The Betrothal of Jason and Medea, 1487 , 1487
Biagio d'Antonio Tucci (1446 – 1 June 1516) was an Italian Renaissance painter whose style was influenced by Filippo Lippi, Andrea Verrocchio and Domenico Ghirlandaio.
Biography [ edit ]
Biagio was born in Florence.
For much of the last quarter of the 15th century he was active in Faenza, but his style continued to reflect Florentine innovations. His paintings also demonstrate influences—particularly in the decorative elements—from early Netherlandish painting.
The painter sometimes collaborated with other artists. In 1481–1482, he assisted Cosimo Rosselli on frescoes in the Sistine Chapel, including the Last Supper and probably the Crossing of the Red Sea. He helped Pietro Perugino in painting in the Palazzo della Signoria. His other works include the Temperani predella at Cortona and a Madonna between St Francis and Mary Magdalene at San Casciano in Val di Pesa.
He also frequently painted cassone panels.
Selected works [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
Bartoli, Roberta. "Biagio d'Antonio (Tucci)". Grove Art Online . Oxford University Press.
Bryan, Michael (1889). Walter Armstrong & Robert Edmund Graves, ed. Dictionary of Painters and Engravers, Biographical and Critical (Volume II L-Z). York St. #4, Covent Garden, London; Original from Fogg Library, Digitized May 18, 2007: George Bell and Sons. p. 590.
Italian Paintings: Florentine School, a collection catalog containing information about d'Antonio and his works (see pages: 142-148).
Andre Roberts returns a kickoff for a touchdown against the Carolina Panthers in November. (Mike McCarn/Associated Press)
As reigning NFC East champions, the Redskins will face a tougher schedule in 2016 than they did in 2015, with games against Arizona and Carolina added to a docket that already includes a rematch with the Green Bay Packers and a road game in London. So just to equal their 9-7 record, they'll have to be a far better team, which means getting better at every position.
Heading into free agency and the NFL draft, the Redskins' roster has plenty of room for improvement, with depth and upgrades needed along the defensive line and in the secondary, in particular.
While wide receiver isn't a particularly glaring need, anchored by the speedy DeSean Jackson and durable Pierre Garcon (assuming both are brought back, whether under their existing contracts or more “cap-friendly” renegotiated deals), General Manager Scot McCloughan could create some cap space for his overall initiative to improve the roster by culling the unit. Based on production, sixth-year NFL veteran Andre Roberts is a likely place to start.
[Here's what the Redskins will be trying to accomplish at the NFL combine]
Signed to a four-year, $16 million deal prior to the 2014 season, Roberts hasn't had the impact the Redskins had hoped in his two years with the team. Then again, he stepped into a different role than the one he'd signed on for when the Redskins courted him as a free agent.
Signed to be the team's No. 2 wide receiver, Roberts was bumped to No. 3 when the team jumped at the chance to acquire Jackson after his surprise release by the Philadelphia Eagles. Roberts caught 36 passes for 453 yards and two touchdowns in 2014, while handling return duties on special teams.
Early in the 2015 season, he lost his job as the featured slot receiver to rookie Jamison Crowder, who'd taken over his punt-return duties earlier.
To his credit, Roberts didn't complain or cause a distraction when benched in favor of Crowder. Despite his curtailed role, he was among the few bright spots in the Redskins' 44-16 loss at Carolina in Week 11, running back a kickoff 99 yards for a touchdown.
But he missed the last five games of the season with a right knee injury, ultimately was placed on the injured reserve list in late December and underwent offseason surgery in January.
While backups Rashad Ross and Ryan Grant filled in, with Ross taking on kickoff returns, Roberts finished 2015 with his least productive season as a pro, hauling in 11 passes for 135 yards and zero receiving touchdowns in his nine games.
[Should the Redskins bring back DeSean Jackson?]
Roberts, who turned 28 on Jan. 9, has a cap hit of $5 million in 2016.
For McCloughan and the Redskins, bringing back both Jackson and Garcon is a costly proposition, but both bring unique ability to their positions. Roberts (5 feet 11, 187 pounds) never really seized his opportunities, either as a return specialist or wide receiver. Looking ahead, what the Redskins need most in their receiving corps is at least one big body. Garcon, at 6-0 and 216, is the biggest among them, not counting 6-foot-2, 237-pound tight end Jordan Reed.
More from The Post:
The biggest, possibly insurmountable, obstacle to fixing NFL's catch rule
Can Stephen Paea start at right defensive end? | More offseason questions
Here's what the Redskins will be trying to accomplish at the NFL combine
Snider: Interviews will be more important than times at the combine
More NFL: Redskins | Around the league | D.C. Sports Bog | Fancy Stats
Follow: @MikeJonesWaPo | @lizclarketweet | @MasterTes | @Insider
An empty bed in a German maternity ward. Note the symbolism.
Photo by Sean Gallup/Getty Images
Europe's low birth rates have turned it into an aging continent, which has more than a few people panicking about the region's economic prospects. As the New York Times reports today, the sense of crisis has grown bad enough that sex educators in Denmark have started talking up the glories of parenthood. “For many, many years, we only talked about safe sex, how to prevent getting pregnant,” the leader of a sex-ed nonprofit told the Times. “Suddenly we just thought, maybe we should actually also tell them about how to get pregnant.” To put it another way, they're subtly nudging kids to get knocked up. Not necessarily tomorrow. But, you know, when they're old enough.
As the Times notes, it's not entirely clear how worried the developed world should be about demographic decline. It's true that without population growth, economies can't expand as quickly. As the number of retirees per worker rises, it could also become harder for countries to support their elderly. But between improvements in productivity and looser immigration rules, it may be possible to undo some of the deleterious effects of a graying society.
But let's assume, for the sake of argument, that Europe's dearth of babies really is an existential threat to its future. What should countries do? Make sure more women are working, for starters.
That's less counterintuitive than it sounds. As economists Fang Guo and Yuko Kinoshita have pointed out, women in the industrialized world tend to have more children in countries where they're more likely to work. In countries with pro-family policies like subsidized day care and paid parental leave, women face less pressure to choose between work and children. And with two incomes instead of one, couples are better able to afford to have kids.
A necessary caveat: Some aspects of this graph may be a little outdated, since it averages together a long period of time. In Germany, for instance, the labor force participation rate for women in their prime working years is now higher than in the United States. Yet its birthrate is still one of the lowest in the world, and it's falling. Employment opportunities aren't a cultural cure-all.
There is, also, some mixed news for Denmark on this graph. Its women are already much more likely to be in the labor force than in almost any other developed country, which sadly means there isn't much room for improvement on that front. However, its birthrate also isn't nearly so bad as Germany's or Spain's. Can some awkward-sounding sex-ed classes push it any higher? Of that, well, I'm not so sure.
Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, got emotional Wednesday when he reflected on his sons' presence at the Republican baseball practice where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was shot.
Barton told reporters Wednesday that one of his sons was along first base, while his oldest son was near the batting cage at the time of the shooting.
Rep. Joe Barton on his son Jack, who was at practice: "He had 25 dads, everybody out there was looking out for him" https://t.co/tVIx8ewKEX— NBC News (@NBCNews) June 14, 2017
"I got Jack, he crawled under a car with the bleachers between him and the shooter. It may have only been four or five minutes but to me it felt like 10 minutes," Barton said.
Rep. Mike Doyle, D-Pa., added that the first thing he thought about when he heard the news was of Barton's sons.
Barton praised his fellow lawmakers for looking out for his sons. He added, referring to his 10-year-old son Jack: "He had 25 dads. Everybody out there was looking out for him, not just me."
It's over.
Hillary Clinton has been in free fall in the latest (accurate, non-MSM) Directorate Presidential poll. Clinton was behind by 8 points after the debate. A debate through which Clinton struggled and failed to answer the first barrage of Wikileak revelations including her (no longer) secret speeches to Wall Street and banks.
In the latest poll that number has enlarged. Trump now leads with a 10 point spread, nationally.
This conclusively shows that the mainstream media coup d' etat against Trump has failed. It also shows that the mainstream media credibility is so low that even 24/7 negative coverage is not convincing or influencing the electorate. In fact, we found it interesting that Trump's numbers actually raised the most on the day the media rolled out the “improper contact” barrage.
Wikileaks revelations appear to have totally overshadowed any rolled out alleged “victims” of Trump's impropriety. That many of these revelations show the MSM complicit in trying to elect Hillary and tear down her opponents is a likely reason for the ineffective results of the ongoing attack on Trump's character and behavior. We again asked whether Wikileaks influenced their choice and the numbers grew from 32 percent to 43 percent.
Julian Assange has to be smiling about now. After Hillary Clinton speculated about droning him, since he was a ‘soft target,' it would appear Assange has bombed her chances with a barrage of emails showing endless and varying malfeasance by her campaign chair John Podesta, a corrupt Donna Brazile (head of the DNC ) giving Clinton debate questions in advance and most damaging the admission that Hillary Clinton holds both a private position and a public position on issues. In other words, she lies to the public about what she is going to do.
Richard Nixon is smiling too.
UPDATE: 10/18/2016
The recently released Project Veritas videos have revealed that the DNC organized protests and violence at Trump rallies. We noted that in the video a yellow and black protest sign was framed on the wall. At Directorate we had identified the yellow and black signs as the sign of organized “non-grassroots” protests but the video lets us confirm that almost all the protests were funded by the DNC and Hillary Campaign.
Note the yellow & black sign on the wall.
Now let's look at the Trump protests over the past year:
Let's look a bit closer at that sign…
Yes, ALL the media stories about the people being angry with Trump and protesting him were false and pure propaganda paid for by the DNC. The corporate media reports the fake news that the corporate owned DNC creates.
Will the corporate media cover this story? Nope. It's up to the people to share, post and make others aware of the truth!
Advertisements
To anyone sufficiently familiar with the politics of the contemporary student left, attempts to censor speakers for the alleged crime of bigotry should not come as a surprise. Neither should the endorsement of Islamists and their list of grievances. Nevertheless, the endorsement by young progressives of a society that promotes regressive speakers in the service of suppressing the voice of a feminist ex-Muslim still has the capacity to shock. It is especially shocking because the groups who have endorsed these attempts to bully a progressive ex-Muslim are the feminist society and the LGBTQ society.
On Monday, November 30th, Maryam Namazie, a plain-spoken critic of Islamism and tireless advocate for ex-Muslims, gave a speech organised by the Goldsmiths Athiest, Secularist and Humanist society. Earlier that day, the Islamic society at Goldsmiths University objected to her right to give the speech, citing that her alleged Islamophobia is in violation of the safe space policy at the university. Her speech went ahead. Or, should I say, started ahead – for during her speech, Namazie was constantly interrupted and heckled and abused by members of the Islamic society. It was thuggery befitting fascists. What was the response to this by the feminist society and LGBTQ society? Essentially: intolerant and thuggish fascists need safe spaces too.
According to the feminist society:
Goldsmiths Feminist Society stands in solidarity with Goldsmiths Islamic Society. We support them in condemning the actions of the Atheist, Secularist and Humanist Society and agree that hosting known islamophobes at our university creates a climate of hatred.
Maryam Namazie is a “known islamophobe” only to the ignorant or those who conflate criticism of Islam and hatred of Islamism with hatred of Muslims. In other words, she is a bigot to those who essentially support blasphemy law.
According to Goldsmiths LGBTQ society:
Following recent events on- and offline, we would like to state and show our solidarity with the sisters and brothers of our Goldsmiths ISOC society.
We condemn AHS and online supporters for their islamophobic remarks, attitudes, and harassment. If they feel intimidated, we urge them to look at the underpinnings of their ideology. We find that personal and social harm enacted in the name of ‘free speech' is foul, and detrimental to the wellbeing of students and staff on campus.
We hope this series of events prompts reflection in all parties involved, but also onlookers. Allyship consists of apologies, bearing with and deconstructing discomfort, respecting the necessary privacy of safer spaces, and opening our hearts to humans unlike ourselves.
Before examining the underpinnings of the Atheist and Humanist society ideology, one should first examine Goldsmiths' Islamic society.
In 2011, they invited to speak at their annual dinner Abdurraheem Green and Hamza Tzortzis. Green believes that a husband is permitted to beat his wife if she misbehaves, and that homosexuality should not be permitted in society; Tzortzis has supported child-marriage.
In 2014, Goldsmiths Islamic society invited Cage Prisoners – a group whose dalliance with terrorism and extremism is well-documented. CAGE has supported a wide range of Islamist terrorists – from Abu Hamza to Anwar al-Awlaki. The deputy director of CAGE, Asim Qureshi, has twice refused when interviewed on TV to answer whether he thinks adulterers should be stoned to death.
So the feminist and LGBTQ society think it appropriate to ban a vocal opponent of wife-beating, lethal homophobia, apostasy laws and terrorism, whilst supporting a society that promotes and invites misogynistic and homophobic Islamists. No-platforming for left-wing critics of Islamist oppression; safe-spaces for thugs that endorse theocratic fascists: this is the dysfunctional moral compass now crippling the mainstream student left.
Ideas and beliefs should not be beyond scrutiny in any society that regards itself as free – especially if those ideas are used to oppress. Universities should not be considered safe spaces for any young person cognisant of the fact that open societies necessitates you tolerate speech that you dislike. Instead, what we have here is a culture of progressives, disaffected by liberal principles, pointedly incurious or delusional about the people they're defending, marginalising the voice of someone who speaks up for vulnerable people. For people who don't have the benefit of languidly complaining about safe spaces; for people who don't have the benefit of coming out as gay to their parents or telling them they're atheist or having a boyfriend; people who dare to behave in a way that doesn't suit the stereotype of brown people, and instead think for themselves. People who don't cry or wallow in shallow victimhood because they're offended by the misuse of a pronoun or the wearing of problematic clothes. These people are alone because the student left has abandoned them in pursuit of the solipsistic politics of grievance.
Let's recap: A feminist society and a LGBTQ society are supporting the marginalisation of a feminist and pro-gay rights ex-Muslim by a group that promotes homophobes and misogynists. End of analysis.
Advertisements
Clarkson College of Technology The Unique Seal of the College Motto Ruchnoy Protivotankovy Granatomyot! Established 2036, Opened 2015 School type Public Head Mr. Clarkson Location Moscow, New York, Russia Campus Gnu Enrollment ∞
14.5 Endowment 1 Faculty 69 Mascot Trick
During the year of 2036, in the massive technical metropolis known as Moscow, Clarkson College of Technology was built and completed as predicted by Time Traveling alumnus John Titor, and rap superstar Macho Man Randy Savage. They predicted an ominous figure by the name of Mr. Clarkson would be the campus' Chief Oppressor. Mr. Clarkson and his favorite pet Trick would end up capturing the Flying Spaghetti Monster in order to use its supreme and unmeasurable amounts of power to save Moscow from the Winter Gods. Since all of the students wished to be as powerful as the Flying Spaghetti Monster, but none could, some of its students use darts to prove their self worth, by using giant rubber bands to take a dart in the behind.
Clarkson College of Technology was later renamed to Clarkson University due to a typo. The printing company that produced the latest shipment of promotional materials had mistakenly mistyped "of" as "University" and omitted the words "College" and "Technology." Mr. Clarkson, already out the expense and with insufficient time to order reprints, decided to just roll with it.
Buildings on Campus [ edit ]
One of the reactors located on the Science Complex.
Science Complex [ edit ]
The Science Complex provides power to the campus by utilizing a series of eighteen coal reactor core structures. Because of patented refining techniques, the emissions given off by the reactors are not black, but in fact, white. Traces of this white soot literally coat the entire geographical area surrounding the campus. The substance is powdery, cold, and often found in large evenly displaced quantities on the ground and all buildings respectively. At various times of the day during much of the year, this powder can be seen falling from the sky. Clarkson regularly assures inhabitants of the region that the substance poses no threat to anyone living nearby, though this has never been conclusively determined. Since it's construction the Science Complex has been slowly sliding down the hill towards the Woodstock Apartments. Students living in Woodstock have reported seeing the Science Complex begin to move towards them during periods of heavy rainfall. New campus plans call for the Woodstock Apartments to be removed to prevent any damage as the Science Complex makes it's way down the hill.
Snell Hall [ edit ]
Snell Hall is a Clarkson-owned building kept downtown entirely to waste money. The temperature in all rooms is kept at 124 degrees fahrenheit at all times to ensure that no one will dare use them. It has been superceded by Snell Hall, Second Edition.
Snell Hall, Second Edition [ edit ]
Snell Hall, Second Edition is a building designed to trap and kill students through various means. Careful design has lead the building to "unexpectedly" degrade putting students in harm's way, such as by randomly dropping lighting fixtures or ceiling tiles from above while no one is looking. Students moving about within the building are exposed to the harmful radiation shunted from the Science Complex through the raised "walkway" connecting the two structures. In case of emergency, the building is programmed to speak directions in a soothing voice and lead students into dead-end corridors, the basement, or the adjacent Gazebo.
The building was named after Bertrand H. Snell, but is often referred to by his nickname, Bernard H. Snell.
It is also a well-known fact on campus that Snell Hall, Second Edition was originally designed to be built in New Mexico but when the supplies were accidentally shipped to Potsdam it was constructed here.
The "Walkway" [ edit ]
To even the untrained eye on campus, the "Walkway" connecting Snell Hall Second edition to the Science Complex, is massively overbuilt for foot traffic. Even with the occasional Bobcat Bandit running through the 3rd floor halls, it is built for even greater loads. That is because it is in fact an elaborate tether designed to provide an anchor point to the Science Complex. Not wanting to admit to runaway buildings or to their unorthodox fix, the campus decided to enclose their tether and put tile down for students to cross between buildings. It should be noted however that the tether is under great strain and the campus has warned against students' attempts to get it to bounce. It may snap at any moment and care should be taken while crossing.
The "Library" [ edit ]
The "Library" is often referred to as the ERC (The Easiest Routing Corridor), because it is not a library. It has been claimed that there is a library somewhere in the building, but it has never been found. The library serves as a small food court and the center of operations for the extensive high-speed fiber network that provides Clarkson with a local interweb mirror. It is also the primary corridor for all foot traffic between any two buildings on campus.
The Pit [ edit ]
The Pit is a hole in the ground near the bottom of the hill on which the campus sits. Particularly unlucky freshmen who do not pass their Intro to Lotteries class by the end of their first year are rounded up and dumped with their belongings into this hole. Most students do not survive the Pit and it has been Clarkson's most successful attempt at solving the ever-present housing shortage on the hill campus as well as over population in the United States. The only means of escape is a wooded path nicknamed the "rape trail." Students that manage to safely reach and activate the blue-light phone when it is not broken or run all the way up the steep incline without being captured are allowed to return the following semester.
CAMP [ edit ]
Originally designed as a maze for the fabled Minotaur from Greek mythology, the CAMP building is now used to confuse the fuck out of freshmen engineering students who are trying to find their advisors rooms. Some say that the original name was Center for Anal Masturbatory Prostitution. However, the University denies this firmly. But, if one listens carefully on a winter night, they can hear moans from the "graduate students" as they "work on their theses."
Rowley Labs [ edit ]
The Rowley Lab building is connected to CAMP by a normal hallway on the first floor, and by an invisible walkway on the second floor. This walkway is barely ever used because IT DOESN"T FUCKING EXIST! it is rumored that there is a classroom somewhere in the dark bowels of the building; however, this has yet to be proven.
Security [ edit ]
The campus is protected by two men, imbued with untold cosmic powers and a flashlight, that patrol the campus in a heavily modified Ford Fusion with custom paint.
Teachers [ edit ]
Dr. Gibert [ edit ]
Dr. Gibert (pronounced "Gee-bert", "Zhi-Behr", or "God") was hired from Clemson University in Fall 2013. His classes include Rigid Body Dynamics and Fluid Mechanics. He is unliked by the campus community of foreign unintelligible former-grad students for infringing on their classes and denying them their food supply, the tears of engineering students.
Dr. Jim [ edit ]
Dr. Jim is the only person on the face of the earth crazy enough to teach chemistry to freshmen and therefore he is the only person at Clarkson teaching chemistry to freshmen. Time in his class is equally divided between encouraging students to use the clickers, blowing shit up, displaying his dyslexia by confusing what he is writing on the board with what is in his notes and actually learning about chemistry.
Dr. Wick [ edit ]
Dr. Wick is an evil and diabolical man who survives off the crushed dreams of the freshmen who he intentionally fails. In class he comes off as a very mild mannered and intelligent person however this is just a facade he wants to see all of the freshmen fail and does everything in his power to do so. Anyone who says that they do any better than a fifty on his tests are either lying or sleeping with the entire grading committee. An example of one of his tests can be found here [1].
Dr. Vitek [ edit ]
THE MOST AWESOME PROFESSOR YOU WILL EVER HAVE! TAKE HIS CLASSES!
Visser [ edit ]
Evil inhuman spawn of Satan that haunts aero students. Unable to hand back or grade any homework on his own. Most notable catch phrase to his students are; "I designed the 747-400er" (he designed the gas cap), "You're here to fill a quota", and "you should probably consider switching majors", rumor has it that he's even said this to several senior aero students. Generally incapable of talking to regular people due to his ego, he is to be avoided at all costs and it's advisable to simply ignore anything he says to you personally. When not found in the dungeon torturing his students and especially his advises Visser may be found in his recording studio recording such gems as this: [2]
Dr. Ramsdell [ edit ]
If Kermit the Frog had a twin who smoked a pack and a half a day for ten years, Ramsdell would be his voice actor.
Dr. Mclusky [ edit ]
This guy is old really fucking old
Dr. Wilcox [ edit ]
Noted for having mastered the art of torturing sophomore chemical engineers, Wilcox is the blind, unholy spawn of a dementor and a vampire. As he drones he watches for those who text or sleep in his class as he lulls all he addresses with his mind-numbing drone and overpacked slides, appearing to seldom spot these delinquents. Only after the first exam do you know which he's seen and preyed upon; they're the ones that never return. Even once he's consumed those, he still must feed upon the souls of those remaining, leeching the happiness from them. Only through consuming the spirits of students is he able to stand and lecture.
OIT [ edit ]
OIT (Offensive Internet Technicians) is Clarkson's service for rending all computers useless. OIT takes it's first stab at new students before they even arrive on campus through the laptop purchase program. Laptops available to students though OIT are built by DELL (Deadly Electronics Ltd.) or IBM (Improvised Bomb Mainframes). These computers are specially designed so that at a random time (generated at the first boot) the computer will shoot deadly beams into your eyes and then explode. If you happen to have one of these computers that has not reached it's detonation time it is likely that the evil spirits in the hard drive, motherboard, and batteries have converted your computer into a very stylish and expensive paper weight. If the evil spirits have taken control of your computer you have very limited options, the most effective of these is to toss your computer into the Pit (see above reference). The other option is to return your computer to OIT, the robots working there will preform an exorcism on it and give it back to you after a few days without any of your data or software and multiple new problems.
The other purpose of OIT is to control Clarkson's internet access. It is OIT's task to suppress the internet as effectively as possible and limit students access. When OIT is unable to suppress access to the internet they often turn to the mail server, rendering it impossible for students to read the OIT emails regarding the failure of the mail server. Despite the already slow connection to the internet, OIT has taken it upon themselves to slow students access to flash content even more. By limiting the rate at which flash content can be accessed during the day OIT forces students to remain awake nearly all night to acquire their required dose of YouTube.
A spokeswoman for Fox News, Irena Briganti, declined to comment on Media Matters' efforts, but the group draws regular barbs from Fox hosts Beck and Bill O'Reilly.
“Tonight is not an episode you casually watch and take out of context like Media Matters does,” Beck remarked last month.
Text Size -
+
reset
A more extended attack came in February on the freewheeling late night show Red Eye, which conducted a mock interview with a purported Media Matters employee.
“It's horrible. All we do is sit and watch Fox News and make up stuff about Fox News. It is the saddest place I have ever seen in my life. I think about it, and I want to throw up,” the mock employee said. “I get to work and I take off my clothes, and they strap me into a chair in front of a TV with [Fox News Channel] on. They keep my eyelids propped open like in “Clockwork Orange,” and I sit and type all day.
“If there was no Beck, George Soros would come down and demand we make it up,” the “interviewee” continued. “I would watch the “Flintstones” and transcribe Fred Flintstone's words and attribute them to Beck. It was the only way to get Soros to stop hitting me.”
(A Soros associate said the financier, who gave Media Matters $1 million last year, did not earmark it for the Fox campaign. Soros suggested in a recent CNN interview that the Fox depictions of him as a sinister media manipulator would better be applied to Murdoch.)
In some views, the war between Media Matters and Fox is not, necessarily, bad for either side. Media Matters has transformed itself into a pillar of the progressive movement with its aggressive new brand of media campaigning. And the attacks cement Fox's status on the right.
“Fox is happy about it — and it makes their position more vivid among their supporters,” said Paul Levinson, a media studies professor at Fordham University. “One way of keeping your core supporters happy is to be attacked by people your core supporters don't like.”
But Media Matters says its digging has begun to pay off. The group has trickled out a series of emails from Washington Bureau Chief Bill Sammon, leaks from inside the network, which show him, for instance, circulating a memo on “Obama's references to socialism, liberalism, Marxism and Marxists.”
The leaks are part of a broader project to take advantage of internal dissent, Media Matters Executive Vice President Ari Rabin-Havt said.
“We made a list of every single person who works for Fox and tried to figure out who might be disgruntled and why, and we went out to try to meet them,” he said. “Clearly, somebody in that organization is giving us primary source documents.”
Media Matters, he said, is also conducting “opposition research” on a dozen or so “mid- and senior-level execs and producers,” a campaign style move that he and Brock said would simply involve recording their public appearances and digging into public records associated with them.
And Brock's 2010 planning memo offers a glimpse at Media Matters' shift from media critic to a new species of political animal.
“Criticizing Fox News has nothing to do with criticizing the press,” its memo says. “Fox News is not a news organization. It is the de facto leader of the GOP, and it is long past time that it is treated as such by the media, elected officials and the public.”
Rebar just below the water's surface ripped through a number of rafts on the Bow River this weekend, prompting the Calgary fire department to issue a warning after multiple rescues.
The fire department said they had to repeatedly rescue rafters who were stranded on an island just west of the Crowchild Trail bridge, where one of the worst hazards lurked.
"One particularly hazardous location is just upstream from where the river passes under the Crowchild Trail bridge," officials said.
"Large amounts of rebar have been discovered protruding approximately four metres from shore near the island, very near to a standing wave on the north side in the main channel of the river. It is not readily visible as it is just below the surface of the water."
Rebar is often a set of steel bars or wires using to reinforce concrete.
The fire department recommends using the south side of the river to avoid the hazard but warns the current is stronger on that side.
The rebar - steel bars used to reinforce concrete - is more of a hazard than usual due to low water levels. (www.engineeringtoolbox.com)
The area is marked with caution tape as a temporary measure until something more permanent can be installed.
Calgary fire has posted safety tips for river usage, which includes the use of life jackets.
Check out their line of headsets, camera cables, and LED lighting today!
I want to build another airplane
It seems like around this time each year I get the craving to build another airplane. It must have something to do with the long winters up here in Ohio.
This affliction even affected me during the last winter of building my RV. In spite of the fact I was finishing the RV-8, I got all excited about building a Fokker Triplane; excited enough to order a set of plans! I know, I'm sick!
So it is again that I want to find a way to break those Triplane plans out and start making parts. Of course, I have no time and little money to devote to such an endeavor. Maybe that's why I want to, because I know I can't. The forbidden fruit syndrome of airplanes.
After my last airplane, my wife declared no more building until retirement – Urghh! But she also said I shouldn't start building my RV-8 until my youngest was 6 and I actually started it when she was 3 – everything's negotiable.
The good news is the Triplane would be very cheap to build initially, further tempting me! Plus, it is plans-built, meaning there are no kit parts so every little piece is hand-made. This would likely make this a 7 or 8-year project at the pace I built my RV-8 (5 yrs to build).
What really needs to happen is a re-polish of my -8 along with finishing the smoke system.
I guess I'm a little ADD when it comes to my airplanes.
by Brent
VISIT OUR SPONSOR for Training DVD's, affordable headsets, cable adapters, headset parts, LED strobes and lights, and more! They cover ALL EXPENSES for iFLYblog.com to keep it coming FREE to you FOREVER!
Subscribe to the iFlyBLOG Mailing List to get the latest blog posts and news to your E-Mail instantly! PLUS TWO FREE eBooks!
A wise voice is warning that fascism lies at the bottom of the English-speaking world's dangerous political decline. That voice belongs to Michael Ignatieff.
Mr. Ignatieff is a rarity: a public intellectual who once held the title of Leader of Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition.
That word "loyal" is telling, as Mr. Ignatieff explained in an address at Stanford University earlier this month. Democracy, he said, depends on politicians respecting the roles that other politicians play.
Story continues below advertisement
"The opposition performs an adversarial function critical to democracy itself," Mr. Ignatieff observed. "Governments have no right to question the loyalty of those who oppose them. Adversaries remain citizens of the same state, common subjects of the same sovereign, servants of the same law."
But that vital underpinning of respect is being lost in the United States, where a Democratic president is fighting for re-election against a Republican opponent whose supporters, in some cases, maintain the President seized office illegally using a forged birth certificate.
And although Mr. Ignatieff avoids referring to his personal circumstances, we all know he was the victim of a Conservative attack machine that questioned his loyalty to his country. Remember "Just Visiting?"
You could argue this is sour grapes. But Mr. Ignatieff came down from the stands to fight in the arena. Now back among us in the stands, he speaks with a unique authority.
In his speech, Mr. Ignatieff bore down on the high price paid when politicians treat each other as enemies rather than adversaries.
When you think of your opponent across the aisle as an adversary, "you reject arguments, not persons; question premises, not identities; interrogate interests, not loyalties," Mr. Ignatieff said.
But when politicians look upon each other as enemies, "legislatures replace relevance with pure partisanship. Party discipline rules supreme, fraternization is frowned upon, negotiation and compromise are rarely practised, and debate within the chamber becomes as venomously personal as it is politically meaningless."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
In that light, the American Congress and the Canadian House of Commons share much in common.
Godwin's Law stipulates that the longer an online discussion carries on, the greater is the likelihood one side will compare the other side to the Nazis. But Mr. Ignatieff invokes the spectre of fascism with more credible intent.
"Fascism took the fatal step from a politics of adversaries into a politics of enemies," he warned. "We are not there yet, but it is worth remembering that the fatal declension occurred in a democracy not so dissimilar to our own, in a society plagued by economic crisis, among a battered population looking for someone to blame."
Treating politics as a war against enemies is a mortal threat to democracy because it corrodes compromise. The willingness and ability to compromise permits politicians to make deals, and making deals is essential to a healthy democracy, whatever purists might think.
"We have politicians precisely to make the deals the rest of us are too fastidious to make," Mr. Ignatieff pointed out with telling accuracy. "We need leaders prepared to take the moral risks with their own integrity in order to make the compromises that keep us together."
If your opponent is an enemy, however, then compromise is not an option. Victory or defeat are the only possible outcomes. Which is why journalists – who are themselves becoming more polarized and less respectful of opposing points of view – increasingly resort to military metaphors to describe political contests. No other words are appropriate.
Story continues below advertisement
How do we reverse this dangerous descent? Mr. Ignatieff's solution to an American audience is threefold: Limit the power of money in politics; encourage wide-open primaries in which anyone can stand for office, even without the endorsement of party leaders; loosen the bonds of party discipline in the legislatures.
Such solutions are only partially applicable to Canada. But Mr. Ignatieff's most important lesson could be applied by all:
"We should focus martial energies where they are needed: [against] those adversaries who actively threaten the liberty of other peoples and our own. Towards those within our borders, however heatedly we may disagree, we should work from a simple persuasive, but saving, assumption: In the house of democracy there are no enemies."
Something to think on, the next time the Prime Minister and the Leader of her Majesty's Loyal Opposition confronts each other in the House.
When veterinarian Odette Doest arrived at her local radio station on the Caribbean island of Curaçao for an interview about wildlife conservation, her companion, Bob, startled the staff. Doest told them she'd be bringing a flamingo, but they'd assumed she meant the plastic variety.
The unlikely duo met in October, after Bob (whom Doest named spontaneously when the radio host asked his name) crashed into a hotel window and collapsed near the pool. Doest, an exotic-pet veterinarian who rehabilitates wildlife on the side, learned of the accident via Facebook and rushed over. She quickly realized Bob couldn't be released, because of his unnatural affinity for human company. So Bob became part of Doest's rescue flock, which includes macaws, boobies, and a caracara. The birds live on her yard and porch-turned-aviary, next door to her office.
When wildlife photographer Jasper Doest visited his cousin Odette, he was so enchanted by Bob's charisma that he began documenting the flamingo's busy life. Doest brings Bob to schools and media outlets to educate locals about his wild kin. The island is home to around 250 of the elegant waders, but most of the country's almost 160,000 inhabitants aren't familiar with the birds or the threats they face, such as resort development encroaching on feeding and nesting habitat or injury from loose dogs. “I'm often surprised that my fellow islanders don't really know what's out there in the wild,” Doest says.
While Doest would have preferred to free Bob, she says he's helping to instill a conservation ethic in the next generation. Kids want to know all about the four-foot-tall pink bird: how his life differs from that of his free-flying cousins, why his feathers are pink (as a result of compounds in the shrimp and algae he eats), and his favorite snack (caviar, which he tries to eat straight out of Doest's hand). After each school visit, Doest asks one student to carry Bob back to her car. “You see them glowing with pride,” she says of the newest members of Bob's growing fan base.
Photo: Jasper Doest
Heading to Class
Odette Doest arrives at the A.E. Goiloschool in Julianadorp with Bob and a pelican that lost a wing. Doest originally funded her rehab work herself, but the climbing costs of caring for the birds spurred her to set up a foundation in order to accept donations. Today she treats four or five rescue birds in a typical week.
Photo: Jasper Doest
A Popular Guest
The students knew they'd be meeting a veterinarian, but they didn't realize she would be bringing live birds with her. “It was a big surprise for them,” says Jasper Doest. Visiting the school was one of the photographer's favorite parts of his visit to Curaçao. Some of these children had never seen a flamingo in the wild, much less up close, and it was fun to see the kids' enthusiasm for the tall, pink visitor. “I could have done that for a full week,” he says.
Photo: Jasper Doest
Making Friends
Flamingoes and people have a strained relationship on Curaçao. Resorts encroach on the birds' feeding and nesting habitat, and loose dogs attack and injure, or even kill them. Our obsession with selfies also harms the birds; Doest says some people trying to get the perfect shot throw stones to get photos of the birds in flight.
Photo: Jasper Doest
The Human Touch
Being carried back to the car by a student doesn't perturb Bob, who has spent most of his life in the company of humans. Odette Doest has learned that he was raised by people as part of a private flock, and then released into the wild by his owners last year.
Photo: Jasper Doest
Home Sweet Home
Bob with Odette Doest's son and the family's pet parrot on the porch, which has been converted to an aviary for rescue birds.
Photo: Jasper Doest
Snack Time
Bob is likely struck by his own reflection—rather than a case of the munchies—when he wanders over to the vending machine on his visit to a local television station. Again and again during his visit, Jasper Doest found himself enchanted by the humorous contrast of the gangly pink bird in human settings. “Some of the images are so funny or so bizarre,” he says.
Photo: Jasper Doest
Made for TV
Both Doests wish Bob could make his way in the wild, but they take comfort in his newfound role as a conservation symbol. During Jasper Doest's visit, Bob appeared on a local television news show, in addition to other social engagements. “He's making a difference for all those flamingos out there on the mudflats,” Doest says.
A mother forced to walk for more than an hour to Shea Heights carrying her two-year-old son in her arms wants an apology from Metrobus.
A driver barred the duo from riding on the city's transit system last week.
That left Jessica Chafe no choice but to walk roughly four kilometres home from Booth Memorial High School in the city centre.
The trip took more than an hour. The last stretch, from Water Street to Shea Heights, is a steep climb uphill.
"I was completely in shock when it happened," Chafe told CBC News. "It was really hard to take in ... I cried a little bit. I just couldn't believe it."
Chafe says she usually gets a drive with her boyfriend, but he was in training and unavailable last Friday. That left Metrobus as her only transportation option.
Chafe says she boarded the bus with her son, who turns three in August, but is tall for his age.
Chafe paid her fare. Her son didn't. Children under three rides for free.
But the driver had a problem.
"He said to me, ‘If you don't have enough money, you have to get off.'"
Chafe says she protested, saying her son wasn't three yet.
Those protests fell on deaf ears, and off the bus they went.
She didn't have money to take a cab, leaving her with no option but to walk. Chafe says she carried her son, her bookbag, and his bag filled with diapers.
Chafe later talked to a Metrobus supervisor, who gave her a free five-day pass for her troubles, but no apology.
"The way that it happened, I don't want it to happen to anybody else. It was really hard."
Now, all she wants is someone to say they are sorry.
"I think it's horrible the way they treated me and my son," Chafe said. "They shouldn't have kicked a child off, ever — even if he was six years of age. It should have never happened."
Metrobus reaction
Metrobus spokeswoman Judy Powell calls the complaint the first of its type.
Powell says there are regular cases of people not having enough money for their fare, and drivers don't kick them off. People often pay what they owe later.
If it's the case of a repeat offender, Powell says, protocol is for the bus driver to bring the matter to a supervisor.
Metrobus officials are scheduled to meet with Chafe and her family Thursday morning to get more information.
Powell told CBC News that Metrobus will "certainly" apologize if the complaint is accurate.
"From our point of view, when we receive a complaint, we complete an investigation, if it is discovered that we are at fault or something was not handled properly, we would issue an apology," Powell says.
"It's difficult to erase an unpleasant experience, we all know that, but the best we can do is to apologize and take steps internally to ensure that it does not happen again."
According to Powell, the age for children to ride free on Metrobus will actually increase during the summer to five years old.
The word “thug” is used universally to mean anyone who perpetrates mindless violence. But it's often forgotten that it once had a very specific meaning – one so horrible it was the reason the word entered English in the first place. The Thugs were Indian roadside bandits, originally from what is now Madhya Pradesh in central India, who strangled and robbed unwary travellers, having previously befriended them. The word comes from the Sanskrit sthag, meaning to deceive or trick.
I first came across the Thugs about 15 years ago. My mother-in-law, a remarkable woman who had spent 12 years in Chennai (then Madras), talked fascinatingly about them and their nemesis and chronicler, William “Thugee” Sleeman .
Sleeman was one of those now-forgotten, larger-than-life, 19th-century colonial figures, a brilliant linguist and exceptional administrator with a voracious appetite for work and great intellectual curiosity. He was the first man to identify dinosaur fossils in India, an especially striking feat since he did so when the subject was in its infancy. In a sense he was also responsible for The Jungle Book – he was the first man to collect stories about feral children, inspiring Kipling to create Mowgli.
But he was chiefly famous for the campaign he led to crush the Thugs in the late 1820s and early 1830s, and the articles and books he subsequently wrote about them, based on interviews with those he had persuaded to turn informer.
Sleeman described a secret India-wide cult of murderers with its own customs, rituals and language, plying its trade along the roads of India over centuries. During the dry season from October to March, the Thugs would travel in large groups. Scouts would select victims – always other Indians – and the group would then take on a disguise to win the trust of their prey. They might present themselves as a band of musicians or Sikh merchants or high-caste pilgrims, always making sure they vastly outnumbered their victims. Among the Thugs, there was always an inveigler or deceiver, often the chief or jemadar of the gang, whose role it was to charm and persuade other travellers to join them.
The gang might travel with their marks for a day or a week. Then, one evening, as everyone sat round the fire, the stranglers, or bhurtotes, and two helpers would quietly position themselves behind each victim. The Thug leader would make a sign – calling for tobacco perhaps – and the stranglers would throw an orange scarf, the rumal, around the victims' necks and garrotte them, their helpers grabbing hold of the victim's arms. Thugs prided themselves on the speed and precision of their work. No one was spared, the victims just a few more of the disappeared on India's empty roads.
Once the victim or victims were dead the bodies were stripped of all identification and thrown into round graves dug beforehand, their stomachs cut open to disperse any gases produced during decomposition that might attract attention, while their possessions were taken off by a small contingent of the gang to be divided up later.
There were two other things that made the Thugs particularly unpleasant. One was the scale of their killing: Sleeman's grandson estimated that over the centuries they had committed more than one million murders. (More realistic estimates now put the figure at somewhere between 50,000 and 200,000.) One single Thug named Buhram apparently confessed to more than 900 murders.
Moreover, Sleeman said, their crimes were not simply murders, they were acts of devotion to the goddess Kali, the many-armed, black-faced Hindu goddess of death and destruction, who wore a necklace of severed heads. She fed off the blood of their victims. To compound the litany of horror, Sleeman claimed that some Thug gangs were actively protected by local princes in return for a share of their spoils.
One can see exactly why Sleeman's writings caught the imagination of the British. In the fervid atmosphere of the evangelical 1830s, the Thugs became a byword for the dark, fascinating strangeness of the East – of the evils and moral redundancy of Hinduism, and the corruptness of the Indian ruling class. In 1839, Confessions of a Thug, a now unreadable Gothic novel by another former Indian hand, Philip Meadows Taylor, which drew closely on Sleeman's writings, became an instant bestseller. Queen Victoria was apparently a fan.
One striking thing about these early accounts was that they retained a sliver of almost admiring fascination for the Thugs: Sleeman described them as remorseless killers but loyal and devoted family men. One gang leader, Feringhea, was portrayed as a prince among Thugs, irresistibly attractive and dangerous. Meadows Taylor based his protagonist on Feringhea, having him describe his life as a Thug in a tone of pride as well as horror.
The extent to which these stories penetrated Victorian Britain can be seen in the way that a series of garrottings and muggings in London in the 1860s conjured a widespread and entirely unjustified panic that Thugs had arrived in Britain. Sinister Indian cults began to turn up in other novels, for example in Wilkie Collins' The Moonstone.
Over subsequent decades the word gradually lost its Eastern connotations. Now and again, though, the old colonial meaning would reassert itself: in the 1939 film Gunga Din, where the Thugs appeared as monstrous religious fanatics and rebels against the Raj; in John Masters' 1959 novel, The Deceivers, based on the character and writings of Sleeman; and in the 1984 film Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, where they were a crazed underground death cult bent on world domination through human sacrifice. The Indian government deemed the script so racist, it refused to allow filming in India. It was shot in Sri Lanka instead.
I squirrelled the Thugs away in the back of my mind. A writer of non-fiction, I couldn't see how to blow the dust off them. Then I came across a reference to them as a “colonial fear”. Since the Sixties Indian and British historians have begun to claim that the Thugs had never existed – or at least in the way that Sleeman described them. In Hindustani “thug” originally meant not murderer, but trickster or con man. It was undeniable that they had appeared at a moment when the East India Company, then ruling large parts of India in the name of the British government, had been very keen to find justifications for its continued and ever-extending presence in India, and that their lurid story perfectly illustrated why India needed the British and their civilising influence.
On the other hand Sleeman's papers in the East India Office were concrete evidence of the extraordinary modern detective techniques he had developed to track down real people, and exhume real corpses. In his excellent Thug, Mike Dash – who believes there were Thugs – describes the lists that Sleeman devised of Thugs' aliases and distinguishing marks, of family trees and gangs, the maps of Thug routes and burial grounds. He had thick files of confessions. Thousands of Indians were tried, then hanged or transported to brutal penal colonies (virtually none was acquitted). Sleeman's bigger claims, however, about an ancient, secret conspiracy of Kali-worshipping murderers, did not stand up to scrutiny, and seemed to owe more to his overheated imagination and revulsion towards Hinduism than to his interviews.
The central Indian provinces where Sleeman was based had a long history of banditry, made worse after decades of war and anarchy. Some historians have speculated that the Thugs were really gangs of former soldiers, uprooted tribal groups, and peasants driven off the land or blighted by poor harvests. Sleeman's papers show that rather than having been Thugs for generations, many took to the road for a season or two out of desperation. As the Thugee campaign was extended across India it swept up many small-time criminals, bandits and nomadic groups troublesome to the British, all of whom were branded as Thugs. Bandits who didn't use a rumal, or bury their victims, or worship Kali might quite speciously be called Thugs. There were other contradictions in Sleeman's writings: it seems likely that, without realising it, he was setting down for the first time a range of the traditions, superstitions and thieves' slang of a much wider nomadic and criminal culture in India than just one group. It's also worth remembering that his sources were informers who saved their necks by telling him what he wanted to hear.
The plot thickened, moreover, as it became apparent that in Indian folk memory – as opposed to official imperial histories – Sleeman emerged as an admired but also ruthless figure. My mother-in-law insisted that in India it was widely assumed he had used torture to extract confessions. He tried defendants in English, which they did not understand, and in territorial courts that required a far lower burden of proof than other parts of India. In Jubbulpur it's still said that Sleeman hanged Thugs from mango trees all the way to Mirzapur, a distance of 250 miles.
It was the fascinating duality of Sleeman and the unknowability of the truth about the Thugs that at last gave me a route to writing about them – in fiction. Having written two long biographies, it seemed like a great departure, but in writing, I came to think that the phrase “historical mystery” is a kind of tautology. All history writing has to accept the ultimate unknowability of the past. In fiction you get to play with it.
The Strangler Vine by MJ Carter is published on January 30 by Fig Tree
Follow @TelegraphBooks
Yesterday I attended Keith Braithwaite's workshop titled TDD as if you meant it at the Software Craftsmanship 2009 conference, and I found it truly thought provoking. At the start of the workshop I thought that the exercise is plain silly but I publicly take it back: Keith – you really taught me something yesterday and I thank you for that.
Attendees were split into pairs who were working on the task together, using TDD practices with very strict rules:
write exactly ONE failing test make the test from (1) pass by first writing implementation code IN THE TEST create a new implementation method/function by: doing extract method on implementation code created as per (2), or moving implementation code as per (2) into an existing implementation method only ever create new methods IN THE TEST CLASS only ever create implementation classes to provide a destination for extracting a method created as per (4). populate implementation classes by doing move method from a test class into them refactor as required go to (1)
The exercise involved writing a piece of code to evaluate whether a stone in the Go game can be taken or not. The definition of whether a stone can be taken was given as it having only one ‘liberty', with liberties defined as free horizontal or vertical places adjacent to the stone. For example, the white stone in the picture below has two liberties (diagonals don't count) and it cannot be taken.
The picture above was the first example we had to implement. The rules were designed to strictly let the domain code evolve from the test code in baby steps, which I thought was the way I'm doing unit testing anyway, so it did not feel challenging at all. My first attempt started like this:
[Test] public void StoneHasTwoLibertiesIfTwoCornersAreCovered() { GoGrid grid=new GoGrid(3,3); grid.Place(1,1,Piece.WHITE);
Keith came over and said “Wow! Where did that GoGrid come from?” The rules of the workshop were that we had to let domain code evolve from the test code, and I tried to explain that the class doesn't yet exist and I'm using the test to drive it's design, so in my mind I was following the rules of the game but Keith was having none of it, so we had to delete that and start over. As we weren't allowed to use domain classes, even presumed domain classes, my next attempt was to store it in a char array and then possibly later move that out:
[Test] public void StoneHasTwoLibertiesIfTwoCornersAreCovered() { char grid[][]=new char[][]{ new char[]{' ', ' ', ' '}, new char[]{'B', 'W', ' '}, new char[]{' ', 'B', ' '}, } int liberties=0; for (int x=0; x<3; x++) //
Keith came over again and complained against that. At this point, I was a bit lost. I guess that my pair partner was lost as well. Keith kept asking why we were writing this code, I was explaining that I was describing the example that he gave but again he was not accepting it. Then we came to the point of what exactly we were testing and I said “well the test name says it – if the stone has two corners covered, its liberty is 2”, and Keith asked why haven't we specified that in the test rather than starting with a grid. So we changed the test to this:
[Test] public void StoneHasTwoLibertiesIfTwoCornersAreCovered() { int cornersCovered=2; int liberties=4- cornersCovered; Assert.AreEqual(2,liberties) }
Finally he seemed happy with this, but to me it looked plain silly. It was not any closer to the end goal and I was just testing subtraction. Encouraging us to stick with it for a while, Keith left to help others and we continued writing other examples. After a couple more similar cases implemented as tests, we were allowed to refactor and move the code to calculate liberties to a new method in the test class. Then we started implementing cases with groups of stones, and things sort of fell into place.
Operations on groups of stones would be a lot more complicated to handle with the grid directly. The exercise was pushing us towards a design that treated groups as a whole rather than individual pieces and not having the grid as a matrix of stones defined at all. Of course the same functionality can be implemented directly on a grid but it would mean much more code and it would be much more complex.
The exercise was very interesting, although I initially thought that it is silly and too simplistic. It showed me how much hidden assumptions can affect my work if I don't really try to express them and of course I fell into the classic trap of restating the problem and solving the restated problem first. I was thinking about something that I'll probably need in the future and jumping too much ahead instead of just focusing on the task that I really was supposed to solve.
My counter-argument is that in real projects, not in workshop labs, I would typically have a bigger chunk of requirements and domain explored and we would try out a few designs to see which one fits the problem space best before we started coding, so unit tests will be used to flesh out the APIs but the design ideas would probably be there in some form. Nevertheless, I think that it would be really interesting to try this technique out on a real project as well. According to Keith after the exercise, classes developed like this tend to have very little or no state, very little code and end up with methods with long parameter lists, coming much closer to the functional programming paradigm. The code ends up with lots of small classes.
BALMEDIE, Scotland — Donald Trump has revised his proposed ban on foreign Muslims, with spokeswoman Hope Hicks saying Saturday that the presumptive Republican presidential nominee only wants to ban Muslims from countries with heavy terrorism.
BALMEDIE, Scotland — Donald Trump has revised his proposed ban on foreign Muslims, with spokeswoman Hope Hicks saying Saturday that the presumptive Republican presidential nominee only wants to ban Muslims from countries with heavy terrorism.
Hicks said in an email that her boss took this new position — which is a dramatic scaling back of the position he first took in early December — during a policy speech nearly two weeks ago. In that speech, Trump did not mention Muslims and called for a temporary ban on "certain people coming from certain horrible — where you have tremendous terrorism in the world, you know what those places are." At the time, it appeared that Trump was expanding his ban to include more people, not limiting its scope.
The issue came up on Saturday as Trump gave reporters a tour of his golf course on Scotland's eastern coast. During one of four stops along the 18-hole course, a reporter asked Trump if his would be OK with a Muslim from Scotland coming into the United States and he said it "wouldn't bother me."
Afterward, Hicks said in an email that Trump's ban would now just apply to Muslims in terror states, but she would not confirm that the ban would not apply to non-Muslims from those countries or to Muslims living in peaceful countries.
This firm new position is a dramatic deviation from those Trump took on Dec. 7, when he called for "a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country's representatives can figure out what is going on." The next day Trump said the ban would be "temporary" and have a series of exceptions, including ones for dignitaries and athletes. More recently, Trump has said that the ban and all of his policy proposals are merely suggestions open to negotiation.
Even as Trump limits which Muslims would be included in the ban, he has continued to make religion the basis of the ban. In an interview on MSNBC's "Morning Joe" on Dec. 8, Trump said that customs agents or border guards would be charged with asking people: "Are you Muslim?" If the answer was "yes," then that person would not be allowed into the country, Trump said.
The golf course tour concluded Trump's two-day visit to Scotland. Although many of Trump's political events come together at the last minute, this event was perhaps his most disorganized yet. Reporters who traveled to the United Kingdom for Trump's two-day visit were told that Trump would possibly make a stop at his course near Aberdeen on Saturday — but as of late Friday night, it was still unclear if the event would occur or not. Reporters began arriving at the course early Saturday morning and hung out until Trump's helicopter landed at about 2:30 p.m.
There was no formal news conference. Instead, reporters were loaded into maintenance carts and driven around the course, chasing after Trump, who was driving a golf cart and pointing out attractions along the way. The caravan stopped four times so that Trump could answer questions from reporters.
When asked about the United Kingdom's decision to leave the European Union, which has dominated the news here and around the globe, Trump said the major change will not impact the United States "if it's done properly, if we had proper leadership." He slammed President Barck Obama for offering an opinion on the referendum, and he wouldn't comment on the renewed push for Scottish independence. Trump also told reporters that he plans to have dinner with Rupert Murdoch on Saturday night before flying home.
Three of the houses near Trump's course — which he has unsuccessfully tried to buy or seize — flew Mexican flags in protest of his visit and his controversial comments about illegal immigrants from Mexico. Before his helicopter landed, a handful of protesters snuck onto the grounds with their own Mexican flags.
There was no application process for reporters wanting to cover the event, and the campaign barred reporters who showed up from at least three news organizations: The Washington Post, the Guardian and BuzzFeed. The Post has been barred from every event Trump has held for about two weeks, but the Guardian and BuzzFeed were both allowed to cover a news conference Trump held on Friday at his golf resort on the other side of Scotland, Trump Turnberry.
Supporting the Rights of Sluts Not to be Raped
Dear Slutwalkers,
In support of your recent protests and assertion of your right to dress, act, and be as slutty as you damned well please while maintaining expectations of not being raped; I declare this to be Don't Rape a Slut Day. Further I pledge that I, a man who has not yet nor ever will rape anyone, will not rape any sluts today or any other day regardless of race, creed, amount of eye shadow, or color of lip gloss. I shall support your right to assemble herd, take no responsibility for your actions, drink yourselves to oblivion, degrade and demean yourselves, and commit public acts of debauchery in a rape free environment. I support these rights and encourage others to do the same despite the fact that by definition, the word “no” is used only rarely by anyone refers to herself as a slut. However, on those rare occasions when a member of your culture herd does make use of that word, I believe that she means it. I pledge to encourage others to do the same.
I can assure you that no slut faces any threat, in fantasy or reality, from me. Slutty attire and behavior does not turn me on. Therefore, even if I were a rapist (which I am not); I would not be inclined to rape a slut. In fact I would not be inclined to place my dick into a slut even if she had the last hole remaining on the planet.
However, regardless of my support for your right not to be raped; I must state emphatically that you have no right to demand I give you my respect. I reserve the right to give my respect only to those whom I actually deem worthy. I have no respect for sluts. You may take back the word if you like, but I do not see how you or anyone else can define a slut as meaning anything other than a dirty, slovenly, immoral, dissolute, or loose woman. I will, however, support your right to be as dirty, slovenly, immoral, dissolute, and/or loose as you wish. Though I do not respect you, I bear you no ill will.
In support of Don't Rape a Slut Day I have composed an anthem. Helen Reddy penned the original lyrics to sing about her newfound self-esteem after becoming involved in the women's movement. Since SlutWalks symbolize what the women's movement has become and has achieved for women, it should be sung to the same tune.
I AM SLUTTY
I am slutty, I'm a whore
Legs spread too wide to ignore
Laying flat up on my back waiting for you.
‘cause I've done it all before
And have the right to do it more
Just try and stop me if you think you can
Chorus
Oh yes I'm a slut
It's men I've got to blame
Yes, I've felt the shame
And I've soiled my good name
If I want to, I can fuck anything
I am loose
I'm irresponsible
I am slut-tee
My dress will make you want me
But you have no right to take me
Until I spread my legs for men across the land
I may cum but never go
You may think I'm just a ho
In these streets I will make my final stand
Repeat Chorus
Have an orgasmic Don't Rape a Slut Day.
A group of downtown Scottsdale merchants and homeowners associations are hoping Sheriff Joe Arpaio will help them rid the area of trash, noise and rude behavior from patrons of the entertainment district.
A number of merchants and homeowners gathered this week at Basic Training, in the Camelback & Miller Plaza shopping center, to voice their grievances and discuss strategy for protecting private property owners from surrounding clubs.
"We can do this, we can draw a line in the sand and save our community," said Bill Crawford, who owns Basic Training and is spearheading the effort. "We are not going to degrade our community and our businesses."
The group of merchants and homeowners associations plans to form a corporation with the Arizona Corporation Commission with the following goals:
-�To ensure law enforcement and code enforcement in the entertainment district.
-�To protect parking on private property.
-�To slow down the process of the Scottsdale City Council approving permits for more bars and clubs to open in the entertainment district.
"We're dealing with problems at the present time that totally overwhelm our community, and we're only about halfway into the planned bars that they want to bring in down here," Crawford said. "We have to be able to put conditions into the opening of more bars, and nothing else until the current problems are addressed so that there is compatibility."
The merchants did say there has been some improvement in the past two weeks since they have been dealing with the city as a group.
Crawford invited Arpaio to speak at the group's next meeting, set for June 9 at Basic Training. The sheriff has accepted the invitation and said he is looking forward to hearing what the merchants and homeowners have to say.
"I did talk to Mayor Jim Lane and I do have to give credit to the mayor and the Scottsdale Police Department . . . at least they're taking an interest in this," Arpaio said. "I'll decide in that meeting what action I will take. I do see cooperation in Scottsdale city government. And one of the good things about working together is having mutual respect and trying to resolve matters one way or the other."
If the merchants and homeowners have proof that the Scottsdale Police Department isn't doing its job, "that's something I'll listen to," he said.
At this week's meeting, numerous residents talked about how their businesses have been affected by patrons of nearby clubs. Liz Dawn, co-owner of Mishka Productions at Stetson Drive and Civic Center Plaza, said coming to her office on Monday morning can be a nightmare.
"There's trash all over our courtyard, people have defecated, urinated and thrown up," she said. "It's just a disaster zone. We pay for our parking spaces and sometimes we can't even get into our own parking spaces."
Dave Murray, general manager of the Hyatt Summerfield Suites at Drinkwater Boulevard and Indian School Road, said guests regularly complain about the loud noise coming from the bars that surround the hotel.
"We have refunds and we've seen in our guest satisfaction surveys that people will not return because of the noise in the Old Town area, and that's scary for us," he said.
Julie Hildebrand, owner of Textures salon in the Camelback & Miller Plaza, said patrons of nearby bars have regularly blocked off access to parking behind the center reserved for tenants.
"And we have a picnic table in the back, and when I come in on a Friday or Saturday morning, the people from over there who have been drinking have been using the table, so there are orange peels, banana peels and empty bottles," she said. "And there are three bushes over there and they use that to use the facilities. We don't go over there and pee on their area or their business, so have the common courtesy to do the same thing with us, with the surrounding businesspeople."
Crawford said he has a "tremendous investment" downtown, both as a business owner and a homeowner, and he and others' investments need to be protected.
Bungie and publisher Activision have not held back in talking up their upcoming console game Destiny, the former Halo developer's new IP that's labeled an ambitious "shared-world shooter." But can Destiny live up to the hype?
"We talked a big game last year. We were so excited to talk about our future. Now, it's time to deliver," Bungie said in the latest Weekly Update. "It's time to close this out in a way that we will all be proud of. We owe that to ourselves, and to our legacy. But most of all, we owe it to you."
Bungie invited a few dozen writers to its office last week to show off a pre-alpha version of Destiny, the studio said. "For you, that means the floodgates are about to burst wide open. You'll be hearing from them soon. They'll be loaded with shiny new assets. It will mark the beginning of your true introduction into the world of Destiny."
"We hope, more than anything, that you love what you have seen."
Destiny launches for Xbox 360, Xbox One, PlayStation 3, and PlayStation 4 on September 9. A beta for the game will begin this summer, first on PS3 and PS4. Activision has high hopes for Destiny, saying earlier this year that the game is expected to be the "best-selling new video game IP in history." The game is also expected to become Activision Publishing's third billion-dollar franchise, following Call of Duty and Skylanders.
In January of 1962 Ian Fleming began work on his 11th James Bond book, On Her Majesty's Secret Service. The previous year, Fleming had successfully sold the film rights to his novels to EON who would begin production on their first Bond film Dr. No starring Sean Connery in Jamaica not far from Fleming's Goldeneye estate. Fleming had anticipated the commercial failure of his previous Bond novel, The Spy Who Loved Me (an experiment that entailed Fleming writing the entire novel in the first person from a female perspective), and decided to return Bond to his roots with this latest effort. Indeed, Bond begins the novel at the French seaside Casino resort Royale –les-Eaux, which served as the setting for the very first Bond novel, Casino Royale. Here, Bond encounters a woman about to commit suicide. He had previously saved her from disgrace at the casino where she nearly welched on a bet at the Chemin De Fer table until Bond nobly stepped in to cover her debt. Now, he found himself by the shore preventing Tracy from drowning herself only to be captured and taken hostage by mysterious men who had been following the two of them all along. From the very beginning of the novel, Fleming re-positions this latest Bond adventure using some of the very elements that had made Bond successful in the first place. There's a gambling scene, a woman, and the presence of danger – all the elements that had made the earlier Bond novels such successful thrillers. While on the surface it may appear as if Fleming was playing it safe to recover from the commercial failure of The Spy Who Loved Me “experiment,” as one reads the novel, it soon becomes clear that for this adventure Fleming's inspiration had been renewed. While all the familiar elements of Bond would be present, Fleming found new ways to take risks and thrill readers once again with his fictional hero.
Fleming weaves together an intriguing plot for Bond to navigate through for this adventure. Ernst Stavro Blofeld had been introduced in Thunderball as the mastermind of SPECTRE (Special Executive for Counter-Intelligence, Terrorism, Revenge, and Extortion), an independent criminal organization with no specific state sponsored alliance comprised of previous members of SMERSH, the Italian mafia, the Gestapo, and the Chinese Tongs. The organization had previously attempted to hold the western powers to ransom by stealing a couple of atomic missiles until Bond thwarted their plans in Operation Thunderball. Since then, Bond had been charged with pursuing any leads to SPECTRE and specifically with bringing in its leader, Blofeld. Bond begins the novel frustrated with his assignment to the point where he contemplates resigning from the British Secret Service altogether. It then that he encounters Tracy and becomes transfixed on her after she had daringly driven passed Bond in her vehicle. The attraction to Tracy is instantaneous, however, he soon finds that she is connected to one of the most dangerous French criminals. She turns out to be the daughter of Marc-Ange Draco, a capu in the French criminal organization, the Union Corse. It was his men who captured Bond near the shore at the beginning of the novel.
Draco explains his actions to Bond as resulting from concern over his daughter. He genuinely extends his hand to Bond in friendship and implores Bond to marry Tracy so that Tracy might have a man to look after her. This obviously sounds fairly politically incorrect for today, but Draco details Tracy's story as a heartbreaking tale explaining why his daughter had become prone to depression and attempts at suicide. Tracy's mother had been dead for ten years, and Draco had sent his daughter to Switzerland to finish her education where she soon fell in with the wrong crowd becoming prone to “scrapes and scandals.” Draco continues,
“ … as I now see it, the worm of self-destruction had somehow got hold inside her and, behind the wild, playgirl facade, was eating away what I can only describe as her soul . . . You know that this can happen, my friend, to men and to women. They burn the heart out of themselves by living too greedily, and suddenly they examine their lives and see that they are worthless. They have had everything, eaten all the sweets of life at one great banquet, and there is nothing left. . . She went off without telling me, and married, perhaps with the idea of settling down. But the man, a worthless Italian called Vincenzo, Count Julio Vincenzo, took as much of her money as he could lay his hands on and deserted her, leaving her with a girl child. . . And then, my friend, six months ago the baby died – died of that most terrible of all children's ailments, spinal meningitis.”
This explains the self-destructive pattern that Bond had observed in Tracy before. One can imagine that if Fleming had continued his “experiment” from The Spy Who Loved Me that there might be enough in Tracy's woeful tale for Fleming to have tried to construct the novel from her point of view. There is no evidence that Fleming ever considered this, and everything we do learn about Tracy is usually from either the perspective of her father, Bond, or the narrator. For that reason, Tracy is a bit elusive as a character. We certainly can ascertain much of her personality from the events of the book, but compared to other women in the Bond series she's more intangible.
Despite Draco's generous offers, Bond initially declines to marry Tracy. Instead, he offers to briefly look after her before going off to his next destination. In exchange, however, Draco gives Bond some vital information regarding the whereabouts of Blofeld. Bond learns that Blofeld is in Switzerland, and further investigation concludes that Blofeld had been in contact with the College of Arms investigating his claim to a title of nobility. This is where Fleming's research into the subject of heraldry and genealogy comes into play and where Fleming gives Blofeld his Achilles heel. As far back as 1960, Fleming had commissioned Robin de La Lanne-Mirrlees from the actual College of Arms to investigate possible family background origins for both Bond and Blofeld to include in a novel. Before Sean Connery was ever considered for the role of James Bond, Fleming had been inclined to find a way to incorporate a Scottish origin for Bond. While Mirrlees failed to find an appropriate real life Scottish bloodline for Bond, he did find a family motto that Fleming would use for Bond that happened to fit the very credo of the character, “The World is Not Enough.” For Blofeld, Mirrlees found several variations of the name and suggested that a physical trait be used by Fleming as a marker to identify the link to his ancestry, which became the lack of earlobes.
Bond therefore goes undercover as a representative from the College of Arms to supposedly help Blofeld validate his claim to the title of Count. The pretense used to arrange his meeting with Blofeld would be that the representative, a Sir Hilary Bray, needed visual confirmation of this physical characteristic in Blofeld in order for the research to continue. Essentially, Bond appeals to Blofeld's vanity, which is a theme that continues throughout the book. The object is to convince Blofeld to leave his hideout in the Swiss Alps on the pretense of validating his claim to a noble title so that he can be apprehended somewhere where the British Secret Service could get to him.
For the setting of Blofeld's stronghold, Fleming introduces us to the remote location of Piz Gloria, which was in fact an amalgam of various locations including the Sphinx Observatory at Jungfraugoch, Kitzbuhel in Austria, and Schloss Mittersill, a sports resort located in the Alps near St. Moritz where Fleming had previously gone skiing on family holidays. Fleming actually based one of the most memorable sequences in the book, Bond's escape from Piz Gloria skiing away from an avalanche, upon his own experience when he had once gone down a slope in Kitzbuhel that had been closed due to possibility of an avalanche.
Bond is able to fool Blofeld by appealing to Blofeld's vanity regarding his ancestry long enough to scope out part of Blofeld's plot. This is where suspension of disbelief is needed. Blofeld happens to have gathered a group of simple women under the guise of scientific research to cure their allergies. In reality, Blofeld wants to conduct biological warfare by hypnotizing these women into poisoning England's agriculture. Blofeld's plot isn't sussed out until after Bond's daring escape, but it is perhaps the one part of the novel that seems far-fetched although Fleming does attempt to ground it in reality despite the fantastical nature of the villain's scheme.
Fleming takes a bold leap with Bond in this novel, however, by giving Bond the genuine desire to settle down and marry Tracy once he's reunited with her. Tracy saves Bond's life by helping Bond get away from Blofeld's men after Bond had just narrowly escaped the avalanche at Piz Gloria. With Blofeld's men on his tail, it would have been only a matter of time until Bond would have been discovered if it wasn't for Tracy helping to disguise Bond and drive him away from danger in her vehicle. This is one occasion where the Bond girl gets to do more than just be a damsel in distress. It is Tracy who drives the getaway vehicle and Tracy who risks her own life to get Bond to safety. In a move considered daring for a Bond story, Bond proposes marriage to Tracy:
“Bond suddenly thought, Hell! I'll never find another girl like this one. She's got everything I've looked for in a woman, She's beautiful, in bed and out. She's adventurous, brave, resourceful. She's exciting always. She seems to love me. . . . Above all, she needs me. It'll be someone for me to look after. I'm fed up with all these untidy, casual affairs that leave me with bad conscience. I wouldn't mind having children. . . We're two of a pair, really. Why not make it for always? . . . Bond found his voice saying those words that he had never said in his life before, never expected to say. ‘Tracy. I love you. Will you marry me?'”
It's curious that the line about “untidy, casual affairs” recalls the words of Vivienne Michel in the very first paragraph of The Spy Who Loved Me. Had Fleming decided to give Bond a touch of femininity? Perhaps the mindset of the character that Fleming explored in Vivienne Michel was a mindset that Fleming had desired to instill in Bond. Like Vivienne Michel, Bond had indeed become unsatisfied with his love life and now desired something more solid, a real partner for life. This he found in Tracy.
Before taking the plunge into marriage, Bond was determined to capture Blofeld. He visits Draco asking for his help in the matter as well as for his daughter's hand in marriage. Draco assembles his men to help Bond invade Piz Gloria by helicopter. Fleming actually avoids giving many details of the actual fight between Draco's men and Blofeld's henchmen and instead gives the readers the final thrill of Bond's pursuit of Blofeld down a dangerous bobsled run. The climax is very thrilling and the fact that Blofeld gets away as the resort of Piz Gloria explodes in the background lends eeriness to the prospect of Bond's wedding. The ending of the novel is undoubtedly the most haunting of all of Fleming's books. Tracy gets shot by Blofeld and his henchwoman, Irma Bunt, shortly after the banquet while driving herself and Bond to their honeymoon. Heartbroken, Bond could only respond by telling the young man who approached them:
“'It's all right.' He said in a clear voice as if explaining something to a child. ‘It's quite all right. She's having a rest. We'll be going on soon. There's no hurry. You see' – Bond's head sank down against hers and he whispered into her hair – ‘you see, we've got all the time in the world.'”
Fleming captured the totality of Bond's heartbreak with that final sentiment. It could be interpreted in various ways, but I think the meaning I get from it is that Bond knows his fate as a loner is sealed. The brief interlude with Tracy and the notion that he could have a family life had been a fantasy that he desperately clung to. In her final moments, he did not want to let Tracy go. He wanted that life that he imagined he'd have with her and he knows that the moment these first responders burst in and take her, their life together will be gone. It's probably the most poignant and emotional moment in the entire series.
Fleming later went on to say, “Well, James Bond couldn't really be married. I can't have him settling down. His wife would be irritated with his constantly going abroad, she'd want to change his way of life, his friends, and Bond would worry about the measles epidemic back home and his own faithfulness and – no it can't be done.”
Only for a brief time, Fleming let Bond do what he would seemingly never do – marry a woman he loves. Much is said about the character of Tracy being inspired by Fleming's girlfriend during the war, Muriel Wright. Wright, a naval dispatch rider and air warden, had been involved with Fleming in a long relationship. By most accounts Fleming treated her poorly seeing other women, which had bothered her family. Muriel Wright was killed in an air raid in March of 1944. It was Ian Fleming who would later identify her body, an experience that seems to have echoed in the ending of On Her Majesty's Secret Service.
I highly recommend to anyone interested in reading the Fleming novels that they read On Her Majesty's Secret Service. While the resulting film of the same name is very faithful to the book in spirit, the novel provides its own very thrilling experience from beginning to end. The artistry of Ian Fleming is on full display here and I believe that it stands alongside Casino Royale and From Russia with Love as among Fleming's best work. The word “masterpiece” has a tendency to be overused today, but I believe the word most definitely applies to Fleming's novel On Her Majesty's Secret Service.
Here's the ending of the 1969 film from youtube for anyone who wants to view it:
Sources
Fleming, Ian On Her Majesty's Secret Service. Jonathan Cape, 1963 Helfenstein, Charles The Making of On Her Majesty's Secret Service. Spies LLC, 2009 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/On_Her_Majesty%27s_Secret_Service_%28novel%29 http://blog.bookstellyouwhy.com/muriel-wright-ian-fleming-james-bond-girls http://spartacus-educational.com/2WWwrightM2.htm
Advertisements
… may be writing about what it is like to be a scientist.
I just finished listening to Alex & Me: How a Scientist and a Parrot Uncovered a Hidden World of Animal Intelligence as a book on tape.
A 10-year-old girl might hear the story about Irene Pepperberg's 30 years with Alex, an African Grey parrot, and think “I wonder if it would be nice to do important research with a remarkably intelligent and friendly bird.”
A 20-year-old woman hearing the story might be more inclined to ask “Would I like to be divorced, childless, working seven days/week, 12 hours/day, and starting my first ‘real job' at age 40?” or “Would I like to be in my 50s without a secure income, eating tofu and keeping the winter thermostat at 57?”
Pepperberg is one of the world's more successful scientists. Because scientists and philosophers are so chauvinistic about humans, there was a lot of received wisdom in Academia about what animals could and could not do. Pepperberg laboriously demonstrated that Alex the parrot was capable of some fairly sophisticated thought and language. Most of her findings, however, wouldn't have been news to a preliterate tribesman living with parrots 4000 years ago.
Pepperberg chronicles her career scrounging for jobs, begging for money (most often refused), and working with colleagues who are unintelligent, dogmatic, petty, and spiteful (except at the MIT Media Lab, which was the Promised Land for her until they ran out of money). Pepperberg endures the hardships of graduate school in chemistry and the peripatetic life of a young would-be academic. Right about the age when a New York City employee or Boston bus driver would be contemplating retirement, she finally gets a tenure-track job at the University of Arizona, only to discover that she dislikes her colleagues.
When a grant is denied or a lab runs out of money, Pepperberg is reduced to penury, apparently having no savings. Her total lifetime earnings are probably less than what a top radiologist would earn in two years.
Perhaps Barack Obama read this book before he recommended science as a career for people other than himself and his family.
More: my old women in science article.
, who was part of three national championships and six Southern Conference titles as a player and coach at Appalachian State University, has returned to Appalachian as assistant head coach, offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach, ASU head coachannounced on Wednesday.Satterfield, who spent 15 seasons at ASU as a player (1992-95) and coach (1998-2008), returns after three years away from his alma mater. He left Appalachian to be the passing game coordinator and quarterbacks coach at Toledo in 2009 before spending the last two seasons as the offensive coordinator at Florida International. He is the first coach to hold the title of assistant head coach in Moore's 23 years at Appalachian and the Mountaineers' first official offensive coordinator sinceheld the title from 1989-2002.In Satterfield's only season at Toledo, the Rockets ranked 20th nationally in passing (278.5 yards per game) and 14th in total offense (438.3 ypg), averages that were 89 and 104 yards better than the season prior to his arrival. In two seasons at Florida International, Satterfield helped lead the Golden Panthers to the first two bowl appearances in school history, including a victory over Toledo in the 2010 Little Ceasars Bowl. After going 3-9 and averaging 321 yards of offense the year prior to his arrival, FIU won 15 games and averaged 380 yards in Satterfield's two seasons as offensive coordinator.Prior to his three seasons in the NCAA Division I FBS ranks, Satterfield spent the first 11 seasons of his coaching career at Appalachian, mentoring the Mountaineers' wide receivers (1998), running backs (1999-2002) and quarterbacks (2003-08). He was an integral part of ASU's transition from a power-I to a spread offense in 2004 and the five record-setting offensive campaigns that followed. With Satterfield serving as the Mountaineers' primary play-caller, Appalachian ranked among the nation's top 20 in the five major offensive statistical categories (scoring, rushing, passing, passing efficiency and total offense) 17 out of a possible 25 times from 2004-08, highlighted by an explosive 2007 campaign when ASU led the nation with a school-record 488.3 yards of total offense per game.As Appalachian's quarterbacks coach, Satterfield also oversaw the development of the most prolific signal-callers in school history —and, coaching both to all-America recognition and being Edwards' mentor for the first of his back-to-back Walter Payton Awards (NCAA Division I FCS Player of the Year in 2008). Prior to coaching the Mountaineers' quarterbacks, Satterfield also mentored a 1,000-yard rusher (— 2001) and the 11th-leading rusher in school history (— 2000-02).As a player at ASU, Satterfield made 27 starts at quarterback from 1992-95. He earned first-team all-conference recognition as a senior in 1995 after passing for 1,461 yards and rushing for 649 more to help lead the Mountaineers to the only undefeated, untied regular season in school history (11-0) and a 12-1 final record.“I'm very excited that Scott is coming back to Appalachian,” Moore said. “We haven't had an offensive coordinator here in quite some time but I feel comfortable with Scott in that role. He was a terrific player and a terrific coach here for 15 years and his experience at Toldeo and Florida International has made him an even better coach today than he was when he left three years ago. In addition to him being a great coach, he is an even better man and leader of young men, on and off the field. It is great to have Scott, Beth, Bryce, Isaac and Alli back at ASU.”“My family and I are thrilled for the opportunity to come back home to Appalachian,” Satterfield said. “I am extremely excited to start working with our 2012 team.”Satterfield, 39, is married to the former Beth Burleson, who, as Appalachian's women's track and field MVP in 1995, won SoCon titles in the 55-meter and 400-meter hurdles and was a member of ASU's conference-championship 4x400-meter relay team. The couple has two sons (Bryce and Isaac) and a daughter (Alli).
When Joanne Calderwood stepped into her fight against Valerie Letourneau in June it was like walking out into the light after being mired in the shadows for almost her entire UFC career.
Calderwood was 2-1 in the UFC when she accepted the bout against the former title contender, but her record may as well have been 0-0 after getting a fresh start in both her personal and professional life ahead of the showdown with Letourneau.
The Scottish strawweight made a backwards walk away from her former head coach — a relationship that was as much personal as it was professional — and she made the decision to move to Montreal for her training camp where she began working with head coach Firas Zahabi and his team at Tri-Star.
Article continues below ...
It took less than three rounds for Calderwood to pick Letourneau apart on the feet and finish her with a vicious striking combination — something strawweight queen Joanna Jedrzejczyk couldn't do just one fight earlier.
With her hand raised in the air, Calderwood was smiling from ear to ear but it wasn't just about the victory over Letourneau. It was as much about finally putting the past behind her and nothing signifies a fresh start for a fighter like an impressive win over a top notch opponent.
“I was in a good place and I enjoyed myself in there. Fighting's so crazy, there's so much that goes into it. It's not just you're going in there and putting in all the training hours. A lot of it's mental and I just couldn't get that part right, especially with me not being happy outside of life,” Calderwood told FOX Sports. “I tried to push my whole self and just focus on fighting and I couldn't do it. So I did have to take a step back and say right OK if that's not working, I need to look at what's going on.
“I figured a few things out. It was definitely my mentality and me not being happy. I concentrated on getting back to doing this kind of as a hobby and enjoying it. I started learning again and moving to Tri-Star, I started picking up new techniques and that's what I love to do. I kind of grew back in love with the sport and not my whole life was the sport.”
The victory was therapeutic in some way because with each punch Calderwood landed it was if she was knocking down the wall that stood between potential and reality.
In the aftermath of the win, Calderwood finally understood something a coach of hers had told her while training in Iceland a couple of years ago. It wasn't exactly a Tony Robbins motivational speech, but it was simple advice that made sense when Calderwood finally lived it.
If there was one negative moment that got overblown after the fight was over it was Calderwood taking to Instagram to share her dismay about being passed over for a 'Performance of the Night' bonus that would have netted her an extra $50,000.
She tagged the post with the words “broke as hell” and even had a matching hat on her head while lamenting about not getting the bonus after a jaw dropping performance against a former title contender like Letourneau.
“That whole post kind of got blown out of proportion,” Calderwood explained. “I wasn't having a dig at anyone. I was just a bit annoyed because I had got 'Performance of the Night' in Glasgow and I felt like my performance on that night wasn't as good as what I had done to Valerie (Letourneau) and my technique was perfect.”
Whether she meant to get attention with the post or not, Calderwood heard from UFC president Dana White just days later as he promised to get her a bonus and a brand-new contract, which would also pay her a lot more money.
And instantly the smile crept back across her face.
“They did (send me the bonus), I just got it a few weeks ago. I was really thankful for that,” Calderwood said. “I got a new contract and I got my bonus so I'm happy.”
With money in her back account and a win over a top ranked opponent, Calderwood was joyous but far from satisfied. The victory moved her up the strawweight rankings, but not the place where she wanted to be when first signing with the UFC in 2014.
So when matchmaker Sean Shelby came calling to ask her to fight at UFC 203 in Cleveland, Calderwood originally asked for either former champion Carla Esparza or top five ranked strawweight Tecia Torres but instead she was given Jessica Andrade.
The fiery Brazilian had just recently made her debut at 115 pounds where she laid waste to former title contender Jessica Penne with a vicious knockout and a fight with Calderwood had fireworks written all over it.
“Her fight against Jessica Penne was really, really good,” Calderwood explained. “She was very aggressive and she basically punched the (expletive) out of Jessica, but I wouldn't put Jessica (Penne) as a striker. She's more of a jiu-jitsu girl and I watched that fight a few weeks ago and she's definitely not going to have her way with me how she had her way with Jessica.
“I think that Jessica's style, she's more of a bully. As long as I go in and perform and take all my tools with me, she's going to have a tough fight ahead of her. Mentally, I'm thinking about her steam rolling me or trying to take me down, but I'm keeping my options opened and I'm taking all of my tools in there with me and ready for anything.”
Ready for anything.
Those are words Calderwood may have struggled to utter a year ago without a hint of false narrative dripping from her lips but now she says it with confidence and conviction.
Calderwood will now walk into her second straight fight with a clear head and a smile tucked behind the steely glare that will greet Andrade when they finally step into the Octagon together on Saturday night.
“I'm always trying to work hard and this is what I love doing,” Calderwood said. “It's just for that one night and you want to put on a performance and make everybody happy with the fight.”
One of the coaches at Mjolnir in Iceland told me last year — he said you have to happy. Because a happy fighter is a dangerous fighter. I definitely think I'm happy. I know that I'm dangerous. I just need to get the right balance. — Joanne Calderwood
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Pedro Sanchez had refused to make a deal
The leader of Spain's opposition Socialists, Pedro Sanchez, has resigned, in a move that could end months of political deadlock.
Mr Sanchez stood down after losing a vote by the party's federal committee over supporting the formation of a conservative-led governing coalition - a move he had strongly opposed.
The past week had already seen almost half of the party's executive resign.
Spain has been in a political limbo for the past nine months.
The results of a general election in December 2015 left a hung parliament. The majority Popular Party (PP) under acting Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has sought to form a coalition government but Mr Sanchez repeatedly blocked their attempts.
In attempt to break the stalemate, a second election was held on 26 June 2016 but, again, no party won an absolute majority.
The Socialist Party (PSOE) has long been divided between supporters of Mr Sanchez and those who want to end the stalemate by supporting a coalition.
Many delegates at Saturday's federal committee meeting at party headquarters in Madrid had turned up hoping to force Mr Sanchez out.
On Wednesday, 17 of the 35 members of the PSOE executive resigned in protest at Mr Sanchez's stance.
Despite the U.S. Trade Representative's concerted efforts to push through a deal, the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement (TPP) will not be completed by the self-imposed deadline of the end of this year. That announcement, made in Singapore today at a closed press conference, is welcome: the U.S. Trade Representative's accelerated timeline has served as yet another means of restricting transparency, and a key pressure point in its campaign to get the U.S. Congress to abdicate its oversight role by granting "fast track authority." If you're in the U.S., you can contact your legislators and tell them to oppose that effort.
The closed press conference itself was representative of the needless secrecy surrounding the negotiation of this agreement. While the TPP ministers laid out the new timeline and opened the floor to questions, public interest groups were limited to the lobby of the building—not even allowed to stand in the back of the room and watch.
Of course, the announcement also comes just days after a leaked document showed major rifts in the positions of different countries and highlighted a number of substantive proposals where the United States has failed to secure international support for its stances. The TPP ministers announced "substantial progress" in the agreement, but no firm explanation of how the situation had changed since the release of those documents.
Without such an explanation, the public continues to rely on leaks to get important information about the agreement. And while they have been very helpful, leaks are no substitute for transparency. With both this most recent and earlier disclosures—such as the WikiLeaks publication last month of an entire draft proposal for the chapter titled "Intellectual Property"—the public gets just a snapshot, which may be out of date and incomplete.
There is one surefire way for negotiating countries to eliminate these leaks. They could simply release these documents, which are, after all, being negotiated in the public's name. Instead, the public has gotten glances only through the efforts of whistleblowers and groups like WikiLeaks. Even absent substantive complaints about the text—which are many—the completely opaque negotiation process is enough to strip the agreement of its legitimacy.
For the U.S. Trade Representative to ask for fast track authority against that backdrop is audacious, and for Congress to even consider it is irresponsible. Even without public text, the pushback against this agreement has been overwhelming. In just the past week we've seen Chilean legislators demanding their government provide more transparency to negotiations, Nobel prize-winning economist Joseph Stiglitz raise 12 "grave risks" presented by the leaked chapter, and even the Holy See take a stance against the policy-laundering associated with opaque multinational agreements.
Efforts to rush the agreement to completion despite those complaints are misguided at best, so it's a good thing that those efforts have stalled for the time being. But any reprieve is likely to be short, and in the new year negotiators are likely to ramp up the pressure.
The U.S. Trade Representative has been negotiating as if it already had fast track authority; our best hope in the U.S. of getting some oversight for this agreement is to ensure it doesn't get it. Contact your legislators today and tell them: no fast track authority for shady backroom deals.
Shamik Das looks back at the week's politics, including our progressive, regressive and evidence of the week.
.
To receive Look Left in your inbox before it appears on the website, sign up to the Left Foot Forward email service
• The IMF downgraded its UK growth forecast again this week – warning UK economic policy must change or face permanent damage.
Forecasting growth of just 0.2 per cent this year, it was the third IMF downgrade in under a year, having previously forecast 0.8% growth in April 2012, 1.6% in September 2011, and 2.3% in April 2011.
Issuing a stark warning to the George Osborne, it said current economic policy in the UK will not be able to “absorb significant slack in the economy” – remarks seized upon by Ed Balls as further vindication of his repeated calls for a Plan B.
This week's downgrade and comments are the latest in a long line of reports, briefings and articles from the IMF urging action to reverse the slump and warning the government's policies are damaging the recovery.
See here for more examples of recent IMF criticism, and read about how the economic downturn is hurting David Cameron's poll ratings here and here. This week saw Labour take its biggest Ipsos Mori monthly poll lead for five years.
This week's most read:
• So what, then, should be done (or definitely not done) to fix the economy?
Here's what not to do: more spending cuts, paid for with tax cuts for business and top rate taxpayers; further labour market deregulation; and suspending the Climate Change Act – solutions proposed by City AM's Allister Heath.
As Will Straw wrote, these policies will fail:
“Britain's double dip recession should be proof, if ever it were ever needed, that ‘expansionary fiscal contraction' does not work. The rapid pace of spending cuts has been a contributing factor to Britain's economic decline and increased borrowing… “Cutting taxes, regulations and Britain's decarbonisation will cause plenty of pain and very little gain.”
And there was further evidence this week of the pain already being felt, with the latest labour market statistics, though showing a slight fall in unemployment, bringing bad news on youth unemployment and women's unemployment.
• Mitt Romney came under renewed scrutiny this week over his financial affairs.
As Left Foot Forward revealed on Tuesday, a Parliamentary Early Day Motion has been tabled calling on Barclays senior staff to stop fundraising for the Republican Presidential candidate. He is due to speak in London at a $75,000 per head fundraiser on the eve of the Olympics which has been organised by senior figures at Barclays.
As co-sponsor of the EDM, Grahame Morris MP, told Left Foot Forward:
“Barclays executives have had their eyes off the ball for too long now. They must now stop fundraising for US Republican candidates and start rebuilding public confidence in the banking system here in the UK which they have done so much harm to. “Parliament must send a strong message to these banking elites that it is no longer business as usual. Politicians are expressing the outrage felt by the ordinary people we represent.”
See our report here for more, and see here for our report on Patrick Durkin, a registered Barclays lobbyist who is co-hosting Romney's London fundraiser, who raised $184,000 for Mitt Romney from April to June alone. Romney has pledged to repeal the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (pdf) if elected.
Back in the States, meanwhile, it is Romney's tax affairs that have come under attack – see The World Outside Westminster below for more, and see our report here from January on moves by Parliamentarians to have Romney's tax haven closed.
Progressive of the week:
Ofsted chief Sir Michael Wilshaw, who this week slapped down Michael Gove's plans to reintroduce a two-tier education system, saying he favours the current single-tier system. The Chief Inspector of Schools is the latest expert to dismiss the education secretary's ideas, which have very little support.
See here for more.
Regressives of the week:
Republicans Mick Huckabee and Michele Bachman, who this week did their best to repel decent people from the GOP with, respectively, a bit of homophobia and a bit more Islamophobia.
Huckabee, one-time candidate for the Republican Presidential nomination, had agreed with a caller to his radio show that part of the definition of “homosexual” is molesting children, while Bachman, egged on by former Fox News loudmouth Glenn Beck, accused Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's deputy chief of staff, Huma Abedin, of working on behalf of the Muslim Brotherhood.
See here for more.
Evidence of the week:
The “Seeing through British pensions – How to increase cost transparency in UK pension schemes” report (pdf) by the RSA, which revealed the hidden fees that are halving the value of UK pensions. The report highlights the need for a radical shake up of the way in which the pensions industry works.
The RSA's year-long study showed how pension savers are being misled about the hidden costs and charges they have to pay; these charges can halve the value of a typical pension – a 2 per cent charge a year doesn't sound like much, but over the lifetime of a pension it reduces the pot by more than 50%.
See here for more.
The Week Outside Westminster by Ed Jacobs:
Scotland
It was another bad week for Alex Salmond's campaign for independence.
The first minister found former SNP leader Gordon Wilson and his own adviser on a referendum, Stephen Tierney, speaking out against any idea of a second option being on the ballot paper in 2014.
With the party leadership also pledging a vote at the party's conference in October over u-turning on their anti-NATO stance, questions began to be asked about whether the SNP's radical edge was being dented, Allan Massie observing in the Scotsman:
“What we are seeing is a conflict in the Nationalist camp between the pragmatists and the idealists… “A few months ago there were doubts about the unity of the ‘Better Together' or ‘No' campaign, made up of members of three parties and no party. Now it is the ‘Yes Scotland' campaign that looks more divided. “By seeking to make independence more palatable to the uncommitted, the SNP leadership risks losing the whole-hearted support of the true believers. They're not for turning, but the Laddie is – and they don't like it.”
Meanwhile, as Scotland formally entered a double dip recession, fuelled by a construction sector slump, there was a widespread belief it is Westminster that holds the keys to Scottish growth. See our report here for more, and see here for the latest on Salmond's tribulations over gay marriage.
Wales
As Left Foot Forward reported on Friday, Plaid Cymru faced internal discipline troubles.
While Plaid leader Leanne Wood sought to keep attention focused on the economy with the establishment of the party's economic commission, former Plaid chief and Assembly Presiding Officer, Lord Dafydd Elis-Thomas, temporarily had the whip removed from him for failing to turn up for a no confidence vote in the health minister.
Stating he had to attend graduation ceremonies at Bangor University – at which he is Chancellor – he went on to attack the party leadership, telling S4C:
“Plaid has put itself in a position of being the supporting cast to a play which was produced by the Welsh Conservatives, and that gets under my skin.”
Analysing the situation, the BBC's Wales Political Editor, Betsan Powys, wrote:
“If Dafydd Elis-Thomas stayed away from the Assembly for the no-confidence vote in health minister Lesley Griffiths, he had good reason because he has a role to play at Bangor University. He takes it seriously. “Had he simply stayed away, perhaps the party would not have done anything. But once he talked to the BBC in the terms he did then he knew the party would have to act. “He stayed away with the backing of his local party and they, therefore, are sticking by him. But there are increasing questions about whether he may be more comfortable out in the open as an independent assembly member who could vote whichever way he wanted.”
Polling by ICM for the Silk Commission into the future of Welsh Devolution, meanwhile, saw widespread public support for the Welsh government and Assembly taking on responsibility for setting major taxes currently decided by Westminster and being given the opportunity to borrow for investment.
Northern Ireland
With MLAs having packed their buckets and spades for the summer break, the first and deputy first ministers announced progress on a number of major policy areas.
These included agreement on the appointment of a new victim's commissioner; plans for an investment strategy; and proposals to meet other party leaders in September to complete progress towards a cohesion, sharing and integration strategy.
Protesting at the manner of the announcements, however, the Ulster Unionists pledged to withdraw from Stormont's cohesion, sharing and integration strategy group, UUP deputy leader John McCallister saying:
“The timing and manner of the announcement by the first and deputy first minister demonstrates clearly the contempt they hold for the political process. They are not interested in inclusive politics, they have forgotten the hard lessons of the peace process and they have demonstrated that their approach to a shared future is disingenuous. “There is no point in carrying on discussions in such an environment. Only if all parties are actively engaged can genuine agreement be reached. By announcing their statement in the middle of the holiday season they demonstrate clearly their disdain for the democratic process and the rather low value they place on the opinion of others.”
Finally this week, as figures pointed to unemployment having risen to 6.9%, Northern Bank chief economist Angela McGowan delivered an ominous warning.
Arguing high public sector employment in Northern Ireland had traditionally been a buffer, she said:
“That safety blanket could rapidly erode if the UK coalition government does not up its game when it comes to pulling the UK economy out of the current double-dip… Northern Bank forecasts suggest that unemployment in the local economy will peak at almost 64,000 claimants next year.”
The World Outside Westminster by Tom Rouse:
The Romney campaign continues to come under fire for its candidate's loose approach to paying and declaring taxes.
What will worry the campaign is that in the last week, senior figures in the GOP have joined the calls for Romney to release full, detailed tax returns for the last year. This scrutiny of his taxes has been matched by questions about his relationship with Bain Capital and in particular what role he played within the company while he was running for Governor.
He has repeatedly used his record with Bain to show he is a job creator and knows how to boost a flagging economy. But in the early 2000s, Bain was far more associated with the outsourcing of jobs to other countries.
Romney denies any involvement in this and claims he was no longer part of the day-to-day running of the company, however records from the time show Romney was continuing to claim he was an integral part of the company.
***
Despite this, the polls continue to show little change.
Obama and Romney continue to see their ratings fluctuate up or down by a point; the negative attacks launched by both sides seem to have had little effect so far, with observers expecting the election to be a referendum on Obama and in particular his handling of the economy.
This means the President's personal ratings are just as important at this stage as head-to-head polling. His current Gallup approval rating is -2, which has been relatively unchanged over recent weeks.
However, Obama will be concerned by Gallup's survey of economic confidence, which suggests there has been an ongoing decline in the public's confidence in the state of the economy.
***
Supporters of the Arab Spring uprisings were given a boost by the success of free and fair elections in Libya.
It is not yet clear who will form a government in Libya due to the nature of the electoral system, where 120 of the country's 200 parliamentary seats are reserved for independents and political parties are only allowed to compete for the remaining 80.
However, the election process and what it signals has been praised by outside observers, NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen pleased with the events of the last week, saying they were part of an impressive step forward for the country.
He said:
“I congratulate the Libyan people on the announcement of the results of the first election held across the country in almost half a century. This election marks an impressive step forward in Libya's transition to democracy, after over forty years of dictatorship.”
***
The positive signals coming out of Libya puts the reluctance of the international community to act over Syria ever more firmly under the spotlight.
The past week has seen a series of massacres by government troops and retaliation by rebel forces, but Russia and China continue to veto any proposals which are put before the UN Security Council.
Three of President Assad's inner circle, including his brother in law Assef Shawkat, were killed in a bomb attack by Rebel forces on Wednesday. This latest action has forced the beleaguered dictator to retreat from the capital to plot his response and led Cameron to call on the Syrian leader to recognise it was time to go.
As Left Foot Forward reported on Friday, the prospect of the imminent downfall of Assad has brought hope to the millions suffering under his tyranny, one tweeting:
“Last Ramadan i was making dua'a for the demise of Hosny Mubarak. This Ramadan I pray for the same for Bashar al Assad.”
***
Finally, this week, back to the US – and the latest shooting tragedy.
For Columbine 1999 and Virginia Tech 2007 read Aurora, Colorado, July 20th, 2012.
Twelve people were killed – the youngest six-year-old Veronica Moser – and 58 injured (including a three-month-old baby) when a gunman burst into a midnight screening of Dark Knight Rises, setting off gas canisters before firing into the crowd.
The tragedy once again reopened the debate on gun control in the States, with New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg saying it was time for Barack Obama and Mitt Romney to “look in the mirror” and follow their convictions, adding:
“Soothing words are nice, but maybe it's time that the two people who want to be president tell us what they are going to do about it… “There are so many murders with guns every day. It's just got to stop.”
See our report here for more.
URGENT APPEAL: We need to raise £10,000 in the next few weeks to keep holding the right to account. Help us build a better media and back the crowdfunder to keep Left Foot Forward's progressive journalism alive.
POTUS: 'Lot of People Saying 'Trump Might Have a Point' About Antifa'
Chris Wallace: Trump's DACA Talks With Dems Are 'As Clear as Mud'
Senator Bernie Sanders' (I-Vt.) "Medicare-For-All" plan he unveiled this week contradicts with statements he made on the topic 30 years ago, as newly-uncovered video shows.
As FoxNews.com reported, Sanders' single-payer health care plan would make - in the democratic socialists' words - healthcare a "right and not a privilege," by shifting the funding responsibilities to the government from the individual.
However, tape from 1987 shows Sanders warning of the fiscal perils that a "Medicare-For-All" plan would bring, as reported by the Washington Free Beacon.
He said that, at the time, he took a look at Canada's national health service, which provides government health care to all Canadians.
"The way I see it, you want to guarantee that all people have access to health care as you do in Canada," Sanders said.
"But I think what we understand is that unless we change the funding system and control mechanisms in this country to do that... we would be spending such an astronomical amount of money that we would bankrupt the nation."
He said that the government in Ottawa gives access "to all people" at a lesser per-capita cost than the same system would in the United States.
Sanders' 2017 single-payer plan was immediately greeted with praise from New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker (D), New York's Kirsten Gillibrand (D) and other possible 2020 presidential contenders.
NYT Reporter: I Know People Who Are 'Still in Therapy' Because Clinton Lost
Coulter: 'If We're Not Getting a Wall, I'd Prefer President Pence'
International Development Minister Marie-Claude Bibeau says Canada will support a global safe-abortion fund set up in response to President Donald Trump's order banning U.S. financing for any organizations that mention abortion.
Speaking to The Globe and Mail from Amman, Ms. Bibeau said she will announce this week that Canada will join an international campaign to fill a $600-million (U.S.) gap left by Mr. Trump's reinstatement of the so-called global gag rule prohibiting funding to international organizations that fail to disavow abortion. She did not say how much money Canada will contribute to the initiative.
"I will be in Brussels on my way back to Ottawa on March 2 participating in a conference, which is linked to the 'She Decides' initiative from the Netherlands. And I will make the announcement on Canada's contribution," Ms. Bibeau said.
Story continues below advertisement
Read more: How Trump's win has traumatized some women
Opinion: Calling all Nasty Women: The time to fight is at hand, again
John Ibbitson: Trump's Team of Bibles set to launch conservative Christian agenda (for subscribers)
Dutch Minister of Foreign Trade and Development Co-operation Lilianne Ploumen is leading the international campaign to establish the safe-abortion fund. She told the Guardian last month that up to 20 countries had indicated support for the plan.
Ms. Bibeau is in the Middle East this week to announce that Canada will provide $240-million (Canadian) over three years to address humanitarian needs in Syria, Iraq, Jordan and Lebanon. The funding will be disbursed to experienced non-governmental organizations to support the basic needs of those hit the hardest by the region's conflict, including food, shelter, health care, water, sanitation and hygiene.
"We are being innovative with this multiyear commitment. So we gave the time to our international NGO partners to think about it and to develop multiyear projects. This is what they were asking for," the minister said. "They are very happy with the multiyear commitment."
The funding is part of the more than $1-billion in aid and development support the Liberal government committed as a part of its strategy against the Islamic State, announced in February, 2016.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
In addition, Ms. Bibeau said Canada will provide $17.5-million over five years to Iraq to support those affected by conflict, including ex-combatants, and $750,000 over six months to address the immediate needs of internally displaced people in the Kurdistan Region and to ease tensions in the northern part of the country.
Ms. Bibeau also visited Iraq as a part of her trip. During bilateral meetings in Baghdad last week, she said three government ministers expressed support for Canada's plan to appoint its first ambassador to Iraq in nearly 26 years.
"They were asking me the question of when," Ms. Bibeau said. "They knew that we were working on it and they really look forward to our ambassador."
The Globe first reported the government's plan to name an ambassador to Iraq last month. Sources said the government believes the additional Canadian military and development assets in Iraq require more diplomatic and political co-ordination on the ground.
Ms. Bibeau said she does not know when the ambassador will arrive in Baghdad. Canada currently has a chargé d'affaires at its Baghdad mission, which operates out of the British embassy in the Green Zone, an area considered the city's safe haven. Ms. Bibeau said she has not discussed with her colleagues any plans to establish an independent Canadian embassy, adding that it may not make logistical sense to do so.
"From what I've seen, it's not only an embassy as I've seen in many countries, it's a compound. It's very important that we include the residence of the workers from the U.K. embassy, the Canadian embassy; and the World Bank is also located in the same [compound]," Ms. Bibeau said.
Story continues below advertisement
"It's almost like a university campus. For security reasons, it's easier to be all together."
A Washington, D.C. congresswoman has called on police to let kids sled down Capitol Hill this weekend.
U.S. Rep. Eleanor Holmes Norton appealed to U.S. Capitol Police Board chair Frank Larkin, asking him to drop the sledding ban on Capitol Hill for the weekend.
See also: Dad builds awesome backyard sledding track for his kids
“This could be the last snowstorm the D.C. area gets this winter, and may be one of the best for sledding in years,” Norton said in a statement. “Children and their parents should [be] able to enjoy sledding on one of the best hills in the city."
"This is a one-time waiver that will allow D.C. kids to sled while we await a more formal review of the ban, which will likely come after the last snow has fallen in our region. Have a heart, Mr. Larkin, a kid's heart that is," she added.
D.C. is anticipating what could be its biggest snowstorm of this winter, with up to 6 to 10 inches forecast for parts of the area. A winter storm warning is in effect for the District, with heavy snow forecast on Thursday.
More than 300 D.C. residents have signed a petition, calling on officials to lift the sled ban ahead of the "sled-worthy snowstorm."
"Please lift the sled ban, and allow the children of D.C. (including those who are children at heart) to take advantage of the last bit of snow this winter," the petitioners wrote, noting that people who had attempted to sled on the Capitol grounds "have been brusquely asked to leave the premise."
In enforcing the ban, D.C. police cite a regulation that states: "No person shall coast or slide a sled within Capitol Grounds." The no-fun regulations also ban scooters, kiddie cars, tricycles, wagons, kites, climbing, jumping, hanging, swinging and ball games of any kind. They do, however, allow cross-country skis and snowshoes as a means for transportation only.
Still, that hasn't stopped some criminals from partaking in a little winter fun:
Larkin has yet to respond to Holmes' letter, which you can read, below:
Norton Asks for Kids to Be Able to Sled on Capitol Grounds with Snowstorm Coming Shortly
Additional reporting by Andrew Freedman
Aerial view of ancient Gath: The city seems to have expanded massively after the Philistines joined the local Canaanite population.
New discoveries reveal that the Philistine cities of ancient Israel were laid out like Bronze Age cities in Cyprus, unlike the haphazard structure of the surrounding Canaanite towns. Also, archaeological investigation in Philistine Gath itself found metal-smelting technologies alien to Canaanite traditions, but akin to techniques found in Cyprus of thousands of years ago.
Those and other discoveries bolster the theory of an Aegean origin for the Philistines, who dwelled along the coast of what is Israel today between about 1200 to 600 BCE.
The Mediterranean basin area had been under Mycenaean Greek influence from around 1450 BCE to around 1200 BCE. But around that time, 3200 years ago, the ancient civilizations around the Mediterranean basin badly weakened – and the Sea Peoples arose. Archaeological evidence indicates that at least some of them rose up from Cyprus, spreading powerfully throughout the region and settling along mainland Greece, the Mediterranean islands and the coast of today's Israel.
The Gath excavation also found the remains of what seems to be a monumental city gate, dating to the 11th century BCE. The gate would probably have been roofed and the interior space would have been divided into multiple internal rooms. It was built using large slabs of local stone piled onto stone and mud brick foundations in cyclopean format (a technique to build walls by piling up rocks, without mortar).
“The pottery indicates that this might be the earliest chambered gate in the Levant,” Aren't Maeir, director of the Ackerman Family Bar-Ilan University Expedition to Gath told Haaretz, adding, "It may well be that the whole idea of chambered gates came from Philistia.”
The excavators also found two olive presses, or possibly wine presses, from the 9th century BCE, and hundreds of artifacts.
Gath oil presses
Gath is located inland, on the border between Philistia, which runs along the southern coastal plain, and the Judean foothills. The archaeologists also found the ruins of towers and long stretches of fortification walls, which had rested unseen for more than 3000 years in the ground, but now reveal the true scale and might of fortified Gath.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Where King David went mad
Archaeological evidence indicates that the site of Gath had been settled by Canaanites as early as 5,000 years ago, in the 4th millennium BCE (Early Bronze Age). But by the time the Iron Age began around 3200 years ago, the city had changed hands and shape.
Wherever they came from, by around 1200 BCE, the Philistines – counted to be among the "Sea Peoples" - that had arrived on the southern coastal plain of Israel. During the era of Philistine control over Gath, from around 1200 to 600 BCE, the city grew beyond its Canaanite origins.
From the onset, Gath was clearly a focus of the Philistine regional power: it was the biggest city in Philistia, says Aren't Maeir, possibly even in the whole region. The lower city of Gath reached a vast 40 hectares during the Philistine era, he estimates.
Gath gates
Stone towers on both sides of the gate guarded the entrance to the city. A wall stretching at least 200 meters in length running by the Elah River, to deter would-be attackers, shows just how powerful the city was some 3100 to 2900 years ago.
Gath's gate is famously mentioned in the Bible (1 Samuel 21:17) as the place to where David fled from Saul. His identity suspected, David feigned insanity, and the king of Gath let him go: "When the servants of Achish the king of Gath began to say: Is not this David the king of the land? David became afraid and feigned insanity, making marks on the doors of the gate and letting his saliva run down his beard" (1 Samuel 21:10-15).
The Philistines seem to have spread powerfully when the civilizations around the Mediterranean fell in 1177 BCE, reaching as far as Tirnys in Mycenaean Greece, and the southern coast of today's Israel Google Maps, elaboration by Haaretz
Cypriot town planning in Philistia
The Philistine cities of Gath, Ekron, Ashdod and Ashkelon seem to have less in common with other nearby towns in the Levant than with cities in ancient Cyprus. Certain cities in Mycenaean Greece also bear telltale marks of Philistine influence.
For one thing, after the arrival of the Sea Peoples, these cities in Philistia and Mycenaean Greece vastly expanded based on what seems to be zoning plans, based on, for instance, industrial and residential areas.
Across the Mediterranean from Israel, another city to follow that pattern was Tirnys, a Mycenaean Greek city that suddenly expanded massively in the 13th century BCE, about 100 years before Gath's rise. It too grew in the Cypriot style, Prof. Joseph Maran of the University of Heidelberg told Haaretz. This was happening at a time that other hubs of ancient Greece were being abandoned or shrinking.
A densely built-up quarter in the northwestern lower town of Tiryns, in Mycenaean Greece, early 12th century BCE. Joseph Maran
Tiryns' lower town had been planned and built from scratch along the lines of the Cypriot towns of Enkomi and Kition, Maran says.
“What we have in Tiryns are clear signs of relations to Cyprus, Italy and perhaps the northern Levant. There is a certain likelihood that people from southern Greece took part in the population movements of the Sea Peoples,” Maran told Haaretz.
The bottom line is that the Philistines seem to have been one of the Sea Peoples, and wherever they originated, at least a large group of them spread from Cyprus starting around 3300-3400 years ago, settling around the Mediterranean basin. It's hard to pinpoint the Philistines' exact origins, since these “Sea Peoples” were a very mixed bunch who merged various cultural traditions. But some of their cultural origins clearly derived from the Aegean Bronze Age cultures (such as Greek Mycenaean, Minoan and Cypriot cultures): we see similarities in ceramics, technology, architecture, burial customs, and pottery remains with writing –in non-Semitic languages, all dating to 1150-1000 BCE.
Pottery sherds with Cypro-Minoan script, which was used extensively on Cyprus, have also been found in Tiryns and Ashkelon, as well as in Ugarit, on the Syrian coast. But there were clearly other influences on early Philistine culture, such as from Italy and probably ancient Turkey too.
The Lion Gate in the ancient Hittite city of Hattusa, Turkey, showing the typical Mycenaean style. Bernard Gagnon, Wikimedia Commons
The Canaanite influence
Meanwhile, what we find of Philistine culture shows traces of persisting Canaanite customs too. Philipp Stockhammer from Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München, for one, is convinced that the Philistines originated in the Aegean and took on local customs after their arrival in the southern Levant.
Philistine feasting dishes are of Aegean type but hardly a copy of the Aegean's fine dining ware, he says. “The Philistine feasting dishes are nothing but a translation of the local Canaanite idea into the Aegean style,” Stockhammer told Haaretz, adding: "The Philistines feasted like the Canaanites."
Curiously, the famous Cypriot stirrup jar, which had been wildly popular in ancient Israel, based on the number of them found in tombs in Megiddo and Beit -She'an is rarely found in Philistia – or in Cyprus, though chemical analysis of the clay proves they were made in Cyprus, Stockhammer says. “Certain vessel shapes were produced in Greece, only to be exported to the East,” he says.
Ultimately, Maeir also believes the early Philistine culture was “entangled” – comprising a variety of influences, foreign and local, certainly after they had mixed with the local Canaanites over the generations.
A stirrup jar from around c. 1350 BC Louvre, Wikimedia Commons
Tell-tale horned altars
The recent discovery in Philistine Gath of an unusual altar with only two horns, rather than the Judahite norm of four, may also hint at Aegean origin for the Philistines.
Two-horned motifs on buildings, and altars, were common in Minoan Crete (and one was found in Cyprus too). Louise Hitchcock of the University of Melbourne thinks the Philistines brought over the horned altar motif from Minoan representations of the horns of the sacred bull.
Philistine altars and artifacts
Also, recently a metalworking facility was discovered in Gath, where both bronze and iron was produced by methods that were not Canaanite. "We may be dealing with a different metalworking practice that may hint at a non-local tradition,” Maeir said.
The Bible itself says the Philistines came from "Caphtor" – which seems to be the region of ancient Crete. It could yet turn out that at least some of them did.
Cambodian mangoes could soon roll to Seoul
The Ministry of Agriculture signed a memorandum of understanding with South Korea yesterday to export Cambodian mangoes and expand its short list of export destinations, a ministry official said.
The deal will help Cambodian farmers supply a new export market, but requires them to fulfil South Korea's quality expectations, according to ministry spokesman Eang Sophallet.
“South Korea imports a lot of mangoes and they like Cambodian mangoes, especially the keo romeat variety,” Sophallet said.
He said the lower price of Cambodian mangoes compared to neighbouring nations has created high potential for export.
Mong Reththy, whose eponymous agro-industrial conglomerate is one of the country's leading mango exporters, said the agreement was a win-win situation for both countries and that his company was ready to export as many mangoes as the South Koreans needed.
“If South Korea allows us to export mangoes to their country, the benefit is for all,” he said.
“So far, they haven't allowed us to export because of their concerns around food safety.”
Reththy said his firm exported around 500 to 600 tonnes of mangos overseas so far this year and was hopeful that the new agreement would increase the volume of exports.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture, Cambodia had 65,251 hectares of mango plantations in 2014. Local producers currently export to China, France, Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam.
January 26, 2016
In the fourth quarter of 2015, GDP expanded 3.0% over the same period last year. The expansion was stronger than both the 2.7% increase registered in the third quarter and the 2.5% rise that the markets had expected. However, the result tallied in the final quarter brings growth for 2015 as a whole to 2.6%, which is the weakest result in three years. Growth in Q4 was sustained by strong domestic demand and, while exports improved, the overall contribution from the external sector became more negative as imports accelerated. Improvements in the domestic economy throughout the year were consistently dragged down by a weak external sector.
On the domestic side of the economy, private consumption expanded 3.2% in Q4, which was up from the 2.1% increase tallied in Q3 and marked the strongest reading in more than four years. Fixed investment was broadly stable at a 5.2% expansion in Q4 (Q3: +5.1% year-on-year). Government consumption accelerated from a 3.0% increase in Q3 to a two-year-high expansion of 3.9% in Q4.
On the external front, exports of goods and services improved from a meager 0.3% increase Q3 to a 1.9% expansion in Q4, which marked the strongest result in five quarters. However, imports accelerated from a 3.3% expansion in Q3 to a 5.5% rise in Q4. As a result, the external sector's net contribution to overall economic growth deteriorated further from minus 1.4 percentage points in Q3 to minus 1.6 percentage points in Q4.
A quarter-on-quarter comparison showed that GDP increased a seasonally-adjusted 0.6% in Q4, which was less than half the 1.3% increase tallied in Q3.
The Central Bank expects GDP to increase 3.0% in 2016 and 3.2% in 2017. FocusEconomics Consensus Forecast panelists foresee the economy growing 2.8% in 2016, which is unchanged from last month's estimate. For 2017, the panel projects that the economy will expand 3.0%.
With all the allegations of Mt. Gox's automated trading bot, which has been dubbed “Willy”, algorithmic trading is getting a bad rap. However, using bots to trade on the financial markets is a long-established and legitimate activity – and it's easier than anywhere in the cryptocurrency markets.
So, how do these bots work, and can they really make you money?
Trading bots are software programs that talk directly to financial exchanges, and place buy and sell orders on your behalf. They make those decisions by watching the market's price movements, and reacting according to a set of predefined rules.
Joseph Lee is living proof that they can make money. Lee, who founded derivatives exchange BTC.sx, based its trading engine on algorithmic trading bots that he wrote himself, and used between 2011 and 2013.
He claims to have turned a simple $100 buy order into $200,000 in profits using his private software army. While that seems astonishing, the devil is in the detail, of course: a lot of that price increase stems from the massive price increase in bitcoin late last year.
In fact, the real profits are far more marginal, he has said, so don't expect to install a plug-in and write your own rags-to-riches story.
Lee, who claims that his bots shifted 10% of the market's entire volume in the early days, started using his methods when the price sat at $2-$4 per bitcoin.
Market maker
Lee's first trading bot used inter-exchange arbitrage, noticing differences in prices between orders on different exchanges, and buying on some exchanges while selling on others.
“I was essentially taking liquidity from a market where there was some and injecting it into a market where there wasn't,” he explained. Back then, Mt. Gox dominated the market, and other exchanges had poor pricing because their supply of bitcoins was limited.
“So, I bought for cheap on Mt. Gox and sold them to other markets. I bought a lot of bitcoin into tertiary markets.”
In short, he acted as a market maker on less-established exchanges.
Established practice
Lee may have written his own bots, but today, the bitcoin trading bot market is far more established, with several available off the shelf.
Examples include Butter Bot, which offers an online trading bot accessed via a Google Chrome plug-in, and Haas Online, which sells a Windows-based personal trading server. CryptoTrader offers a trading bot marketplace, which allows people to develop bots using different trading strategies, and then rent them to others.
Trading by algorithm isn't new in the financial world: companies in the conventional financial markets have been using the method for years. Lee said, however, that the bitcoin exchange community is one of the first where exchanges grant customers' computers direct market access (DMA).
This enables individual traders to have their computer access the exchange's electronic order books directly. That's a service normally only available to brokers and investment houses in the conventional markets.
“In the past, it was the people who had the means to pay for a $10,000-plus a year Bloomberg terminal with an API connection who could try their hand at bot trading,” Lee explained.
So, why isn't everyone doing it?
Pablo Lema, founder of Butter Bot, says that bots aren't a ‘fire and forget' technology that enable dilettantes to make money without trying:
“Trading bots require users to have at least a basic understanding of the market, need to be modified and tweaked by the user according to the predominant market conditions, and also according to their own risk profile.”
Trading bot strategy
Lee started off capitalising in a highly inefficient market, where exchanges with sufficient liquidity could be counted on one hand.
The situation – while still needing improvement – is at least a little better now. Opportunities for inter-exchange arbitrage still exist, but he recommends using technical analysis bots.
But trading isn't necessarily based on technical analysis alone. It's difficult to program a computer to react to fundamental market conditions such as, say, rumours about the Chinese government taking a new stance on bitcoin, or the latest bitcoin-based black market trading site shutting down.
Many bots will use an exponential moving average (EMA) as a starting point. These averages track market prices over a set time span, and bots can be programmed to react to what that price does – such as moving beyond certain thresholds.
“If you have a conservative appetite, choose to trade on a slower basis,” Lee advised. “If you picked daily rather than hourly periods, it's generally seen as a safe bet to get involved in the basics of trading, let alone bot trading.”
Others suggest tweaks to the EMA approach.
“If you look to the biggest downside of an EMA then you see it's almost always to late. And this is the part that can be improved,” said Stephan de Haas, founder of the Haas Online trading bot company, adding.
“This improvement could be done by using a DEMA [double exponential moving average] or TEMA [triple exponential moving average] instead. Those have the ability to respond faster then the EMA and their calculation is EMA-related, so it looks the same while it gives off better momentum.”
There are still other methods, he pointed out, such as relative strength indicators and regression analysis.
“This type of analysis works perfectly for processes (in this case a price market) that are unstable,” he says, in a description which seems to sum up the roller-coaster world of bitcoin.
“Using that data, it can make good sense of what's to be expected in the […] future.”
Secret strategies
However, technical analysis is a discipline, and these things are indicators, not strategies. You're still going to have to come up with your own set of trading rules, if you're going to tell a bot how to make decisions.
“The really good strategies are kept secret and closed source,” says Lema. “That's done by everyone: the mid [and] high level [traders] and clearing houses. It's hard for a trader who's new to understand the market.”
BTC or Bust, the creator of the Crackin' Kraken bot found on Cryptotrader, points to a set of algorithms in a library of technical analysis algorithms known as TA-Lib, along with custom indicators developed by the bot author. These are typically combined to find buy and sell signals in the market, BTC or Bust told CoinDesk.
Bots can be programmed to be predictive or reactive, or a combination of both, using these combined algorithms, it said, explaining:
“For example, let's say the bitcoin price is crashing. A predictive algorithm might start buying as it expects the price will quickly rebound, while a reactive algorithm might start selling as it sees the price is dropping. Both types have their advantages and disadvantages – the challenge is to have the bot employ the correct strategy at the correct time.”
The ability to set these strategies is one of things that will stop bots from unbalancing the market. Even if lots of people use them, the theory goes that the different strategies they employ would stop them all moving the market in one direction and creating an artificial bubble – or worse, a ‘flash crash‘.
Not for everyone
Is bot trading for you? Possibly. They offer a variety of advantages, not least of which is the ability to diligently trade on your behalf, 24/7, and the ability to remove all of the emotion from trading (assuming you don't barge in and terminate them when you're feeling irrationally antsy).
On the other hand, if you don't have the financial smarts to put together a trading strategy, then bots could simply end up automating a set of poor market trading decisions.
For many, then, who believe in bitcoin's long-term potential, the most basic trading strategy could be buy-and-hold.
Whether or not you decide to automate your trades, the basic rules apply: don't trade more than you can afford to lose, and don't go into any investment without at least a basic understanding of what you're doing.
Disclaimer: Statements in this article should not be considered investment advice, which is best sought directly from a qualified professional.
Robot image via Shutterstock
Officers accused of stealing drugs and money and intimidating residents in low-income hotel rooms.
Security video from a single-room occupancy hotel shows San Francisco police officers entering a room in the city's Tenderloin district in December 2010. (Photo: San Francisco Public Defender's Office)
SAN FRANCISCO — Five San Francisco police officers and one former cop have been indicted on corruption charges ranging from drug dealing, theft and civil rights violations that emerged from security video, federal prosecutors announced Thursday.
Police Chief Greg Suhr said the five active-duty officers were immediately suspended without pay and had their weapons confiscated.
"Our department is shaken," Suhr, who took office after the scandal broke in 2011, said at a news conference. "This is as serious as an issue as I can recall in my time in the department."
Because of the shadow cast on the officers' conduct beginning in 2009, local prosecutors have had to drop about 100 criminal cases they were involved in.
San Francisco Public Defender Jeff Adachi released the videos in 2011.
Prosecutors said the undercover officers allegedly entered rooms without warrants, intimidated the occupants and stole drugs, money, computers and other property.
The grand jury indictments, which were handed up Wednesday, named Sgt. Ian Furminger, 47, of Pleasant Hil; Edmond Robles, 46, of Danville; Arshad Razzak, 41, and Richard Yick, 37, both of San Francisco; Raul Eric Elias, 44, of San Mateo, and Reynaldo Vargas, 45, of Palm Desert, Calif., who was fired in 2012.
Furminger, Robles and Vargas were charged with dealing marijuana, stealing money and drugs seized during investigations and civil rights conspiracy.
Razzak, Yick and Elias are accused of using a master key to illegally enter rooms at low-income hotels and conspiring to threaten and intimidate the occupants. Razzak and Yick also falsified their incident reports, the indictment states.
Vargas was due in federal court Thursday, the other five Friday.
Adachi said the indictments were "confirmation that the constitutional rights of San Franciscans matter. I commend the U.S. Attorney for taking seriously the reports from ordinary citizens who had been humiliated, stolen from and hurt by police officers sworn to protect them."
"For years, our clients told us their rights were being violated, and for years we raised the issues in front of judges," he said in a statement. "Ultimately, it took a federal investigation to hold accountable those who would violate the public trust."
Suhr reiterated what he said the day he was sworn in as chief when asked about the investigation: "There is no place in the San Francisco Police Department — and shouldn't be in any police department — for a dishonest cop."
"Should these officers be proven guilty of any of the charges as alleged, I will seek immediate termination and expect that the Police Commission will agree and act expeditiously to make that happen," he said in a statement.
Suhr said federal authorities told him they "found no evidence that the conduct of these few officers, as alleged, is an indicator of a larger "systemic concern" within the department.
The head of the police officers' union expressed disappointment with the indictments, saying in a statement that the charges were "apparently based on the questionable testimony of unreliable informant witnesses."
While acknowledging that "these are nonetheless serious charges," Martin Halloran, president of the San Francisco Police Officers Association, pointed out that "federal grand juries only hear one side of the story."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1fujNLV
by
The formation of a new unity government between Fatah and Hamas, although strongly resisted by the Israeli government leadership, may offer some hope for eventually leading to renewed peace talks between the Palestinian Authority and Israel's government. For Mr. Netanyahu to resist this union is a futile exercise that may contribute to Israel's international isolation.
Netanyahu couldn't hide his displeasure at the agreement between Fatah and Hamas. “Today, Abu Mazen [as Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas is called] said yes to terrorism and no to peace,” said Netanyahu. Israel's Economy Minister Naftali Bennett was even more aggressive saying, “The government of terrorists in suits established by Fatah and Hamas, the very same organization that in its charter has horrific sentences such as calling for ‘killing the Jews who are hiding behind trees and stones,' is an illegitimate government.”
Although this statement is certainly indefensible, so are similar statements made by leading Israeli officials regarding the Palestinians. They are no reason, in themselves, to refuse to recognize the new Palestinian government or to maintain contact with it. Urging Israel ‘to go from defense to offense' Bennett urged the annexation of settlement blocs in the West Bank.
The actions proposed by Bennett have been strongly condemned by important Israeli figures. “In the meantime, the number of settlements in the West Bank grew threefold and fourfold, and the brutality of the occupation increased to the point where soldiers now shoot demonstrators out of nothing but boredom,” wrote Gideon Levy, a leading Israeli journalist.
Although the US government is clearly concerned about the role of Hamas in the new government, State Department spokeswoman Jean Psaki said last Monday that although the US will work with the new government, it would also be “watching closely to ensure that it upholds principles that President Abbas reiterated today.”
Abbas said that the 17-member cabinet would comprise essentially technical officials who would strive to pursue peace, despite Hamas's refusal to accept coexistence with Israel. He also acknowledged that previous division between the movements had derailed the Palestinians' aims.
Netanyahu not only refused to recognize the new government but appealed to the international community not to recognize it. At the same time, the Israeli government refused travel permissions to three Gaza-based ministers to travel to the West Bank for the swearing-in ceremony.
There are still serious disagreements between the two Palestinian movements, such as how to join rival security forces in Gaza and the West Bank. However, President Abbas before presiding over the Cabinet's first meeting stated, “This black page in our history has been turned forever and will never come back.”
Abbas has already made some important concessions to the Israeli government: it has pledged that the new administration will abide by the principles laid down by the Middle East Peace Quartet, it will recognize Israel's right to exist and it will reject violence and abide by existing agreements. These conditions had been repeatedly rejected by Hamas in the past.
These pledges are not enough for Netanyahu, who has continued the illegal and widely condemned blockade of Gaza, which has resulted in shortages of food and basic medicines that have hurt children's lives. With his characteristic double standard, Netanyahu said, “Enough of these tricks. If this new Palestinian government has regained sovereignty over Gaza, the first thing that Abbas should do is announce he is starting demilitarizing Gaza.”
It is not a view shared by all Israelis. Writing in Haaretz, Gideon Levy said, “The world cannot lend its hand to this. It is unacceptable, in the 21st century, for a state that purports to be a permanent member of the free world to keep another nation deprived of rights. It is unthinkable, simply unthinkable, for millions of Palestinians to continue to live in these conditions. It is unthinkable for a democratic state to continue to oppress them in this way. It is unthinkable that the world stands by and allows this to happen.”
Dr. Cesar Chelala is a co-winner of an Overseas Press Club of America award.
Shares
I'm very pleased to announce that Dr. Amy Tuteur, otherwise known as The Skeptical O.B., has joined Science-Based Medicine. Dr. Tuteur will fill in an area where we are lacking, namely an expert in women's health and childbirth. For those of you who don't know Dr. Tuteur, she is an obstetrician-gynecologist. She received her undergraduate degree from Harvard College and her medical degree from Boston University School of Medicine. Dr. Tuteur is a former clinical instructor at Harvard Medical School. Her book, How Your Baby Is Born, an illustrated guide to pregnancy, labor and delivery was published by Ziff-Davis Press in 1994. She runs the website AskDrAmy.com and has her own iPhone app, the Ask Dr. Amy Am I Pregnant Quiz. Dr. Tuteur blogs at The Skeptical OB.
We expect great things from Dr. Tuteur, and hope you will join us in welcoming her to the fold. She will begin tomorrow and will post new material every Thursday. Finally, with the addition of Dr. Tuteur, it should also be noted that, due to the demands of her day job, Dr. Val Jones will decrease her posting frequency from every Thursday to every other Thursday. She will thus not be posting this week, and her next post will be on Thursday, November 12.
We couldn't let 2015 out the door without stopping one last time to gush about all the great SF/F we read over the past 12 months. This was an outstanding year for genre fiction, and these are the books the bloggers and editors at the Barnes & Noble Sci-Fi & Fantasy Blog loved the most.
Aidan: In many ways, Zen Cho's Sorcerer to the Crown reminds me of last year's The Goblin Emperor by Katherine Addison. It's charismatic and honest, and features an endearing cast of characters who better themselves in their effort to overcome their challenges rather than sinking to match the ethics and morals of those who oppose them. Like Addison's critically-lauded novel, Sorcerer to the Crown is the antithesis of the grimdark movement — a bright light that revels in hope and the perseverance of good people — and I can see it catching a lot of readers off guard, especially those who are sick of bloody battlefields, moralistically grey anti-heroes, and answers at the end of a blade. Cho's England is cast from a centuries-old mould, but the themes she explores have never been more relevant , and are just as grim as anything gritty epic fantasy has to offer.
Andrew: My favorite book of the year is Becky Chambers' The Long Way to a Small, Angry Planet. It's got everything: spaceships, aliens, amazing adventures, all the things that made me love science fiction in the first place. It's an absolute delight.
Nicole: Largely uncontested in my list of 2015 favorites, Catherynne M. Valente's Radiance is a stunning, enigmatic space opera noir swathed in Old Hollywood glamor and decopunk dreams. It's incredibly difficult to describe, but that's part of the charm — and why you'll devour its epistolary narrative on your hunt to learn what happened to filmmaker Severin Unck. (And if I get to pick a second favorite of the year, it's Welcome to Night Vale, which manages to capture all the surreal details of an ever-evolving podcast and add more depth to a bizarre world.)
Rich: I hate to be one of those people who use the most recent book they read as an example of the year's best, but I have no choice. Seth Dickinson's fantasy debut, The Traitor Baru Cormorant, seems to split readers down the middle, with some bouncing off of the intricate political/economic machinations and deeply flawed, alienating characters even as the rest of us turn pages to so fast they threaten to burst into flame. The epic saga of young Baru Cormorant's rebellious rise against the oppressive ruling machine delivers big time on all fronts, including one of the most thrilling battle sequences I have ever read.
Sam Reader: There was stiff competition for favorites this year, but The Library at Mount Char stands out as one that completely blindsided me. It might be because Scott Hawkins's tale of a bizarre pantheon and their power struggles is the closer than most “mainstream” books get to smaller-press surrealist lit, or simply because it defies all attempts to pin it down. It's terrifying, gorgeous, grotesque, and strangely uplifting in equal measure, and I can safely say it's like very few things I've read.
Jeff: While I'm still not 100 percent certain I understand The Vorrh completely, that's part of the thrill. Brian Catling has created a lush, dense reality familiar enough to suck you in but bizarre enough to keep you guessing. The way he weaves actual historical figures (and their very real insanity or obsessions) into a story otherwise structured like a modern myth reminds me of old-school epic poetry; everything is heightened, and in the end, people will be arguing about what it all means for decades to come. Rumor has it there will be sequels, and I certainly hope so.
Kelly: I was fortunate enough to read some wonderful speculative fiction this year, but there was no speculation more fascinating than Jo Walton's in her Thessaly series, beginning with The Just City. Months later, they're still hanging around in my head, for a few reasons: the world that Walton creates, and the fact that it is entirely set up to service philosophy, of all things. Second, that she commits herself to systematically following through with each thought exercise she sets up. Finally, and most compellingly, the very human cracks, faults, and diversity on display, the inexplicable “just-because” curveballs that knock these logical, circular, orderly worlds and people off their feet, despite every Platonic attempt to keep them on track. I'm really looking forward to the conclusion of this fascinating trilogy, Necessity, in 2016.
Lauren: Everyone loves Mary Rickert, and now I do too. I read “Cold Fires” when Tor.com reprinted it in mid-December, then immediately bought the ebook of her most recent collection so I wouldn't have to wait to read the rest. After reading “Journey Into the Kingdom,” I trekked across the city in search of a hard copy of her collection, You Have Never Been Here, to give as a gift. I took the G train for Mary Rickert and I don't regret it. This book is unputdownable, a bright light in a dark and stressful season. I wish I'd bought a third copy. I still might.
Joel: In an especially good year for SF/F, there were many books I adored (the beguiling The Sorcerer of the Wildeeps by Kai Ashante Wilson; the noir trip Made to Kill by Adam Christopher; the transporting Updraft by Fran Wilde; the heart-wrenching Planetfall by Emma Newman), but if I have to choose the one that surprised me the most in 2015, it's The Fifth Season by N.K. Jemisin. Epic fantasy is not generally my genre, but Jemisin has managed to create a world-rending tale that honors the epics of the past while cracking their very foundations. It's fantasy, it's sci-fi, it's angry, it's confrontational, it's alienating, it's deeply moving, its plotting is audacious. It is epic fantasy with no epic fantasy tropes, and I need that sequel, stat.
Tim: Too many new books! 2015 was a catch-up year for me, so none of the books I read were actually published this year. I came close: my favorite read of 2015 was published in fall 2014. As City of Stairs starts, the gods are dead. Countries, people, and the fabric of cities themselves are adjusting. But reports of the gods' death were, like Mark Twain said, premature. The relationship between this world's gods and their followers takes theology in a whole different direction. The plot twists and the characters grow in ways that make sense. The book stands well alone but leaves much more of this wondrous world to explore. The sequel, City of Blades, will be out in January 2016, and I plan on reading that one next year, without a doubt.
John: It feels like cheating to say this, but my last new read of the year happens to be my favorite. Lawrence M. Schoen's Barsk took me by surprise. I was expecting a run-of-the-mill fantasy tale with elephant jokes and a half-hearted message about equality. Instead, I got a deep story embedded with elements of sci-fi that spans tens of thousands of years. Color me impressed! Oh, and yeah, treat everyone equally, even if they're hairless and have, like, really massive ears. And noses.
Paul: Arguably one of the most underappreciated science fiction/fantasy releases of 2015, Rhonda Mason's stellar debut The Empress Game—about a ruthless pit fighter who gets the opportunity to participate in a winner-take-all female gladiatorial contest where the victor gets a seat on the Galactic Ruling Council—is space opera done right, powered by impressively complex world-building and an intriguing and endearing heroine.
Renay: Sitting at the very top of my pile of favorite books this year is Kate Elliott's Black Wolves, the first in a new series. Elliott's intimate knowledge of epic fantasy and genre history are showcased in narrative layers that unfold the deeper you go. It's a story that showcases a journey of multi-generational characters across a rapidly changing social reality, but it's also in conversation with epic fantasy as a subgenre, challenging the assumptions we make about who gets to be centered in these sorts of narratives. It has everything I want from epic fantasy and I can't wait to see where the series takes us next.
Sam Reidel: I've sung the praises of Jason Hough's Zero World since I first read it this summer, and it's time to do it once more. Hough, hot off his success with his debut series The Dire Earth Cycle, successfully mashes everything that I love about high-concept science fiction with the best parts of a great espionage thriller. It's philosophical, bloody, frequently hilarious, and absolutely one of the finest works of SF to appear in 2015.
Ross: Carolyn Ives Gilman's Dark Orbit is the book that's stuck with me most this year. It's a story about interstellar travelers engaging with a new civilization, with a twist: the aliens are entirely blind. The central metaphor has to do with the near-impossibility of genuine cross-cultural understanding, and the conceit of meeting blind aliens on their home turf drives it home perfectly. It's confident in its world-building, and the characters are rich, but it's also vaguely old-fashioned in its clarity of ideas. That's a good thing.
Brigid: My choice is not speculative fiction, but as a graphic novel, it fits into this blog's purview on a technicality. The second volume of March, Rep. John Lewis's graphic memoir of the Civil Rights movement, is not the most enjoyable book that I read this year, but it is the one that moved me most deeply. It's a story of courage in the face of incredible violence, starting with the attempted murder of the author for the sin of sitting down at a whites-only lunch counter, then going on to the Freedom Riders, who faced riots and firebombings in their struggle to desegregate the interstate bus system, and finally to the March on Washington. At a distance of 50 years, the Civil Rights movement looks like a series of triumphs leading to an inevitable victory, but at the time, nothing was certain. Lewis, his co-writer Andrew Aydin, and artist Nate Powell plunge us back into that time, showing the struggles within the movement as well as the violence of those arrayed against it. It's a gripping story that holds a great deal of relevance for the struggles of the present.
Ceridwen: I've read a lot of really fine novels this year, but I feel like Kim Harrison's The Drafter has gotten a little lost in the shuffle. That's too bad, because it's a romping good time with a lot of twists and turns.The spy novel has an inevitable paranoia built into it: in organizations built on secrecy, secrets will multiply. The Drafter amplifies this paranoia by adding divergent timelines to the mix. Drafters can reorder time itself, though they have no memory of the timeline shift. The story is this deepening wig-out, one where the protagonist Peri can't even trust her former self. It has beautifully realized near-future tech and a folding origami plot that makes me delirious. I would love to see more novels in this world.
Corrina: It's not surprising that a book featuring a teenage Lois Lane investigating a mystery at her new high school in Metropolis is excellent. What's surprising is that it took so long for one to appear. Gwenda Bond's Fallout imagines Lois as a troublemaker at the various schools she's attended as a military brat, with Metropolis her last stop. She's eager to fit in but much less eager to let her classmates be manipulated by some unknown force. There's also a mysterious online friend who helps fight the villain in an MMORPG that's gone horribly wrong. It's not spoiling to say that this friend's initials are C.K. Best news? There's a sequel coming in May.
Ryan: I don't normally love books like Star Wars Philosophy, anthologies that profess to make pop culture “deeper” with a bunch of “real” scholarship. And having just put out a pop-culture essay collection myself (with some Star Wars stuff in it!) I wasn't sure I'd be able to get into this one. But! A vast majority of these essays will make you scratch your head thoughtfully, enough to make you realize the book is awesome. And if you're anything like me, the next thing you'll do is use it to fire-up brand-new debates about Star Wars.
Rose George
Rose George
Rose George
Rose George
Rose George
Rose George
Rose George
Rose George
Rose George
Rose George
Rose George
Rose George
Rose George
Rose George
Rose George
Rose George
Rose George
Rose George
Rose George
Rose George
Rose George
Rose George
This is the kind of heat that sucks the breath from bodies. We are in the Bab al Mandeb Strait, a narrow opening that marks the beginning of the Gulf of Aden. It is July, now, and almost monsoon season. Monsoon weather is bad for nausea, but good for anyone scared of pirates, because these modern sea-jackers travel in small boats that are upset by the Force 6 waves that our ship slices through with ease. There may be frigates around, but much of our protection is weather.
We have been on pirate watch for one day now. The ship has changed: The portholes in the doors on each of the six decks in the accommodation house have been blocked with circular pieces of cardboard, cut—I see on closer inspection—from chocolate boxes and cigarette cartons from the bond store. All windows must be covered by sundown with blackout blinds that are fastened into place with snaps, the better to defeat chinks.
Advertisement
Pirate watch requires two extra men on the bridge for lookout duty. This job falls to the ABs, the able seamen, and cadets. It is boring and hot, particularly as they wear heavy overalls. I'm not sure how useful the lookouts are, given the ship-sized blind spot caused by the containers, but I don't mind, because I am nervous.
One of the first things the captain asked me was: "Why do you want to go through pirate zones when you don't have to? Are you mad?" It is only now that I think the answer to the latter is yes. During the first night of pirate watch, I stay awake until 2 a.m., as if that will help. It is foolish. Pirates like to attack at dawn anyway. I sleep uneasily and wake to the ridiculously cheery bong-bong (think summer-camp loudspeaker) of the ship's alarm call. I jump out of bed in alarm, expecting an "Abandon Ship" or a call to the safe room where we have agreed to muster in the event of an attack. But nothing happens. It's someone phoning home again. They always press the wrong buttons on the satellite phone and make an inadvertent public address.
Later, I tell the second officer about my uneasy night. He laughs at me. He thinks we are protected by the size and speed of the ship. Even so, there was a definite near-attack during his night-watch. Four fast craft, doing about 20 knots at 2 a.m. That is either pirates or people-smugglers, and who wants to be smuggled from Yemen to Somalia? They reached the bow and stopped. The second mate shone searchlights on them. He laughs again. They saw the size of the ship and fled.
Pirates have never dared capture a ship our size because our 10-meter freeboard (the height of the ship between waterline and deck) is daunting. But there are weak spots. At the poop deck, nets are slung over openings that could become access points. Astern, there are hoses port and starboard, jetting water. From the bridge they look like a pathetic deterrent, and I assume that a damp pirate can still perform piracy, but I am told that the jets are stronger than they look. Even so, what use is a hose when they've got AK-47s?
Advertisement
The tension of pirate watch is hard on the crew: Some are genuinely unnerved, and being genuinely unnerved for a week in every month is not nothing. The captain received a communication from Maersk prompting him to order barbed wire. He duly did so and was told that his ship was too big. It didn't need barbed wire. It didn't need armed guards. Most of the officers disagree with this. "Pirates haven't attacked a 10-meter-high freeboard," says the captain. "But there is always a first time." Most of the officers favor armed guards, though company policy is not to use them. At dinner one evening, I remark that the International Transport Federation has organized a petition against piracy. The Moldovan nearly snorts into his soup. "So what do we do with a petition?" he says in his Bond-villain-accented English. "Send it to Somalia? 'Please stop attacking us.' The only thing to do is to send the petition with an A-bomb in the envelope."
The third mate keeps quiet. He is the least worried of all of us, because before he transferred to Kendal, he was on a smaller ship doing the run from Salalah down to Mombasa, Kenya. It was a sister ship to the now notorious Maersk Alabama, which was captured by pirates in 2009 and whose captain was taken hostage and dramatically rescued. Same size, same route. The third mate has heard that the Alabamawas a hostage-taking waiting to happen, because it was sailing 300 miles off the Somali coast, when company policy specified that it should be 600 miles from shore. "When I left that ship, I said to myself, I'm going to see the Alabama in the news."
But even the phlegmatic third mate does not have the profound calm of Able Seaman Archimedes, whom I talk to one afternoon while he is on bridge-watch duty. It is the day after the near-attack, and he is scornful of the watch-officers. Scared of fishing vessels! So nervous! He would not have been scared because, he says calmly, he doesn't believe in pirates.
"What do you mean, you don't believe in pirates? Like fairies?"
Advertisement
"I don't believe. Suspicious craft, yes. But I won't believe until I see them."
I am not sure how to respond to this. It is such an outlandish thing to say. I tell him the figures of piracy: 544 seafarers taken hostage in the first six months of 2010, with 360 still being held. Thirteen ships hijacked, the 13th—the chemical tanker Golden Blessing—only the day before.
"Yes," he says. "I know all that. A friend was held hostage for three months. But it was good. Double pay! Overtime!" And the Greek owners paid for three months' holiday afterward, too. The captivity was fine, and the pirates were harmless. Harmless with guns? He grins again. Guns just for protection. They don't want to shoot you. They just want the ransom.
I had forgotten this when I asked the captain how pirates would reach the top stacks of containers, which are 10 stories high. He looks at me and adds it to his mental list of daft passenger questions. "They won't. They're not interested in the cargo. They only have beaches in Somalia, they can't even unload it." All they want is the ship. They want slow-going ships with expensive cargoes, so mostly they like oil tankers, which are both slow and low in the water. But they are adaptable, says the captain, and they are not stupid. It is only a matter of time before they upgrade.
Advertisement
The military presence of NATO frigates is comforting, but only up to a point, since a successful pirate attack can be achieved in 15 minutes. If a ship has a sensible reaction plan; if someone can cut the engines and someone radio for help; then drifting might give the navy time to arrive. There are usually 30 or so frigates patrolling at any one time, but the distances involved are dizzying. A NATO commander recently compared his job to "patrolling Western Europe with a couple of police cars."
But even if the pirates were arrested, what then? Nobody wants to try them. The Seychelles is being groomed to be the pirate court of choice, an international piracy expert tells me, but for now it's a small island courthouse, and overwhelmed. Kenya has no room or inclination, either. There have been trials in Germany, the Netherlands, and the United States, but those were show trials, and expensive ones at that. When, last year, it was revealed that the Russian navy had set 10 pirates adrift with no navigation aids in the middle of the Indian Ocean, there was little surprise in the shipping world. It's one way of dealing with them.
Princess Sayako has lost her royal status by marrying Yoshiki Kuroda
Thousands of well-wishers lined the streets between the royal palace and the city hotel where the half-hour marriage rite took place.
Wearing a Western-style white dress and pearls, the princess sipped sake rice wine with her bureaucrat husband.
Marriage to Mr Kuroda, 40, means Princess Sayako loses her title and will have to adjust to a new lifestyle.
The ceremony, which took place in Tokyo's plush Imperial Hotel, was an informal affair by royal standards.
"The princess was so beautiful, she was just like a cherry blossom," said bystander Michiyo Tanimura.
"It's like someone above the clouds is coming closer to ordinary people like us," she told the Associated Press.
About 30 people attended the ceremony, and some 120 guests attended the reception, where they dined on a French-style menu including lobster and caviar jelly and caramel-vanilla sorbet with chestnut creme brulee.
The princess had said her formal farewells to the imperial family at the weekend. She is Emperor Akihito's only daughter and becomes the first princess to abandon her title in 45 years.
Driving lessons
Sayako Kuroda, as she will now be known, told a press conference that her mother and father had reassured her that her family ties were unchanged.
"The empress then hugged me tightly and told me 'Everything's going to be OK,' many times," she said.
Her husband said in the press conference: "While respecting each other's views, I would like to make a quiet home where you can feel at ease."
To prepare for her dramatic change of lifestyle, Princess Sayako has reportedly been taking driving lessons and practising shopping at the supermarket.
The princess and Mr Kuroda, who is a descendant of Japan's now-abolished aristocracy, were childhood acquaintances, but their romance began two years ago at a tennis party thrown by one of Sayako's brothers.
Princess Sayako will lose her royal allowance, but this is eased by a $1.2m dowry from the state.
The couple will live in a rented apartment not far from the palace before moving to a new condominium to be completed next year, media reports said.
Sayako's aunt, Takako Shimazu, was the last princess to lose her royal status when she married a commoner in March 1960.
The Japanese royal household currently faces a succession crisis, with no male heir produced for 40 years. There are moves under way to change the law to let women ascend the throne.
The scenes, which are accompanied by militaristic music, have drawn millions of hits.
YouTube, which hosts film clips from the public, has 2,880 items on the Waffen SS , the most fanatical of Hitler's soldiers who were indicted for war crimes throughout the Second World War.
The entries have a string of 'Sieg Heil' comments and praise for the fighting prowess of the Waffen SS, recruited for their dedication to Nazism.
The videos, some from Nazi propaganda newsreels, have provoked the anger of Jewish organisations which called for YouTube to remove the "hugely offensive" postings, including one that features the headline 'Hitler Was Right'.
Senior Liberal Democrat MP Susan Kramer was shocked by the content and the amount of SS sites on YouTube.
"Glorifying the Waffen SS or Hitler in any way is sickening," she said. "YouTube must understand its responsibilities. They should be hunting this type of material down if they want to maintain any credibility."
She added that YouTube has grown from fringe influence to mainstream source of content and that many young people view it alone where extremist views cannot be challenged by parents and teachers.
The Board of Deputies of British Jews said it continued to be "very concerned about the level of racist and anti-Semitic content on the internet".
"We continue to work with the government to explore the most effective ways of dealing with this problem and we welcome the commitments made by Google/YouTube, which has undertaken to investigate and take down the worst sites following the conference of the International Network Against Cyber Hate in Washington last month," said a Board of Deputies spokesman.
The YouTube clips include excerpts from history programmes but it is clear that many are directed at extremist right-wing elements around the world.
The Waffen SS regimental anthem is posted along with montages of troops and Hitler addressing rallies. The Leibstandarte, which started as the Führer's bodyguard but expanded to a feared tank brigade, is picked out for special praise
A five-minute compilation of Waffen SS soliders in action and striking conquering poses is accompanied by the music of a British hardcore right-wing group. Another has attracted 652,000 views along with almost 2,000, mainly adoring, comments. One viewer has simply posted a giant swastika made from 134 smaller swastikas.
Another states: "The fighting men of the German Waffen SS were true heroes - real Vikings!"
The clips feature high-profile SS figures including war criminal Joachim Peiper, the youngest regimental colonel in the Waffen SS who also served as personal adjutant to SS chief Heinrich Himmler. Peiper had his death penalty for commuted after the war but was murdered in an arson attack on his retirement home in France in 1976.
The Voters are a series of articles exploring the demographic groups of Americans who will choose the next president.
Aditya Agarwal, the newly promoted chief technology officer of Dropbox, the cloud storage company, will vote in his first U.S. election on Nov. 8. Though he's worked for U.S. tech companies for years, it hasn't been easy to stay abreast of the paperwork he needed to get visas and become a citizen.
“Over the course of being in the United States for the last 16 years, I have had an F-1 [student] visa, an OPT, a CPT,” he said. “I've had, like, four H-1Bs [a visa used for high-skilled workers, often in the technology industry]. I've had, like, a green-card process that took like five or six years. I've gone through the citizenship process.”
The process is “deeply personal for me,” he said, speaking as a newly minted American citizen about to cast a ballot, “so I'm really excited about it.”
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, Agarwal is one of 1.8 million people nationwide employed in “computer systems design and related services,” out of 17 million employed in high-tech industries. It's difficult to track this group's voting behavior , but looking at campaign donations, endorsements and other political speech offers a way to understand the political impact of this key demographic. The tech industry's role in disseminating political information through the internet gives it an outsize voice in the process; last week, for example, The Wall Street Journal reported that Facebook debated whether to remove some Trump posts as hate speech.
Data compiled by Crowdpac, a nonpartisan group that tracks campaign donations, shows that employees at technology companies are donating overwhelmingly to Hillary Clinton. Of the $8.1 million given by tech employees or executives, Clinton got 95 percent, or $7.7 million; Donald Trump got 4 percent, or $299,000; Gary Johnson, the Libertarian candidate and Jill Stein, the Green Party candidate, each got less than 1 percent.
Similarly, in the Silicon Valley area, nearly 99 percent of the political donations went to Clinton, and 1 percent to Trump, according to Crowdpac.
Agarwal and his wife, Ruchi Sanghvi, a software engineer, both went to work at Facebook a year after they graduated from Carnegie Mellon University in 2004. (Sanghvi was the first female engineer hired by Facebook, and is now serving on corporate boards and overseeing a co-working space for entrepreneurs.) They are not just new naturalized citizens eager to vote; they are also are prominent supporters of FWD.us, a bipartisan, nonprofit lobbying group for technology industry interests. The 3-year-old group has put its energy this year behind lobbying for immigration reform, and championing the interests of H-1B visa holders as well as undocumented immigrants.
Agarwal says that lack of support for the country's 11 million undocumented people — who are nonetheless wanted here for economic reasons — is “just morally unacceptable.” Todd Schulte, FWD's president, said that what the group “is fighting for is an economy that doesn't deny people opportunity and access to succeed based on a broken immigration system.” Agarwal is voting for Clinton, and according to the Federal Election Commission's reports, he gave the maximum $2,700 individual contribution to the Clinton campaign.
But not everyone in the technology industry feels the same way. Brad Lea, the chief executive of LightSpeed VT, which provides virtual training to large companies, is a supporter of Trump and of stricter immigration laws. He said that most of the technology industry leaders he knows personally support Trump “because he is not a politician…. He's a businessman who knows how to negotiate.” Lea said his top issue is ending what he sees as widespread cronyism and corruption among career politicians. “When Trump gets up there and complains about the corruption and backward dealings and unfairness, that's why I connect,” he said. “Hillary — it seems like she is 100 percent lying and making backroom deals.”
Lea is not a political donor, but remains influential as a social media maven and viral video producer with more than 59,000 Facebook likes and 69,000 Twitter followers. Like Lea, many technology executives — the new railroad barons of American industry — have a wide audience for their political views, from the speech by the billionaire founder of PayPal, Peter Thiel, at the Republican National Convention to the endorsements for Clinton by several other billionaires, including Sheryl Sandberg of Facebook and Reid Hoffman, a co-founder of LinkedIn and an investor at Greylock Partners.
The Silicon Valley region and greater Bay Area, home to so many big technology companies, are also rich soil for reaping political donations.
Ben Casnocha, an author of business books and a technology entrepreneur, said that while many technology companies have shared policy interests, they don't yet see themselves as a political cohort, which “makes it quite hard to organize them in any sort of politically effective way.”
“Until just a few years ago, the perspective in Silicon Valley was to have nothing to do with Washington,” he said. “It's only in the last few years that tech companies have really established a significant lobbying presence in Washington.”
Becky Tallent, the head of U.S. government relations for Dropbox and a former immigration assistant to former House Speaker John Boehner, also sees technology's relationship to government as just starting to grow.
“There is a generational gap between the people who are running our government right now and the people who are using the technology and creating the technology,” she said.
The big political concerns for the tech industry this election cycle include trade and the status of high-tech H-1B visas. In 2015, the U.S. exported nearly $205 billion worth of computer and electronic products, constituting 13.6 percent of total U.S. exports, the second-largest category of exports. That's why many tech executives have been alarmed by Trump's opposition to free trade and trade agreements. Clinton now opposes the Trans-Pacific Partnership but is much more supportive of free trade than Trump is. In addition, Clinton wants to continue the H-1B visa program, while Trump has criticized it and said he will severely limit it. The program is designed to supply workers in specialty fields when Americans are in short supply, though one pending lawsuit alleges it has been used improperly, with Americans training their cheaper replacements.
The H-1B program, along with various post-student work visas, have been gateways into American entrepreneurship for some of America's biggest tech companies. A 2016 report by the National Foundation for American Policy, a business-oriented research group that supports immigration, found that more than half of America's billion-dollar startups were founded or co-founded by immigrants.
Agarwal believes a “rebel-nation streak” among technology industry founders led many to avoid dealing with government and politics. But now companies such as Facebook, where he was one of the first 20 employees, are maturing, and so is their relationship to politics. That relationship will become more important as high-tech companies create products and algorithms that are embedded in virtually every industry.
“Really, every company in the future,” he said, “is going to be some kind of tech company.”
OWASP puts the cart before the horse when it comes to how you keep your data safe
The Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) finally released the third — and possibly final — version of their much vaunted Top 10 list for 2017 detailing the vulnerabilities that are considered to be the most pernicious throughout the industry.
This marks the group's fifth report since its first publication in 2004, taking a crowdsourced look at the temperature of where we are at in web app sec, and reminding us of how far we still have to go.
For the past three reports (2010, 2013, and 2010), injection attacks have topped the list, leading many a security professional to bang their head against their desk in frustration that we are still in this place. Having spoken with more than one well-known and experienced CISO or CSO, they are quick to point out that many of these vulnerabilities are the stuff of script kiddies and should have been wiped clean from the list many years ago.
THE IMPORTANCE OF OPEN SOURCE SECURITY Download
Whitepaper
While three new items — XML External Entities (XXE), Insecure Deserialization, and Insufficient Logging & Monitoring — were added to the list, it is safe to say that the first draft missed the mark in describing the reality facing the industry.
Looking at the first version that was published in April, it included very few changes and was apparently rejected quite quickly by the community. Lacking full visibility into all the factors that went into the decisions for this list, understanding some of the grumbling about independence and who was steering the project team, it is difficult to really judge how they produced this initial list which was received with what some are saying was unnecessary vitriol. Let's remember that even with the best of intentions by the organizers, it is near impossible to make everyone in the web app community happy.
That said, there were two important points in the Top 10 that stuck out to us and how we think about the security landscape.
One of the most glaring points that jumps out is the fact that “Sensitive Data Exposure” leaped to the #3 slot, knocking XXS down to #7, leading to the question of what happened between April and November?
Equifax Changed Everything
Well simply put, Equifax happened, knocking the app sec crowded upside the head and reshuffling the deck.
So while moving Sensitive Data Exposure up the ladder makes sense as data breaches and infiltrations have become the biggest nightmare for companies handling user data, we are curious why using components with known vulnerabilities is left in the same position at #9?
The Equifax breach is arguably the most significant breach in history, taking into account the scale of the 145 million victims affected and the breadth of the personal information that was stolen. Considering the magnitude of the Equifax breach, how could the updated OWASP list still place known vulnerabilities so close to the bottom?
Had the company been more on top of their usage of components with known vulnerabilities, like the one in the Apache Struts2 project, then they could have avoided the breach and exposure of sensitive data that followed, forcing their top level leadership to resign.
Reviewing this list, it feels like OWASP put the end result of the breach, the part after the hackers broke through the perimeter defenses, before the initial flaw which was leaving wide open — and easily solvable — gaps in their walls. To compare this to network security, having good detection protection is very important to catch attackers who have made it inside your system, but you still need to prioritize tools like micro-segmentation and firewalls to prevent them from making it inside in the first place.
THE EQUIFAX BREACHLESSONS LEARNED Download Free
Whitepaper
Looking to 2020
Assuming that OWASP continues to issue their updates every three years or so, we can look forward to 2020 for the next round of changes to the list.
Our first hope for the future list is that we can finally knock injections off its pedestal, instilling in programmers a smarter way of working to keep stupid attacks like that from being effective.
If the industry continues on its current path towards a dominant DevOps approach, we can predict that more of the issues down the line will relate to how to work safer in this faster paced environment.
Three years is quite a lot of time in the technology space, and automation tools could help to take a lot of the work out of making our products secure. With any luck, a combination of better education on best practices and automation that take a lot of the effort off the minds of developers, helping to reduce this list to the more complex elements that truly demand our attention.
It is imperative that students learn about computing in school -- the earlier the better. The problem? Sometimes teachers aren't very knowledgeable about computers. In other words, some of these educators simply aren't qualified to teach young people about computing. In order for these people to teach future generations about computing, they must first learn about it themselves.
Today, Google announces that it is donating £1 million worth of computer training to U.K. teachers. Don't misunderstand -- the search giant is not just throwing money at the situation. Instead, Google will be having some of its employees provide actual time and assistance to these educators -- how cool is that?
"Today we're announcing £1 million in grants to support training for secondary school computing teachers in the U.K. The Google.org grant will allow the Raspberry Pi Foundation, the British Computer Societyand the National STEM Learning Centre to deliver free computer science and pedagogy training for thousands of key stage 3 and key stage 4 teachers in England over three years, with a specific focus on disadvantaged areas," says Obum Ekeke, Head of UK and Africa Computer Science Education Programs, Google.
ALSO READ: Google Code-in 2017 open source mentor organizations revealed, including Ubuntu!
Ekeke further says, "Through this effort, they will make make online courses and professional development resources available to teachers anywhere, anytime, for free, and deliver free in-person workshops for teachers across the country. Googlers care deeply about helping to develop our future computer scientists, and many of them will give their time and skills to this program. A team of Google engineers and learning and development specialists will volunteer with Raspberry Pi to ensure that all teachers are able to access the online resources and courses."
This is hardly Google's only such donation to computer education, however. The search giant previously donated more than $40 million of similar computer science training to various organizations. This £1 million donation is just another in a long line, and Google deserves major kudos for this initiative.
Photo: Flickr, CC
We'll Really Appreciate the Foresight in 15 Years
As we recently mentioned , a group of environmental organizations (the NRDC , the Sierra Club , and Environment America , etc) are pushing the Obama administration to increase the fuel economy targets for the US fleet to 60 miles per gallon (MPG) by 2025. To show the White House that such a move would have popular backing, they've commissioned a national survey of US voters. So how did John Q. Public respond to the idea?
Results
78% favored regulations requiring the auto industry to reduce CO 2 emissions from light duty vehicles.
emissions from light duty vehicles. 88% said is important for the US to take action now to increase fuel efficiency.
Were a more stringent fuel economy standard to be implemented, 63% said it was likely the cost of vehicles will increase too much.
If President Obama were to implement a 60 mpg by 2025 rule, 28% of respondents would feel more favorable toward him, while 14% would feel less favorable. If Obama refused to implement a 60 mpg standard, 13% would view him more favorably, while 25% would view him less favorably. Overall, 51% of respondents view Obama favorably, 44% unfavorably.
The survey was conducted by the Mellman Group. The main finding is that "74% of likely voters favor having the federal government require the auto industry to increase average fuel efficiency...to 60 miles per gallon by the year 2025." Even better, that number only drops to 66% if you tell the likely voters that this would add $3000 (more on that below) to the cost of a new car.One problem with that is that they asked "Would you favor or oppose that proposal if it added $3,000 to the price of a new car in the year 2025?" and didn't factor in inflation. But chances are that the average person answered the question thinking of the value of current dollars and didn't whip out the calculator to see what kind of purchasing power $3000 would have in 2025 based on a variety of inflation curves. It's a flaw in the methodology of the survey, but it still gives us an idea of what people think.
Take Away From All This
There's always a difference between what people will tell you on the phone and what they will do with their hard-earned dollars. The real numbers right now are probably a bit lower. BUT, it seems very likely that if in the next decade fuel prices spike in the USA, support for such a measure would also increase. The US still has very cheap gasoline, and yet there's decent support for more stringent fuel economy measures. What if a gallon of gas started to cost $4, $5 or $6? Or more..?
Better to act now than to wait for that to happen. The environment will thank us, and our wallets will also appreciate the foresight.
Methodology note: The survey had a sample size of 1,000 and a margin of error of plus or minus 3.1%. It was conducted via telephone between 8-13 September.
Via UCSUSA (pdf), GCC
More on Green(er) Transportation
What is Car Sharing and How Does it Work?
Hello Electric Wants to Give BP CEO Tony Hayward an Electric Car
Copenhagen's SUVs (aka Cargo Bikes)
File this under unsurprising, but nefarious nonetheless.
Members of U.S. Congress who vote against mandatory labeling for genetically modified (GMO) products receive three times as much funding from the food and agriculture lobbies as their colleagues, according to new reporting from Open Secrets, a project of the Center for Responsive Politics.
The political finance watchdog group found that the supporters of the anti-labeling bill which passed the House of Representatives last Thursday collectively received $29.9 million from the agribusiness lobby and food and beverage industry during the 2014 election cycle.
At 230 Republicans and 45 Democrats, that averages roughly $108,900 per member to support HR 1599—officially titled the Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act of 2015 but known by its opponents as the DARK (Deny Americans the Right to Know) Act. HR 1599 passed with 275 to 150 votes.
Meanwhile, co-sponsors of the anti-labeling bill "received six-figure dollar amounts from providers of agricultural services and products...during the 2014 election cycle. That put them high among the top 20 recipients of funds from the industry," Open Secrets reports.
Among those lawmakers are Reps. Collin Peterson (D-Minn.), Frank Lucas (R-Okla.), Rodney Davis (R-Ill.), Mike Conaway (R-Texas), and Kurt Schrader (D-Ore.), most of whom also sit on the House Agriculture Committee.
As Common Dreams reported last Thursday, HR1599 "was backed by the food industry, including the Grocery Manufacturers Association and Monsanto Company, which have poured money into defeating GMO labeling initiatives."
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Open Secrets continues:
Reps. Mike Pompeo (R-Kan.) and G.K. Butterfield (D-N.C.), two original sponsors of the legislation, were the top two current House members receiving the most money from the Grocery Manufacturers Association in 2014. The grocery manufacturers — who have spent $4.1 million lobbying on all issues so far this year, almost as much as they spent in all of 2014 — have lobbied on the bill more than any other organization, mentioning the measure on 14 lobbying reports this year. After the Grocery Manufacturers Association, PepsiCo Inc ($2.5 million in overall lobbying this year) and Monsanto Co ($2.6 million) have mentioned the bill most frequently.
Food and environmental activists called for the Senate to vote down HR 1599 when it reaches the chamber.
"Passage of this bill is an attempt by Monsanto and its agribusiness cronies to crush the democratic decision-making of tens of millions of Americans. Corporate influence has won and the voice of the people has been ignored," Andrew Kimbrell, executive director of Center for Food Safety, said last week.
Added Ronnie Cummins, international director of the Organic Consumers Association, "It's time to hold every member of Congress accountable. Either they stand with Monsanto and Big Food in support of the DARK Act, or they stand with the overwhelming majority of their constituents for truthful labeling and consumer choice."
Roberts was one of 13 NSW-eligible stars identified by the NSWRL hierarchy as future State of Origin players. However, his invite to Saturday's emerging camp at Star City has been rescinded. "We have had discussions with the Brisbane Broncos today," NSWRL boss David Trodden said. "It was the Broncos' view that James' welfare would be best served by him not attending the camp on this occasion, and we support their approach to it." Roberts has long been considered a future Blue, particularly after earning Dally M centre of the year honours following his breakout 2015 season with the Gold Coast. However, the Love Nightclub incident – the latest in a concerning number of alcohol-related incidents – has cost him the chance to join fellow invitees Shannon Boyd, Reagan Campbell-Gillard, Nathan Peats, Nathan Cleary, Jordan McLean, Bryce Cartwright, Ryan James, Joey Leilua, Latrell Mitchell, Junior Paulo, Jake Trbojevic and Tom Trbojevic. The Broncos have stood by Roberts but have acknowledged that his commitment to giving up alcohol is just the first step towards overcoming his personal issues.
The controversial three-quarter was already on a lifeline at the club after an incident at the Normanby Hotel in Brisbane late last year, and he had only just returned from a stint at a Thai rehab clinic. Brisbane CEO Paul White said he understood calls for Roberts to be cut loose from Red Hill, but the evidence on this occasion did not demand they bring the axe down on the 23-year-old's career. He said Brisbane had remained at arm's length from the NRL investigation and were prepared for any course of action – including sacking Roberts – depending on the findings handed down from head office. "When you sit and look at things on balance, the outcome if a breach was sustained would have been fairly drastic," White said. "With the facts that were presented, we just weren't prepared to give up on James at this stage. It wouldn't have been right. And it wouldn't have been fair. "I know there were plenty of people who wrote his obituary. But that just couldn't stand up with what ultimately came out of the investigation.
"It hasn't been easy. It's been tough. And I understand there will be people disappointed. I ask them to consider whether a fair process has taken place. And it has. Was it enough to end a young man's career? Our position is no." White said Roberts had beaten them to the punch when it came to dealing with his alcohol issues, volunteering to go cold turkey, in a move that will be policed and supported by club welfare staff. "Is there going to be a booze ban in place? James has now arrived at the position where he's going to withdraw from alcohol," White said. "We're going to hold him to account for that." Roberts had an underwhelming first campaign with the Broncos, and will be under even greater scrutiny in his second season under coach Wayne Bennett. White said that was the least of his concerns, and Roberts had become accustomed to focusing on football during periods of controversy.
Lionel Messi hopes to become a Copa America winner in just two days time. It's one of the few titles lacking from his extensive list of honours in football.
Sport EN
For Argentina, he has already won the Olympic Games and the U20 World Cup. In fact, it was exactly 10 years ago (July 2, 2005) that he won the latter of those two in Holland.
With the No.18 on his back, Messi scored two penalties as Argentina beat Nigeria 2-1 to win the competition. He was also named the tournament's top scorer and the tournament's best player.
However, he started that tournament as a substitute. Little by little, his role in Francisco Ferraro's team grew and he first started a game against Egypt. He scored in that game and started from then on.
Now Messi, as well as Ezequiel Garay, Pablo Zabaleta, Lucas Biglia, Fernando Gago and Sergio Aguero, can help that generation of players add another trophy to the national team's haul.
Residents look up towards a military helicopter flying over the compound where al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was killed in Abbottabad May 4, 2011. (Photo: Faisal Mahmood - Reuters)
Last week, the Guardian broke the news that in the run-up to the raid on Osama bin Laden's compound, the CIA used a vaccination campaign as a ruse to get DNA evidence from the al-Qaeda leader's kids. With help from a Pakistani doctor, Shakil Afridi, they set up clinics in two neighborhoods, delivering doses of the Hepatitis B vaccine to local children. The revelation drew a quick and angry response from health experts. Medecins Sans Frontieres called the operation “a dangerous abuse of medical care.” In the Washington Post, Orin Levine and Laurie Garrett warned that the CIA's “reckless tactics could have catastrophic consequences.”
Indeed, they may. Here are three reasons why this is bad news for public health:
1. Broken Trust
When people don't trust medical personnel, they're less likely to participate in legitimate public health campaigns. Eight years ago, rumors spread that an anti-polio campaign in Nigeria was an American plot to sterilize Muslim girls, causing many families to refuse the vaccine. The subsequent outbreak spread to eight countries. In Pakistan, the CIA's operation may hurt a effort to eradicate polio, argue Levine and Garrett:
Many Pakistani communities suffer from preventable infections, including ones that have been brought under control or eradicated elsewhere. Pakistan is the last place on Earth where wild polio still spreads in local outbreaks. Only a handful of places elsewhere in the world have sporadic cases, and vaccine campaigns are vigorous in those areas. But if the Rotary Club, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, governments and others working to eradicate polio realize their aspirations, Pakistan is where victory will be pronounced. Complicating matters is the fact that Pakistan recently dissolved its Ministry of Health, which has left international programs to negotiate directly with local leaders. Many such leaders may be inclined to distrust doctors or to believe that vaccination programs are CIA ploys designed to hurt their communities.
2. Compromised Security
The CIA's vaccine ruse bolsters the belief that humanitarian workers are government agents, which may heighten the risk of violence against them. Chris Albon a Ph.D. candidate and the founder of conflicthealth.com, reports that there is a recent history of violence attacks on humanitarian workers in Pakistan and Afghanistan. In 2007, a doctor who spoke out against anti-vaccine propaganda was killed in Bajaur agency. The same year, he notes, Taliban fighters kidnapped a public health worker and held him captive until he promised to stop vaccinating children. Last August, Taliban gunmen captured and killed ten aid workers in Afghanistan, claiming they were spies. Such incidents keep health workers out of high-need conflict zones, often the very areas that are in need of care.
3. Conspiracy Theories, Galore
Humanitarian organizations have spent years trying to convince people that international aid workers are not, in fact, spies, or agents of doom. In Abbottabad and elsewhere, that's going to be an increasingly tough sell.
Emily Rauhala is a writer-reporter at TIME. Find her on Twitter at @emilyrauhala. You can also continue the discussion on TIME's Facebook page and on Twitter at @TIME.
Holden and Ford owners are looking to cash in on local car industry nostalgia.
Auction house Lloyds has announced it will auction off a number of rare and late model Holdens and Fords at the Gold Coast on the 16th of December just months after Holden - the last remaining local car manufacturer - ended its local production.
The main drawcard is the HSV GTSR W1 – the fastest, most powerful locally-built car – which is expected to go for a record $300,000.
Holden's tuning division, HSV, only built 300 examples of the W1, with build number 36 going to auction with only 21km on the clock.
The W1 is powered by a stonking 6.2-litre supercharged V8 engine that produces 474kW of power and a hefty 815Nm of torque.
Plenty of potential customers missed out on the sell-out sedan, which was originally listed for $169,990 plus on-road costs, which would be about $200,000 in the driveway.
The price premium is a big increase considering the young age of the W1 - which only launched in 2017 - but isn't unheard of, with other profit hunters selling their newly received W1s at a steep premium to enthusiastic Holden fans.
Lloyds will also feature a Ford Falcon XR6 Turbo Sprint, which is one of only 500 built and has just 1200km on the odometer.
The HSV GTSR W1 is Holden's ultimate muscle car. Photo: Supplied
For all the latest HSV information, visit our showroom.
Interested in buying Holden Special Vehicles GTS? Visit our Holden Special Vehicles showroom for more information.
We all seem to be in unanimous agreement: fathead pizza is delicious. So what about fathead pizza rolls? I think you guys are going to love them just as much as I do!
Don't forget to PIN it for later! ?
I'm usually a meatza girl when it comes to satisfying my pizza cravings, but people rave about fathead pizza. I was beginning to wonder if it truly lived up to the hype, so I finally tried it. Oh boy, am I glad I did! It's like… real pizza. With a bready crust and everything. Seriously, if I ordered a pizza and this was delivered to me, I don't think I would have even questioned it. Keto meatza is fantastic, but sometimes you just want bready goodness, ya know?
Fathead Pizza Dough
The crust is the superstar of the recipe. Once I realized how great the ingredients worked as a pizza dough, I immediately started thinking of different ways I could incorporate it into my cooking. Then pizza rolls came to mind!
Get the 20 Best Fathead Recipes FREE! A directory of the most creative Fathead recipes on the Interwebz. More than just the pizza everyone is crazy about! Success! Now check your email to confirm your subscription.
It wasn't a stretch of the imagination by any means, but the results are tastier than I could have possibly envisioned.
If you love pizza rolls, I guarantee you will want to hang on to this recipe. Not only are these a healthy replacement for the frozen variety you'd find at your grocery store, but they also taste at least 10 MILLION times better. I repeat, 10 MILLION times better.
Even my partner, a recovering pizza roll addict, admits that these are way better.
I'm hoping to replace this (absurdly frequent) conversation:
Me: “Want anything from the store?”
Him: “Pizza rolls.”
Me: “Omg. MORE?! Why? How?”
With this conversation:
Me: “Want anything from the store?”
Him: “I don't care what you get. But if you make fathead pizza rolls tonight, I'll do the dishes for all eternity.”
Me: “And rub my back?”
Him: “Of course!”
Me: “Deal.”
I'll let you know how that goes. But in the meantime, on to the fathead pizza roll recipe!
The fathead pizza roll recipe
I utilized the same ingredients for the crust as the original fathead pizza. They are simple and easily accessible: almond flour , shredded mozzarella, egg, cream cheese and a small sprinkle of garlic salt.
Melt the two types of cheese in the microwave or an oven-safe dish and mix. This process will only take about a minute in the microwave but will take little longer if using your oven. Drape a cookie sheet with parchment paper and sprinkle a tiny amount of almond flour and garlic salt onto the surface. The parchment paper is key to getting the dough to lift off the cooking surface once you are ready to roll it, so don't skip out on it!
Once the mozzarella and cream cheese is nice and gooey, stir it together with your almond flour and egg. Try to work quickly to avoid the cheese from hardening. If it does harden, you can briefly throw it back in the microwave or oven to soften it up. Don't leave it in too long or it will start to cook the dough, and you won't be able to spread it thinly.
Place your fathead pizza dough onto the parchment paper and spread it into a thin rectangular shape. You can use your fingertips or a rolling pin to smooth it out. If you go the rolling pin route, I would suggest using an additional sheet of parchment paper on top since it tends to get a bit sticky.
Once you've got a nice thin layer of dough, poke some holes throughout and pop it into a preheated oven at 400 degrees F for about 2-3 minutes. The dough should be slightly hardened, but not thoroughly cooked, for ease of rolling.
Get the 20 Best Fathead Recipes FREE! A directory of the most creative Fathead recipes on the Interwebz. More than just the pizza everyone is crazy about! Success! Now check your email to confirm your subscription.
Remove the partially baked dough from the oven. Use a knife or spatula to separate the edges from the parchment paper, and then add your toppings. I used tomato sauce, shredded mozzarella, pepperoni, salami, and black olives. Feel free to use any toppings your heart desires, just make sure to distribute them evenly across the top.
Now it's time to roll! Start by gently folding one edge in on itself and continue rolling up into a little pizza log. You can decide to roll from a short side or a long side, both ways are equally delicious! I started from a shorter edge to get a thick spiral, but you could roll length-wise instead to get skinnier rolls. The choice is yours!
Take a sharp knife and slice your log into slices, as thick or as thin as you like. I made mine a little over 1 inch thick. Lay the slices flat and throw them back into the oven for 10-15 minutes, until your dough bakes to a golden crisp.
Enjoy your low carb pizza rolls!
Looking for another creative way to use fathead pizza dough?
Try one of these recipes!
5 from 2 votes Print Fathead Pizza Rolls [Recipe] – Low Carb & Gluten-Free Mozzarella dough is used to create pizza rolls without all of the carbs! Prep Time 5 minutes Cook Time 15 minutes Total Time 20 minutes Servings 12 pieces Calories 97 kcal Author Tasha Metcalf Ingredients The Dough 1.5 cups Low Moisture Mozzarella Cheese Shredded
2 tbsp Cream Cheese
3/4 cup Almond Flour
1 Egg
1/2 tsp Garlic Powder The Filling 2 tbsp Rao's Marinara Sauce
Mozzarella Cheese Shredded, to taste
Black Olives Minced, to taste
Pepperoni Minced, to taste
Salami Minced, to taste US Customary - Metric Instructions Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Drape cookie sheet with parchment paper. Sprinkle garlic salt and a small amount of almond flour on the surface of the paper. Melt the mozzarella and cream cheese in the microwave for 60 seconds. Stir almond flour and egg in with the melted cheese mixture to form the dough. Flatten the dough out into a rectangular shape on the prepared parchment paper. Bake the dough for 3 minutes at 400 degrees F. Remove from oven and lift edges of dough from parchment paper. Spread tomato sauce across the surface of the crust. Evenly distribute the rest of the pizza toppings over the sauce. Starting with one edge of the crust, gently roll into a log. Using a sharp knife, cut into slices. Lay slices flat on top of parchment paper covered cookie sheet. Bake for 10-15 minutes, until dough becomes golden. Nutrition Facts Fathead Pizza Rolls [Recipe] – Low Carb & Gluten-Free Amount Per Serving Calories 97 Calories from Fat 63 % Daily Value* Total Fat 7g 11% Saturated Fat 2g 10% Cholesterol 23mg 8% Sodium 112mg 5% Potassium 21mg 1% Total Carbohydrates 2g 1% Protein 5g 10% vitamin A 2.8% Calcium 12.2% Iron 2% * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.
Get the 20 Best Fathead Recipes FREE! A directory of the most creative Fathead recipes on the Interwebz. More than just the pizza everyone is crazy about! Success! Now check your email to confirm your subscription.
Remember that time when an official made a bad call in a game that cost one team a win? Remember when you would complain that the official should be punished for making such a terrible decision that affected a game?
Well, the KHL is way ahead of you.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
During Lokomotiv's 3-2 shootout victory over Traktor, their goal that made the game 2-1 in the second period should have never counted thanks to a missed "too many men" call.
Here's video of the controversial goal:
Serious shades of Penguins-Red Wings and Avalanche-Canadiens there.
Traktor complained to the KHL after the game, and the league has responded by suspending all four officials involved in the game.
From Ria Novosti:
The KHL accepted Traktor's complaint that Lokomotiv had six players on the ice when Sergei Plotnikov made it 2-1 to the visitors in the second period. "There was a controversial episode associated with too many men on the ice for Yaroslavl in a scoring attack," the KHL said in a website statement. "There was a grave mistake made by the referees." "The referees were required to cite too many men for Lokomotiv and call a minor violation by the team."
The two head officials will be banned for three games, while the linesmen will not work another KHL game this season and instead have been sent down to the Russian Major League.
You know, if the NHL is really looking to make in-roads in the PR battle, maybe a public announcement of referee punishments would quell some anger next time a high-stick or offside is missed?
Just think of how much shorter Stephane Auger's career would have been.
Follow Sean Leahy on Twitter at @Sean_Leahy
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- A judge issued a warrant for the arrest of Cleveland Browns wide receiver Josh Gordon after he failed to respond to several months' worth of subpoenas in a paternity case.
Cuyahoga County Juvenile Court Judge Alison Floyd authorized the arrest warrant Aug. 31.
Gordon is prohibited from speaking to the media because of his four-game substance abuse suspension. cleveland.com is attempting to reach his agent to talk about the case.
Previous coverage: Josh Gordon on eve of 4-game ban
The case stems from a complaint made in juvenile court from Christina Lockhart of Maple Heights, who says Gordon is the father of her now 1-year-old daughter.
Lockhart filed the complaint July 2, 2015, saying no one else is presumed to be the father, other than Gordon.
Lockhart is on public welfare and is seeking child support from Gordon, according to the complaint filed by Assistant Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Kira Kittoe Krivosh.
Subpoenas were sent to Gordon in Los Angeles, and several Cleveland addresses. Gordon never responded to them, according to court records.
The Browns, NFL, Addidas, the ticket sales website StubHub and powerful sports agent Drew Rosenhaus, who represents Gordon, were also issued subpoenas in the case. Rosenhaus has not yet responded to request for comment.
Gordon was ordered to provide a DNA sample to the court by Sept. 25, 2015, but never did so.
After Gordon failed to show up to the hearing on Aug. 31, prosecutors asked Floyd to issue an arrest warrant.
"We are aware of the situation," a Browns spokesman said in an emailed statement. "Josh and his attorney are working with the Cuyahoga County Courts to resolve this matter. We have no further comment at this time."
UPDATE: Josh Gordon complies with DNA request in paternity suit
EXCLUSIVE: Jeremy Helan to retire at age of 24 to concentrate on religion
Sportsmail understands Helan is disillusioned with the game
The Sheffield Wednesday player was once dubbed the new Patrice Evra
His deal at Sheffield Wednesday expires at the end of the season
A Championship footballer has stunned his club by telling them he wants to retire from the game at the age of 24 to concentrate on religion.
Sheffield Wednesday midfielder and defender Jeremy Helan, who came through the ranks at Manchester City, informed stunned Hillsborough officials of his plans last week.
ADVERTISEMENT
Sportsmail understands the former France Under 19 international, once dubbed the new Parice Evra, has become disillusioned with the game and is intending to go to Saudi Arabia after reportedly spending increasing amounts of time at a mosque in the city.
Sheffield Wednesday's Jeremy Helan (left) has retired from football to focus on religion
Helan (right) informed Hillsborough officials of his plans to quit the game last week
Helan's contract does not expire until the end of the season and talks over his future remain ongoing.
The player, known to be a private man, did not wish to talk about his situation.
However, a source said: ‘It is the talk of the dressing room. Jeremy told them what he wanted to do last week. He said that he wanted to quit for Saudi to concentrate on religion after becoming more involved at a mosque in Sheffield. The club is a bit taken aback by it. They are working with him to come to some kind of agreement.'
It is understood associates are speaking to Helan over his decision, including some who believe he should continue with his career in the game.
Helan was controversially signed by City at the age of 16 from Rennes in 2008. He decided against seeing out his contract with the French club and was suspended from international football for a month before compensation was agreed.
Helan made one appearance for City, coming off the bench in a League Cup tie, and had loan spells at Carlisle United, Shrewsbury Town and Sheffield Wednesday.
He joined the Owls permanently in 2013 and would go on to make 145 appearances for the club.
Last season, left-sided Helan was loaned to Wolverhampton Wanderers, for whom he played eight times before returning to Yorkshire to aide Wednesday's play-off bid.
It is understood associates are speaking to Helan, including some who feel he should continue
Helan played for Wolverhampton Wanderers eight times on loan last season
He came on as a second-half substitute in the play-off final at Wembley, which ended in a 1-0 defeat to Hull City.
This season he has made just one appearance for the Owls, picking up a yellow card in a 2-1 League Cup loss at Cambridge United on August 9.
ADVERTISEMENT
Sheffield Wednesday declined to comment.
Nvidia unveiled its new flagship GeForce GTX 1080 Ti graphics card at the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco on Tuesday, promising 35 percent faster performance than the GTX 1080.
That performance boost is thanks to a combination of hardware and software improvements. On the hardware side, the Pascal-based GTX 1080 Ti boasts 11GB of GDDR5X memory and an 11Gbps data rate. Nvidia also designed a new thermal vapor cooling system to dissipate heat from the card, which results in twice the airflow of the GTX 1080.
On the software side, the GTX 1080 Ti has two virtual crutches to help increase the processor's bandwidth: tiled caching and compression. Together, they double the video card's raw bandwidth, although it's worth noting that neither approach is new to the Pascal architecture: Nvidia's older Maxwell-based chips also use tiled caches to improve performance, for instance.
The PC gamers for whom this card is designed will necessarily want to know what a 35 percent performance boost translates to in terms of visuals. At a press event on Tuesday night, Nvidia CEO Jen-Hsun Huang (pictured above) offered a pre-recorded demo that showed a silky-smooth rendering of a camera panning around a sample video game character. It looked great, although Huang didn't offer the same demo run on the GTX 1080 for comparison.
And although much was made of the GTX 1080 Ti's 35 percent performance boost over the GTX 1080, Huang also briefly mentioned that the new card is also faster than the GeForce Titan X, a $1,200 GPU that is aimed both at hardcore gamers and artificial intelligence researchers in need of immense processing power. (It's worth noting that the GTX 1080 is also faster and cheaper than the Titan X, so the Ti is simply continuing a trend). Huang called the Titan X "relatively hard to buy," and seemed to suggest the GTX 1080 Ti as a worthy alternative.
Speaking of buying, you'll be able to put the $699 GTX 1080 Ti in an online shopping card starting March 10. Nvidia will also start taking pre-orders on Thursday. The cards will be marketed by the usual gaggle of Nvidia partners, including Asus, EVGA, MSY, and Zotac. As with other cards, there will also be an Nvidia-branded Founders Edition version.
Nvidia also announced that the GTX 1080 will get a $100 price drop to $499, sure to attract gamers who don't need the Ti's performance boost and are hoping to trade that flexibility for a discount.
Any kid knows that if you grab a lizard by its tail, it can snap off the tip and run away. Now it turns out some scorpions can pull the same stunt, sacrificing not only their stingers but also their ability to poop. Researchers have discovered 14 species of Ananteris scorpions in the northern jungles of South America that break off their tails to avoid capture. The discarded stingers writhe and wriggle on the ground, possibly to distract predators as the owner makes its escape. Back in the lab, researchers grabbed scorpions' stingers with forceps and found that the armored arachnids actively tore off their own tails when they felt the pinch (see video). Surviving scorpions' stumps healed within days, researchers found, but their tails, which contain the anus and part of the digestive system, did not grow back. Tailless scorpions survived up to 8 months in the lab, but their abdomens swelled with trapped excrement within weeks. At least one lost a second segment of tail to the internal pressure. In the wild and in the lab, male scorpions were much more likely than females to snap off their tails, the team reports this week in PLOS ONE. The results raise questions about the evolutionary trade-offs faced by the two sexes. Without their stingers, males could still hunt small prey and mate successfully, the researchers found, suggesting that 8 more months of life could be worth the world's worst case of constipation.
Supporters of Donald Trump face anti-Trump protesters in Lawrenceville, New Jersey, on May 19. Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/AFP/Getty Images
Last Saturday in Pennsylvania, after claiming that the election will be rigged as he is wont to do, Donald Trump said:
You've got to go out. You've got to go out. And you've got to get your friends. And you've got to get everyone you know. And you got to watch your polling booths, because I hear too many stories about Pennsylvania. Certain areas. I hear too many bad stories, and we can't lose an election because of you know what I'm talking about.
Last Sunday on CNN, Trump surrogate Rudy Giuliani laid it out in case that dog whistle wasn't sufficiently audible to mere humans:
There are a few places, and not many in swing states … where they have been notorious for stealing votes. Pennsylvania, Chicago. There have been places where a lot of cheating has gone on over the years. … Dead people generally vote for Democrats, rather than Republicans … what they do is, they leave dead people on the rolls, and then they pay people to vote those dead people four, five, six, seven, eight, nine times.
In short, Trump has tasked his supporters to be “election observers” who will keep “Crooked Hillary from rigging this election” by hanging around polling places and protecting the integrity of the vote.
Some of Trump's supporters appear awfully happy to sign on. This past weekend the Boston Globe spoke to some of them, including Steve Webb, a 61-year-old carpenter from Fairfield, Ohio, who told the Globe, “Trump said to watch your precincts. I'm going to go, for sure … I'll look for … well, it's called racial profiling. Mexicans. Syrians. People who can't speak American.” And what will Webb do if he finds any? “I'm going to go right up behind them. I'll do everything legally. I want to see if they are accountable. I'm not going to do anything illegal. I'm going to make them a little bit nervous.”
What seems like a throwback to the Jim Crow era—visions of armed “poll watchers” scaring voters under the guise of keeping the process clean—suddenly looks to be the nightmare scenario for the 2016 election. And Donald Trump's insistence, as recently as the third debate, that voting is “rigged” and that he might not accept election results if he loses, only creates more incentive for poll watchers to frighten voters.
Voter intimidation, roughly defined as any concerted effort to coerce the voting behavior of a group of voters, is a federal crime. “Whoever intimidates, threatens, coerces, or attempts to intimidate, threaten, or coerce, any other person for the purpose of interfering with the right of such other person to vote or to vote as he may choose, or of causing such other person to vote for, or not to vote for, any candidate for the office of President, Vice President, Presidential elector, Member of the Senate, Member of the House of Representatives, Delegate from the District of Columbia, or Resident Commissioner, at any election held solely or in part for the purpose of electing such candidate, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than one year, or both,” reads 18 U.S. Code Section 594.
So what is legal? Certainly every state allows for volunteer poll watchers, and has a legal right to do so. Almost all poll watchers are volunteers designated by specific candidates, parties, or election officials to monitor procedures and events at voting precincts. They are trained and briefed on the law. But laws vary by state and, according to this report in ProPublica, in 46 states the laws permit private citizens to challenge a voter's registration on or before Election Day. In Wisconsin, the report adds, “any voter can challenge someone's ballot based on the suspicion that they are not qualified. The same goes in Virginia, Oregon and South Carolina.”
An expansive report from 2012 by the public policy organization Demos makes clear how much polling challenges can vary. In some states, challenges may only be from other voters registered in that precinct; some must be written; some must be filed only in certain time periods.
A yearslong and meandering lawsuit challenging some poll-watching behaviors was filed by the Democratic National Committee and ended in 1982 with the Republican National Committee signing a consent decree that precludes the party from engaging in so-called ballot security efforts, especially in areas where racial or ethnic makeup could itself be considered a reason for the activities. The RNC tried and failed to have that decree lifted in the courts. Professor Rick Hasen warns that there is at least some problem holding the RNC responsible for the conduct of Trump voters acting without the RNC's cooperation and consent. Whether a court might find a connection between Trump's suggestions, the nondenouncement by the RNC, and the actions of Trump supporters at the polls is by no means clear.
As Garrett Epps notes here, three other civil rights statutes, which are largely underused, also protect against racial voter intimidation and bar conspiracies to deny voting rights in various ways. Election lawyers argue that these statutes should be given real force in this election if racially motivated vote suppression happens.
And that brings us, inexorably, to questions about jurisdictions with open carry laws. Does bringing a gun to a polling place in and of itself constitute voter intimidation? What if a poll watcher decides to bring a gun she is otherwise authorized to carry while she is challenging voters? And what if the pistol packer is not actively challenging voters but claims she is merely engaging in peaceful First Amendment speech?
The first part is easy: While some states expressly prohibit guns in the polling place, many more are silent on the question. Restrictions are up to the states. If the statutes regulating firearms and those regulating voting places don't forbid it, carrying is legal. Individual instances of intimidation would be resolved on a case-by-case basis in the courts, either by injunctions before Election Day or civil rights suits brought after.
The latter scenario is actually trickier, because demonstrating your love for the Second Amendment is unlikely to get you much traction under the first.
Whether carrying a gun to a polling place is protected as an expressive act has not been settled by the courts. But in other contexts, cases from Michigan, Ohio, and a decision from the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals all seem to suggest the simple act of carrying a weapon, without some additional expressive component, may not be a protected expression at all. And even if it were, the right to engage in First Amendment activity is, ironically, diminished the closer you get to a voting booth.
Most states prohibit “electioneering” in some form in or near any polling places. Electioneering restrictions can be as narrow as prohibiting advocacy (like wearing buttons or T-shirts) for a candidate or ballot measure and as broad as limiting discussion of partisan topics (Delaware) or attempting to influence the actions of a voter (New Hampshire). Some electioneering restrictions hint at a history of bought votes and voter intimidation—that's why loitering near the polls is off limits in seven states. Others seem antiquated: like, don't offer a Montana voter alcohol or tobacco outside the polling place.
All of these restrictions are constitutional. In a 1992 case called Burson v. Freeman, the Supreme Court held that the states have a compelling interest in preventing voter fraud and intimidation, an interest they can protect by limiting political speech in the final moments before a vote is cast. Against this constitutional backdrop, a symbolic speech argument—featuring the demonstration of a love of guns—is unlikely to fare well.
There's ample legal precedent for considering the polls sacrosanct. How that sanctity affects the right to carry a gun may be a question coming to a court near you in 2017.
It's useful to recall here that the court in Burson upheld a Tennessee law barring electioneering within 100 feet of a polling place, reasoning that the 15 seconds it took to walk that distance should belong to the voter alone, with as little interference as possible. After this campaign season, 15 seconds of peace before we vote seems like the least we deserve.
Read more Slate coverage of the 2016 campaign.
When President Theodore Roosevelt visited the Grand Canyon in 1903, he famously admonished the attending crowd to avoid meddling with the landscape. "Leave it as it is. You cannot improve on it," he said. True to Roosevelt's message, America's conservationists have since focused on maintaining the status quo, or at least restoring ecosystems to their natural state.
But due to the growing impacts of climate change, this can no longer continue, according to a new guide for land managers backed by multiple state and federal agencies.
"Addressing the growing threats brought about or accentuated by rapid climate change requires a fundamental shift in the practice of natural resource management in conservation," states the document, released yesterday by the National Wildlife Federation in partnership with the National Park Service, U.S. EPA, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the U.S. Geological Survey and several other federal agencies and nongovernmental organizations.
"While managers traditionally have looked to the past for inspiration, increasingly we will be faced with future conditions that may have no historical analogs," it states.
The guide is intended to demystify climate adaptation for habitat and wildlife managers. It provides a step-by-step process evaluating how ecosystems may be vulnerable to climate change and how conservation goals might be altered for the best possible outcome.
'No longer possible' to maintain nature's status quo
But the guide's authors stress the "best possible outcome" may mean ecosystems that look very different from how they did in the past.
"It is going to be a very big shift over the coming decades," said Bruce Stein, the National Wildlife Federation's director for climate change adaptation, who helped edit the guide.
"There's going to be places where we're going to try to do our utmost to keep it the way it is," Stein said, "... but that's not going to be possible indefinitely; in fact in some places and for some things, it's not possible even now."
Climate-change-related conservation decisions have already proved contentious.
Scientists sharply disagree about whether to introduce new wolves to Isle Royale National Park in Lake Michigan to breed with the current pack, which is inbred and in decline. Proponents of a "genetic rescue" claim that ice bridges to the mainland are forming less frequently as the planet warms, meaning the wolves can't breed with outside populations. Others say the decline would have happened even without climate change (ClimateWire, Dec. 3, 2013).
As with the case of Isle Royale, getting all stakeholders on board with future conservation decisions isn't going to be easy, Stein said.
"If there's one thing we've learned in the conservation community, it's that you need that broad collaboration," he said. "That's going to be especially tough as we increasingly are called on to make hard choices."
Aiming at a moving target
But according to T. Douglas Beard Jr., chief of USGS's National Climate Change and Wildlife Science Center, it is important for land managers to dive into climate change adaptation, even though future impacts aren't entirely predictable.
"We actually learn by doing—you put something in place, and then you evaluate when you're getting there," said Beard, who also contributed to the guide. "That's critical."
The guide encourages more agile management techniques that constantly take climate change into account, as well as strategies that can change depending on the outcome.
For example, land managers can restore coastal habitats to deal with saltwater intrusion while simultaneously providing migration corridors if those habitats become inundated due to sea-level rise—this effort is currently underway at the Alligator River National Wildlife Refuge in North Carolina.
Conserving a changing landscape may sound like a tall order, but Beard said he believes that, based on efforts he has witnessed over the past five years, America's land managers are up to the task.
"Maybe it's because they are actually now starting to see the real-life implications of climate change," Beard said.
Reprinted from Climatewire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing, LLC. www.eenews.net, 202-628-6500
James Foley died in a set of orange overalls, with both hands cuffed behind his back as he knelt on a dusty hillside in the Middle East.
A film of his murder, at the hands of a hooded Islamic State fanatic who spoke with a British accent, was uploaded to YouTube late on Tuesday night.
Though quickly deleted, it continued to circulate widely on other sites yesterday.
The grim video, lasting four minutes and 40 seconds, begins with a clip of U.S. President Barack Obama announcing recent air strikes against the jihadist group's forces in Iraq.
Scroll down for video
Obscene: American James Foley with his killer in the Islamic State film
It then shows aerial footage of one such strike, before cutting to what it calls ‘A Message to America' - clips of Foley and his killer reading pre-scripted statements blaming his imminent death on the United States' foreign policy.
The killer then approaches Foley from behind and attacks him with a knife. After a brief pause, the journalist's body is shown lying in a pool of blood.
Viewers are left with a haunting final image of another captured U.S. journalist, Steven Joel Sotloff, being held by the scruff of his orange overalls in what appears to be the same location. ‘The life of this American citizen, Obama, depends on your next decision,' declares Foley's killer.
As a piece of propaganda, this vile but slickly produced video was nothing if not effective, sparking international revulsion which prompted the Prime Minister to return early from his holiday in Cornwall yesterday.
But what does it really tell us about Foley, his killers, and their agenda? And how should the West respond?
WHAT DOES FOLEY SAY?
Gaunt, shaven-headed and dressed in an outfit designed to mirror those worn by detainees at Guantanamo Bay, Foley reads his final statement with remarkable clarity.
‘I call on my friends, family and loved ones to rise up against my real killers, the U.S. government,' it begins. ‘For what will happen to me is only a result of their complacency and criminality.'
Vicious: Later in the film the extremist brandishes a knife before murdering Foley
‘My message to my beloved parents: save me some dignity and don't accept any meagre compensation for my death from the same people who effectively hit the last nail in my coffin with their recent aerial campaign in Iraq.'
A microphone attached to Foley's lapel picks up the sound of him swallowing, before addressing the second part of his message to his brother, John, who serves in the U.S. Air Force.
‘Think about what you are doing. Think about the lives you destroy, including those of your own family... think, John, who did they really kill? And did they think about me, you or our family when they made that decision?
‘I died that day, John. When your colleagues dropped that bomb on those people, they signed my death certificate. I wish I had more time. I wish I could have the hope for freedom and seeing my family once again. But that ship has sailed.
‘I guess all in all, I wish I wasn't American.'
WHY DOES HE SAY IT?
People will, of course, say anything if a metaphorical gun is being held to their head. However the sheer vehemence of Foley's delivery is remarkable.
This led to some speculation yesterday that, after nearly two years in captivity, he had been affected by ‘Stockholm Syndrome', the psychological condition under which hostages begin to empathise with their captors.
A better explanation, however, is that Foley was instead simply unaware of how close he was to death.
Threats: Later clips from the video suggest that Foley has realised the fate that awaits him
He may well have previously undergone mock killings, in which he was released unharmed in return for obeying his captors. He could also have been misled about the context in which his statement was to be made public.
‘Typically, hostages about to be killed go into shock, and almost shut down, but here, he seems incredibly clear and lucid,' says Chris Chainey, a former hostage negotiator with the UK police who has worked to free hostages in Iraq.
‘That suggests to me that he doesn't know he's about to be killed, and thinks that he still has something to gain from co-operating with his captors.'
Chainey's thesis is supported by the fact that the propaganda video appears to have been filmed in several separate ‘takes'.
The first clip - in which Foley speaks - shows him looking focused and relatively calm while he appears to read the script out as instructed.
The second clip, in which his murderer speaks, seems to have been shot some time later (Foley's microphone has been removed). It shows the journalist sweating and twitching - suggesting he has realised the fate that awaits him.
WHAT ABOUT HIS KILLER?
Dressed in a black hood and robes, along with smart desert boots, the killer wears a leather shoulder holster and brandishes a knife as he apparently speaks on the video.
SHARING VIDEO MAY BE ILLEGAL People who share the gruesome footage online could be guilty of a criminal offence. The horrific video was viewed thousands of times yesterday, despite attempts to remove it from mainstream sites. The Metropolitan Police warned that those who posted links to the gory video of James Foley's murder could be breaking the law by spreading extremist material. This could include people retweeting links on Twitter or posting the video on Facebook. Scotland Yard said that even viewing such material could be a crime, although they added that they had no intention of arresting the ‘tens of thousands, if not millions of people' who had viewed the video.
‘This is James Wright Foley, an American citizen of your country,' he says, in an accent which suggests that he comes from London or somewhere in the South-East.
‘As a government, you have been at the forefront of the aggression towards the Islamic State. You have plotted against us, and gone far out of your way to find reasons to interfere in our affairs.
'You are no longer fighting an insurgency. We are an Islamic army, and a State that has been accepted by a large number of Muslims worldwide.
‘So effectively, any aggression towards the Islamic State is an aggression towards Muslims from all walks of life who have accepted the Islamic caliphate as their leadership.
‘So any attempt by you, Obama, to deny the Muslims their rights of living in safety under the Islamic caliphate will result in the bloodshed of your people.'
Though we can only presume the murderer in the video is the man whose voice we hear on the audio, experts on extremism say the killer's line of argument is common in Islamist circles, especially in the West.
‘You would be surprised at how much traction this sort of comments gets in the UK, even among non-jihadist groups,' says Ghaffar Hussain, the managing director of the anti-extremist Quilliam Foundation.
‘It's a feelgood narrative: blame everything bad on Western values, and hold out this fantasy to other Muslims of an Islamic state.'
The use of a Briton to carry out the murder, and speak in the video, is also, sadly, unsurprising, he adds.
HOSTAGE WHO LOVES ISLAMIC WORLD Freelance journalist Steven Joel Sotloff, now in the hands of Islamic State, has been missing since August last year after being kidnapped near Aleppo in Syria. The 31-year-old sent out his last message on Twitter, talking about his hometown basketball team, the Miami Heat. According to his Twitter account - on which he described himself as a ‘stand-up philosopher' - he was living in Benghazi, Libya, at the time. Captured: Freelancer Steven Joel Sotloff His family had reportedly previously been advised not to admit publicly that he had been abducted and there had been a media blackout on his disappearance. However, a family friend wrote about him online last year, saying he had gone missing and that he was praying for his safe return. A graduate of the University of Central Florida, his work had been published in TIME magazine, the Christian Science Monitor and various current affairs magazines, most lately on the crisis in Libya. His friend Anne Marloe said yesterday that he had lived in Yemen for years and spoke good Arabic. ‘He deeply loved the Islamic world... and for this, he is threatened with beheading,' she said.
‘First, it's not hard for ISIS to get hold of one: there are about 500 out there fighting for them. Second, they are making a video for a Western audience, so they need an articulate English speaker so it can be understood.
‘And third, it's more shocking for viewers, especially in Britain, to think that this killer came from a town like theirs, and was educated in a school like theirs.'
THE HORROR UNFOLDS
Foley's eyes are shut tightly as the killer approaches him from behind and grabs him by the chin.
What happens next is too gruesome to describe. Suffice to say that after the camera moves away, there is a pause and then the film shows Foley's body lying in the dirt. A pair of sandals are on the ground. The discarded knife lies next to a pool of blood.
It then cuts to an image of the American Steven Joel Sotloff, and declares that he will be next to die.
WHAT THE FILM DOESN'T SHOW
Though it leaves little to the imagination, the deeply disturbing film does not show the actual moment of Foley's decapitation. This marks it out from other, less sophisticated predecessors.
‘Some previous Islamist videos, such as the one showing the killing of U.S. hostage Nick Berg in 2004, didn't get widely shared because people regarded them as too graphic,' says Hussain.
‘This one, however, has been edited to make it less like a snuff movie, and therefore far more useful as a piece of propaganda.'
Chillingly, the video's producers appear to have learned this production technique from the makers of successful horror movies, who have for years worked on the basis that the most terrifying violence is often that which is hinted at - but not actually shown.
A GRUESOMELY SLICK PRODUCTION
At first glance, Foley's murder has much in common with those of both Berg and the British contractor Ken Bigley, who was kidnapped in Iraq in 2004.
All three men were handcuffed and dressed in orange overalls before being brutally decapitated with a knife. Their final moments were also then documented in gruesome films that were circulated via the internet.
Here, however, comparisons end. For while Bigley and Berg's murder videos involved grainy and chaotic camcorder footage, Foley's differs from predecessors due to its comparatively high production values.The makers of this week's video used multiple cameras, and professional microphones.
They worked competently with graphics and visual effects, and used editing tools to intersperse film of Foley with video of rolling news footage.
While Bigley and Berg's videos were produced in Arabic, Foley's was in English, with subtitles.
This should perhaps not come as a surprise: the Islamic State is now very well funded, due to its control of oil fields in Iraq and Syria (so it can afford expensive kit).
It boasts an estimated 2,000 recruits from Europe, many of whom are well-educated, with backgrounds in IT or video production.
In many ways, of course, that makes the film all the more appalling.
‘What is so depressing about this video is the fact that the killer and his accomplices are clearly so well organised,' comments Saif Rahman of the Humanist And Cultural Muslim Association.
‘These aren't crackpots or “Allahu Akbar” types. They aren't stupid. The killer, instead, seems to be an educated British man, who thought it through and knows exactly what he is doing. And that is something we should be very concerned about.'
WHAT DO THE FILM-MAKERS WANT TO ACHIEVE?
At face value, the video's aims are clear: to persuade the U.S. to stop the military action which has seen nearly a dozen air strikes against militants in Iraq since Tuesday.
In practice, it seems likely to achieve the opposite, raising international pressure to rein in the Islamic State. This has led to speculation that it was released in a double bluff, designed to draw the U.S. into a deeper conflict on the ground.
After all, such a move would, says Ghaffar Hussein, allow extremists actually to fight the ‘Great Satan', rather than simply being subjected to aerial bombardment.
Whether they can achieve this aim is unclear. Public opinion may be strongly opposed to further intervention for now, but the Islamic State is believed to hold roughly 20 other journalists, meaning it may decide the best way to advance its awful agenda is to go on murdering them.
This, in other words, is unlikely to be the last such gruesome video posted on the internet in the days and weeks to come.
1. SETUP AND CLEANUP
jameystegmaier wrote:
I think you make some fair points here, but there's just one I wanted to address, because it's something I tried to keep in mind when designing two of the components in Scythe: Point #1 (setup and cleanup). I was worried about this too when designing Scythe, and I wanted to cut down that time through two components: the plastic resource trays in the special versions of Scythe on Kickstarter and the dual-layered player mats in all versions of the game. The trays make resource and coin setup and cleanup MUCH faster, and the the receded slots in the trays make it easier for newbies to figure out where each token goes (it's a matter of fitting a token shape into a same-shaped hole). While there is still the setup of the faction mats and the shuffling of decks, I think those two elements will help reduce setup time.
2. YOU CAN ALWAYS MOVE UNLESS YOU CAN'T
Workers can't move into territories controlled by other players, as well as across rivers and lakes (unless you're playing the Nordic Kingdoms), unless they're carried by mechs with Riverwalk so long as they move into farms or villages (of course, lakes can only be accessed by mechs that have the Submerge or Seaworthy abilities). Don't forget, you must stop as a mech or character if you encounter enemy units, which is fine if you normally move since you can use your movement actions on your other units, but isn't the case if you use a double-movement from the bottom-row action of your factory card! We're not including mech abilities like Wayfare, Underpass, or Township, but they're kinda similar to tunnel movement rules.
3. SIMILAR FIRST STEPS
4. ENLISTING
5. STARS ARE NOT AS COOL AS EXPECTED
6. NOT WITH A BANG, BUT WITH A CALCULATOR
7. A WARMONGER'S WORST NIGHTMARE
In Conclusion
NJPW G1 Climax 26 2016 B Block Finals Preview August 13, 2016 We Write Wrestling – @WeWriteWrestlin
Hello New Japan fans and welcome to our preview for the final night of the B Block for the New Japan Pro Wrestling G1 Climax 26! The final's for the A Block happened last night…well this morning for those of us here in the West, and while I have not yet had a chance to watch the show, you can head here https://wewritewrestling.wordpress.com/2016/08/11/njpw-g1-climax-26-2016-a-block-finals-preview-august-12-2016/ to read the preview of that show. Now, let's get onto the finals of the B Block! This show takes place 8/13 and airs live starting at 5:30 AM EST on NJPWWorld.com (only 999¥ ! which works out to around 8-10 bucks.. trust me, it's worth far more!)
The final B Block show should be a pretty great show starting with the normal multi-man tags underneath.
Hiroyoshi Tenzan, Manabu Nakanishi, Jushin Thunder Liger, & Tiger Mask IV vs Yoshitatsu, Captain New Japan, Ryusuke Taguchi, & David Finlay
Not much to this match, other than the comedy that comes with perennial loser Captain New Japan trying to get tagged in and his team refusing to do so. Tenzan is all but done, this is his last G1 and many are saying he will be retiring before the end of the year which is good, he did really good in this last G1 but due to the injuries that will build up during the grueling G1 schedule he is pretty banged up. Nakanishi is almost immobile as well, but thankfully both Liger and Tiger Mask can still do despite their ages. Yoshitatsu is a waste of a spot on the NJPW roster, useless, Taguchi is nothing but comedy these days but at least they have David Finlay, King of Uppercuts, to carrying the work on their team. I am hoping that it's the good Captain taking the fall here and not Finlay.
Togi Makabe & Juice Robinson vs Tomohiro Ishii & Naomichi Marufuji
Marufuji has been working as a default member of the CHAOS stable this tour leading to speculation he could be coming back to New Japan from NOAH sooner rather than later. He is still one half of the Global Honored Crown tag team champions (with partner and current CHAOS member Toru Yano) but that shouldn't stand in the way. NOAH is basically owned by New Japan, kind of like how WWE bought WCW. The big exception here is that NJ is smarter than WWE and left NOAH as its own company, difference is now New Japan helps by sending talent there. Makabe and Juice have teamed together before and have worked well, and a Makabe Ishii match is always a violent spectacle! I look to see Marufuji pin Juice here
Hiroshi Tanahashi, Satoshi Kojima, & KUSHIDA vs SANADA, BUSHI, & Jay Lethal
Ring of Honor world champion is basically a member of Los Ingobernables de Japón, which is still a heel stable in NJ even though he has become a babyface here in North America. Doesn't matter, as I am pretty sure by end of the year LIJ will all be huge faces anyways. I am very excited to watch the Ace Tanahashi work with the ROH champ as Tana has gone on record saying he wants to win the ROH title at some point soon. KUSHIDA is one of the best wrestlers in the world right now and the current JR's Ace as he is the IWGP JR Heavyweight Champion so matches with him in it are always elevated. Kojima is another of the so-called 3rd generation, one of the New Japan Dads who despite his age can still give and take a beating. No way Lethal gets pinned in this match so I am going to go with the easy pick and have Tanahashi pin SANADA to get his G1 win back.
Kazuchika Okada, Hirooki Goto, Gedo, & The Briscoe Brothers vs Bad Luck Fale, Tama Tonga, Tanga Roa, Yujiro Takahashi, and Hangman Page
An old standby of the last few years, we get CHAOS vs Bullet Club in this match. Well, sort of. The Briscoe's are not in that stable at all but seem like a good fit and they will be defending the IWGP Tag Team Titles against Bullet Club members Takahashi and Page in a match that has zero build and zero heat. We also get Gedo, the booker of New Japan in this match. While his best days in the ring are beside him he is still fun to watch, plus all his swearing in English cracks me up. The Briscoe's are pretty over with the crowds, although still basically unknowns, and their opponents…what can I say… not much to be honest. Takahashi is the oddball as the only Japanese member of BC, and the least talented one at that. Page has only worked in NJ a couple of times and the crowds have no idea who he is. Page works as a BC member in ROH but not in NJ. This whole match is basically an attempt to give the rub to both of the teams in that title match, to try to build some heat. So expect a lot of BC shenanigans and while we won't get the same level of bullshit finish that WWE will give us (IE a count out or DQ) expect this match to end with cheating followed by a big BC beat down of the Briscoes
Okay, now on to the actual G1 matches. This is the final night of the B Block and the current standings are: Tetsuya Naito 6-2 (12 points); Michael Elgin, Katsuyori Shibata and Kenny Omega 5-3 (10 points); Toru Yano and Katsuhiko Nakajima 4-4 (8 points); Yoshi-Hashi, Evil and Yuji Nagata 3-5 ( 6 points); Tomoaki Honma 2-6 (4 points).
This Block is Naito's to lose. As long as he either wins, or goes to a draw with Kenny Omega, Naito is in the finals. For the rest of the block there is more of that crazy Gedo math involved.
Toru Yano vs YOSHI-HASHI
Both of these guys are mathematically out and will have no effect on the outcome at all, but should be a fun match, it is teammate vs teammate as both are members of CHAOS. This is YOSHI-HASHI first time being in the G1 and he has impressed quite a few people with how well he has worked, picking up wins against EVIL, Nakajima, and Omega, I expect big things from him going forward. Yano is… well, Yano… lots of comedy and nut shots. Yano does have wins over Elgin, Honma, Nagata and surprisingly Shibata. Of course his wins come via low blow and roll up, except for the match against Nagata which he won via countdown after taping poor Yuji's legs together. Yana is half of the GHC tag champs so I expect a similar win.. low blow, roll up.
Yuji Nagata vs Tomoaki Honma
I will be honest; when I started watching New Japan a year ago I scoffed at most of the 3rd generation guys as being just old guys hanging around past their prime. I was right with a few of the New Japan Dad's but Nagata has had an incredible year, even taking the NEVER Openweight title from Shibata for a while. He hits hard and can take a lot of punishment so he and the beloved Tomoaki Honma is a great opponent for him. These two have had many matches and I don't see a lot different out of this one. It really is a toss-up, but I will go with Nagata taking this one.
Michael Elgin vs Katsuhiko Nakajima
Elgin needs to win; he also needs Naito to lose. If Nakajima wins, Elgin is out. If Elgin is able to win, he also needs Kenny Omega to win his match, if that happens Elgin goes to the finals. I really don't see that happening, but it did lead to a fun little spot with Elgin during his post-match interview after his last match begging Omega to win, it was something along the lines of “I never thought I would say this be Kenny, please be serious and just win”. I would really love to see Elgin win this match, and I do see that happening to build heat for the final match.
Katsuyori Shibata vs EVIL
Simply put, Shibata is hurting. He comes to the ring with his shoulder taped up (as well as a few other areas) and it is clear by the way he moves and grabs it after moves that the shoulder is in bad shape; he clearly needs some time off. An EVIL win here knocks Shibata out of the running for the finals, and just like with Elgin Shibata needs The Cleaner to win to advance. I know there a lot of fans out there saying this is Shibata's year and that is time to pull the trigger on him. I think he is good where he is, he is still the NEVER champ and that should hold him. Plus as I said, he needs some time off. This is also the first G1 for Los Ingobernables de Japón member EVIL and he is winning over the crowds in a big way, the crowd even changed EVIL EVIL EVIL during his match against partner Naitio earlier in the tourney. Since Shibata is hurting, and this win would do so much for EVIL, I am picking EVIL for this win.
Kenny Omega vs Tetsuya Naito
This match is the key match for the finals of the B Block (funny how that works, same thing with the main event of the finals of the A Block, Gedo is a genius). I am very excited about this match as both these guys are outstanding Professional Wrestlers. Full disclose however on Omega. I had hoped that with his elevation from the JR ranks to Heavyweight, and being made the new leader of The Bullet Club he would tone down some of the comedy out of his act…not all, but some. This hasn't really happened, in fact, he seems to have turned it on more during this G1 (which is also his first). This could actually make for a great match as his opponent Tetsuya Naito is the most over person on the entire New Japan roster and will feed off the energy. Look for lots of cheating and shenanigans, all as top NJ ref Red Shoes looks on and wags his finger disappointingly. I went over all that is riding on this match for the others at the top of the block but again, all Naito has to do is draw or win and he will take the block and move to the finals. I don't see anything other than that as a result for this match.
The final night of the B Block takes place live on New Japan World ( njpwWorld.com ), if you have not subbed to this site due to the language barrier well I have the fix for you. There are a number of active accounts on Twitter that contain not only a guide on how to subscribe to NJPW World ( find that guide here https://www.reddit.com/r/SquaredCircle/comments/2nxb1q/how_to_sign_up_for_njpw_world_compliments_of/) as well as fans that speak Japanese that will do live translations of promo's as well as key comments from the commentary team. I recommend following these guys: https://twitter.com/e_key_oide , https://twitter.com/enuhito_eng , https://twitter.com/reasonjp , and https://twitter.com/SenorLARIATO to enhance your New Japan experience.
The finals of the B Block as well as the finals of the G1 will also have English commentary from ROH's Kevin Kelly and Steve Corino, they are joined by Roppongi Vice member Rocky Romero who does indeed speak a small amount of Japanese. The B block final is 08/13 starting at 5:30 AM EST. I will be back with a preview of the G1 Finals after the B Block show is in the books, that show takes place 08/14 with an earlier start time of 2 AM EST.
In the meantime, and in between time that's it from me! Feedback always welcome here and at twitter.com/derickjthompson (psst, give me a follow would ya!)
Advertisements
ChaosLife, one of the many comics made by A. Stiffler and K. Copeland, gives us a look into the life a really cute queer couple. It's funny, politically and socially savvy, at times touching and always clever. Whether they're detailing the hilariously relatable behavior of their cats, pointing out how ridiculous nature can be, or just showing us glimpses into their lives, they always know how to keep your attention. This comic tells stories from the lives of an agender person (Stiffler), their wife (Copeland), and their cats Konstantin and Peter.
I first came across ChaosLife when I saw their amazing drawing of Batman putting on fabulous eye makeup before donning the cape and cowl. I was totally won over when I checked out the comic and continued to read the thoughts and ideas of Stiffler and Copeland. The way they capture the complete absurdity that is having a cat as a pet is so perfectly spot on, it's a little scary. The way they explore gender and queer relationships is funny and sometimes cute, but always real. No matter what the subject matter, the thing ChaosLife does best is the way it really makes you want to be friends with this couple and get to know them. I was lucky enough to take the first step in that direction when I had the chance to interview Stiffler and Copeland about the comic and where they're coming from when they make their comics.
First off, can I have a bit of a background as to how you got into making comics? What comics and creators do you enjoy and get inspiration from?
It was really a drive to illustrate complex characters and the dynamics of their lives, something that can't be expressed by a stray illustration or painting here and there. We also wanted to create stories that we hadn't seen in comics before, like our own. Some of the comics we like to read include The Sandman, Blade of the Immortal, Calvin and Hobbes, Doonesbury and Johnny The Homicidal Maniac. We're a bit old school, but we definitely enjoy the newer comics that are being put out, if a bit infrequently. As far as creators go, we've been inspired by Jamie Hewlitt, Neil Gaiman, Hiroaki Samura, Bruce Timm and Nanae Chrono. They're all creators who really pushed the envelope of their genres and left lasting impressions upon the comic world.
When did you decide to start making comics as a job?
We first started making comics in earnest early 2011. We honestly didn't expect for it to be a full-time job, but fate had other plans and we wound up busier and more passionate about our full-time comics career than ever before.
A lot of your comics are fictional, so how did you decide that you also wanted to make autobiographical comics?
While the non-autobiographical comics were our first pursuit (and passion), we found ourselves in a bind when we wanted to talk about our own lives or something more humorous, political or GSM-related that didn't fit within strict story lines or short comics. Because of that, we started posting autobiographical comics on Reddit and since they had such an overwhelmingly positive reception, we decided to make a space for them permanently on the web. In a sense, ChaosLife was born.
Now, several of your individual comics have really exploded in popularity, what has that been like?
A little surreal! There's no rhyme or reason to which of our comics become viral. Sometimes it's because of a reference to popular culture, whereas other times it's because of something personal to us that just happens to be very relatable or humorous to the masses. Since it's so unpredictable, it's still very exciting every time that it happens. We get our fair share of hate mail for our gender/sexuality once they become public knowledge, of course, but them's the breaks. We try to keep it in perspective with all of the supportive messages, too.
One of your comics that I see reblogged on tumblr all the time is your Sleep Kama Sutra series. Is it a little weird to know that there are drawings of the two of you (even ones that you did) in such an intimate place plastered all over the internet?
At this point, not at all! Through our various social media platforms, we're both fairly transparent about our lives, even the most intimate parts. In fact, we are about to be contributors to Smut Peddler 2014, which means sex and other intimate topics are hardly taboo in our line of work! So, in essence, we aren't really ashamed to share even the most intimate details. While some people might see this as exhibitionist behavior, we see it as setting an example for positive views on the natural parts of life; whether that's sexuality, gender or simply the average human experience of trying to sleep with a cat in the bed.
You also touch on some other very personal issues, including A.'s gender (or lack thereof) and K.'s paranoid schizophrenia. How did you decide that you weren't going to shy away from talking about this kind of issues?
As mentioned before, we made it a point to try to be positive examples. Even in our fairly enlightened generation, there is a lot of stigma around many personal issues, such as mental illness, sexuality and gender. There simply aren't enough positive and empowering examples out there right now and if we could bare ourselves to the internet and provide that sort of outlet or explanation so others didn't have to, it seemed like a worthwhile endeavor. That's not to say that we didn't have caveats about it, but weighing the pros and cons, we could see what was right. After all, we both have fairly thick skins and can take the sort of hatemail and ire that sort of openness generates. And in the meantime, there are also letters of support and thanks from others that are enlightened, empowered and some who have been alright with themselves just by seeing someone out there living the same lives. Whatever happens in the course of our comics and lives we'll always be thankful for all of the people who have written in positively affected by the work we have put out. There's really not much else we could ask for.
After talking to them, I found myself enjoying these comics even more. If you've never read it before, or maybe you've only seen the occasional strip on tumblr or reddit, you should definitely check it out all the comics going back to 2011. If you enjoy them as much as I do and want to own a piece for yourself, they have a bunch of products that you can buy, whether you want a Kirk and Spock same-sex marriage shirt or a Cat in Ties print. The couple lives in Columbus, Ohio with their two cats and new pet snake, and the comic updates usually once a week.
Welcome to Drawn to Comics! From diary comics to superheroes, from webcomics to graphic novels – this is where we'll be taking a look at comics by, featuring and for queer ladies. So whether you love to look at detailed personal accounts of other people's lives, explore new and creative worlds, or you just love to see hot ladies in spandex, we've got something for you.
If you have a comic that you'd like to see me review, you can email me at mey [at] autostraddle [dot] com.
VIDEO: The Deported A surge in immigration arrests of people living in the United States under the Trump administration is having a devastating impact on long-term immigrants with strong ties to the US.
(Washington, DC) – A surge in immigration arrests of people living in the United States under the Trump administration is having a devastating impact on long-term immigrants with strong ties to the US.
According to numbers released by the US Department of Homeland Security on December 5, from the start of the Trump administration through the end of September, the number of immigrants seized in the interior of the country rather than at the border – many of them wrenched from their families and communities – increased by 42 percent compared to the same time period in 2016. Immigration arrests of people with no criminal convictions nearly tripled compared to approximately the same time period in 2016.
The 109-page report, “The Deported: Immigrants Uprooted from the Country They Call Home,” along with an interactive website that became live on December 5, 2017, documents 43 cases in which immigrants, many of them long-term residents with strong family and other US ties, were deported through proceedings that largely disregard immigrants' fundamental rights and almost never take due consideration of their US homes and families. Teams of Human Rights Watch researchers interviewed the deportees inside Mexico. The report also analyzes US government data on arrests and deportations in the first seven months of the Trump administration. (This data was provided by US Immigration and Customs Enforcement previous to its release of year-end numbers on December 5.)
“The numbers and accounts of the people who are being deported make clear that long-term immigrants with strong US ties are aggressively and systematically being scooped up and deported,” said Clara Long, senior US researcher at Human Rights Watch. “These are not outliers or a smattering of cases; instead, this is the brutal, destructive face of Trump immigration policy.” Expand Photos of long-term immigrants recently deported from the United States. © 2017 Human Rights Watch
Upon assuming office, Trump signed two executive orders that make nearly all unauthorized immigrants living in the US priority targets for arrest, detention, and deportation. The orders revoked guidelines that narrowed the focus of enforcement efforts to recent border-crossers and noncitizens with certain criminal convictions.
The impact of these actions has been immediate and severe, Human Rights Watch found. Under the Trump administration, there were a total of 110,568 interior arrests from January 20 through September 30, the end of the fiscal year, compared to 77,806 during the same time period in 2016. Of these arrests, 31,888 people had no criminal convictions, compared with 11,500 during approximately the same period in 2016.
Among those interviewed are:
Linda C., a 29-year-old mother of three US citizen children who came to the US when she was 4 years old, deported after a traffic stop;
Manuel G., a father with US citizen children and a local leader in Alcoholics Anonymous, deported after 29 years in the US after he was stopped by police for making a wide U-turn;
Sergio H., a US military veteran, lawful permanent resident, and owner of an auto body shop, deported after convictions related to drug dependency;
Omar G., who had lived in the US for over 20 years and who cared for his common-law US-citizen wife, who is disabled by crippling pain in her arms;
Alexis G., a 20-year-old who spent almost his entire life in the US, and who said, “If I were to sing an anthem right now, it would be the Star-Spangled Banner – I don't know the Mexican anthem”;
“Orlando,” who had lived in the US for 33 years and the father of a US citizen and a DACA recipient, who was a small business owner and landlord, and who was proud of having never “cost the United States a nickel.”
The full names or real names of those interviewed are not used for their protection.
Under current US law, despite these immigrants' close family relationships to US citizens and long-term presence in the US, they have no realistic way to gain legal status. The Deported Immigrants Uprooted from the Country They Call Home Download the full report
The Obama administration also deported millions of people with longstanding family and other ties to the US, but new policies announced in Obama's second term focused deportation efforts on recent border-crossers and people with criminal convictions the administration considered most serious. Obama also enacted Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), a program that gave temporary protection from deportation to tens of thousands of people who were brought to the US as children, without legal authorization. As a result, arrests and deportations of immigrants living in the US fell in the last years of the Obama administration. In September, the Trump administration rescinded DACA, exposing these young immigrants who grew up in the US to potential deportation.
“The stories of the people interviewed make clear the human impact of these stark numbers,” Long said. “Many of the people described how minor interactions with police, such as a traffic stop, triggered deportation, separation from their families, and now ongoing pain as their families struggle financially and emotionally.”
Governments have considerable leeway under international law to remove noncitizens from their territory, particularly when they are unauthorized. But this discretion is not without limits, Human Rights Watch said. The US has an obligation to weigh the government interest in deporting a person against the impact of removal on fundamental rights, including the right to family unity. In most cases, however, US law governing deportation accords no relevance or weight to immigrants' ties to home and family. The system also disregards the due process rights of many immigrants, denying many the opportunity to contest their removal at a hearing. Even when immigrants are able to secure an individualized hearing, under US law these factors are in most cases of no legal relevance in deciding whether the person should be removed from the country.
Congress and the Trump administration should reform the US's abusive immigration law and policy, starting with passage of a “clean” DREAM Act with no accompanying harmful tradeoffs, such as reduced protections for child migrants and refugees, as the White House has indicated it seeks. Congress should also decline any administration requests to increase funding of immigration enforcement efforts that are not tied to long overdue reforms to immigration law as well as efforts to increase transparency and address abusive conditions in immigration detention.
US law should be changed to offer a fair, individualized hearing to anyone facing deportation, in which the person's ties to US families and communities can be weighed against the government's interest in deporting the person. Those same ties should become the basis for a fair legalization program.
“At the very least, Congress should pass a clean DREAM act to begin to put some limits on harmful deportations,” Long said. “But the abusive detention and deportation system cannot be fully remedied without wholesale reform of the system.”
(Bloomberg)—A $90 billion wave of maturing commercial mortgages, leftover debt from the 2007 lending boom, is laying bare the weak links in the U.S. real estate market.
It's getting harder for landlords who rely on borrowed cash to find new loans to pay off the old ones, leading to forecasts for higher delinquencies. Lenders have gotten choosier about which buildings they'll fund, concerned about overheated prices for properties from hotels to shopping malls, and record values for office buildings in cities such as New York. Rising interest rates and regulatory constraints for banks also are increasing the odds that borrowers will come up short when it's time to refinance.
"There are a lot more problem loans out there than people think," said Ray Potter, founder of R3 Funding, a New York-based firm that arranges financing for landlords and investors. "We're not going to see a huge crash, but there will be more losses than people are expecting."
The winners and losers of a lopsided real estate recovery will be cemented as the last vestiges of pre-crisis debt clear the system. While Manhattan skyscraper values have surged 50 percent above the 2008 peak, prices for suburban office buildings still languish 4.8 percent below, according to an index from Moody's Investors Service and Real Capital Analytics. Borrowers holding commercial real estate outside of major metropolitan areas are now feeling the pinch as they attempt to secure fresh financing, Potter said.
The delinquency rate for commercial mortgages that have been packaged into bonds is forecast to climb by as much as 2.4 percentage points to 5.75 percent in 2017, reversing several years of declines, as property owners struggle with maturing loans, according to Fitch Ratings. That sets the stage for bondholder losses.
CMBS RECORD
Banks sold a record $250 billion of commercial mortgage-backed securities to institutional investors in 2007, and lax lending standards enabled landlords across the U.S. to saddle buildings with large piles of debt. When credit markets froze the following year, Wall Street analysts warned of a cataclysm, with $700 billion of commercial mortgages set to mature over the next decade.
"At the depths of the panic, it was just that: panic," said Manus Clancy, a managing director at Trepp, a firm that tracks commercial-mortgage debt. "That made people's future expectations extremely bearish. Extremely low interest rates over the last four or five years have forgiven a lot of sins."
The CMBS market roared back after a 16-month shutdown, and lenders plowed into real estate as an antidote to skimpy returns for other investments. The cheap loans helped propel property values to record highs in big cities such as New York and San Francisco, alleviating concerns about the mountain of debt coming due.
Credit for property owners has once again become scarce in some pockets. Borrowing costs jumped following the surprise election of President Donald Trump, and Wall Street firms are being more cautious as new regulations kick in requiring them to hold a stake in the mortgages they sell off. Other lenders are scaling back on commitments to property types and locations where problems have gotten harder to ignore.
STRUGGLING MALLS
Lenders are taking an increasingly dim view of retail properties—especially malls—as the growth of e-commerce eats into sales at brick-and-mortar stores. Malls tend to have higher loss rates than other property types after a default, increasing the stigma for lenders, according to Lea Overby, an analyst at Morningstar Credit Ratings.
When malls "start to go downhill, if nothing is done to turn the ship around, they plummet," Overby said. "The fate of some of these malls is very, very uncertain."
The Sunset Mall in San Angelo, Texas, added a glow-in-the-dark mini golf course in June, part of a nationwide trend of retailers trying to lure customers with experiences they can't find online. Yet when a $28 million mortgage came due in December, the borrower couldn't refinance it, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. The debt, part of a bond deal sold by Citigroup and Deutsche Bank in March 2007, was handed off to a firm specializing in troubled loans.
A similar storyline is playing out at an 82,000-square-foot suburban office complex in Norfolk, Va., whose tenants include health care services firms. The borrower stopped making payments on a $20 million loan that comes due next month and can't refinance the debt, Bloomberg data show.
Representatives for the owners of the properties didn't respond to calls seeking comment on the loans.
MANHATTAN TOWER
Landlords that own high-profile buildings in big cities are faring better. At 5 Times Square, the Manhattan headquarters for Ernst & Young, the owners are close to securing a five-year loan to pay off $1 billion in debt that comes due in March, according to Scott Rechler, chief executive officer of RXR Realty, which owns 49 percent of the building. RXR acquired its stake in the 39-story tower shortly after the building was sold to real estate investor David Werner for $1.5 billion in 2014.
"We are currently reviewing term sheets from a number of institutions and expect to settle on a lender within a week or so," Rechler said.
Some borrowers chipped away at the maturity wall by retiring their mortgages early in order to take advantage of ultra-low interest rates. At the same time, landlords with the weakest properties have already defaulted, further reducing the pool of loans that need to be refinanced. The maturity wall has been whittled down to about $90 billion from $250 billion in 2008, according to data from Morningstar. The firm estimates that roughly half of the remaining loans will have difficulty refinancing.
S&P analysts are predicting that about 13 percent of real estate loans coming due will ultimately default, up from 8 percent over the past two years, according to Dennis Sim, a researcher at the firm. That's their base case, but the default rate could be higher, he said.
"There are a lot of headwinds currently—with the interest-rate increase, with the new administration coming in, and also risk retention," Sim said. "Those three wild-card factors could also play a role in how some of the better-performing loans are able to refinance or not."
​
Andy Haldane fears the bursting of 'the biggest bond bubble in history' after electronic money printing exercises by the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve in the US
A key Bank of England policymaker has warned of the risks to global financial stability when "the biggest bond bubble in history" bursts.
In a wide-ranging testimony to MPs, Andy Haldane, Bank of England director of financial stability, admitted the central bank's new financial policy committee is taking too long to force banks to hold more capital and appeared to criticise the bank's culture under outgoing governor Sir Mervyn King.Haldane told the Treasury select committee that the bursting of the bond bubble – created by central banks forcing down bond yields by pumping electronic money into the economy – was a risk "I feel acutely right now".
He also said banks have now put the threat of cyberattacks on the top of their the worry-list, replacing the long-running eurozone crisis.
"You can see why the financial sector would be a particularly good target for someone wanting to wreak havoc through the cyber route," Haldane said.
But he described bond markets as the main risk to financial stability. "If I were to single out what for me would be the biggest risk to global financial stability right now it would be a disorderly reversion in the yields of government bonds globally." he said. There had been "shades of that" in recent weeks as government bond yields have edged higher amid talk that central banks, particularly the US Federal Reserve, will start to reduce its stimulus.
"Let's be clear. We've intentionally blown the biggest government bond bubble in history," Haldane said. "We need to be vigilant to the consequences of that bubble deflating more quickly than [we] might otherwise have wanted."
The Bank of England later issued a statement, describing Haldane's remarks as his "personal view" and stressed that if it raised interest rates – stuck at record lows since March 2009 – too quickly the consequences might be severe. "Any attempt to return interest rates quickly to more normal levels would recreate recession conditions," the Bank of England. Haldane said the FPC was on alert to any bubbles created by the help to buy mortgage guarantee scheme for first-time buyers and house movers, stressing the scheme should be temporary. Referring to the US, he said: "Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were temporary schemes and 75 years later they were still in place and blowing the world up."
He said the FPC, which meets quarterly at the Bank of England to spot the next financial crisis, had not been "entirely free" of political interference over the way the bailed out banks Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyds Banking Group had been forced to raise more capital.
A member of the FPC since it was created by the coalition in 2011, Haldane admitted the body had "lacked clarity and decisiveness" in setting capital levels for banks after first starting making recommendations on capital in 2011 but not concluding the shortfall was £25bn until March 2013.
"With hindsight that was too long a period of uncertainty," Haldane said.
He had argued more capital should have been put into the major banks and that the Treasury's refusal to put more cash into RBS and Lloyds had "constrained" options available to the FPC.
In his written evidence he seemed to refer to the management style of the outgoing governor. Haldane wrote that one of his personal objectives as "to contribute making the bank a more conversational, less hierarchical, more diverse, somewhat humbler organisation as a way of improving its accountability credibility and the quality of its decision making".
Andrew Tyrie, the chairman of the Treasury select committe, later raised comments made by Haldane and Donald Kohn, an external member of the FPC who also gave evidence, about the need to give the FPC power to limit the risks banks can take through the so-called leverage ratio. Haldane described this ratio as "the most robust measure of bank capital adequacy".
International regulators are setting a leverage ratio at 3% by 2019 – which allows banks to leverage their capital 33 times – and the FPC had wanted the ability to be able to adjust this ratio to limit the risks banks run.
"Mr Haldane told us that '33 times leveraged banking system sends shivers down my spine, if it were to be a long-run goal for financial stability'," said Tyrie. "The government should accept the banking commission's recommendations without further delay and grant the FPC this power," Tyrie said.
Haldane said: "For the FPC not to have been given directive powers over this instrument is a significant structural flaw in the current macro-prudential regime."
BRAD Pitt and Angelina Jolie are 'back together' after intense spiritual counselling, it has been claimed.
The A-list couple shocked the world when they announced their split in September last year after 12 years together and two years of marriage.
Getty Images - Getty 13 Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are back together, according to reports
AFP or licensors 13 The couple split last September after 12 years together and two years of marriage
Splash News 13 Brad reportedly made the first move when the former couple came face to face
But in the midst of their divorce, the stars have reportedly come face to face for the first time and decided to give their relationship another go.
The couple's biographer Ian Halperin told The Mail on Sunday of the meeting at a friend's home in Hollywood: "Brad took the first step forward, then they collapsed into each other's arms.
"There were a lot of tears, nothing was left on the table. They had it out, right there and then in this very modest house.
"In that moment they decided to make a fresh start. It was a 'come to Jesus meeting' that marked the beginning of a new phase in their relationship."
The biographer added Angelina and Brad were working to 'consciously re-couple' and decided to undergo intensive rehab and spiritual counselling sessions in a bid to get their relationship back on track.
The split came after a flight from France to Los Angeles last year, with Brad allegedly having a verbal fight with their eldest son Maddox, forcing them to land at a different airport.
Fame Flynet 13 The couple have six children together
Splash News 13 The pair decided to undergo intense spiritual counselling to try and get their relationship back on track
While close friends felt the couple could never repair the damage from the fall out of that incident, time apart has reportedly helped put things in perspective for them.
Ian explained: "Angie was very, very angry about the incident on the private plane between Brad and Maddox, she threw everything she had at him.
"It was toxic. I've spoken to many people around them, friends and family, and no one could see how they could possibly recover.
"But both of them realise they are happier together than apart. Once they cleared the air between them, things started to improve."
Getty - Contributor 13 Angelina didn't hold back in telling Brad how she felt during the meeting according to her biographer
Most Read in TV & Showbiz Exclusive SHAYK'S ANGER Bradley Cooper's lover Irina Shayk in feud with Lady Gaga after steamy duet HEART-LESS Capital, Heart and Smooth cancel local radio shows in huge national shake-up SLAY ANOTHER DAY Buffy The Vampire Slayer cast reunite 16 years after the show ended CRAWLING INTO BED DJ Chris Evans and wife Natasha horrified to find MAGGOTS in their bed Exclusive GRIM FOR KYM Kym Marsh's Michelle will split from boyfriend & lose baby before Corrie exit Exclusive EMER-GC Gemma Collins 'distraught' as mum rushed to hospital with pneumonia after Arg split
PA:Press Association 13 The couples time apart has helped them realise how much they mean to each other
Indeed, the biographer claims Brad and Angelina see themselves as the new Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor, who had a famously volatile relationship and married and divorced twice.
Ian explained: "Today, they are both feeling very positive. Angelina sees them as very much the new Burton and Taylor.
"They can't live together but they can't live apart.
"She has worked hard on herself since the plane incident, and so has Brad. They are still in love with each other."
Getty - Contributor 13 Angelina reportedly sees them as they new Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor
Getty - Contributor 13 Brad had a fight with the eldest son Maddox on a plane in the run up to their split
However, the news doesn't mean they are calling off their divorce, with the biographer insisting the couple think it will give them a fresh start, and reset things back to a time when they were happiest.
He said: "They both view divorce as not the worst thing that can happen.
"It's only a piece of paper and they feel once the divorce is done, they have a clean sheet and can start their lives anew."
The news comes as Angelina admitted she doesn't like being single.
AFP or licensors 13 The couple are still planning to go ahead with their divorce
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. 13 The pair believe it will give them a clean slate to start again
She told the Telegraph newspaper: "I don't enjoy being single. It's not something I wanted.
"There's nothing nice about it. It's just hard.
"Sometimes maybe it appears I am pulling it all together, but really I am just trying to get through my days.
"Emotionally it's been a very difficult year."
Getty - Contributor 13 The couple were together for 12 years and married for two before splitting
Rex Features 13 Angelina recently admitted she didn't like being single
Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220.
We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.
Sporting Kansas City will open the 2012 MLS Cup Playoffs with a national broadcast audience as Major League Soccer announced Monday that NBC will air the first leg of the Eastern Conference Semifinals at 2:30 p.m. CT on Sunday, Nov. 4.
Sporting Kansas City will begin the team's Quest for the Cup, presented by Budweiser, with a visit to No. 4 seed Chicago or No. 5 seed Houston for the first of two matches in the aggregate-goal series. Those two potential opponents will meet in the Eastern Conference Knockout Round at 8:00 p.m. CT on Wednesday at Toyota Park, live on ESPN2. The winner will advance to host Sporting KC on Sunday.
For all the latest on Sporting Kansas City's postseason, visit the SportingKC.com playoff guide.
Sunday's match will be the 10th Sporting Kansas City match shown on U.S. national television during the 2012 season and first Sporting KC road game broadcast across the country. The playoff fixture will also be the first time this year that a Sporting KC game has been shown nationally on network television and will reach an estimated 114.2 million homes in the United States nationwide.
On Monday, Sporting Kansas City released standing-room only tickets for the team's home playoff match at 8:00 p.m. CT on Nov. 7 at LIVESTRONG Sporting Park. The decisive match will be shown live locally on KSMO-TV and a limited number of seats are still available online at Ticketmaster.com or at the LSP Box Offices.
Sporting Kansas City supporters are encouraged to attend the Kansas City Cauldron's playoff rally on Tuesday at Crossroads KC at Grinders (417 E 18th St Kansas City, MO). The rally will feature a special playoff preview edition of The Sporting KC Show on Sports Radio 810 WHB, hosted by Callum Williams and Jake Yadrich from 7-8 p.m. CT live on location. The rally will officially kick off at 8 p.m. CT with Border Patrol co-host Nate Bukaty serving as the emcee for the special event.
Sporting Kansas City players will be in attendance and admission is free for all ages. Doors open at 6 p.m. CT and there will be random prizes given away throughout the rally, including a grand prize drawing for 2013 Sporting Kansas City Season Tickets.
Epilepsy and autism are relatively common conditions that can have a big impact on a person's life. They often occur together, and researchers have been looking for a possible link between them.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) estimate that some degree of autism affects 1 in every 59 children, or 1.7 percent of all children in the United States.
In 2015, 1.2 percent of the population in the U.S. had active epilepsy, according to the CDC.
If scientists find a link, this could lead to a better understanding of both conditions and contribute to more effective diagnosis and treatment in the future.
This article will look at some of the evidence of a link between autism and epilepsy.
What is the link?
Autism and epilepsy often occur together. They are seen as different conditions, but they may have some features in common.
Epilepsy
Autism and epilepsy often happen together. Autism and epilepsy often happen together.
Epilepsy is a disorder of the brain. It is a neurologic condition that can lead to different sorts of seizures.
In a person with epilepsy, a seizure happens when certain brain nerves fire abnormally and cause effects that the person has no control over.
There are two main types of seizure.
Focal seizures: These affect just one part of the brain. Around 60 percent of people with epilepsy have this type.
During a focal seizure, a person may experience:
changes in consciousness
sensory changes, where they feel or sense something that appears not to be present
repetitious or unusual behaviors, such as blinking, twitching, or walking in circles
auras, or a sense that a seizure is going to happen
Generalized seizures: Abnormal activity affects both sides of the brain.
The following may occur:
Absence seizures: The person appears to stare at nothing, with slight muscle twitches.
Tonic seizures: The muscles become stiff, especially in the back, arms, and legs.
Clonic seizures: There are repeated jerking movements affect both sides of the body.
Atonic seizures: A loss of muscle tone causes the person to fall down or drop their head.
Tonic-clonic seizures: This can involve a combination of symptoms.
Autism
Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is a disorder of childhood development. Symptoms can vary widely in type and severity.
The main ways in which autism can impact a person's life are:
Social interaction: The person will find it hard to communicate or interact with others. They may respond less easily to conversation, compared with their peers. They may have difficulty understanding body language, making eye contact, interpreting or showing emotions, and in forming relationships.
Interests and activities: A person may show patterns of behavior that are narrow and repetitive, and they may have a lower tolerance for change than their peers. Changes to a routine can be very distressing for a person with autism.
Research: Is there a link?
Epilepsy results from a malfunction in the brain. Autism, too, probably stems from a problem with the brain. The conditions affect different brain structures and functions, but some features overlap.
This has raised the question of whether there might be a biological link.
Scientists and doctors have found that epilepsy is more common in people who also have autism, and that autism is more common in those who have epilepsy. All types of seizures have been observed in people with autism.
Up to 32 percent of people with epilepsy also meet the diagnostic criteria for autism, according to an article in Pediatric Research.
Around 20–30 percent of children who have autism develop epilepsy before becoming adults.
A number of factors and features may underlie this link.
Some research has found that electrical activity in the brains of people with autism displays epilepsy-type discharges more often than in people without the condition.
Risk factors for both epilepsy and autism
Factors that may affect the chance of a link include:
Level of cognitive ability and development: Those with autism and epilepsy are more likely to have learning difficulties and developmental delays. In addition, people with active epilepsy and learning difficulties are more likely to have autism.
Having another neurogenetic disorder or other medical condition: This increases the risk.
Age: Epilepsy appears to be most likely to appear in people with autism during early childhood and in adolescence and young adulthood
Sex: Some studies have found a higher incidence of epilepsy in females with autism, compared with males. Other results have not supported this finding, however.
Children and adults who have both autism and epilepsy tend to have more severe symptoms of autism, more hyperactivity, and a lower intelligence quotient (IQ) compared with those who do not have epilepsy.
Possible explanations
One review that focused on the link between autism and epilepsy looked at various findings about the brain's electrical activity, using EEG. The review appeared in the journal Pediatric Research.
EEG tests have shown similar brain activity in people with epilepsy and autism. EEG tests have shown similar brain activity in people with epilepsy and autism.
Doctors often use EEG to diagnose epilepsy. An EEG can record seizures, but it can also detect epileptiform activity. This is another electrical brain activity that is related to epilepsy.
The findings suggested that epileptiform activity is more common in people with autism, even if they have never had a seizure. It is not clear that treating these EEG abnormalities will help with the symptoms of autism.
According to the review, some studies have found high rates of epileptiform EEGs with autism, even when there was no diagnosis of epilepsy. Some scientists believe these abnormalities might have something to do with causing autism.
However, the review could not draw solid conclusions, and there is still no clear proof of a link.
One possibility is that autism and epilepsy have overlapping genetic factors. Research into a potential link is ongoing.
In an article published by ResearchGate in 2015, Dr. Sallyann Wakeford noted that people with epilepsy often show behaviors that are similar to those that feature in autism.
She pointed out that people with long-term epilepsy often have difficulty with social interaction, but questions whether, for some, this is a sign of autism or the result of living with a stigmatizing health condition.
Wakeford also found, however, that while people with epilepsy often have social traits that resemble those of autism, they often do not have the core cognitive features of autism, such as repetitive behaviors.
One reason for this could be that epilepsy and autism share some genetic features, but not all.
When to see a doctor
The website Autism speaks suggests that doctors and others who take care of people with autism should look for the following "red flags" as signs that epilepsy may be present:
If a person with autism shows certain signs, such as staring into space for a while or making involuntary movements, they should see a doctor for an assessment. If a person with autism shows certain signs, such as staring into space for a while or making involuntary movements, they should see a doctor for an assessment.
spells of unexplained staring
involuntary movements
confusion with no apparent cause
severe headaches
sleepiness and sleep disruption
changes in abilities or emotions without any clear reason
Some researchers have observed that children aged 18–24 months who have autism may lose skills they have already learned if epilepsy appears.
The appearance of epilepsy may affect a person's:
language and communication skills
thinking and reasoning skills
behavior
This loss of skills is called regression. However, this regression does not happen in every case, and the findings are controversial.
Anyone who has symptoms of epilepsy should see a neurologist. A correct diagnosis and treatment may help to control unusual brain activity and prevent seizures.
Epilepsy treatment and autism
Doctors prescribe different treatments for epilepsy and autism, but if there is a link this could have implications for future treatment options.
Scientists have also looked into whether treating epilepsy in children with autism could benefit both epilepsy and autism.
However, it remains unclear whether drugs for treating epilepsy would benefit people with autism who do not have epilepsy but whose EEG shows epilepsy-type activity.
According to the authors of the above-mentioned review, there is a need for more quality research into whether epilepsy drugs could have any overall benefit for people with autism.
Clinical trials would also need to show that such a treatment is safe and effective before doctors can prescribe it.
When a child with autism and epilepsy receives treatment for epilepsy, scientists say this does not appear to affect the diagnosis of autism. Some, however, have seen improvements in cognition, communication, and behavior when receiving this treatment.
A final word
Scientists agree that epilepsy and autism often occur together, but why and how that happens remains unclear.
In the future, a better understanding of both conditions and any possible link may lead to more effective diagnosis and treatment.
'World's strongest dwarf' to wed 6ft 3in tall transgender woman
A 4ft 4in tall dwarf who claims to be "the strongest man in the world" has revealed he hopes to break down further barriers by marrying his 6ft 3in transgender girlfriend.Anton Kraft has smashed records for weightlifting by being able to lift four times his own weight, but the determined 52-year-old has told how his greatest achieving was bagging his glamorous new love. The bodybuilder, who is originally from Denmark but now lives in Florida, said he instantly fell for China Bell, despite the fact she was originally born a man. He said: "We used to walk against the current, but the current has changed.
SEE ALSO :Couple weds at maternity ward days after surgery
"Florida is one the states that have same-sex marriage - and both of us are basically the same sex. "I enjoy dating a transgender woman because she was born a male and is doing the utmost to become as feminine as possible. "I find that most women born as women do not spend as much time on their appearance.” The couple has been dating for six months and China told how she found her new love irresistible. She said: "I think Anton's weightlifting is so sexy because I think he's sexy - when you hold a world heavyweight title, that means a lot.
SEE ALSO :Trump allowed to enforce ban on transgender military
"I've never dated a 4ft 4in guy and I was just so curious. I'm glad I gave him a chance because he's an amazing person. "I'm different and he's different, and where we're from, different is good.” The sculpted figure that China finds so attractive, was earned by Anton through 10 years of hard work power-lifting. He claims to have the highest bench record of all time for his weight class, but it seems he may have pushed his body too far. In his pursuit of ultimate power he says he has 'technically died' five times before being resuscitated - ranging from drowning to falling out of a window. Doctors also fear he may have a heart attack if he keeps up his all-action lifestyle - but Anton isn't budging.
SEE ALSO :Husband who accidentally texted another woman instead of wife ends up marrying her
He said: "Some people say that what I do is weakness, or micro-man syndrome - that I want to do something that I am not built for, to prove something. "But I believe there's only one winner - second is first loser. Second doesn't count. "Overall, I am one of the five strongest guys in the world, regardless of height and weight. "And I am the only guy in the world who has ever benched four-times his body weight.” And when it comes to the future - Anton's ambitions are as big as his weightlifting abilities.
SEE ALSO :57 couples tie knot in mass wedding
He said: "I want to break another world record, but it's up to my physique to decide that. "I may also go down on one knee and ask for China's hand - because I think her name would look so good with my last name. "Right now I feel like I'm the luckiest man on the planet - we are all happy and good and I have never felt better than I do now - and that would be thanks to China."
Battle of Waterloo preparations: Anyone up for a game of cricket?
As most Europeans know, this year marks the 200 year anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo in 1815. Of course, a huge amount has been written and said about the famous battle and the major impact it had on the future of Europe. But considerably less has been said about a game of cricket that the English played just before the battle.
Who would have imagined that any army just about to do battle with as mighty a foe as Napoleon would prepare by playing a sport? And yet that is exactly what the English did back in 1815. The Brussels Times looked into why the match was played, other historical aspects of it and how the game is developing in Belgium.
For most Europeans, cricket is a pretty complex and undecipherable game which they know relatively little about. Whilst they probably do know that it's a big part of English sporting culture that takes a long time to play and involves drinking lots of tea, how many would make a connection between the game and one of Europe's most famous battles?
It sounds very unusual and improbable that a country that was just about to take on another country in a major battle would play a sport not long before hostilities began but that is exactly what happened.
The match, which was between English soldiers, turns out to have been the first recorded game of cricket in Belgium. Disappointingly for statisticians, the result is not known as, in those days, results were only recorded when a bet was placed on it. A thousand guineas was the going rate at the time. Ironically, things seem to have turned full circle as now cricket is full of stories of allegations of illegal betting and involving sums a lot larger than a thousand guineas.
It took place in Engheim, west of Brussels, where a garrison of English guards was stationed. That means that his visit to Engheim would have had a practical use as it gave him the chance to discuss battle preparations and issue instructions against the quiet backdrop of a game of cricket. Wellington had a reputation for great calm in battle and was greatly respected by his troops. Throughout the battle and while his infantry were under intense pressure from French attacks, he would ride up and down the ridge with an outward display of indifference. The idea of organising a cricket match seems to fit into that mindset of keeping calm in the face of great adversity, a characteristic of British national identity.
An interesting parallel could be made between the game of cricket played before the Battle of Waterloo and the historical image of Drake finishing his game of bowls before taking on the Spanish Armada. “The match was probably played to allow the guards to relax and pass the time while they were waiting for the battle to start. It was like a show of the officers' nonchalance at the impending dangers of battle and a kind of ‘stiff upper lip' attitude. The message was that everything is under control,” said Nick Compton, Chairman of the Royal Brussels Cricket Club.
The match, which took place on 12 June, was organised by the Duke of Richmond, who was at the time one of the best players in England. His wife was to organise the famous ball ahead of the Battle of Waterloo three days later on 15 June. There is also an interesting connection between the duke and Lords, the home of English cricket, as it was the Duke of Richmond who provided a financial guarantee for Thomas Lord to create the cricket pitch at Lords.
The match itself will be re-enacted on 18 June at the Royal Brussels Cricket Club between a team of serving English guards and a team picked by the chairman of the local cricket club. Matches have taken place in 1965 to commemorate the 150 year anniversary and again in 1990 for the 175 year anniversary.
Whilst the cricket match was the first one in Belgium, perhaps not so surprisingly it took a while for the game to catch on and even then it was mainly played by British delegations rather than Belgians. A big development came fifty years later when, in 1865, Brussels Cricket Club was born. It was given a pitch on the Bois de la Cambre in 1866. Antwerp Cricket Club was founded in 1880. But even then, right up until after the Second World War, the game was mainly played by the English. That has gradually changed with growing numbers of cricketers from mainly Commonwealth countries such as South Africa or Pakistan. There are now some 22 cricket clubs in Belgium with around 600 players registered and a Belgian national cricket team. Efforts are being made to encourage Belgians to play more too. A club full of Flemish players called the Meise Wolverines has been set up in recent years.
Belgian cricket is still in its infancy. The country did not play in the World Cup in March this year. But who knows if they will some day in the future. England have famously lost to cricketing minnows such as Ireland and, most recently, to Bangladesh. Maybe it could be Belgium's turn one day. At the very least wouldn't it be great to see Belgium take on England somewhere near Waterloo some day?
By Julian Hale
To play Spider-Man, Tom Holland drew on his background as a dancer to athletically throw himself into spectacular stunts. But "Spider-Man: Homecoming" also features an entirely computer-generated digital double -- and not always for the reasons you might think.
"Homecoming" is available for home viewing in the US now, and swings onto Blu-ray and DVD in the UK on 20 Nov. To find out more about creating computer-generated (CG) characters for effects-driven blockbusters like "Homecoming", I caught up with Theo Bialek, visual effects supervisor at Sony Pictures Imageworks, which was responsible for the film's climactic fight scenes.
To create each action-packed sequence, "Homecoming" director Jon Watts filmed Holland and Michael Keaton, who plays the villainous Vulture, on sets and against green screen. These "plates" -- shots of actual actors and stunt performers on real sets -- were composited to create a finished shot, or used as reference by Bialek and his visual effects team to build their CG characters. Of the 300 or so shots Bialek's team created for the film's finale, more than a hundred involved an entirely CG Spider-Man.
CNET: How do you decide when to use plates featuring real footage of the actors and when to use a digital double?
Bialek: There are some shots that were plates, and then they switched them to all-CG because they wanted to do an action that was different to what they shot. But generally we push the client to use a plate as much as we can, just because when you have a lot of all-CG shots next to each other it's harder to pull that off and still keep the audience grounded and not pulled out from it. It's always nice to have shots in there that are real to bookend the CG, or interspersed, to keep us anchored.
Sometimes there'd be a plate shot and they didn't like the way the ears came out of the mask so we would replace the head, or just do the shot all-CG.
Wait, you'd literally completely replace Spider-Man's head because they didn't like how the ears looked?
Bialek: Yeah, the ears stick out from the mask. Or if the suit just didn't look quite right in that particular shot because of a stain on it or something like that. That was rare, though.
Now playing: Watch this: Spinning a CG Spider-Man
How did you draw on the real footage of the actors, and why did you look at footage where they messed up a stunt as well as when they got it right?
Bialek: A lot of times we'd look at something we animated and it just didn't feel right, and it was hard to put your finger on exactly why because he was doing all the things he should be doing. Then you go and you look at the reference and you realize his knee knocks over and hits this other knee and it kind of buckles in on itself when he's taking his weight or when he steps back. You wouldn't always think to put that in.
It would be the way that he would kind of relax his shoulders, or when he was talking how he might try to use his hands a little bit -- just keying in on those mannerisms.
What kind of individual mannerisms did you identify in Tom Holland and Michael Keaton?
Bialek: For Tom, the way he runs, his gait. When you look at the mo-cap you can tell it's Tom. It's the way his shoulders drop and the way he holds himself, his posture.
Keaton, not so much. He was a little more difficult because when we're doing him all-CG, he would be in his exoskeleton wingsuit. His mannerisms wouldn't be translated to his suit because you wouldn't move naturally in a suit that's confined to an armature. We would key into how he paced himself because the character he's playing doesn't move super-fast. His suit allows him to fly quickly, but he wouldn't react faster than a normal person.
Now playing: Watch this: Spider-Man vs the Vulture's villainous visual effects
Spider-man wears a mask, so you can't see his face in action scenes. From an effects point of view is that a blessing, or is it difficult to make a blank face relatable?
Bialek: That's a huge blessing. It's so much easier to pull off. For almost all of the shots in the beach battle Spider-Man has his mask off and he's got a CG face, but it's at a distance and there's a lot of smoke and firelight flickering so the facial animation and the hair simulation didn't have to hold up to being a close-up shot.
When he's wearing the mask and there's dialog, we still animate it underneath the mask. When he's breathing hard, we have the mask kind of suck in and suck out. Those are things you want to keep it relatable, so it doesn't feel like a puppet or something.
For more on "Spider-Man: Homecoming", find out why the toughest effect was Tony Stark's hair and why director Jon Watts knows how Peter Parker feels.
Now playing: Watch this: How the "Spider-Man: Homecoming" invisible jet fight...
Technically Literate: Original works of short fiction with unique perspectives on tech, exclusively on CNET.
Crowd Control: A crowdsourced science fiction novel written by CNET readers.
Vengeance is Now Yours with Crimson Avenger! By CO Cuddles
Howdy Elpeeps! What would you do if all of your comrades were lost in battle? Would you stop at nothing to avenge them? The Dark Knight ascends to greater powers fueled by Vengeance as the CrimsonAvenger!!
The Story
Being ambushed by Demons and hardly being able to defend herself, Elesis loses all of the knights that have fought at her side in Fieta. She is able to survive by absorbing energy from the Dark El confiscated by Amethyst, but unfortunately she loses some her sanity. Despite the haze that looms in her mind, one thing is absolutely clear… She will stop at nothing to get her Vengeance. Demons beware…
Dark Knight's Features
New Hyperactive Fate Smash!
New skills to combine with the Blood Hit System.
Instead of Elesis' usual Red Eyes, they are now Amber colored.
Newer, even MOAR smexier costume… ;-)
The Moves and Gameplay
Some of you may still be new to the Dark Knights Path and Crimson Avenger, so here is a recap on the Blood Hit System: When HP is above 20% her special actives take 20% of her HP and deal 40% more damage. When she is below 20%, Blood Hit has no HP requirements. This still applies to CA's new skills and combos.
>>Z X (X) Hold combo is CA's most powerful combo. That extension deals massive damage, opponents are paralyzed and cannot Mana Break or escape and each and every hit can activate elements or any on-hit effect in general.
Passives Skills, although not as flashy as Actives or Special Actives, are super important. For the PvP enthusiasts Condemnation is a passive that makes comboing a CA up close incredibly difficult as she is able to break out of combos and deal great damage all at the same time.
Eve isn't the only one with the power of the Fist… Assault Strike can prevent opponents from Mana breaking in PvP, by using this skill along with CA's >>Z XX combo extension you can render opponents helpless and no options to escape. >:-D
An impressive way to slay your enemies… Destroy them all with the New Hyperactive Fate Smash! Elesis charges up and slices the entire map with Dark Energy. *.*
Item Mall Goodies
Lunar New Year's is coming up! Check out the new Shiny Qipao Costume Suit!
Channel your inner DOVAHKIIN! Hue… Fly around Elrios with the new Ascalon!!
Tons more events are happening this week! Be sure to check out the site!
~Cuddles :-DDD
This is astonishing. From tonight's BBC 6 O'Clock News:
Nick Robinson claims Alex Salmond “didn't answer” his question at a press conference earlier today. That is a brazen and quite spectacular lie. The First Minister gave the BBC man a detailed and direct response which lasted for over three minutes BEFORE raising the matter of the Treasury link. You can see that response for yourself below.
Robinson had asked for a specific answer on RBS and also a more general one on scaremongering by business chiefs. Salmond explained the RBS situation, referring to Corporation Tax and to the letter sent by RBS to employees assuring them that it had “no intention of moving any operations or jobs”. He then dealt with the more general scaremongering issue by pointing out that such warnings were repeats of ones which had been made, and responded to, months ago.
(And the second part was a rhetorical question in any case. There is no factual answer to “Why should we trust you rather than X?” – trust is emotional, not logical.)
So we'd rather like to know why Nick Robinson told viewers of the 6 O'Clock News that Salmond “didn't answer”, when anyone can see for themselves that he answered both parts of Robinson's question, in so far as it was humanly possible to answer them, at considerable length. Robinson might not have LIKED the answers – we must assume he didn't – but to claim that no answer was given is a mindboggling reversal of the plainly observable facts.
Robinson rudely harassed and heckled Salmond after his answer. He's now lied about it on national television. The BBC's open contempt for its legal duty of impartiality is no longer acceptable. It's the people of Scotland who will now be demanding answers.
Changed Block Tracking (CBT) is a handy feature in which the hypervisor is tasked with keeping track of all changed data blocks for each virtual disk attached to a virtual machine. When it's enabled, the idea is that software leveraging the vSphere APIs for Data Protection (VADP) can reduce the amount of data ingested by only requesting the changed blocks. Every software solution handles the actual data ingest process a little differently, but the overarching principle remains the same.
VMware KB 2136854, entitled Backing up a Changed Block Tracking enabled virtual machine in ESXi 6.0.x returns incorrect changed sectors, showcases an issue in which the CBT file may contain erroneous data in some situations. With data protection, any chance of corruption should be treated seriously and all data should be handled as suspect. As such, it's important that those affected apply the patch ESXi600-201511401-BG. I've done so using the VMware vSphere Update Manager (VUM) for my various lab environments.
Once that's done, it's also a good idea to purge the CBT file for any running (powered on) virtual machines. I went looking for a programmatic method for doing this on the web, and only found some rather hackish-looking scripts and blog posts with snipets of code. I wanted something a bit more robust and formatted as a proper cmdlet with an embedded function, so I've written my own and published it on the Wahl Network PowerShell Scripts GitHub repository under the Apache 2.0 open source license. Meaning – use it at your own risk without any other permission from me. I've run the cmdlet against all of my virtual machines in the home lab and at my work lab, which are both running vSphere 6.
Download Reset-CBT.ps1
The cmdlet is fairly simple. For each VM specified, it will do the following:
Sets the CBT option to False, thus disabling CBT for that VM. Checks to see if the VM has previous snapshots (you'll need to consolidate them) or is powered off (no need to flush the CBT file). If Step 2 looks good, creates and deletes a snapshot to flush the CBT file. This avoids the need to power off your virtual machines. Reports any skipped VMs from Step 2 at the end for further remediation.
If you notice any issues, feel free to drop a comment or submit a pull request. Enjoy!
Deeper Dive into the Code
I've included a handful of examples with the cmdlet. You can view these with the following command:
Get-Help Reset-CBT -Examples
Example 1
Reset-CBT -VM 'WAHLNETWORK' -vCenter VCENTER.DOMAIN.LOCAL
Disables CBT for a VM named WAHLNETWORK, then creates and consolidates (remove) a snapshot to flush the CBT file. The assumption here is that your backup software will then re-enable CBT during the next backup job.
Example 2
Reset-CBT -VM 'WAHLNETWORK' -vCenter VCENTER.DOMAIN.LOCAL -NoSnapshots
Disables CBT for a VM named WAHLNETWORK but will not use a snapshot to flush the CBT file. This is useful for environments where you simply want to disable CBT and do not have backup software that will go back and re-enable CBT.
Example 3
Reset-CBT -VM $VMlist -vCenter VCENTER.DOMAIN.LOCAL
Disables CBT for all VMs in the list $VMlist, which can be useful for more targeted lists of virtual machines that don't easily match a regular expression. Here are some methods to build $VMlist:
$VMlist = Get-VM -Location (Get-Folder 'Test Servers') $VMlist = Get-VM -Location (Get-DataCenter 'Austin')
Example 4
Get-VM -Location (Get-Folder 'Test Servers') | Reset-CBT -vCenter VCENTER.DOMAIN.LOCAL
Similar to the previous example, except that it uses a pipeline for the list of virtual machines.
Example 5
Reset-CBT -VM 'WAHLNETWORK' -vCenter VCENTER.DOMAIN.LOCAL -EnableCBT
Enables CBT for a VM named WAHLNETWORK. No other activities are performed. This is useful for when you want to enable CBT for one or more virtual machines.
Packers Blog The Journal Sentinel's team of Packers beat writers provide the latest news, notes and analysis SHARE
By of the
Green Bay --- Linebacker Desmond Bishop says he doesn't want to hurry back too soon from the torn hamstring injury that ended his 2012 season. He may be cautious and sit out the start of organized team activities this week.
But he does expect to be a full go by training camp.
“Oh, training camp, I'll be 110%," Bishop said. "For sure.”
For more on Bishop and the forces that led to this 2013 season for him, we sat down with the linebacker last week. Here's today's story. Bishop does not seem to be too concerned about the hamstring injury, or the fact that the Packers have retained both starters from last season at the position. Rehab has been strenuous, but also a success, Bishop said.
"There are a lot of things that go into rehab that I didn't even foresee," Bishop said. "You don't really know until you get hurt. You have to nourish back what you got injured but you also have to keep other parts of your body strong. When something's injured, you have to work around it. So it can be difficult. But it was a good off-season. I think I got a lot accomplished in getting myself healthy.”
The key has been strengthening, the hamstring, the quad and all muscle fibers around the tear. Today, the tear isn't the problem. Bishop wants to practice at OTA's this week.
For now, though, he's trying to keep perspective.
"My injury side is perfect. It's 100%," Bishop said. "But I have little nicks and nacks here just from being out and trying to get back in. So we'll see how I feel, but I don't really want to rush it. There's no point in rushing it right now.”
All eyes will be on Bishop this year and how he responds once he does get on the field. The Packers covered their backs this off-season by restructuring A.J. Hawk's deal and re-signing Brad Jones. When healthy, Bishop is the best of the three. In his two years as the starter -- 2010 and 2011 -- Bishop had 218 tackles, eight sacks, four forced fumbles and nine pass break-ups.
As he talked about in today's story, Bishop realizes many fans will view him as a savior of sorts in Green Bay, a player who can get them past the San Francisco 49ers.
So which Desmond Bishop should they expect to see? It's a different set of expectations for a player who wrote "2013 Defensive MVP" in his notebook.
“It's kind of different from people not really expecting much from you to you do stuff good and it's like, ‘Oh, that's a plus,'" Bishop said. "To now, people expect, ‘OK, we got Des Bishop back.' It's kind of a different light. Maybe this is what I've always wanted, perhaps. But with that, that can be a double-edged sword. But I'm not worried. All I can do is do me. If I do me then I'm good. I'm good. I'll just be Des Bishop 55.”
‘Badlapur' is the latest thriller from Director Sriram Raghavan featuring Varun Dhawan in a role that goes against the grain of his established image in Bollywood. While only 4 films old, Dhawan has thus far been features as romantically charming and funny character in popcorn entertainers. In ‘Badlapur' Dhawan completely revamps his image into a gruff, bearded older man with nothing to lose, on a rampage of revenge.
While Bollywood actors, are not as hardcore as Hollywood actors when it comes to revamping their lifestyle or physical appearance for a particular role, there have been many Bollywood actors who have undergone tremendous transformations, or gone against their established image within the industry for a specific role. Here are 5 Bollywood Actors who have reinvented themselves by choosing roles that are dramatically different from their previous ones.
Shahid Kapoor in ‘Kaminey'
Only appearing as romantic leads in comedies or various ensemble cast films, Shahid Kapoor debuted as a romantic hero in ‘Ishq Vishk' and didn't deviate much from that leading man image in Bollywood, until Vishal Bhardwaj's ‘Kaminey'. Living up the title, Kapoor deviates from his pretty boy roles as a scruffy criminal spouting vulgarities and beating on people. The movie and his performance garnered critical praise and it was one of the rare times he was taken seriously as an actor. The actor didn't experience much success after ‘Kaminey', until he switched things up again with the same director's ‘Haider' in 2014 to massive critical and commercial success.
Saif Ali Khan in ‘Omkara'
After a lot of success playing the tried and tested ‘hero' of Bollywood roles like in ‘Salaam Namaste' and ‘Hum Tum', Saif Ali Khan decided to take a stab at proper acting by being the dark horse in a Vishal Bhardwaj directed adaptation of Shakespeare's ‘Othello' with ‘Omkara'. The usually urban and contemporary actor de-glamorizes himself, adopts a regional accent and delivers vulgarities with such menacing ease, that in a cast of major accomplished actors, Khan steals the show as Langda.
Abhishek Bachchan in ‘Yuva'
Debuting and then starring in a string of flops, legendary actor Amitabh Bachchan's son was accused of tarnishing the reputation of his father by being a horrible actor. In hindsight, Abhishek Bachchan was only just finding himself and getting comfortable as an actor, given his amazing body of work since. But the turning point came with a Mani Ratnam film in 2004, in which he was part of an ensemble cast, but stood out significantly. Playing Lallan, the Junior Bachchan played a greasy low-level political thug under his brother's influence who had to find his place in the world. ‘Yuva' was the first time that Abhishek Bachchan's performance was appreciated, and given it was among performances by other veterans like Rani Mukherji & Ajay Devgan, it is that much more commendable.
Salman Khan in ‘Tere Naam'
While not known for reinventing the wheel when it comes to his film roles, there have been times when Salman Khan has done the unpredictable. Needing some freshness in his movies after a string of high caliber fluff, in 2003 Khan dons a weird hairpiece, stars opposite a no name actress in a small budget film with a story that paints him almost as a villain. While at its core a love story, ‘Tere Naam' was different and surprising, mostly for the superstar's restraint and subdued performance, which was rare from him at the time. His look was a drastic change from the norm, especially in the later scenes where he sports a shaved head as a mental patient.
Sanjay Dutt in ‘Agneepath'
Sanjay Dutt is one of the fewest actors in Bollywood who has played a variety of roles ranging from the typical romantic lead, the older mentor, the comic relief, menacing villain and probably the first anti-hero with ‘Khalnayak', and has experimented with his appearance for each role just as much. However his most recent shocking portrayal came with a remake to classic movie in Karan Malhotra's ‘Agneepath' (2012). While always maintaining a good physique, Dutt bulked up heavily for the role, removed all facial hair and sported a baldhead that added to the viscously menacing role he portrayed in the film. Dutt's look gave the story of the film a physically intimidating villain that is rarely seen in Bollywood.
Which of these roles is your favorite? Did I forget any other dramatic transformations of other Bollywood actors? Let me know in the comments below.
Subscribe to the site now and follow me on Twitter @theshahshahid for more Bollywood discussions!
Treasurer Scott Morrison has moved to reassure US investors – and Australian mums and dads – that Australia is not headed towards a housing market crash, arguing house prices are high but their value is still "real".
And in a speech in New York to investors overnight, Mr Morrison pushed back at a recent warning from the International Monetary Fund about particularly high levels of household debt in Australia by pointing to a series of measures taken by prudential regulator APRA to constrain access to credit.
He outlined three major risks to the Australian economy – household debt; a rise in Chinese debt and a subsequent slowing of growth in that country; and the risk of high levels of federal government debt.
Mr Morrison renewed his push for tax cuts for companies with a turnover of more than $50 million a year – which was blocked by the Senate – arguing that, "across the globe, the principle of cutting business taxes to drive growth and investment is the emerging economic consensus".
FCC and FTC, Take Action Against Verizon and Turn for Violating User Privacy
FCC – Verizon Wireless has attached unique tracking headers onto the browsing habits of all its users without their consent. This has given each individual a unique identity that is being used by advertisers and other third parties to re-identify users who have opted out of being tracked or who have deleted their cookies.
Verizon is violating the law by not being sufficiently transparent and by revealing potentially proprietary customer information. The telecom giant did not properly disclose the nature of the tracking header, they do not allow customers to opt-out of the tracking, and their current explanation of its use is deceptive at best: despite their claims to the contrary, third parties can use the headers to re-identify users since Verizon's efforts to anonymize the headers—such as cycling through IDs—do not actually work.
Verizon must be penalized accordingly.
FTC – Marketing firm Turn has utilized Verizon's tracking headers to re-identify users and resurrect deleted cookies on their browsers. Normally, users can delete their browser cookies to effectively dissociate themselves from the reading history that ad networks collect. Turn's practice thwarts users' desires and negates the most common action users take to protect their privacy: Even if you clear your cookies, Turn will re-assign you the exact same unique cookie you just deleted. Turn can only do this because Verizon sends the same unique tracking header, so Turn can simply look up the header value in an internal database.
This practice is deceptive and unfair. Turn is skirting users' expectations and intentions: when they delete their cookies—especially identifying cookies—they expect their cookies to remain deleted.
Turn must be penalized accordingly.
This is always a bittersweet time of year.
Labor Day weekend marks the end of lazy summer days, barbecues and a good excuse for hitting Dairy Queen late at night. But this weekend marks the beginning of my favorite Orange County food event – the Orange International Street Fair.
Forget fancy restaurant week dining events, food truck stops and tiny food samples served at community tasting events. The Orange street fair is, by far, the best food and beer fest in Orange County.
Admission is free. Menu prices, proceeds of which benefit local charities or school organizations, are reasonable. And the food booths offer a smorgasbord of delicious global foods – from German bratwursts to honey-dipped loukoumathes.
My go-to foods never change. Here's what I like to devour:
Greek Street: The lines are long here, but it's worth the wait. Members of a Greek Orthodox church from Anaheim grill chicken, lamb and beef for gyros and souvlaki sandwiches. I love it all. The fried, honey-dipped loukoumathes (pronounced loo-koo-MAH-thes) are my favorite dessert, along with the baklava. The food is prepared by families who have been making these Greek dishes for years, so you're getting the real thing at a cheap price.
Mexican Street: Go to the booth where the workers are making the tortillas from scratch. Other booths use pre-packaged tortillas. Also try the pork tamales sold at the Apostolic Church of Orange booth. They are meaty and remind me of the ones my mom used to make every Christmas.
German Street bratwurst: For fair regulars, this is often a first stop. The volunteers at Orange Lutheran High School slave over hot smoky grills. The result: a killer tasty brat. “Your street fair experience is not complete without a bratwurst from German Street,” reader Selena Devore told me. (Note: Mattern Sausage of Orange, which also supplies the Viking Truck, provides their sausages.)
Beef teriyaki on Ginza Street: Part of the charm here is the assembly-line of volunteers shoving meat onto skewers before they hit the grill. It's a sight worth seeing and tasting. The booth, run by Orange Coast Gakuen Japanese Language School in Huntington Beach, said it will be making a new item this year — Gyoza or Japanese potstickers.
Irish Street for beer and entertainment: Hands down, this is the best place to hang out for a cold brew and great Irish music. The beer is the best you'll find at the fair. You can get a black and tan, or straight Guinness for about $5.
While most booths never change their offerings, fair officials say two new food items will be sold this year: gourmet fries (sold by Orange High School's vocal team) and ice cream topped with choice of Girl Scout cookies (sold by Girl Scout Troop 11475). I'm definitely adding those booths to my agenda.
Though it is not tied to the street fair, the soon-to-be-open LinX sausage eatery in Old Towne Orange will serve a limited menu during the fair. Owner-chef Scott Brandon will sell a $5 combo meal from a 1971 Airstream trailer set up in the parking lot behind Wahoo's Fish Taco on West Chapman Avenue.
Brandon said he plans to offer a T.J. Street Dog and a Chili-Cheese Coney Dog. Each sausage comes with the eatery's signature Belgian fries.
“We are going to do our deal at the street fair to help promote the store and hopefully get open in the next month or so,” he said of LinX's location at 238 W. Chapman Ave.
The Orange International Street Fair will be held 5 to 10 p.m. Friday and 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. Saturday and Sunday.
The booths are set up in the closed streets of downtown Orange on Glassell Street and Chapman Avenue.
For more information, go to orangestreetfair.org.
Another great food event this weekend is a pop-up restaurant at Whole Foods Market in Laguna Niguel.
Food Network star Adam Gertler is bringing his traveling restaurant – Gertler's Kitchen – to the store today, Friday and Saturday. Gertler stars in the food shows “Kid in a Candy Store” and “Will Work for Food” and was a finalist on the “The Next Food Network Star” during Season 4.
Over the summer, he has been selling homemade sausages throughout California. His final stop is in Orange County.
The gastropub-style menu, a collaboration with Whole Foods Laguna Niguel Executive Chef Ashley Santo Domingo, will feature links such as pastrami sausage, smoked pork and chicken. The kitchen will also be selling a veggie burger, rockfish tacos, corn, house-made chips and desserts. Prices range from $2 to $8. Cooking demonstrations are slated for 11 a.m. and 6 p.m. Thursday and Friday and 1 p.m. Saturday.
The pop-up will be open from 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. Thursday, Friday and Saturday. The Laguna Niguel store is at 23932 Aliso Creek Road.
Contact the writer: nluna@ocregister.com
New polls show Obamacare continues to grow in popularity—even as the GOP moves again to repeal.
For the better part of a decade, Republicans have foamed at the mouth at the mere mention of "Obamacare." They've spent thousands of hours on speeches and millions of dollars on attack ads outlining all the ways Obamacare was a disaster, and that message connected with a large portion of the American public. It's not hard to see why. Obamacare is a flawed system. The transition to ACA was rocky at best, premiums can be high, and the process of buying into the system can be difficult and frustrating, especially if you live in a state where the options are limited. So, yeah, when Republicans went out and railed against the plan for years, they found support.
But here's the thing. They didn't understand that support, and in the process they saved the very plan they wanted to repeal.
Republicans don't like Obamacare because a black Democrat named Barack Obama was behind it they don't like government meddling into industries. Now, forget for a second that the ACA was basically the Republican plan for health care years ago and was heavily based on former Republican candidate Mitt Romney's health-care plan in Massachusetts. The hypocrisy here isn't the point. The point is that there is a major part of the Republican Party that doesn't believe it's the government's job to have ANY hand in the health-insurance process. Their stupid and hubristic mistake was to believe that this meant EVERYONE who didn't like Obamacare didn't like it for this reason. So when Donald Trump got into power this past January and the Republicans finally had control of both houses of Congress and the White House, they went full steam ahead toward "repealing and replacing" Obamacare.
The problem, of course, was that even though most Americans didn't like Obamacare in polls, the number who didn't like it for the same bizarre ideological reason Republican lawmakers didn't like it was very few. In fact, most people who said they didn't like Obamacare actually didn't like it because they found it wasn't helpful enough! They wanted more coverage, not less. And few things reveal this more than the fact that, since Republicans have tried to eliminate the program, its polling numbers have risen to pretty overwhelming heights.
In fact, a new Washington Post-ABC News poll shows just how popular Obama's signature piece of legislation has gotten.
In fact, as Vox points out:
Obamacare is now more popular than the Democratic Party, Republican Party, House Speaker Paul Ryan, and President Trump himself.
You see, by overplaying their hands and trying to get rid of Obamacare outright, the Republicans have made the public go from thinking about Obamacare in terms of what it doesn't do to now thinking about it in terms of what it does do. And it does a lot of great things. It protects people with pre-existing conditions. It requires insurance companies to cover vital needs like emergency-room visits and maternity care. By threatening to take those things away from people, the GOP has made sure that Barack Obama's signature piece of legislation is more popular than ever.
Watch Now:
Breaking News: Mass China doping
Chinese table tennis players have the best achievement and advanced techniques in table tennis. Chinese doctor Xue Yinxian (former doctor for the Chinese Olympic team) has revealed 2 days ago to German Media:
“If you refus to dope, you have to leave”
Xue adds that she was against doping. That's why she lost her job as the chief physician to the national teams. She was asked to treat a top athlete with doping substances ahead of the Olympic Games.
“If anyone refused to dope, they were thrown out of the team. The children's teams were the first to be given the drugs. The youngest was only 11 years old. I couldn't do anything about it. One trainer came to me and said: “Dr. Xue, the boys' breasts keep getting bigger.”
Source: [theguardian] and [irish news]
More than 10,000 Chinese athletes use banned substances. The World Anti-Doping Agency's intelligence unit will investigate this mass Chinese doping.
Chinese government only wants “Gold”
Doctor Xue told German daily:
“As long as you were not caught, you were a good athlete. The government only wanted to produce gold medals irrespective of the means”
She is the former Chinese Olympic team's chief doctor at the 1984, 1988 and 1992 Olympic Games. Xue's claim of systematic doping contradicted previous statements by the Chinese government, which had denied any involvement in individual cases of Chinese athletes taking performance-enhancing drugs.
They wanted to silence me
“Anyone against doping damaged the country and anyone who endangered the country now sits in prison,” she told.
“Once, eight people came to my home. They wanted me not to speak about the use of doping substances. They urged me to give up. “
Table Tennis Team has to use doping
Dr. Xue said Chinese authorities had:
“insisted that all sports teams had to use doping substances: football, volleyball, basketball, table tennis, badminton, track and field, swimming, diving, gymnastics, weightlifting.”
Your opinions?
Do you think that Chinese Table Tennis National Team has used doping? Ma Long, Fan Zhendong, Zhang Jike, Xu Xin have to use doping to increase their performance? Only Liu Guoliang and Kong Linghui know the true answer.
Personally, I know that table tennis is the technical sport. The need of using doping in China Team is much less important than in other sports.
Please comment, and share it. [ratings]
‘Spider-Man: Homecoming' Title As Explained By Sony CEO
Now that Spider-Man has been officially welcomed to the Marvel Cinematic Universe, we can look forward to Spider-Man: Homecoming, his upcoming standalone film which is expected to hit theaters next year.
There wasn't really any worry that the film would be an origins story considering that was already done in Captain America: Civil War, so what better way to introduce the new Webslinger to the superhero shared universe than to attach a subtitle that has a double meaning to it. And now Sony Pictures CEO Tom Rothman explains the double entendre. Check out what he had to say below.
Speaking to IGN while on the red carpet of the Ghostbusters premiere, Rothman spoke about the film's double meaning and the deal between themselves and Marvel Studios:
Here's the thing I can tell you: We're really, really fortunate on this because Marvel and Kevin Feige have really embraced the character and no one knows him as well as Marvel. It is another crown jewel of Sony's for sure. But Homecoming, the name, is a double entendre on purpose, right? It's relevant to the story because it takes place in high school and there is a scene — that I guess I can give a little thing — at a homecoming dance. I've actually seen the dailies of it because we already did the high school shooting of it in the first couple weeks and it's fantastic. But it's also a homecoming to Marvel. And a homecoming to the cinematic universe that Spider-Man belongs in. So it's a pretty unprecedented deal between two studios, but we're really proud of it. And all I can tell you is, those guys at Marvel — I think the technical term is — they know their sh-t.
Just the kind of answer you might expect to hear. Homecoming is Spider-Man's official introduction film into the MCU, while the other meaning is the tradition of welcoming back students of a school. Of course, it's finally nice to have confirmation that the subtitle is a double entendre. The first two Spider-Man film iterations had some hints of high school, but John Francis Daley and Jonathan M. Goldstein‘s script will have a John Hughes feel to it. So Homecoming will just have more of a high school theme than any of the other Spider-Man films that came before it.
The film is currently in production, but there could be a chance that they will make a surprise appearance at San Diego Comic-Con. We will have to wait and see. Of course, we will be there to cover the event next week.
Directed by Jon Watts, Tom Holland stars as the titular character. Spider-Man: Homecoming hits theaters on July 7, 2017.
Their unspoken goal is a two-class nation, with a heavily armed security force to quell resistance from the more outspoken members of the lower class. It may be somewhat of an unwitting goal, since narcissistic wealth-takers, as they build their fortunes, tend to lose their ability to empathize with others.
Barack Obama said, "We are not as divided as we seem." But those are just feel-good words. A middle class still exists, but in weakened form, as many families from the once-dominant mainstream of society continue to move up or down, mostly down. The conspirators in the breakdown of the middle class have complementary roles that allow them to divide the country as they perpetuate the myth of prosperity for all.
Congress: The Kingpins
Gun control is the most flagrant example of Congressional disdain for the middle class. Over 90% of Americans want background checks, but Congress has failed to act. The House of Representatives even rejected an amendment that would have allowed research into causes of gun violence.
The list goes on and on:
Over 90% favor laws on clean air and water, but Congress has proposed to weaken them. Almost 80% want to increase Social Security benefits. 83% want Medicare to negotiate drug prices. Nearly 90% support mandatory labeling of genetically modified foods. About two-thirds of polled Americans believe corporations pay too little in taxes. 90% support the protection of public lands.
Based on a study of 1,779 policy issues, Princeton researchers Martin Gilens and Benjamin I. Page concluded that "the preferences of the average American appear to have only a minuscule, near-zero, statistically non-significant impact upon public policy."
Military: The Enforcers
Barack Obama said, "They are not very good at feeding their people, but they invest a huge amount in their weapons systems." He was talking about North Korea. In the U.S., where half the discretionary budget is spent on the military, one of five children live in food insecure households.
As we pour trillions into war, cutbacks decimate programs vital to the middle class—vital to the one out of five Americans who have mental health problems; to the dependent children who lost funding for the first time in nearly 20 years; to the neglected public schools; to injured workers; to food pantries.
The conspirators also feel the need to protect themselves within our own borders, and they do this with an increasingly militarized system of local law enforcement. In recent years the Pentagon has armed local police forces with assault rifles, land-mine detectors, grenade launchers, and half-million-dollar mine-resistant ambush-protected vehicles (MRAPs).
Research by Samuel Bowles and Arjun Jayadev indicates that greater inequality is correlated with a greater demand for security services, which apparently stems from the need to stifle lower-class opposition, and which is manifested in violence between police and minorities.
Lobbyists: The Con Men
The top lobbyists? The US Chamber of Commerce, a consortium of business interests supporting job outsourcing and climate denial; followed by the National Association of Realtors, which seeks Congressional favors even as three-quarters of renters with incomes below the $30,000 median are "cost burdened," paying more than 30 percent of their incomes for rent.
Next come the American Medical Association, Blue Cross/Blue Shield, Pharmaceutical Research, and the American Hospital Association, with Pfizer close behind. According to the Milliman Medical Index, the cost of healthcare in 2015 for a typical American family of four covered by a PPO was $24,671—nearly half the median household income. Pharmaceutical companies have successfully lobbied Congress to keep Medicare from bargaining for lower drug prices, and they pay off generic drug manufacturers to delay entry of their products into the market, thereby forcing consumers to pay the highest prices for medicine. For every $1 they spend on basic research, they invest $19 in promotion and marketing. Meanwhile, the industry has cut nearly 150,000 jobs since 2008.
Also in the top 20 are Northrop Grumman, Boeing, and Lockheed Martin, all complicit with Big Business in keeping the nation safe for profit-making. Lockheed Martin's revenues increased 15.7% after President Obama announced the addition of 250 troops in Syria.
The conspiratorial revolving door is spinning fast: Of the 352 people who left Congress alive since 2008, almost half have joined the lobbyist and related industries.
Media: The Illusionists
The popular business-oriented media insults the middle class with inane headlines and quotes that betray their ignorance about issues that matter to most of us:
The mainstream media is complicit, of course, with its corporate bosses. As Bernie Sanders explained, "The corporate media does everything they can to keep us entertained without addressing the real issues...[Young people] don't even know that we are the only major country without healthcare for all. They don't know that in Germany or in Scandinavia college is free...Media is not telling them that...If you talk about the real issues and people get educated on the real issues, you know what happens next? They actually may want to bring about change."
Instead, the media keeps scaring us into dependency on the military/police state, with panicky reports from sources like FOX, which skipped past wars and lynchings and called ISIS "the single biggest threat in [America's] 200-year history."
Finance: The Hitmen
As our nation bemoans the violence in lower- and middle-class communities, the financial industry keeps to itself, perfecting the role of Economic Hitman that John Perkins defined on a global scale. Despite generating about 25% of all corporate profits, finance creates only about 4% of all jobs, and it has decimated middle-class homeowners and students through unpayable debt. In a direct hit to lower-class workers, the industry pays itself enough in bonuses to boost all 2.6 million U.S. fast-food workers to a $15 minimum wage.
Nothing would help the middle class more than a financial transaction tax. In Chicago, sales of $1 quadrillion (a thousand trillion dollars, 4 times more than all the money in the world), generated ZERO SALES TAX. Instead the Chicago Mercantile Exchange complained that its own taxes were too high, and they demanded and received a tax break.
In a recent letter to his Berkshire Hathaway stockholders, Warren Buffett, the beloved old man of finance, whose company has been avoiding its taxes for years, blathered: The babies being born in America today are the luckiest crop in history... America's economic magic remains alive and well.
That "economic magic" is making the American middle class disappear.
BEIJING (Reuters) - Thousands of small factories in China, making everything from steel to chemicals, are scrambling for access to the country's clogged rail network as Beijing curbs the use of diesel trucks in an effort to tackle air pollution.
FILE PHOTO: A tricycle travels past a crossroad on a hazy day in Hefei, Anhui province March 30, 2014. REUTERS/Stringer/File Photo
The Ministry of Environmental Protection (MEP) last month gave tens of thousands of companies in 28 cities until Nov 1 to halve their use of diesel trucks over the winter months, when pollution is at its worst.
The ministry, in a policy document, also set more stringent, permanent targets for more than 20 power and steel companies, including Zhengzhou Xinli Power, Xingtai Iron & Steel and Hebei Risun Coke, directing them to send at least half their shipments by rail.
Trucking is a cheaper and preferred mode of transport for heavy industry in China, especially for inland companies moving goods over relatively short distances and those far from railways.
Some provinces have taken even tougher stances on trucks.
In Hebei and central Henan, some steel producers must deliver as much as 90 percent of their products via rail on a permanent basis, up from around 50 to 60 percent currently.
The moves are the latest in Beijing's years-long battle to tackle the pollution that blankets the north as houses turn up the heat between November and March, drawing on the nation's power plants, which are mainly fueled with coal.
China is also forcing steel mills and other factories to shut up to 50 percent of capacity across the north to try and prevent toxic air during the winter.
The truck restrictions follow bans earlier this year on transporting coal by diesel trucks in major port cities.
A shift to using more of the country's 120,000 km of railroads, one of the world's largest networks, is also a cornerstone of Beijing's Belt and Road initiative, which aims to revive old trade routes linking Chinese companies with overseas markets.
The scale of the change underway is immense. Highways accounted for 77 percent of more than 43 billion tonnes of freight transported last year, compared with 8 percent for rail.
“It's another indication of how seriously they're taking the environmental impact, although it's a blunt way of doing it and some trips won't make sense by rail,” said Jonathan Beard, head of transportation and logistics in Asia for Arcadis, a design and consultancy company.
The Ministry of Rail declined to comment. The MEP and the state planner that oversees rail freight prices did not respond to requests for comment from Reuters.
RAILWAY ARMAGEDDON
Companies were already preparing for a grim winter, having been ordered to slash output as part of measures to clean up the air in Chinese cities.
Now, many are struggling to get space on the rail network by the Nov. 1 deadline.
Major state-owned companies like Sinopec and Aluminium Corp of China have long-term access to the railroad, leaving little room for smaller companies. Many of the factories are also hundreds of miles away from any station.
There are also concerns that bottlenecks could create chaos, cutting off supplies of critical raw materials and hurting the ability of companies to get products to market, executives interviewed by Reuters said.
Rail is also more expensive and takes longer for some routes. An executive from Xingtai Iron & Steel estimated that using rail will add as much as 40 yuan per ton, or 10 percent, to his costs. The executive and others interviewed by Reuters requested anonymity as they were not authorized to speak to the media.
“We might resort to reducing production in the winter if we cannot get enough supplies and have difficulties sending our products due to the railway Armageddon,” said a manager with Yanzhou Coal Mining Co's coke plant in Shandong province, which produces two million tonnes per year.
In Shandong, the nation's eastern industrial and agricultural heartland, the rail bureau proposed hiking freight rates by 1 cent per ton per kilometer at an internal meeting with key clients two weeks ago, according to the Yanzhou Coal manager.
That is equivalent to an almost 10 percent increase to move products to Jiangsu, about 100 miles to the south. It is not clear whether the plan has been submitted to the state planner for approval. The state planner sets freight prices.
“Some of our clients are only 40 miles away from us,” said a sales manager with Xingtai Iron & Steel's steel wire subsidiary.
“Trucking is more flexible than rail and cheaper,” the manager said. “For our clients in Zhejiang and Jiangsu, about 500 miles away, rail takes almost a week but trucking takes one or two days.”
UNDER ORDERS
Rail traffic has increased this year due to increased shipments of coal. Rail is the most popular mode of transport for coal, which accounted for a third of traffic last year.
China's rail network is mainly run by China Railway Corp. State-owned companies such as China National Coal Group and coal miner China Shenhua Energy also own some specific routes, giving them lower transportation costs.
Many are bewildered by the enormity of the undertaking ahead. A manager with Longyu Chemical Co. in central Henan province said he had no access to rail.
“I honestly have no idea how we are going to deal with it this winter,” he said. The trucking freight rate is also rising because of the crackdown on diesel trucks.”
The Stockbridge-Munsee Community of Wisconsin operates the North Star Mohican Casino in Bowler. (Photo: File/Press-Gazette Media)
Madison — A northern Wisconsin tribe says the expansion of another tribe's casino will cost it millions of dollars and has assembled a national legal team in a sign that litigation over the expansion could be coming.
A market study funded by the Stockbridge-Munsee concludes the tribe would lose more than $22 million a year if a nearby Ho-Chunk gambling facility is expanded as planned — an expansion the Stockbridge contend is not allowed.
The general counsel for the Stockbridge said he hopes the study gets the attention of state and federal regulators so that they will closely review the expansion of a Ho-Chunk casino in Shawano County northwest of Green Bay.
The Ho-Chunk facility in Wittenberg is about 15 miles nearer to Wausau than the Stockbridge casino in Bowler.
“When you put a duplicate facility on highways 15 miles closer to your main market, that's going to have devastating effects,” said Dennis Puzz, the Stockbridge general counsel.
RELATED: Gambling industry hopes casino mogul in White House pays off
The Ho-Chunk opened the Wittenberg casino in 2008 as an “ancillary facility” that's allowed under a compact reached with then-Gov. Jim Doyle in 2003. In September, the Ho-Chunk began a $33 million project to add a hotel, hundreds of new slot machines and table games.
The Stockbridge and other tribes contend such an extensive upgrade is not allowed for what is supposed to be a secondary casino.
The Ho-Chunk are one of the richest tribes in the state. The tribe has four major gambling facilities, including ones in Madison and Wisconsin Dells.
Ho-Chunk representatives did not respond to requests for comment, but in the fall said they were confident the expansion can proceed.
The Stockbridge have retained a pair of attorneys — Bryan Newland and Scott Crowell — who specialize in the complex area of Indian casino law.
Newland, of Michigan, served on President Barack Obama's transition team and was a top aide in the Bureau of Indian Affairs. There, he worked on policies on casinos and Indian lands.
Crowell, of Arizona, won federal court decisions that found California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger had negotiated in bad faith with a tribe over a revenue-sharing deal the courts considered an illegal tax.
In the market study commissioned by the Stockbridge, the tribe found the Ho-Chunk casino expansion will cost other tribes $36.8 million a year.
NEWSLETTERS Get the NewsWatch Delivered newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Todays top news delivered to your inbox Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-844-900-7103. Delivery: Mon - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for NewsWatch Delivered Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
The biggest chunk — $22.1 million — would come from the Stockbridge. Also taking a hit would be casinos run by the Oneida ($5.2 million), Menominee ($4.3 million), Chippewa tribes ($3.4 million) and Forest County Potawatomi ($1.8 million).
The study by Market & Feasibility Advisors of Chicago noted overall casino revenue in Wisconsin has been stable for years. Together, the tribes take in about $1.2 billion after paying out prizes, according to state figures.
The total amount casino-goers spend isn't expected to change, because Wisconsin is “the very definition of a saturated market,” the study found. The new business the Ho-Chunk will get after the expansion will be accompanied by reduced spending at other casinos, the report concluded.
Casino profits are the primary source of revenue for tribal governments and a big reduction could force service cuts. That makes it essential that state and federal regulators review the issue closely, Puzz said.
“Both have a duty here,” he said. “Both have a responsibility and both have the ability to take enforcement actions.”
The Stockbridge have asked the state Division of Gaming to retain outside lawyers and experts to review the issue, but the state hasn't yet given an answer on that, he said.
But Steve Michels, a spokesman for the division, said by email that the Ho-Chunk expansion is allowed.
“The Ho-Chunk Nation is adding to their facility in a manner consistent under the terms of the 2003 Doyle compact amendment,” he said in his email. “We will continue to work with and engage in dialogue with all of the tribes.”
A spokesman for the National Indian Gaming Commission did not return a call.
Read or Share this story: http://on.jsonl.in/2jOoUUY
BRUSSELS, Belgium — Oil trader Trafigura maintains that it did nothing wrong by disposing of hundreds of tons of “chemical slops” in the Ivory Coast back in 2006. But on Friday a Dutch court said otherwise, fining the Swiss-based multinational $1.3 million dollars for exporting its waste to a developing country and harming the environment.
Trafigura insists the waste was not toxic and disputes the Ivorian government's claim that 16 people died and thousands were sickened because it was dumped in the streets of Abidjan. That was after it had tried to offload the stuff in Amsterdam, where the cost quoted for the clean-up was deemed too high, leading Trafigura to instead subcontract the disposal to an Ivorian agent.
Four years later, European authorities are doing a better, but hardly perfect, job of preventing toxic exports. The European Commission estimates that 2.6 billion tons of waste is generated in the EU each year and that 90 million tons of that is hazardous.
Read: Imagining a recyclable EU
At the same time, the EU's executive admitted that illegal “dumping of waste continues on a significant scale, many landfill sites are sub standard and … illegal waste shipments are also a concern.” Its own reporting shows that recent checks on waste shipments out of the EU revealed a full fifth of them to be in violation.
Last month, Nigerian government authorities were waiting in a Lagos port for one of those vessels as it arrived from Antwerp, Belgium. They'd been tipped off by Antwerp police that the MV Gumel Panama would be bringing in eight trucks full of illegal toxic waste — including old batteries, broken TVs, worn-out videocassette players and refrigerators containing outlawed chlorofluorocarbons (CFC) — as it had managed to slip away after 33 similar containers had been confiscated in Antwerp's port. Nigeria turned the ship back to Antwerp.
Two months earlier, another vessel filled with similar items was intercepted in the same port and sent back to Rotterdam, Netherlands where it had been loaded.
All too often, the perpetrators come from the countries with the most stringent legislation in the world against toxic waste, the European Union.
The potential for profit is just too high, laments Greenpeace, estimating an annual turnover of $124 billion, providing 1.5 million jobs. The organization has been tracking the illegal trade for years and last month released the report “The Toxic Ship," documenting 94 attempts to export hazardous cargo to Africa, often by European sources, including the Italian mafia.
Especially tied to Italy are are strange incidents such as ships full of waste that sink in the Mediterranean Sea without so much as a “mayday.”
The EU is not lacking in waste legislation; it has some 60 regulations, directives and decisions. But enforcement is the problem.
Besides the bloc's own regulations prohibiting such activities, all EU nations are bound by the Basel Convention, outlawing the export of hazardous waste and requiring it to be treated as close to its origin as possible. (The U.S. has not ratified the treaty.)
But by exploiting the many loopholes — such as calling the items “donations” or claiming that they are functioning second-hand goods for re-sale — or by simply breaking the law, middlemen are making millions, which developing nations are paying for with their health.
Of course, there is also a small segment of the population of these mainly West African nations that is profiting too, and the United Nations Office on Drug and Crime (UNODC) considers it so serious that it warns “democracy will not flourish” as long as the illegal trade does.
Another organization tracking such shipments is the Danish organization DanWatch.
DanWatch researchers have found pieces of old computers on waste piles in Ghana clearly labeled with stickers from Danish companies, schools and government ministries.
In a documentary made by the group, environmental journalist Mike Anane confirmed most of the tons of electronic trash comes from the U.S. and Europe, much of it “under the guise of donations.”
“When you examine the items, they don't work,” Anane said. “So one would wonder why somebody would want to ‘donate' items that don't work if it's not dumping. It's just a way to get rid of these computers from Europe to Africa.”
DanWatch is currently working on a new assessment of the levels of that kind of European “benevolence.”
Maren Swart is in Accra, Ghana, polling shop owners about the source of the decrepit computers they are selling as second-hand items.
“I've been in two shops today and both said they came from Europe,” she said Thursday in a telephone interview as she drove through the Ghanaian capital. On Friday Swart reported she'd found computers clearly marked as coming from the U.S. government, the Senate and the Department of Justice all in one store. She's trying to get access to the harbor to look at incoming shipments of what she expects will be more such items, but authorities have thus far refused.
Swart explained that DanWatch wasn't necessarily telling conscientious Europeans to quit sending gently used electronic goods to developing nations, which can in fact benefit the populations in many ways. What Swart and her organization want is for the ships that bring in this tonnage of dubious usefulness should also take back the same amount of broken, unsalvageable items so it can be dismantled in safe European facilities.
“You think you're doing something right, but you aren't!” she chided well-meaning donors.
Another option, she suggested, would be to donate money and expertise to help developing countries set up their own higher-tech facilities.
Swart fears it will be a long time before any of the measures being taken in Brussels are felt in Accra. That seems realistic given the goal stated by former Environment Commissioner Stavros Dimas when pledging to step up enforcement of existing waste laws “to deliver the maximum benefits for citizens, the environment and the EU economy."
Anderson Cooper used his Ridiculist segment on Wednesday to go after Pat Robertson for his recent comments saying gay people have “AIDS rings” that… um… well, even CBN couldn't deal with that insanity. Cooper admitted he tries to avoid mentioning Robertson and his “nonsensical” musings whenever he can, but this was clearly too much for him. He showed viewers some of Robertson's greatest hits, while sarcastically musing on his clearly well-thought-out opinions on gay issues.
Cooper was stunned to hear about these so-called “AIDS rings,” but it did clear up one thing for him. He said, “I totally get why Pat Robertson is against same-sex marriage, he just doesn't want to give gay men a reason to wear rings.”
Cooper also pointed out how Robertson quickly backpedaled a little on what he said, which Cooper found surprising, because normally his “thought on gay issues are very well-thought-out and very well-articulated.” He then proceeded to show clip after clip deflating that point, including Robertson telling a woman concerned about her cheating husband to deal with it.
Cooper concluded:
“Thank you, Pat Robertson. You are a true crusader. And we definitely didn't consider just permanently changing this segment to the Pat Robertson list, although it does have a certain ring to it.”
Watch the video below, via CNN:
—–
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
(Kate Patterson for The Washington Post)
Thanks to science, you may soon be able to get drunk without feeling the effects the next morning.
A British scientist and longtime drug researcher has developed an alcohol substitute that still gives imbibers that sought-after buzz without the unsavory side effects of a hangover the next day. More importantly, at least from a public-health perspective, the substitute could also reduce instances of alcoholism and eliminate the damage that alcohol toxins have on bodily organs.
Oh, and it doesn't have calories.
Cheers!
Alcarelle is the brainchild of David Nutt, a neuropsychopharmacology professor at Imperial College London and former adviser on substance abuse to the British government. It's the brand name for a pair of alcohol substitutes that contain chemical compounds, which Nutt calls “alcosynths,” that mimic the fun of alcohol without the consequences.
Alcarelle has not undergone a regulatory or scientific peer review, Nutt said.
Nutt has pursued patents for roughly 90 chemical compounds that have the effect of knocking a couple back, and two of those lab creations have already been tested in humans. They could come to a bar near you if his newly formed company, also called Alcarelle, can raise the money needed to bring it to market, he said. The substitute would be sold as a liquid and added to your favorite cocktail or nonalcoholic beverage in lieu of vodka, rum, gin or other libations.
“I've gone from this stage of being just me, the mad scientist, to having business partners,” Nutt said in a phone interview. “They're the people who are hopefully going to get me the investors.”
The various compounds that Nutt has developed work in one of two ways. Some replicate the direct effects of alcohol, specifically affecting the area of the brain that makes you feel loose but not the area that makes you fall-down drunk. Others mimic the indirect effects of alcohol, altering your serotonin or dopamine levels so that you might feel happier or more energetic.
Researchers can also engineer the chemical compounds so that their effect on the brain maxes out after so many drinks, reducing the desire to drink excessively and the risk of alcohol poisoning or blacking out, he said.
“My ambition would be for my grandchildren to never be exposed to alcohol,” Nutt said.
Tackling the harmful effects of alcohol has been Nutt's focus since his days as a doctoral student in the 1970s. It was also part of his work during a stint in the 1980s as clinical science chief in the National Institutes of Health's alcohol abuse and alcoholism division. The challenge, he said, is that alcohol is fundamentally toxic to the human body. Indeed, health professionals have long warned that excessive and prolonged alcohol consumption can be detrimental to the brain, heart and liver, among other organs.
So 10 years ago, Nutt authored a paper for the British government calling for greater research into alcohol alternatives.
“Over the last couple of years, this research has come to some fruition. We now have found substances that can do what alcohol does in terms of giving people a relaxing experience and social experience, but without having the downsides of anger and aggression and addiction,” Nutt said.
A University of Pittsburgh study finds 70 of the most popular videos that show people intoxicated on YouTube accounted for more than 330 million views. Researchers are now looking at the social media videos as an opportunity to teach about the dangers of alcohol. (Jason Aldag/The Washington Post)
Read more from The Washington Post's Innovations section.
Just a few hours ago we told you about the curious tweet from the official IMAX Twitter account, in which they teased us with an upcoming announcement happening later today on The Star Wars Show. Many people guessed that this will probably be an announcement of when the Rogue One tickets will go on sale. Now it appears that we have the concrete day of this highly anticipated event…
According to a report from SeasideCourier (a local newspaper in San Diego) the Rogue One tickets will go on sale for the general public on November 7. They made that revelation while promoting a local VIP screening of Rogue One that will happen on December 15. Here's what they said:
On Thursday, Dec. 15, the City of Carlsbad will host a special VIP advance screening for all ages of the new movie “Rogue One: A Star Wars Story” before the film is released to the general public, at Regal 12 Carlsbad at The Shoppes at Carlsbad at 7:30 p.m. Tickets are $20 and will be available for pre-sale on Nov. 5 at the Epic Teen Nights: Movie in the Park event from 4 to 9 p.m. Tickets will then go on sale online to the general public beginning 7 a.m. on Monday, Nov. 7.
The fact the the ticket sales will start on a Monday should not surprise you. The same thing happened last year with The Force Awakens. You probably remember that we reported last year that the final TFA trailer will be released on Monday October 19, 2015, together with the ticket sales. Many people were skeptic on that but we were right.
While this date makes sense, it is still not officially confirmed. One thing is sure though – the sales will happen before November 7th! We're guessing that we will have an official announcement on that later today on The Star Wars Show, so stay tuned…
Click HERE to check out and comment on this topic in our forum The Cantina
0 Is Pokémon Go going too far in Bellevue?
BELLEVUE, Wash. - Is Pokémon Go going too far? Some residents who live across from Bellevue Downtown Park think so.
Pokémon players are flocking to the popular park at all hours of the day and night.
Photo is screenshot from a video by 'MarkTube' on Youtube.
The park is supposed to close at 11 p.m., but it isn't. Hundreds of people playing Pokémon are roaming in packs. Some players told KIRO 7 they stayed in the park until 3 a.m. some days.
The game has residents calling police to complain about the noise at the park. Police are responding to players who aren't using common sense, filling the road near the park to chase Pokémon.
Fences were knocked down at the park last week when a crowd was determined to get a Pokémon inside the closed off area.
The park is under major construction and fences are set up to divide the part of the park that is open from that which is closed. A photo was posted on Reddit about the incident. KIRO 7 talked to a player who watched the crowd pick up the fencing after it was knocked down.
The park itself showing signs of popularity, the grass is worn to dirt in many places.
So why is Bellevue Downtown Park the place to play? Players of all ages told KIRO 7 one reason it is so popular is there are so many PokéStops inside the park.
The more people who come to the park to play, the more Pokémon appear. The game lets players place "lures" that attract Pokémon and allow all players to benefit. The water feature in the park means water and land Pokémon are ready to be caught. It is also a good place to find rare Pokémon.
Players traveled from Tacoma and Silverdale to play in the park Monday afternoon.
A KIRO 7 crew watched the crowd move together from one side of the park to another. The park is advertised on Reddit, Facebook , and Trip Advisor as the place to play.
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
10:23pm: Boston has announced the signings of both Benintendi and third-rounder Austin Rei. The catcher will receive an at-slot, $724,400 bonus, Callis tweets.
Rei is a defensive specialist; indeed, Callis calls his work behind the plate the best of all this year's draft-eligible collegians. The questions come with the bat, though there are signs that Rei can contribute on offense. As MLB.com wrote in ranking him 87th on its board, Rei rates solidly in terms of bat speed and approach.
10:30am: The Red Sox have agreed to terms with No. 7 overall draft pick Andrew Benintendi, reports MLB.com's Jim Callis (via Twitter). The lefty-swinging outfielder out of the University of Arkansas will receive the full slot bonus of $3,590,400, per Callis, who feels that Benintendi possessed the best all-around tools of any college hitter in this year's draft class.
Callis and colleague Jonathan Mayo ranked Benintendi eighth among draft prospects, while Benintendi ranked ninth per Baseball America and per Kiley McDaniel of Fangraphs. ESPN's Keith Law ranked Benintendi a bit lower at No. 21, though he noted that, “No one has improved his stock this spring more than the sophomore draft-eligible Benintendi…” which is lofty but likely deserved praise after Benintendi led the SEC in OBP, homers and slugging percentage.
Callis and Mayo praised Benintendi's smooth swing and ability to consistently barrel up the ball. That's complemented by plus speed, the MLB.com duo notes, giving Benintendi a chance to be a base-stealing threat and to stick in center field. BA notes that Benintendi didn't play summer ball last year and wasn't even on some clubs' radars entering the season, but he quickly caused a “who's-who of scouting directors and front-office officials” to fly in to watch his performance as the season progressed. McDaniel pegs the potential of each of Benintendi's five tools as solid-average or better, and BA notes that the only real knocks on the 5'10” outfielder are his size and lack of a lengthier track record.
With Benintendi's agreement in place, eight of the Top 10 picks in this year's draft have either signed or agreed to term, though just three have signed for the full slot value of their pick. (Minnesota's Tyler Jay and Philadelphia's Cornelius Randolph are the others.)
Photo courtesy of USA Today Sports Images.
FACEBOOK
A call for help from Canada. Aaryan is a 10-year-old kid suffering from a rare blood disorder called Aplastic Anemia. His best chance of survival is a transplant from a bone marrow match within the new few months. His parents, Khalid and Jenny are asking for your help to find a donor -- you could help save Aaryan's life.Testing to see if you are a match is as simple as a swab of the inside of the cheek. Once added to the registries, OneMatch (Canada) or Be the Match (US), even if you're not matched specifically to Aary, you could still be matched and save the life of another patient in Canada, United States or around the world.It's most likely that a match for Aaryan will come from the same ethnic and ancestral background. This means that there is a great need for donors of Vietnamese/Asian and Afghan/Central Asian ethnicities. Unfortunately, these groups are dramatically underrepresented in the National Bone Marrow Registries.Here's how you can help:For further information about Aaryan and how you can help, visit Match4AAry
Shane Mumford will miss the rest of the season after undergoing ankle surgery
GREATER Western Sydney's tilt at a first finals campaign has been dealt a serious blow with the news that ruckman Shane Mumford will miss the rest of the season with an ankle injury.
Arguably the club's most important player, Mumford will have ankle reconstruction surgery this week, after suffering the injury in the Giants' 42-point loss to Collingwood on Sunday.
Scans have revealed that the 28 year-old tore the deltoid ligament in his left ankle.
WATCH: Four Giants struck down with injury against Magpies
The club's number two ruckman Adam Tomlinson is already in the rehab room with a toe injury, so Mumford's replacement is likely to be 11-gamer Andrew Phillips, who has made one appearance in 2015.
Coach Leon Cameron concedes the loss of the reigning club champion will hurt the Giants, but says Mumford's absence will give an opportunity to the club's younger players.
"It's a good test for our young group, some kids have been playing some good footy in the NEAFL, so it's a good challenge for us," Cameron said on Tuesday.
"You don't like losing key position players and leaders of your footy club, but that's life.
"The good thing about Mummy is there's a smile on his face, he's disappointed he's going to miss footy, but what he's looking forward to is helping (Andrew) Phillips, and (Tom) Downie) and young Rory Lobb take their opportunity.
The news doesn't get any better for the Giants, with co-captain Phil Davis also to be out of action for six to eight weeks, who also suffered an ankle injury against the Pies.
Davis sprained ligaments in his right ankle just before half time at the MCG on Sunday, and will join fellow key defender Joel Patfull in the medical room.
Patfull punctured a lung and broke two ribs in an accidental collision with teammate Matt Buntine, and will miss the next six to eight weeks of footy.
The Giants' key defensive jobs will now fall to 23 year-old Nick Haynes and 22 year-old Aidan Corr, who have played a combined 59 AFL games.
Haynes (192 centimetres and 87 kilos), plus Corr (195 and 88) will be fighting out of their weight divisions against the like of Drew Petrie, Jarrad Waite and Ben Brown when the Giants face North Melbourne this week.
While undersized, Cameron has faith in his pair of youngsters to get the job done.
"I can't sit here and predict what's going to happen, all I can say is that I'm very, very confident that our young group will rally, and fight and find a way to play a very competitive brand," Cameron said.
"That's the confidence I have, starting with Saturday.
"Aidan Corr played particularly well in the NEAFL on the weekend so we look forward to him coming back into the team and making a stance, and saying 'look I can play key position', and I think he's looking forward to it as well."
Many have written off the Giants' finals hopes after the fallout from the Collingwood game was revealed, but when asked if his side's top eight chances have disappeared, Cameron said his focus hasn't changed.
"Even before these guys became injured I never ever looked too far, it's a week-to-week prospect for us," Cameron said.
"We're not in a position to actually state that we're a finals team yet. I stated at the start of the year that it would be disappointing if we didn't make finals within the next two years," Cameron said.
"Have we improved this year? Absolutely. Are we in a good position? Yes we are, at the halfway mark of the year.
"Do I expect us to win more games? Yep, and do I expect a really competitive performance and (us to) take it up to the Kangaroos on Saturday? I expect that to happen, and I'm confident it will happen.
In a slightly better outcome for GWS, midfielder Stephen Coniglio's shoulder injury isn't as serious as first thought, and although he's likely to be sidelined for three weeks with a grade two AC joint injury, with the Giants' bye he may only miss two games.
By Cassius Methyl and Nick Bernabe
The US Department of Agriculture (USDA) is giving millions of dollars to universities across America for the development and study of nanotechnology to be used in food.
Despite research existing on the potential concerns over health and safety of nanotech in food, the USDA wants to push forward with nanotech in full force. This agency of the government is known for its revolving door relationship with Big Food.
A statement from the Center for Food Safety sums up the health concerns well:
The subject of nanotechnology and our food supply offers an alarming view of the potential for human health issues. Amazingly, the U.S. government currently does not regulate the use of nanotechnology in food products, despite its widespread use and serious public health concerns. Europe and the Canadian government have taken the first steps to limit the use of nanotechnology in food, but the U.S. has so far only issued draft guidelines to companies.
So what is this nanotechnology exactly? That's a complicated question. According to the USDA,
Nanomaterials can occur naturally, for example in volcanic ash and ocean spray, and may also be incidental byproducts of human activity, such as homogenization or milling. They can also be produced intentionally with specific properties through certain chemical or physical processes.
These intentionally created nanomaterials have been in use in the US food supply for over ten years — mostly in packaging and processing. According to UnderstandingNano.com,
Clay nanocomposites are being used to provide an impermeable barrier to gasses such as oxygen or carbon dioxide in lightweight bottles, cartons and packaging films. Storage bins are being produced with silver nanoparticles embedded in the plastic. The silver nanoparticles kill bacteria from any material that was previously stored in the bins, minimizing health risks from harmful bacteria.
Nanotech is increasingly being pursued for use directly in the food we eat, rather than just in the packaging. According to Popular Mechanics:
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets The most commonly used nanoparticle in foods is titanium dioxide. It's used to make foods such as yogurt and coconut flakes look as white as possible, provide opacity to other food colorings, and prevent ingredients from caking up. Nanotech isn't just about aesthetics, however. The biggest potential use for this method involves improving the nutritional value of foods.
Nano additives can enhance or prevent the absorption of certain nutrients. In an email interview with Popular Mechanics, Jonathan Brown, a research fellow at the University of Minnesota, says this method could be used to make mayonnaise less fattening by replacing fat molecules with water droplets.
There has been a 1000% increase in nanotech used for food since 2008 and is now being deployed by major companies including Kraft, General Mills, Hershey, Nestle, Mars, Unilever, Smucker's and Albertsons.
This is where the $3.8 million in USDA grants come in. According to the PDF released by the USDA, the grants entail;
University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI $450,100 | Tailor polyanhydride nanoparticles to encapsulate and release antibiotics to protect shrimp against bacterial pathogens.
Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA $447,788 | Obtain a basic understanding of starch-nanoclay interactions in dispersion; evaluate the disintegration, release, and antimicrobial properties of cross-linked, crystallized, and iodine-loaded starch fibers; determine the effect of alignment and drawing on thermomechanical properties of starch fibers; and assess the feasibility of using a multi-jet electrospinning setup to scale the electrospinning process for starch fiber production.
Rutgers University, New Brunswick, NJ $450,000 | Complete a national survey that will examine the acceptance of food nanotechnology; assess consumers' beliefs about the relationship of nanotechnology to healthfulness; evaluate acceptability of nanomaterials in functional foods and pet food applications; examine the acceptable characteristics of nano-enabled smart food packaging; assess use value of visuals communicating the potential for nanotechnology; and examine how consumers use visuals to interpret nanotechnology concepts.
If there was one overarching term at Shoptalk Europe this week, it was artificial intelligence. From machine learning to visual search, natural language processing and more, the role of systems that facilitate smarter and more personalized customer experiences was key.
Keynote talks from Google, Alibaba, Westfield and more all referenced such a focus, with repeats of numerous big stats bandied about in terms of where this space is moving. By 2020, 85% of customer interaction in retail will be managed by AI, according to Gartner, multiple speakers said. And 30% of all companies will employ AI to augment at least one of their primary sales processes by the same time period, they further added.
“We're putting AI front and center as a driving force to make [smart commerce] happen,” noted eBay's chief product officer, RJ Pittman. “The curve is steep but the opportunity is extraordinary. So we're going to start climbing; we're right at the precipice of a transformational inflection point.”
He referenced the company's Shopbot on Facebook Messenger, as well as its Google Home pricing tool for sellers. AI is what will make commerce more personal, he explained, and importantly also scalable.
Other such initiatives were referenced throughout the conference too. Levi's noted its virtual stylist chatbot, created with Mode.ai, which aims to replicate the experience customers have in store by helping them with the fit and style of jeans to suit them.
Topman's global digital director, Gareth Rees-John, highlighted his work with a Canadian company called Granify to help optimize the menswear store's e-commerce conversion rates by serving different messages to shoppers when they are a flight risk. The notifications use machine learning to address issues that will help retain the individual in question, such as letting them know an item is low in stock, as one example. It's seeing an uplift of 3-5% in doing so.
Flash sales site BrandAlley meanwhile, outlined how it works with marketing automation company Emarsys for persona-based targeting in its email campaigns, which has led to a 16% conversion lift. And AI firm Sentient Technologies showed how providing 256 real-time website design variations for consumers for Swedish flower delivery chain Euroflorist, has resulted in a 17% increase in conversions.
An underlying thread throughout, however, was how much more work there is to be done to move towards true personalization. Rees-John reminded the audience how many retailers are still operating on legacy systems with “jumbled data” making it hard to move forward fast, for instance. His focus, he said, is on “making little changes that have robust business cases”.
Meanwhile, Bruce Macinnes, chairman of BrandAlley, noted that he hopes to move towards personalizing the entire customer journey from homepage to checkout. “We have plenty of personalized content along that journey but it's not fully personalized yet and we believe there is a way to go to using all the data that we have,” he explained.
Charmaine Huet, chief marketing officer of Woolworths South Africa, wants to work towards having millions of different communications plans every day. “78% of our revenue comes from credit cards, so we already know a lot about our customers. Now what we're really thinking about is how do you really personalize the experience for them and how do you create content that is really personalized and resonates with [each of them] - and this is really difficult, it takes humans and data and AI.”
Vladimir Stankovic, global digital and e-commerce director at Camper, said AI can be seen as the enabler for all this. “It will allow us to get closer to our consumer, to give them what they want.” His big hopes lie in how it can impact discovery: “Natural language processing and visual search are providing new ways to discover product. I believe there is huge value from this technology.”
Visual search companies particularly dominated the exhibit floor, including the likes of Slyce, which works with Tommy Hilfiger, and Fashwell, which works with Zalando. Ted Mann, CEO of the former, said being able to search through your camera lens will become common practice for shoppers down the road, noting new functionalities his team is adding including being able to use visual search to create wishlists and to fill shopping baskets.
In his keynote talk, Tim Kendall, president of Pinterest, likewise said “the future of discovery will be visual”. He pushed the idea that Pinterest is aiming to do to discovery what Google did to search, with visual search at the heart of achieving that.
The company's Lens tool, which allows customers to find similar items from its database by searching through their cameras, is being heavily integrated in the shopping space. It recently launched a partnership with Target on that basis, similarly starting with a registry experience.
“This Pinterest partnership quite literally helps us shorten the distance from when our guests have an idea to when they're ready to make a purchase,” said Rick Gomez, chief marketing officer at Target, at launch. “It's another way we're making it easy and fun for our guests to explore and find new products.”
Ultimately the goal, said Huet of Woolworths South Africa, is for automation in retail processes to do just this: allow more frictionless shopping, as well as a level of personalized experience so consumers can spend more time doing (and finding) what they really want.
AI in its various forms, is helping shopkeepers move this forward. “Just look at this conference; AI is already here,” said Pittman of eBay. “I say embrace it. And then go build something great.”
INDIANAPOLIS -- It's like Taco Tuesday, but for seven days in a row!
Indy Taco Week is a week-long celebration of tacos in Indianapolis that starts Monday and runs through July 23.
The tasty event is hosted by NUVO to help raise funds for Second Helpings , a community kitchen that's devoted to feeding hungry children and adults in central Indiana.
You can find a list of the restaurants currently participating in Indy Taco Week below, but make sure to check back because that list could continue to grow.
So grab some friends and head out to one of your favorite taco joints July 17 – 23, and don't forget to snap a photo of your tasty tacos and post it online with the hashtag #IndyTacoWeek.
Participating Restaurants Include:
Russian Gourmet: Stuffed Bell Peppers
During my conversation with George Detsios he mentioned that his restaurant had a very short menu which included stuffed peppers and stuffed cabbage. Stuffed peppers are not hard to make and if you purchase the peppers at the City Market like I did for 3-for-a-dollar they are also very inexpensive. I am not sure if they will be as good as George's but you wouldn't know any better anyway.
First, assemble the ingredients and equipment. You will need 6 peppers, lean ground beef, a carrot, few stalks of celery, an onion,a handful of rice, a can of tomato juice, cooking (olive) oil, salt, pepper, large pot to hold the peppers, smaller pot to boil tomato juice and a skillet. If you have a choice pick the peppers other than green, they are sweeter.
Put a handful of rice into a small pot of water, heat it up until it just boils then rinse. Remove the tops from the peppers, clean out the seeds and wash the peppers inside and outside. Do not discard the tops.
Chop an onion, and saute on the skillet with (olive) oil until translucent and soft. Shred a carrot into the skillet and continue sauteing on the low heat.
During that time boil a pot of water, turn off the heat, put peppers with tops in the pot and let them soften up for a few minutes. Drain the water and remove peppers.
While the peppers are cooling, boil tomato juice. Adjust salt/sugar levels to taste.
Mix ground beef, onions and carrots from the skillet, shredded celery and a couple of handfuls of water. Add salt if needed.
Stuff the mixture into peppers. Do not try to fit as much meat into a pepper as you can, this is not a meat-stuffing contest. Place peppers into an empty pot and cover with tops.
If you still have leftover meat – roll it into a meatball and place it in the pot with peppers.
Pour boiling tomato juice over peppers, bring to boil, then simmer for 20-30 minutes. The goal is to have the stuffing cooked without letting the peppers disintegrate.
Serve with sour cream.
Here are the rest of my photos.
Disclaimer:this blog assumes no responsibility if the words “stuffing meat” got you excited. Please move on.
In memoriam of the anniversary of Alex Toth's death (this past Sunday, May 27th), we have dug up a few of his works from the late 60s-early 70s. A page from issue number 12 of the DC Comics series “The Witching Hour”, and a page from one of the many romance comics he illustrated (penciled, in the case of our sample), “Young Romance”.
But first, a powerfully simplistic self-portrait that Toth did for collector Mark J. Cohen, whose collection resides here at the Billy Ireland Cartoon Library & Museum and contains over 370 cartoonist self portraits. A number of these pieces were displayed in our 2011 exhibit, Gallery Of Rogues: Cartoonist Self-Caricatures.
Widely considered to be one of the greatest cartoonists of our time, and a protege of Milton Caniff (our founding donor!), Toth is revered not for the creation of any particular character or brilliant strip, but for his absolute command of the comics art-form at large.
Below, an original page from DC Comics' 1969 The Witching Hour, which quite perfectly displays Toth's supreme understanding of design and the layout of a page.
Known best for his work on Zorro comics and animation work for Hanna-Barbera Productions (including the design of Space Ghost), Toth was an influence on many and a placater to few. He was strong willed and outspoken about disliking much in the field; from gratuitous violence in comics to the abstract and experimental.
To quote his autobiography in Kitchen Sink Press' 1995 book Alex Toth: “I detest stupidity, ignorance, and arrogant disregard for craft in a “professional,” and I've made enemies of such people through the last thirty-three years! Much to my own disadvantage, I might add! But I am what I am, and it's the only way I know to live a life, in as honest a manner as is possible! Play it, and say it, straight!”
In May of 2006, Toth passed away at his drawing table at age 77, in his home in Burbank, CA.
Share this: Facebook
LinkedIn
Reddit
Twitter
Google
Tumblr
Pinterest
In a few years, you may be able to download a full-length HD movie to your phone in a matter of seconds rather than minutes. And video chats will be so immersive that it will feel like you can reach out and touch the other person right through the screen.
At least, that's what the wireless companies envision for the future of mobile. While many parts of the world are still awaiting the rollout of 4G networks, the telecom industry is already looking ahead to the next generation of cellular technology, called 5G.
It was a big topic of discussion at the Mobile World Congress show last week, where companies like Nokia Networks, Huawei and Ericsson talked about what each is doing in the area of 5G and the possibilities it will create. (MWC is an annual event in Barcelona where the wireless industry comes together to show off the latest devices and technologies.)
But as an emerging technology, there are a lot of questions surrounding 5G. What is it exactly? How will it work? How will it affect consumers?
I asked industry experts, as well as companies like Nokia and Huawei, for their takes on 5G. Most agreed: The technology is still a long way from becoming a reality, but it has the potential to completely change the way we interact with wireless devices, from the smartphones in our pockets to the cars we drive.
What is 5G?
5G is the name being given to the next generation of wireless networks (this is the fifth generation, hence 5G), but beyond that, it's hard to define.
During a keynote address at MWC, FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler compared 5G to a Picasso painting. “I see something different than you see,” he said. “I think that's where 5G is right now. It's all in the eye of the beholder.”
Uh, okay.
The ambiguity around 5G is because it's still largely a concept at this point, and the wireless industry hasn't settled on any standards around the new network. But it's looking to achieve some key goals with 5G:
Significantly faster data speeds: Currently, 4G networks are capable of achieving peak download speeds of one gigabit per second, though in practice it's never that fast. With 5G, this would increase to 10Gbps.
Ultra-low latency: “Latency” refers to the time it takes one device to send a packet of data to another device. Currently with 4G, the latency rate is around 50 milliseconds, but 5G will reduce that to about one millisecond. This will be particularly important for industrial applications and driverless cars.
A more “connected world”: The Internet of Things (wearables, smart home appliances, connected cars) is expected to grow exponentially over the next 10 years, and it will need a network that can accommodate billions of connected devices. Part of the goal behind 5G is to provide that capacity, and also to be able to assign bandwidth depending on the needs of the application and user.
What will 5G allow me to do that I can't right now with 4G?
To provide a little more context around how much faster 5G speeds will be compared to 4G, let's go back to the video example I mentioned at the beginning. According to Huawei, 5G will allow you to download an eight gigabyte HD movie in six seconds versus the seven minutes it would take over 4G or more than an hour on 3G.
But 5G is much more than just faster data speeds on your mobile devices. It also opens the door to a lot of different consumer and industrial applications and uses — some of which seem unbelievable now because they're so futuristic.
For example, Ulrich Dropmann, head of industry environment networks at Nokia, gave a scenario where you might be cruising in your driverless car when, unbeknownst to you, a crash has just occurred up the road. With 5G, sensors placed along the road would be able to instantly relay that information back to your car (this is where having low latency is important), so it could brake earlier and avoid another accident.
At MWC, Ericsson showed how 5G could be used to control heavy machinery from a remote location. Inside the booth, attendees strapped on an Oculus Rift headset and were able to remotely control one of two real diggers to move dirt either outside the conference hall or one thousand of miles away in Sweden. My Re/code colleague Ina Fried tried it out, and it worked!
What are the challenges facing 5G?
One of the big challenges facing 5G is standardization. There are already multiple groups working to come up with standards around interoperability, backward compatibility with older technologies (4G, 3G), and making sure the network will be future-proof. While many companies agree that a global standard is needed, whether they'll be able to come together and agree on one is another story.
Building the infrastructure for 5G is also a huge task, with issues around spectrum and installing new antennas. 5G is likely going to rely on, at least in part, on higher-frequency bands. There is more space in those airwaves available, but at such high frequencies, signals can't travel nearly as far as they can over the frequencies used for 4G, resulting in a poor connection.
Obstacles like buildings and trees and even bad weather can also cause interference, according to Nokia's Dropmann. To offset that, carriers will need to install more base stations to ensure better coverage, and use antenna technologies like MIMO (multiple-input and multiple-output).
Ina Fried has more on the long road to 5G here.
How much is 5G going to cost me?
Both Huawei and Nokia agreed that 5G can't cost too much more than what consumers are paying now for 4G; otherwise, no one's going to adopt the technology. But it's really too early to say how much 5G devices and services will cost.
When will we get 5G?
Again, it's too soon to say for sure, but don't count on it in the next couple of years. The most optimistic targets would see the first commercial network up and running by 2020, but even that may be too optimistic. As with LTE, it will take years for the network to become widespread.
About
PSV version confirmed! Add to all $120 and $120+ Pledge -- Upated by Aug.26
Hi guys, we finally get the development license for SONY PlayStation Vita!!
Thank you guys so much for all your support!
Now, as a gift, we have decided to add a copy of PSV version to all $120 and $120+ Pledges!
Again, thanks for you supporting!!
Level UP!! Now it‘s time for PlayStation 4 !!! -- Upated by Aug.25
We are so excited to announce that we just get the development permit for SONY PlayStation 4!!!
That's Right!! All pledges of PS3 version will upgrade to PS4 !
Moreover, we are still negotiating about PS Vita development, please check it out later!!
Meanwhile, we already got XBOX ONE development kit on hand.
So everything is ready! Just need more power from you guys!!!
We made it on XBOX ONE!! -- Upated by Aug.20
Great news guys!! We just get the authorization for Xbox One development!
So!!...... That's right !! Anyone who is a eligible to get the XBOX360 version, now will be upgrade to XBOX ONE !!!!! Thank you all for supporting us!!!!! It is an action game, これは、アクションゲームです。 a good ole fashioned 2D side-scrolling action game, これは、2D横スクロール本格派アクションゲームなのです。 a good ole fashioned action game joined with nirvana and combo features. これは、格闘ゲームの必殺技や連続技など要素を持ち込んだ、超本格派アクションゲームなのです。 Graphically our game combined hand-drawn animation and comic(manga) background to bring you the most authentic Japanese manga and animation expression! 手描きキャラクターとマンガ風背景の伝統を持つ、アニメやマンガ的な表現も満載です。 Our plot is as ole fashioned as well. It's all about the path to revenge, violence to eliminate violent. Just have a look at our promo video and you'll know whats all about! CM映像をみるだけで分かる、簡潔ながら復古的ストーリー。 一心不乱の、「目には目を、歯には歯を」の復讐劇なんのす。 The purpose of this game is very simple： use your fists, firearms, chainsaws, spiked clubs, katana and other good ole fashioned weapons to smash your enemies. ゲームの目標は簡単で唯一つ： 拳で、銃で、スパイクドクラブで、侍刀で、チェーンソーで、 つまり、あらゆる「伝統的な」武器で、「敵を全部ぶっつ殺す」だけです。 This game is similar to Final Fight, Capation Commando, Cadillacs & Dinosaurs and other classic arcade ACT games, we have added features like fighting game to allow players achieve some ultimate combos with simple command input. 本作は『ファイナルファイト』、『キャプテンコマンドー』、『キャディラックス』など、懐かしいアーケードアクションゲームの復活で、簡単なコマンドを入力しただけで痛快なコンボを達成できるように、格闘ゲームとしての要素を組み込んみました。 Why are we developing this game. なぜ、このゲームを作りたいのかーー When we were kids, we all played games like Golden Axe, Final Fight, Double Dragon and many other excellent ACT gamse in the arcade center. 私はまだ子供だったごろ、ゲームセンターで『ゴールデンアックス』、『ファイナルファイト』、『ダブルドラゴン』など打撃感抜群の優秀なベルトアクションゲームがたくさんありました。 However, even with high-end technologies, nowadays we can hardly find a remarkable ATC game on those new fancy consoles. ACT games almost fade away from our sight! The entire game industry possibly had taken a wrong turn. Those AAA manufacturers intend to put millions dollars into one game to only create some top level visual effects and make it looks like a Hollywood movie. But the games themselves are basically dead inside cause those game have no soul !!!!! 科学技術の進歩につれ、今の家庭用ゲーム機は当時のアーケードゲームでも考えられないほどの高性能になりました。しかし、優秀なベルトアクションゲームが徐々になくなりました。 多くのゲーム大作は、ひたすらハリウット級の影像表現とより巨大で複雑なゲーム内ワールドを追求するようになり、ゲームのコア部分を琢磨するを忘れてしまい、ゲームの「魂」の輝きを引き出すことができません。 これは市場の流れかもしれませんが、しかし、人の心に残るゲームは必ず、昔のベルトアクションゲームのように、 １コマ毎に制作者たちが魂を込めて作られたものです！ Sometimes we ask questions like this: do you game developers really have to make a game this fucking complicated?! 今頃のゲーム開発者はなぜ、システムが複雑すぎる上に、難しいゲームを作くなければならないのでしょう？ It feels like the game is playing us! ゲームを「遊びたい」プレイヤーは、このようなゲームに「翻弄される」ばかりで、元の楽しみを無くしてしまった。 We are not asking too much, we only need an EASY and FUN game to get the job done! そもそも、僕達がゲームに求めるものは、「簡単で、楽しいこと」だけだったのです。 Many "professionals" gave us a lot crap when we started the developing. Some even said it's a stupid move to make a ACT game, because it's not as profitable as SNS or mobile online games. But we seriously don't think SNS and those simple mobile online games can be considered FUN, and let me tell you guys: The spirit of ACT games will never ever die! このゲームを作り始めたところ、僕達は散々笑い飛ばされました。「今さら古臭いアクションゲームを作るなどバカバカしい。そんなに金が欲しいなら、SNSや一番儲かるモバイルゲームを作ればいいじゃん？」を言う人もいました。 でも僕達は、「そんなゲームは僕達が作りたいゲームではない」「アクションゲームは全然古臭くない」と思っています。 Since we are already making a "stupid" move, we will show you how far we can go! バカバカしいと言われたならば、徹底的にバカなことをやってみました。 This is why we want to make a good ole action game. これが僕達がのこゲームを作ったきっかけです。 Let's take a look at the characteristics of the game! それでは、ゲームのキャラクターを紹介します。 Everyone in our team had been working for some major Japanese cartoon and game companies. Especially our boss who had been screwed many times by at least 4 huge projects, who had been working in the gaming and cartoon industry for 14 years; who used to work as a nobody in GONZO, MADHOUSE, SEGA and finally became the director (producer) in charge of creating Evangelion, Afro Samurai, Animatrix, Hellsing, Macross Zero, Black Lagoon, Bible Black etc.; who also were in charge of the art design of famous games like Guilty Gear, Ys and many others. 我々のチーム全員は、日本のアニメーションやゲーム会社に専門職を経験し、少なくとも4つの大型プロジェクトに参加することがあり ます。 特に、我々のリーダーは日本のゲーム・アニメ業界に14年も従事して、GONZO、MADHOUSE、セガなど会社に勤務し、底辺の事務員から次 第に抜擢され、作画監督まで上り詰めた者です。 彼は作画監督や演出として、『エヴァンゲリオン』、『アニマトリックス』、『アフロサムライ』、『Hellsing』、『マクロスゼロ』、 『ブラックラグーン』、『バイブルブラック』など数々の名作を手をかけて、『GUILTY GEAR』、『Ys』などゲームの美術設定を参加する 経験もあります。 Why Kickstarter? We choose KS to fundraise, because on this site we can directly interact with people who really love and understand games. Also it is an efficient way that we can be encouraged and inspired to create something outstanding. なぜ、KSを選びましたでしょうか KSという場所で、我々は本当にゲームを好きな人、ゲームを理解する人と直接にコミュニケーションを取ることができますから。 これこそ、我々が求めているものです。このような人こそ、我々の原動力であり、アイデアの源でもあります。 我々は、ただの工業製品ではなく、「質が高い」の上で、有意義な「作品」を創りたいです。 How much have we completed on judgement of rage? Before we came to Kickstarter, with the help of our own salary, payments from part-time jobs and friends' financial support, we have started making the game and have completed the following development. 今、ゲームの完成度は？ Kickstarterで資金を集める前に、ゲームの開発はすでに始まりました。 半年の間、僕達は自身の給料と友達からの支援金などを使って、以下の进度を完成しました： Your contribution will provide us not only more financial support but also confidence. Show us that YOU want this game from us. YOU believe our belief. 僕達にとって、あなたがたからくださるものは資金だけではなく、信頼でもあります。 あなたはこのゲームを欲しい、と。あなたは僕達の信念を信じてる、と、僕らに伝えて下さい。 We are looking for $65535 USD support from YOU!! Followed are the rewards you can receive from your donation. ゲームの完成には、少なくとも 65535 ドルの資金が必要です。 募金をいただいた方への謝礼は： Amazing? Do not miss the chance to take exclusive bonus by donating us! We are also planning on making this game available on XBOX360 and PSV. If you can help us in any ways, please don't hesitate to contact us. Your support will be much appreciated!
We will to get the Xbox One development kit in hands around next month. Meanwhile we are still negotiating with Microsoft see if we can also keep the 360 version!
Problem: Our non-tester colleagues tend to overestimate the importance of checking in a testing performance.
Why this post?
I have had to counter statements and field questions like:
1. It's not in the requirements!
2. When can we release?
3. Have you fully tested the product?
4. Why don't you just automate everything?
These questions/misconceptions come from people overestimating the importance of checking in a testing performance. I thought long and hard about how to clarify these misconceptions in a relatable way. I realized that my colleagues think like testers when interviewing candidates. Developing on this common ground, I want to attack this bias of favoring checking.
Testing and interviewing
Here are a few places where you can compare good testing to good interviewing:
1. It's not in the requirements!
When you interview a candidate, do you stick exactly to the written job requirements? Do you even refer to the written job requirements? You probably have a gut understanding of the kind of colleague you want, the culture in your company and the skill set needed to do the job. Testers are like that too. Software requirements are helpful but we do not treat them as necessary, complete or written in stone. Also when interviewing, there is a bias towards gathering information as opposed to making an immediate decision. You are not out to ‘break' the candidate. Just learn more about them and how they behave in different conditions. You do not limit yourself to what is on their resume or what was listed on your job description. You Google for them, look up their GitHub profiles and read their blog posts. You want to know if they are interesting colleagues! You imagine how it is to work with them. Testers are like that with software. We want to gather as much information about the software as possible. We consider explicit, implicit and latent requirements. So the next time a tester reports a bug that is not in the written requirements – take a moment to appreciate the good testing and thank the tester for spotting a crucial detail!
2. When can we release?
Another common misconception at a lot of organizations. If I have enough prior experience interviewing candidates for a specific position, I can tell you when I am going to finish interviewing a particular candidate. I cannot tell you when I am going to fill the vacancy. If this candidate fails the interview, then guess what? We need to interview a new one. Testing is similar. If I have prior experience testing a particular product or feature, I may be able to estimate how long it may take to test a build. But I cannot tell you when we are going to release.
3. Have you fully tested the product?
Have you ever “fully interviewed” a candidate? Based on your context, you probe the candidate on topics that you think are the most important. Testing is similar. Based on our context, we test the software on areas and functionality that we think are important.
4. Why don't you just automate everything?
Have you tried listing every possible question you can ask in an interview? Have you tried hiring using only a written test? Probably not because you accept that interviews are an unpredictable dialogue between you and the candidate. Sure, you begin with a script. But you quickly adapt based on the response you receive. You realize that you can guess a few ways in which a candidate is going to mess up an answer but it is impossible to know all ways in which a candidate could mess up an answer. This is the reason why no two interviews are identical. Going in you do not know what nugget of information you are going to discover. Post fact you do. You also understand that a binary pass/fail is not enough to evaluate the responses. You need to exercise your judgement to evaluate the responses and decide on the next question. Like interviewing, testing a mixture of scripting, thinking, reacting and judging. You cannot script everything.
References
This analogy has been used before but (based on text search) references to it online has been sparse.
1. The prolific and thought provoking Michael Bolton, has used this analogy before in both a post and a tweet:
Excellent exploratory testing is like interviewing a program. Imagine that you work at a placement agency, linking candidate workers to your clients. One of your key tasks is to qualify your candidates before you send them out for jobs or for interviews. To make sure they'll be ready for whatever your clients might throw at them, you test them through an interview of your own. You can plan for that interview by all means, but what happens during the interview is to some degree unpredictable, because for each question, the answer that you get informs decisions about the next question.
–Michael Bolton
NOTE: Yes, ‘excellent exploratory testing' is the closer parallel. Comparatively, my analogy is a stretch and does not capture a lot of what testing really is. But my goals are different – I am using this analogy specifically to appeal to non-testers to think deeper about testing.
2. A teacher/researcher used this analogy in a different context. As a culture geek, I found this entire paper fascinating. It is written by a teacher/researcher who spent an entire career (45 years!) examining ritualized routines and submerged cultural understandings in the field of teaching and learning. Relevant part to this blog post is in the section: DISCOVERING HOW STUDENTS USE THEIR KNOWLEDGE TO ANSWER QUESTIONS ON TESTS.
3. I found this comment by a non professional tester (CEO of GarageGames):
To me, testing is similar to interviewing. If you don't have some standard to compare with, you have no way of gauging if you current release is better than the last.
–Eric Preisz
If you made this analogy work for you, or hopefully have a better approach, please comment below.
An air ambulance with seven people on board, including a patient who had suffered a neurological stroke, crash-landed in an open field on the Delhi-Haryana border in Najafgarh Tuesday afternoon. The passengers and the three crew members were rushed to a hospital by local residents and first responders.
Advertising
As it was flying over Najafgarh's Kair village at 2.45 pm, the chartered aircraft— a Beech King Air C-90A air ambulance — informed the Delhi Air Traffic Control of engine failure. The village is at least 10 km from the airport.
Picture Gallery | Air ambulance crash lands near Delhi, passengers rushed to hospital
Deputy Commissioner of Police (southwest) Surender Kumar said all passengers are safe and police have registered a case. At least 14 fire tenders and ambulances were rushed to the spot, he added.
Advertising
Residents of Kair told The Indian Express that they heard a loud explosion and noticed an aircraft flying out of control. “We were sitting outside our house when I heard a loud noise and saw the plane descending rapidly. As it crash-landed in a field nearby, the tyres of the plane broke off. It skidded for at least 200 metres and then stopped,” said Devender Kumar, a school bus driver.
#SpotVisuals of Alchemist Airlines Air Ambulance that crashed in Delhi's Najafgarh area pic.twitter.com/Al608NLzZC — ANI (@ANI_news) May 24, 2016
WATCH EYEWITNESS VIDEO
Dayanand, 75, said when they reached the plane, they found the occupants trying to open the cabin door. “We pulled the door open and rescued them one by one. One of the passengers was on a stretcher,” he said.
Airport officials said the air ambulance was forced to land after pilots said both engines of the aircraft failed. The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has initiated an inquiry into the incident.
The aircraft was ferrying 42-year-old patient Virender Rai, who had suffered a neurological stroke, to Medanta Medicity in Gurgaon from Patna.
Locals and Delhi Police rushed Rai, his daughter, Ruhi, son Bhagwan and a doctor, Rupesh, to Gurgaon. The crew — pilot Amit Kumar, co-pilot Rohit and technician Jung Bahadur — were taken to Rao Tula Ram Memorial Hospital.
Sources in the DGCA said the final investigation would be conducted by the Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau (AAIB), under the Ministry of Civil Aviation. In a tweet hours after the incident, Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju said, “I pray for early recovery of the injured. The causes of the accident shall be looked into.”
Minister of State for Civil Aviation Mahesh Sharma said DGCA officials visited the site to conduct a probe. “We received an emergency call from the pilot… They made a safe landing. The DGCA is looking into the incident,” said Sharma.
A Medanta spokesperson said the hospital was alerted soon after the emergency landing. “Police brought the patient and the relatives to the hospital. None of them had sustained injuries. The patient is admitted in the ICU and is on ventilator support. He is being looked after by a team of neurologists and critical care specialists,” he said.
The air ambulance is owned and run by Chandigarh-based Alchemist Airways and was purchased in 1989. The
company is owned by TMC MP K D Singh.
Airport responds
At 2.29 pm Tuesday, the air ambulance had asked the Air Traffic Control (ATC) permission for emergency landing, citing engine failure, said sources in the Indira Gandhi International Airport.
Advertising
“The ATC told the airport operator that the aircraft had lost contact 10 minutes after the first call. Emergency procedures were initiated and as per standard procedure, nearby hospitals were informed and emergency services called in,” said
the official.
Bernie Sanders seeks to broaden his appeal among voters of color ahead of imminent primaries in several Southern states. (Sean Rayford/Getty Images)
After 20 years, Bernie Sanders wants to put welfare back on the national agenda, seeing a chance to use his message of economic equality to undermine Hillary Clinton's base of support among black voters.
Primaries across the South over the next few days give him what might be the best chance he'll get. Hundreds of thousands of Southern families are living on less than $2 in cash a day as a result of legislation President Bill Clinton signed in 1996, according to new research by Johns Hopkins University's Kathryn Edin and University of Michigan's Luke Shaefer.
In South Carolina this week, ahead of that state's primary election on Saturday, Sanders brought up the 20-year-old law in a press conference. "What welfare reform did, in my view, was to go after some of the weakest and most vulnerable people in this country," he said on Wednesday, noting that Hillary Clinton, the former first lady and his rival for the Democratic presidential nomination, supported the legislation.
Young black voters represent an important constituency to Democratic presidential candidates. Growing support for Bernie Sanders has left many older voters, who favor Hillary Clinton, questioning the political judgement of the younger generation. (Dalton Bennett/The Washington Post)
Black voters will be crucial in the upcoming contests — 55 percent of Democratic primary voters in South Carolina in 2008 were black, according to exit polls — and black Democrats in other states have voted overwhelmingly for Clinton so far. Sanders's calls for economic transformation have not convinced this group of voters to support him, even though they're disproportionately likely to live in poverty. Sanders, however, is trying to build a case for their support by criticizing President Clinton's welfare reform policies, which he voted against.
"It's important. If people are going to elect a president, they want to know, 'What is the history?' " Sanders said the day before in an interview with The Washington Post.
[Study: Bernie Sanders's health plan is actually kind of a train wreck for the poor]
The profound and enduring consequences of that law, and of the rest of Clinton's policies on poverty, are only just becoming clear. It is a complicated legacy. Economists credit Clinton's decisions with reducing poverty overall and helping many people find work. Yet recent evidence suggests that financial conditions have worsened for those who could not find work — the poorest of the poor.
Some observers are sounding a note of concern.
"People who were able to find work, either because they live in places where work was available, or because they were better qualified than the average welfare recipient, have done pretty well." said Christopher Jencks, an expert on poverty at Harvard University. "People who can't find work are where they were before they had welfare at all. That's a big problem. People have no means of support for themselves or their children."
In 2004, Jencks was one of the authors of an article that declared, "Welfare reform is now widely viewed as one of the greatest successes of contemporary social policy."
"I was wrong," he said.
'A disgrace'
President Clinton's law required welfare recipients to participate in various work-related programs, such as vocational training, community service, and employment searches, in order to get financial help. States were free to determine the specific requirements, and they had broad authority over how the money dedicated to public assistance would be spent.
The reforms had broad public support, but the new system had cracks, and some people fell through them. Those who couldn't work for whatever reason were ineligible for any kind of assistance.
As a result, a certain kind of grave poverty has reappeared in the United States. Sanders said that the number of people living in extreme poverty has doubled under President Clinton's reforms. If anything, that was an understatement. Edin and Shaefer's research shows that the number of people living on $2 a day or less in cash has increased more than twofold, to 1.6 million households.
[Read more: What it's like to live on $2 a day in America]
"It's a disgrace," Edin said.
Getting an accurate estimate of the cash available to households that have so little is difficult, but the federal Survey of Income and Program Participation suggests that their numbers have steadily increased.
To some degree, expansions of other government assistance programs have mitigated the circumstances of families with little cash income. President Obama's health-care reform law, for instance, insured many people living in poverty or close to it through Medicaid. Congress has also made more people eligible to receive food stamps. Some families may be able to live in public housing.
Nonetheless, broader analyses of severe poverty that account for in-kind assistance besides cash also show a worsening situation for the neediest.
Going to work
While the poorest of the poor have suffered, other low-income Americans have benefited. Many experts think Clinton's policies reduced poverty overall.
In particular, Clinton expanded the Earned Income Tax Credit, greatly improving standards of living for many people in poverty.
"During President Clinton's time in office, the African American child poverty rate fell 25 percent, the unemployment rate was nearly cut in half, and the median income of African American families increased by more than 30 percent," Maya Harris, one of Hillary Clinton's senior advisers, said in a statement.
The improvement in black families' financial circumstances during the Clinton administration was in part due to a vigorous economy, but the tax credit helped substantially, Edin said.
The share of unmarried mothers with no more than a high-school diploma who were working at some point in a given year increased from a little more than half when Clinton took office to about three-quarters at the end of his tenure, according to an analysis by the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities.
Economists have attributed much of this increase to the tax credit.
Those women's wages and the additional cash they received in the form of tax refunds have made life much easier for many poor families, with lasting benefits for their children. A number of researchers have found that children in families that receive the credit do better on standardized tests in school and are more likely to attend college.
In other words, the tax credit can break the cycle of poverty — at least for the children of parents who are able to claim it by finding work.
Down and out in Dixie
For those Americans unable to work and who were ineligible for government assistance as a result, the effects were devastating. That has been clear in the South, which has the greatest poverty rate of any U.S. region.
Edin reported that about 4 in 10 households surviving on less than $2 in cash a day live in the South. The prevalence of extreme poverty there is partly a result of how state policymakers used the authority they gained under President Clinton's reform.
Clinton replaced traditional welfare with a new program called Temporary Assistance to Needy Families. In order to comply with the law, states either had to place a certain number of beneficiaries in training, job-placement or community service programs, or they had to stop issuing payments to those recipients. For many states, it was easier and cheaper to reduce the rolls.
[Are you a democratic socialist like Bernie Sanders? Take the quiz.]
State policymakers imposed strict requirements on would-be beneficiaries to discourage them from applying and making it difficult for recipients to remain in the program. For instance, many food banks directors and charitable organizations don't bother telling the poor to apply, Edin said.
As an example, the number of people receiving assistance has plummeted in Georgia, where voters cast ballots Tuesday. Using the authority they gained under Clinton's law, policymakers in Georgia virtually eliminated assistance for adults beginning in 2004. The number on the rolls declined by 93 percent over five years, according to official data. Only about a third of people who were leaving the program were finding work.
Today, applicants in Georgia must complete an onerous structured employment search before they can receive benefits. The search often involves spending 40 hours a week for several weeks looking for a job.
"You can't take three weeks," Edin said. "You've got to actually go scrounge for stuff so your kids don't starve."
Although people of color are disproportionately likely to be living on less than $2 a day, about half of people at that economic level are white nationwide. Extreme poverty is multiracial in the South, as well.
"You've got a lot — a lot — of really vulnerable whites in the Appalachian mountains," she said. "You've got a lot of really poor blacks everywhere from the Piedmont to the Lowcountry ... all the way over to Memphis and the Delta."
The voters decide
So far, at least, there is little indication that black voters are persuaded by Sanders's critique of Clinton in the South or elsewhere. Clinton is heavily favored to win in South Carolina. Exit polls suggest she won 76 percent of the black vote in Nevada's primary, a decisive margin in her victory over Sanders there last week.
One obstacle for Sanders could be the fact that President Clinton's reform was popular across race and class. Even the country's poorest people embrace the principle embodied in the legislation: that work is part of what it means to be an American.
A poll conducted by The Washington Post, the Kaiser Family Foundation and Harvard in 1995 found that 81 percent of Americans strongly felt that the welfare system should be reformed, including 73 percent of black respondents.
In another poll conducted by the Pew Research Center in 2002, about half of both black and white respondents agreed that the reform had improved the welfare system. Just 26 percent of black participants and 16 percent of white participants said the reform had worsened the system.
These favorable figures likely reflect the fact that Americans broadly agree on the importance of work.
Among households with less than $2 a day in income, 7 in 10 have an adult who has spent a month or more in the past year working in the formal sector, Edin said. Many of those positions are temporary. Some poor parents might find they can't hold down a job, given the responsibilities of caring for their families. That doesn't prevent them from trying.
"This is how deeply the poor, even the extreme poor, value work," she said. "They're trying to make work work."
More from Wonkblog:
Top Democratic economists just launched a brutal attack on Bernie Sanders
Sorry, Bernie Sanders. There is zero evidence of your 'political revolution' yet
Bernie Sanders is right: The top 0.1 percent have as much as the bottom 90 percent
TEL AVIV – During a radio interview with this reporter on Sunday, ex-Arkansas Gov. and former presidential candidate Mike Huckabee warned that if the conservative movement doesn't get behind Donald Trump, “What they are doing is they are just giving the most flawed Democratic candidate since George McGovern the White House.”
“This would be absurd,” added Huckabee.
Huckabee stated that he doesn't understand “some of the people in the party, conservative leaders, who feel like that, well, if they didn't get their guy, they are just going to quit. Well, maybe they will. But Donald Trump, like it or not, has brought people to the Republican party who have never been with us before.”
Huckabee scolded anti-Trump conservatives:
And rather than nitpick everything we don't like about Donald Trump, what we ought to do is say, “Thank you, Mr. Trump, for bringing people into the party, broadening the base and giving us the opportunity to take Hillary out.” Which I think he has the best opportunity to do. And I believe he will win.
Huckabee explained that despite losing to Trump, he will help the presumptive nominee defeat Clinton:
I'm a guy who spent a year of my life walking away from a wonderful living to go and campaign only to be defeated, just like everybody else, by Donald Trump. You know, I'm not going to take my ball and go home. I'm going to pick up the pieces and I'm going to go help Donald Trump defeat Hillary Clinton. Because I guarantee you, whatever decisions he makes, whether it's Supreme Court appointments, or whether it's the leadership in dealing with immigration policy or dealing with threats of ISIS or other radical Islamists, Donald Trump is going to be far better for us. I guarantee you Vladimir Putin isn't going to be flying fighter jets 30 feet above a U.S. destroyer if Donald Trump was in the White House. With Hillary, they'll do more than just fly by.
Huckabee was speaking in an interview set to air Sunday night on this reporter's weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio,” broadcast on New York's AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM in Philadelphia.
Huckabee was asked what advice he has to offer Trump.
He replied:
I would tell him to do what he has done so far. That's being himself. Don't allow himself to be suckered in to getting into the mold of the Washington politicians because the country is clearly rejecting politics as usual. They are rejecting the norm of what we have seen. … I hope Donald Trump doesn't feel like he has to make too many accommodations. The accommodations need to be made on the part of the party insiders in DC who still don't seem to understand that they are the problem.
Aaron Klein is Breitbart's Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio.” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.
15 November 2017 00:00, UTC
Yesterday, one tweet from Reuters has confirmed what many market analysts might have already foreseen: the decision of CME Group to work with Bitcoin has stimulated its rivals to pay more attention to this cryptocurrency as well. This is why, according to the report, the representatives of the hedge fund firm Man Group now tell they would add Bitcoin to their “investment universe” if CME succeeds.
CME Group CEO has announced the launch of Bitcoin futures at the second week of this December, so it will not be a very long time for Man Group to wait and decide if the business worth the risks. And, of course, the cryptocurrency market and the price of Bitcoin are going to grow during the launch time, because Man Group has five investment engines that manage $103.5 billion, and even without this firm, CME Group is, too, very powerful organization.
In the article that followed the tweet of the aforementioned outlet, the representative of Man Group is quoted as saying the following:
“Conceptually digital currencies are an interesting thing. It's not part of our investment universe today – it could be. If there is a CME future on bitcoin, it would be.”
“There is a big difference between a digital currency and a traditional currency...Traditional ones are supported by governments who have armies and tax men that can make people follow their rules, and digital ones don‘t, but that doesn't invalidate digital currencies at all.”
The representative was none other than the CEO of the company Luke Ellis, who spoke at the Reuters Global Investment Outlook Summit in London.
Found a mistake? Select the text and press CTRL+ENTER
Share:
Read the best crypto news analysis here! bitnewstoday.com Bitcoin, investments, regulation and other cryptocurrencies
Talk about a misery index. Soaring unemployment, corruption, crime and taxes. Home values in the dumper. Bad weather. Long commutes. And, if that wasn't enough, the home team can't win a game. These are among the 10 factors that Forbes magazine considered when looking for America's 20 most miserable cities
What did they find? Among other things, they discovered that the Golden State has lost a lot of glitter. Eight of the 20 most miserable cities are in California this year. You can see the whole list at Forbes, but here's the top 5 and what made them stand out as this year's most miserable places to call home.
1. Stockton: Housing prices down 67%; forclosures affecting almost 7% of homes; violent crime and unemployment rates among the 10 worst in the country.
2. Miami: With 404 government officials convicted of crimes, corruption was a deciding factor for Miami, which otherwise can brag about sun and a lack of state income taxes.
3. Merced: Unemployment 16.2%. Home prices down 64%.
4. Modesto: The auto theft capital of the nation, with 3,712 cars stolen in 2009 alone.
5. Sacramento: Like the rest of the state, people who live in Sacramento have to pay 9.55% of their income in taxes, while they grapple high crime and unemployment. But Sacramento also has the Kings, an NBA franchise that's lost almost three-quarters of its games.
More on MoneyWatch
Cost of Traffic: 10 Worst Cities
America's 10 Dirtiest Hotels
3 Ways to Spot Fake Reviews
4 Ways to Cut the Cost of Summer Camp
Creating A 'Dadbot' To Talk With A Dead Father
NPR's Lulu Garcia-Navarro talks with James Vlahos about his article in Wired. He wrote about creating a chatbot that allows him to "communicate" with his father who died of cancer.
LULU GARCIA-NAVARRO, HOST:
When James Vlahos' father was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer, he wondered if there would be a way to keep the essence of who his father was alive in case he died. Over several months, Vlahos spent hours and hours with his dad recording his life story. And then, after his dad passed away, Vlahos took all that material and put it into a software program that now lets him have actual conversations with his late father. James Vlahos wrote about his dadbot (ph) for the August issue of Wired magazine. And he joins us now from member station KUOW in Seattle.
Hi. Welcome.
JAMES VLAHOS: Thanks for having me.
GARCIA-NAVARRO: So when a loved one dies, we all kind of wish we could keep some part of them alive so we can turn to them for advice or comfort. Many people keep recordings or films. But this takes it a step further. How did you get this idea?
JAMES VLAHOS: I think it all started, weirdly enough, when I was working on an article about a quest to make an artificially intelligent Barbie. And I sort of shadowed the process as they created this AI interactive version of the doll. And the same company, to enable that, has made a program that lets basically someone like me, who does not have any kind of coding background, craft one of these interactive conversational characters. So it was really right around when we got my father's terrible diagnosis and had started just a conventional oral history project that it started to dawn on me that I could do something else as well, which was to create this bot.
GARCIA-NAVARRO: How does it work? How does the dadbot work?
JAMES VLAHOS: So step by step, first, I had all the recording sessions with my dad to just get a full, robust version of his life story. Then I sat down with the computer conversation program. And you essentially - you put in a little piece of dialogue that you want your bot to say. And after that...
GARCIA-NAVARRO: You had to type in all of your dad's possible answers?
JAMES VLAHOS: Yes. And then, you have the bot listen. And what it's listening for is all the ways that you can think of that that a user might react. And then based on what the person says, that takes you to the next part of the conversation. And you send him a message, and he sends you a message back.
GARCIA-NAVARRO: You weren't sure at first whether you should even do this, you wrote in the article. What made you decide to go ahead?
JAMES VLAHOS: Well, I guess, I got to a point where (laughter) - this sounds like a cop-out answer - but better than nothing. Like, we knew we were going to lose him. There was no saving my dad. And all of us in the family were sort of struggling with, how do we spend the last months that we have with him? How do we remember his story?
And it just seemed - you know, it seemed better than just having this giant binder full of his words that had been transcribed. That's good, too. But the ability to sort of have him, you know, tell me a story about when you were in college. What do you know about your mom when she was a little girl in Greece? To be able to ask a chatbot all of these things and get answers, it just - it started to seem more and more worthwhile.
GARCIA-NAVARRO: Can we hear a little bit of some of the recordings you made with your dad?
JAMES VLAHOS: Yeah. So right now, I'm pulling out my phone. I'm opening up Facebook Messenger, and I'll say...
(SOUNDBITE OF BEEP)
JAMES VLAHOS: ...Hello, dad. It's me. I'm back.
(SOUNDBITE OF BEEP)
JAMES VLAHOS: We'll wait for his reply. (Reading) Jamie (ph), I thought I smelled something suspicious in the air.
GARCIA-NAVARRO: (Laughter).
JAMES VLAHOS: Well, how are you doing?
(SOUNDBITE OF BEEP)
JAMES VLAHOS: I'm pretty busy right now, Dad.
(SOUNDBITE OF BEEP)
JAMES VLAHOS: And waiting for his message again.
(Reading) Life, I'm afraid, does not always allow you to take a breather. In my camp, in the words of the Greek poet, I am just swell.
(SOUNDBITE OF BEEP)
JAMES VLAHOS: Dad, please sing me a song.
(SOUNDBITE OF BEEP)
JAMES VLAHOS: OK, he says, go Bears.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
JOHN VLAHOS: (Singing) What will we do to the Stanfordites on that great day? We'll celebrate them on that night after we play. We now declare our hoodoo's gone. Victory is near. Hit them again, boys. Hit them again, boys, harder. Palms of victory, palms of glory, palms of victory we shall win for Cali-California! Palms of victory, palms of glory, palms of victory, we shall win - bum, bum (ph).
JAMES VLAHOS: He finishes his song, and he asks me, (reading) well, what is the verdict from the audience?
What do you think? Why don't you tell me what the verdict is?
GARCIA-NAVARRO: I think you captured something essential about your dad. You can hear his sense of humor, and you can hear his voice.
JAMES VLAHOS: He is a very - or was a very funny and delightful person on so many levels.
GARCIA-NAVARRO: Do you feel like you have kept that part of him alive?
JAMES VLAHOS: I think it's a success. You know, I'm not under any delusion that I've somehow created this, you know, robot version of my dad from science fiction. Like, my real dad is gone, and I and the family have to mourn that. But I have created something that shares nice memories of him and brings him to life, I hope, in little vivid ways.
GARCIA-NAVARRO: How often do you use your dadbot? How often do you talk to your dad?
JAMES VLAHOS: I mean, probably every week or so I'll have a little check in with it. And depending on my mood, you know, it can really - it can be kind of a - let me put it way, it'll bring a tear to my eye or a smile to my face. It's usually one of the two.
GARCIA-NAVARRO: James Vlahos, you can read his story, "Dadbot," at wired.com. First, I'm so sorry for your loss. And second, thank you so much for joining us and telling your story and your dad's story.
JAMES VLAHOS: I'm happy to share it with you.
(SOUNDBITE OF BEN SOLLEE'S "FINDING FAMILY")
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Following lengthy rounds of quiet negotiations, the Museum of Fine Arts has signed a memorandum of understanding with Tufts University to transfer the School of the Museum of Fine Arts to Tufts.
The agreement, which has been initially approved by both institutions' boards, would become effective June 30, paving the way for the art school's more than 700 students and roughly 145 faculty members to come under the Tufts banner.
Under the agreement, Tufts would assume operational responsibility for the school — including recruitment and admissions — but the buildings would remain under MFA ownership. The nearly 140-year-old school, which was founded at the same time as the MFA, would become known as the SMFA@Tufts.
Advertisement
“I think it will be more attractive to fine arts students,” said Tufts president Anthony P. Monaco. “The university can offer a lot more to them than the museum school standing on its own.”
Get The Weekender in your inbox: The Globe's top picks for what to see and do each weekend, in Boston and beyond. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
The director of the Museum of Fine Arts, Matthew Teitelbaum, said the decision to transfer the SMFA to Tufts was the best path forward for the school, which has struggled financially amid low enrollment numbers and a lack of full accreditation. (The school is a candidate for full accreditation from the New England Association of Schools and Colleges, which would confer upon it the authority to grant degrees. It is accredited by the National Association of Schools of Art and Design.)
“We'd done a strategic plan and came to the conclusion that the best place to position the students was in the context of a broad liberal arts education,” said Teitelbaum, who called the agreement “a big positive.”
“Artists needed and wanted to be part of a larger conversation,” he said, “and to have access to courses and skills that put their own art in a larger context.”
A partnership between Tufts and the SMFA goes back roughly 70 years. The university currently offers a dual degree program through the school, and the SMFA, which has recently sought full accreditation, relies on Tufts to award its degrees.
Advertisement
The new agreement would provide Tufts with the opportunity to acquire a highly developed arts program that Monaco said could be integrated into the school's administrative structure.
He added that it would enhance academic opportunities for all students, providing access to the MFA's collections and staff while making Tufts one of the few universities in the country to offer an arts program affiliated with a major museum.
“It's quite distinctive,” said Monaco. “There are going to be programmatic opportunities not only with the arts, but also with science and engineering.”
Founded in 1876, the SMFA was conceived as a crucial part of the MFA's mission to educate through the arts. Over the years, it has trained such artistic luminaries as Cy Twombly, Jim Dine, and Ellsworth Kelly.
More recently, however, as one of the few independent schools of art and design that remains unaccredited, it has faced mounting challenges, according to a 2012 strategic plan for the school. That plan, which argued that accreditation was an “essential precondition” to increasing enrollment and to the school's future viability, noted that the school has “weathered an extended period of financial fragility.”
Advertisement
“We were confronting, as many standalone art schools are confronting, a challenge in enrollment,” Teitelbaum said. “We didn't feel that it was fatal. The patient wasn't in critical condition. But we did feel that it was a smart thing to find a partner that could build back the enrollment numbers more quickly than we could.”
‘[T]he school is being received by an institution that will care for it. It's the best alternative among a number of outcomes.' Matthew Teitelbaum, Museum of Fine Arts director
Teitelbaum added that while the MFA had originally pursued accreditation on its own, both students and faculty had expressed an interest in being part of a larger academic institution.
“We realized that we could best achieve the accreditation through this new relationship,” he said. He added that when the MFA considered the challenges of trying to increase enrollment on its own, it was possible they'd find the institution was “not in balance.”
“It wouldn't have been worth the investment we would have had to make in the school, and that would have been a very sad moment,” he said. “That sad moment would have been the closing of the school, or the diminishing of scale of the school.”
Monaco said he was confident the SMFA would thrive under the Tufts umbrella.
“It will be much more attractive,” said Monaco, who added that the SMFA is likely to retain its relationships with other institutions, such as Northeastern University and the ProArts Consortium.
Teitelbaum added that along with the current agreement, the museum was also exploring new partnerships with other area institutions.
“The reality is that the MFA needs strong relationships with all the teaching institutions in our city and region,” Teitelbaum said. “It's also wonderful for us, because the school is being received by an institution that will care for it. It's the best alternative among a number of outcomes. It's the best outcome for artists.”
Clarification: An earlier version did not include details on the School of the Museum of Fine Arts' accreditation status.
Malcolm Gay can be reached at malcolm.gay@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @malcolmgay
The United States narrowly averted a nuclear disaster in 1961 after two atomic bombs fell from a B-52 bomber and came frighteningly close to detonating in North Carolina, newly-released documents reveal.
On January 24, 1961, two hydrogen bombs fell from a B-52 as it broke apart in the sky and hit the ground near the city of Goldsboro.
The Air Force bomber suffered a “failure of the right wing” and broke in half while flying over North Carolina, said documents revealed by the National Security Archive this week.
Dr. Strangelove, Or: H... Best Price: $1.90 Buy New $5.95 (as of 06:00 EST - Details) As the bombs were plunging toward the ground the parachute for one failed to deploy.
The weapon whose parachute opened landed intact but the second bomb landed in a “free fall” with the impact of the crash putting it in the “armed” setting. Fail-Safe Best Price: $4.43 Buy New $6.41 (as of 05:10 EST - Details)
Fortunately, a part of the bomb needed to initiate an explosion was damaged as it hit the ground. If the 4-megaton bomb had been detonated, a disaster worse than the devastation wrought in Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945 could have befallen the United States.
Each bomb was capable of generating explosions 260 times more powerful than the one that devastated Hiroshima.
The bombs the US dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki were 0.01 and 0.02 megatons respectively.
Eight crew members were aboard the B-52 and five survived the crash.
Reprinted from PressTV.
Gmail users will soon have more ways to keep up with their friends via a widget that shows quick status updates like Facebook and Twitter do, The Wall Street Journal reports.
The move would further turn Gmail, which revolutionized online e-mail, into a comprehensive communications hub. The intent is to keep people's attention centered on Google, by making Gmail, not Facebook, people's first stop online – and their default place to send and receive messages. Gmail users can already chat via Jabber or AIM, make video calls, and send SMS messages from Gmail's web interface.
As the Post reports:
Google has been trying to fashion Gmail into more than an e-mail service for years. The service currently lets users set an "away message," which can be a link to a Web page, that their friends see when they instant-message them. Now, it plans to launch a new interface that will aggregate updates from more friends in a stream. The new stream will also eventually include content that a user's connections share through its YouTube video site and Picasa photo service, according to one person familiar with the matter. But whether those features will also be announced in the coming days remains unclear.
The full extent of the new features remain unclear, but Google is inviting reporters to a launch event Tuesday on its Mountain View, California, campus promising "some innovations in two of our most popular products," according to an e-mail sent to reporters.
Yahoo has included similar features in its e-mail service, letting users see what photos their contacts have uploaded to Flickr, for example.
Google could integrate updates from a user's Twitter account, since most of that is public. And it could likely make it easy for Gmail users to post to Twitter as well, due to Twitter's liberal API policy.
Facebook, however, will not likely let its rival re-publish status updates, or allow users to publish to their Facebook pages through Gmail. Facebook, much like AOL and Compuserve back in the early '90s, is a controlled and sanitized version of the larger internet, but it relies on closed protocols.
via Google to Add Social Feature to Gmail - WSJ.com.
See Also:
Fans have been itching to see iconic competitor Dan Henderson back in the Octagon for more than a year, seeing his only 2012 tilt fall apart when “Hendo” suffered a knee injury in August while training for a crack at UFC light heavyweight champ Jon Jones. Though the 42-year old is expected to finally make his return to the ring in February against former title-holder Lyoto Machida, it turns out he's still shelved to a certain extent while continuing to recover.
“My knee is still not 100%…I've been training, but not at full steam. I think in a month I will be training and 100% focused for this fight,” revealed Henderson to TATAME when asked about his status, adding that despite his limitations he is “feeling good”.
When it comes to beating Machida, Henderson knows he'll need to be as sharp as ever if expecting to notch a victory. “The Dragon” is one of the division's most dangerous draws, possessing a unique style helping him score past wins against the likes of Rich Franklin, Randy Couture, Tito Ortiz, and Rashad Evans.
“I think this will be a very tough fight,” said Henderson, showing respect for his adversary. “Lyoto is an outstanding fighter, has many qualities, but hopefully I can do better.”
The two talented 205ers are expected to lock horns on February 23 at UFC 157.
PHOTO CREDIT – STRIKEFORCE/UFC
“You're traveling through another history, a history not only of sight and sound but of mind; a journey into a wondrous land whose boundaries are that of imagination. That's the signpost up ahead — your next stop, Alternate History X.”
Michael Roffman (MR): In 1996, Weezer followed up its 1994 self-titled debut with what many argue to be a far superior album: Pinkerton. Although it's now hailed as the band's crowning, emotional opus, the album initially fell way below expectations, both commercially and critically. I've always been baffled by this, considering that so much of the album pairs up with the blue tracks. Couple “Getchoo” and “Why Bother?” next to “My Name is Jonas” and “In the Garage” and you'd swear they were of the same kin. Of course, they were, but you get the point.
Regardless, what happened happened: The album was a disappointment upon release, sinking Rivers Cuomo into a weighty depression, which eventually led to bassist Matt Sharp's departure, and a weird, unnecessary schism between fans. But let's suppose none of that happened. What if Pinkerton became the immediate classic it is today? What would Weezer have been? What opportunities might they have missed? How would that success have affected Cuomo's songwriting for future albums? Do you think Sharp would have bailed?
Let's visit this alternate history, eh?
Justin Gerber (JG): There is little doubt that Cuomo's content, musically and lyrically, would have gone down a completely different trajectory. I don't believe there would have been such a lengthy break in between albums (five years passed between Pinkerton and “The Green Album”). Instead of retreating into a land of isolation, as Cuomo did post-Pinkerton, he would have been as prolific as as he was throughout aughts. He'd have felt encouraged by the reaction of the buying public, who would have embraced him for wearing his heart on his sleeve and going dark. Instead, “The Green Album” is what we received in 2001: a response to the rejection Cuomo received in the mid-‘90s. He was embarrassed by Pinkerton, which took too long to get the love it deserved.
Imagine if they went on that aforementioned prolific streak. Maybe Sharp would have stayed with the band, with a couple songs of his own featured on future Weezer records. It isn't unheard of, just look at “The Red Album”, which features a song from each member of the band (all were awful, but that topic's for another day). Cuomo was open to collaborating with Sharp, co-penning “My Head is in the Sun” on The Rentals' second LP. These are rather optimistic points of view, of course, which probably would have sacrificed some solid songs on future Weezer records in our present-and-very-real reality. What darker events may have transpired if Pinkerton was a hit, gentlemen?
Nick Freed (NF): I feel like Pinkerton‘s excellence does come from Cuomo's emotional openness. That's what made him most embarrassed about that album. He stated that it was like someone reading this personal journals over and over again. Had the album been better received upon release, he definitely wouldn't have been as embarrassed by the lyrical content. I agree, Mike, that the songs pair so well with Blue Album. Those songs you mentioned from that album are an insight into Cuomo's brains; although not as deep an insight as songs on Pinkerton. It was a shift for both Cuomo and the band toward a heavier, almost angry, sound. I feel like they would've kept going that way instead of just dropping any sort of edge and making the abysmal Green Album.
One positive thing that would've come would be, hopefully, less of a movement in the screamo world. Bands in that genre do name drop Pinkerton as a heavy influence on them, but with Weezer disappearing for five years, that music went uncheck. Cuomo and company could've kept producing emotional, slightly angry music with an upbeat vibe, and bands could've followed suit. Would this have influenced Warped Tour into a more dominant, less cringe worthy enterprise? I'm not sure, but I definitely think a post-Pinkerton album that sounded more like Pinkerton could've been a much-needed lightening up of the emo scene.
As far as Matt Sharp, I think he still would've eventually left. I think a post-Pinkerton popularity could've spawned a more popular rental. Cuomo would've kept on his moody track, and Sharp would've grown tired of the darkness and wanted something more “My Name is Jonas” or “Surf Wax America”.
MR: What about all the leftover content from the Pinkerton sessions? Songs from the Black Hole? I'd imagine upon the success, Cuomo would have dusted off a few of the demos there for whatever followup they would have aimed for. A part of me feels like they still would have waited awhile to follow-up Pinkerton, if only because it was such an emotional experience for Cuomo. However, I'm going to speculate that he wouldn't have gone the self-titled/colored route, as I feel “The Green Album” was titled and labeled as such to re-direct fans to what, at the time, many considered to be their “glory day.”
Nick, I think the screamo angle fits in with Justin addressing the darker elements to come from Pinkerton's success. Could you imagine the screamo movement happening earlier? I mean, there's little to really connect the album's influence with that scene, save for quotes and comments from various artists, but if it had been directly inspirational… well, the late '90s might have been a tad different. Personally, I don't think that's a bad thing. Out of all the mainstream releases at the time, Pinkerton comes off looking like a rarity. It's the one album that didn't pander to its fans with soggy lyrics and polished sounds.
I guess I just find it hard to find too many negatives with an early success for this LP. Given Weezer's unfortunate track record post-Pinkerton — and yes, I still love “The Green Album”, Maladroit, and parts of Make Believe, “The Red Album”, Raditude, and Hurley — there's reason to believe Cuomo shied away from discussing too much of himself and played more of a fictional songwriter. Take the song “Pork and Beans”, for instance. “The Red Album” single is awash in dated references and feels so “in the moment” that it's pretty useless half a decade later. And yet, any song off Pinkerton rings bright and honest today.
I think any early success would have nixed that, almost proving to Cuomo that true songwriting can exist in a mainstream platform. I guess that's the real problem, though. Cuomo started in the spotlight and just couldn't handle not being there, and that showmanship is something that's, admittedly, plagued their live shows over the last decade.
NF: Yeah that's what I'm saying…I think. Pinkerton didn't pander, it was raw, it was rough. We wouldn't have had, god I hope we wouldn't have had, bands like Fall Out Boy and Panic! at the Disco writing lyrics that were oh-so-fucking-clever. I definitely agree that it would've helped Cuomo cement the idea of a celebrated, true songwriter.
I don't know that I can find too many negatives, either. I kind of view those post-Pinkerton albums as so incredibly dated. I felt like they were within months of their release. Cuomo became so burned by the Pinkerton release, that he just gave up and started writing hooks under nonsense. Success would've helped him avoid that burn out, at least a little I think. Then maybe we could've finally seen a damn Weezer live show where the band moved on stage.
JG: I nearly forgot this: With all the imagined-success in a post-Pinkerton universe, Cuomo likely wouldn't have had time to attend Harvard. Who are we to deny a man his education, imagined or otherwise?!
MR: Not only Harvard, but one has to imagine his marriage wouldn't have happened so soon, right?
JG: These twists and turns mirror that of Philip Roth's The Plot Against America, trading out Lindbergh winning the 1940 election with Cuomo's marriage and education, of course.
View Slideshow CUPERTINO, California – Apple has introduced a new digital music device called the iPod that can store 1,000 songs and copy a CD in 10 seconds. About the size of a pack of cards, the 6.5 ounce portable device is based on a 5-gigabyte hard drive. It syncs automatically with Apple's iTunes software via a speedy FireWire connection, allowing consumers to have a jukebox full of songs at their fingertips.
Unveiled on Tuesday by Apple's CEO Steve Jobs at a special event at Apple's campus in Cupertino, California, the diminutive player allows consumers to download their music into the tiny system in less than 10 minutes.
"It's never been this fast or this easy before," Jobs told assembled reporters.
The iPod is expected to hit Apple's online store and the company's retail outlets on Nov. 10. It will cost $399.
For all Jobs' excitement, though, Apple users at Mac discussion sites seemed a bit crestfallen that the device wasn't as revolutionary as the company had promised last week.
Indeed, many said it was over-priced and under-powered.
"Apple has introduced a product that's neither revolutionary nor breakthrough, and they've priced it so high that it's reminiscent of the Cube," a post on MacSlash said.
The message then offered some ideas for what "iPod" might stand for. These won't make Jobs happy: "I Pretend it's an Original Device," it suggested, or "idiots Price Our Devices."
Others offered "I'd Prefer Owning Discs!" and "I Prefer Other Devices." There were some people who liked it, of course ("Impressive Piece of Design") but it was stunning how many seemed at least indifferent to the new toy.
Jobs showed a video of several musicians trumpeting the wonders of the iPod, including Moby and Seal.
"With this MP3 player, I held it and 45 seconds later I knew how to use it," said Moby.
The device has an unusual circular scroll-wheel that lets users search through their music library by playlist, artist, or genre.
The iPod can also be used as a portable storage device for non-music files. It will allow Apple users to transfer files from one Mac to another, for example.
The iPod comes with a pair of high-quality earbuds. It features a rechargeable battery, which automatically tops up when the device is connected to a Mac, via power through the FireWire cable. It supports a variety of compression formats, including MP3, variable bit rate, and Wav.
The device will only work with Macintosh computers. However, Jobs hinted that the company is looking into making the iPod compatible with Windows, although that will be after the current holiday season.
The iPod was praised for its ability to liberate digital music collections from the PC.
"So many people have so much content on their PC that they are just dying to take it away from there," said Lee Black, Webnoize's director of research, in an interview last week. "You don't want your PC to be your main entertainment center."
Apple also released a new version of iTunes. Version 2, which adds an equalizer and the ability to burn MP3s to CD, will be available as a free download in November.
And the company said that a second version of its DVD-making software, iDVD 2, will be available for download next week.
Apple hailed Tuesday's announcement as "the unveiling of a breakthrough digital device." However, there are plenty of other digital music players on the market, many of them for a fraction of the price.
Creative's latest version of the Nomad Jukebox, called the 20GB, allows people to store 340 hours worth of music. It has a 20 GByte drive and also costs $399.
But Jobs said this device is a breakthrough for its size and ease-of-use, and because the FireWire connection is 30 times faster than the USB connection used by other MP3 players.
"I think this blows them away," he said.
Apple's New Toy: Portable Music
OK Mac, What's So Special Now?
There Goes Jobs' Neighborhood
Discuss this story on Plastic.com
Give Yourself Some Business News
Give Yourself Some Business News
VANCOUVER — The Canadian Medical Association and the federal government apply a far more rigid standard to prescribing marijuana than other drugs, resulting in negative — or even deadly — consequences, say experts from the B.C. Centre for Excellence in HIV/AIDS. Medical marijuana is held to a different standard than other prescription drugs despite research suggesting it has therapeutic benefits, say three experts from the centre in a commentary published Friday in the Journal of the Canadian Public Health Association.
Medical marijuana plants being grown in Illinois. The Canadian Medical Association and the federal government apply a far more rigid standard to prescribing marijuana than other drugs, according to some experts. ( Seth Perlman / AP )
“When it comes to prescription marijuana, patients' needs should be considered above political considerations,” Dr. Julio Montaner, one of the authors, said in a news release. “There could be great harm in ignoring the medical uses of marijuana.” The government and the CMA are being overly cautious, co-author Dr. Thomas Kerr said in an interview. “This is just not how we deliver medical care and why we're doing it in the case of cannabis is beyond me,” he said.
Article Continued Below
Several recent studies have shown prescription cannabis can have therapeutic benefits, but the CMA and others have failed to acknowledge the research, resulting in a position that isn't based on evidence, Kerr's commentary said. Other studies have shown prescribing cannabis may lead to a reduction in overdoses and deaths associated with prescription opioid. “This can't be taken too lightly because Canada, like the U.S., is in the midst of an epidemic of prescription opioid abuse and related overdose deaths,” Kerr said. While marijuana is not associated with an elevated risk of mortality, prescription opioids contribute to nearly half of all overdose deaths — a leading cause of accident related mortality, the article points out. Under Canada's current medical marijuana laws, patients must obtain prescription cannabis from federally licensed producers, generally through the mail. There are currently 26 licensed producers listed on Health Canada's website.
The idea of sending prescription drugs through the mail is odd, Kerr said. “We would never do that in the case of treating someone with diabetes,” he said. “Really, people should have access to experts who can counsel them on appropriate dosing, potential side effects and their management and who can also provide other options and clinical followup.”
Article Continued Below
The caution towards cannabis comes because it is illegal and because the federal government “has been making up the science on the fly,” Kerr said, pointing to the example of Stephen Harper saying that marijuana is “infinitely worse” than tobacco. “It's unfortunate that the federal government has really failed to deliver an effective medical-cannabis program and it's unfortunate that they've also misrepresented the science in this area,” he said. Kerr said government and other interested agencies should consider implementing a system where cannabis is legalized, and both medical and recreational use are regulated using evidence-based discussions and approaches. Kerr is co-director of the B.C. Centre for Excellence in HIV/AIDS's Urban Health Research Initiative. His co-authors are Montaner, director of the centre, and Stephanie Lake, a research assistant at the centre.
“Only Thing We Have to Fear Is Fear Itself”: FDR's First Inaugural Address
Franklin D. Roosevelt had campaigned against Herbert Hoover in the 1932 presidential election by saying as little as possible about what he might do if elected. Through even the closest working relationships, none of the president-elect's most intimate associates felt they knew him well, with the exception perhaps of his wife, Eleanor. The affable, witty Roosevelt used his great personal charm to keep most people at a distance. In campaign speeches, he favored a buoyant, optimistic, gently paternal tone spiced with humor. But his first inaugural address took on an unusually solemn, religious quality. And for good reason—by 1933 the depression had reached its depth. Roosevelt's first inaugural address outlined in broad terms how he hoped to govern and reminded Americans that the nation's “common difficulties” concerned “only material things.”
Please note that the audio is an excerpt from the full address.
Your browser is unable to play the audio element. Try updating to the latest version of your browser.
Listen to Audio:
I am certain that my fellow Americans expect that on my induction into the Presidency I will address them with a candor and a decision which the present situation of our people impel. This is preeminently the time to speak the truth, the whole truth, frankly and boldly. Nor need we shrink from honestly facing conditions in our country today. This great Nation will endure as it has endured, will revive and will prosper. So, first of all, let me assert my firm belief that the only thing we have to fear is fear itself—nameless, unreasoning, unjustified terror which paralyzes needed efforts to convert retreat into advance. In every dark hour of our national life a leadership of frankness and vigor has met with that understanding and support of the people themselves which is essential to victory. I am convinced that you will again give that support to leadership in these critical days.
In such a spirit on my part and on yours we face our common difficulties. They concern, thank God, only material things. Values have shrunken to fantastic levels; taxes have risen; our ability to pay has fallen; government of all kinds is faced by serious curtailment of income; the means of exchange are frozen in the currents of trade; the withered leaves of industrial enterprise lie on every side; farmers find no markets for their produce; the savings of many years in thousands of families are gone.
More important, a host of unemployed citizens face the grim problem of existence, and an equally great number toil with little return. Only a foolish optimist can deny the dark realities of the moment.
Yet our distress comes from no failure of substance. We are stricken by no plague of locusts. Compared with the perils which our forefathers conquered because they believed and were not afraid, we have still much to be thankful for. Nature still offers her bounty and human efforts have multiplied it. Plenty is at our doorstep, but a generous use of it languishes in the very sight of the supply. Primarily this is because the rulers of the exchange of mankind's goods have failed, through their own stubbornness and their own incompetence, have admitted their failure, and abdicated. Practices of the unscrupulous money changers stand indicted in the court of public opinion, rejected by the hearts and minds of men.
True they have tried, but their efforts have been cast in the pattern of an outworn tradition. Faced by failure of credit they have proposed only the lending of more money. Stripped of the lure of profit by which to induce our people to follow their false leadership, they have resorted to exhortations, pleading tearfully for restored confidence. They know only the rules of a generation of self-seekers. They have no vision, and when there is no vision the people perish.
The money changers have fled from their high seats in the temple of our civilization. We may now restore that temple to the ancient truths. The measure of the restoration lies in the extent to which we apply social values more noble than mere monetary profit.
Happiness lies not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort. The joy and moral stimulation of work no longer must be forgotten in the mad chase of evanescent profits. These dark days will be worth all they cost us if they teach us that our true destiny is not to be ministered unto but to minister to ourselves and to our fellow men.
Recognition of the falsity of material wealth as the standard of success goes hand in hand with the abandonment of the false belief that public office and high political position are to be valued only by the standards of pride of place and personal profit; and there must be an end to a conduct in banking and in business which too often has given to a sacred trust the likeness of callous and selfish wrongdoing. Small wonder that confidence languishes, for it thrives only on honesty, on honor, on the sacredness of obligations, on faithful protection, on unselfish performance; without them it cannot live.
Restoration calls, however, not for changes in ethics alone. This Nation asks for action, and action now.
Our greatest primary task is to put people to work. This is no unsolvable problem if we face it wisely and courageously. It can be accomplished in part by direct recruiting by the Government itself, treating the task as we would treat the emergency of a war, but at the same time, through this employment, accomplishing greatly needed projects to stimulate and reorganize the use of our natural resources.
Hand in hand with this we must frankly recognize the overbalance of population in our industrial centers and, by engaging on a national scale in a redistribution, endeavor to provide a better use of the land for those best fitted for the land. The task can be helped by definite efforts to raise the values of agricultural products and with this the power to purchase the output of our cities. It can be helped by preventing realistically the tragedy of the growing loss through foreclosure of our small homes and our farms. It can be helped by insistence that the Federal, State, and local governments act forthwith on the demand that their cost be drastically reduced. It can be helped by the unifying of relief activities which today are often scattered, uneconomical, and unequal. It can be helped by national planning for and supervision of all forms of transportation and of communications and other utilities which have a definitely public character. There are many ways in which it can be helped, but it can never be helped merely by talking about it. We must act and act quickly.
Finally, in our progress toward a resumption of work we require two safeguards against a return of the evils of the old order; there must be a strict supervision of all banking and credits and investments; there must be an end to speculation with other people's money, and there must be provision for an adequate but sound currency.
There are the lines of attack. I shall presently urge upon a new Congress in special session detailed measures for their fulfillment, and I shall seek the immediate assistance of the several States.
Through this program of action we address ourselves to putting our own national house in order and making income balance outgo. Our international trade relations, though vastly important, are in point of time and necessity secondary to the establishment of a sound national economy. I favor as a practical policy the putting of first things first. I shall spare no effort to restore world trade by international economic readjustment, but the emergency at home cannot wait on that accomplishment.
The basic thought that guides these specific means of national recovery is not narrowly nationalistic. It is the insistence, as a first consideration, upon the interdependence of the various elements in all parts of the United States—a recognition of the old and permanently important manifestation of the American spirit of the pioneer. It is the way to recovery. It is the immediate way. It is the strongest assurance that the recovery will endure.
In the field of world policy I would dedicate this Nation to the policy of the good neighbor—the neighbor who resolutely respects himself and, because he does so, respects the rights of others—the neighbor who respects his obligations and respects the sanctity of his agreements in and with a world of neighbors.
If I read the temper of our people correctly, we now realize as we have never realized before our interdependence on each other; that we can not merely take but we must give as well; that if we are to go forward, we must move as a trained and loyal army willing to sacrifice for the good of a common discipline, because without such discipline no progress is made, no leadership becomes effective. We are, I know, ready and willing to submit our lives and property to such discipline, because it makes possible a leadership which aims at a larger good. This I propose to offer, pledging that the larger purposes will bind upon us all as a sacred obligation with a unity of duty hitherto evoked only in time of armed strife.
With this pledge taken, I assume unhesitatingly the leadership of this great army of our people dedicated to a disciplined attack upon our common problems.
Action in this image and to this end is feasible under the form of government which we have inherited from our ancestors. Our Constitution is so simple and practical that it is possible always to meet extraordinary needs by changes in emphasis and arrangement without loss of essential form. That is why our constitutional system has proved itself the most superbly enduring political mechanism the modern world has produced. It has met every stress of vast expansion of territory, of foreign wars, of bitter internal strife, of world relations.
It is to be hoped that the normal balance of executive and legislative authority may be wholly adequate to meet the unprecedented task before us. But it may be that an unprecedented demand and need for undelayed action may call for temporary departure from that normal balance of public procedure.
I am prepared under my constitutional duty to recommend the measures that a stricken nation in the midst of a stricken world may require. These measures, or such other measures as the Congress may build out of its experience and wisdom, I shall seek, within my constitutional authority, to bring to speedy adoption.
But in the event that the Congress shall fail to take one of these two courses, and in the event that the national emergency is still critical, I shall not evade the clear course of duty that will then confront me. I shall ask the Congress for the one remaining instrument to meet the crisis—broad Executive power to wage a war against the emergency, as great as the power that would be given to me if we were in fact invaded by a foreign foe.
For the trust reposed in me I will return the courage and the devotion that befit the time. I can do no less.
We face the arduous days that lie before us in the warm courage of the national unity; with the clear consciousness of seeking old and precious moral values; with the clean satisfaction that comes from the stern performance of duty by old and young alike. We aim at the assurance of a rounded and permanent national life.
We do not distrust the future of essential democracy. The people of the United States have not failed. In their need they have registered a mandate that they want direct, vigorous action. They have asked for discipline and direction under leadership. They have made me the present instrument of their wishes. In the spirit of the gift I take it.
In this dedication of a Nation we humbly ask the blessing of God. May He protect each and every one of us. May He guide me in the days to come.
Source: Franklin D. Roosevelt, Inaugural Address, March 4, 1933, as published in Samuel Rosenman, ed., The Public Papers of Franklin D. Roosevelt, Volume Two: The Year of Crisis, 1933 (New York: Random House, 1938), 11–16.
So, to start this off, do you want to tell me a little bit about yourself or your experience with mental health?
I'm in 3A Chemical Engineering. I've become more involved in talking about mental health and more aware of it. When I first came to Waterloo, I realized there was a lot of people raising awareness and trying to end the stigma surrounding mental health, but my involvement was just on the surface, I wasn't really digging deep into the cause.
I'd say I dealt with a bunch of stuff in high school, but it wasn't as severe. In university I dealt with a few heavier issues, especially during co-op. When I worked a co-op in Dubai after 2A, I was basically on my own; there were no students in the company, and I didn't really have an idea of what I wanted out of the job. I arranged the job myself so the company had never dealt with a student intern before, it was all very new to them. Dubai as a city was also very new to me despite being born there, and living there for three months of my life as a baby. It was definitely a different environment — huge skyscrapers, fast cars — it was such a busy and impersonal city.
I struggled with not having the strong support system that I have at university and back home, so I began to feel a bit too anxious about my health, and experienced a lot of intrusive thoughts. I'd notice a little skin tag on my finger that I never noticed and start thinking I might have skin cancer or something like that. I didn't have anyone else around to sort of negate or counter thoughts like that.
I later thought I was going crazy because two years ago in Waterloo, I lived with someone dealing with hallucinations. I thought to myself, “they smoked weed. I smoked weed. What if I develop their symptoms?” When I started working in Dubai, I had just quit weed, not because I wanted to but because it was illegal at the time. I guess the withdrawal kind of surfaced the anxiety for me. There were times where I was afraid to go out and be around places with a lot of noise or a lot of stimulus. It would just get to me and I would think I was hearing things when I was not. Like someone would move their cup on the counter and I would think I heard a whisper to me or something. It was a pretty bad couple of months.
When I came back to Waterloo, I was already stressed out. I just wanted to take school slow and didn't want to do that much work. And that's when I fell into depression. I wouldn't go to classes, I would sleep in most days. I didn't put enough effort into assignments. I would kind of leech off of my little study group. I think most of the depression had to do with feeling a sudden surge of homesickness, coming from Lebanon. I'd like to think that I got better after taking an eight month co-op in Alberta and unwinding from school. But it's getting to the point where there's too much unwinding, and where I need to get my act together. I've gotten a bit more involved in things outside of academics than I have been last year. I joined an a cappella group and am also visiting Toronto a lot.
Are you finding that getting involved is helping you?
Well, back in first year, when I was involved in a lot of clubs, I used to be more proactive and got assignments done ahead of time to make room for extracurriculars. Right now, I'm sort of struggling to get back into that because it feels like doing extra work to stay on top of things. At times, I just want to chill at home, watch a movie or something.
Yesterday was pretty bad for me. I was dealing with a few relationship problems, which prompted me to go see a counsellor again. I realized that that event kind of spiraled down into me having thoughts of self-doubt and sadness. Like, “oh I'm not getting a job, it's because I didn't get a good evaluation, because I didn't put enough work into the role”. And then the homesickness resurfaced. It definitely was an emotional day for me.
So you said you're working with counselling? Is that counselling services on campus?
Yeah, I will be. I just booked an appointment. I went to some counselors on campus last year too. One of them was a counsellor at Health Services, and I thought I was making some progress with them, but after the second appointment, they had to reschedule twice and it seemed like none of the dates were working out for me. So then I booked an appointment with a counselor at the Engineering Office. I guess I was kind of disappointed because it took a long time. I think booking appointments has gotten better this term. Since I made time to visit the Engineering Office a bit earlier in the term, I got an appointment within a week, which is pretty good.
One thing I want to mention about my previous counsellor from Health Services, is that I feel like they might not have been the right fit for me. When I saw someone at the Engineering Office afterwards, it felt like my mood improved a lot. Not every counsellor is the same, and it might take some time to find the right one, but it's worth the journey.
It sounds like a lot of what helped you to be successful through your early years here is that you had a really strong support network at the school.
I had many floormates in V1 who helped out a lot. I guess that's sort of why I didn't do so well last year. I was living with people who weren't in my program or from V1. They were a group of friends who were subletting from my past roommates, all in a world of their own. If I knew them before they moved in I think I would have put in more effort to hang out with them and might not have felt so lonely.
Right now I'm living with people in my class whom I've known since first year, so it's going much better for me.
Do you have any advice for how people can support you? Like how you would want your friends to help you through whatever you're going through at the time?
I guess people should always check up on someone, especially if they seem like they've been dealing with a lot. Obviously, it's up to the person's discretion on how much they want to talk about what they're going through. But it's important that friends ask how you're doing, just to make sure you know that you're supported. It's reassuring to know that there are people looking out for you and that you're not alone.
Other than that, I make very irrational decisions sometimes, and that can frustrate a lot of people. I'm not trying to tell people to be okay with my — or your friend's — irrational decisions and keep letting them happen, but definitely take the time to talk with your friend about these issues and see how they can better solve them. Just don't lash out I guess, especially towards someone who's been dealing with mental health issues.
Do you have advice for people who don't know as much about mental health or are looking to get more involved with mental health on campus?
Definitely look into the organization Stand Up To Stigma. There's also another lesser known group called UW Burst Your Bubble. Some groups on campus even focus on how to deal with university-induced stress more than your own personal mental health, if you're looking into that.
You could also look into the EngSoc Mental Health blog (hehe), and talk about mental health more. Just ask around. Work towards breaking the stigma, so mental health is as easy to talk about as the weather.
MATES is also a Feds group that offers peer counselling to UW students, and they're always looking for volunteers, especially Engineering students as I've recently learned.
Thinking back, do you have any advice you'd give to your first-year self? Or to any first year dealing with mental health issues.
Definitely give yourself some me time rather than just locking yourself up in your room to work on assignments. There comes a point where your mental health matters more than that bonus problem or that final assignment question or the tiny detail you need to add to your report. If you feel like you're going to break, you need to set some time aside for yourself to relax. And it can be anything; people relax by watching TV episodes, or have a cup of tea and breathe deeply, or take a walk.
Back in Dubai, I picked up mindfulness meditation and I think it helped me break out of those anxious loops of thought by reminding me to stay grounded and focus on my breathing. There was also an online program I used called MoodGYM made by university students at ANU, an Australian university. It introduced you to the basics of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT). Like MATES, it definitely wasn't a replacement for actually seeing a counsellor who is professionally trained and can tailor CBT to your needs, but it helped me with unwarping my thoughts and breaking out of negative thought patterns.
I also wish I didn't only commit to meditation and MoodGYM at extreme situations. I wish I looked at developing these habits ahead of time, when I was feeling fine. Look into things, even when you're not feeling bad. For example, I often wait to act until there is an extreme situation. Like if I realize I'm in bad shape, I go to the gym for a few weeks, then quit when I feel fine and am totally cool with my progress so far. And then I won't go back until I feel bad about my health again. I feel like some people are also like that. We go into phases where we develop a habit and then don't keep up with that habit. For something like meditation, it's not a lot of time out of your day; maybe ten to twenty minutes. For other things, you can just schedule in an hour of your time during the day to relax. It's important to not get carried away by the busy pace of university. It's important to give yourself time to wind down.
Are there any last things you'd like to share?
I'd like people to reach out to their peers to see how they're feeling. Everyone feels stressed here. I think being a bit more honest when answering questions like “how's it going?” or “how's your day?” also helps bring out the underlying issues. Sometimes, people don't think their issues are a big deal but they can eventually snowball into bigger problems. I remember reading an article from To Write Love on Her Arms, a non-profit organization that raises awareness on things like depression, self-harm, suicidal thoughts. The article had a quote that resonated with me, “the first lie depression told me was that I did not have depression.” I think it's important to take a look at yourself, think about how you're feeling, and check that everything really is okay or what you want it to be.
So to end it off on a bit of a lighter note, what's something you're looking forwards to?
Well, I'm falling behind on a cartoon show I watch, called Adventure Time. So once I finish my assignment, I'll probably binge watch that. It's not much time spent since each episode is about ten minutes long. I'm also definitely hanging out with my roommates once we're all done with the assignment. It's been a while since we've actually hung out. So I think it'll be good to do that.
A team of scientists announced Thursday they have discovered a new way the brain learns and stores information that may explain why people remember one-time events or new places.
What's new: For almost a half-century scientists have understood memories as being formed by neural connections that are strengthened by short repetitive stimulations, called the Hebbian rule. In the new study, researchers found a new method of learning (called BTSP) where memories can form in part of the brain over a longer time (seconds vs milliseconds) and without repetition.
Why this is important: It offers scientists a new way of looking at memory and could eventually inform our understanding of memory disorders. Julija Krupic, who published a perspective on this study in Science, wrote: "The authors have identified an intriguing new phenomenon...which eventually will tell us how we learn and remember new places and events that happen there."
Good evening,
I hope this post finds you snug, don't be afraid to read further. But be prepared, Roenne is not your typical little girl…
As the only daughter and heir to the Aristocratic and Aquinian Leofric family, Roenne's life has been overshadowed by tragedy. Gaining her powers after the forges ignited, manifesting into the powers you read about in her pre-release.
Last week we released the lore teaser “In Leofric Manor”, setting the scene for this scary burst mage. Roenne is our first Forger where it really pays to be patient. You're going to have to wait for that opportune moment to strike out and make your enemies shy away in fear.
Meet the Phantom, Roenne Leofric:
Roenne is intended to be an archetypical burst mage with a heavy mechanical focus on opportunism. Her kit strongly rewards waiting patiently for the right time to strike, while still granting bonuses if you choose to pull the trigger earlier than the last second.
We expect Roenne to be played primarily as a Harrier or a laning Saboteur (check out our roles post for more insight). Her kit works quite well for consistent harass in lane due to her having a ranged point and click damage ability. The cooldown on the harass reward for Harriers is another incentive to hold off and let her abilities empower.
As a saboteur, the time spent roaming to other lanes helps her build up her potential damage to have devastating effect during her ganks. However, this feature may also allow Roenne players that can manage their abilities effectively to jungle as a Poacher or a Saboteur, as the root on her Q combined with the increased damage on her E will allow her to safely kite camps while dealing with them relatively quickly.
Passive: Monstrous Acquaintance
Roenne's Basic Abilities become empowered while not on cooldown, becoming infused with the shadows. This increases their damage based on how long they were off cooldown, up to a maximum length equal to the cooldown of the ability.
This ability ties Roenne's kit together. While Roenne will have decent damage if she's casting her abilities off cooldown, she'll have a much higher potential damage ceiling than other characters at the start of a fight if she's allowed time to set up.
Q: Tormenting Apparition
Roenne lashes out with shadow in the targeted direction that deals magic damage to all enemies that it passes through and roots the first enemy Forger or Large Monster hit for a brief duration.
The root's duration is increased against enemy Forgers with no nearby allied Forgers or structures, and against Large Monsters.
Tormenting Apparition will be useful for clearing waves of minions if the player is choosing to go that route. It also provides Roenne with the only consistent utility in her kit, so she's quite vulnerable to being jumped on while it's down. The root will be quite short – primarily existing to cancel out mobility of enemies she hits, rather than focusing on holding the enemies in place – if Roenne doesn't hit it on an isolated enemy, which further constricts her potential utility. A major design goal of her Q is to provide her with some un-gated crowd control to combine with her E.
W: Under the Bed
Roenne slips into the void by fading into a cloud of shadows over a very short duration, then reappearing at the targeted location, dealing magic damage to targets in the area when she appears at the new target location.
Roenne will not teleport if she is not within the cloud at the end of its duration or if she is crippled, silenced, or otherwise immobilized.
When overcharged by at least a certain percentage, this ability fears enemies in the targeted location.
This is one of the more complex abilities that we have in the initial set of characters, and this is because we want it to have a fair amount of counterplay. Roenne may occasionally be able to use this to escape fights against other low utility characters, but more often than not, if she's using this to try to get away from the enemy team, they should be able to prevent her from teleporting when the duration of the cloud ends.
Part of the goal of this ability is also to give Roenne some potential mind games. The damage – and fear – will still trigger in the area that she targets, even if she doesn't teleport at the end of the ability, so she can set up multiple angles to attack from against enemies, especially if they don't have vision on her when she initially casts this. This will help her very effectively gank enemy lanes, but due to its design won't help her escape ganks very effectively.
E: Rending Shadows
Roenne blasts a target enemy with magic, dealing magic damage to the target. This ability deal increased damage against rooted or fully disabled enemies.
If the ability is overcharged by at least a certain percentage, the targeted enemy has all CC applied to them increased in duration by a percentage of the remaining duration.
The secondary effect on this ability is experimental so it may not end up being included in the final version of the kit. We wanted to give Roenne a heavy focus on opportunism, which meant needing to give her a reason to use her abilities even if they weren't fully charged by her passive. By granting her a potential increase in damage, she can choose to fire early while still getting a lot out of her rotation.
The secondary effect is intended to hit the other angle that the rest of her kit is aiming for – rewarding you heavily for waiting to cast the ability until absolutely necessary. This may end up being a bit too powerful when combined with other characters' crowd control, however, so we'll be keeping an eye on it in testing.
R: Phantasmal Edict
Roenne attempts to bind an enemy's shadow, firing a tendril in target direction. Upon hitting an enemy Forger, it deals magic damage and pulls the enemy's shadow towards Roenne. The forger is slowed by a percentage for a short amount of time.
Roenne can attack and target the shadow transferring a percentage of the damage dealt and any status effects to the target. The shadow slowly drifts toward the forgers current location, ending the effect when the two meet or if the target moves too far away.
Finally, Roenne's ultimate is as much about the fact that the player gets a free target as it is about the initial damage she deals with the ability. Hitting this ultimate will provide a huge swing in team fights, as it means that a well prepared Roenne will be able to dump her rotation on the shadow without needing to make considerations for the abilities being dodged. While her allies won't be able to target the shadow, since that would be more of a supportive ability, they will still be able to make use of the fact that Roenne can more effectively guarantee CC on the target by passing it through their shadow.
Patience pays off
It's been a tough few months with team o7. We hope that you enjoy reading about Roenne and are looking forward to her Lore piece being released shortly. I'm impressed with just how much we've pulled together to finalise Roenne and everyone on the team should be proud of showing off.
I hope to see you all tomorrow for the stream, I'd love to hear how people are planning on playing our Phantom.
Yours,
Duncan “Dink_Dunk” Duguid
See you at the forges, soon.
Advertisements
In the early 1800s gentlemen who felt they had been offended or insulted resorted to issuing a challenge to a duel, and the result could be gunfire in a rather formal setting.
The object of a duel was not necessarily to kill or even wound one's opponent. Duels were all about honor and demonstrating one's bravery.
The tradition of dueling goes back centuries, and it is believed the word duel, derived from a Latin term (duellum) meaning war between two, entered the English language in the early 1600s. By the mid-1700s dueling had become common enough that fairly formal codes began to dictate how duels were to be conducted.
Dueling Had Formalized Rules
In 1777, delegates from the west of Ireland met at Clonmel and came up with the Code Duello, a dueling code which became standard in Ireland and in Britain. The rules of the Code Duello crossed the Atlantic and became the generally standard rules for dueling in the United States.
Much of the Code Duello dealt with how challenges were to be issued and answered. And it has been noted that many duels were avoided by the men involved either apologizing or somehow smoothing over their differences.
Many duelists would merely try to strike a non-fatal wound, by, for instance, shooting at their opponent's hip. Yet the flintlock pistols of the day were not terribly accurate. So any duel was bound to be fraught with danger.
Prominent Men Participated in Duels
It should be noted that dueling was almost always illegal, yet fairly prominent members of society participated in duels both in Europe and in America.
Some alternate history.
In a hurricane one day in the early 15th century a small cart in china was washed out to sea. There it floated along the currents until one day it washed up on the coast of Peru in good enough condition that some local people could work out what it was picked up by the inhabitants of a small fishing village. They put it to use for a short while until it wore out, then they made a rough copy to the best of their abilities, then they made some more using people and llamas to draw them. Within a couple of years these carts began to spread and found their way into the hands of the emergent Inca Empire. They put this technology to use to better transport goods and people. Then in some time around the year 1500 someone had the bright idea to use the rough technology for vehicles of war. They built small two wheeled carts of wood and wicker from which their generals could lead and their slingers and archers could use their missile weapons against their foes. When the Conquistadors came, Incan Chariots (and experience in fighting them from the civil war) proved to be invaluable against them and Pizarro was unable to repeat Cortes' conquests further south.
Set in urban Los Angeles over a calculated spot along the 101 Freeway, an audacious freeway overpass has been designed to reduce deaths among mountain lions, pumas and other wild species populating the area. While such wildlife corridors exist in various forms around the world, this would be the biggest of its kind in North America at 165 by 200 feet, and perhaps the largest urban example on the planet.
The crossing is set to connect two areas of protected public land, in the Santa Monica Mountains to the south and the Santa Susana Mountains to the north, stitching a fragmented habitat back together. Covered in native greenery, it would provide a safe passage for animals across the busy freeway below and could double as a crossing for hikers and mountain bikers as well.
Backed by local politicians and wildlife protection organizations, the corridor project was vetted for feasibility by the Mountains Recreation and Conservation Authority and is set to be funded with public money. It is intended primarily to protect animals, but also benefits motorists who can also be harmed in wildlife-related accidents.
There are smaller-scale precedents around the US and the globe, variously set above or below roads help animals both large and small. Some are larger, including tunnels or bridges for bears, cougars, deer, elk but others are smaller and species-specific, like the above aerial trellis for mice and squirrels in Australia. In some cases, as with a certain species of crab (below, also: Down Under), the crossings are essential to maintaining balanced ecosystems and supporting local economies.
Many of these kinds of structures can be found in more rural states around the country, while very few bridge metropolitan highways. “I don't know anywhere where people have tried to put such a large wildlife crossing over such a busy highway in such an urban landscape,” said Seth Riley, a wildlife ecologist with the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area, a unit of the National Park Service (additional images via Wikipedia).
On January 18, 2017, new rules governing the seizure of bank accounts in the European Union went into effect (The EU Regulation No 655/2014 of May 15, 2014). This regulation sought to circumvent the independent legal rights of people, denying them the right to be heard in a court of law in their own country. This has created a European Account Preservation Order (EAPO) which is to facilitate cross-border debt recovery in civil and commercial matters. The European Commission described the EAPO as a “simple and cost-effective way to block funds that are owed” by a creditor in another member state. What this really means is that a CREDITOR no longer needs to run to an Italian court to sue an Italian debtor. In other words, this order dismembers the sovereignty of the member states legal courts.
Until now, a creditor who is owed money by a debtor in another EU country had to apply to a court in the debtor's state of residence in accordance with the domestic law of that member state if he wanted to freeze the debtor's bank accounts. In the Commission's opinion, this was often too time-consuming and too expensive. In the United States, you still must go after a debtor in their home state and apply by the local laws.
The new European procedure was designed to be quicker, cheaper, and more efficient for creditors, but it then would demand that someone in Italy would have to hire a lawyer in Germany to defend them there. The costs are being shifted to the debtor rather than the creditor under this EAPO.
Basically, it has become possible for your accounts in your bank to be seized domiciled in the European Union doing away with all local legal protection. The danger here is someone in Germany can freeze your bank account in Italy in proceedings commenced in another member state and ex parte – meaning without you even appearing.
Any court of a member state can grant an EAPO, provided that it has jurisdiction to hear the underlying case on its merits under the European Union's rules on jurisdiction. Therefore, under the Brussels I Regulation Recast, Germany has implemented the EAPO procedure in Sections 946 to 959 German Code of Civil Procedure (ZPO).
There is not even a limitation for the application for a EAPO can be made at any stage of the main proceedings. Therefore, you can be in a court in Italy and a court in Germany can freeze your account in the middle of a litigation or even before main proceedings have been issued, denying you the right to use funds to hire a lawyer. Article 7 (1) of the Regulation reads:
“The court shall issue the Preservation Order when the creditor has submitted sufficient evidence to satisfy the court that there is an urgent need for a protective measure in the form of a Preservation Order because there is a real risk that, without such a measure, the subsequent enforcement of the creditor's claim against the debtor will be impeded or made substantially more difficult.”
If the application is made before or during proceedings, and no judgment has therefore been obtained yet, the applicant must also show, in accordance with Article 7 (2), that they have a bona fide good case and are likely to succeed on the merits:
“Where the creditor has not yet obtained in a Member State a judgment, court settlement or authentic instrument requiring the debtor to pay the creditor's claim, the creditor shall also submit, sufficient evidence to satisfy the court that he is likely to succeed on the substance of his claim against the debtor.”
The interesting aspect of this EAPO mechanism is how it actually also creates the right to search for bank accounts of a debtor throughout Europe. Article 14 provides for a request to obtain bank account information:
“Where the creditor has obtained in a Member State an enforceable judgment, court settlement or authentic instrument which requires the debtor to pay the creditor's claim and the creditor has reasons to believe that the debtor holds one or more accounts with a bank in a specific Member State, but knows neither the name and/or address of the bank nor the IBAN, BIC or another bank number allowing the bank to be identified, he may request the court with which the application for the Preservation Order is lodged to request that the information authority of the Member State of enforcement obtain the information necessary to allow the bank or banks and the debtor's account or accounts to be identified.”
However, the EAPO is NOT available in the entire EU. Denmark and Britain have opted out of this Regulation. Ireland is really screwed since they could have opted out, but chose not to do so.
Henson KNOCKED OUT by new Bath team-mate... and he's not even made his club debut yet
Bath are investigating an incident in which new signing Gavin Henson was allegedly punched and knocked out by a team-mate, believed to be Carl Fearns.
The controversial former Wales international was hit at the Pig and Fiddle pub where he was drinking with a group of nine friends on Wednesday night.
Police responded following an allegation of aggressive behaviour but both Henson and Fearns left the pub and no offences are being investigated.
SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO
'Swanning around': Witnesses described the incident as 'disgusting'
The Pig and Fiddle has declined to comment on the incident but eye-witnesses branded it 'disgusting' and accused the former Wales international Henson of arrogantly 'swanning around'.
'We are speaking to all those involved to clarify the situation,' said Bath chief executive Nick Blofeld.
'When we have all the facts, we will make any appropriate statement.'
New signing: Gavin Henson has only just arrived at Bath CCTV footage: The two players are alleged to have squared up while drinking alcohol Aggression: It is alleged the situation escalated when Henson was told to calm down
It is alleged that Henson and 6ft 3ins Fearns squared up after the former was told to calm down, resulting in the latter allegedly punching Henson so powerfully he fell to the floor where he remained for five minutes until others on the night out helped him onto a nearby chair and diffused the situation.
'There were about 10 of them in the pub getting p***** but not being too rowdy,' one witness claims.
Impact: Police were called before the situation was diffused
Falling: Henson's career has been undermined by controversy
Floored: The incident took place at The Pig and Fiddle pub
'They seemed like they were all having a good time, apart from Henson who was strutting around like he owned the place.
'One of the other players told him to calm down and after a bit of a to-ing and fro-ing he just hit him.
'Henson went out like a light for about five minutes. He just lay there like a lump, right on the floor.'
The Pig & Fiddle: Henson and the team-mate are alleged to have clashed inside
The incident is not the first in which Henson has clashed with a team-mate or got into trouble while drinking. In 2005 he was forced to apologise for negative comments made about other squad members during the British Lions' unsuccessful tour of New Zealand.
He was two years later accused of disorderly conduct after 'rowdy' behaviour on a train from London to Cardiff, and then in 2009 was cautioned over an assault in Cardiff city centre. Popular haunt: The pub is in the centre of Bath
Henson was then sacked by Cardiff Blues last April after throwing ice cubes at passengers while drunk on a flight back from a match in Glasgow and, after 'flashing £20 notes at doorman', in March turned away from a Girls Aloud tour party in London for being 'worse for wear'.
Blofeld had told fans that Henson had changed his ways when he unexpectedly signed for the club last month.
'I think Gavin is much more settled and mature person than that image we have in our heads,' he said.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Peter Lucas Moses, 28, was given two life sentences on Friday for the 2010 murders of a woman who tried to leave the cult he led, and of a four-year-old boy Moses believed to be gay.
At the time of the killings Moses lived in a one-bedroom house in Durham, North Carolina, with five women and nine children. He considered three of the women to be his ‘wives', and he was father to eight of the children, with the exception being Jadon Higganbothan.
The adults in the house were members of the ‘Black Hebrews' cult, of which Moses was leader. Members referred to Moses as “Lord”, and espoused the belief that a race war was inevitable.
Prosecutors reported that Moses suspected Jadon's father was gay because he had left the boy's mother, Vania Sisk, who then went on to become one of Moses' wives. Moses became concerned Jadon was also gay, and was angered when he saw the boy strike one of his sons on the backside.
Court testimony revealed that in October 2010 the women living in the house had been told to set up speakers in the garage. Moses then ordered them out and took Jadon inside, after which they heard religious music and a gunshot.
Moses was also sentenced for the killing of 28-year-old Antoinetta McKoy, who tried to leave the cult in 2010 after learning she could not have children. Moses arranged for her to be kept inside the house and killed.
An autopsy found that both McKoy and Jadon were shot in the head. Their bodies were found buried in shallow graves in the back garden belonging to Moses' mother, Sheilda Harris.
Prosecutors originally sought the death penalty for Moses, but after he made a surprise plea change to ‘guilty' in November 2012 this was amended to two life sentences without chance of parole.
At the sentencing on Friday, Judge Orlando Hudson said: “These were some of the worst cases in Durham. These are some of the worst cases I've seen as a judge.”
Four others, including Jadon's mother, have pleaded guilty in the killings.
'Innocence Of Muslims' Ruling Violates The First Amendment In Two Separate Ways
from the incredible dept
A temporary stay is particularly warranted here because the panel's order amounts to a dramatic, and highly unusual, intrusion on Google's First Amendment and due process rights. It requires Google to remove a film from public display — a classic incursion on the First Amendment — without even telling Google why, and without any opinion explaining the rationale. The panel took this extraordinary step in an order that it placed under seal, making it difficult (to say the least) for Google to explain to the world why it is removing the Film from the public eye. And, last but not least, the Order imposes a restraint on Google that is broader than anything Ms. Garcia has even requested. Ms. Garcia asked only that the five seconds of footage in which she appeared be removed from Google's websites. See Reply Br. 5 ("Ms. Garcia seeks only to enjoin the unauthorized posting of her own performance.”). The Order, by contrast, requires that the entire film be taken down, and that Google block anyone from uploading it in the future. The Order also appears to extend to copies of the Film that were not identified in any takedown demand by Ms. Garcia. See 17 U.S.C. 512(c), (j). There is no possible justification for such an order. The vast bulk of the Film has nothing to do with Ms. Garcia, and she asserts no copyright claim over it.
This is, in short, a stunning order, both as a matter of substance and procedure. And to make matters worse, it is difficult for the Defendants to even understand how to fully comply with the Order, given the variety of copies of the Film now available on the Internet and the variety of platforms operated by Google. The Order's uncertain scope only adds to the urgency of a temporary stay. The Film is not defined with reference to any URL, upload date, or any other meaningful description. A search for “Innocence of Muslims” on YouTube returns over 58,000 results as of this filing, many of which could well contain commentary, news stories, and other works that merely contain some or all of the original video. Google and YouTube will, of course, try to comply with the Order forthwith, but strongly believe the Order should be stayed so that this Court can consider the issues.
In addition, the Order unjustifiably gags the defendants from publicly discussing the Order itself, and denies the public access to judicial documents. Under this Court's case law, when it comes to this Court's records, “ ‘a strong presumption in favor of access' is the starting point.” ... In order to withhold documents from public view, the court “must ‘base its decision on a compelling reason and articulate the factual basis for its ruling, without relying on hypothesis or conjecture.' ” The Court's order did none of those things before directing it be kept from the public docket. For this reason, too, the Order harms Google and the public and should be vacated.
It turns out that Kozinski is a bit of a closet luddite. When it was pointed out that many of the wonderful things online are probably only there because of safe harbors like Section 230, he pushed back. He pointed out that the internet really isn't that great, and if he had the option of flipping a switch to turn it off, he's not entirely convinced that he would leave it on. He said he's just not sure it's really done that much good, and that we might be better off without it.
[...]
Kozinski did point out that many people don't realize what it's like to be the subject of an anonymous internet attack, and people might feel differently if they were. Now, to be fair, Kozinski has been subject to just such attacks, including a highly publicized situation a few years ago in which an anonymous Kozinski-hater got a bunch of attention directed at Kozinski, after discovering that Kozinski had (sloppily) stored a bunch of jokey viral content on a server that he failed to secure, which got twisted into a claim that he had "obscene" content, leading to a rash of misleading press coverage, and an investigation (which eventually cleared him of any wrong doing).
In our post yesterday about Judge Alex Kozinski's horrifically bad ruling in favor of Cindy Garcia, an actress who briefly appeared in the infamous YouTube video "Innocence of Muslims," we also mentioned the astounding gag order that Kozinski placed on Google/YouTube, saying that the company was simply not allowed to tell the world that the video had been ordered censored by a court for at least a week. However, the gag order is so crazy that it seemed worth a second post. It already appears to be a classic First Amendment violation to order Google to take down all copies of the video (and prevent new ones from being uploaded), but Kozinski seems to double the First Amendment problems with that gag order.Yes, certain court rulings are kept under seal for some period of time, but here's a case where a key video of public interest and discussion was not only being censored, but where the company being ordered to censor the video couldn't even tell anyone what happened for nearly a week. The order to pull down the video came on February 19th, and it was only revealed on the 26th. It now comes out that Google's lawyers went reasonably ballistic over the gag order . Google's full motion seeking an emergency stay highlights just how insane both the takedown and the gag orders are.The filing goes on to point out that the gag order is clearly illegal:It also points out that it's preposterous to order all such videos (again broadly described) be taken down within 24 hours, given that the film has been online for nearly two years, and keeping it up for a short while longer is hardly going to increase any level of harm (though interfering with First Amendment rights does create harm). It further notes that even Garcia's own lawyers didn't ask for a 24 hours turnaround time on blocking videos.The whole thing is quite incredible when you think about it. First, ordering the prior restraint of the video is a clear First Amendment violation. But to add a gag order to that doubles the problems. Here's a judge who's not only ordering a result that violates the First Amendment, but is then compounding the problems by violating the First Amendment in blocking anyone from talking about the First Amendment violation in the first place.As we mentioned in the original post, we're still perplexed at Kozinski's reasoning on all of this (and I've yet to see a single lawyer I know have anything positive to say about the ruling or the gag order). As we've said in the past, generally speaking, Judge Kozinski is one of the more interesting judges out there, and I tend to agree with his rulings more often than not. However, as we pointed out a few years ago, it seems like one serious blind spot for Judge Kozinski is his dislike of the internet and willingness to blame tech companies for actions of users on the internet. In covering a speech he gave in 2011 concerning Section 230 of the CDA (which provides liability protections for internet companies based on actions of their users), we noted:While the issue here is slightly different, both in context and in statute, Kozinski has shown in the past that he's skeptical of the internet, and appears to overreact to attacks based on things on the internet. That may suggest how he got to the point where such a twisted ruling made sense. However, even if we grant that, it'simpossible to see how it could then possibly make sense to gag Google from explaining why it had taken down such a high profile video.
Filed Under: alex kozinski, copyright, first amendment, free speech, innocence of muslims
Companies: google
The Lancaster JetHawks may have been facing a 17-year Major League veteran at the outset on Friday, but by the end of the night, it was Chase Johnson they'd had enough of.
The Giants' No. 29 prospect struck out a career-high 14 over six innings of relief, allowing only three hits and a walk, as Class A Advanced San Jose silenced Lancaster, 3-0, at Municipal Stadium.
It was four-time big league All-Star Tim Hudson on the hill for San Jose to kick off Friday night's win, but Johnson stole the show. Over 2 2/3 innings, Hudson -- rehabbing a strained right shoulder -- allowed one hit and struck out a pair. Jeff Soptic got the final out in the third before Johnson's show began.
"It was kind of weird, definitely, coming in after Hudson in the fourth," the 23-year-old righty said. "My routine was a little messed up, but I was just trying to make it as much as a normal one as possible, just warming up the same way. After I got out there, the fastball was coming out good, command was really good and my off-speed was pretty good, too."
Appearing in relief for only the sixth time in his professional career and the first time since April 16, Johnson wasn't thrown off. After allowing a leadoff single to top Astros prospect Alex Bregman in the fourth, he struck out the side. He fanned the side in order in the fifth and again in the seventh to break double-digit strikeouts for the first time in his career. The 2013 third-round pick followed it up by striking out two more in the eighth.
"It definitely felt a little different," he said. "It's hard to explain. I've had a few games similar in the past but never with that many strikeouts. I feel like everything was going good for me tonight, and it starts with fastball command. I was able to really work the strike zone with my fastball tonight."
Johnson got a chance to work with San Francisco catcher Andrew Susac. Rehabbing a strained right thumb, Susac was behind the plate for all nine innings.
"I was just really mixing up my pitches really good," Johnson said. "Early in the game, I was throwing a lot of fastballs and just working the corners. I started to throw more sliders toward the end of the game to keep them off-balance. I had Susac catching for me. That always helps, too."
Being around a big league battery proved to be a valuable experience as Johnson and his teammates took the opportunity to pick Hudson's brain.
"It's a really cool experience because that guy has been in the game for so long," he said. "He was really up front with us. Everybody was asking questions about everything like his routine, certain things in the Minor Leagues, big league stuff. It was really cool to have him here because there's just a ton of information we can learn from him."
Johnson's 14 strikeouts were the most by a San Jose pitcher since 2009 and fell two shies of the team record held by Keith Foulke, who made 28 appearances for the club in 1995.
In addition to his duties behind the plate, Susac went 2-for-4 and helped his staff with a two-run homer to left-center in the sixth.
Truckers to Shut Down America, a group claiming to support the Constitution but with an organizer who believes Obama is the Anti-Christ and might declare martial law, have big plans for October 11, 2013:
Tractor-trailer drivers will intentionally clog the inner loop of the Washington, D.C., beltway beginning on the morning of Oct. 11…Earl Conlon, a Georgia trucker who is handling logistics for the protest, told U.S. News tractor-trailer drivers will circle the beltway “three lanes deep” as he rides with other participants to Congress to seek the arrest of congressmen for allegedly disregarding the Constitution.
Because nothing says you love America more than screwing up the morning commute, though Conlon is offering up a little bit of relief– D.C. commuters who wish to be allowed past the convoy, which will be observing the 55 mph speed limit, must have “T2SDA” – an acronym for the event's original name, “Truckers to Shut Down America” – written on their vehicle. Conlon says:
Everybody that doesn't have a supporter sticker on their window, good luck: Nobody in, nobody out. It's going to be real fun for anyone who is not a supporter, [and] if cops decide to give us a hard time, we're going to lock the brakes up, we're going to stop right there, we're going to be a three lane roadblock.
And it just gets zanier. Conlon, an author and Tea Party member (which has me confused because aren't there are a lot of Teapartiers in Congress who are screwing things up for America?) is calling for a citizens grand jury, a pool of jurors convened without court approval, as the mechanism for indicting government officials who he wants arrested:
We're asking for the arrest of everyone in government who has violated their oath of office….We want these people arrested, and we're coming in with the grand jury to do it. We are going to ask the law enforcement to uphold their constitutional oath and make these arrests. If they refuse to do it, by the power of the people of the United States and the people's grand jury, they don't want to do it, we will. … We the people will find a way…What we want to do is go in nice and peaceful and keep it as peaceful as possible… but if they decide to get ugly with us we're going to do what we have to do,” he said. “If all I get is one or two congressmen walked out of there in handcuffs, that will be a shot across the bow that will ripple across all branches of government. … I hope they are all civil enough and brave enough to step out onto the congressional steps.
High on Conlon's list of potential arrestees? Nancy Pelosi and Dianne Feinstein. And maybe even Obama. Conlon says
Obama committed “treason” by allegedly funneling weapons to al-Qaida-linked rebels in Syria. Members of Congress who support arming Syrian rebels, Conlon said, are accessories to the alleged crime.
Arresting members of Congress may not be legal, in fact it could be considered kidnapping.
Truckers for the Constitution's Facebook page has almost 50,000 likes. Truckers protesting is nothing new but Conlon brings a special kind of crazy to the convoy. At Tea Party Command Center he writes:
i've always believed Obama to be the Anti Christ from the day i first laid eyes one him.. not to mention the dreams i have had for the past 15 years showing me a man in office who i've never heard of before. then comes 2008 and the dreams get more detailed and intense… you figure it out.. maybe i am crazy?
And this:
Rick Fox isn't just investing in esports — he's helping other sports personalities and investors find their footing in the new environment all the while defending the scene's long-term audience.
TMZ caught up with Echo Fox's charismatic owner outside LAX and asked him about his view on the recent addition of Shaquille O'Neal and Alex Rodriguez to NRG eSports' list of investors.
RELATED: Shaq, A-Rod among NRG eSports' latest investors
His usual gracious self, Fox said he wasn't threatened by their entry to the esports scene, and revealed that he had previously spoken with Shaq about esports.
"The more that get in, the merrier," he said.
But more than that, TMZ asked Fox how long he believed esports had until it surpassed a major sports league.
"It's in that conversation now, it's fifth right now. We're in fifth place, it's coming," Fox replied.
Pressed by the interviewer to provide a concrete number, Fox responded quickly before ducking back into his car.
"In two years, it'll be on par with the NHL," he said.
Josh "Gauntlet" Bury is a shrieking but otherwise well-mannered fox. You can find him on Twitter.
UPDATE: Scott Brown told Schieffer that he hasn't heard anything about jobs since he's been in the Senate, but Steve Benen reminds him that he voted on a couple of jobs bills already. What a nitwit. He's lying only a couple of months into his new gig. Welcome to the House of Lords.
Scott Brown made his first appearance on Face the Nation Sunday, and while he distanced himself from Sarah Palin and wouldn't answer Bob Schieffer's question asking him if he had appeared with her if he wasn't working, he gave an awfully good impression of her by not including any substance in his answers to Bob's questions -- only right wing talking points.
I found it rather bizarre that since he has been part of the legislative process in Boston before he became Senator, his performance made it sound like he had zero knowledge on what's wrong with the financial reform bill other than saying that President Obama is now putting his political arm in the debate so he's going to filibuster the bill.
Here's the way the segment went.
Transcript via CBS.
SENATOR SCOTT BROWN (R-Massachusetts): Well, I think the President's political arm is now taking over this debate. And it's unfortunate because I, like many others in my state and throughout the country, want banks to be banks. They don't want them to be casinos. They don't want them to take risky bets on our money. And, I think that this is an issue that we can clearly come to common ground and just solve the problem. Where there're problems, we should fix them. But the regulation and the-- the bill that's being proposed by the banking chairman dramatically affects businesses-- mutual-- for example, Liberty Mutual, MassMutual. These folks are-- are caught in that-- that-- that regulation as well. It's going to cost potentially twenty-five to thirty-five thousand jobs. And-- BOB SCHIEFFER (overlapping): Well, now, wait a minute, Senator. How-- how can you say that? SENATOR SCOTT BROWN: Well, I-- I can say it very clearly because the-- the regulations that are-- they're trying to reel in with some of the risky he-- hedging-- that bets are doing also affects companies like-- like I just described in Massachusetts. It's-- it's very clear. And-- and speaking with Secretary Geithner the other day I-- I certainly noted the-- the President's comments. But, Secretary Geithner has some of the same criticisms of the bill. In that, it doesn't end the bailout mentality of the big bank--the too-big-to-fail concept. And, in addition, there are a lot of things in the Dodd bill that-- that are just bad for business, small businesses in particular. And we should do better. And, I've-- I called the President out the other day and the administration to do better and stop politicizing these issues and just start solving problems. BOB SCHIEFFER: But don't you think that Senator McConnell might be a little bit guilty of politicizing when he-- he comes out and just says flatly, "No, we're against it?" SENATOR SCOTT BROWN: He's not saying-- he's not saying no to financial reform unless I'm mistaken because that's never the impression I've gotten in the seventy-three days since I've been there. Throughout our caucuses, that issue has been in the forefront with the teams that are negotiating with the banking chairman to try to find common sense reforms and-- and address situations like the one that I just pointed out with-- where companies are-- are caught in the big web. And, when you have government interfering in-- in-- in businesses-- small businesses' lives and just throwing-- like a-- a one-size-fits-all approach just to score political points, it's-- it's sad. We should be looking at real issues-- I'm sorry, real solutions to these problems. And, to politicize, it is clear what they're with, you know, trying to score points and he should do better.
The interview went on like this for about thirteen minutes or so. He wouldn't answer any of Bob's questions and just repeated prepared lines that fell flat. He was unimpressive and appeared to be just like another political hack who's going to vote with the Democrats whenever he can so he'll be able to say he's a true independent voice for the people of Massachusetts to get reelected to the Senate. It's fine to be prepared, we all do it before we go on TV, but I thought he would be able just list a few reasons why he's against the Dodd bill instead of flatly rejecting it like Frank Luntz has instructed them to.
In the CBS report on this segment, they only repeated what was bantered around, but in the end they agreed with me by saying:
He didn't offer specifics about what he thinks should be in a financial reform bill, but said he'd filibuster the current bill rather than let it come to the Senate floor.
Bob didn't bother to push him on anything either except when it came to Palin. I can see that Scott Brown is a bit shaky about Our Lady from Alaska.
BOB SCHIEFFER: well, would you have, for example, gone to the rally in Boston and appeared with Sarah Palin had the Senate not been in session? SENATOR SCOTT BROWN: Well, I've been to rallies before. I spoke a couple of years-- last year at two rallies in Worcester, before I was elected. And, you know, my role now is, as an elected official, is to do my job. And that's not-- that wasn't-- those weren't the circumstances. And I have great respect for-- for Sarah and what she's doing. She's got a lot on her plate. And, she's playing a role in-- in-- in that movement, and-- and-- and just the-- the-- the Republican Party. And-- and--
Notice how he referred to the Tea Parties as "that movement?" He also had a hard time with Shieffer's question about whether Obama is a socialist.
BOB SCHIEFFER: But, do you decline to answer my question: is he pushing the country towards socialism? SENATOR SCOTT BROWN: I don't think he's making proper choices when it comes to dealing with the-- the free market and free enterprise and allowing businesses to-- to really run themselves and create jobs. And as a result, larger government is happening and we're creating jobs but they're all government jobs. And the private sector is definitely-- definitely suffering.
This interview was about as softball as it comes and what I came away from it was that Scott Brown is a political fly weight. Not knowing, but speaking "Luntz" is the new "in," people.
Oh, and did you know his daughter got a job on CBS? I'm not saying she didn't deserve the job because you know, American Idol really prepares oneself for political reporting.
While I can't tell you yet about the 1,000 Chryslers I'm driving today in San Diego, I can show you this rare K-1200 K-Max synchropter, a helicopter with two rotors on separate angled masts. What's it doing here?
Hauling concrete. The mountains south of San Diego have become a hotbed of power line construction, yet many of the areas where towers for the 1,000-megawatt transmission line will be built are environmentally fragile, and residents oppose tearing massive roads for construction vehicles into the mountainsides. The carefully synchronized rotors — and it's lack of a tail rotor — make the K-Max extremely stable when hovering, perfect for repeated vertical lifting and hauling of up to 6,000 pounds.
Kaman Corp. has built roughly 40 K-Max synchropters so far, and licensed the design for an unmanned drone version. Maybe now if you see one in action while driving, you won't nearly trigger a rear-end collision.
Across the planet, new technologies and business models are decentralizing power and placing it in the hands of communities and individuals.
"We are seeing technology-driven networks replacing bureacratically-driven hierarchies," says VC and futurist Fred Wilson, speaking on what to expect in the next ten years. View the entire 25-minute video below (it's worth it!) and then check out the 21 innovations below. Thanks to Jenny Ryan whose Open Garden newsletter inspired this post.
Video of R43OKYmGbhU
Here are 21 innovations that will help make it happen:
1. Open Garden
Decentralized technology will become mainstream in 2014, according to the Open Garden Foundation, a San Francisco-based startup dedicated to net neutrality and internet access for everyone. Open Garden, a product of the Open Garden Foundation, provides mesh networking through an app that creates a wirelesh mesh network, enabling everyone to have faster downloads, and stronger and cheaper connectivity.
2. Commotion Router
Commotion Router is free, open source software that allows for communities to build their own mesh networks.
3. Twister
Do you really want to trust your data to Twitter? Twister is a peer-to-peer alternative social network operating on a decentralized framework, designed in a way that prevents other users from knowing too much about your whereabouts and online habits.
4. The Edison
The future of devices is micro and wearable. Intel announced this SD-sized computer in January, and bloggers are already talking about the potential for freedom from mobile devices and making dumb gadgets smart.
5. BitCloud
BitCloud is only a concept for now, but it's basically a proposal to replace the entire internet with a decentralized system.
6. The Internet of Things (IoT)
The number of "things" that will be connected to the Internet of things is about to explode, reports Business Insider. The smartification of formerly "dumb" objects like parking meters, home thermostats, appliances, and automobiles is set to rival the number of computers and mobile devices currently connected to the internet, creating trillions in economic value.
7. WunderBar
WunderBar is a starter kit for developers, hackers and makers looking to test out ideas and contribute to the Internet of Things. Created by European startup relayr, the kit will include six modules with sensors for temperature, distance, light, color, humidity, a gyroscope, an accelerometer, a infrared remote control, a Grove connector, and one additional sensor to be determined by a crowdfunding campaign vote.
8. The Wireless Registry
In the Internet of Things, each thing will need an address and a name, just like regular computers and mobile devices. While the regular Internet associates URLs with IP addresses via the DNS system, The Wireless Registry associates Service Set Identifiers (SSIDs) with 32-character names that convey the users identity in the wireless world.
9. Dot-Bit
Based on cryptocurrency software (see next section), Namecoin is an alternative domain name registration system (and potentially an alternative internet) for .a bit top-level domain. It operates independently of ICANN, and because it is based on a decentralized network, it is theoretically immune from internet censorship.
10. Bitcoin
Cryptocurrency is a digital medium of exchange not controlled by any one group or agency and secured by cryptography. Bitcoin has been trading since 2009, and in recent years more than 60 currencies have been launched. Here's a good layman's guide to cryptocurrencies.
11. Ethereum
Ethereum is a decentralized, cryptographic ledger that allows users to encode transactions, contracts and applications, including custom currencies and financial derivatives. The tool includes its own programming language to create custom transactions.
12. Smart Contracts
What if contracts could enforce themselves, obviating the need for contract law and lawyers? The idea of smart contracts was introduced by Nick Szabo in the 1990s, but recent advancements in cryptography may be moving the idea closer to reality.
13. Smart Property
What if the property behind property and lease contracts ceased to function or be accessible, obviating the need for repo men and lengthy eviction processes? An important subset of smart contracts is smart property, built on self-executing contracts atop cryptocurrency frameworks.
14. Peer to Peer Payments
Services like Square Cash, VenMo and Dwolla are cutting out the bank by creating a platform and framework for online payments between peers.
15. Peer to Peer Lending
Services like Lending Club, Zopa, and Prosper are cutting out institutional lenders and big banks by enabling people to make loans directly to each other. Over $2.4 billion in peer-to-peer loans were issued in 2013.
16. Crowdsourcing Civic Engagement
What if getting your city planner's attention was as easy as tacking a note to a digital bulletin board? With crowdsourcing platforms like Dear City, citizens can do just that, and others can up-vote or down-vote the concern.
17. Civic Crowdfunding
With public budgets slashed, urban planners and community groups are turning to sites like Citizinvestor, ZenFunder and neighbor.ly to pay for civic projects and infrastructure.
18. Decentralized Urban Farming
Our food system is extremely centralized; Walmart sells 25 percent of all the groceries in the United States, and that number is far higher in rural areas. Services like BK Farmyards, LandShare, hyperlocavore and Sharing Backyards use social media and Google Maps to connect urban landowners with urban farmers. But this is just scratching the surface, an entire alternative agriculture system is emerging that's based on local production, processing, and distribution.
19. FarmHack
Video of 73504647
FarmHack is an open-source, online platform for peer-to-peer innovation targeted toward developing tools and systems for resilent, sustainable agriculture.
20. MOOCS and Online Learning Platforms
Technology-based decentralization of education promises to be a game-changing, disruptive force for the future. Massive Online Open Courses (MOOCS) have the potential to be great equalizers, decentralizing education to the extent that college become accessible to everyone, not just those who can afford it, while online learning communities like Duolingo and CodeAcademy have established peer networks to help people learn from each other.
21. Coming Soon: Identity, Trust and Data
When we use Facebook or Twitter to login, we give our data over to Facebook and Twitter in exchange for the convenience of not having to remember a password. Fred Wilson believes we will see a Bitcoin-like protocol for internet identity in the very near future. Stay tuned.
##
If you liked this story, you might like these too:
May's Brexit deal, no-deal or delay? British PM offers lawmakers a choice
LONDON: Prime Minister Theresa May on Tuesday offered lawmakers the chance to vote in two weeks for a potentially disorderly no-deal Brexit or to delay Britain's exit from the European Union if her attempt to ratify a divorce agreement fails.
Opening up the possibility of a delay and removing the immediate threat of a no-deal exit on March 29 marks one of the biggest turning points in the United Kingdom's labyrinthine Brexit crisis since the 2016 referendum vote to leave the EU.
In a move which pushes back the Brexit cliff edge by three months to the end of June, May announced she was to give the lawmakers two votes on March 13-14 if she failed to get a deal approved by March 12.
The government would allow a vote on March 13 at the latest asking whether lawmakers supported leaving without a deal. If they rejected such an option, on March 14 they would vote on a “short, limited extension” Brexit delay.
“The United Kingdom will only leave without a deal on March 29 if there is explicit consent in the House for that outcome,” May said, though she was clear that the British government was not removing the ultimate threat of a no-deal Brexit.
“An extension can take no deal off the table,” May said. “The only way to do that is to revoke Article 50, which I shall not do, or agree a deal.”
May said any extension, not beyond the end of June, would almost certainly have to be a one off and that her government must honor the decision to leave the EU because the credibility of British democracy was at stake.
Earlier, The Sun and Daily Mail newspapers reported that May would formally rule out a no-deal Brexit. Reuters reported on Monday that May's government was looking at different options, including a possible delay.
Sterling, which has lost about 20 cents against the dollar since the 2016 Brexit referendum, rallied 1.4 percent to $1.3284, the highest since September 2018, and it also rallied strongly against the euro.
“She seems to be giving us a date for a new cliff edge — the end of June,” veteran pro-EU Conservative lawmaker Kenneth Clarke said of May's statement.
NEW CLIFF EDGE?
The EU would be ready to approve a short Brexit delay if Britain need more time to ensure parliamentary ratification of their divorce agreement, three EU officials said.
After parliament voted 432-202 against her divorce deal in January, May is trying to negotiate changes to the exit deal she agreed with the EU last year and had promised to bring it back for approval in parliament by March 12 at the latest.
The ultimate outcome remains unclear, with scenarios ranging from a last-minute deal to another referendum that May has warned would reopen the divisions of the 2016 referendum campaign or even scupper Brexit.
May's decision to give lawmakers more say over the outcome was an attempt to see off a rebellion by lawmakers and ministers in her own party who had warned they could vote on Wednesday with opposition parties to grab control of Brexit.
After May's statement, lawmakers said there would not now be a vote on Wednesday on the plan for parliament to take control if ministers confirmed May's pledges.
A delay would increase the chances of a reversal of Brexit, especially as the opposition Labour Party is tilting toward supporting another referendum.
Jacob Rees-Mogg, a leading Brexit-supporting lawmaker in May's Conservative Party, expressed concern: “If it's being delayed... as a plot to stop Brexit altogether, then I think that would be the most grievous error that politicians could commit.”
Both of Britain's main parties are under intense pressure to change course on Brexit: both are deeply divided though both are officially committed to implementing Brexit.
REFERENDUM
Opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said on Tuesday that even if May got her Brexit deal approved by parliament then it should be put to a “confirmatory” public vote.
“The prime minister's botched deal provides no certainty or guarantees for the future,” he said, accusing May of running down the clock in a “grotesquely reckless” way.
But the tilt toward another referendum raises problems for Labour, many of whose traditional voters backed Brexit.
The 2016 referendum, in which 17.4 million voters backed leaving and 16.1 million backed staying, showed a country divided about much more than the EU, and has fueled soul-searching about everything from secession and immigration to capitalism and modern British identity.
The crisis has left allies and investors puzzled by a country that was for decades touted as a confident pillar of Western economic and political stability.
In cases over banks' money laundering controls, for example, criminal penalties have skyrocketed since 2010, when Wachovia forfeited $110 million to resolve charges that it willfully failed to establish a compliance program.
By comparison, JPMorgan paid $1.7 billion earlier this year to resolve criminal charges over its failure to maintain an effective anti-money laundering program in connection with its business with convicted Ponzi schemer Bernard Madoff.
A BNP settlement of $10 billion would be more than 14 times higher than the $667 million Standard Chartered paid to resolve sanctions violations in 2012, the highest fine for such violations to date.
A former DOJ official said: "It's almost like more is law now."
Rationale
Sources familiar with the BNP settlement talks say there are clear justifications for a fine of as much as $10 billion, as well as other severe potential penalties, such as suspending BNP's ability to process dollar payments.
They point to the sheer volume of the suspect transactions by BNP that allegedly violated U.S. sanctions: about 10 times larger than other banks which have resolved similar cases, according to a person familiar with the matter. A second source said the high level of senior management knowledge of the conduct is another contributing factor.
A third consideration was the bank's poor cooperation with the governments investigation, an element that also figured in Credit Suisse's guilty plea and record fine.
Read MoreFrance criticizes US over BNP Paribas probe
Cases involving violations of U.S. sanctions also give prosecutors wide latitude to assess criminal penalties, prosecutors and defense lawyers said, since they are done as forfeitures rather than as fines calculated under sentencing guidelines.
When Dutch lender ING Bank agreed to forfeit a then-record $619 million in 2012 over illegal transactions with Cuban and Iranian entities, court documents said the bank moved more than $2 billion on behalf of sanctioned entities. A deferred prosecution agreement that explained the fine said only that ING acknowledged that "at least" $619 million was involved in the transactions described.
In general, sentencing guidelines provide a range of things to consider when calculating a corporate penalty, including the pervasiveness of the conduct and whether senior management participated in it, with the ability to discount a fine for companies who cooperate in an investigation and fix their problems.
But even the guidelines offer wide ranges to determine penalties, leaving prosecutors with the discretion to charge the case in a way that gets them to a penalty they seek.
Director: Paul Thomas Anderson.
Screenplay: Paul Thomas Anderson.
Starring: Joaquin Phoenix, Josh Brolin, Katherine Waterston, Owen Wilson, Reece Witherspoon, Benicio Del Toro, Martin Short, Eric Roberts, Michael Kenneth Williams, Jena Malone, Joanna Newsom, Serena Scott Thomas, Maya Rudolph, Hong Chau, Jordan Christian Hearn, Jeannie Berlin, Christopher Allen Nelson, Keith Jardine, Martin Dew, Jefferson Mays, Martin Donovan.
“Back when, she could go weeks without anything more complicated than a pout. Now she was laying some heavy combination of face ingredients on him that he couldn't read at all”
Do you know that feeling of anticipation you get whenever a respected director is releasing a new film? It's the same feeling that often surrounds Quentin Tarantino's releases. Well, I also get that feeling when I hear of a new Paul Thomas Anderson project and I'm pretty certain many others do too. That being said, Anderson's last two introspective films There Will Be Blood and The Master took him much further away from his earlier vibrant works of Boogie Nights and Magnolia and left a number of his fans finding them too onerous. Many may not agree but if he was ever to bridge that gap then Inherent Vice is that bridge.
It's 1971 in Gordita Beach, California, where private eye, Larry “Doc” Sportello conducts his gumshoe business. He's approached, out of the blue, by his ex, Shasta Fay Hepworth (Katherine Watertson) to search for her, recently vanished, new boyfriend and real-estate tycoon Mickey Wolfmann (Eric Roberts). Doc takes on the case but stumbles on a conspiracy that involves a whole host of corrupt characters and soon realises that things are certainly not as they seem.
Let's just begin by stating that Inherent Vice poses more questions than it actually answers. As a result, the film is downright perplexing – to say the least. The answers that can be found amidst it's dense cloud of cannabis smog are not easy to find and Anderson is in no mood to walk you through it either. In fact, during the opening scene where Doc is hired by his ex-girlfriend on a possible abduction case she wonders why he's not overly interested in the details, to which he responds “Don't worry. Thinking comes later”. And indeed it does come later. So much so, that you begin to wonder if your bewilderment is a direct result of your own drug addled, misspent youth.
What's very important to note is that the confusion is entirely intentional and a lot of events are possibly taking place in Doc's head which (as our overhead commentary informs us) are also influenced by the astrological alignments with Jupiter and other planetary systems. Let's face it, Doc's a Hippie and if his head wasn't a little drug infused and mashed up then we'd be reaching our whodunit conclusion a lot easier and smoother – and the film would be a lot duller as a result. This is what allows the story a creativity. All be it, a creativity that confuses the viewer. One minute he's watching two women getting it on at a massage parlour where you can purchase a pussy feast for $14.95 and the next he's, unsuspectingly, batted around the head only to wake up next to a dead body where the local police take an interest. The police interest takes shape in a hilarious turn from Josh Brolin's Lt. Det. “Bigfoot” Bjornsen who's described as an “old hippie-hating mad dog… SAG member, John Wayne walk, flat top of Flintstone proportions and that evil, little shit-twinkle in his eye that says Civil Rights Violations” – and he also seems to have some very expressive sexual urges that manifest in his eating of phallic, chocolate coated bananas.
By now, you'll have heard about the films mentioned in the same breath as Inherent Vice. It has an almost indecipherable plot like Howard Hawks' The Big Sleep; the same offbeat Hippie private-eye from Robert Altman's The Long Goodbye and the same pot-headed, labyrinthine confusion and humour of the Coen brothers' The Big Lebowski. I found the latter to hang heavily over Joaquin Phoenix's work. At times, it's hard to forget Jeff Bridges as Phoenix skilfully manages to channel his inner Dude and delivers a nuanced and, surprisingly, funny performance. None of the comparisons are inaccurate, however, as it's heavily influenced by them all, but Inherent Vice can admirably lay claim to carving it's own place among them.
Those well versed in Anderson's work will no doubt recognise his usual traits and ability to capture the times; in Boogie Nights you felt the fun-filled and erratic cocaine vibe of the 70's/80's disco scene. In Magnolia, you felt the burden and pain of dysfunctional families and relationships. In There Will Be Blood, you felt the weight of the depression and the greed of an oil baron. In The Master, you were transfixed by the cult and it's a charismatic leader and here, in Inherent Vice, you feel the hazy marijuana comforting your head, making it lazy and hard to process even the smallest detail. Anderson himself, knew about the complexity of Thomas Pynchon's 384 page novel (of which he personally, and painstakingly, deciphered and adapted) and even worried that it would be criticised as “Incoherent Vice“. There are numerous characters introduced, making it hard to work out who's who and plot strands drift off and go up in smoke quicker than Doc's joints. On a first viewing it can look like a mess but Shaun of the Dead director Edgar Wright summed it up nicely by calling it “Inherent Twice” as after reflection and a (very much required) second viewing, Inherent Vice, is a wonderful piece of work. In all honesty, it would take quite a number of viewings to fully comprehend it and even then you'll realise that some plot strands are intended to be pointless. There's a level of surrealism in many scenes that it only reinforces our “patchouli fart” perception of events. All before Anderson abandons the sharp humour for a most intense and explosive denouement that's very impressively handled.
It's hard to talk about the plot of the film as a) it would delve into spoiler territory and b) it's just too fuckin' hard to talk about in the first place, but there are so many positives from this film that it is disappointing to hear that many have chosen to judge it too soon. Whether it be “Incoherent Vice” or “Inherent Twice” is entirely up to the viewer. I can side, somewhat, with the former but absolutely agree with the latter. If the film can be described in two words I'd use the words of Doc Sportello himself… “Right On!”
Mark Walker
Trivia: This film's cast features show-biz connections that are inherently vice-like in their twining, including: the brother of the late River Phoenix, the brother of Luke Wilson, the brother of Julia Roberts, the sister of Kristin Scott Thomas, the daughter of Sam Waterston, the son of James Brolin, the daughter of Elaine May (Jeannie Berlin ), the wife of Andy Samberg (Joanna Newsom), and the partner of Paul Thomas Anderson (Maya Rudolph ).
Advertisements
The Longfellow Bridge here in Cambridge, built in 1906, is going to be partially shut down for the next three years. The project is forecast to cost about $260 million, though previous construction cost forecasts in Massachusetts have been optimistic (e.g., the Big Dig was originally planned at $2.8 billion but ended up costing close to $15 billion). The project has already generated some controversy due to the fact that Governor Deval Patrick imposed a rule that excluded non-union workers from contributing (Boston Globe editorial).
I was interested to know how the cost of renovating the bridge compared to the cost of its construction but none of the news articles on the subject of the bridge project mentioned the original cost. Nor does Wikipedia. I found a “Cambridge Bridge Commission Report” on archive.org that on pages 53 and 54 summarizes the cost. The “total paid for new bridge” was about $2.5 million. In today's dollars that's approximately $65 million. In other words, assuming that this project comes in within its budget, renovating the bridge will cost roughly 4X what it cost to build.
If you'd like to play with the figures, I hired Cristian Blendea of Bucharest, Romania (via Guru.com) to prepare an Excel spreadsheet with all of the numbers from the book: Longfellow-Bridge-Construction-Cost
[When the project is all done, the current four lanes for cars (two in each direction) will be reduced to three (just one lane from Boston to Cambridge), so if examined in terms of cost per lane of travel, it was $16.25 million to construct and will be $86.67 million to renovate, a 5X increase in cost.]
Darrell Romuld, CTV Regina
The Indianapolis Colts announced on Friday that they have reached an injury settlement with ex-CFL star Ben Heenan and placed him on waivers.
The Grand Coulee, Sask. native was carted off the field on Wednesday and an MRI on Friday revealed an injured meniscus that does require surgery. Heenan is expected to be out for the next four to six weeks.
“We like Ben. We like how he's wired. He's a tough guy, he's a smart guy, doesn't say a lot, he works extremely hard. So, he's shown us in a short period of time that he's been here that he's a guy that we'd love to have around and love to develop,” Colts Head Coach Chuck Pagano told the media on Friday, meaning a return to the Saskatchewan Roughriders or the CFL may be unlikely, as Heenan could get another look with the Colts once he's healed.
The Colts play their first pre-season game on Aug. 16 against the Philadelphia Eagles
Heenan signed with the Colts in February after spending three seasons with the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
He was the Riders first round pick in 2012.
Brody Miller putting the disc in the basket.
Ridiculous things happening.
There was a video that caught my eye a couple months back from the Oregon DGC (what up Alex!?) that highlighted some truly amazing putts and throw-ins from Portland's Brody Miller. I wanted to hunt this fella down and pick his brain for thoughts on his short game. A little cyber-stalking later and he'd agreed to share some knowledge with us. Of course my work schedule (and his) slowed things down a bit, so I had HeavyDisc corespondent / bird lawyer / disc golf buddy Kyle O'Neill step in to ask some questions.So thanks to Kyle and Brody for the following interview. First though, check out this insanity.Typically when I practice putt I will have a handful of putters all exactly the same. I like to practice different styles from different distances. I straddle putt from 10, 15, 20 feet, etc; and putt standard stance from 10, 15, 20 feet, etc. I usually like to putt from one spot until I make 30 without missing.I'm glad you asked. My approach game is pretty strong. My home courses are very short, I will often "disc down" rather than throw a driver soft. I will throw a midrange or a putter, doing so gives me better control and accuracy. They typically have better control in windy conditions over drivers on short throws.Playing for Latitude 64 I have great options for putters. I have a great relationship with my zero hard Pure for the majority of my putting needs inside of 50 feet. Outside of that I will typically use a zero medium Pure. Anytime I am outside of 40 feet I will use a modified jump putt for which a zero medium Pure allows me to apply extra spin. When throwing approaches or putter tee shots I use a zero medium Pure or opto Pure. These are not only very controllable but very durable as well. They all have the exact same feel in the hand, which I find to be very helpful with consistency. To compensate for wind I will typically change the angle of release rather than the disc.The wind, gaps in the trees, trouble or ob around greens, and distance all influence the lines and angles I use during a jump putt. On uphill or longer putts I tend to use a jump putt. On a downhill putt I won't usually jump at all. On flat ground outside of 40 feet I will use a modified jump putt.We all miss. It is a game of minimizing our mistakes. If you go into a round knowing you will have misses, hopefully, when you do miss it will not affect your next shot. We would all love to make every shot, but the reality is even the best players in the world miss. Typically it's the recovery of that miss that makes them great. In my mind, when I miss, making the next shot is the most important thing.The best advice someone once gave me was about staying positive. If you can stay positive in the worst of situations or bad rounds then you cannot be defeated. You might not win the round or the event but you will have a better chance than the people hanging their heads in defeat. During the Ken Climo era I think everyone wanted to putt the way he did. I would watch videos and try to emulate his style. Growing up with a father that played great disc golf, as well, I certainly picked up some of his style. More than anything I have always tried to do what's most comfortable.
NYU Professor of Finance David Yermack lays out the reasons that the pleas for a federal bailout coming from Detroit should go unanswered.
First, as Yermack notes, all of the so-called Big Three have wasted a tremendous amount of capital over the years investing in a failing business model:
Over the past decade, the capital destruction by GM has been breathtaking, on a greater scale than documented by Mr. Jensen for the 1980s. GM has invested $310 billion in its business between 1998 and 2007. The total depreciation of GM's physical plant during this period was $128 billion, meaning that a net $182 billion of society's capital has been pumped into GM over the past decade — a waste of about $1.5 billion per month of national savings. The story at Ford has not been as adverse but is still disheartening, as Ford has invested $155 billion and consumed $8 billion net of depreciation since 1998. As a society, we have very little to show for this $465 billion. At the end of 1998, GM's market capitalization was $46 billion and Ford's was $71 billion. Today both firms have negligible value, with share prices in the low single digits. Both are facing imminent bankruptcy and delisting from the major stock exchanges. Along with management, the companies' unions and even their regulators in Washington may have their own culpability, a topic that merits its own separate discussion. Yet one can only imagine how the $465 billion could have been used better — for instance, GM and Ford could have closed their own facilities and acquired all of the shares of Honda, Toyota, Nissan and Volkswagen. The implications of this story for Washington policymakers are obvious. Investing in the major auto companies today would be throwing good money after bad.
Second, Yermack notes that both of the major arguments in favor of bailing out General Motors, Ford, and/or Chrylser don't stand up to scrutiny:
Two main arguments are being raised to justify a government rescue of the auto industry. First, large numbers of jobs may be at stake, perhaps as many as three million if one counts all the other firms that supply the Big Three. This greatly overstates the situation. Americans are not going to stop driving cars, and if GM, Ford and Chrysler disappear, other companies will expand to soak up their market share, adding jobs in the process. Many suppliers will also stay in business to satisfy the residual demand for spare parts even if the Detroit manufacturers go under. If the government wants to spend $25 billion to protect autoworkers, it would do better to transfer the money to them directly (perhaps by cutting each worker a check for $10,000) rather than by keeping their unproductive employer in business.
In other words, even if all three of the Detroit automakers went out of business tomorrow, there woul still be a tremendous physical plant, distribution network, and parts-supply relationship that someone — be it a Toyota, Honda, or Nissan, or maybe an impudent little company in India or China seeing an opportunity across the Pacific — would be eager to snap up. Americans would still be employed in the auto industry, they'd just be working for someone else — presumably someone who had a better idea of how to run a car company.
Yermack goes on:
Second, it is suggested that the failures of the U.S. financial industry, which have cost us something like $700 billion, justify bailouts of other sectors of the economy. This makes no sense. If the government diverts our national savings into businesses that have long track records of destroying investment capital, eventually we'll end up with an economy like France's — or Zimbabwe's. Other arguments are on the table as well. Some see the troubles at GM and Ford as opportunities to retool the auto industry to produce environmentally friendly cars. Given their long track records of lobbying against fuel economy standards and producing oversized gas guzzlers, this suggestion seems ridiculous, sort of like asking cigarette companies to help with cancer research.
In the long run, as Yermack points out, the troubles at the Big Three are little more than a reflection of the fact that the American auto industry — at least in terms of the industry personified by Detroit — is a dinosaur that has not been able to retool itself to compete in the modern world.
Propping it up isn't going to help anyone.
This Week In Servo 29
In the past three weeks, we merged 170 pull requests.
Servo has another browser chrome! Say hello to servo-shell, an interface written with HTML, leveraging the mozbrowser API.
Try it out! At the most recent meeting, we discussed making this the default UI for ./mach run .
html5ever celebrated its first birthday! Keegan published a project update with some plans for the future. h5e's newest sibling is tendril, a multitalented string type!
If your favorite website looks wrong in Servo, you can help us figure out why! Glenn wrote up a detailed guide on getting started working on Servo's layout code, with some useful tips for minimizing test cases. We are also working on automatic minimization via “abstract reftests”.
###Notable additions
###New contributors
###Screenshots
A visualization of parallel layout on servo-shell + /r/rust:
The colored boxes indicate which CPU core performed layout for each document node. The box around the active tab spinner is askew, because the spinner is a still image styled with transform: rotate(...) .
###Meetings
We had meetings on March 16th and March 30th. We discussed servo-shell, getting the PR queue under control, and restricting non-standard APIs like <iframe mozbrowser> . We also talked about the status of Servo on Android; there are now “nightly” APK builds but they don't work yet.
We've had a lot of discussions recently about the project's goals and plans for Q2. After months of landing new features at an incredible rate, Q2 is going to focus more on details: performance improvements, fixing compatibility bugs, and paying down technical debt. We'd like to find websites / create demos that showcase Servo's advantages in a way that's relevant to users.
We're also going to work on security. This means finding and fixing issues, but also documenting what we don't fix yet. Josh is going to upgrade our ancient version of SpiderMonkey, which is important for security and for the future of Servo in general.
BENGALURU: More than a quarter of the total geographic area (TGA)-96.4 million hectares (mha) or 29.32%-in India is undergoing degradation as per decadal information compiled for the the period 2011-13, posing a major challenge to the country's commitment to the UN of achieving a land degradation neutral status by 2030.The information is for the years 2011-13, as per the Desertification and Land Degradation Atlas, released in June by Isro Space Applications Centre (SAC) using remore sensing data. The Atlas was commissioned by the ministry of environment, Forests and Climate Change.India has managed to reclaim about 1.87mha of land that was under degradation in 2003-05 period, but that has been offset by nearly double the area of productive land (3.63mha) lost to degradation from then to 2011-13.The most significant process of degradation is water erosion (loss of soil cover mainly due to rainfall and surface runoff water) at 10.98%, followed by vegetation degradation (mainly as deforestation) at 8.91% and wind erosion (denotes the spread of sand by various processes) at 5.55%.Of the 96.4mha, just nine states, Rajasthan, Maharashtra, Gujarat, Jammu & Kashmir, Karnataka, Jharkhand, Odisha, Madhya Pradesh and Telangana account for 23.95% of land degradation, while all other remaining states are had less than 1% each of degradation.Further, 25% or 82,64mha of the land is under desertification (prolonged degradation). From 2002-05, the increase in area under desertification is 1.16mha. The most significant processes of desertification in arid region is observed to be wind erosion and in semi-arid and dry sub-humid regions vegetation degradation and water erosion dominates.Land degradation of such magnitude also raises concerns of food security. CP Rajendran, a senior scientist at the Jawaharlal Nehru Centre for Advanced Scientific Research (JNCASR), who has published several papers on land change and even been part of an Unesco project in 2013, says that loss of topsoil, especially is a matter of grave concern."Earlier, soil loss was a slow process which took millions of years. Now, we have managed to change that in just a few decades, but the natural time for the soil to regain what it loses is still as long. So we must take up stalling of degradation on priority," he said."There must be a clear policy on reforestation and harvesting of water. As the atlas points out, the usefulness of land is slowly decreasing and that is never a good sign for us," he added.Dr DJ Bagyaraj, the only Indian scientist on the Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) Working Committee on the UN's initiative for a Global Soil Partnership programme, says: "We are not returning the nutrients that we end up using from the land (soil). We cannot use land as if it has an endless pool of resources.""...Add to this, the introduction of xenobiotics (man-made chemicals and other materials) for increased yield and so on and we are staring at irreparable damages. The natural bio-organisms cannot degrade these alien materials and they affect land," he said.India, which is a signatory to the United Nations Convention on Combating Desertification (UNCCD) has been trying to reserve such phenomena, but in vain. The status of India's desertification and land degradation is an important contribution to India's report to the UNCCD.Isro has said that the maps and salient findings compiled in the form of Atlas are meant for a ready reference to be used by concerned policymakers, regional planners and researchers."The geospatial database along with corresponding satellite data can be easily used for regional planning and to the ongoing National Action Plans (NAP) and Sustainable Land and Ecosystem Management (SLEM) programme for combating desertification/land degradation and can be easily updated in future," Isro has said.
The prolific Seattle writer of true-crime books brought serial killer Ted Bundy, The Green River Killer and Diane Downs to national attention.
True-crime writer Ann Rule, whose catalog of more than 30 books included a profile of a former co-worker, serial killer Ted Bundy, has died at age 83.
Ms. Rule died Sunday night (July 26). Her daughter, author Leslie Rule, wrote on her Facebook page that her mother had many health issues, including congestive heart failure. She died a few days after being hospitalized.
“My mom died peacefully last night,” Leslie Rule posted on Monday. “She got to see all of her children, grandchildren and great grandchildren.”
Ms. Rule broke out with her first book, “The Stranger Beside Me,” published in 1980. In it she profiled Bundy, whom she got to know while sharing the late shift at a Seattle suicide hotline. Bundy, who was executed in 1989 in Florida, confessed to 30 homicides in several states.
Ms. Rule's books mainly focused on crimes committed in the Pacific Northwest.
The most notable also included “Small Sacrifices,” about Diane Downs, a Southern Oregon woman convicted of shooting her three children, killing one and seriously wounding two; “The Lust Killer,” about shoe fetishist and necrophiliac Jerome Brudos, of Salem, Ore.; and “The I-5 Killer,” tracing the case of Randall Woodfield, a Newport, Ore., high-school football star and former Green Bay Packers draftee who found his victims on the I-5 corridor.
Some 20 million copies of her books have sold.
Ms. Rule said she was fascinated by killers' lives, going back to their childhoods to find clues to why they did what they did. In an interview with The Seattle Times in 2004, she talked about how her books tapped into our need to know.
“I wanted to know why some kids grew up to be criminals and why other people didn't. That is still the main thrust behind my books: I want to know why these things happen, and so do my readers,” she said then.
J.B. Dickey, owner of the Seattle Mystery Book Shop in downtown Seattle, said Ms. Rule did more than 15 book signings in the store throughout her career.
“She was a very popular writer,” he said Monday night. “It's a difficult thing to say exactly why true-crime books are as popular as they are. I'm sure there's some type of grisly schadenfreude aspect to it.”
He added: “She had a knack for getting under the skin of the killers and the victims to really make them well-rounded characters and people. They weren't just flat figures on a page.”
She was first published in magazines such as True Crime, under male pen names such as Andy Stack because her editors said “readers won't believe that a woman knows anything about police,” she told The Seattle Times. That changed some years later, after she earned an associate of arts degree in police sciences. By then, editors told her, she knew as much as any male authors, or homicide detectives, she said.
The FBI and other law enforcement started turning to her for her expertise on serial murders, and in one of her most famous exploits, she aided the Green River Task Force in its search for Gary L. Ridgway, then known simply as The Green River Killer. She passed along tips from her readers and ultimately wrote a book about Ridgway called “Green River, Running Red.” Ridgway was caught in 2001 in Renton and was convicted of 49 murders, making him America's worst serial killer.
The former King County sheriff who investigated the Green River cases, U.S. Rep Dave Reichert, R-Auburn, issued a statement calling Ms. Rule “a good friend.” “I'm sorry to hear of her passing,” he wrote. “But I know her legacy and story will live on through her prolific writing. My thoughts and prayers are with her family.”
At 21, Ms. Rule went to work at the Seattle Police Department.
“We are deeply saddened to learn the news of Ann Rule's passing,” the SPD said in news release. “Ann was a pioneer in American policing, joining the Seattle Police Department's Women's Bureau prior to pursuing her passion for writing in 1969 … She will truly be missed.”
Ms. Rule was an advocate for victims as well. Carolyn Reidy, president and CEO of Simon & Schuster, which published Ms. Rule's books, noted, “She will be remembered not only for her many books, but also for her ongoing and tireless work on behalf of victims rights.”
Near the end of her life she was in the news because of her family. In April 2015, her two sons were charged with bilking her out of $100,000.
Ann Rule was born Ann Stackhouse in Lowell, Mich. Her mother was a teacher, specializing in developmentally disabled children, and her father was a coach, but law enforcement also ran in her family: Both her grandfather and one uncle were sheriffs, another uncle was a medical examiner, and one cousin was a prosecutor. During several summers growing up with her grandparents, Ms. Rule did volunteer work in the local jail, helping her grandmother prepare meals for the prisoners.
She earned a bachelor's degree from the University of Washington in creative writing, with minors in psychology, criminology and penology.
Albany Park diversion tunnel will reduce flooding on North Side
When it rains near Shylo Bisnett's Albany Park apartment, she often stays awake for hours watching the rain gauge and worried about her home flooding.
Responding to residents' concerns after the 2008 and 2013 floods that affected hundreds of households, the city drafted a plan for a diversion tunnel that will move water from Albany Park and reduce the risk for catastrophic flooding that has displaced so many residents.
On Saturday, officials from the Chicago Department of Transportation, the Metropolitan Water Reclamation District of Greater Chicago and 39th Ward Ald. Margaret Laurino announced that “blasting operations” were complete.
Blasting operations for the construction of the intake shaft of the Albany Park Stormwater Diversion Tunnel Project are now complete; the blasting at the outflow shaft in River Park was finished in March. The two 150-foot deep shafts will be connected by a mile-long tunnel bored under Foster Avenue that moves excess storm water to the North Shore Channel, which has a greater capacity to hold the overflow than the North Branch of the Chicago River.
A tunnel boring machine, installed at the outflow shaft earlier this year, has excavated just over half the tunnel, which is expected to be finished later this year. Work is underway to connect the intake shaft to the river bank at Foster, just north of Springfield Avenue.
“With this, we won't have to rely on the city to sandbag or monitor weather pattern changes,” said Bisnett, who has lived in the area for 15 years. “This is really a long-term, permanent solution that will stabilize and increase property values because we won't be nervous all of the time.”
So far, the project is on budget and scheduled to meet its May 2018 deadline, officials said. It will be able to hold 2,300 cubic feet of water per second, Rebekah Scheinfeld, CDOT Commissioner said. That's half the volume of water that comes through the North Branch of the Chicago River.
“This means that the residents of Albany Park aren't going to have sleepless nights,” Laurino said. “It was very disturbing to know that we couldn't fight mother nature under the circumstances, but we think that we came up with a plan now that is going to address this.”
President-elect Donald Trump addresses an audience at Crown Coliseum on December 6, 2016 in Fayetteville, North Carolina. Trump took time off from selecting the cabinet for his incoming administration to celebrate his victory in the general election. Getty/ Sara D. Davis Despite being "fired" as host of NBC's "Celebrity Apprentice," President-elect Donald Trump will remain an executive producer on the upcoming season hosted by Arnold Schwarzenegger.
MGM, the production studio behind the show, confirmed to Variety that Trump will remain an executive producer on the show that made him famous for a per-episode salary in the low five figures. Additionally, Trump gets a cut of the show's profits.
When the new iteration of "Celebrity Apprentice" returns on January 2, the president-elect's name will appear in the credits for the reality show after show creator Mark Burnett and before Schwarzenegger.
It's unclear at this point how Trump will structure payments from the show while serving as president. Variety pointed out that presidents have earned money aside from their government salary before. For example, Obama wrote a book, "Of Thee I Sing: A Letter to My Daughters," and donated the royalties to a charity benefitting the children of military veterans.
MGM refused to comment to Variety on the financials surrounding his producer role on "Apprentice" and NBC declined to comment.
Trump has had a long-standing, complicated relationship with NBC. While Trump claims he walked away from "Apprentice" to run for president, NBC maintained it had cut its business ties with Trump after he made insulting comments about Mexican immigrants during his 2015 announcement of his presidential run. That included removing him as host of "Apprentice" and refusing to air the Miss Universe pageants, which Trump used to own.
This new financial turn arrives just as Trump is still in the process of settling his role with his many businesses. Currently the chairman and president of the Trump Organization, Trump said he would discuss his plans at a December 15 press conference in New York City with his children, to whom he has said he plans to leave control of his business. However, The New York Times reported on Wednesday that Trump intends to keep a stake in the business.
The CCIA, which represents global tech firms including Google, Facebook and Microsoft, is urging the U.S. Government not to place any domain name registrars on the yearly overview of piracy-facilitating markets. According to the tech giants, registrars and other third party providers are not liable for the actions of their users.
Earlier this month several copyright holder groups submitted their overviews of “notorious markets” to the U.S. Trade Representative (USTR).
The U.S. Government uses this input to provide an overview of threats to various copyright industries. The list usually includes well-known piracy sites such as The Pirate Bay, but last year it also mentioned Canadian domain name registrar Tucows.
This year the MPAA and RIAA kept up the pressure with their latest submissions. Both groups again identified domain name registrars as possible piracy facilitators.
The inclusion of domain name registrars is a dangerous development according to the Computer & Communications Industry Association (CCIA), which counts Google, Facebook and Microsoft among its members.
The CCIA submitted a rebuttal to the USTR this week in which they outline their concerns.
“CCIA is deeply concerned with comments requesting that domain registrars be branded as ‘notorious markets' and included on USTR's list of notorious markets,” the group writes. “Domain registrars are not notorious markets.”
The tech companies explain that third party service providers enjoy broad immunity from copyright infringement claims, as defined by U.S. law.
USTR's decision to include domain registrars was based in misleading input from copyright holder groups, CCIA notes. Copyright holders argue that ICANN's RAA agreement requires registrars to take specific action against alleged abuse, but the tech companies refute that.
“Although some rightsholders have argued that ICANN should deputize registrars as copyright enforcement agents, USTR should not be giving credence, either directly or implicitly, to these misinterpretations of the RAA and the proper role of registrars,” they write.
The MPAA and RIAA went beyond domain registrars in their latest filings and also argued that other service providers should play a more active role in countering online piracy. This includes CCIA member Cloudflare, who has many “notorious” sites among their customers.
CCIA also opposes this request and warns against measures that would involve third-party companies in regulating and policing the Internet, drawing a comparison to the defeated SOPA and PIPA bills.
“Rightsholders have a wide variety of tools to reduce intellectual property infringement. USTR should not allow intellectual property enforcement efforts to interfere with fundamental Internet infrastructure, or undermine the intermediary liability limitations that the U.S. Internet economy is built on.
“Domain registrars, and other third party online intermediaries, do not belong on USTR's notorious markets list,” CCIA concludes.
The rebuttal and other submissions will form the basis of the U.S. Government's Special 301 Out-of-Cycle Review of Notorious Markets, which is expected to come out later this year.
They share a lot more than improbable hair. Also, Trump once fired Blago on `The Apprentice.'
Former Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich in Chicago in 2012. (Photo: Charles Rex Arbogast, AP)
On the morning of Barack Obama's historic 2008 presidential victory, disgraced Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich was feeling left out. According to evidence presented in the governor's federal corruption trial, Blagojevich called a staffer that morning to complain about his infinitesimal 13% approval rating. Despite the criminal investigations targeting him, Blagojevich still considered himself the "people's governor," but was angry at voters for holding him in such low regard.
His private message to Illinois citizens? "So f*** all of you."
Typically, such a sentiment makes for a sub-optimal campaign slogan. So Blagojevich turned to someone who he thought could help rehabilitate his image: businessman Donald Trump, who had donated $7,000 to Blagojevich over the previous decade. Trump seemed to sympathize with Blago, calling it a "tragedy" when the corrupt governor was sentenced to 14 years in federal prison in 2011.
In 2010, Trump had agreed to bring Blagojevich on to his television show, The Celebrity Apprentice, giving the former governor a chance to plead his innocence to the nation. "I'm competing because I've been wronged and maliciously accused of things I didn't do," Blago says in the show's first episode. "Governor, you have a hell of a lot of guts," Trump tells him later in the show.
"I have friends where things happen to them, they crawl into a corner, they die. You're out there punching," Trump adds.
Admittedly, now that Trump has risen to be the nation's chief executive, the temptation to compare the two is tantalizing. The personal characteristics they share are evident: inveterate narcissism, hopeless delusion, coarse speaking styles, insatiable tastes for revenge and improbable hair.
Of course, Trump is not Blago. The president hasn't been convicted of selling off U.S. Senate appointments or holding up funds for hospital construction until he gets sacks of cash in exchange. As detailed in Illinois reporter Natasha Korecki's 2013 book about the Blagojevich trial, one Blago aide testified that the governor tried to block Citibank from getting state business as retaliation for refusing to grant his wife Patti a job.
But while it would be unfair to convict Trump of crimes he hasn't committed, he has continued to take actions that lend themselves to pay-for-play-type skullduggery.
For instance, both men have made a living trying to punish the media for unfavorable coverage. After a series of unfavorable editorials in The Chicago Tribune, Blagojevich allegedly threatened to withhold state funding for a Wrigley Field renovation until a member of the Tribune editorial board was fired (the Tribune owned the Chicago Cubs at the time). Trump famously said he wants to "open up" libel laws to make it easier to sue the media.
But perhaps more concerning is Trump's rapid moves to consolidate power within his own office. Trump ran as someone who unilaterally could make wide-ranging decisions, and his executive actions to date have reflected that — his travel ban from certain Muslim-majority countries, for instance, came as a surprise to legislative leaders and law enforcement alike.
POLICING THE USA: A look at race, justice, media
Yet while few have risen to Blagojevich-level stupidity, his example shows what can happen when too many decisions are consolidated into the hands of too few people. In both cases, these men have surrounded themselves with family members — Blagojevich's brother Rob was initially tried for enabling his criminal enterprise, while Trump is reportedly relying heavily on his children for advice. All while his children ostensibly run Trump's business interests that still span the globe.
Attacking the press, grabbing decision-making power and insulating yourself in a world of self-delusion are all straight out of the corruption playbook. And Trump hasn't displayed a single characteristic that leads anyone to believe he would be immune to the temptations of political payback and favoritism. As Blagojevich once said, making tough decisions is a test of one's "testicular virility" — not hard to imagine who else could have coined such a ribald maxim.
Playing on the unique brand of political corruption found in Illinois' biggest city, Korecki titled her excellent book Only in Chicago. We'll see if that remains the case.
Christian Schneider, a member of USA TODAY's Board of Contributors, is a columnist for the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, where this piece first appeared. Follow him on Twitter @schneider_cm
You can read diverse opinions from our Board of Contributors and other writers on the Opinion front page, on Twitter @USATOpinion and in our daily Opinion newsletter. To submit a letter, comment or column, check our submission guidelines.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k4cCEt
Fans of The Bridge missing their dose of Saga Noren will be pleased to hear that creator Hans Rosenfeldt is on board for another series.
Advertisement
“Hopefully, it's absolutely possible,” he told RadioTimes.com, adding that a final decision would be made next month.
“People want to do it, it's a matter of money and time,” he said.
Sofia Helin (pictured), who plays leather trouser-wearing tortured detective Saga in the Scandi drama, is up for a fourth series, he added. Although it appears she may have needed some initial persuading. “She wants to now,” added the writer enigmatically.
Rosenfeldt himself also appears to have had a slight change of heart about a fourth series.
Last November he told RadioTimes.com: “It's hard to say, I actually think three seasons is quite good. I think there are a few shows that have been going on a little too long actually. So three or perhaps four seasons. I don't think there should be a season nine of The Bridge, I don't think that's a good idea. The Killing did three, Borgen did three, Denmark has a history of making successful crime shows in threes.”
The third series saw Helin's Saga without Martin Rohde, her partner from the first two seasons played by Kim Bodnia. Saga was given a new partner, Henrik Sabroe, played by Thure Lindhardt.
The last we saw of Saga her future as a policewoman hung in the balance after she was accused of killing her mother.
Before he begins work on any more episodes of The Bridge, however, Rosenfeldt's first UK drama will air on ITV in April.
Marcella is a dark and taut police thriller starring Anna Friel as a tenacious cop on the hunt for a serial killer in London.
Rosenfeldt said that he would like to do more Marcella series – should ITV want them – but that any commitments he has in the UK won't prevent a Bridge series four.
Advertisement
Marcella begins on ITV in April
Valve has removed the indie shooter Art of Stealth from Steam, claiming that developer Matan Cohen tried to rig the system by posting fake reviews of the game, casting it in a positive light. These sorts of shenanigans are a pretty big deal, and fly in the face of not just Steam's review policy, but also basic decency, and ethical behavior.
The developer posted about these 'rumors' of fake accounts one day before the game was taken down, writing:
There are rumors in this forum about fake accounts which are used for writing positive reviews. Some members really think that we, the developers of Art of Stealth, are generating fake accounts to post positive reviews about our own game. So, I want to stop this ridiculous rumor immediately and explain what is going on the store page. A few friends of mine who study computer science with me in the university have decided to join Steam in order to support this game by posting positive reviews. My friends love Art of Stealth and they told me that some members from this forum post annoying comments on their reviews, only because they are positive. I want to ask from everyone - please don't do it anymore. My friends don't deserve to find a dozen comments on their review page every day.
Apparently Valve decided otherwise. Here's the company's full statement on the matter:
We (Valve) have identified unacceptable behavior involving multiple Steam accounts controlled by the developer of this game, Matan Cohen. The developer appears to have created multiple Steam accounts to post a positive review for their own game. This is a clear violation of our review policy and something we take very seriously. For these reasons, we are ending our business relationship with Matan Cohen and removing this game from sale. If you have previously purchased this game, it will remain accessible in your Steam library.
Jim Sterling, who is doing god's work by pointing out the worst of the worst on Steam and elsewhere, had a few harsh words for Art of Stealth which you can watch him play, and bash, below:
I really wish I had played this game before it was removed from Steam. It looks...unique.
In any case, the developer responded to Sterling's critique by filing a DMCA request with YouTube, claiming that Sterling violated copyright laws, and generally freaked out rather than just ignoring the criticism (or better yet, taking something useful from it.) Of course this attitude backfired, earning Art of Stealth even more scorn and ill will from an already antagonistic community.
Matan Cohen obviously didn't learn the lessons of developer Digital Homicide, who waged a months-long campaign against Jim Sterling for similar reasons, devoting time and energy toward waging a war against a critic rather than making better games. Finally, Digital Homicide attempted to have a court reveal the true identities of 100 Steam users who left bad reviews on the developer's games. Unsurprisingly, Valve quickly took down the developer's games from Steam, in what can only be described as a self-fulfilling prophecy. The developer says it now plans to sue Valve as well, because some people never learn.
In any case, Art of Stealth is now gone from Steam as well. Judging by Sterling's video, this is no great loss to the gaming community. I wonder if developers will continue to die on their own swords this way, or learn that making a bad game doesn't mean you deserve to be shielded from criticism.
Nobody is entitled to a free pass. Take your lumps and move on.
General Electric Co. announced Thursday that it will cut 12,000 jobs from power division amid a global softening of electricity demand and the switch from coal and other fossil fuels.
"The plans announced today are driven by challenges in the power market worldwide," the manufacturing giant said. "Traditional power markets including gas and coal have softened. Volumes are down significantly in products and services driven by overcapacity, lower utilization, fewer outages, an increase in steam plant retirements, and overall growth in renewables."
The company said Thursday that the cuts will "right-size" GE Power amid the transition taking place in the power markets. The job cuts will save the company $1 billion, it said.
Related: EPA chief wants to replace Obama's Clean Power Plan, not just kill it
"This decision was painful but necessary for GE Power to respond to the disruption in the power market," said GE Power head Russell Stokes.
"Power will remain a work in progress in 2018," he said. "We expect market challenges to continue, but this plan will position us for 2019 and beyond."
Stokes added that at its core, GE Power remains "a strong business.” He said the company generates more than 30 percent of the world's electricity while providing the equipment to 90 percent of transmission utilities globally.
Further interest rate cuts risk making property even less affordable in Australia's two biggest cities, according to a range of experts, and would intensify dangerous imbalances already building in the economy.
Although stopping short of calling it a housing bubble, they say double-digit price growth in Sydney is unsustainable, is widening the gap between rich and poor and has no tangible flow-on benefits to other parts of the economy. Melbourne also has a frothy market, they say.
Getting worse: Australia's housing affordability has worsened, OECD figures show. Credit:Melanie Dove
"Neither economic nor social good would be done by a further surge in house prices from present levels," said Bank of America Merrill Lynch Australian economist Saul Eslake.
"It might make people feel better, but since people are no longer willing to borrow against gains in the value of their properties in order to spend more widely, there is no economic benefit, there's no wealth effect. There is also social harm done by locking an increasing proportion of younger generations out of home ownership and widening the wealth gap between those who own a property and those who don't," he said.
More on the Toms River, New Jersey haunted rental house.
Are renters spooked by ghost house? | The Asbury Park Press NJ | APP.com.
…the family and Lopez [are] consider[ing] an offer to air their case on the television program “The People's Court,” which has offered to cover all fees and judgments regardless of who wins if the parties agree to sign a contract to settle the matter on the show, Callan said. David A. Semanchik, attorney for Lopez, said real estate agents acting on behalf of his client will be legally bound in the future to disclose to all prospective tenants that previous residents claimed the house is haunted. “Plaintiffs have made claims concerning the property which are unfounded and which have led to media attention,” Lopez's counter-claim reads. “Upon information and belief, the value of the property has decreased as a result of plaintiff's action and statements.”
Source: APP
All parties are claiming that media attention has been detrimental to themselves and it is stigmatizing the property. But they want to solve the case on a television courtroom show? Oh the hypocrisy…
This case has been blown so far out of proportion. I'm still shocked that no one has called in skeptical paranormal investigators to look into the claims and see if they can either truly document some strange activity or determine there is none or that there is some normal explanation. THIS SEEMS SO OBVIOUS. Why has it not been done? The landlord would have evidence to counter the claims and if it turns out to be paranormal, then it's a cash cow!
This story is endlessly confusing to me.
Dear Mr. Lopez, please contact me and I can set you up with some critical thinking investigators so we might get to the bottom of this fiasco.
Original news story.
UPDATE: (4-May-2012) This IS going to The People's Court. How appropriate. Let it ALL play out, start to finish, in the media circus.
Both parties have agreed to have their case heard on the nationally syndicated television program, “The People's Court.” Kerstin Augur, publicist for the show, confirmed Wednesday that the case will be heard today before Judge Marilyn Milian in the program's New York studio.
Harmanpreet Kaur became the first India Women's cricketer to be signed by an overseas Twenty20 franchise after inking a deal with the WBBL champions Sydney Thunder for the 2016-17 season.
The confirmation on Saturday ends speculation that began with Anurag Thakur, the BCCI president, announcing in June that Harmanpreet had sealed the deal.
"We are delighted to secure a player of the calibre of Harmanpreet," Nick Cummins, the Sydney Thunder's general manager, said on Saturday. "She was on the top of our target list, and we are very pleased that the BCCI has released her to play in Australia.
"Sydney Thunder prides itself on being an innovator in Australian cricket, so it is a real fillip for the club to have signed the first Indian international to play Big Bash cricket in Australia."
Harmanpreet, India Women's vice-captain, is said to have received an offer from three teams - including the Sydney Sixers, the runners-up in the inaugural season - before zeroing in on the Thunder.
With a cap of two overseas players allowed in the playing XI of each side, Harmanpreet said her interest in the Thunder was driven by her desire to get significant match time. Currently, Stafanie Taylor, West Indies Women's World T20-winning captain, is the only other overseas professional on their roster.
"It's a great feeling" Harmanpreet was quoted as saying in a press release. "The WBBL is a great platform for women's cricketers. Being the first player from my country to sign a contract for a BBL club is one of my best moments.
"I was looking at a franchise where I would have opportunities to showcase my talent. That's why I was keen on Sydney Thunder. My aim is to serve my team to win the WBBL title for the second time in a row. Playing with the best players against the best players is always a great feeling. I would definitely learn a lot of things from them all."
Harmanpreet, 27, has featured in 118 internationals across formats, and impressed during India's tour of Australia in January, when she made a 31-ball 46 to help India record their highest-ever T20 chase. She was one of India's better performers in a disappointing World T20 campaign at home in March-April.
It started with one, 700 years ago. A solitary cutler first plying his trade in Sheffield. And so it ends with one. A single master cutler, laying aside his craft, after more than 21,000 days at the bench. A person's working life has a beginning and an end, and for Trevor Ablett, 2015 marks the final chapter.
In retiring, Ablett full stops an industry that built a city. An industry that, cheek by jowl with steel, employed tens of thousands, placing Sheffield on the map of Britain and the world.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
But how could he know, even have guessed in 1957, that the callow 15 year old who took his first steps in the cutlers world would be the final thread. For he was one of many, and the industry was still in its pomp. Yet nearly six decades after first clocking-on, his clocking-off draws a strand of history to a close. Trevor is the last of Sheffield's Little Mesters (colloquial for Little Masters) still pursuing his trade in the manner of the cutlers of yesteryear. Craftsmen who where involved in every step of the knife making process.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Trevor hand makes pocket-knives. It's all he's ever known, and at 73yrs old he still works 70hrs a week, 7 days a week. “They're just ordinary working knives. Ones yeh use, wear out, and chuck away. Nothing fancy, like.” Simple in name only, for the materials, craftsmanship, and finish, give them a personality and presence that marks them as anything but ordinary. And whilst a threadbare gaggle of Sheffield firms still produce a limited amount of pocket-knives – like Egginton Bros, and Arthur Wright & Son - none labour in the solitary manner of the original Little Mesters. Only Trevor.
This original mode of work had gradually disappeared by the turn of the 19th century - reflecting advances in industrialisation, which saw escalating order sizes and increases in product complexity. The repercussions of such developments were significant for these master cutlers, with a shift from generalisation towards specialities in a fixed skill, such as grinding or finishing, and in specific industry areas, like pocket-knives or surgical instruments. Yet these Little Mesters would remain the backbone of the industry for many years, until economies of scale and tight margins devoured them. And their industry.
Working out of a ramshackle old barracks near Sheffield's Bramall Lane, he fills a space many before have occupied - a man, a bench, his tools, and the knife. His universe. “I've been lucky, me hobby is also me livin'. And it's never been boring, each knife is different, each has its own problems. That's why I still love making a knife from scratch, there's no better feeling.” Usually working with batches of 20 knives, if he were to work on a lone knife it would take him some three hours to complete. To watch him work is to see time collapsed into an instant. A solitary blink. The 15yr old boy, the 73yr old man. Memories are carried within his every action, and in that moment he is one man, and he is every man whoever walked in to the cutler's world.
Having left school with nothing but memories for his efforts, Trevor was offered a job at his uncle Emil's cutlery firm, JY Cowlishaw, “I didn't know what to do, but I wasn't going to be a doctor that was fer sure. Luckily me uncle Emil gave me a job wi him.” He spent the next decade with Emil, learning each step on the path to producing a knife, until an argument and youthful folly led him to leave. But he didn't go far. Simply letting gravity take him downstairs and into the arms of A Myers & Co. cutthroat razor manufacturers, who occupied the building's ground floor.
Five years later, Trevor found himself making the journey in reverse, time having put his family disagreement to rest. And so it would have continued, but for the tragic death of uncle Emil and his wife in a car accident. “What a character Emil was. He'd come from Poland during the war and never left. He is built like a brick, solid, and the hardest worker I ever met.”
The tragedy, and a suggestion from his mentor Harry Wragg, saw Trevor strike out under his own mark, TW Ablett, in 1980. “Harry were a great cutler, and taught me everything I know. I owe it all to him. He says to me, 'Trevor I'll show you how to make a decent pocket knife. One that'll sell'. And he did.”
Taking out a workshop in the barracks, Harry and Trevor worked together until Harry's death. After which Trevor worked alone for a time, before renting a bench out to Reg Cooper. Also a Little Mester, Reg's forte is hand-making America's most iconic blade, the Bowie Knife. At 83, Reg has been in the game almost 70 years. He'll retire when Trevor leaves the trade.
It is only his own mortality that is bringing Trevor's work to a close, with the diagnosis of a life ending illness. And when this cutler, who has seen the passing years reflected in the blade's unforgiving stare, locks up on his final day, it will be a profound loss. It will be the folding away of an ordinary life, and an extraordinary piece of history.
Readers of JW Survey will be familiar with the work of Trey Bundy, an investigative reporter working for the Reveal News organisation. Bundy has been tireless in trying to bring to light the truth behind multiple and long standing accusations of child abuse coverup by the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society, and has published a number of excellent articles on the subject.
Bundy's latest article, entitled How Jehovah's Witness leaders hide child abuse secrets at all costs was published alongside the latest episode of the Reveal News podcast, which also featured this story and contained additional material.
The podcast is entitled Secrets of the Watchtower, and reports the efforts of people like Trey Bundy and lawyer Irwin Zalkin to get Watchtower to turn over its detailed files on potentially thousands of JW child molesters that have never been reported to the law, and who may still be at large.
The podcast is excellent and contains a number of relevant interviews relating to the current state of Watchtower's legal tribulations, but for me one of the highlight moments is an unexpected encounter caught on audio tape between Trey Bundy and Governing Body Member Anthony Morris III.
To set the background, Bundy has been trying for over two years to get an interview with a Governing Body member on this subject so that he can get their side of the story. So far, the seven members of the Governing Body have shown no interest in talking to the media about allegations of serious sexual assaults on children being covered up inside the religion they control. Meanwhile, Bundy meets up with an ex-Bethilite named Howie, who takes him on a walkabout outside Watchtower's Brooklyn headquarters and who gives a little background on the inner workings of the Watchtower's leadership.
During this walkabout, Howie spots none other than Governing Body member Tony Morris walking down the street (a more flippant individual might suggest that this was clearly Jehovah's hand at work.)
Bundy wastes no time in approaching Morris (who attempts to evade him by crossing the street) and tries to get some comments on the allegations of serious sex crimes being covered up by Watchtower.
What does Morris do? Does he stand firm and make a fearless defence of his organisation's biblically mandated policies? Does he take the opportunity to set the record straight regarding the accusations and “apostate lies” about sex abuse cover-up that have apparently been besmirching the name of Jehovah?
No.
What happens is that Morris scurries frantically away, feebly throwing non-answers in Bundy's direction in response to the journalist's legitimate questions. The encounter ends with Morris rushing through a quickly opened Bethel door and out of sight. Not exactly a dignified way to deal with the questions Bundy posed.
The Governing Body: Fearless before opposers?
This fits an established pattern of behaviour from members of the Governing Body. In total contrast to Jesus and his apostles, and indeed in contrast to the early leaders of the religion such as Charles Taze Russell and Joseph Rutherford, the modern Governing Body appear to have no taste for defending their faith publicly before anyone who might be even slightly critical of them.
For example, take a look at Governing Body member Gerrit Losch. When summoned to defend the child protection policies of Watchtower in court, Losch chose not to take the stand and defend Bible principles as he saw them. Indeed, Losch was apparently so terrified of appearing in a court of law, where he would be publicly cross-examined, that he even issued a statement essentially claiming that he had nothing to do with Watchtower, and that the running of the religion had nothing to do with him. Anyone who is even slightly familiar with Watchtower can spot this for the absurd and deceptive claim that it is. In fact, it rather reminds one of the apostle Peter, sweating profusely in the courtyard of the High Priest, frantically denying Jesus in order to save his own skin. Sadly, it appears that Losch has yet to follow Peter's example and retract his denial.
We also have the example set by Governing Body Member Geoffrey Jackson during the historical 2015 Royal Commission hearings. The commission was initially interested in interviewing Jackson; understandable considering the position Jackson holds in the religion and the gravity of the issues being discussed. However, in an astonishing act of deceit, Watchtower Australia tried to claim that Jackson had no involvement in the formulation or revision of the policies under discussion. Again, anyone with knowledge of Watchtower can instantly see how deceitful and misleading this claim is, and thankfully the Commission was provided with evidence which showed this lie for what it was. It should be noted that attempting to mislead a Royal Commission carries a potential 5 year prison sentence.
Watchtower leader Terrence O'Brien admitted giving these misleading instructions to Watchtower's legal council, but it is impossible to conceive that Jackson was not aware that this deceitful tactic was being attempted, and it is very probable that he was involved in the decision to attempt it.
When Jackson finally appeared at the Commission, clearly left with no choice but to do so or face legal sanctions, he claimed that he was happy to testify. So happy that apparently he was prepared to risk having his underlings go to jail rather than trouble himself to appear. In contrast to Jesus, who offered himself up on behalf of his followers, Jackson appears more than happy to throw his followers under the bus in order to save his own skin.
It appears that Tony Morris can now join the proud ranks of Watchtower leaders who ran away screaming from questions about child abuse.
What is the Governing Body so scared of?
Why is this relevant?
Well, let's set aside the clear responsibility that any leader of any organisation has to directly address accusations (and indeed countless proven examples) of criminal activity being covered up as a matter of that organisation's policy.
Lets focus on something else.
The seven men of the Governing Body claim to be the Faithful and Discreet Slave of Matthew chapter 24; the only authorised channel of communication between Jehovah God and mankind. As members of this extra-special part of the “anointed” class, they claim that they will soon go to heaven as mighty spirit creatures and take the lead in killing everyone on Earth who is not a Jehovah's Witness.
Given their claims to power, spiritual authority and upcoming super-soldier status, it is interesting to note that there appears to be nothing more terrifying to them than an informed person wielding an awkward question.
Update 13/12/2016 – Trey Bundy discusses the story of Watchtower's coverup further on KPBS radio. You can listen to the broadcast here.
Follow me on Twitter @Covertfade
With less than five weeks before voters begin weighing in on the 2016 GOP presidential nomination, the establishment contenders — who until now have been relatively restrained — have begun aiming their fire at each other.
The tactical shift on the part of the candidates and their allies reflects a long-standing assumption as to how this crowded nomination battle is likely to play out.
Many believe the race will come down to a one-on-one contest between an “outsider” who channels the angry Republican base and a candidate more in line with the wishes of the party hierarchy. The establishment pick has almost always prevailed in the past, though it is far from certain that will be the case in 2016.
The Sunday after a contentious Republican debate, presidential candidates Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio, Ben Carson and Rand Paul went after rival Donald Trump in television appearances. They attacked Trump's relationship with Putin, his proposed ban on allowing Muslims to enter the country and his seriousness as a candidate. (Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post)
The insurgent faction of the party appears likely to rally around either front-runner Donald Trump or the ascendant Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.). The leading possibilities on the establishment side include three sitting or former governors and a Florida senator — all of whom are running far behind Trump. But before any of them can get a shot at taking him on, they must deal with one another.
[Trump's latest targets: New Hampshire's largest paper and its favorite candidate, Christie]
Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) on Tuesday found his record of Senate absences under attack from two directions: a blistering ad in Iowa by a super PAC supporting former Florida governor Jeb Bush and a taunt by New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie.
The super PAC supporting Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush released an ad attacking Sen. Marco Rubio's voting record. (Youtube/Right to Rise USA)
“Dude, show up to work,” Christie said during a town-hall meeting in Muscatine, Iowa.
Rubio was making his own swing through Iowa, which is set to hold the first contest of the primary season on Feb. 1. He responded at a news conference hours later in the town of Clinton.
“You know, Chris has been missing in New Jersey for half the time,” Rubio said. “But candidates, I think, as we get down the stretch here, some of them get a little desperate and a little nasty in their attacks, and that's fine.”
He dismissed the attack ad by the pro-Bush super PAC Right to Rise USA as “par for the course. I mean obviously you've seen that as we get closer to Election Day and millions of dollars of spending have not changed [Bush's] fortunes, he's become increasingly negative in his attacks.”
Meanwhile, Right to Rise USA also launched a spot in New Hampshire contending that the gubernatorial records of Christie and Ohio Gov. John Kasich do not stack up against that of Bush. The ad was gentler in tone than the super PAC's assault on Rubio, but it attempted to draw a contrast on the experience that all three of the candidates consider to be their greatest asset.
New Day in America, a super PAC supporting Kasich, responded: “What Team Jeb has failed to address is the political baggage dragging behind Bush and Christie. The country doesn't have an appetite for another Bush, or another Clinton, for that matter. As for Governor Christie, his mishandling of his state budget and the ‘Bridgegate' scandal have earned him a 60 percent unfavorable rating from those who know him best — the people of New Jersey.”
1 of 14 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Trump's most insulting jabs at other presidential candidates View Photos Republican Donald Trump has made incendiary comments — many of them directed at his opponents — that keep him in the spotlight. Caption Republican Donald Trump has made incendiary comments — many of them directed at his opponents — that keep him in the spotlight. Donald Trump's attacks on his presidential opponents get him into hot water but also keep attention focused on him. Here, Trump, fifth from left, and his rivals appear on stage before the first GOP debate, hosted by Fox News Channel. John Minchillo/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
The crossfire, said GOP political consultant Alex Castellanos, is beginning to look like “a ‘Fistful of Dollars' gunfight,” referring to the 1964 spaghetti western that launched Clint Eastwood to stardom.
“It's now down to the last five weeks here,” Christie told reporters in Muscatine. “We need to make distinctions between candidates, not just on issues but on experience, so I'll be talking about it. I think it's an important distinction to make.”
The young and charismatic Rubio is regarded by many as potentially the strongest contender running in the establishment lane — if he can find an opening.
“It's pretty clear in this race that Marco Rubio is the candidate of the future. If he ever breaks through the line, he's got a lot of running room,” said Castellanos, who is not working for any of the 2016 candidates. “The only one who everyone fears for his explosive potential is Rubio.”
[Will Rubio work hard enough to become president? Some backers are worried.]
Right to Rise USA said it plans to spend $1.4 million on the new ad in Iowa, in which an announcer says: “Over the last three years, Rubio has missed important national security hearings and missed more total votes than any other senator. Politics first — that's the Rubio way.”
Christie sounded a similar theme during a town hall in Muscatine, where he noted that Rubio had announced his opposition to a $1.8 trillion, year-end spending bill and tax package, but then failed to show up to vote against it. It passed the Senate 65 to 33.
“Just show up to work and vote no,” Christie said. “And if you don't want to, then quit.”
Rubio spokesman Alex Conant said his campaign is unfazed, noting that Rubio's skill at dealing with barbs during the candidates' debates has only increased his stature.
“Obviously, we feel very good about our campaign, and where we're at. With success comes scrutiny,” Conant said. “We've been taking some incoming for several months now, and we're not worse for the wear.”
Rubio does have the worst attendance record of all the senators, including the five who have run for president this year — a fact he does not dispute. A C-SPAN analysis released last week found that Rubio cast votes for just 219 of the 339 recorded Senate roll-call votes in 2015 — a 65 percent attendance record. He spoke on the Senate floor eight times — just 5 percent of the days that the Senate was in session, C-SPAN said.
“I'm running for president, because I want to change the direction of this country, and it will require me, for the time being, to miss some votes in the U.S. Senate, because I want those votes to matter again,” Rubio said.
Before Tuesday's exchanges, the most high-profile attack on Rubio's attendance record had been launched by Bush during an October Republican presidential debate. Rubio shot back with a response that threw Bush off balance.
“Someone has convinced you that attacking me is going to help you,” Rubio told Bush, and then recounted how other senators who ran for president had equally bad attendance records that had not drawn much comment.
Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) came out swinging during the CNBC debate and had some big applause lines. See his most memorable moments of the third Republican debate. (Jhaan Elker/The Washington Post)
In his own appearances recently, Bush has been focusing most of his attacks on Trump and Hillary Clinton.
By law, candidates are not allowed to coordinate with the super PACs that support them; however, Right to Rise USA is run by political consultant Mike Murphy, who has been one of Bush's closest political advisers for most of his political career.
O'Keefe reported from Nashua, N.H. Rucker reported from Muscatine, Iowa.
DC Comics has provided ComicBook.com with an exclusive first look at five of their May 2015 solicitations.
The solicitations, which come from Convergence Week Three, include Convergence: New Teen Titans #2, Convergence: Batman and the Outsiders #2, Convergence: Green Lantern Corps #2, Convergence: Justice League America #2 and Convergence: Wonder Woman #2.
The characters from Crisis on Infinite Earths find themselves facing down threats from the Red Rain and Tangent Universes, as well as from Jack Kirby's O.M.A.C. and more. You can check them out below. For full-size versions of the covers, click on the gallery at bottom.
CONVERGENCE: NEW TEEN TITANS #2
Written by MARV WOLFMAN
Art by NICOLA SCOTT and MARC DEERING
Cover by NICOLA SCOTT
Variant cover designed by CHIP KIDD
On sale MAY 20 • 40 pg, FC, 2 of 2, $3.99 US • RATED T STARRING HEROES FROM CRISIS ON INFINITE EARTHS! Titans Together – no more, when they face the might of the Tangent Doom Patrol! Is this the end of what many consider the greatest Titans team in the history of the Multiverse?
This extra-sized issue includes a sneak peek at what's coming up in the DC Universe! CONVERGENCE: BATMAN AND THE OUTSIDERS #2
Written by MARC ANDREYKO
Art and cover by CARLOS D'ANDA
Variant cover designed by CHIP KIDD
On sale MAY 20 • 40 pg, FC, 2 of 2, $3.99 US • RATED T STARRING HEROES FROM CRISIS ON INFINITE EARTHS! Batman leads the Outsiders against a terror from the Great Disaster – Godmaker and OMAC!
This extra-sized issue includes a sneak peek at what's coming up in the DC Universe!
CONVERGENCE: GREEN LANTERN CORPS #2
Written by DAVID GALLAHER
Art by STEVE ELLIS and ANDE PARKS
Cover by TONY HARRIS
Variant cover designed by CHIP KIDD
On sale MAY 20 • 40 pg, FC, 2 of 2, $3.99 US • RATED T STARRING HEROES FROM CRISIS ON INFINITE EARTHS! The Green Lantern Corps is revived when Hal Jordan, John Stewart and Guy Gardner power up and race to take on Hercules Unbound and Anti God from the Great Disaster!
Get the biggest Aston Villa FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Burnley are expected to firm up their interest in Aston Villa midfielder Ashley Westwood.
The Premier League newboys are keen on the 26-year-old and will test Villa's resolve with a £6m bid, according to sources close to Turf Moor.
Westwood has four years remaining on a £40k-a-week deal at Villa and reported back to pre-season training at Bodymoor Heath last week.
He's due to fly out to Austria with the rest of the squad on Thursday but has been well aware of the long-standing interest from the Clarets.
See the Villa players back in training
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Sean Dyche is looking for a new midfielder and sees the ex-Crewe man as the ideal fit.
Westwood's hard work ethic and low maintenance ways make him a suitable candidate to slot into a group that has formed a close togetherness in recent times.
And while he hasn't told boss Roberto Di Matteo that he wants to leave, it's thought he would be open to a return to the Premier League.
The midfielder made 37 appearances last season, scoring twice, both in the 4-2 home defeat to Southampton.
A 36-year-old previously healthy woman presented with a 2-day history of severe chest pain and epigastric pain associated with nausea and vomiting. Physical examination showed moderate abdominal tenderness, without guarding or rebound in the epigastrium. Laboratory tests, including cardiac enzyme levels, were normal. An electrocardiogram and a radiograph of the chest were normal. The patient reported that she had consumed uncooked salmon approximately 2 hours before the chest pain developed. Computed tomography of the abdomen revealed diffuse thickening of the gastric wall. Gastroscopy revealed multiple anisakis larvae penetrating into the mucosa in the esophagogastric junction, fundus, upper body, middle body, and antrum of the stomach. Eleven larvae were removed with the use of endoscopic forceps (see ), after which the patient's symptoms resolved. Anisakiasis is a parasitic infection of the gastrointestinal tract in humans that is caused by the consumption of raw or inadequately cooked seafood containing third-stage larvae of the nematode Anisakis simplex or related species.
Image via Wikipedia
In today's Hits & Mises episode I'm going to tackle George Reisman's attempt to refute the exploitation theory. I was recently linked to it by yet another Misoid on reddit who is trigger-happy in linking to Mises.org, which seems to be an annoyingly common occurrence in the Anarchist subreddit. This time I am not going to tackle it all at once since this is a huge piece using various tactics to counter the theory of exploitation. Rather I'm going to pick apart it's distinguishable core arguments one by one until there's nothing left.
The main thrust of the attack in this case is the argument that in a pre-capitalist society or artisans and farmers, rather than all income being wages, all income was profit and by the introduction of the capitalist mode of production, it wasn't that the parasite class of the capitalist and landlord started taking a part of the income as profit, but rather that the artisans naturally evolved to capitalists and then gracefully allowed some proletarians (i.e. people with nothing else to sell but their labour) to use their surplus land and capital to survive while they paid them a “fair wage” since they were doing them a favour in the first place. In short, the worker is exploiting the capitalist now since they are getting a wage out of the capitalists profit (which would exist at the same level apparently without the worker's labour).
Smith and Marx are wrong. Wages are not the primary form of income in production. Profits are. In order for wages to exist in production, it is first necessary that there be capitalists. The emergence of capitalists does not bring into existence the phenomenon of profit. Profit exists prior to their emergence. The emergence of capitalists brings into existence the phenomena of wages and money costs of production. Accordingly, the profits which exist in a capitalist society are not a deduction from what was originally wages. On the contrary, the wages and the other money costs are a deduction from sales receipts—from what was originally all profit. The effect of capitalism is to create wages and to reduce profits relative to sales receipts. The more economically capitalistic the economy—the more the buying in order to sell relative to the sales receipts, the higher are wages and the lower are profits relative to sales receipts.
I have been unfortunate enough to have had to argue against this position in the past with one particularly obnoxious opponent so this is not a new perspective for me, although it's nice to finally know where that person got his argumentation points from as this seemed a novel refutation at the time. In short the flaws in this argument are two. One is definitional while the other is historical.
The Definitional Flaw
We see George starting down this path from this quote
This becomes apparent, as soon as we define our terms along classical lines:”Profit” is the excess of receipts from the sale of products over the money costs of producing them—over, it must be repeated, the money costs of producing them. A “capitalist” is one who buys in order subsequently to sell for a profit. “Wages” are money paid in exchange for the performance of labor—not for the products of labor, but for the performance of labor itself.
It seems that he is using some fairly interesting definitions here, definitions which in fact have nothing to do with the way such terms were used by socialists. The reason why this change occurred is because it allows the very tricky equivocation fallacy required for one to make within his historical flaw.
So why is this definitional flaw important? First lets take the definition of wages: I do not know if Marx did indeed use the term “wage” to talk about the income of pre-capitalist production but in any case what he was really talking was a mode of production where all the income goes to the person who did the labour. Whether that was in excess or less than the money costs of production is irrelevant. What is important is that those who do the labour get to keep all the income from the trade of the results of this labour, i.e. the commodities produced.
The money costs that an artisan or farmer has to produce any commodity are irrelevant as it's impossible to define them as this includes the whole cost of living of said worker. Does your cost of feeding yourself count as “money costs?” The cost of feeding your family? Buying new tools? Taking vacation? Buying new luxuries? Which of these is or is not a “money cost of production?” Nothing but feeding and buying tools? But obviously a worker without leisure would not be productive. Is everything a “money cost?” But then it's ridiculous to talk about “profits” as the way the income is used is indistinguishable from a normal wage.
And that is the problem. The intellectual twist required to make the definitional swap of “wages” to “profits” does not stand up rationally. We call an artisan's income “wages” because it is in fact indistinguishable from wages functionally. It is income which is directly the result of the sale of one's labour power. The labour power to create the commodities or perform a service. Profit on the other hand is generally used in a different sense, as the non-labour income which one receives on for owning the capital. It's the tribute the owner receives on account of owning.
Even using Reisman's definition of “wages” above, we still see that it supports the idea of pre-capitalist artisans and farmers are receiving wages, not profit. Why? Because if wage are the money paid in exchange for the performance of labour, then we need to ask what the performance of labour is in a pre-capitalist society. It's obvious then that the performance of labour is nothing less than the products of labour. The commodities one produces is a direct result of the performance of their labour.
The conceptual mistake that Reisman is doing here then is not so much that he simply mixes his definition dishonestly in order to make an equivocation later on, but that he falsely considers that there is a split between the performance of labour and the products of capital, the combined result of which is the commodities. Thus he assumes that an artisan has some wages that are the result of the performance of his labour and he also has the “wages of capital”, the profit which he also gets to retain since he owns the capital as well. However discovering how much is the performance of the artisan's labour and how much is the performance of the capital is apparently not important and ignored. The truth is that this is a nonsensical split and is ignored because trying to define it would lead one to figure out the actual role of capital within production.
Furthermore the definition of Capitalist as “one who buys in order subsequently to sell for a profit” is especially wrong as this is the definition of a Merchant. Not a capitalist. This definition has to do with distribution, not with production, as it is by the latter by which one earns the title “Capitalist” or not. In fact this conflation of Merchantilism with Capitalism is quite common among the Misoids for some reason, which I assume is their perverse need to prove Capitalism as a natural human system which has existed for us since the dawn of civilization or something.
The Historical Flaw
This part is what especially gets to my tits for its absolute ahistorical assertions. The idea that capitalism is the natural continuation of peaceful evolution of human societies which “naturally” led to the result of some artisans and farmers owning more land than most while also oh-so-randomly property-less proletarians just happened to be around on the verge of starvation and eager to sell their labour as wage-workers while the artisans, now turned capitalists, graciously agreed to sacrifice part of what was all profit before in order to accommodate their fellow human beings.
It's as if capital and land was happily working itself, producing all those commodities for the pre-capitalist to sell until that scummy proletarian came about and abused the warm feelings of the capitalist in order to get part of the profit. Or something. I don't know, this whole rewriting of history is so vile in its crass white-is-black thing that it gets me aggressive just reading it. Seriously.
Reisman seems all to eager to manufacture a history which points to a natural evolution of capitalism that he manages to miss the point that actual reality was nothing of the sort, nor could it. He simply bases it on the equivocation he can make once he calls all pre-capitalist income “‘profit”, from which to claim that it's not the worker being exploited by the capitalist since wages existed first, it's just the other way around since “profit” existed first. It's moronically simple.
First of all, the state of affairs where some people just happened to own all the land and capital while others had nothing to sell, didn't just come around naturally, nor could it ever as humans by default tended to communal ownerships based on mutual aid. As such, it would have been impossible for some to end up owning more than they can use while others had nothing to sell but their labour. Even in a non-communal setting there would be no way for someone to enclose on more land than he could manage himself without a state to accept this claim and enforce it. There would be no way for someone to purchase a factory and then find willing wage-slaves to work in the inhuman conditions within as there would always be available land around for them to work on as self-managed free workers.
This is in fact why it required extensive state violence for capitalism to take hold. Not only had the farmers to be kicked out of their land and be prohibited from moving to other areas by force of law, not only did economic theft in the form of mandatory poll taxes had to be enforced, but the communal land to be enclosed by the great landlords so as not to allow any other options but to becomes wage-slaves.
In short, the world was engineered in order to facilitate capitalism, to facilitate exploitation.
The funny thing is that I've had before an AnCap argue that it doesn't matter that things did not happen this way. It does not matter that it required extensive violence to achieve the system of production dominant today. It matters that logically it would be possible to achieve it even if no violence was used which simply goes against all we know of human pre-capitalist societies and trends. Much like the free market nonsense, it does not matter if it's unrealistic; as long as we can imagine it happening in our heads, it's enough.
Reisman's fantasies are nothing more than that. Unrealistic fantasies of artisans turning capitalist and willing proletarians happily selling their labour-power for a piece of bread. It is spitting in the face of human history in order to make the Capitalist a progressive hero helping society to advance.
Thus, capitalists do not impoverish wage earners, but make it possible for people to be wage earners. For they are responsible not for the phenomenon of profits, but for the phenomenon of wages. They are responsible for the very existence of wages in the production of products for sale. Without capitalists, the only way in which one could survive would be by means of producing and selling one's own products, namely, as a profit earner. But to produce and sell one's own products, one would have to own one's own land, and produce or have inherited one's own tools and materials. Relatively few people could survive in this way. The existence of capitalists makes it possible for people to live by selling their labor rather than attempting to sell the products of their labor. Thus, between wage earners and capitalists there is in fact the closest possible harmony of interests, for capitalists create wages and the ability of people to survive and prosper as wage earners. And if wage earners want a larger relative share for wages and a smaller relative share for profits, they should want a higher economic degree of capitalism—they should want more and bigger capitalists.
Quotes like this really make me want to punch someone in the face and further solidify why I want nothing at all to do with “Anarcho”-Capitalists and their disgusting apologetics.
Next part of the refutation takes the approach of profit being the reward of capital intellect which I've countered already in the past so that's two bases demolished already. Once I can grind my teeth enough to read through the rest of the nonsense I'll continue with anything left.
Spread the love: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The Lada owner who'd turn down a Ferrari
The classic car speeds through the English countryside, a lovingly-maintained example of motoring heritage.
It rounds a left-hand bend, negotiates a tight right corner, and gracefully dips out of view, a petrol-fuelled gazelle.
This is a collectable automobile that has seen its value soar in recent years. Proud owner Ed Hughes is a very happy man.
Yet the 45-year-old's set of wheels isn't what most people would imagine when they think of a classic car. It isn't a vintage Ferrari, Lamborghini or Jaguar, for example.
Instead, it's a 1994 Lada Riva, the boxy, four-door Russian runabout that regularly features in "worst cars of all time" lists.
Mr Hughes' example has a 1.5 litre engine, 80,000 miles on the clock, and a top speed of 95mph (153 km/h). And he loves Ladas so much that he owns five of them.
Image caption Ed Hughes owns a collection of "Eastern European motoring delicacies"
While some might scoff at the suggestion that a Lada Riva is a classic car, it does in fact meet the generally agreed criteria - it is an old car that is no longer in production, and there is enough interest in the vehicle for it now to be collectable rather than scrapped.
And like any classic car worth its salt, there is money to be made, although not Ferrari-style tens of millions. Mr Hughes bought his red Riva 14 years ago for £50. It's now worth £2,000.
As the global classic car industry continues to grow strongly, an increasing number of previously unheralded cars are now being avidly collected. But why the Lada Riva?
'Fashion statement'
Mr Hughes, who gave up a career in teaching to write full-time for Practical Classics magazine, admits that Ladas were "deeply unfashionable" for years. But as his father had owned a few of the Soviet cars when he was growing up, Mr Hughes says "he'd always liked them".
So in the late 1990s he started buying Ladas, including the Riva, which was available in the UK from 1983 to 1997.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption When most people think of classic cars, they imagine Ferraris not Ladas
"As happens with old cars, people were throwing them away as their value decreased, and I started rescuing some of the nicer models," says Mr Hughes.
"What they lack in fit and finish they make up for in being quite well built mechanically."
Mr Hughes says there are two main reasons for the big rise in the value of Ladas in the UK in recent years.
"Firstly, a new generation of people in their 20s and 30s like the car's shape - there is nothing like it on the road. They've now become a fashion statement."
Image caption Dave Richards says it is vital to seek help before buying a classic car
Secondly, they are being snapped up to be exported back to Russia and elsewhere in Eastern Europe.
Mr Hughes explains: "There's a small but avid market for Ladas in Eastern Europe, specifically for nice right-hand drive models made for export to Britain.
"Hungarians go berserk for them [in particular] because they think it's utterly amazing they were built for sale to the 'capitalist West' as it were."
In addition to his five Ladas, Mr Hughes' collection of "Eastern European motoring delicacies" includes three Wartburgs and a Trabant from former East Germany; a Moskvich from Russia; and a Zaporozhets and a Tavria from Ukraine. He also has "a half-share" in a Izh Oda, also from Russia.
Mr Hughes says he wouldn't swap his collection for a Ferrari, because he argues that anyone with a "big enough chequebook" can pick up an old example of the Italian sports car, while it "requires a bit more skill, care, and so on, to own a fleet of motoring's less-loved specimens".
'Limited supply'
Motoring journalist Dave Richards says that the big increase in the number of formerly "prosaic" or ordinary cars now considered to be classics certainly isn't limited to former Soviet vehicles.
Instead, he says that cars such as old Ford Cortinas and Capris, the original Mini, and even the Austin Maxi, are in big demand. Plus the Citroen 2CV and the original VW Beetle.
Image caption Older VW Beetles have long been coveted
"Many of these cars are practically extinct now, you hardly ever see them on the road, but there is a real demand for those that are still out there... this limited supply means that prices are being driven ever upwards," says Mr Richards, who is also co-owner of car restoration business Project Shop, based near the Oxfordshire town of Bicester.
The company makes a good living restoring classic cars to their former glory.
At the UK branch of US car giant Ford, it celebrates its old cars in a quiet corner of its factory in Dagenham, east London.
Its Ford Heritage Collection is an Aladdin's Cave of more than 100 Ford cars from the past 80-plus years.
The jewel in the crown is a Ford Escort 1850GT, which won the first London-to-Mexico rally in 1970.
Ivan Bartholomeusz, who helps to look after the collection, estimates that this car is worth at least £500,000.
Yet the museum of cars is also home to Ford Fiestas from the 1990s.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Ford Capris are now much in demand
Mr Bartholomeusz says that the best Ford Cortinas made in the first half of the 1970s can now sell for £18,000, but back in the 1980s were worth as little as £100.
However, Mr Richards cautions that there is still some risk to buying a classic car, be it a Lada, Ford or Ferrari.
"Don't trust your own judgement," he says. "Instead, elicit the help of a car club who might know the vehicle in question, or take someone from that club with you to look at that car.
"This is better than saddling yourself with a car that could cost you a packet."
Of course, owning a classic car isn't just about money; some people do it for the sheer fun.
Bronwyn Burrell was 25 when she took part in the same 1970 London-to-Mexico rally as the feted Escort, co-piloting an Austin Maxi.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Bronwyn Burrell, pictured here in 1964, took up motorsport in the 1960s
After a 47-year hiatus she's now taking the very same Maxi racing again, and is due to take part in the London-to-Lisbon classic car rally later this month.
Ms Burrell says: "It's such good fun, a really exhilarating drive. It's just like I'm 25 again, reliving my youth.
"I wouldn't sell the Maxi unless I had to. As far as I'm concerned she's priceless."
Peggy Drexler is the author of "Our Fathers, Ourselves: Daughters, Fathers, and the Changing American Family" and "Raising Boys Without Men." The opinions expressed in this commentary are hers.
(CNN) On Thursday, pop star Taylor Swift took the stand for women -- and herself -- when she testified that a former DJ had groped her in 2013. But is her participation in this case an act of solidarity —of sisterhood with other women who allege they have been assaulted or mistreated? Or is it just another celebrity publicity stunt?
Mueller has claimed the interaction was "jostling" in preparation for a photo, and that if he touched anything, it was her ribs. Thursday in court, however, Swift said the man had copped an undeniably intentional feel of what was most definitely her buttocks. "It was a definite grab, a very long grab," she testified. "I felt him grab onto my bare ass cheek." She tried to move away, she said, but "he would not let go."
Swift is regularly criticized for seeking publicity, whether it's through her relationships or her various feuds, and some -- like Mueller -- have questioned her motivations in this case. Which, of course, is of little surprise given how society tends to treat women who dare to stand up to the men who objectify them: They must be after something.
Swift is indeed after something: justice. And affirmation. She didn't have to take the stand on Thursday; it would have been easier not to. She might have issued a statement, let her attorneys do the talking, or settled. In fact, her mother said she at first tried to persuade her to keep quiet in order to avoid publicity and its associated humiliations. But in giving live testimony, Taylor Swift gave voice to the many women whose shame after assault keeps them quiet.
To be sure, this is a federal court trial and Mueller, like every American, is innocent unless he is judged otherwise by a jury of his peers.
JUST WATCHED Groping allegation against Army officer Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Groping allegation against Army officer 01:55
But if Swift believes she was assaulted — as she clearly does -- it is hard to view her actions Thursday as something other than brave and important. And if they generate publicity, all the better. Whatever the truth of Swift's situation, most who are assaulted don't speak up. According to the National Sexual Violence Resource Center, 63% of assaults are not reported.
Many victims don't know they have a right to do so. Others worry they won't be believed. Or they see the challenges that lie ahead: trauma in having to relive and recount, again and again, what can be — depending on the severity of the assault -- one of the most devastating, or at the least, humiliating and helpless moments in a woman's life.
Swift, though, took the stand and held her ground. She did not let others get blamed. In response to Mueller's attorney's question of whether she was critical of her bodyguard for not preventing the alleged assault, she replied, "I am critical of your client for sticking his hand under my skirt and grabbing my ass."
JUST WATCHED 'I think in those days it was called groping' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'I think in those days it was called groping' 04:59
She did not let herself get blamed. Questioned as to whether she tried "to get away," in the words of Mueller's attorney, she stated with poise and clarity that "I'm not going to allow you or your client to make me feel in any way that this is my fault, because it isn't."
In doing so, she spoke for millions of women. She let them know: Those gray areas others will try to tell you exist when someone touches you in a way you don't ask to be touched? They don't exist.
It is unconvincing to say this is about publicity, or showing Mueller who's boss. Even if Swift has more money and fame than the man she says assaulted her, that does not mean she's more powerful: No woman would be in the moment when a man feels a right to put his hand on her butt. Victims of sexual assault can understand this feeling.
Swift's appearance Thursday was about making the statement, to herself and the world, that whatever it was that happened was not her fault. And it's a statement she can't make enough, especially if it inspires just a single victim of assault to say it herself.
China is fast becoming a scientific force to be reckoned with, says a new report published by Nature.
The list, which ranks the world's institutions and countries according to their scientific output, puts China second only to the United States. The rankings are based on the number of high profile publications released last year.
Canada ranked 7th, which, considering the difference in the sheer number of scientists compared with China or the U.S., is pretty impressive.
The top institution in terms of publications was the Chinese Academy of Sciences, a massive engine of scientific growth in the country. It consists of hundreds of regional institutes and includes two universities. To put it in perspective for something us Westerners understand — it beat out Harvard.
The University of Toronto ranked the highest in Canada at 18th.
What is China investing in?
The Chinese government has indicated it wants to invest energy and funds in brain research, gene science, big data and medical robots.
According to Chinese state media, China plans to launch an orbiter that will deploy a lander and rover onto the surface of Mars in 2020. (The Associated Press) But perhaps the most ambitious scientific project is the Chinese space program. The largest radio telescope in the world was recently built in southwestern China, and took only five years to complete.
These radio telescopes are massive in order to listen to some of the weakest and faintest signals from the furthest reaches of the universe. They've also planned a mission to the far side of the moon in 2018 and intend to send a rover to Mars in 2020.
And from the biggest objects in the universe to the smallest, China plans to build a particle accelerator larger than the one currently in operation in Europe at the CERN facility.
How much money is the government spending?
China spends a whopping $40 billion per year on scientific research, more than any nation other than the U.S.
Chinese Premier, Li Keqiang, right, shakes hands with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Keqiang said earlier this year that 'innovation is the primary driving force for development' in China. (The Associated Press) Chinese Premier Li Keqiang, the country's top economic official, said earlier this year that "innovation is the primary driving force for development and must occupy a central place in China's development strategy."
China's goal is clear: to expand the economy by using the brains of their people. All of the investment has resulted in something that's been dubbed the "brain boomerang" — in the past several years, 4,000 Chinese academics have left the West to return to lucrative offers in their homeland.
What kind of reaction has there been to China's scientific ascension?
Given the rapid pace of scientific growth in China, there are concerns that regulations will need time to catch up.
Scientists in China made headlines - and courted controversy - by editing the genome of human embryos using the CRISPR/Cas9 system. (Richard Wheeler, cc-by-sa-3.0) Scientists in China made headlines in 2015 by editing the genome of human embryos using the CRISPR/Cas9 system. This is a technology that goes in and changes the genetic code of an embryo. Essentially, it can rewrite the instruction manual of a human.
The research led to a moratorium by various scientific bodies around the world, including the Chinese Academy of Sciences, on using the technique until proper regulations and scientific agreement was in place.
There's also the geopolitics of international space programs to consider. NASA will not work with the Chinese Space Agency because they worry about sharing technology of satellites, programs, strategies that could breach U.S. national security.
As well, academic fraud is at an all-time high in China. According to Nature, the vast majority of retractions due to academic fraud come from Chinese universities.
There's no doubt China is leading the way in terms of investing in science and pushing their vision for an innovation-backed economic future. But the rapid pace of their scientific growth comes with costs and issues that could reverberate around the globe.
Photoshop CS6 wish list
Forget about big-ticket features. What Photoshop needs is some finely tuned, pixel accurate love.
This is my Photoshop CS6 wish list. If you have something you think might be worthy, please @me (if I add it, I'll credit you). This list exists because I use Photoshop 10+ hours a day, every day and I care about the future of the application.
I'll send the list to John Nack in the next few days. Hopefully Adobe find the information useful. Who knows, they may even implement some of the suggestions.
Update: John has responded and the Photoshop team have seen the list. He's been great to deal with and it seems that they're taking the suggestions seriously. I'll keep everyone posted on any progress.
Update on March 24, 2012: Photoshop CS6 beta has been released, and a lot of the suggestions below made it into the release. For a full rundown, please read our Photoshop CS6 improvements article.
Searchable layers #
It's quite common for web, desktop and mobile app user interface Photoshop documents to contain a lot of layers. I have some documents here with well over 1000 layers, and I don't think I'm alone (I have groups for each state of the app). It'd be great to be able to filter the layers palette.
Editable roundrect radius during and after drawing #
Illustrator allows realtime tweaking of the corner radius while drawing, using the arrow keys. Drawing a roundrect in Photoshop is a trial and error affair. Please fix this. It'd be even better if the roundrect's corner radius remained editable after drawing. Allowing a different corner radius for each corner would be the icing on the cake. How important are roundrects to UI design? Very.
Rotating 90° glitch #
Rotating a bitmap layer by 90 degrees produces great results when the source layer is an even by even amount of pixels, or odd by odd amount. Rotating a layer that's odd by even or even by odd gets hit with the funky stick, probably due to the origin of rotation not falling on the pixel boundary intersection or exactly in the centre of a pixel.
The workaround is to place a stray pixel somewhere on the layer to make the overall size even by even or odd by odd, then rotate and delete the pixel after. It'd be nice if Photoshop handled this better.
Reorderable and multiple Layer Styles #
Most designers I know try to use a combination of vector shapes and Layer Styles as often as possible. Doing so makes elements more reusable, editable and scalable. A well constructed iOS design should be able to scale to 2× for the iPhone 4's Retina display, with minimal tweaks. A little more control over Layer Style order (especially Color, Gradient, Pattern) and being able to double up on certain effects would be most welcome. I find myself wanting double drop shadows and double strokes all the time.
Gradient Layer Style dithering #
Gradient Layer Styles are incredibly handy, but can't be dithered, meaning they're often lower quality than their Gradient tool counterpart. While not a big deal in most cases, subtle gradients can benefit from dithering. A lot of webs and app UI elements contain subtle gradients.
Noise slider in Color Layer Style #
It's common to add a small amount of noise to add texture to a surface. There are other ways to solve this problem, but an additional noise slider in the Color Layer Style would be handy. Please note that this feature wouldn't be as crucial if Layer Style reordering was possible, because the Pattern Layer Style could be used for adding noise and texture.
Command-J to dupe layers and layer groups #
Command-J duplicates the entire current layer, or a portion of the current layer, if there's a selection. It's a great feature, and one I use daily.
For some strange reason, Command-J doesn't do anything when there are two layers or a layer group selected. Why? I realise there's probably a decent technical reason for this, but a context sensitive “just dupe it” command would be really handy, even if it's actually several different methods behind the scenes. Is now a good time to mention that the Layer menu already contains an item that does most of these things, but it doesn't have a keyboard shortcut by default? Pre-emptive strike: Assigning a keyboard shortcut wouldn't help, as the menu item doesn't duplicate selections within a layer (Command-J does).
Default global angle of 90° #
Stop the nonsense. 120° is no good to anyone. Being able to save Layer Style defaults helped, but the global angle is still 120° for new documents. I don't know anyone who regularly uses anything other than 90° as their global angle, except Photoshop's UI team (madness!). Pre-emptive strike: No, it won't break old documents, as we're only talking about new document defaults.
I don't think this should be added as an option, the default should just be 90°. Snide remarks aside, any way of changing the default to 90° would be welcomed.
Update: Rich Dellinger and a few others have pointed out that it's possible to set a default angle by choosing Layer > Layer Style > Global Light with no documents open. It's times like these I love being wrong.
Vector shape editing nudge snap to pixel #
Nudge a layer and it moves in single pixel increments. Nudge a group and it moves in single pixel increments. Nudge a point on a vector path and it moves in sub-pixel increments. Very frustrating, as a lot of a designer's time is spent nudging elements around until a final layout is achieved. I understand why sub-pixel increments would be desirable sometimes, but pixel-aligned nudges are what I'm after most of the time. Please note that I'm asking for an option, not for the default behaviour to be changed.
Alex T Gordon suggested a workaround using snap to grid. That certainly helps. You can also zoom to 100% and nudge.
Circle vector shape snap to pixel #
Drawing a pixel-accurate vector circle in Photoshop is actually quite difficult. The best method I know is: Work out the correct size, zoom to 100%, draw the circle while keeping a close eye on the info palette so it's the size you need, then zoom back in to position (zooming to 100% ensures the circle's path is pixel aligned). If circles could snap to pixel, then I wouldn't have Zoom out to create a well formed object. It's only a minor inconvenience, but if you draw enough circles, the frustration builds.
Adam Betts suggests using a roundrect with a large corner radius as a vector circle replacement—a good suggestion as a workaround and the results seem identical.
Smarter layer names when merging #
When merging layers, the top layer's name is used for the result. It would be really nice if the topmost layer with a non-“Layer n” (where n is a number) name was used, keeping the topmost user-entered layer name. As it stands today, merging layers usually requires retyping in the layer name straight afterwards.
Movable Pen tool anchor points while drawing #
In Illustrator, it's possible to move a bezier point as it's being created. To do this, click and drag to create the bezier point, then hold space to move the anchor while the mouse button is still down. Photoshop's Pen tool can't do this. Suggested by Ney Ricardo.
Modal windows stop documents from opening #
If a document is dragged from the Finder to Photoshop's Dock icon, the document won't open if a modal window—like the color picker—is open. The best solution seems to be not having any modal windows, or less of them. Suggested by Dane Thomas.
Change blending mode for multiple layers at once #
Currently, it's possible to change the opacity of multiple layers at once. It'd be great if we could change the blending mode of all selected layers as well. Suggested by Alex Solonsky.
PVR image format support #
PowerVR images are commonplace in OpenGL projects and games. It'd be great to have PVR support in Save For Web & Devices. Saving as PNG then converting using another tool isn't as quick or nice as directly exporting images from Photoshop. If PVR is added, it would be important to support all the various compression modes.
Despite some recent rocky patches of her own on issues of race, Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton did not shy away from blasting her Republican rivals on the topic Wednesday, when she addressed a crowd at Al Sharpton‘s National Action Network Convention. In hard-hitting remarks, Secretary Clinton told the crowd that our “long national struggle with racism is far from finished, and we are seeing that in this election.”
Hillary then lit into Donald Trump and Ted Cruz over a litany of issues related to racism, and included a shot at Cruz's “New York Values” remark:
“So, ugly currents that have lurked just below the surface of our politics have burst into the open, and everyone sees this bigotry for what it is. Therefore, it is up to all of us to repudiate it.”
Clinton's remarks come as New York gears up for one of the most important primary elections in its history, in which they could greatly affect outcomes for candidates in both parties.
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
By Henry Makow Ph.D.
(Originally, "The Zionist Roots of the War on Terror" )
(Updated from Nov 18, 2002)
Until about 2002, I accepted Israel's self-image as a beleaguered, peace-loving nation in a sea of bloodthirsty Arabs. The idea that this tiny state had imperialist designs seemed ludicrous.
But what if, unknown to most people, Israel were a linchpin in the Illuminati's plan for New World Order?
What if Israel's role were to colonize the Middle East, and the West, and to become a seat of the world government & religion?
"Israel's Sacred Terrorism" (1980) by Livia Rokach, a 63-page online monograph suggests that this bizarre scenario may be true.
(left, Moshe Sharrett, 1894-1965)
Rokach's monograph is based on revelations from the personal diary of Moshe Sharett, Israeli's first Foreign Minister from 1948-1956, and Prime Minister from 1954-1956.
According to this diary which the Israelis tried to suppress, Israel's image of vulnerability was a ruse. Israel has always planned to become the dominant power in the region, and "invented dangers" in order to provoke wars and dupe its citizens into fighting them.
In his diary, Sharett quotes a conversation with Army Chief of Staff Moshe Dayan in May 1955:
"We face no danger at all of an Arab advantage of force for the next 8-10 years...Reprisal actions which we couldn't carry out if we were tied to a security pact are our vital lymph...they make it possible for us to maintain a high level of tension in our population and in the army. Without these actions we would have ceased to be a combative people... "
Sharett concludes: "The state.... must see the sword as the main if not the only instrument with which to keep its morale high and to retain its moral tension. Toward this end it may -- no it MUST -- invent dangers, and to do this it must adopt the method of provocation and revenge.... And above all, let us hope for a new war with the Arab countries so that we may finally get rid of our troubles and acquire our space." (41)
" COVERT AGGRESSION"
This policy of "reprisals" or "provocation and revenge" was also called "covert aggression." The series of false flag terror events we are experiencing is a continuation of it. Essentially it involves disguising a policy of aggression as retaliation for sham provocations. (Except now the aggression takes the form of "anti terror" policies to justify a police state, and war against a manufactured enemy "Islamic terrorism." )
For example, Israeli patrols would cross the border to attack Jordanians or Egyptians, and then claim the actions were attacks on Israel. Once "attacked," the army had to pursue the "aggressors" into enemy territory and wreaked havoc. Ariel Sharon was the leader of a squad ("Unit 101") that specialized in these murderous forays. His 1953 raid on the Jordanian village of Kibiyah killed dozens of civilians. (p.30)
In March 1954, an Israeli bus traveling between Eilat and Beersheba was attacked and 10 passengers were killed. The UN armistice Commissioner, a Col. Henderson said, "from the testimonies of the survivors, it is not proved that all the murderers were Arabs." He attributed the attack to "terrorists intent on increasing the tensions in the area." (28) Thereupon the Israelis left the Armistice Commission in protest.
In June-July 1954 an Israeli terrorist squad blew up many British and American institutions in Cairo in an attempt to sour relations between the Arabs and the West. Dubbed the "Lavon Affair," this was a precursor to the attack on the World Trade Centre and the current era of false flag terror.
From the point of view of "covert aggression", if terrorism didn't exist, Israel would have to create it.
Israeli commentators lament that Israel is not a democracy. They say the security establishment has hijacked the country. One pundit remarked, "Israel is not a state with an army, but an army with an affiliated state." They also lament that a culture of corruption, brutality and immorality pervades the army. See Ran Ha-Cohen, "Israeli Elections. So What"
THE USES OF Anti-SEMITISM
The Illuminati have always used anti-Semitism to trick Jews into advancing its nefarious goals.
In the "Protocols of the Elders of Zion" the speaker confesses that they have "wiped out every kind of rule except our own." Nevertheless they allow "anti Semitic" attacks on its plan for world domination in order to foster anti Semitism. "Anti-Semitism is indispensable to us for the management of our lesser brethren." (9-2)
From childhood, Jews are taught that they are disliked for no rational reason and Israel is insurance against another holocaust. This attitude dehumanizes their opponents and obviates the need for genuine self-criticism.
Traumatizing people and convincing them that irrational fiends threaten their survival is an effective form of mind control. Such people will throw morality and reason to the wind and, if necessary, become savage, mindless killers themselves. They are easily exploited and assist in their destruction.
Now the Illuminati is using this tactic on Westerners in general, with the collaboration of Zionist-controlled governments and media. The Mossad's fingerprints are all over 9-11. Apparently, Israel's Zim Container Lines moved their 200-man office out of the WTC two weeks before and no Israelis died in the attack. Seven of the 9-11 hijackers are still alive.
If Osama bin Laden didn't exist, the United States and Britain would have created him. According to the French daily Le Figaro, Bin Laden met with the CIA station chief in Dubai in July 2001. He served the purpose of inciting a bogus "clash of civilizations." Islamic extremism was initiated by Western intelligence. Islamic terror doesn't represent Muslims and is funded by the West and its allies. ISIS is widely regarded as a CIA-Mossad operation.
See also.
In conclusion, "covert aggression" has been reborn as false flag terror, and all Westerners are being put in the position of "persecuted" Jews.
------
See also Makow - "The Zionist Protection Racket"
-------------------- False Flag Terror The Oldest Trick in Zionist Toolbag
--------------------- Zionists Betrayed Non-Z Jews to Holocaust
--------------------- The Dreyfus Affair as a Rothschild Psyop
Alex Jones - Proof Boston Marathon was a False Flag
First Comment from Oscar:
Here's what people need to remember about the attacks in Paris on Friday the 13th of November 2015.
The Bataclan concert hall was jewish owned allegedly until September 11, 2015, when the jewish owners sold the complex after being a family business for 40 years.
There were emergency exercises planned and going on on the same day of the actual attacks and these exercises included multi-site events practically identical to what has unfolded in Paris, on cue.
The heads of intel of the USA, France and Israel discussed these "spontaneous" events a mere two weeks prior to the attacks.
All the alleged suspects are dead, leaving no necessity for any trials that would reveal who ordered the attacks.
Hundreds of people were present during the "attacks" yet no one has made available any photos or videos that adequately document the shootings and bombings.
The fact that ISIS allegedly has claimed the attacks clearly shows that the UNEI (US, NATO, EU, Israel) terror apparatus was and is well aware of who is behind the attacks since ISIS is an UNEI invention with one of its main headquarters in Amman, Jordan, where the CIA and the Mossad daily meet and further plan the shipping of cool Toyotas and of rocket launchers made in the USA - after they have reviewed with Rita Katz her next set of fake ISIS beheading videos, while still laughing their asses off for successfully fooling the world with the fake narrative about the Delta Force raid on Abu Sayyaf in Syria THAT NEVER HAPPENED.
https://truthnewsinternational.wordpress.com/2015/11/16/western-orchestrated-attacks-in-paris/
Linda writes:
It is very good that you have taken upon yourself the personal initiative to be that "troublesome person who is not distracted from discussions of the questions of The Political" (Protocols of Zion 13.3). In order to discuss The Political, one must turn to The Protocols of Zion. This is the Modus Agendi (12.3) of the "stage-management of peoples according to a political plan" (13.6).
Since this setting forth of "the work of the genius of our guide" (10.6) now is flung to the four quarters via the www and discussed with precision by websites like your own, this may be the best incentive for people to start walking off the set before this stupid movie and the whole meshuggeneh is in the can; namely their "bogey supernational state" (Protocol 5.11) soon to premier at box offices around the world. I can guarantee now that it will be as boring as hell, if only for the singular reason that they will forbid Christ. (They cover all this in Protocol 14).
It is the gentile masonry, however, the Masonic Agentur, of "Our State" upon which my wrath abides. These people have consented to become like the cgi orcs in The Hobbit.
To all the grand worshipfuls collaborating in this project, you goyishe kophs have it straight from the director's pre-viz that you will not be around for the final wrap. Your characters meet with a very unfortunate series of events in the final take of the ordo ab chao. And your script is non-negotiable. You have the bad-guy script and your Owners will see you through it. You only option is to just walk off the set now.
"The best results in governing them [the nations of Europe and all nations of post Christian European heritage] - are attained by violence and terrorization and not academic discussions. (1:3)
But never to underestimate the power and persuasion of discussions on the subject of The Political that are based upon the real Modus Agendi. It looks like in the new year, you will have at it again, Henry. You and all your readers and correspondents may laugh together yet. I hope so.
-------
Somtimes … you really surprise me. You were really excited about the idea of a gluten free earthquake cake when I pinned a version to my Must Make Gluten Free Pinterest Board, and I pinned it and everything so I guess I thought there was a chance. But I just didn't see that level of enthusiasm coming. I guess that's what keeps our relationship fresh and exciting. Oh, and of course you were so very right. Moist and tender, rich and deeply chocolatey sort of right. I never even realized that earthquake cake was a “thing,” but then I did some Internet sleuthing and see that it's most definitely a thing. Where have I been?
If you have any experience with earthquake cake, or if you merely click through to the recipe from which I adapted this or do some Internet sleuthing of your own, you'll notice quite a few differences between my version and others. The “traditional” version boasts a layer of butter and cream cheese beaten with quite a lot of confectioners' sugar placed on top of the cake batter, then swirled in. I tried that, multiple times, and every time I just couldn't get the cake to bake properly on top without burning on the bottom—and sometimes bubbling over into my poor oven. Was that ever unpleasant—but not altogether unexpected since butter has a fair amount of liquid in it and adding a whole bunch of it on top of an otherwise-already-complete chocolate cake doesn't even sound like a Very Good Idea. So I left it out, and cut back on the confectioners' sugar, too. Muuuuuuch better.
You can serve this cake while it's still warm, but just expect to serve it like a “dump cake” or a pudding of sorts. If you're looking for a clean slice like shown here, all you have to do is cool the cake completely and then chill it briefly before slicing. It's so moist, and frankly the richness is a bit more mellow when the cake is at cool room temperature, which I like. And of course you can double the ingredients and make it in a 9-inch x 13-inch baking pan, but an 8-inch cake was plenty for me, rich temptress that it is.
As Greece's government wrestles with the prospect of more austerity, anger and fear are darkening the streets
The banner said it all: "Imagine: disabled and poor." The sight of wheelchair-bound protesters demonstrating outside the Greek parliament against the latest round of cuts that Athens must enact in return for rescue loans reinforced the uncomfortable truth that, in the country where Europe's debt drama first began, the crisis is far from over.
While politicians were fixated on Germany's constitutional court ratifying the eurozone bailout mechanism and the general elections in Holland last week, Greece's three-party coalition was locked in fraught negotiations over a new €12.5bn (£10bn) austerity package. The cuts in disability benefit, ordered by debt inspectors from the "troika" of lenders at the EU, ECB and IMF, threw into sharp relief the tough process that the weakest member of the eurozone is being forced to suffer.
For the first time in living memory, military personnel took to the streets alongside police officers, fire brigade officials, teachers and doctors as Greeks vowed to resist further pay and pension cuts that have already led to plummeting living standards.
This week, before a general strike scheduled for 26 September – the 17th this year – judges will walk off the job, shaking one of the central pillars of Greek society.
Nearly three years into the debt crisis, the mood among Greeks has shifted from one of bewilderment and shock, borne of seeing their seemingly robust economy collapse almost overnight, to fury and fear as poverty and panic spread.
Increasingly, ordinary people are speaking of "blood being spilled" and even "civil war". After the hiatus of a long summer, there are few who doubt that Greece is about to enter an autumn of mass discontent as the endless efforts to keep bankruptcy at bay move into a menacing new phase.
"The situation is terrible," says Vassilis Grillas, a cab driver. "Every day, I see people who are in an awful state, who can't pay their bills – who, like me, are afraid that their homes will be confiscated because we all owe so much more than we have. If they keep on pushing us like this, blood will be spilled. Everyone will revolt. There will be a mass uprising for sure."
With about 1,000 jobs reportedly being axed every day, the statistics agency Elstat announced last week that unemployment had reached an unprecedented 23.6% – compared with 16.3% a year ago. The surge mirrors the dramatic decline in GDP in a country that has been plagued by recession for the past five years.
On Friday, as eurozone finance ministers met in Cyprus, the current holder of the rotating EU presidency, it became clear that Greece will have to wait at least six weeks before lenders decide whether it deserves the next €31.5bn instalment of aid, which is crucial to recapitalising Greek banks and the cash-starved economy. Deliberations over the loan, which was initially due in July, have put Athens's fragile coalition on tenterhooks.
Despite the IMF and EU both signalling that Greece will be granted the two-year extension it has called for to implement unpopular fiscal adjustment policies, the parties supporting the three-month-old government still find themselves in a difficult position: all three campaigned on refusing to endorse austerity measures that hit the most vulnerable members of society hardest.
As creditors continue to insist that painful cuts are the price of further aid, politicians from the Greek president downwards have voiced fears that Athens is being pushed too far.
Last week, President Carolos Papoulias decried the policies, telling visiting Canadian officials: "We've been given a merciless lashing. I think we have paid enough for our mistakes, and Europe must realise that it needs to help Greece."
The normally mild-mannered octogenarian expressed concern that the foundations of Greek democracy were being imperilled. The sight of police and senior naval and army officers taking to the streets last week prompted government officials to voice similar fears. Some spoke privately of "the quiet before the storm" amid anxiety that the prevailing uncertainty has prompted a rise in extremism. The far-right Golden Dawn party is not only gaining in popularity but increasingly taking law and order into its own hands, with attacks on immigrants nationwide.
Although there has been a discernible change in attitude towards Greece among fiscal hardliners in the EU led by Germany, the death spiral in which the economy finds itself – Greek debt still accounts for 166% of GDP – shows little sign of reversing. That has added to the mood of fury and fear, provoking criticism even among reform-minded Greeks of the troika and its policies.
"They don't seem to care about the country, all they seem to care about is balancing the current account and budget, re-financing debt that is non-sustainable," says Theodore Pelagidis, professor of economic analysis at Piraeus University. "No attention is given to improving competitiveness or the production markets. These are home economics, not the economics that should be applied to a country."
While the " Board of Awesomeness " might sound more like a college group project or a trivia night name than a team of professionals, Toyota does in fact have a research and design group that is more than happy to identify themselves with the moniker!
What does the board do? They're working together with Microsoft to develop hand gesture technology, where one can control features of a device by waving or moving their hands. According to Jim Lentz, President of Toyota Motor Sales, "Imagine a dashboard where there are no buttons to push… no screens to tap… and your eyes can remain focused on the road. That's exactly what Toyota is working on.”
He made the statement while speaking at the 2012 LA Auto Show about the future of safety and technology. It makes sense too, considering voice recognition technology isn't perfect when it comes to understanding the different accents and dialects we all have. The combination of voice plus hand gestures working in tandem could prove to be very useful for future car related technology. The end goal is to increase driver safety while reducing distractions.
The Board of Awesomeness team members currently have a skateboard that can change speeds by raising or lowering one's hands. It almost looks like an accessory you'd buy for a Nintendo Wii , doesn't it?
Some of the technology that they're working on is helping to influence another project in Japan as well. Currently, you can get an Entune infotainment system equipped into most newer Toyota vehicles, but they're hoping to take the hands-free concepts of Entune one step further by giving your car the ability to recognize you. Imagine walking up to your car, having it scan your face, and unlock the doors or trunk for you! Then when you sit down behind the wheel, your car greets you with a friendly "Hello". That's the vision of the SMART Insect , a concept vehicle which Lentz also spoke about.
In June 2008, The Atlantic ran an article titled “In the Basement of the Ivory Tower,” in which a pseudonymous “Professor X” offered harsh criticism gleaned from his experience teaching English composition and literature as an adjunct instructor on the lower rungs of America's institutes of so-called higher learning. He protested that despite our best egalitarian impulses, college isn't for everyone and in fact is obscenely costly and wasteful.
The provocative essay has now been expanded for the wider play (and pay) into In the Basement of the Ivory Tower, a book of the same title. Wanting to preserve his jobs, Professor X chose to remain anonymous and not single out the small private college and two-year community college where he's been teaching for 10 years, which he believes are representative of the wider problem.
As we know from books as diverse as “Primary Colors” and “Story of O,” anonymous authorship paradoxically can both heighten and undercut a book's impact. It can free a writer to be bolder and set off an identity guessing game; but it can also lead to less care or weight – as in anonymous Internet postings.
So who is Professor X? Good question. He's a self-deprecating middle-aged man, possibly parochial-school educated (he mentions a Sister Mary Finbar, who taught him in first grade that “a sentence is a group of words expressing a complete thought,” something his students don't seem to understand upon arrival at college).
Professor X's dream, after earning an MFA in Creative Writing, was to write fiction, but practicality and three children led to a job in government. Real estate lust and easy mortgages led him to buy a house beyond his means in a charming exurban village. This in turn led to marital stress, and to his nocturnal teaching gigs – which in turn led to both serious disillusion with the educational system in which he had become a cog, and enormous comfort in “the light of literature.”
Other things we learn about Professor X: the man can write, and he's passionate about literature. This does not mean, however, that what makes for a powerful essay is sustainable for an entire book. “In the Basement of the Ivory Tower,” while still providing plenty of grist for lively discussion, is regrettably disorganized in its structure and repetitive in its execution – rather like a term paper padded to fulfill minimum length requirements.
Most of the meat can be found up front, in the sharp preface. Professor X rues President Obama's push for universal college enrollment because so many students are “unprepared for the rigorous demands of higher education ... and a great many will not graduate.” The papers he receives are so unintelligible he wonders whether his students “had not had their fingers placed on the home keys while they typed.”
Yet students, “poignantly desperate for success,” continue to hock their futures with punitive loans because of the “wage premium for a college education,” and, more pointedly, “credential inflation,” that requires at least some college for an increasing number of fields (including nursing and state troopers).
Professor X is dismayed by the irreconcilable conflict “between open admissions and basic standards,” which turns low-rung community colleges into “vocational schools on steroids,” filled with students sorely in need of remedial education. As a teacher of English 101 and 102, two courses required for graduation, he has become a reluctant gatekeeper, determined to teach and grade to college standards rather than dumb down the material or succumb to compassionate grade inflation – decisions that have led him to fail as many as 9 out of 15 students in a single class.
While Professor X's memoir/diatribe touches on what he teaches and how, the agony of grading is a recurring obsession. In fact, in the avalanche of responses to his Atlantic essay, some of which he quotes, he was roundly criticized for focusing more on evaluating than on teaching.
While Professor X questions the value of a liberal arts education and familiarity with James Joyce's Molly Bloom for someone pursuing a career in, say, medical technology, he fails to question his own standards, which may be calibrated too high: In his grading scale, Anna Quindlen would earn just a B-minus!
One can't help wondering whether a shift toward thinking about community college as further education rather than higher education might ease the rub. If students enter at a ninth-grade level, wouldn't improvement of even a grade or two over a 15-week course have some value?
In criticizing our “blind faith in the power of education,” Professor X asserts that Americans “think of educators as something close to saints, and school as impervious to bottom-line concerns.” Tell that to teachers struggling to hang on amid draculean budget cuts.
Heller McAlpin, a freelance critic in New York, is a frequent Monitor contributor.
Join the Monitor's book discussion on Facebook and Twitter.
Chicago Blackhawks prospect Artemi Panarin picked up one last accolade from the KHL before he heads to North America.
Panarin, who signed with the Hawks on April 28, was named the league's most improved player Thursday evening.
The 23-year-old forward lead SKA St. Petersburg in scoring -- ahead of Ilya Kovalchuck -- with 26 goals and 62 points in 54 games. Panarin shared fourth in the KHL in points and fifth in goals and game-winning goals with seven. He was selected to the KHL All-Star Game for the first time in his career, but did not play.
He added 20 points -- tied for third most in the league -- in 20 playoff games during SKA's Gagarin Cup championship run. He tallied at least 20 goals in each of the last two seasons in the KHL with SKA.
Following his signing with the Hawks, he earned a silver medal at the Hockey World Championships after recording five goals and five assists in 10 games.
Panarin scored 183 points in 263 KHL games split across seven seven seasons with SKA (2012-15), Vityaz (2008-12, 2012-13) and Ak Bars (2011-12).
Follow Second City Hockey on Twitter at @2ndCityHockey and Like us on Facebook. You can follow Brandon Cain on Twitter at @ BrandonMCain.
In 2015, 149 people convicted of crimes large and small — from capital murder to burglary — were exonerated. It is the highest yearly total since this grim form of record-keeping began, in 1989.
In that time, there have been at least 1,733 exonerations across the country, and the pace keeps picking up. On average, about three convicted people are now exonerated of their crimes every week, according to the annual report of the National Registry of Exonerations. The registry defines an exoneration as a case in which someone convicted of a crime is cleared of all charges based on new evidence of innocence.
The individual cost to those wrongly convicted is steep: Last year's group spent an average of more than 14 years behind bars. Five had been sentenced to death. Amazingly, half of the exonerations involved cases in which no crime occurred at all — for example, a conviction of murder by arson that later turned out to be based on faulty fire science.
Equally eye-opening is the list of reasons behind these miscarriages of justice. For instance, 27 of last year's exonerations were for convictions based on a false confession. This happened most often in homicide cases in which the defendant was a juvenile, intellectually disabled, mentally ill or some combination of the three. In nearly half of all 2015 exonerations, the defendant pleaded guilty before trial.
It has recently come to our attention that Grand Theft Auto V will have multiple endings, which may be an ideal way to get the most out of the three protagonists, but we are not sure as to what extent this will be implemented. In addition, we have been informed that the main story alone is similar in size to that experienced in Red Dead Redemption, so in comparison to the long story involved in GTA IV, we get the impression gamers will be more likely to complete this title.
The latest comments from Dan Houser on the length of the game mentions that this version will not be as long as the last, as many gamers found the Grand Theft Auto IV story far too long with many admitting they never finished it. Going by the time compared to RDR it seems that GTA 5 will be around 25-30 hours and documenting this information received by Houser, GTA Forums.com also highlight that there will be plenty of secondary things to do, which is good news for those who intend to complete this within the time mentioned.
As little snippets of information continue to be revealed Houser answers questions like what other platforms this will make available, and the Wii U has not been entertained yet, although the PC version is expected to come out sometime after the Xbox and PS3 editions. Apparently from what has been divulged, players will not be able to switch between characters while they are in free roam or wanted, however, they are still working on this element, so suggestions of being able to escape from police with all three together would be a nice touch.
Many GTA enthusiasts out there may feel that the length of the previous title was not that long and the addition of more protagonists would complement a longer game. Others are more concerned with information on what we will be able to do, and whether tanks and extensive cheats will be on offer, such as flying cars, (in fact flying players would be fun). In-depth customization is another aspect of GTA V that gamers want to see, with more added to both player and vehicle elements.
Last week we looked at previous comments by Houser defending Rockstar's decision to continue work with the current gen consoles, as they have a familiar understanding of the limitations involved, although we are also under the impression that they would making a game for the new systems if they were expected anytime soon. Since the news of the next gen consoles will take over a new enhanced form of gaming, many developers have been discussing how much life is left in the current systems, but many people will disagree, with the feeling that the potential of the next gen has been a long time coming.
Going back to the original news, did you find GTA IV too long? Alternatively, do you feel the length of the last game would be preferred in Grand Theft Auto V?
The Standard Model is a kind of periodic table of the elements for particle physics. But instead of listing the chemical elements, it lists the fundamental particles that make up the atoms that make up the chemical elements, along with any other particles that cannot be broken down into any smaller pieces.
The complete Standard Model took a long time to build. Physicist J.J. Thomson discovered the electron in 1897, and scientists at the Large Hadron Collider found the final piece of the puzzle, the Higgs boson, in 2012.
Use this interactive model (based on a design by Walter Murch for the documentary Particle Fever) to explore the different particles that make up the building blocks of our universe.
Quarks u c t d s b Up Quark Discovered in: 1968 Mass: 2.3 MeV Discovered at: SLAC Charge: 2/3 Generation: First Spin: 1/2 About: Up and down quarks make up protons and neutrons, which make up the nucleus of every atom. Charm Quark Discovered in: 1974 Mass: 1.275 GeV Discovered at: Brookhaven & SLAC Charge: 2/3 Generation: Second Spin: 1/2 About: In 1974, two independent research groups conducting experiments at two independent labs discovered the charm quark, the fourth quark to be found. The surprising discovery forced physicists to reconsider how the universe works at the smallest scale. Top Quark Discovered in: 1995 Mass: 173.21 GeV Discovered at: Fermilab Charge: 2/3 Generation: Third Spin: 1/2 About: The top quark is the heaviest quark discovered so far. It has about the same weight as a gold atom. But unlike an atom, it is a fundamental, or elementary, particle; as far as we know, it is not made of smaller building blocks. Down Quark Discovered in: 1968 Mass: 4.8 MeV Discovered at: SLAC Charge: -1/3 Generation: First Spin: 1/2 About: Nobody knows why, but a down quark is a just little bit heavier than an up quark. If that weren't the case, the protons inside every atom would decay and the universe would look very different. Strange Quark Discovered in: 1947 Mass: 95 MeV Discovered at: Manchester University Charge: -1/3 Generation: Second Spin: 1/2 About: Scientists discovered particles with “strange" properties many years before it became clear that those strange properties were due to the fact that they all contained a new, “strange” kind of quark. Theorist Murray Gell-Mann was awarded the Nobel Prize for introducing the concepts of strangeness and quarks. Bottom Quark Discovered in: 1977 Mass: 4.18 GeV Discovered at: Fermilab Charge: -1/3 Generation: Third Spin: 1/2 About: This particle is a heavier cousin of the down and strange quarks. Its discovery confirmed that all elementary building blocks of ordinary matter come in three different versions. Leptons e μ τ υ e υ μ υ τ Electron Discovered in: 1897 Mass: 0.511 MeV Discovered at: Cavendish Laboratory Charge: -1 Generation: First Spin: 1/2 About: The electron powers the world. It is the lightest particle with an electric charge and a building block of all atoms. The electron belongs to the family of charged leptons. Muon Discovered in: 1937 Mass: 105.66 MeV Discovered at: Caltech & Harvard Charge: -1 Generation: Second Spin: 1/2 About: The muon is a heavier version of the electron. It rains down on us as it is created in collisions of cosmic rays with the Earth's atmosphere. When it was discovered in 1937, a physicist asked, “Who ordered that?” Tau Discovered in: 1976 Mass: 1776.82 MeV Discovered at: SLAC Charge: -1 Generation: Third Spin: 1/2 About: The discovery of this particle in 1976 completely surprised scientists. It was the first discovery of a particle of the so-called third generation. It is the third and heaviest of the charged leptons, heavier than both the electron and the muon. Electron Neutrino Discovered in: 1956 Mass: <2 eV Discovered at: Savannah River Plant Charge: 0 Generation: First Spin: 1/2 About: Measurements and calculations in the 1920s led to the prediction of the existence of an elusive particle without electric charge, the neutrino. But it wasn't until 1956 that scientists observed the signal of an electron neutrino interacting with other particles. Nuclear reactions in the sun and in nuclear power plants produce electron antineutrinos. Muon Neutrino Discovered in: 1962 Mass: <0.19 MeV Discovered at: Brookhaven Charge: 0 Generation: Second Spin: 1/2 About: Neutrinos come in three flavors. The muon neutrino was first discovered in 1962. Neutrino beams from accelerators are typically made up of muon neutrinos and muon antineutrinos. Tau Neutrino Discovered in: 2000 Mass: <18.2 MeV Discovered at: Fermilab Charge: 0 Generation: Third Spin: 1/2 About: Based on theoretical models and indirect observations, scientists expected to find a third generation of neutrino. But it took until 2000 for scientists to develop the technologies to identify the particle tracks created by tau neutrino interactions. Bosons Higgs Ɣ g W Z H Photon Discovered in: 1923 Mass: <1x10-18 eV Discovered at: Washington University Charge: 0 Spin: 1 About: The photon is the only elementary particle visible to the human eye—but only if it has the right energy and frequency (color). It transmits the electromagnetic force between charged particles. Physicists and their quantum theories treat the photon as a massless particle; so far even the most sophisticated experiments haven't found any evidence to the contrary. Gluon Discovered in: 1979 Mass: 0 Discovered at: DESY Charge: 0 Spin: 1 About: The gluon is the glue that holds together quarks to form protons, neutrons and other particles. It mediates the strong nuclear force. Z Boson Discovered in: 1983 Mass: 91.1876 GeV Discovered at: CERN Charge: 0 Spin: 1 About: The Z boson is the electrically neutral cousin of the W boson and a heavy relative of the photon. Together, these particles explain the electroweak force. W Boson Discovered in: 1983 Mass: 80.385 GeV Discovered at: CERN Charge: ±1 Spin: 1 About: The W boson is the only force carrier that has an electric charge. It's essential for weak nuclear reactions: Without it, the sun would not shine. Higgs Boson Discovered in: 2012 Mass: 125.7 GeV Discovered at: CERN Charge: 0 Spin: 0 About: Discovered in 2012, the Higgs boson was the last missing piece of the Standard Model puzzle. It is a different kind of force carrier from the other elementary forces, and it gives mass to quarks as well as the W and Z bosons. Whether it also gives mass to neutrinos remains to be discovered.
Launch the interactive model »
I remember that, when I was a very small child, my godmother used to travel from her home in Plymouth to the Isle of Skye for her summer holidays every year. And I remember telling her that it was a very, very long way, and her telling me that it was worth it, because there was something magical about Skye.
Maybe it was that memory that drew me towards this book. I'd like to think so, because I think that there is something of that same magic that my godmother found between these pages.
This a sto
I remember that, when I was a very small child, my godmother used to travel from her home in Plymouth to the Isle of Skye for her summer holidays every year. And I remember telling her that it was a very, very long way, and her telling me that it was worth it, because there was something magical about Skye.
Maybe it was that memory that drew me towards this book. I'd like to think so, because I think that there is something of that same magic that my godmother found between these pages.
This is a story told entirely in letters.
The first of those letters was written by David Graham of Illinois, in March 1912. He wrote to the author of a book of poetry that a friend had given him, telling her poems had really touched him, in a way that the tales of action and adventure that were his usual reading material never had.
Later that month Elspeth Dunn wrote back from the Isle of Skye, telling him of the sensation that a letter from America had caused in the small island post office, and expressing surprise and delight that somebody else in the world had read her verse.
Their correspondence went on – I noticed that both of those letters left ideas dangling that invited a response – and it became important to both of them. They both wrote warm, articulate, interesting letters that were a joy to read, and it was clear that their correspondence was valued by each of them.
There were lovely details, there were glimpses of their lives, and there was also things that went unsaid or undescribed. And so there were things that I could wonder about, and pictures for me to paint in my head.
They might have gone on sending letters back and forth across the Atlantic for years and years, but war came. That changed things ….
And then the story moved forward, to 1940 when the world was at war again. Margaret wrote to her fiancé, a pilot in the RAF, telling him of her concerns about her mother. She had found a cache of old letters but her mother had refused to talk about them. That made Margaret realise how little she knew about her family and about her mother's past. And when her mother disappeared Margaret decided that she had to find out.
She read the letters. She wrote to the uncle she had never met. And she travelled to the Isle of Skye, to her grandmother's home.
That cast a different light on what had happened on the war, and on the consequences of David and Elspeth's relationship.
I warmed to Margaret, and I wanted to find answers just as much as she did.
The story is cleverly and thoughtfully constructed. It's a little predictable in places, but I really didn't mind; I felt the same way reading this book that I felt reading a much loved book as a child, and wanting the pieces to fall into place the way that they did.
Which is not to say that everything fell into exactly the right place, that things worked out exactly as I wanted. They didn't. Because I was reading about real people, who I had come about, whose correspondence had engaged me, completely and utterly.
I've purposely avoided details, because if this story appeals you really should learn them all as you read those wonderful, wonderful letters.
And all I'm going to say about the ending is that I had tears in my eyes ….
So this is why we set up Google alerts!
A self-professing pot grower in Maryland says on a message board that he almost got busted yesterday because a Verizon (VZ) Fios installer supposedly ratted him out during a house visit.
We'll ask Verizon if it's true or not, but either way, an entertaining tale!
Update: A Verizon rep says the company has "been unable to find any technician or office that knows about this or was involved in anything like it. Urban legend?"
From "PuffPuffPuffGive" on the Roll It Up message boards:
So, I have a small clone garden growing, under 15 plants, in the washroom of my apartment.
I live in Maryland.
Out of the 15 plants, 10 are almost ready.
So, Verizon FIOS needs to enter my apartment to put their bullshit cable into my life. I take the day off work, move the plants to a room they won't be working in. (the plants are ak-47 clones, 1 week to harvest, stinky, about half a pound)
Verizon Fios enters, cuts holes in my ceiling, in the bathroom, the washingmachine/grow room (completely empty), and another room.
Then one of the motherfucking workmen calls the police on me for smelling bud.
Cops show up an hour later, say they've got a complaint, can they search? I say, No, that I smoked a joint earlier in the day and maybe they saw that, but why are they harassing me smoking a joint in my own house?
They go to the rental office, tell them that they could not verify the mj smell, and that they did not arrest me.
Do I have grounds to sue Verizon for this breach of privacy?
If so, anyone knows a MD lawyer?
or should I just shut up?
should I get rid of my gear? (we're moving june 14 to another , bigger apt in same complex)
I have no other legal issues.
Some help, commiseration would be great!
-Puff Puff
Appropriately on Monday, Mashable debuted the first character poster for Disney Pixar's Inside Out with Sadness, and now, all the posters for each of the emotions have arrived.
Disney-Pixar debuted the Inside Out character posters today for Disgust (Mindy Kaling), Anger (Lewis Black), and Fear (Bill Hader), and Joy (Amy Poehler). The studio also released a short, Debbie Downer-esque video featuring Sadness, who is voiced by Phyllis Smith, and a snooty video for Kaling's Disgust.
Up director Peter Docter takes the helm of Inside Out, which was inspired by his young daughter, Elie The film will follow the turmoils inside the mind of Riley (Kaitlyn Dias), a pre-adolescent girl uprooted from her life in the Midwest as she moves to San Francisco for her father's new job. Riley's emotions live in the Headquarters, the control center for Riley's mind, which conflict as Riley adjusts to new life at home and school.
Inside Out will be released Friday, June 29, 2015.
F1 stakeholders are due to begin talks within the next few weeks about concepts for engines beyond 2020, amid talk that the sport should move away from the current turbo hybrid V6 rules.
One suggestion has been for a simpler V8 engine – which could deliver as much power as F1 has currently but also bring a return to the noise of the past that some fans are craving.
But Todt has stated that F1 cannot divert off the path it has set on as it needs to remain road relevant with its technology.
"It will not be accepted by society," said Todt in the latest issues of the FIA's magazine Auto about the potential for V8 or V10 engines.
"We have a responsibility to run an organisation monitored by global society. And global society will not accept that.
"Indeed, I'm sure if you said, 'let's go back to engines from 10 years ago', many manufacturers would not support such a move. I'm convinced a minimum of three out of four would leave.
"Also, we know that stability is essential – firstly, to have as much competition as possible, and then to protect the investment. You cannot invest in new technology every year, it is not financially sustainable, and we already complain about the cost of racing, the cost of Formula 1 – a cost that for me is absurd."
Although the environmental impact of racing F1 cars is minimal, Todt believes that the sport has to be mindful of such concerns – and should make an effort to remain green.
He added: "When you see all of the emphasis that is put on climate change, on pollution, I feel we have the responsibility to participate. It is true a Formula 1 race will create less pollution than one plane going from Paris to New York, but we must be an example.
"And to be an example we cannot allow ourselves to create unnecessary pollution because it's just the wrong image."
Hydrogen the future
Speaking about where motor racing could be heading, Todt said that hydrogen engines could be the future.
"I'm convinced that hydrogen will be a technology that will be used in the future," said Todt.
"Maybe in five years the zero car in rallying will be a driverless car. I think motor sport is changing, will keep changing. But we must make sure that we keep the best ingredients together.
"Again, that is one of our responsibilities – to decide not what we will do next year, but what Formula One should be in 2021, in 2030 – what rallying should be, what endurance racing should be.
"The heart of the sport will still be there but it has to take into consideration the evolution of society.”
- Advertisement -
Israeli Settlement Construction Fallout
Expect little from world leaders to stop Israel.
by Stephen Lendman
- Advertisement -
Netanyahu's E1 Ma'aleh Adumin settlement construction announcement drew considerable flack. What it means remains to be seen. Palestinian rights have been spurned for decades. Expect little change now.
At issue is separating the West Bank from Jerusalem, Judaizing the entire city, surrounding Palestinian urban areas with encroaching Israeli settlements, and allegedly preventing a two-state solution no longer possible with or without E1 development.
Netanyahu and previous Israeli prime ministers promised none. Plans were drawn long ago. Now they're announced. Washington and major Western partners knew about them all along. They said nothing earlier.
- Advertisement -
If completed, Ma'ale Adumin settlement will be connected to Jerusalem. Doing so divides the West Bank into separate north/south areas.
Washington expressed weak opposition. National Security spokesman Tommy Vietor called the move "counterproductive." UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon was no better.
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9
Monckton Myth #11: Carbon Pricing Costs vs. Benefits
Posted on 14 February 2011 by dana1981
As part of an ongoing series looking at Christopher Monckton's response to Mike Steketee and as a new addition to the Monckton Myths, this post examines Monckton's claims about the costs vs. benefits of carbon pricing. Monckton made the following claim in his comment #24 to Steketee:
Every serious economic analysis...has demonstrated that the costs of waiting and adapting to any adverse consequences that may arise from “global warming”...would be orders of magnitude cheaper and more cost-effective than any Canute-like attempt to prevent any further “global warming” by taxing and regulating CO2 emissions. It follows that adaptation to the consequences of “global warming” will get easier and cheaper the longer we wait: for then we will only have to adapt to the probably few and minor consequences that will eventually occur, and not until they occur, and only where and to the extent that they occur.
The final portion of this argument is entirely nonsensical. As the planet continues to warm, the adverse consequences of climate change will continue to increase, and thus the costs of adapting to them will continue to rise. Here Monckton is implicitly assuming that the cost of preventing consequences will be less than or equal to the cost of adapting to consequences. If this assumption were correct, it would indeed be most cost-effective to wait and simply adapt to the consequences of climate change. However, as this article will show, Monckton's assumption is incorrect - preventing climate change is significantly cheaper than adapting to it.
Accounting for Benefits
An unfortunate aspect of economic analyses of the impacts of carbon pricing is that they usually only consider the costs of such legislation, while ignoring the benefits associated with slowing global warming. The benefits are essentially the damage avoided by preventing a certain amount of climate change from happening (by reducing carbon emissions). Quite obviously, evaluating the benefits of an action is a key component to any cost-benefit analysis. By ignoring the benefits, it becomes easier to make an argument like Monckton's that the costs of carbon pricing are excessive.
For example, according to a 2010 United States Office of Budget and Management (OMB) Report, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issued 30 major environmental regulations from 1999 to 2009 at an estimated cost of $25.8 billion to $29.2 billion. Sounds like a lot of money, right?
Maybe not so much when we also examine the estimated benefits of these regulations, which ranged from $81.9 billion to $533 billion. Clearly ignoring the benefits can lead to a very skewed evaluation of environmental regulations. In the case of these other EPA regulations, $29 billion may sound like a high cost, but the benefits outweighed the costs 3 to 20 times over! The same is true of climate legislation. Perhaps putting a price on carbon emissions will cost $600 billion, but how do these costs compare to the benefits from reducing carbon emissions?
US Climate Action Analysis
The New York University School of Law's Institute for Policy Integrity (IPI) performed a cost-benefit analysis of H.R. 2454: the American Clean Energy and Security Act of 2009 (a.k.a. Waxman-Markey - the climate legislation passed by the US House of Representatives). The legislation benefits were estimated by multiplying the estimated amount of greenhouse gas emissions avoided by the monetary valuation of incremental damage from each ton of greenhouse gas emissions (the "social cost of carbon").
Social Cost of Carbon
The social cost of carbon (SCC) is effectively an estimate of the direct effects of carbon emissions on the economy, and takes into consideration such factors as net agricultural productivity loss, human health effects, property damages from sea level rise, and changes in ecosystem services. It is a difficult number to estimate, but is key to any cost-benefit analysis of climate legislation.
The US Department of Energy has used an SCC starting value of $19 per ton, which increases to $68 in 2050 using a discount rate of 3 to 5%. A thorough 2009 inter-agency review of existing estimates SCC puts the starting value at $33 per ton with a 3% discount rate, increasing to $118 in 2050. The EPA estimates the starting value at $68 per ton with a 2% discount rate, increasing to $242 in 2050.
Discount Rate
The term 'discount rate' used above refers to the time value of money - how much more a dollar is worth to us today than next year. A high discount rate means we would much rather have money today than in the future.
In part of Monckton's argument #24 which was omitted from the quote above, he excludes the Stern Review (discussed below) from his category of "serious economic analyses" primarily due to "its absurd near-zero discount rate." The Stern Review used a discount rate of approximately 1.4%. Australian Economist John Quiggin has discussed the Stern Review discount rate and its critics, and notes that a much higher rate is tantamount to telling future generations that they "can go to hell for all we care," since high discount rates place much lower weight on the welfare of future generations.
The choice of discount rate is rather subjective, and a case can certainly be made that the 1.4% value used in the Stern Review is reasonable. However, those who believe a 1.4% discount rate is too low can put more stock in the IPI study, which considered discount rates ranging from 2% to 5%. 3% seems to be the most widely-used value.
Cost-Benefit Analysis
The legislation costs were estimated from analyses performed by the EPA and Congressional Budget Office, as discussed in the "CO2 limits will harm the economy" rebuttal. The direct benefits were estimated using various SCC values. Indirect benefits such as slowing of ocean acidification and incidental reduction in co-pollutants were omitted from the analysis; therefore, the benefit estimates are quite conservative.
The IPI illustrates how the costs and benefits of H.R. 2454 compare for two economic models (ADAGE and IGEM) in relation to SCC in Figure 1.
Figure 1: Costs (light blue and red points) and Benefits (dark blue and purple points) vs. SSC values ($ per ton of carbon dioxide) for H.R. 2454 using two economic models (ADAGE and IGEM)
As you can see in Figure 1, for an SCC of just $9 per ton of carbon dioxide, the direct benefits of H.R. 2454 match the costs, and for any higher value of SCC, the benefits outweigh the costs. Using the DOE SCC of $19, the direct benefits exceed the costs by a factor of 2.3. Using the inter-agency SCC of $33, the ratio rises to 4. Using the EPA SCC of $68, direct benefits outweigh costs by a factor of 8.3. The IPI cost-benefit analysis concluded as follows.
Using conservative assumptions, the benefits of H.R. 2454 could likely exceed the costs by as much as nine‐to‐one, or more. The estimated benefits do not include a significant number of ancillary and un‐quantified benefits, such as the reduction of co‐pollutants (particularly sulfur dioxide and nitrogen dioxide), the prevention of species extinction, and lower maintenance costs for energy infrastructure. Due to those limitations, the benefits estimates should be considered to be very conservative."
Global Climate Action Cost-Benefit Analysis
The benefits of reducing greenhouse gas emissions can also be viewed as the cost of doing nothing. The Stern Review on the Economics of Climate Change is perhaps the most well-known evaluation of this cost. The Stern Review estimated that taking no action to reduce greenhouse gas emissions would cost 5% to 20% of the global Gross Domestic Product (GDP) by 2100. The Stern Report also estimated that reducing greenhouse gas emissions to avoid the worst impacts of climate change can be limited to around 1% of global GDP each year. Assessments of proposed climate legislation in the USA have also concluded that they would signigficantly reduce the country's greenhouse gas emissions at a cost on the order of 1% of national GDP.
Another report by the German Institute of Economic Research concluded that "If climate policy measures are not introduced, global climate change damages amounting to up to 20 trillion US dollars can be expected in the year 2100....The costs of an active climate protection policy implemented today would reach globally around 430 billion US dollars in 2050 and around 3 trillion US dollars in 2100."
A study prepared for the European Commission's Directorate General-Environment evaluated the costs and benefits of various atmospheric carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) concentration scenarios (Watkiss et al. 2005). The study found that in their 450 parts per million (ppm) atmospheric CO 2 concentration scenario (590 ppm by 2200), the total damage caused by climate change would amount to $32 trillion by the year 2200. In the IPCC A2 scenario (815 ppm by 2100, 1,450 ppm by 2200), the climate change-caused damage by 2200 is $73 trillion. In other words, if we achieve the internationally-accepted goal of limiting atmospheric CO 2 to approximately 450 ppm this century, the global economic benefit will be approximately $41 trillion by 2200.
In all of these analyses, the benefits of reducing greenhouse gas emissions outweigh the costs by trillions of dollars. Combining the results of the German Institute for Economic Research and Watkiss et al. studies, we find that the total cost of climate action (cost plus damages) in 2100 is approximately $12 trillion, while the cost of inaction (just damages) is approximately $20 trillion (Figure 2). This figure is also available in the Skeptical Science Hi Rez Climate Graphics.
Figure 2: Approximate costs of climate action (green) and inaction (red) in 2100 and 2200. Sources: German Institute for Economic Research and Watkiss et al. 2005
Economists Support Climate Action
Most economists who study the economics of climate change agree that action to reduce greenhouse gas emissions is necessary. As Robert Mendelsohn (professor of forest policy and economics at Yale University) put it, "The [economic] debate is how much and when to start." Some economists believe that we should immediately put a high price on carbom emissions, while others like Yale's William Nordhaus believe we should start with a low carbon price and gradually ramp it up.
In a recent interview, Nordhaus - whose models project a smaller economic impact than most - said that regardless of whether the models showing larger or smaller economic impacts from climate change are correct, "We've got to get together as a community of nations and impose restraints on greenhouse gas emissions and raise carbon prices. If not, we will be in one of those gloomy scenarios."
How Much Are You Worth?
One flaw in these economic studies is that it's very difficult to put a price on things like biodiversity, cultural diversity, human life, etc. For example, if unabated climate change results in a famine in Kenya, or the Maldives is lost to rising sea levels, the loss of life and culture won't have much impact on the global economy, but I think we can all agree that there is a significant non-economic loss associated with these types of events. Likewise if a number of species fail to adapt to the rapidly changing climate, the loss associated with this reduction in biodiversity goes beyond whatever small economic impact is modeled in these studies.
Summary
Cost-benefit analyses of proposals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions have consistently concluded that the benefits far outweigh the costs. In the USA, the direct benefits of the legislation which was passed by the House of Representatives (but later killed by the Senate) would have outweighed the costs by a factor of 2 to 9 (a net savings of at least $1 trillion by 2050), under conservative assumptions (ignoring indirect benefits such as reduction of co-pollutants and ocean acidification).
Analyses of global carbon emissions reductions scenarios all show that the benefits outweigh the costs by trillions of dollars. Most economists agree that steps to reduce greenhouse gas emissions are necessary - the debate is not whether we need to put a price on carbon emissions, but how high the price should be.
Monckton's Point #24 is Wrong
In the studies discussed above, the benefits are effectively equivalent to the costs of adaption if we fail to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. In all of these analyses, the benefits significantly outweighed the costs of putting a price on carbon emissions. Therefore, we have here four examples of eceonomic analyses concluding that the costs of pricing carbon are much lower than the costs of adapting to climate change.
Let us once again examine Monckton's assertion #24.
Every serious economic analysis...has demonstrated that the costs of waiting and adapting to any adverse consequences that may arise from “global warming”...would be orders of magnitude cheaper and more cost-effective than any Canute-like attempt to prevent any further “global warming” by taxing and regulating CO2 emissions.
The four economic analyses discussed above are certainly "serious." It would be difficult to argue otherwise; however, since Monckton has not provided a single example of an economic analysis which concludes that the costs of adaptation will be less than the costs of carbon pricing, it is difficult to ascertain exactly what he considers a "serious economic analysis."
The conclusions of these studies also raise a key question - if economic analyses consistently show that not only will the costs of putting a price on carbon emissions be minimal, but the benefits will significantly outweigh the cost, what exactly are we waiting for?
Davante Adams got some good news in the past few hours. The Green Bay Packers wide receiver was sent to the hospital on Thursday night following a vicious hit by Chicago Bears linebacker Danny Trevathan, leaving the field on a stretcher and going immediately into an ambulance.
After the game, the Packers announced that Adams was being evaluated for a concussion and for head and neck injuries.
On Friday morning, there is good news on Adams' status from NFL.com's Ian Rapoport. According to his report, Adams had an MRI at some point over the past 12 hours, and the results of that report are deemed clean.
This appears to rule out any structural damage to the head or neck, including the spinal column, which should be a massive relief for Adams and his family.
Adams does, however, have a concussion, and will be placed in the NFL's concussion protocol when he is released from the hospital. Given the severity of the hit, it seems likely that the Packers will take their time in moving Adams through the protocol, which is explicit in its guidelines on when a player may return to the field.
This is at least the second concussion of Adams' career. In the 2016 season, he was concussed in a week six game against the Dallas Cowboys. However, Adams was surprisingly cleared to play just four days later when the Packers played the Bears on Thursday Night Football in week seven.
We wish Adams all the best in his recovery and hope first and foremost that he is able to return to normal life functions quickly.
UPDATE: Adams posted on Twitter Friday afternoon that he has made it home:
Sen. Patrick Brazeau has pleaded not guilty to a charge of refusing to submit to a breathalyzer test.
Brazeau was not in court this morning in the western Quebec community of Gatineau.
The case has been put over until Oct. 26.
The alleged incident took place on April 3.
Last year Brazeau pleaded guilty to reduced charges of assault and possession of cocaine after a more serious charge of sexual assault was dropped because the Crown said it did not have sufficient evidence. He received an unconditional discharge.
Brazeau, 41, is also facing charges of fraud and breach of trust in connection with his Senate expense claims. He has pleaded not guilty to those charges but has not been tried.
Brazeau is currently on a leave of absence from the Senate with pay.
Brazeau was suspended from the Senate without pay in 2013 along with two other senators over their Senate expenses, but that suspension was lifted when Parliament was dissolved for the 2015 federal election. Brazeau's salary was clawed back for several months to repay about $50,000 in expenses.
The US Senate talks a good game about sending humans to Mars. The group holds itself up as the protector of NASA and a champion for the space organization's grand exploration aims. For example, as part of this spring's appropriations process, the chairman of the Senate subcommittee with oversight of NASA's budget chided Charlie Bolden, the space agency's administrator, when his budget request didn't amply fund exploration.
"Mr. Administrator, you have traveled around the country in recent months touting NASA's strong support for the SLS and Orion missions, when in reality this budget will effectively delay any advancement in a NASA-led human mission to Mars, or anywhere at all," Sen. Richard Shelby, a Republican senator from Alabama, told Bolden during a hearing in March.
Shelby was upset with Bolden because the president's budget request did not seek a stratospheric level of funding for the Space Launch System rocket, which is being designed at Marshall Space Flight Center in Alabama. And if there were any doubt about his parochial intent, consider Shelby's own position statement on NASA: "The ability of NASA to achieve our goals for further space exploration has always been and always will be through Marshall Space Flight Center."
In his efforts to rectify the budget, Shelby therefore increased the funding for NASA's heavy lift rocket by $840 million, a 60 percent bump. To help pay for this, his committee cut the space agency's technology budget request from $826.7 million to $686.5 million. Additionally, the committee specified that $130 million of the space technology budget should be spent on the RESTORE-L initiative to refuel the aging Landsat 7 satellite.
This week we learned one of the consequences of those cuts. According to a report in Space News, James Reuter, NASA deputy associate administrator for space technology, said Tuesday the Low Density Supersonic Decelerator project would get only a small fraction of its originally planned budget of $20 million for 2016. The cut exemplifies the political hamstringing of NASA's exploration efforts.
One of many significant challenges NASA must overcome to put humans on Mars is landing large payloads on the surface of the Red Planet. Most everyone remembers the daring Seven Minutes of Terror technology required to safely land the Curiosity rover on Mars in 2012. However, Curiosity was still a comparatively small 900kg payload. Human and cargo missions to Mars would be much larger and therefore an order of magnitude more challenging. For example, even the relatively bare-bones lunar module used during the Apollo missions weighed 15,200kg at launch. Designing a landing system to put such a heavy payload on Mars, with only a very thin atmosphere for braking, represents a major engineering problem. The landing project NASA has now been forced to cut was to test inflatable decelerators and advanced parachutes for this purpose.
NASA's space technology program was created in 2010 to address the myriad challenges in deep space exploration. But Congress has generally not been supportive, only funding about half of what President Obama has requested since then. This year, some of NASA's limited space technology funds will go toward the rocket to speed up its development—never mind NASA doesn't have the funds to really develop meaningful missions for this accelerated timeline. And instead of spending space technology funds on Mars projects, they will go to an Earth-observing Landsat satellite managed by Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland.
Perhaps that should come as no surprise. To get such a large increase for the SLS rocket, Shelby had to work with the vice chairwoman of the subcommittee, Maryland Democratic Senator Barbara Mikulski. Prior to those negotiations, in March of this year, Shelby addressed Mikulski during a hearing: "I look forward to one last year of writing this Subcommittee's appropriations bill together. It is my hope that we can get NASA's budget right again this year."
Job done, it would seem. Thanks to their bipartisan deal, the Senate appropriators would have us believe all is well on the road to Mars. NASA would, too. When Mikulski announced her retirement, effective at the end of this year, she was feted as a champion of NASA, science, and human exploration. Bolden, the NASA administrator, said, “Senator Mikulski has been a tireless champion for NASA and has helped pave the way for future exploration and our journey to Mars."
The Indian Army has reportedly taken delivery of three indigenously developed 155mm Dhanush artillery guns from Gun Carriage Factory (GCF).
Developed by the Ordnance Factory Board (OFB), the new artillery gun is a towed howitzer with a strike range of 38km.
The guns have been developed following the submission of design documents under the Phase I of Transfer of Technology (ToT) during the Bofors gun deal, The Press Trust of India reported, citing a GCF official.
The army had ordered six howitzers following a series of successful trials, in which the gun successfully fired nearly 2,000 rounds in different climatic conditions.
"Another consignment of three guns is being readied and these howitzers too will be delivered to the army shortly."
GCF joint general manager and PRO Sanjay Shrivastava were quoted by the PTI as saying: "Three 155mm howitzers (Dhanush) have been handed over to the army recently for user's trial.
"Another consignment of three guns is being readied and these howitzers too will be delivered to the army shortly.”
The army is seeking 114 Dhanush guns in total from GCF, in an effort to increase its firepower.
Also called Desi Bofors, the Dhanush gun features electronic gun-laying and sighting systems and has an enhanced 11km range, when compared to the 27km range of the imported Bofors.
Image: An Indian Army artillery gun. Photo: courtesy of Gopal1035.
On Tuesday night, as Coun. Kristyn Wong-Tam was waiting to find out if her latest motion would be heard by council before they adjourned for the day, a 25-year old woman was killed by a car as she tried to cross Sentinel road in North York. It was the fifth pedestrian fatality on Toronto streets in less than a week.
Wong-Tam, who represents Ward 27, Toronto Centre-Rosedale, says pedestrian deaths are on the verge of becoming a public health crisis, and that's why she's pushing the city to fast-track a program designed to make the streets safer.
Coun. Kristyn Wong-Tam, who represents Ward 27, Toronto Centre-Rosedale, says five years is too long to implement the Vision Zero pedestrian safety plan. Her motion calls for a two-year implementation schedule. (CBC)
"I think that if we can do more as a city to prevent serious injury and deaths, then we should do so," Wong-Tam said. "What I'm proposing is that we accelerate the roll out of this plan, and to do everything we can to save lives."
The plan she's referring to is the Vision Zero Road Safety Plan, a five year initiative that aims to reduce traffic-related deaths. Wong-Tam's motion, which will be considered by council Wednesday, calls on the city to get the implementation done in two years.
The plan promises to make a number of changes to Toronto streets, including:
Creating seniors' safety zones at 12 locations.
Installing red light cameras at 76 new locations.
Conducting road safety audits at 14 locations at high risk for collisions.
Lowering speed limits along 32 more corridors.
Increasing pedestrian walk times at 50 more intersections.
Expanding the school "Watch Your Speed" program at 20 more locations.
While Wong-Tam supports the plan, she believes five years is too long to wait to fully implement it.
But not everybody agrees with her, including the chair of the Public Works and Infrastructure committee, which oversees Vision Zero.
A 50-year old man was struck by a car and killed in Scarborough Thursday. (Andy Hincenbergs/CBC)
Coun. Jaye Robinson actually authored the motion to bring the Vision Zero plan to Toronto. It was passed by council last year, which was also the deadliest for pedestrians in a decade. Forty-three pedestrians were killed on Toronto streets in 2016.
Robinson says Wong-Tam doesn't realize is the plan has already picked up speed on its own.
"We've been accelerating it the whole way through. We've been adding staff as quickly as we can add them," Robinson said. "We've been spending more money and we've been rolling things out faster than ever before."
Coun. Jaye Robinson says the Vision Zero Road Safety Plan implemented new school safety zones this year. (CBC)
Robinson says changes are already happening throughout the city. She says in many communities, intersections have been reconfigured to make them safer, and they've rezoned many areas of the city.
"We've been focusing on senior safety zones, as well as this fall we've launched, for children, school safety zones," Robinson said.
Robinson doesn't deny that it's been a tragic seven days on Toronto streets, but she says the overall number of fatalities is down this year compared to last. There have now been 26 pedestrians killed by vehicles so far this year.
But that won't deter Wong-Tam from bringing her motion before council.
"It does not excuse us from doing the work faster," she said.
The milestone agreement between Iran and US aircraft manufacturer Boeing will include the purchase of 109 passenger planes, split almost equally between 737 and 777 models, Reuters quotes an unnamed Iranian official.
Read more
In addition, Iran's national airline plans to acquire the latest version of Boeing's 747 jumbo jet under the deal that has yet to be approved by both the Iranian and US governments, the official said.
He said half of the 109 aircraft ordered would be narrow-body 737 jets with the financing yet to be finalized.
The provisional agreement is the first deal for Boeing with the Islamic Republic since the Iranian Revolution in 1979.
Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif hopes the deal with the US plane maker would speed up finalizing a $27 billion contract with Airbus to buy 118 planes.
The deals will only go ahead after receiving export licenses from the US Treasury for the significant American technology built into both Boeing and Airbus airliners.
“We thought to speed up our ties with Airbus, we should make a deal with Boeing first. Now we feel the situation is ripe for both,” Iranian Foreign Minister Zarif told ILNA news agency.
Iran to purchase 118 Airbus planes & set up joint venture with PSA Peugeot Citroenhttps://t.co/QJP35MXXbTpic.twitter.com/5HEFVlYKux — RT (@RT_com) January 28, 2016
Iran's air fleet needs a significant upgrade with 230 of its 250 passenger planes requiring extensive maintenance, according to the head of the country's Civil Aviation Organization, Ali Abedzadeh.
Last week, Michelle Obama made headlines when she exhorted graduating high schoolers in a commencement address to monitor their families for politically incorrect thoughts and behaviors.
To one journalist, this was more than an off-hand comment made by the first lady. In the opinion of Cheryl Chumley, a reporter for The Washington Times and the author of “Police State USA,” Michelle Obama's remark reflects a growing trend in America to target and attack individuals for committing “thought crime.”
“Michelle Obama's push for kids around the nation to monitor their family members for perceived racist comments is just another way the government seeks to inject itself into an area it doesn't really belong — the American home,” Chumley told The Daily Caller Monday.
“Having the first lady wag her finger at us and send America's youth on some sort of quest to scour the homes and backyards of our nation's families for any mention of a racist joke, slur or slight is nanny-governance run amok — something that belongs in a George Orwell novel, not the White House, Chumley said.”
Chumley sees a troubling growth of America's most powerful political figures now singling out private individuals for their beliefs, and using government agencies and public denunciations to intimidate opponents into silence.
“Harry Reid attacking the Koch brothers for the crime of giving money to conservative causes is just as bad. President Obama, Joe Biden and the entire cast of the White House, for slamming lawful gun owners for exercising their Second Amendment rights, and for trying to drum up emotional-fueled support to ram through gun control,” Chumley listed off. “The IRS targeting of tea party and patriotic non-profits and our nation's highest law enforcement official, Eric Holder stonewalling on a special prosecutor appointment — does it get any more police state than that?”
The Washington Times reporter sees the creation of hate crime laws as one of the first steps in our country's history in the direction of attacking unpopular and politically incorrect thoughts in America.
“What comes to mind when I think of the genesis for this growing trend of government to control Americans' speech, and by extension, thoughts, is when the notion of hate crime was brought into our criminal prosecution system — as if acts of violence that are committed because of racial divides deserve a different category of ‘extra-special bad,'” Chumley stated.
“Political correctness and pandering politicians have fueled this narrative in recent years. Anybody who throws the race card on a regular basis — think Eric Holder, Al Sharpton, Harry Reid — is guilty to a certain degree of clamping down on free speech, and in turn, making Americans even wary of what they think.”
And it's not just the government enforcing this new speech code, in Chumley's opinion — private companies are just as complicit in regulating speech that's deemed offensive by the government and media.
“Private companies, like A&E with the “Duck Dynasty” debacle, are getting just as bad as government when it comes to clamping down on free speech, especially when religious views are involved — or, of late, the gay rights movement,” Chumley stated. “I'm all for businesses reacting to free market pressures from their customer base — but really, they need to show a little more spine.”
In Chumley's opinion, Americans growing a backbone and holding firm to their beliefs would be enough to resist this apparent infringement on individual rights.
“When Dan Cathy, president of Chick-fil-A, stood strong in the face of gay rights activists, you didn't see his business crumble and fold. Rather, you saw those who believe in freedom of speech rise up and stand in Chick-fil-A lines across the nation to support him,” the “Police State USA” author stated. “The only answer is to refuse to be cowed. We're a nation that's founded on the belief that rights come from God, not government.”
Follow Scott on Twitter
Join the conversation on The Daily Caller
Read more stories from The Daily Caller
Is America Starting To Target Thought Crime?
Guess What Word The BBC Is Censoring
Pelosi Calls Obamacare 'Beautiful', Admits She's One Of 'Biggest Fundraisers' In Country
WHOA: Cement Mixing Truck Nearly Tips Over [VIDEO]
For 2016, Voters Prefer Dope-Smoking, Philandering, 70-Something Lesbian Over Atheist
Former WNBA star Nykesha Sales will join the UCF women's basketball staff, led by first year coach Katie Abrahamson-Henderson.
Sales was a household name in Central Florida as a former competitor for the market's now defunct WNBA team, the Orlando Miracle. The Miracle relocated to Connecticut where Sales continued her WNBA career with the Connecticut Sun and remains the leading scorer in franchise history at 3,955 points.
Sales, who is an eight-time league all-star, also completed a storied college career at UConn. She left the Huskies' program in 1998 as the then leading scorer in history and still ranks among the top five with 2,178 points and owns the school record for career steals at 447.
“We are very excited that Nykesha has joined our women's basketball family. She will be a huge asset to our program,” Abrahamson-Henderson said in a press release. “Nykesha is a winner and a proven champion in every aspect of her life. Clearly, her resume speaks volumes in terms of her basketball career. Nykesha will be a great teacher of the game, and her experience will add to the skill development of our players, especially the wings and small forwards. Her personality and ability to relate and connect with people will definitely be a positive addition to our program with recruiting top notch players around the country and internationally.”
The addition of Sales, who has lived in Orlando for the past 14 years, could help boost attendance figures for the Knights. UCF averaged 672 fans through 15 homes games last season where the team finished 7-23 last season under former head coach Joi Williams.
Mike Groll / Associated Press UCF hired former Albany coach Katie Abrahamson-Henderson to lead its women's basketball program. UCF hired former Albany coach Katie Abrahamson-Henderson to lead its women's basketball program. (Mike Groll / Associated Press) (Mike Groll / Associated Press)
E-mail Shannon Green at sgreen@orlandosentinel.com. Follow her on Twitter at @osknights.
Saturday afternoon, the Senate failed to achieve cloture on a proposal to extend the Bush-era tax cuts for family incomes below $250,000 but end them for incomes above this threshold.
Perhaps the most likely outcome, according to reporting by The Times and other news organizations, is that the tax cuts — which expire at the end of the year if Congress takes no action — will eventually be extended at least temporarily for everyone, including high-income earners, as the White House seeks to cut its losses.
There's been quite a bit of debate in the blogosphere about how Democrats have handled the negotiations. Some liberal-leaning writers, in particular, have suggested that Democrats have played a poor game of poker, having folded their hand before they really needed to.
I'm more inclined to agree with my colleague David Leonhardt, however: the Democrats' position — while perhaps not backing them all the way into a corner — is not very strong.
There are essentially three possible outcomes in the debate: first, that the tax cuts are extended for everyone; second, that they are extended for no one; and third, that they are extended only below some threshold, most likely $250,000 for couples (although alternatives like $500,000 and $1 million have been proposed).
The way in which Republicans would rank these outcomes is clear. Their first preference would be to extend the tax cuts for everyone. But presumably, when push comes to shove, they'd prefer to extend some of the tax cuts — on incomes below $250,000 — instead of ending all of them.
It's a little bit more difficult to identify the preferences of Democrats, because there are more divisions within the party: between the president and Congress, between moderate Democrats and liberal ones, between Democrats who are electorally vulnerable and those who aren't. It is safe to say, however, that on balance, the Democrats would prefer to extend the tax cuts only below the $250,000 threshold, and not above it.
This is also the most popular choice among the general public. Four recent polls — from CBS News, Gallup, The Associated Press, and CNN — find an average of 49 percent of Americans preferring this position, versus 33 percent who would rather see all of the tax cuts extended and 14 percent who would like to see all of them expire. (Another 4 percent are undecided.)
So, the theory goes, if Democrats would prefer extending the tax cuts for incomes below $250,000 to letting all of them expire, and so would Republicans — and so, for that matter, would the general public — then what, exactly, is the rub? Not that victories in Congress ever come easily, but shouldn't this be a fight that the Democrats can win?
The problem with this theory is that it relies on, implicitly, on the assumption that the Democrats can take the third option — extending the tax cuts for everyone — off the table. If the Democrats could do this, then they would be in a very strong position. But this is not so easy to do.
We know what the Democrats' first preference is: extending the tax cuts below $250,000 only. But what is their second preference? If forced to make a choice, would they rather extend the tax cuts for everyone, or for no one?
Republicans, evidently, believe it is the former; this is why they unanimously voted against cloture in the Senate today. By taking the Democrats' first choice off the table (extending some of the tax cuts), they figure, they can force them to vote for their second choice — extending all of the tax cuts, rather than letting all of them expire.
Suppose, instead, that the Democrats could credibly demonstrate that they'd prefer to let the tax cuts expire for everyone, rather than extending them for everyone. This would make their bargaining position stronger since that is what will happen in the status quo if no action at all is taken.
But Democrats are likely to have trouble convincing the Republicans of this, for at least four reasons.
First, this is not, by and large, the rhetorical sword that the Democrats have been brandishing for the past several years. Instead, they've been suggesting that making the tax code more progressive — by raising taxes on the rich, lowering them on the poor, or both — is the priority. President Obama, for instance, repeatedly pledged on the campaign trail in 2008 that taxes would not be raised on incomes below $250,000.
Second, ending all of the tax cuts would have deleterious effects on the economy at a time when it remains fragile. It is unlikely that the Democrats will be able to pass much more in the way of economic stimulus — but a tax increase would have an anti-stimulative effect. While most economists think that letting the tax cuts expire on high incomes would have a relatively small (although nevertheless negative) short-run effect on the recovery, that is not true of letting everyone's taxes rise. And, as Mr. Leonhardt argues, the Democrats — and in particular, President Obama — would probably receive more blame if the economy remains poor, particularly if it does so after everyone's taxes rise.
Third, the Democrats would no longer have the support of the public in staking out this position. According to the surveys I cited earlier, only 14 percent of American adults would, as their first preference, like to see all of the tax cuts expire, versus 33 percent who would rather that none of them expire. Unless a disproportionate number of the 49 percent who would prefer to see some of the tax cuts expire would, as their second choice, rather see all of them expire than none of them (and that seems unlikely), the Democrats would have the unpopular position.
Fourth, there is a variety of evidence — such as from the political scientist Larry M. Bartels — that Congressional policy is most responsive to the preferences of the wealthy, and not those of the middle class. Incumbent Democrats — even those who stake out populist positions — often receive many of their campaign contributions from wealthy Americans and from wealthy corporations. Most of them, especially in the Senate, are also quite wealthy themselves. This does not mean that Democrats will never be willing to pass a policy that helps the middle class at the expense of wealthy Americans. But such policies are not likely to win very many tiebreakers when the decision is otherwise close.
Certainly, I do not claim to be absolutely certain about what the political impact would be if all of the tax cuts were to expire. But it is far from obvious that it would leave the Democrats in a stronger position vis-à-vis Republicans, and the opposite could well be true. Moreover, from the standpoint of individual policymakers — importantly, including President Obama — this is not entirely a zero-sum game.
One consequence of the tax cuts lapsing for everyone, particularly if it extended the economic slump, is that voters could get very angry at incumbent politicians of all kinds, and would be inclined to vote many of them out of office, regardless of political party. Perhaps, after all the dust settled, Democrats would wind up in a stronger position than Republicans. (Although that seems unlikely; since the Democrats are the party that will have an incumbent president up for re-election — as well as two-thirds of the incumbent Senators — they still have more to lose, on balance, in 2012.) Even if this were true, however, it would not benefit incumbent politicians — and they are the ones who have a vote.
So suppose that Democrats don't really want to end all of the tax cuts. Could they make a credible bluff to the contrary? The question answers itself. If Democrats aren't willing to follow through on the bluff, then ultimately, it isn't much of a bluff. And it will be called by an opponent skilled at the art of legislative poker, as Republicans are.
Still, Democrats may have some leverage. They still control the Senate — and will continue to do so even after the new Congress convenes in January — as well as the White House. A veto threat, in particular, could be a game-changer, since President Obama would be staking a lot of his political capital on the outcome.
What impact would a veto threat have? This seems very difficult to predict. Republicans would have to decide whether they felt the threat was credible. They'd furthermore have to decide whether they believed it to be advantageous to force Mr. Obama to use his veto pen. Congressional Democrats, in effect, would have to answer the same questions. Mr. Obama would have to decide at what point, if any, he would be willing to accede to a compromise.
The negotiations could go on for many months, against the background of an economy that would surely not be pleased by the gamesmanship. There would be significant upside and significant downside for all parties.
Still, however, Democrats would be in something of the same catch-22. Certainly, President Obama could — and surely would — attempt to frame his threat as forcing a choice on tax cuts for the rich. But the Democrats' leverage, ultimately, stems from their willingness to allow everyone's taxes to increase, if necessary, since that is what happens if no deal is reached. If President Obama were to begin noting, for instance, that raising everyone's taxes would have about three times the deficit-reduction power than raising just some of them, this could make his threat more credible. But it would also make his position less popular, since it would change the debate from being one about taxes on the rich to being one about the proper level of taxation over all.
I'm not a political strategist. It does seem clear, however, that in the absence of strong action from the White House, Democrats are very likely to lose this battle — although they may win a few consolation prizes, like forcing the G.O.P. to take a vote on the record against lowering middle-class taxes (as they did today), and perhaps getting a few concessions in both tax policy and other areas.
In the presence of strong action from the White House, both the risks and the rewards are higher. But ultimately it seems to me that, for such a strategy to have a high probability of success, either the White House or the economy would have to be on somewhat surer footing than they are right now.
So what happens now?
1. Undocumented Irish
Donald Trump looks to have swept into power on the back of an election pledge to drastically overhaul America's immigration policy. His likely presidency, if he sticks to his campaign promises, will be defined by his treatment of illegal immigrants living and working in the US.
Donald Trump and wife Melania after voting in New York Picture: REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
This is bad news for the 50,000 undocumented Irish living in the US, who have spent years lobbying presidents in the hope of securing green cards which would give them and their families more security. These dreams are all but dead with Mr Trump's election victory.
The billionaire businessman's hard line approach on immigration will not be restricted to Mexicans working in the US and undocumented Irish living in America will now be on tenterhooks awaiting the implementation of the new president's policy commitments. He said he will immediately deport any immigrant with a criminal record before introducing strict new laws and order controls.
He also plans to end so-called sanctuary cities in the US where police do not prosecute or deport undocumented workers when they are caught working illegally. New York and Chicago, where thousands of undocumented Irish are based, are currently sanctuary cities.
2. Multinationals
Another central plank to the new president's campaign was a commitment to lure US multinational companies back to America with competitive tax rates.
His meteoric rise from showbiz businessman to voice of the ordinary man was predicated on his condemnation of US firms moving abroad to avoid paying corporation tax.
election manifesto committed to lowering the US corporate tax rate from 35p to 15pc. He also plans to implement a tax amnesty for multinationals paying tax offshore and allow them repatriate back to the US at a rate of 10pc.
Mr Trump has used Ireland as an example of a foreign country taking advantage of US tax policy and stealing American jobs. It is safe to say Mr Trump will not be welcoming of the efforts of Enterprise Ireland and the Industrial Development Authority (IDA) to attract US business.
The worst case scenario would see US tech and drugs firms who employ thousands of Irish workers decamp back to the states, the best would see a reduction in US foreign direct investment.
3. Trade
The billionaire businessman has rubbished almost every trade deal agreed by previous US presidents as bad for business and bad for America. Now in office, he will set about ripping up trade contracts with foreign nations and begin the process all over again in the hope of getting better deals for America. Mr Trump's main focus will be the recently agreed Transpacific Trade Partnership (TPP).
The deal between 12 countries, including China and Mexico, is one of the most significant trade agreements in world history. It has yet to be signed into law by the US Congress and with Mr Trump in the White House it is all but dead in the water.
More central to Ireland will be Mr Trump's view of the Transatlantic Trade & Investment Partnership (TTIP) deal with the European Union. The controversial trade deal is in advance stages of negotiations but the new president will want to put his stamp on the deal and rip up the work that has been done to date.
Ireland's historically strong trade relationship with the US will also be put under strain due to Mr Trump's determination to lure companies and jobs back to America.
4. Border controls and Visa programmes
Donald Trump has pledged to abolish the popular J1 visa programme which has seen thousands of Irish students flock to the US for the summer months in search of work. Despite using the programme to hire foreign students to work in his hotel chain, Mr Trump has insisted he will end the scheme once in office.
During the campaign, the newly elected US President said the visa programme is used to take advantage of workers and results in American losing out on jobs.
He has also promised to implement stricter custom checks on passengers flying into America due to security fears arising from the rise of jihadi terrorists. So far there has been no threat to the preclearance arrangement Ireland has with the US in Dublin and Shannon airports but this could be subject to change along with Mr Trump's new customs and visa policies.
5. Cross Atlantic relationships
We've come along way since Finance Minister Michael Noonan rolled out the red carpet and harpist for Mr Trump when he arrived at Shannon Airport two years ago.
Since then, Government ministers have gone out of their way to criticise the businessman's stances and comments on various issues. Taoiseach Enda Kenny branded him a racist and Fianna Fail leader Micheal Martin openly supported Hillary Clinton's candidacy.
Foreign Affairs Minister Charlie Flanagan was even forced to urge party colleagues to stop publicly attacking Mr Trump. For his part, Mr Trump has dismissed his golf resort in Doonbeg in Clare as “small potatoes” and got into a spat with Mr Kenny during the sale of the State's share of Aer Lingus. Now that he is in the Oval Office and with the prospect of a St Patrick's Day State visit to the US around the corner, the Government will be anxious to build bridges with Mr Trump.
Online Editors
This one did not have hardware that was in great shape although I did like the style. It would not however fit the new flag theme that would be painted on it so Buh, Bye.
I paid for it and brought our 1978 vintage truck to pick it up.
May it R.I.P.
Who knew this would be one of it's last runs. Thanks Big Fella for the years of hauling goodness.
Okay, I was having a moment there and now I am done.
Jake originally wanted the Scottish flag painted on it but then after looking over my shoulder during some Internet research on painted flags on furniture, he decided the Union Jack was right up his alley. He is a huge World War I and II history buff and this fits right into his aesthetic. If a 14 year old can have an aesthetic.
I choose white instead of dark blue because most people out there are painting the background for their union jack in dark blue and although I love these versions I tend to think that the flag fades into the background. I wanted the flag to really be the focus so white it was.
Now every piece I have ever done has an ugly stage and this one is surely it. I have learned to just plow through it and keep going because it usually starts to look better with the second coat. Always remember, it is just paint so if you really hate it, you can always paint over it. And over it and over it....Just kidding. Perserverance is a hard thing to learn but it is worth it for it brings about character and maturity. Most people who know me realize that the maturity factor is a long way off. But then again, that's why they like hanging out with me =0)
See, much better.
I will let you know that I just measured and marked the middle both vertically and horizontally and then made the red stripe 6" wide. Do what looks good to you because every dresser is a little different so it will require different measurements. I then just eyeballed the rest of the stripes. Also for the big red stripe, I taped it all the way down and across and then used an X-acto knife to cut away the middle pieces of tape. Much crisper lines.
Oh, and another thing. This is a biggy .
You will need to sand/distress AND wax/seal your reds separately or you will have a pink Union Jack. Yes, Pink. And then you will have to try and convince your daughter that she really needs a new pink Union Jack dresser and the whole Great Britain, World War II thing will need to be explained and they won't get "it" and It's so not worth it!!
So sand separately.
Ok, on with the show! Here is Jake's big boy dresser, 5 years belated....
Jake has some great staging items to pick from. These are all his.
Trying to rummage in his room quietly for staging items at 7:30 in the morning during summer break isn't easy! But when the lighting is good, you gotta start snapping!
These handels were snagged at Hobby Lobby. I was worried they might be too girly but Jake loved them and they really look great on the dresser.
I am always amazed at how a little bit of leftover paint, $12 worth of new hardware, and some elbow grease can change a dilapidated piece into something swell.
James 1:2-4 Count it all joy, my brothers, when you meet trials of various kinds, for you know that the testing of your faith produces steadfastness. And let steadfastness have its full effect, that you may be perfect and complete, lacking in nothing.
Please see the link party page to see where I link arms with those blissfully beautiful bloggers that host every week. So gracious they are along with these other sweet ladies!
Lots of stuff going on right now with the booth and some private clients but there was something I have had to do for about 5 years and have not gotten around to it. Get my growing boy a new dresser!My poor kid has had a little Ikea dresser since he was 3 and at that time it worked cuz' his clothes were like midget size (no disrespect to the little people). However, he is now 5' 6" and his clothes seem gigantic to me. And his clothes always seem to be on the floor instead of in the drawers. I have no illusions that bigger drawers are going to solve this, but I can dream can't I? You can lead a horse to water.....and I hear the promise of Doritos helps immensely in the incentive department.I found this waterfall dresser at the Red, White, and Blue Thrift store for $9.95!! I know a lot of people out there do not like the waterfall style of furniture. I happen to really like it. I like the clean lines, art deco feel and they usually have some really cool bake light hardware.Always being renewed,
Former President Obama's communications director is advising White House press secretary Sean Spicer to be careful with his reputation.
Asked to give advice to her fellow flack, Jen Psaki told the DC/BS podcast that Spicer must "remember that your credibility is more important than the length of time you stay in a job."
ADVERTISEMENT
"He has to be conscious and cognizant every single day when he goes to that podium about the fact that he's not an old guy and he's going to have a long career after this potentially," she said.
"That's a big, meta piece of advice, but it's one I would suggest."
Psaki served in a variety of roles during the Obama administration, including as the on-camera spokesperson for the State Department and then as the White House communications director.
Drawing on her State Department background, Psaki said briefings aren't just watched by Americans, but also by foreign leaders across the globe who are looking for clues as to the administration's thinking on a variety of issues.
"When all that is being created is a whirl of confusion and no answers and sometimes lies, at the best case, you are stalled. At the worst case, you are losing credibility in the world," she said.
"You have already seen that happen from the way they've handled things over the past few months."
Cable news networks have taken to carrying Spicer's daily press briefings in full. The briefings often feature colorful confrontations between Spicer and reporters over accusations that Spicer is misleading them. Spicer's briefings have become the subject of occasional "Saturday Night Live" sketches.
The Wall of Separation Between Church and State is a hot topic in this year's midterm elections. From witch-hunting evangelicals to Christian nationalists, from violence to gross injustices, our show will touch on instances of extremism and their interplay with politics. The panel includes:of Talk2Action.org exposed how Hawaii's politics have been influenced by Christian extremists. In May 2008, Wilson posted a video widely credited in the media with precipitating then-GOP presidential candidate John McCain's decision to reject his long-sought endorsement from evangelist John Hagee.is a publicist with an impressive clientele. Ilene will tell the shocking story of how a crime was manufactured against John McTiernan, director of the films, and... and how any American can face the same type of injustice., author ofand blogger at The Huffington Post, will reveal why Glenn Beck might be ousted as a radio personality on Armed Services Radio. Chris is Senior Research Director for the Military Religious Freedom Foundation., consultant to the California Council of Churches, board member of the Military Religious Freedom Foundation, and author of the forthcoming book, Palin's America: God, Guns & Greed, was a victim of the type of violence that Lauren Valle received from Rand Paul supporters. After leaving a meeting in which she had shared her views about Sarah Palin's religious views, Leah was “curbed," resulting in a shattered cheekbone that required surgery and a metal plate.Please visit
“This is a bad day for the European Union when the party with such an openly racist, xenophobic and anti-Semitic program gets 25 or 24 percent of the vote in France,” Martin Schulz, the current president of the European Parliament and the Socialist contender to run the E.U.'s main policy-making body, the European Commission, told a news conference early Monday morning. “The reasons behind such a vote for a party like this party in France is not that people are hard-core extremists,” he said. “They are disappointed. They have lost trust and hope,” he said.
Hailed by Europe's boosters as a way to hold back a wave of public disenchantment and narrow the chasm between citizens and officials, voting for the legislature began last Thursday under the slogan “This time it's different.”
But a series of televised debates between the leaders of rival political blocs and other efforts to engage with voters have had scant success breaking through a wall of public indifference to what many Europeans scorn as a remote and overly costly Tower of Babel. The legislature has 24 official languages and shuttles between Brussels, the headquarters of union's administrative machinery, and the French city of Strasbourg, 270 miles away.
“The European Parliament is predicated on the idea of a European ‘demos,' ” Charles Grant, director of the Center for European Reform, a London-based research group, said, using a term meaning shared political culture. “But if this demos does not exist, the Parliament has a very hard time connecting with people.”
Politics in Europe remains highly local, making it hard to identify Continentwide trends despite regular pleas from officials in Brussels that voters need to think more than Europeans and widen their horizons beyond national borders. Voter turnout slumped in 17 countries, including Italy, Poland and the Czech Republic, but rose in 11 others like Sweden and Germany.
Aside from its efforts to restrict snooping by American intelligence agencies in the wake of revelations by Edward J. Snowden, Mr. Grant said, the European legislature “exists inside the Brussels bubble and doesn't talk about things most people care about.” Its principal concern, he added, “has been to get more power for itself and more money for the European Union.”
The entire assembly decamps once a month to Strasbourg, only to return to Brussels a few days later at a significant cost to taxpayers. Scrapping the trips to Strasbourg would save about $140 million a year.
Fiona Hill, a Russia expert and frequent critic of President Vladi­mir Putin, will join the White House National Security Council as senior director for Europe and Russia, officials said Tuesday.
Hill, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and former member of the National Intelligence Council, was first recruited for the NSC job under Michael Flynn, President Trump's now-former national security adviser.
Flynn was forced to resign after barely three weeks in office after the White House said he had misled Vice President Pence about contacts he had with Sergey Kislyak, Russia's U.S. ambassador, before Trump's inauguration.
Russian efforts to influence the U.S. election and contacts between Flynn and other Trump associates and Russian operatives during the campaign have since become the subject of FBI and congressional investigations.
Flynn's departure and upheaval over the Russia contacts left Hill's appointment in limbo for a time. The job offer was subsequently renewed by H.R. McMaster, Flynn's replacement.
Trump spoke admiringly of Putin during the campaign and said that the United States should collaborate with Russia on the counterterrorism fight against the Islamic State, views that were criticized by senior Republican lawmakers and dismissed even by some of Trump's senior national security aides. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, calling Russia a threat, ruled out any military cooperation with Moscow.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is expected to engage in the Trump administration's first high-level diplomatic contact with Russia in a visit there next month. Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr., chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, has met twice this year with his Russian counterpart.
The NSC will combine Russia and Europe under one directorate under Hill, after the two were separated by the Obama administration. A deputy is expected to concentrate on European issues.
In her book “Mr. Putin: Operative in the Kremlin,” published with co-author Clifford Gaddy in 2013 and updated in 2015, Hill described Putin as a survivalist on foreign policy, willing to use “forms of blackmail, intimidation, punishment, and blatant distortion of the truth” to defend Russia and his position.
Quoted in a November article in the Atlantic, Hill expressed doubts about Trump's plans to “normalize relations” with Russia. While Trump's presidency might bring “a stylistic rhetorical change” in the relationship, she said, “I think it will come down to what it's always been — where the Russians will get all giddy with expectations, and then they'll be dashed, like, five minutes into the relationship because the U.S. and Russia just have a very hard time . . . being on the same page.”
“We're going to have an awful lot of friction,” Hill said. “And Trump isn't exactly the most diplomatic of people. So I imagine he'll fall out with his new friend Vladi­mir pretty quickly.”
Hill holds a master's degree in Soviet studies and a doctorate in history from Harvard University. British-born, she started at Brookings in 2000, taking a three-year break to serve on the National Intelligence Council under the George W. Bush and Obama administrations. Officers on the council are senior experts on a range of issues drawn from government, academia and the private sector to provide long-term strategic analysis for the director of national intelligence.
Madness awaits an unlucky soul in Tech N9ne's latest music video.
With the Boiling Point EP set to drop on October 30, Tech N9ne recently shot a brand-new music video for the single, “URALYA”. The new visual is slated to be the first offering from what is anticipated to be one of Tech N9ne's darkest chapters yet in the K.O.D. Collection.
Early images from the shoot made their way online and gave fans a behind the scenes look as “URALYA” came together. Sporting his trademark facepaint, Tech N9ne personified terror as he unleashed his frustration on a mystery victim.
A teaser trailer has since become available, echoing the familiar last sounds fans heard on E.B.A.H.
While there are more questions than answers, one thing is for certain – the K.O.D. is back.
WATCH
Check out these behind the scenes photos from “URALYA”!
Panoramic image by Scenario
Stay tuned for more on the release of “URALYA”!
CLICK HERE TO PRE-ORDER BOILING POINT.
Do you know who the tied up victim in the chair is?
Share your theories with us in the comments section below!
INTRODUCING
Big Picture
Steam, Now Playing on your TV
Relax, it's Steam Why give up your games, your friends, and all that you love about Steam when you play games in the living room? With Big Picture, we've reformatted Steam for use with your TV and game controller, so you can enjoy your Steam games from the comfort of your couch.
TV, meet PC. Grab your laptop and an HDMI cable, connect a dedicated PC to your TV, or just kick back in your dorm. Setup is easy.
Choose your weapon Pick up your game controller or liberate your keyboard and mouse - the choice is yours. Big Picture, paired with your controller, makes for a powerful match. You can navigate Steam, surf the web, and even chat. Oh, and play games too.
FEATURING
2500+
store titles Browse or search the entire catalog of Steam games, videos, demos. Catch up on the latest releases, top sellers, and grab the daily deal while it's hot.
Your entire library of games Now you can bring your collection of Steam games along with you when you hang out in the living room.
50,000,000 of your closest friends Everyone's here. Whether they're on a PC, a Mac, a mobile device or a sofa, all your friends are now in your living room, ready to join your game or just chat.
AND INTRODUCING
The world's first first person web browser Browse your way across the internet with reticle-based navigation, tabbed browsing, and your favorites saved to the cloud, all just a button press away. Now you're typing with Daisywheel QWERTY is for keyboards. Daisywheel is for controllers. Now surfing and chatting are easy with your thumbs, a controller, and Daisywheel, Big Picture's new tool for typing. ...and more features to come! Stay on top of the latest announcements and share your feedback in the Big Picture Community group.
It's all available now
Just click this button in Steam to give Big Picture a try:
Free 1.5 MB download
Big Picture System Requirements OS Windows Vista or newer, Mac OS X 10.7 (Lion) or newer, Linux Ubuntu 12.04 or newer, SteamOS. Memory 1 GB RAM Processor 3.0 Ghz P4, Dual Core 2.0 (or higher) or AMD64X2 (or higher) Video card Required / at least 256MB memory and DirectX 10-compatible with support for Pixel Shader 4.0, Recommended / 512MB+ memory and DirectX 10-compatible Disk space 1 GB recommended Internet connection Broadband recommended Controller Xbox 360 Wireless Controller for Windows, Xbox One or Xbox 360 Wired Controller, or Logitech Wireless Gamepad F710 recommended. Keyboard and mouse also supported.
Free 1.5 MB download
I was experiencing push notifications (Gmail, Google Voice, etc) arriving seconds to minutes late.
That wasn't so terrible. More concerning was the fact that I use push notifications to get incoming VOIP calls (a feature of the Acrobits app - it means zero battery drain when not in a call because there's no need for the app to maintain a SIP connection). But with push notifications delayed, I was getting missed calls without even ringing.
A post on Reddit about the poor support for IPv6 got me thinking, and I ended up vastly improving my Android experience by dumping IPv6 for the time being. Here's what I did.
Diabling IPv6 for the mobile data connection was trivial. The APN menu has a setting for IPv4, IPv6, and IPv4/IPv6 (ie both). Setting it to IPv4 did the trick (although I can't be certain that every provider will work on IPv4 only. Mine does.)
For WiFi it was a bit harder. There are apps that purport to do this but they didn't work so well. What did work was Tasker. You will need root for this.
Create a profile called WiFiConnected, choosing State->Net->Wifi Connected. Leave everything else blank.
In this Profile, create a Task called IPv6. The task should be: Code->Run Shell. In the Command line, enter:
echo 1 > /proc/sys/net/ipv6/conf/wlan0/disable_ipv6
Check the box next to “Use Root”.
Since making these changes, all my notifications come instantly. My VOIP calling works flawlessly.
Comcast, Verizon, AT&T, Time Warner and Cox are hoping to protect their customers from the unfair practices of various copyright trolls. The ISPs are appealing a district court decision ordering them to reveal the identities of 1,058 subscribers accused of pirating movies, with the goal of ending these mass BitTorrent piracy lawsuits. The providers point out that they are merely a cheap way for copyright holders to extract money from subscribers through settlements, with minimal oversight.
In recent years hundreds of thousands of Internet subscribers have been sued for downloading copyrighted material in the United States, but not a single case has gone to trial.
Most of the defendants are sued in bulk, with copyright holders joining hundreds or thousands of alleged copyright-infringing IP-addresses in a single complaint. The rightsholders then ask the court to grant a subpoena to identify the account holders behind the IPs, who are then approached with settlement requests of a few thousand dollars.
After an initial avalanche of mass piracy lawsuits in 2010 and 2011, federal courts in several districts ruled that these cases should be restricted to one defendant each. Last year several ISPs asked for a similar ruling in the District of Columbia, but without success.
Judge Beryl Howell ruled against the Internet providers and granted the adult movie company AF Holdings the right to obtain the personal details of more than 1000 Internet users suspected of downloading their works using BitTorrent.
The adult film studio and its controversial law firm Prenda celebrated the verdict as a huge win, since many other judges had previously rejected joining so many defendants in one lawsuit. Adding to the controversy, Judge Howell told the ISPs who joined the case that they were not doing enough to stop online piracy.
The ISPs were disappointed with the ruling and Comcast, Verizon, AT&T, Time Warner and Cox filed an appeal hoping to reverse it. The case has been lingering for a few months but yesterday the ISPs filed their latest brief.
The providers argue that the request for customer information is not supported by good cause, as previous cases have shown that AF Holdings has no intention of actually serving the defendants. “In 118 multi-Doe actions filed by Plaintiff's counsel during a two-year period, none has resulted in a defendant being named and served,” they write.
In addition, the ISPs note that the adult studio is only attempting to generate as many settlements as it can, at the lowest cost without knowing whether the defendant is actually the person who downloaded the copyrighted work.
“Plaintiff's primary purpose in seeking the personal information for hundreds or thousands of Internet subscribers per lawsuit is to extract payments without conducting any investigation into whether the subscriber — rather than another person using the subscriber's Internet connection — is indeed responsible for accessing Plaintiff's film without paying for it.”
The ISPs continue by citing several similar cases in which judges ruled that joining so many defendants in one case is not allowed. If the current verdict is upheld, they fear that the District of Columbia will become a “unique venue” for copyright holders to “gain the Doe defendants' personal information and coerce payment from them”
Finally, the ISPs mention the controversial nature of the law firm Prenda, who were recently punished in court for their mob-like tactics. Among other things they note that Prenda's principals used The Pirate Bay as a honeypot, relied on fictitious persons as clients, and submitted fake documents in support of their lawsuits.
“In the wake of these revelations, virtually all of Prenda Law's multi-Doe cases have been dismissed or transformed into investigations into misconduct by AF Holdings' principals and counsel. Yet, incredibly, Plaintiff derides the ISPs for objecting ‘with an air of moral superiority' to Plaintiff's ongoing efforts to extract personal subscriber information from them,” the brief notes.
The ISPs tell the court that this “lack of candor” should be addressed, and they ask the judge to throw out the case, or reduce the number of defendants from 1,058 to just one.
It's good to see that Comcast, Verizon, AT&T, Time Warner and Cox are attempting to protect their subscribers. Of course it's in their own interests, but it also helps to minimize the profitability of these classic copyright troll lawsuits.
The Gaza Ministry of Agriculture has delivered on its threats to ban imports of Israeli fruits and vegetables, after close to US$150,000 the region's own produce was blocked at the Kerem Shalom crossing on Sunday.
Ma'an News Agency broke the news after speaking with a ministry official.
“We decided to stop importing fruits from the Israeli side to pressure Israel to resume allowing our vegetables to be exported,” the ministry's general manager of marketing and crossings Tahsin Wal-Saqqa was quoted as saying.
Ma'an reported the Sunday blockade of 12 produce-carrying trucks, which would have been bound for the West Bank and Jordan, caused “huge financial losses” and would lead to a reduction in Gaza's vegetable prices.
In November, Israel allowed the movement of agricultural goods from Gaza to the West Bank for the first time since 2007, the story reported.
Israeli authorities claim the blockade is in place to stop Hamas importing weaponry.
On August 26, an Israeli-Hamas ceasefire was announced following weeks of bloody conflicts which resulted in bombings, death and injury on both sides.
Since that time, Israel has been urged to ease its blockade of the border crossings it controls so fresh produce can be transported as well as vital aid from various international charity organizations.
According to reports, there is suspicion on the Israeli side that if they allow too much access at border controls, Hamas will abuse the ease of restrictions.
The Times of Israel reported farming produce was a key source of income for Gaza, which is home to 1.8 million Palestinians.
Photo: www.shutterstock.com
www.freshfruitportal.com
While their Part 1 release of Monster is not set for release until the 15th January 2014, Australian anime publisher Siren Visual who are known for their niche titles have announced that pre-orders are now open for Part 2 of the series. Available at a price of $44.95, you will be able to pick up this collection containing episodes 16 through 30 from the 19th February 2014.
Pre-orders can be made via their official website.
What would you do if a child you saved grew up to be a monster?
An ice-cold killer is on the loose, and Dr. Kenzo Tenma is the only one who can stop him!
Tenma, a brilliant neurosurgeon with a promising future, risks his career to save the life of a critically wounded young boy named Johan. When the boy reappears nine years later in the midst of a string of unusual serial murders, Tenma must go on the run from the police who suspect him to be the killer.
Conspiracies, serial murders, and secret government experiments set against the grim backdrop of the formerly communist Eastern Europe are masterfully woven together in the compelling work of suspense that is Naoki Urasawa's MONSTER.
Residents of the last rebel-controlled district of Homs city awoke on Wednesday morning to silence. For the second straight day, there were no bombs falling overhead, no mortars careening into apartment buildings.
The two-day calm in Waer follows a wave of regime attacks on the rebel-held district, which has killed more than 20 residents and injured at least 150 others since the beginning of November. The regime's daily assault of mortars, sniper fire and tank shells led to fears that surrender talks would once again fall apart, Syria Direct reported last week.
In August, Waer rebels agreed to leave the district in exchange for the release of more than 7,300 detainees held by the regime. More than 600 rebel fighters and their families have already left to the north Homs countryside since the August agreement, the Assad regime has only released 194.
Syrian state media has not reported on Waer since September.
Waer truce talks began in late 2015, but the detainee issue seems to be the sticking point. Earlier this week, perhaps in an effort to break the deadlock, Russian negotiators met with Waer's representatives for the first time.
Russia is looking “to restart the negotiations,” a Waer rebel negotiator tells Syria Direct's Osama Abu Zeid on condition of anonymity.
Moscow wants “direct involvement in the talks.”
Q: How did communication begin between you and the Russians?
An officer from the State Security branch contacted one of the members of the [Waer negotiating] committee. He officially informed us that there would be a meeting attended by a Russian delegation from the Hmeimim military base on Monday. We agreed to the meeting, in the hopes of finally completing this agreement.
A Waer emergency shelter destroyed on November 22. Photo courtesy of Waer 24.
Q: Who attended the meeting, and where did it take place?
The meeting was held in the administration building at the entrance to Waer. There were three Russian officers, led by Andrei Baria Putin, the head of the Center for National Reconciliation in Homs, belonging to the Hmeimim military base.
Q: Were regime officers present?
Yes, there was a new officer, Ibrahim Darwish, a brigadier general. He told us he was the head of the State Security branch in Homs, replacing Aqab Abbas, who had been dismissed from State Security and moved to Daraa. Abbas had previously been responsible for Waer and the negotiations.
Q: Why do you think Russia is intervening directly in the Waer agreement? What happened in the meeting?
It is clear that there is an upper-level decision by the Syrian authorities. It could be a Russian decision as well, to restart the negotiations and reach a swift solution without tangling matters further.
The greatest proof of that is the dismissal of Aqab Abbas and the appointment of a different officer. This could indicate the failure of Abbas to conclude the Waer issue. Now, another Syrian officer has taken charge of the matter, but the Russians want direct involvement in the talks.
During the meeting, we presented the Russian delegation with the minutes of previous meetings with the regime, as well as the terms of the negotiations that were agreed upon in late 2015. We explained to them how the regime tries to dodge the issue regarding detainees.
Their response was [that they would] consider a ceasefire for a certain period in order to lay the groundwork for completing the negotiations. On Monday evening, we were informed about the five-day ceasefire starting on Tuesday morning.
Q: What is the next step, after the ceasefire?
Now we are waiting for other meetings with the Russians this week, in hopes of coming to an agreement on the matter of detainees. We have not backed down from that condition of the agreement, nor will we ever.
Super Robot Wars V launches February 23 in Japan, first full-length trailer
Eight-minute trailer for the upcoming strategy RPG.
Super Robot Wars V will launch for PlayStation 4 and PS Vita in Japan on February 23, 2017, Bandai Namco announced.
The game will cost 8,600 yen on PlayStation 4 and 7,600 yen on PS Vita. Download-only early purchase prices of 7,740 yen for PlayStation 4 and 6,840 yen for PS Vita will also be available until February 22. A “Premium Anisong & Sound Edition” including 35 background songs will launch alongside the standard edition for 12,600 yen on PlayStation 4 and 11,600 yen on PS Vita, with download-only early purchase prices of 11,340 yen and 10,440 yen also available.
Pre-orders include a “Special Starter Pack,” a Super Robot Wars V original theme, and download codes to use special participation original robots Grungust and Huckebein from the beginning of the game.
The game features two original protagonists: Soji Murakumo (voiced by Takuya Kirimoto) of the Moon Surface Special Strategy Research Institute Defense Party, and Chitose Kisaragi (voiced by Akemi Kanda) of The Third Special Strategy Research Institute Defense Party.
An English Asian release is also planned.
Watch the first full-length trailer below. View the official box art at the gallery.
Ray returns for Episode 173 as we tackle the usual bacon news, FoFFs/Props and random questions from our listeners! We also discuss the new Warlords of Draenor promotional video, South Park's “Stick of Truth” censorship controversy, and weigh-in on having a chat function within the Battle.net App. We should also warn you, Cer has a breakdown during this episode, as he faces rejection over an application to prove his love of bacon. To make up for it, we are starting a contest that you should definitely check out! Enjoy!
Contest
Custom Art giveaway by xEclypze Details on our forum: http://catalystgamingmedia.com/forums/index.php?topic=118.0
Bacon News
Wake Up and Smell the Bacon http://www.wakeupandsmellthebacon.com/
Gaming News
South Park Stick of Truth Censored in Europe & Australia http://www.gamespot.com/articles/south-park-rpg-censorship-feels-like-a-double-standard-co-creator-says/1100-6418167/
Battle.net App Chat Functionality Coming Soonish http://us.battle.net/en/forum/topic/9478367752?page=21#415
Warlords of Draenor Pre-Purchase Imminent https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TaBYjVBY_bM
Contact Info:
RAY
twitter: @rayfyst
XBOX Live: Rayfyst
Steam: Rayfyst
CER
Twitter: @ceraphus
Blog: variantavatar.com
Other Podcast: Azeroth Pirate Radio
XBOX Live: Amish Mafia
Steam: Ceraphus
XIA
Twitter: @itsxia
The Show
WEB: thesundering.net
Twitter: @thesundering
Facebook.com/TheSundering
Steam Group: The Sundering
Stitcher Page: http://www.stitcher.com/podcast/sundering/the-sundering
Phone Number: 323-SUNDER-0 or 323-786-3370
Email: thesunderingpodcast@gmail.com
Catalyst Gaming Media: catalystgamingmedia.com
For those interested in contacting Doc regarding guild recruitment (Bleeding Hollow, Horde)
Demonica Lynn Embrey's bond was lowered on Thursday after her husband, shooting victim Walden G. Embrey, testified in court.
Mr. Embrey, appearing in Judge Barry Steelman's courtroom, said he had revealed new “indiscretions” to his wife about 20 minutes prior to her shooting him on April 16.
Mr. Embrey said he had been staying at a hotel because he and his wife had been having marital problems. He said his wife had discovered some compromising photographs and videos and was “aware of (his) indiscretions” about a month prior to the shooting.
He said he went back to his residence at Cool Ridge Drive on April 16 to talk to his wife. He said they had a “good exchange of information” but that “she was obviously hurt.”
When asked if about 20 minutes prior to the shooting Mr. Embrey had shown his wife “a string of messages from his failing,” he said that he remembered her asking to see his phone. Mr. Embrey said he went into an upstairs bedroom to get some belongings and his wife entered the bedroom holding his pistol.
“She threatened me with it,” he said. “She told me to get on my knees.”
Mr. Embrey said that his wife looked different than normal at that time.
“She wasn't crying. She wasn't visibly shaken that I could tell,” he said.
When asked if his wife was angry, Mr. Embrey began to laugh, “She had a gun pointed at me. I'm gonna say ‘yes' to that.”
Mr. Embrey said he started walking and, as he was going down the stairs, his wife hit him in the back of the head with his pistol. He said she fired four shots as he tried to get out of the house and to his truck. He said one of the shots hit him in the upper right arm and another hit the tire of his truck.
Judge Steelman asked if Mr. Embrey thought his wife would be “a threat to anyone else in the community at large.”
“No, she wouldn't,” said Mr. Embrey. “She was mad at me. She's not mad at anyone else in the community.”
“Are you concerned that she's still a threat to you,” asked Judge Steelman.
“I don't wanna think so,” said Mr. Embrey. “That's the best I can answer that.”
Antoynette Rice, a friend of Ms. Embrey's since childhood, said, "(Ms. Embrey) is the nicest person I've ever met in my life. She's just been a jewel to my family.”
Ms. Rice said that if Ms. Embrey makes bond, she would be welcome in her home “as long as she needed.”
Ms. Embrey said she had filed for a divorce before her incarceration, but had put it in “reconciliation mode.” She said since she has been incarcerated, she has reactivated it.
When defense attorney Brandy Spurgin asked how the court could be sure that Ms. Embrey would stay in Chattanooga until the case was resolved, Ms. Embrey said, “If I could stay in the Navy for over 21 years, I think I could stay in Chattanooga for a couple.”
Attorney Spurgin said, “There's certainly an argument that culpability may be reduced in this case.”
She said she hoped the bond, currently set at $100,000, could be reduced to something more reasonable. The judge cut it in half to $50,000.
As a sales leader in a start-up, it is important to set realistic expectations for sales numbers – both for yourself, investors and your sales team.
We have often seen companies set aggressive year 1 and year 2 targets, only to be let down when they were not achieved. The first couple of years in almost all start-ups, whether you bootstrap it or successfully raise funds, tend to be the leanest. There is lots of work put into building a qualified sales funnel and identifying what the messaging and value proposition is to generate the most interest from prospects.
Often times unless you have experience “selling” people can under-estimate the length of the sales cycle, particularly in B2B sales, and under-appreciate the process involved in B2B selling.
Here are some tips to consider when setting realistic year 1 and year 2 B2B sales targets.
1. Be Conservative With Your Expectations
Hockey stick curves look great in presentations and doing explosive growth excel models is exciting, but it's very hard to achieve on the ground in practice.
2. Break Down Revenue Targets Into Achievable Activities
Think about each activity and the time they will take to complete. As a quick example, on the first day we began proactively cold calling for one of our clients, I was able to secure a meeting with a large waste management company. From that initial call it took another 9 months to close and complete a deal.
3. Ensure Your Team Has The Resources They Need to Sell
In today's B2B market, it's crucial for your business to embrace, at a minimum, the following marketing tactics:
A solid website
Brochures
Case studies (the more quantitative the better since stories sell)
4. Cold Calling
Create a standardized cold calling script and email template for your sales team to use. The more quantitative information available for use here the better – numbers sell.
5. Fill The Funnel
A full funnel should always be top of mind, especially in the early years of a startup. Work tirelessly to get your sales funnel as full as possible, as conversions will be lower in the early years.
6. Account Targeting
Ensuring that your account targets are well defined is key. Make sure your sales team know their roles well and their prospecting efforts don't overlap.
7. Defined Sales Processes and CRMs
Clearly define the linkages between your sales processes and desired CRM system use. Documenting all activities in your CRM of choice will keep your sales team focused and driven.
8. Speak to Your Peers
Always be sure to leverage other leaders in the startup space to learn from their experiences. Why reinvent the wheel? Don't make mistakes others can easily help you avoid.
Remember that you are your best sales person. In many cases, especially early on, you should be out there selling and closing. Use your timelines for a successful close as a guideline and keep track of the time from the first call you made to winning the business. Don't expect your sales people to sell any faster than you can, especially early on.
If you want more information on setting realistic goals and building a startup sales team, download our white paper, Building a Startup Sales Team.
By Philip Hodges & Jeff Dunetz
Whattaya Know! Hillary Clinton is Just as “racist” as the rest of us.
take our poll - story continues below
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? * Yes, they've gotten so much wrong recently that they're bound to be on their best behavior. No, they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome. Jussie who?
Email *
Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to The Lid updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Trending: Harry Reid Bashes Trump. Trump Returns Fire. Left Goes Ballistic As Reid Dying Of Cancer
According to a private speech, the contents for which were released by WikiLeaks, behind the public rhetoric Hillary Clinton has similar positions to Donald Trump. Hillary showed concern that “jihadists” might enter other countries with “legitimate refugees” because of a lack of comprehensive vetting (gee now where have we heard that before).
What makes that concern hypocritical is Hillary Clinton wants to accept some 65,000 Syrian refugees every year and has discounted any concern about vetting processes. Can't blame her for a lack of concern, after all if she is elected (God Forbid) she gets round the clock secret service protection.
“So I think you're right to have gone to the places that you visited because there's a discussion going on now across the region to try to see where there might be common ground to deal with the threat posed by extremism, and particularly with Syria, which has everyone quite worried, Jordan because it's on their border and they have hundreds of thousands of refugees and they can't possibly vet all those refugees,” she said at a 2013 private speech before the Jewish United Fund Of Metropolitan Chicago. “So they don't know if, you know, jihadists are coming in along with legitimate refugees. Turkey for the same reason.”
Even though she's talking about the Middle East, the same principle applies here. She has no problem accepting in our country 65,000 Syrian refugees – whom she admits might be mixed in with jihadists.
In December of 2015, she said at a campaign event in Minneapolis that “rigorous vetting” already takes place while the refugees are still overseas:
“We also have to be vigilant in screening and vetting refugees from Syria, guided by the best judgment of our security and diplomatic professionals. Rigorous vetting already takes place while these refugees are still overseas, and it's a process that historically takes 18 to 24 months.”
But just a few years prior, she said that the vetting process was a concern, such that terrorists could easily enter a foreign country by intermingling with legitimate refugees. This must be a case of her “private” position versus her “public” position.
Oh, and she got paid $400,000 for that 2013 speech.
Let's take a step back and look at what she is really saying. Her liberal base believes that a vetting a refugee from the Middle East is a form of racism. And Hillary agrees with their view publicly. But in private she is worried that “jihadists are coming in along with legitimate refugees.” When one puts it together it seems as if Ms. Clinton is willing to play “Russian-Roulette” with American lives, which would be unacceptable for most voters. Of course that would require the MSM to report problems with Ms. Clinton, something they never would do.
Oh and one more thing. Based on her answers during Sunday's debate, there is the possibility that the entire problem laid out ,above may be the fault of the late, great Abraham Lincoln.
Note: Parts of this post were originally seen at Eagle Rising
(OPRAH.com) -- There are many practices from biblical times that are best left in the past. Stoning adulterers comes to mind. As does sacrifice oxen.
But let me tell you about one dusty Middle Eastern custom that deserves a comeback: tithing.
For those who skipped Sunday school, tithing is the practice of giving 10 percent of your annual income to the needy. You donate one out of every ten dollars (or shekels or sheep) to the orphans, the widows, the destitute, or the temple high priests.
Granted, some folks in 21st-century America still tithe (devout Mormons, for instance, are expected to cough up 10 percent). But the practice has largely gone the way of pharaohs and women named Bathsheba. Which isn't surprising. Tithing is hard as hell, especially in these lean times.
I first learned about tithing a few years ago. At the time, I was trying to follow every rule in the Bible -- a journey I chronicled in a book. The Bible told me to tithe. So I tithed.
When I told my wife, Julie, about my plan to tithe, she fretted. In general, she's much more magnanimous than I am. She's a sucker for those charities that send you free sheets of return-address labels with little cartoons of a Rollerblading Ziggy, along with a heartbreaking brochure about lymphoma. I tell her it's emotional blackmail. She ignores me and mails them checks.
Oprah.com: How to give smart
But even for Julie 10 percent is high, especially with the ridiculously expensive prospect of raising children in New York City. Julie asked whether I could count my literary agent's fee as a tithe. She was only half-joking.
"Can you at least do 10 percent after taxes?" she said.
That night I called a friend who's a Lutheran pastor. "You shouldn't get too legalistic," he said. "Give what you can. And then give some more. It should feel like a sacrifice."
A.J. Jacobs challenge to you: Day of Extreme Politeness
I studied my Bible for insight. It seems that in the time of ancient Israel -- before the Romans took over -- no one paid taxes per se. The tithes were the taxes. And the tithing system was as complicated as any 1040 form. The farmers gave to the priests, the temple-keepers, the temple itself, the poor, the widows, and the orphans. So I decided after-tax tithing was probably okay.
I calculated 10 percent of my projected salary. It wasn't a huge number -- but that was precisely the problem. If I were making $10 million a year and had to give away $1 million, that would have been easier.
Although many modern tithers give to their church, I decided to go directly to the needy. I spent hours browsing the Web site CharityNavigator.org. It's sort of a Michelin guide to aid organizations. (Even this leads to coveting -- they list the salaries of these charity CEOs, and some break half a million.)
See more ways you can help at CNN's Impact Your World
I settled on several organizations focusing on children and widows, two groups the Bible says are always in need. One was called Feed the Children, another Save Darfur.
Oprah.com: How to give when dollars are tight
The giving was painful. I mean, 10 percent? That would have an impact on our lives. Vacations would need to be scaled back, new furniture would have to wait. It was a huge amount. When I pressed "send" on the donations, my palms got wet, my heart rate spiked.
But it was a pain mixed with pleasure. When the confirmation e-mails pinged in, I felt good. There's a haunting line from the movie "Chariots of Fire." It's spoken by Ian Charleson, who plays a deeply religious sprinter in the 1924 Olympics. He says: "When I run, I feel His pleasure."
And as I gave away money, I think I might have felt God's pleasure. Which is odd. Because I'm agnostic. I don't know if there's a God or not, but still I felt some higher sense of purpose. It was like a cozy ember that started at the back of my neck and slowly spread its warmth through my skull. I felt like I was doing something I should have done all my life.
That feeling of pleasure when giving -- scientists actually call it the warm-glow effect -- isn't strong enough to get most Americans to cough up 10 percent, though. According to the Roper Center for Public Opinion Research, the average American donates about 3 percent of his or her salary to charity.
Low-income workers are the most openhanded set, donating an average of 4.5 percent. (Of course, there are many exceedingly generous high-income people. Angelina Jolie has said she gives away a third of her income. The pastor Rick Warren reverse tithes -- he gives away 90 percent of his profits from his megaselling books.)
Oprah.com: 6 ways giving makes you healthy
I must confess that I haven't tithed every year since. I'm a quasi tither. This year I donated about 7 percent of my income. Tithing for me is a goal that I want to meet but sometimes don't. (I will, however, be tithing the writer's fee for this article. How can I not?)
I've developed some strategies to help make tithing easier. The key is to make it concrete. Try thinking in terms of time. Every ten minutes of work, you are essentially doing one minute of volunteering for the needy. Six times an hour you're doing a mitzvah! Since I'm a writer, I also tell myself this: One out of every ten words belongs to someone deserving. In that previous sentence, it was the word deserving.
I also try to remember what I teach my sons. Sharing is caring, I always tell them. If my son had two lollipops in his pocket, and a friend asked for one, I'd tell him to fish one out of his pocket and hand it over. It's the proper thing to do. I should practice what I preach.
Finally, I try to think of tithing as a sort of cosmic 10 percent tip. Scientists say that gratitude is like a psychological wonder drug. And by tithing, I'm saying thank you to the universe -- or to God or to fate or to whatever you believe in -- for allowing me to be alive. I want to acknowledge how lucky I am to have food, a roof, a bed, a warm shower, and a father who didn't sacrifice me on top of a mountain. That deserves a donation to the Big Tip Jar in the sky, don't you think?
Oprah.com: A.J. Jacobs' rules to live by
By A.J. Jacobs from O, The Oprah Magazine, December 2009
Subscribe to O, The Oprah Magazine for up to 75% off the newsstand price. That's like getting 18 issues FREE. Subscribe now!
TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
It's an old party trick—sucking helium from balloons so you can sing like a Wizard of Oz munchkin. When gibbons inhale this non-toxic gas, researchers can detect much more sophisticated impersonations. It turns out that gibbon vocalization techniques mirror those of highly trained soprano opera singers.
“We've shown how the gibbons' distinctive song uses the same vocal mechanics as soprano singers, revealing a fundamental similarity with humans,” explains Takeshi Nishimura, an associate professor with the Primate Research Institute at Japan's Kyoto University.
Scientists had previously believed that human speech was possible, in part, due to suspected evolutionary changes in the larynx, tongue, and vocal tract. But Nishimura's new findings suggest that humans may not have vocal anatomy and ability as unique as previously thought.
Listen to a gibbon call:
And to a gibbon on helium:
We share voice-box physiology with gibbons, and likely other primates, but we also share the way we manipulate sound, Nishimura explains. With both humans and gibbons, the origin of the sound—the larynx—is independent from the vocal tools (or training) used to tailor audible messages.
Nishimura and his colleagues studied a young female white-handed gibbon at the Fukuchiyama City Zoo in Kyoto, where they exposed her to helium-rich air. Helium, which shifts gibbon sounds to a resonance that is easier to assess with acoustic equipment, is common in animal vocalization research.
This graceful primate normally makes intense, pure-tone—or single-frequency—calls that can travel more than a mile through dense tropical forests in their native Southeast Asia.
It was probably the need to communicate with distant neighbors in such bustling habitats that produced the unique gibbon song. “Such ecological and social requirements forced gibbons, using a soprano technique, to produce their pure-tone and loud voices,” Nishimura said.
Human soprano opera singers learn to shift their vocal range to make their high-pitched sounds the most powerful ones, he explained.
“[Gibbons] use human professional singing techniques with little effort,” he added.
While gibbons won't be mimicking human conversation any time soon, says Nishimura, “this gives us a new appreciation of the evolution of speech in gibbons while revealing that the physiological foundation in human speech is not so unique.”
The findings were published in the most recent edition of the American Journal of Physical Anthropology.
In Cullman County, Alabama, a local government vote stirred up 150 years of angst when Revenue Commissioner Barry Willingham wanted to keep the local courthouse open on Confederate Memorial Day.
For years, on the fourth Monday in April people showed up to the courthouse to buy car tags and fishing licenses, unaware that it was closed for the state holiday, which is officially observed in Alabama, Willingham explained. Businesses, schools and even offices in neighboring counties stay open, Willingham said, so people complained about the local government not doing the same. He understood their frustration.
“It's not a prominent holiday,” said Willingham, who was born and raised in Cullman County, about 50 miles north of Birmingham. “I don't think Microsoft adds Confederate Memorial Day to my Outlook.”
Usually, the holiday passes largely unnoticed, even by the local press.
But that didn't happen this year. County officials voted to stay open on Confederate Memorial Day and instead close Cullman County's government doors on Good Friday, a day when there's less demand for county services. After that vote, people told Willingham and his colleagues that they “ought to be ashamed of dishonoring our Confederate veterans,” he explained.
“It's still going to be a holiday, ain't no way we can change that fact,” he said. “We're just not closing the courthouse.”
Alabama closes its government offices today in observance of Confederate Memorial Day, along with Mississippi and Georgia. On May 10, South Carolina government offices will close in observance of the state holiday.
Of the 11 Southern states that made up the Confederate States of America during the Civil War, few agreed on what date was best for remembrance once the war officially ended in 1865. Shortly after the war was declared over, a group of women in Columbus, Georgia, gathered for the first Confederate Memorial Day to decorate the graves of fallen soldiers and rededicate themselves to the memory of those men and the war they fought.
Today, dates of state observance are scattered from April to June and are loosely associated with the Confederacy's surrender to Sherman on April 26, the death of Stonewall Jackson on May 10 or the birthday of Confederate President Jefferson Davis on June 3. This year, Texas celebrated Confederate Heroes Day on Jan. 19. That also happened to be Martin Luther King Jr. Day.
In Mississippi, Secretary of State Delbert Hosemann issued a proclamation to tell state employees and officers they had the day off, in accordance with a 1972 state statute.
“I believe observance of Confederate Memorial Day is set by statute,” said Nicole Webb, spokeswoman for Gov. Phil Bryant, referring to the 1972 measure. “Elected lawmakers at that time would have voted on the issue. I know other states also observe it.”
This year, Georgia's government officials have prioritized Confederate Memorial Day as a state holiday, along with Christmas Day and Thanksgiving. However, there seems to be more reluctance to talk about why the Capitol and state agencies close in observance of the holiday 150 years after the end of the Civil War.
When the NewsHour asked Brian Robinson, the communications director for Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal, via e-mail for comment about why it was important for Georgians to remember Confederate Memorial Day, Robinson simply wrote “no thanks.”
State officials still mark Confederate Memorial Day on their calendars, but it makes sense why they may not want to embrace the holiday publicly, said John Neff, director of the Center for Civil War Research at the University of Mississippi and a scholar of Civil War death and remembrance.
Dating back to 2000, the debates about whether states should fly the Confederate battle flag could be partially to blame, he explained. Several Southern states were embroiled in these fights, holding legislative votes and public referendums that revived the Confederacy as a politically sensitive issue.
That year in South Carolina, state legislators agreed to remove the Confederate battle flag from the capitol dome in Columbia. In a 2001 statewide referendum, a majority of Mississippi's voters chose to keep the Confederate battle flag emblem on the state's banner as it remains today. In 2003, Georgia rid itself of the Confederate battle flag from its state flag, following a legislative action and a public referendum.
State observance of Confederate Memorial Day, however, is not a cynical or political expression, Neff said, especially among people who still place fresh flowers and Confederate battle flags on graves each year.
“It seems odd in many ways, but you don't have to live in the South very long to know this is a deep connection that many people still feel,” he said.
Many people across the South claim the Confederacy as part of their heritage, he said.
“I can say this is very much a part of many white Southerners' identity. This is how they feel connected to their place, their time, their families,” Neff said. “I think it's going to be a long, long time before there's no one in the South that feels those connections.”
Members of Boyd Brown's family fought for the Confederacy, but the real estate agent and retired Democrat state legislator from Winnsboro, S.C., said he also thinks Confederate Memorial Day should not be a state holiday.
“Those who want to observe it, observe it, but do it on your own time and in your own hearts,” Brown said. “I don't think we need to mandate that state employees take the time off for a holiday that can be offensive to some folks.”
In 2012 when he was still in office, Brown vocally opposed South Carolina state employees taking the day off on Confederate Memorial Day at a time when he said lawmakers needed to address pressing legislation. He also said that he could understand people taking Confederate Memorial Day off in 1961 to mark the centennial anniversary of the start of the Civil War, “but we're in 2015 now.”
“You look at it, and think, ‘Really? Is this still an issue?'” he said.
Missouri Governor Jay Nixon, a Democrat, recently signed a bill that aims at protecting students' freedom of religious expression at public schools. The Missouri Student Religious Liberties Act signed on July 2nd says students cannot be treated unfairly for expressing their religious views in class assignments, homework as well as artwork and those projects must be graded as per regular academic standards. According to the new legislation, students will be allowed to pray at school and wear clothes and accessories that display religion.
“Students may express their beliefs about religion in homework, artwork, and other written and oral assignments free from discrimination based on the religious content of their submissions… Students in public schools may pray or engage in religious activities or religious expression before, during and after the school day in the same manner and to the same extent that students may engage in non-religious activities or expression… Students in public schools may wear clothing, accessories and jewelry that display religious messages or religious symbols in the same manner and to the same extent that other types of clothing, accessories and jewelry that display messages or symbols are permitted,” read the bill.
Republican Elijah Haahr sponsored the bill that was passed with an overwhelming majority in the House and Senate. While the Department of Elementary and Secondary Education refused to take any particular stand on the bill, the American Civil Liberties Union said its passage was unnecessary.
Susan Goldammer, an attorney with the Missouri School Boards Association, “The intent, I suspect, was to allow for more freedom of speech in student graduation speeches, although it does not come right out and say this. The focus seems to be that we can't discriminate against a student's voluntary expression of religious viewpoint in those speeches.”
However, Goldammer also said that the law could result in lesser opportunities for students to express their religious views.
“One of my concerns is that the end result will be that we will allow kids to speak at the events less, because the district doesn't have as much ability to screen the content of the speech,” she said.
Haahr, of course, referred to the signing of the bill as an important victory for religious freedom in Missouri. The bill passed last week is a lot like the one that was signed into law in Mississippi in 2013.
“This is a great victory for children and families who want to see their religious freedoms protected in all public places including our schools. I want to thank Governor Nixon for signing this important protection into law and applaud my colleagues in the legislature who came together to give this idea overwhelming support,” said Haahr.
With Nixon's signature, the bill is set to become law on August 28th.
Agent Tyler Grasham is currently on leave from APA, sources confirm, pending an internal investigation into the matter.
Finn Wolfhard — the 14-year-old actor who is having a banner year hot off the success of blockbuster It and the imminent release of season two of the Netflix phenom Stranger Things — has parted ways with APA and agent Tyler Grasham.
The move comes as Grasham is facing a string of claims that he sexually assaulted or acted inappropriately with young aspiring male actors, including actor-turned-filmmaker Blaise Godbe Lipman.
Grasham, a prominent agent at APA who also reps Hayley Orrantia, is currently on leave from the agency, sources confirm, while the company investigates the allegations. THR reached out to APA for comment and while the agency confirmed it is looking into the matter, a spokesperson declined to discuss or confirm the agent's status.
"APA takes these allegations extremely seriously and is investigating this matter," an agency spokesperson told THR. Additional questions regarding Grasham's employment were declined due to it being a confidential personnel matter.
It is understood that the agency has enlisted an independent, neutral investigator to research the claims. In light of the accusations, Grasham has set his Instagram to private and deleted his Facebook account.
As for Wolfhard, he has yet to sign with a new agency as of press time, but sources tell THR that CAA, WME, UTA and Paradigm are pursuing the young actor in the wake of his recent successes.
It's no coincidence that claims of sexual misconduct surfaced this week in light of the damning allegations facing industry mogul Harvey Weinstein. The story has pushed conversations about sexual misconduct and harassment to the forefront not only in Hollywood but also in the culture at large. Specifically, this claim brings to light the complicated issue of how gay men interact with one another in Hollywood, a conversation that has yet to reach the same fever pitch.
This particular story got kickstarted during the "Me Too" social media movement last weekend. The movement — with roots belonging to activist Tarana Burke and later supported by actress Alyssa Milano with #MeToo — continues to grow and, by some estimates, has elicited millions of responses.
One of those came from Lipman, who, on Oct. 15, used Facebook to allege that he had been assaulted by a prominent talent agent from the firm APA. He declined to name the agent Sunday night, but offered a few details: "We had a 'business' lunch to discuss potential [representation]. He ordered me a drink. I said I was 17. He said don't be rude, this is business, this is how things are done. I didn't know better. He got me drunk, etc etc etc. SUCH A TIRED CLICHE. ... He's still at APA representing tons of young talent, using a position of power to coerce young boys. Like [Harvey] Weinstein, everyone knows."
After sharing the post, Lipman tells THR that he received a "poke" on Facebook from Grasham despite the fact that they are not connected on the social media platform. The move prompted Lipman to post additional details and the name of the man he claims assaulted him.
The second post detailed the alleged "sexual assault at the hands of a man in a position of power in the entertainment industry," who he says "fed me alcohol while I was underage and sexually assaulted me." He added that after the alleged incident took place, and Lipman rejected him, Grasham would "have his friends drunkenly call me and berate me," in addition to orchestrating a smear campaign of sorts to damage his reputation and "out" him (Lipman, who is gay, was not out at the time). "I didn't do anything at the time. I was young and desperately wanted acceptance within the industry," he wrote.
In an interview with THR, Lipman says that he moved to Los Angeles from Northern California in the spring/summer of 2007, when he was 17 years old. (He would turn 18 in late June.) He claims to have met Grasham, who is also gay, through a mutual friend. The agent set him up with a string of meetings with managers to help secure him additional representation. "He was a respectable agent with good clients and I had heard of his company," he recalls. "He offered to give me advice and recommendations for my career and so we kept in touch."
Their friendly relationship switched, Lipman notes, during an encounter at Grasham's apartment where he claims the agent forced himself on the young man while on a sofa. Lipman says he rejected Grasham but was unsure of how to handle the situation. "I wish i could say I got up and left because I knew something was wrong. I wasn't sure if this was something I just had to put up with," explains Lipman, who after working on such shows as Weeds, CSI, Hawaii Five-0 and numerous Disney shows has gone on to direct short films and work with Ryan Murphy. He's now prepping his feature debut, Honey Lamb. "This is someone who had already taken proactive steps with me professionally, and I had been in his office. It's a very uncomfortable position to be in. Fortunately, today, we know what it means to be a victim. We have that language."
After Lipman's accusations made the move from social media to mainstream media — first posted by The Wrap's Matt Donnelly on Thursday — additional men came forward with claims. One of those, Lucas Ozarowski, shared details with THR of an interaction he had with Grasham in January 2016. "Tyler was trying to get me highly intoxicated. Buying me drink after drink. Eventually I had to start leaving them in the bathroom to avoid suspicion," he claims in a message sent to THR. Later than night, he alleges that "Tyler reaches over and shoves his hand aggressively down my front pants and grabs my genitalia. I forcibly rip his hand out get up, tell him 'That was highly inappropriate' and leave his home."
He adds: "I'd like to state that I have nothing against APA or Tyler's clientele. I wish them all the best through this tough time. Also I am thankful for the women who have come out against Harvey Weinstein. I do not wish to overshadow their struggle. Women, I believe, have it much worse in this industry and I hope this can lead to a sweeping wake-up call in the industry on all sides."
Jonathan Handel contributed to this report.
Oct. 20, 3:15 p.m.: Updated to clarify the origins of the "Me Too" movement.
Oct. 20, 5 p.m.: Updated to add agencies interested in signing Wolfhard.
The unfortunate death of Tyler Clementi, helped raise a great deal of awareness of suicide within the gay, lesbian and LGBT community. In the wake of the events, national projects such as the “It Gets Better Project”, which was supported by stars such as Lady Gaga, helped to raise further awareness about the issues. A new report by Northwestern University suggests that the best way to prevent suicide or suicidal tendencies within the young gay community is for the family to be open and show support. Adolescents who feel able to discuss their problems and concerns with family or friends are less likely to engage in self harming behaviors, such as suicide, than those who feel, or have been victimized because of their sexuality.
What shields gay youth from suicide
Love from family and friends offer most protection, while bullying causes the highest risk
What protects lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) youths from considering suicide and, conversely, what makes them most vulnerable to it?
The question is of paramount concern because these youths are at least twice as likely to attempt suicide than heterosexual youths, prompting the national “It Gets Better Project” with encouraging video messages from such public figures as Lady Gaga and President Barack Obama.
Now the first longitudinal study to look at suicide ideation and self-harm in this population shows support from friends and family offers the most protection in preventing youths from thinking about suicide. Adolescents who know they can talk to their parents about problems and know they have friends who care about them are less likely to consider ending their lives, according to new Northwestern Medicine research.
Adolescents most likely to consider killing themselves and engage in self-harm behaviors are those who feel victimized for being gay. About 94 percent of LGBT youths have had at least one experience in which people said cruel things to them, spit on them, destroyed their property and threatened or assaulted them – all related to them being gay, according to prior Northwestern research.
Suicidal thoughts are a key predictor of a suicide attempt. Cutting behaviors also are a risk factor.
Previous studies of LGBT adolescents looked at their risk of making suicide attempts, not predictors that make them vulnerable to it or protect them from it.
“Our research shows how critical it is for these young people to have social support and for schools to have programs to reduce bullying,” said Brian Mustanski, associate professor of medical social sciences at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine. “We believe this will help save young lives.”
Mustanski is the lead author of the study, which is published in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine.
For the 2 1/2-year study, 246 Chicago-area sexual minority youths, ages 16 to 20 at enrollment, were interviewed at five time points, six months apart. Most prior research on LGBT populations has been with adults, but Mustanski emphasized the importance of studying adolescents, since suicide is the third leading cause of death among all youth.
HOW TO OFFER SUPPORT
When a child comes out to parents, a good reaction is one of acceptance instead of judgment, noted Mustanski, who is a clinical psychologist. “This lets teens know their parents are approachable for support and are unconditional in their love,” he said. An example of an accepting response is, “You are still the same child as you were before you told me, and I love you just the same.”
Parents also should be aware that they play an important role in helping to prevent their child from being bullied and in promoting their child's mental and physical health. As with all kids, it's important for parents of gay teens to monitor and teach them about safer sex to avoid HIV/AIDS, Mustanski said.
Mustanski directs Northwestern's IMPACT program (impactprogram.org), whose website is a source for youth, their families and policymakers to learn more about the health and development of LGBT youth. The site's content for youth includes engaging videos and games on issues like coming out, having healthy relationships, and dealing with stress and bullying. The IMPACT Program conducts health research and translates the findings into interventions to improve the health of sexual minority people.
Notes about this research press release article:
RESOURCES FOR FAMILIES AND SCHOOLS
PFLAG: Parents, Families, & Friends of Lesbians and Gays www.pflag.org offers programs to teach parents and friends how to be supportive of their gay children and peers. Safe Schools Coalition http://www.safeschoolscoalition.org/safe.html and Gay Straight Alliance Network http://gsanetwork.org are resources for reducing bullying in schools.
Contact: Marla Paul
Press Release Source: Northwestern University
Link to Original Research Paper: Suicidal Ideation and Self-Harm in Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Youth
March 2012, Vol. 42, No. 3
A violent explosion rocked the quiet campus at Nyack College in Rockland County, shattering windows and hurling a steel door across the street. Officials say a gas leak may be to blame. Jen Maxfield reports. (Published Tuesday, June 4, 2013)
Gas Leak May Be to Blame for Violent Explosion at Nyack College; 7 injured
Seven people were injured in a gas explosion at Nyack College in Rockland County Tuesday, and one, a student, either jumped from a second-floor window or was thrown out of it by the blast, town and police officials said.
All of the victims were taken to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries, authorities said. The explosion rocked a small building that houses both administrative offices and classrooms. In addition to the injured student, the victims included six staff members with Nyack College's business school.
The school is on summer break, and the student was taking an exam.
The force of the blast shattered windows and blew doors off their hinges in the building; one steel door was blown 50 feet across the street. Officials said the explosion also caused a small fire that was quickly brought under control by the building's sprinkler system.
"I felt the house shake a little bit, and I felt like something dropped in the basement," said Leo Li, a student who was nearby.
Several students said it was a miracle that one woman left the building with a friend's baby just before the explosion.
"I believe if the baby was there, the baby maybe would have died," said Piero Goritti.
Firefighters and emergency crews from multiple departments as well as utility companies were called to the Christian college on South Highland Avenue shortly before noon.
"There was a smell of gas in the building prior to the explosion," said Robert Van Cura, an undersheriff with the Rockland County Police Department.
Gas was shut off in the area, and the situation was under control a short time later, authorities said. Officials checked to make sure there were no elevated gas levels at other buildings on campus.
Officials believe the explosion originated in the basement or first floor of the building.
Students at a middle school adjacent to the college were moved off-site as a precaution, and a number of buildings on campus were evacuated.
Nyack is a private liberal arts college affiliated with the Christian and Missionary Alliance that offers undergraduate, graduate and seminary programs.
GMO Potatoes Have Arrived. But Will Anyone Buy Them?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dan Charles/NPR Dan Charles/NPR
On the face of it, the new potato varieties called "Innate" seem attractive. If you peel the brown skin off their white flesh, you won't find many unsightly black spots. And when you fry them, you'll probably get a much smaller dose of a potentially harmful chemical.
But here's the catch: Some of the biggest potato buyers in the country, such as Frito-Lay and McDonald's, seem afraid to touch these potatoes. Others don't even want to talk about them because they are genetically modified organisms, or GMOs.
The potatoes aren't yet on the market (more about that later). So to get a sneak peek at them I paid a visit to Michigan State University and its top potato breeder, David Douches.
Douches is a lean and focused man, in constant motion. He's been working with potatoes for most of his adult life. It is, you might say, a committed but high-maintenance relationship.
Douches fell for the potato 32 years ago, when he was in graduate school. It seemed like "a beautiful plant to work with," he says. It also feeds a lot of people. According to the International Potato Center, the potato is the world's third-most-important food crop. "I felt that when I work on something like this, it could have a large impact," Douches says.
He wants to make the potato just a little bit better. Unfortunately, the potato resists improvement.
The reasons lie in the genetic nature of this crop. It's very difficult, using traditional breeding, to make gradual improvements in an established potato variety. Mating it with another variety produces tremendously varied offspring, the vast majority of them inferior to the variety that you were hoping to improve. It's like trying to improve a really good poker hand by reshuffling the whole deck of cards and dealing again.
This is why Douches is so excited about these new potatoes: They're just like a much-loved variety, but better. To demonstrate, he and his colleague Joseph Coombs are banging some potatoes around inside an ancient, rotating wooden drum.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dan Charles/NPR Dan Charles/NPR
This is a bruise test. They're comparing two different varieties.
The first variety is russet Burbank, the most popular potato in America. It's been widely grown for more than a century. The other potatoes are almost identical to russet Burbank, but the J.R. Simplot Co. of Boise, Idaho, has inserted some extra genes into them in the laboratory. These potatoes are called Innate russet Burbank.
The Simplot Co. chose the word "innate" because the new genes it inserted are actually modified versions of some genes that exist naturally in potatoes; they are innate to this species. But the inserted genes have a curious effect: They shut down a few of the potato's original, natural genes. Scientists call it gene silencing.
We're about to see the results. We peel some potatoes that went through the bruising barrel yesterday and lay them out on a table. The traditional russet Burbank potatoes are starting to show some evidence of bruising. Black spots are forming.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dan Charles/NPR Dan Charles/NPR
We see few bruises, by contrast, on the Innate russet Burbank potatoes.
There's another difference that we cannot see. If we fry these potatoes, the Innate russet Burbanks will have less than half as much of a worrisome chemical called acrylamide.
Lots of foods — coffee, for instance — contain acrylamide. But when lab rats eat it, they're more likely to get cancer. Studies have never shown a clear link between acrylamide consumption and cancer in humans, but the Food and Drug Administration still says that it's a good idea to consume less of it.
For both these reasons — less bruising and less acrylamide — Haven Baker, general manager of Simplot Plant Sciences, thinks that consumers should be lining up to buy these new potatoes. "The No. 1 consumer complaint [about potatoes] is black spot bruise," he says. "You have to cut it out or, if it's bad enough, throw the potato away. It's a significant waste issue."
The Simplot Co. has created Innate versions of several different varieties, including one called Atlantic that's widely used to make potato chips. The U.S. Department of Agriculture approved the new varieties in November. They are not on sale yet because Simplot is waiting for a green light from the FDA, which is reviewing scientific data — mostly provided by the company — on how genetic modification has altered the chemical makeup of the potato and whether any of those changes could raise safety concerns.
But even before they've gone on sale, some of the very biggest potato buyers seem to be backing away from them.
Frito-Lay, the biggest potato chipmaker, and McDonald's have both issued statements saying that they are not planning to use the Simplot potatoes in their products. An executive at another potato chip company told The Salt that his company does not plan to use those potatoes. He didn't even want to be quoted on the subject for fear that someone would mistakenly get the opposite impression.
Patty Lovera, assistant director of Food and Water Watch, an environmental advocacy group, says food companies should, in fact, react this way. "When you ask consumers if they're comfortable with this technology, they are not," she says. Food and Water Watch has launched a petition calling on McDonald's to reject GMO potatoes.
There may not be anything wrong with these potatoes, Lovera says, but she does not think the government is regulating biotech crops carefully enough. "I don't have some smoking gun to hand you [about] this danger or that danger," she says, "but we don't think that the review that they've gone through can show us that they're safe."
Yet other advocates for healthy food believe the Simplot potatoes offer real advantages.
"It's really strange how GMO has become a curse word," says Michael Jacobson, executive director of the Center for Science in the Public Interest. Jacobson has been among the leaders of the healthful-food movement. For the past 40 years, he has fought excess sugar, fat, salt and food additives.
But genetic modification? It's just another technology, he says, "and if we could have genetically engineered crops and foods that produce safer products, and less expensive products, that's terrific!"
The FDA does need to examine these new potatoes, Jacobson says. But if they do deliver less cancer risk, and result in less food wasted, he hopes that people will buy them.
Former VA nurse arrested for falsifying records in patient death
BATON ROUGE - A Veterans Affairs nurse was arrested on a felony warrant after she was accused of falsifying records following a patient death at a veterans home in Reserve.
58-year-old Cheryl Poirrier, of LaPlace, is charged with four counts of filing false public records and one count of malfeasance in office. She was booked into the St. John Parish Prison by members of the Louisiana Department of Justice Fugitive Apprehension Unit.
The Office of the Investigator General began its investigation after they received information that records pertaining to the care of a resident at the veterans home had intentionally been falsified.
On Jan. 8, 2015 at around 9:20 p.m., a nursing assistant discovered that a resident at the Southeast Louisiana War Veterans Home in Reserve had fallen in his room. Poirrier, the on-duty-nurse, was summoned to the room where the resident was on the floor with his wheelchair on top him, complaining of back and head pain. Investigators said the resident was returned to his bed, but he was found unresponsive in his room some eight hours later. It was determined that the man died during the night.
Veterans Affairs policy requires that when a resident has an unobserved fall, nursing staff must obtain and document neurological signs at designated times over the next 72 hours. These are referred to as “neuro checks” by the VA.
Investigators determined that after the resident's death was discovered, Poirrier prepared and filed reports falsely stating that she had performed four separate neuro checks on the resident. The reports were entered into the system between 7:40 a.m. and 7:48 a.m. on Jan. 9, 2015. It was determined by investigators that the nurse had performed no such checks on the patient.
“We owe our Veterans the highest degree of professional care. Ms. Poirrier not only failed to honor that obligation, but made the situation worse by falsifying records to cover up that failure. That can never be tolerated. We will continue to do everything in our power to bring about criminal consequences in such cases. I want to thank Secretary Strickland and his staff for their cooperation during our investigation, as well as Attorney General Landry's Fugitive Unit for executing the arrest warrant,” Louisiana Inspector General Stephen Street said.
President-elect Donald Trump has pledged to boost the oil and gas sector and bring back coal (AFP Photo/George Frey)
Washington (AFP) - President-elect Donald Trump has pledged to boost the oil and gas sector and bring back coal, reversing President Barack Obama's efforts to encourage renewable energy and cut dependence on fossil fuels.
But analysts say Trump's policies could serve to worsen the global energy glut, which would reduce prices while doing little to revive the fortunes of "Big Coal."
Trump has made no secret of his support for fossil fuels. His policy advisors include top oil industry lobbyists, fracking king Harold Hamm, and oil-rich North Dakota's congressman Kevin Cramer.
Trump has promised to eliminate regulations restricting fracking; support oil and gas pipeline construction, including the Keystone XL project blocked by the Obama administration; open now-restricted federal lands and offshore areas, for exploration, including Alaska; and end Obama's 2015 Clean Power Plan, which aimed to cut back coal-fired power generation.
"Producing more American energy is a central part of my plan to making America wealthy again," Trump told a fracking conference in September.
"I'm going to lift the restrictions on American energy and allow this wealth to pour into our communities."
- Adding to the oil glut -
But analysts say his plans could exacerbate the global oversupply. Oil prices collapsed in 2014 principally due to the rapid build in US output that came from the revolution in fracking technology, which allowed drillers to tap difficult-to-access shale-based reserves.
US crude output shot up to 9.6 million barrels a day by July 2015, nearly doubling from 5.5 million in 2010. This allowed the country to sharply cut back oil imports, and global prices sank.
Since then US output has fallen by about one million barrels, but prices remain depressed due to higher production from Iraq, Libya, Saudi Arabia and Iran.
Opening up more areas to exploration would add to that supply. Though there are benefits to maintaining US production capacity for the long run, any added capacity in the short- and medium-term would hurt prices.
That leaves analysts dubious Trump can achieve his goal of energy independence.
"Most of the big factors impacting the energy industry have really been market-driven. The shale oil boom put an incredible amount of new oil in the market," said Sam Ori, executive director of the Energy Policy Institute at the University of Chicago.
"The big challenge facing the oil industry is oil prices."
Oil analyst Carl Larry of Frost & Sullivan said the only way to increase domestic production would be to cut back imports by taxing them.
"Unless you find a way to stop imports, American oil production doesn't have a great future," he said.
Reviving the coal industry, meanwhile, faces a similar dynamic: fracking also opened up huge supplies of cleaner, easier-to-transport natural gas, making coal less desirable.
Independent from Obama's policies, coal has fallen from more than one-half to just one-third of US power generation. Cleaner natural gas is preferred not only by federal but also by state and local policies.
US coal production actually remains quite high, to supply existing coal-fired power plants. The 100,000 lost mining jobs Trump promises to restore are almost all in the eastern Appalachian coal region, where mining costs are 10 times those of Wyoming, which has cleaner, more easily mined coal, and where the industry is highly mechanized.
At best, said Ori, you can only slow the coal industry's decline.
"Nothing a Trump administration does is going to change that," he said.
- Wind, solar under threat? -
Trump's stance has worried many over the plight of energy renewables like wind and solar, which have for years benefitted from substantial subsidies.
But experts say that equipment prices have fallen so much that renewables are now competitive on their own. For example, without particular support, Texas, the capital of the US oil industry, now relies heavily on wind and solar energy for electricity.
"The renewables sector is really competing on a cost basis and doing so effectively, said Greg Wetstone, president of the American Council on Renewable Energy. "None of that changes with the election."
The threat, he cautions, is a further fall in natural gas prices which would make it more competitive against renewable sources. But the Trump administration needs to understand that the renewables industry employs 300,000 people.
"This is mainstream business and there's no reason to undermine growth and jobs."
It's been said, enough times to fill an olympic-size swimming pool with smugness, that the lottery is a tax on stupid people. I can't be sure that a $40 sculpture of Wonder Woman that's a third breast by weight is a better investment than 40 scratchers, but sure, let's go with that.
Certainly the lottery doesn't deserve to be part of any long-term financial plan any more than, say, counting on your children to support you, but what puzzles me is that people who count themselves as strict rationalists end up getting involved in voodoo as dubious as crystal healing, because certain forms of voodoo have a veneer of mathematical legitimacy.
Let's look at a few lottery tickets for the skeptical set.
Stock Picking ————-
Here's the thing about picking stocks: You can't. Hard evidence has demonstrated again and again that the human chances of outperforming the market by picking individual stocks is, if anything, lower than that of a random number generator or a chimpanzee, although conservatives argue that the chimp is merely concerned about the capital gains tax.
People who think they're stock-picking geniuses are either only remembering their good picks, or they're just getting lucky. Remember, if 10 million people pick stocks, a bunch of them are randomly going to have a one-in-a-million success.
Financial Motivation ——————–
If you want more and better work from your employees, what do you do? Offer them more money, of course. Everyone knows that the bigger the cash-carrot you dangle, the faster the donkey trots.
Psychological studies, however, have shown again and again that cash only translates into performance under limited circumstances, and that most workers would rather be treated like human beings. And yet, from paying kids for grades to protecting insurance industry profits, entire economic policies revolve around the idea that human beings are just locomotives that run on cash rather than coal.
Diets —–
It's simple, right? Eat fewer calories than you expend and you'll lose weight. This is in spite of the fact that dieting has only about a 5 percent long-term success rate, and typically the dieter gains back all the weight and more.
If live data demonstrated that rainbow chakra enhancement therapy worked only 5 percent of the time and usually made things worse, it would be resoundingly and sneeringly rejected by the skeptics. But because calories are math, traditional diets get a pass. Worse yet, many people spend tons of money on diet plans and diet foods under the false assumption that you can reliably lose weight just by cutting calories.
Lie Detectors ————-
It happens almost as often in real life as it does on TV: Someone accused of wrongdoing is subjected to a polygraph test. While the results from a lie detector are perhaps less extreme than throwing an accused witch into the nearest body of water, they're no more reliable.
This is a perfect example of how the veneer of technology can lend legitimacy to pseudoscience. Even people who scoff at the idea of psychic investigators are often much more accepting of "experts" with electronic devices and wires and needles being paid taxpayer money to provide vacuous interpretations of the squiggles. It's a literal tax on stupid people – the stupid ones being those who don't object to their tax money being spent on a high-tech Ouija board.
- - -
Born helpless, naked and unable to provide for himself, Lore Sjöberg overcame these handicaps to become a curmudgeon, a grouser and a crosspatch.
Hitoshi Morikawa and his team have discovered that an FDA-approved antihypertensive drug can stop cocaine or alcohol addiction in rats. Photo: University of Texas at Austin
AUSTIN, Texas, June 23 (UPI) -- The high blood pressure drug isradipine suppressed or erased memories that fed an alcohol or cocaine addiction in lab tests, revealing the potential to help addicted individuals avoid relapse.
The drug, which is sold under the name DynaCirc, is already approved by the FDA for use with high blood pressure patients, so researchers are confident clinical trials could be carried out more quickly than if a new drug had been used.
Since the 1970s, scientists have been aware that beyond a physical craving, drug addiction is tied to memories and habits, all of which have trained the brain to expect a substance based on an environment of situation.
"Addicts show up to the rehab center already addicted," said Hitoshi Morikawa, an associate professor of neuroscience at The University of Texas at Austin, in a press release. "Many addicts want to quit, but their brains are already conditioned. This drug might help the addicted brain become de-addicted."
In the lab tests, scientists conditioned rats to associate either a black or white room with an alcohol or cocaine addiction. When the rats were given a choice to enter one of the two rooms, they nearly always chose the one linked to their addiction.
The first day that rats were given does of isradipine, they showed a preference for their addiction room, however they showed no preference on days after. Researchers said they found no equivalent in the control group and believe the drug either suppressed or erased the addiction memory associated with the room.
Drugs designed to lower blood pressure block a type of ion channel found in heart and blood vessels, as well as brain cells. Using isradipine to block the channels also appeared to reverse the habits of addiction that become hardwired in the brain, researchers wrote.
The study is published in Molecular Psychiatry.
From a small village in the 11th century to the magnificent royal seat of political power in the Kingdom of France circa 17th century, the site of Versailles is witness to an incredible breadth of history. And within this gargantuan plot of land, stands the Palace of Versailles that started out as a humble hunting lodge, but was later transformed into a massively monumental royal court/residence that accounts for an astronomical floor area of 67,000 sq m (721,182 sq ft) – which is equivalent of more than 12 American football fields. However beyond just its enviable size, the Palace of Versailles also held its own as the very regal symbol of Ancien Régime, the political system in the French Kingdom (from 15th – 18th century) that married absolute monarchy to ostentatious aristocracy.
Taking all of these fascinating factors into account, the folks over at Versailles 3D in collaboration with Google Cultural Institute have concocted a brilliant animated short that presents the apt history of Versailles, ranging from its grand Palace to its enormous gardens.
1) The Sheer ‘Native' Cost –
The transformation of the Palace of Versailles from its humble beginnings into a monumental scope was fueled by the large construction projects patronized by Louis XIV, with the initial expansions designed and supervised by architect Louis Le Vau (from 1661–1678 AD). And as the video describes, the later years brought forth more enlargements, structural additions, renovations and refurbishments. Interestingly, the starting expenses for the construction project was viewed as a private matter for the Bourbon dynasty – and as such the funding came from the king's own revenues, including amounts generated from New France (Canada) which was considered as a private possession of the king exempt from parliamentary control.
And since we brought up the ambit of how the French monarchs were intrinsically related to the expansion of the Palace of Versailles, it should be noted that the rulers also considered their ambitious project as being symbolic of the regal power of France. In that regard, the flurry of materials used were mostly all made in France, including even the mirrors used inside the ‘Hall of Mirrors', in spite of Venice almost having a monopoly in producing glass. However while their opulent version of the ‘nationalistic' flair was successfully showcased by the Bourbons, the penchant for native materials didn't stop the astronomical costs of renovating and maintaining the royal palace.
For example, the silver balustrade inside the king's apartment alone might have contained in excess of one ton of silver, which possibly costs over 560,000 livres. To that end, due to the 17th-18th century time-frame of the Palace of Versailles, it is very difficult to pinpoint the exact cost of the building, given the variant parameters of construction, renovation and maintenance (and their present valuations). However some modern estimates say that at its peak usage phase, the maintenance costs for the palace (including logistics and food for the staff) alone accounted for anywhere between 6 to 25 percent of the entire French government income. And as for actual building costs, the estimates vary from $2 billion to all the way up to $299 billion!
2) The Architectural Components –
The extravagance of the Palace of Versailles can be summed by the sheer volume of spatial and architectural arrangements inside the massive building. As we previously mentioned, the palace itself encompassed a mind-boggling area of 721,182 sq ft. Comprising a U-shaped layout, the elevation of the palace resulted in a three-sided courtyard (cour d'honneur), with symmetrical advancing secondary wings flanking the main central block. This cour d'honneur was known as the Royal Court, and it was further flanked by two asymmetrical wings, thus resulting in a facade that stretched for over 1,300 ft.
When translated to architectural components, the entire Palace of Versailles boasts over 700 rooms, 2,000 windows, 1,250 fireplaces and 67 staircases. These spatial elements are distributed over various interior sections of the building, including the Grands appartements (State Appartments), Appartement du roi (King's Apartment), Petit appartement du roi (King's Private Apartment), Petit appartement de la reine (Queen's Private Apartment), Galerie des Glaces (Hall of Mirrors), Chapels of Versailles and even a Royal Opera – possibly the most ambitious building project within the chateau.
3) The ‘Gilded Cage'
As mentioned by the video commentator, the Palace of Versailles was home to a multitude of officials, on account of it being the magnificent court of the French Bourbon rulers. As a matter of fact, the grounds of Versailles at their peak (having the capacity for accommodating 20,000 people) was home to over 3,000 princes, courtiers, ministers and their servants. Interestingly enough, the spatial setup inside the palace determined the hierarchy of the social statuses of these numerous officials. So the inhabitants living closer to the king's quarters were given more honor in terms of their social rank. But at the same time, Bourbon monarchs also housed the ‘troublesome' nobles inside the grand chateau, in a bid to keep a closer eye on them. And these nobles, in spite of their high social status, were sometimes offered relatively paltry accommodations with two-bedroom apartments, thus making them essentially glorified prisoners inside the ‘gilded cage'. Many of them being acutely aware of their precarious situations, often bought and lived in townhouses in Versailles proper, while ‘officially' residing in the palace.
Now beyond kings, nobles and aristocrats, the Palace of Versailles was actually also open to the public since 1682 AD. Almost ‘marketed' as grandiosely conceived tourist spots, many of the rooms and galleries of the chateau were accessible to the ordinary citizens, which allowed them to appreciate the numerous paintings, artworks and architectural pieces of the magnificent chateau. However the security was always kept tight, while the guests were expected to observe proper etiquette. This even entailed a gentlemanly dress-code for the general men, which required them to wear a hat and a sword – items that were rented from within the palace grounds.
Video Source: YouTube (Thunderworks)
Article Sources: PBS / NationalGeographic / ChateauVersailles (link here)
286 Shares
Author: Stephen Stapczynski, Sumitomo Corporation
At the beginning of the year, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's government released a number of structural reform bills as part of his Abenomics growth strategy. The structural reforms are the ‘third arrow' of Abenomics and are meant to compliment the first two arrows — monetary easing and fiscal stimulus.
Although the monetary easing and fiscal stimulus packages boosted business confidence and led to record gains in the Nikkei, there are still a number of risks to Japan's economic outlook. Japan's export market shrinks as the global market — and the US economy — continue to slow. Also, the ageing of Japan's population will continue and take a serious toll on the workforce, leading to lower growth potential. Moreover, wage growth has been abysmal despite inflation rising at an annual rate of 1.5 per cent.
The best way to offset these realities is for the government to implement a strong third arrow and promote Japan's full growth potential.
In January, the Abe administration introduced an ‘action plan' sending over 30 pieces of cabinet-endorsed legislation to the Diet. These bills are part of the third arrow and are designed to promote competition in the power sector, strengthen corporate governance, establish special economic zones to incubate new businesses and attract foreign direct investment, increase financial support for workers on childcare leave, and create a Japanese National Institute of Health.
Despite an increase in the consumption tax and some drops in the Nikkei, the Abe administration is still popular among the general public and has firm control over both houses of the Diet. All legislation from the action plan will likely be approved before the current Diet session ends on 22 June. Of the proposed bills, only about a third of them will have a significant impact. They can be broken into four broad categories: promotion of innovation, reduction in subsidies for rice cultivation, enhanced labour market flexibility, and increased competition in the power sector.
The Abe administration wants to foster innovation and increase competition, and the Industrial Competitiveness Enhancement Act that was passed last December and put into effect in January does just that.
The Abe administration is also beginning its battle with the well-established rice farmers lobby. The two relevant bills will phase out the 40-year-old rice price support system by offering compensation in return for limiting the amount of land farmers use for rice cultivation. That being said, the rice farmers lobby is attempting to replace the old subsidies with a new subsidy program.
In order to enhance labour market flexibility, the Abe administration proposed five cabinet bills that aim to increase workforce participation. These bills are intended to prohibit discriminatory treatment of women and foreigners, as well as provide more benefits for non-traditional workers such as part-time workers, temporary workers, and contract workers.
And in order to promote competition in the power sector, the Abe administration proposed a cabinet bill which would liberalise the retail electricity market by 2016. The government is trying to continue its plan to break up regional utility monopolies. It hopes that by doing so it will promote innovation, competition, and increased use of renewable energy sources.
There isn't much that can be done to derail the passage of the cabinet bills before the Diet session ends in June. The opposition's effort to obstruct Abe's legislative agenda and undermine his popularity has failed. Abe's government continues to hold firm control over both houses of the Diet, as the Democratic Party of Japan and other opponents are unorganised and ineffective at creating a central message.
Although all of these bills will pass and make a contribution to Abe's third arrow, there is much more that needs to be done. For the crucial third arrow to be seen as a success, there needs to be a significant rise in forecasts of real future growth, followed by lower inflation expectations. In order for the Abe administration to see these results, it would be wise of them to encourage Japan's growth potential by enabling female employment and removing product market regulations.
More than 60 per cent of women leaves the workplace when they give birth to their first child, and as a result male labour force participation is a full 21 per cent higher than that of women. If female employment rates were to increase to the same level as males over the next 20 years, it would result in a jump in GDP of up to 20 per cent. As Japan's labour shortage looms in the near future, greater involvement of women will be critical in addressing this problem. The Abe administration has introduced a few bills that address female discrimination in the workplace, but more must be done. Companies should be required to publicly report on their family-friendly workplace practices, including on the number of mothers who return to work and the number of women in senior management.
The Abe administration has set a target of increasing output growth to 2 per cent, well above the ten-year average of 0.75 per cent. In order to reach this goal, the Japanese government must propose bold structural reforms in all sectors that optimise growth potential. In particular, Tokyo must boost productivity in the service sector, which can be accomplished through reforms to strengthen competition. By simply reducing exemptions to the Anti-Monopoly Act, the Abe administration would be making significant upgrades to its competition policy. Furthermore, reducing entry barriers would promote entrepreneurship and business start-ups — both of which Japan sorely lacks.
Abe will likely see all 33 of the bills associated with his January action plan receive approval from both houses of the Diet. But no matter the importance of the bills, their impact on Japan's economy will likely be limited. Much more needs to be done by the Japanese government in order to make the third arrow as successful as the first two.
Stephen Stapczynski is a Public Affairs and Public Relations Associate at the Sumitomo Corporation and the author of the Izakaya Politics blog on Japanese politics and US–Japan relations.
While the winner of the longest federal campaign in recent Canadian history may not even be known by the time night turns to morning, trends in the hours leading up to the final call will provide some key insights into how things could shape up.
And there will be other developments, too, throughout the evening and even after all the results are in, that will be of interest.
Here are seven things to look out for during election night:
As Atlantic Canada goes, so goes the election? Maybe not
With all the broadcast blackouts lifted, the first results will be trickling in from the East Coast, by about 7:30 p.m. ET. The Liberals are expected to nearly sweep Atlantic Canada, but their early success here is not necessarily indicative of how the rest of the evening will go.
"That doesn't necessarily presage anything," said Elly Alboim, associate professor in the school of journalism and communication at Carleton University. "Atlantic Canada has on several occasions bucked national trends and gone the other way."
And if the Conservatives are able to hang on to a handful of seats, particularly in New Brunswick, it could be a sign that the night will not be as dour for the Conservatives as some have forecast. Of special interest will be Peter MacKay's former riding in Central Nova, Nova Scotia, and whether the Tories will be able to hang on to a riding that the former defence minister had held since 1997.
The battle for Quebec
It was the NDP's Orange Wave in Quebec that propelled Jack Layton and his party into the spot of official opposition. Their overwhelming dominance in the province, however, could be short-lived if the Liberals succeed in carving out a presence.
Previous Next
"If Quebec comes in hotter than 12 or 15 seats [for the Liberals], if it comes in with 30, then they may be heading into majority territory," Alboim said. "So watching the degree of breakthrough in Quebec may give you a hint about majority or minority."
Something else to watch for is whether the Conservatives will benefit from the niqab debate and see an expansion of their support beyond Quebec City and into the Eastern Townships. The Conservatives had been hoping to double their seat total to 10 from five.
Polls suggest Stephen Harper's Tories are running behind the Liberals, who are hoping to recapture seats in the Greater Toronto Area. (Jonathan Hayward/Canadian Press)
For the NDP, Quebec is it, and if they can't hold the province, says Alboim, there's no reason to expect they can make big gains anywhere else.
"Quebec is their linchpin. You'll know their fate if they've hemorrhaged badly in Quebec."
Also, keep an eye on the Bloc, nearly decimated in the last election, to see whether their political fortunes will improve and if they can play any kind of spoiler role on the national stage.
Painting the GTA red over Tory blue
For the Tories, the story of the evening is all about counting losses. Ontario will be the first province where some of those losses are likely to stack up, most notably in the Greater Toronto Area. The Conservatives' great electoral success has been their significant breakthrough in the suburban areas around Toronto, where the Liberals lost all but one of their seats to the Conservatives in 2011.
Polls suggest Justin Trudeau's Liberals are heading for at least a minority government. But the election could come down to B.C. (Paul Chiasson/Canadian Press)
Polls suggest the Liberals are poised to take most of those seats back, and how well they do here could be a sign of how things will shape up this evening.
"Virtually every seat is up for grabs, and the Liberals are currently favoured to prevail in the vast majority of them," wrote poll analyst Eric Grenier. "If they do, they will likely form the next government. But if the Conservatives can outperform expectations in just 10 seats, or even less, here, that could make the difference between a Liberal minority and a Conservative plurality."
Does it all come down to B.C?
It's become almost a Canadian election cliche, but with a three-way race in B.C., the winner could be decided in this province.
NDP Leader Tom Mulcair is trailing in third place, polls suggest. If the NDP can't hold its gains in Quebec, where it made a breakthrough in the 2011 election, it might not make big gains anywhere else. (Ryan Remiorz/Canadian Press)
B.C. is usually a battle between the Conservatives and NDP, but one observer says the numbers are currently all over the map, with the Liberals competitive in a number of ridings.
"I think the odds are the election will be so close that B.C. will tell us if it's a minority and who the minority is for," said pollster Michael Marzolini. "Or, who gets the majority."
Get out the vote vs. the polls
The ability of the parties to get their supporters out come election day, the so-called ground war, could well be the deciding factor tonight. As Bill Tieleman, a communications consultant and former NDP strategist, recently told CBC News, a five per cent difference in polling means nothing on election day if a party can't get its vote out the door, or another party does it better.
This is an area where the Tories have traditionally had an advantage. Their voter base skews older and is much more likely to vote. As well, there may be a tendency for people to under-report their intention to vote Conservative, which may have an impact on polling.
Conservative strategist Jason Lietaer said the Tories usually receive a two to four per cent bump come election day.
The fate of cabinet
If much of Ontario falls to the Liberals, some of Conservative Leader Stephen Harper's most prominent cabinet ministers could fall with it. That would include Finance Minister Joe Oliver and Immigration Minister Chris Alexander in Ajax. Fisheries and Oceans Minister Gail Shea in P.E.I. is also in a tight race.
The fate of the leaders
It's possible that a straight loss could prompt Harper to resign this evening. Paul Martin stepped down on election night when he lost to the Conservatives in 2006. Even a minority win, with the party leaders vowing to topple his government, could have Harper contemplating his future.
NDP Leader Tom Mulcair has said he will not step down, but with polls suggesting a third-place finish, his position as party leader could be fragile.
The Greens and Bloc could be in line for new leadership if Elizabeth May is unable to expand her seat count and Gilles Duceppe's Bloc makes few gains or he fails to win his seat.
The only candidate whose future as party leader seems secure is Justin Trudeau. Even with a loss, the party is poised to, at the very least, triple its previous seat count, and could go much higher.
Whether you are prepping for armageddon or prepping your budget, living off the grid can be a dream come true to many.
The term ‘off-grid' has been flying around like wildfire over the past few years. I'm not sure if it's because of all of the crazy news stories or zombie movies, or if people have just had enough of being a slave to the modern world.
But for whatever reason, going off-grid seems to be one of the fastest growing trends around.
However, I'm surprised to find how high the curiosity level for going off-grid is, but so many people still know so little about it.
So just as I did in the ‘What is Homesteading?' article, I'm going to try my best to explain to the world what it means to go “off-grid” and what it could look like for you.
Have I caught your attention yet? Great! Now let's walk through the off-grid lifestyle.
What is Living Off the Grid?
Let's pretend that you've never heard anything about off-grid living. You may or may not know that we all live on the electric grid, but we do. If you have power running to your home from the city you live in, then you are considered ‘on the grid.'
So this means that every time something goes wrong at the electric company, and they suffer a power outage so do you.
Well, off-the-grid living means the opposite. It means that you would live with either no electricity or a self-sustained source of electricity. You would also either use an outhouse or a septic tank, and you would have a water well or another water source nearby to collect water from.
Also, a lot of those that are off-the-grid continue the thought process into other areas of their lives, including being totally self-sustained by raising their own food.
Does this lifestyle peak your interest? That is great! Just understand it takes a lot to break free of ‘the grid' and takes quite the commitment to stay that way.
3 Options to Live Off the Grid
I will tell you upfront that I am not totally off-the-grid yet. We use septic and well water, but are looking to purchase a larger homestead, so have postponed with moving off of the electrical grid for now.
However, we've done a ton of research in order to get to where we are and where we hope to be in the next year. Which is why I'd like to share with you what we've learned.
Basically, in my opinion, there are three ways to get off-the-grid. These three will all depend upon your comfort level.
1. Roughing It
Going completely off-grid in the cheapest form possible would be what I call ‘roughing it.' You would build a small home on a piece of land that would basically be a ‘dry cabin.' This means there is no water, and it would basically just be a structure.
Then you wouldn't hook up to the electrical grid either. You would build an outhouse and presumably create a garden and begin a small homestead as well.
However, your only source of power would be a generator, and you'd be spending your evenings seeing things by fire and candlelight. You would have to haul in your water because you don't have a well.
Unless you choose to collect rain water and store it in a large bladder underground, though this would still cost more money that a lot of people choosing this option might want to spend.
Basically, you are choosing to live Alaskan style. Truthfully, if it were just my husband and me, I would like to give this lifestyle a chance because of how inexpensive it would be to get started and to see if we had what it took to live this way.
But it should be mentioned, a lot of those off-the-grid using this form have to wash their clothes by hand or spend a lot of time at the laundromat. Showering also becomes interesting as well because you don't have running water in your home.
Also, you don't have the luxury of just firing up your electric stove when cooking either. You will be cooking using alternative methods as well, and you would have to use alternative methods for refrigeration too.
So before jumping into an off-grid lifestyle, these are all things you should think about and plan for if you decide to go off-grid in this way.
2. Half On / Half Off
This is where we are right now. My husband, children, and I are what we consider small-scale homesteaders. We are aiming for full self-sufficiency where we raise our own food and don't have to rely heavily on the modern system.
However, we are still relying upon the grid for our electricity. We do have a well that is powered by electricity, and we also are on septic.
So I'm not depending on my town to pump water to my home or to take care of my sewage. A septic tank and well aren't astronomical expenses so most could afford to implement these options when building their home.
But beyond those two changes, most everything else is still the same. You still cook the same way because you can still have electrical appliances, and you still have the options of turning on lights when you want to.
Most wouldn't consider this an off-grid lifestyle and truthfully, they are right. This is the first step in going off-grid with the next option.
3. Modern Off-Grid Lifestyle
A lot of people are off-grid, and you probably don't even realize it. Considering I have a large family, when we do go off-grid, this will be our method of choice. The reason is that you can still have modern conveniences, but you cut your expenses drastically, and you aren't reliant upon the grid for anything.
So if you decide to go off-grid in this form, you'll have an electric powered well for your water. (If you are a prepper, I recommend adding a hand crank option to your well, or following this method for utilizing your electric well in time of an emergency.)
Next, you'll still have your regular indoor bathroom, but it will run to a septic tank instead of into a city sewage system. You can learn how to take care of your septic system here.
Finally, you will depend upon an alternative method for electricity. This can be through wind power, a hydro-powered (water) system, or through solar power (sun).
Truthfully, I know a lot more about solar power than any of the others because this is the source we have chosen. The reason why is because I don't live in a great place for wind power, and water can unfortunately dry up.
However, we always have the sun. For that reason, we feel it would be the best investment for us. This could be different for you.
But let me tell you what we've learned through shopping for solar panels. The price of solar panels is dropping each year. They are finding more and more ways to make them affordable. The latest we've heard of has been dealing with solar shingles.
Also, when we looked into the initial purchase of solar panels we were told about this neat battery that they are offering. They no longer have these large battery packed systems that store power.
Instead, you have this neat little battery attached to the side of your home. You can stay attached to the grid this way and this battery stores energy from the sun for your house. When you don't get enough energy for the day, then the grid kicks in and you still have power.
However, if the battery consumes more energy than your home needs, it kicks energy back to the grid which then you get credit for on your next power bill. That sounded like a great option to me.
But you must realize that purchasing solar panels can be an investment if you have a larger home and use normal amounts of energy.
Yet, they are making financing for solar panels much easier to obtain. Usually, they are paid for over 20 years, and you do still get tax credits for having them. The downside is if you go through a solar bank (banks that specifically finance solar panels) they give you a low monthly payment that is usually much less than your electric bill, but they want your solar tax credit which is a large chunk of money usually.
So if at all possible, you may want to consider saving for this investment, or even using a home equity line of credit versus financing them.
But be sure to do your own research and talk to your own solar installation crew. You can also install solar panels yourself (and purchase them here.) Some states allow you to lease solar panels, but that isn't an option in my state. There are all kinds of options. I'm just sharing my experience, but yours could be different. So be sure to check all of this out for yourself.
After you obtain solar panels, you can then switch to solar powered appliances such as stoves and refrigerators.
Basically, you'll be living totally off-grid but feel as though very little has changed.
The Advantages and Drawbacks of Living Off the Grid
The off-grid lifestyle has a lot of advantages and some drawbacks too. They should each be weighed carefully to ensure you make the best decision for yourself and your loved ones.
Advantages:
The advantages to off-grid living – you are completely self-sufficient. If the power goes out, so what? It doesn't impact you. If an emergency happens at the local city water plant, you won't be impacted. Not to mention all of the money you WON'T be spending on monthly appliance bills.
Also, though going off-grid could require an initial investment, if you choose one of these smaller alternative housing options your investment may not be as large as some might think.
Plus, there is freedom in living a completely self-sufficient lifestyle, and you can't put a dollar sign on freedom.
Disadvantages:
But you can't forget the disadvantages of going off-grid either. You may have to move because a lot of places will not allow you to be completely off-the-grid, unless you are choosing to go solar, add a well, etc.
Also, if you have a family, you need to consider your children's well being in this process. Though going off-grid is appealing and the ‘roughing it' method is obviously more cost-effective, a lot of states frown upon children living this type of lifestyle. You could easily be heading for legal trouble. So take all of your local laws into consideration before taking the off-grid plunge.
Plus, you must consider the investment you will be making into your property if you decide to go with the ‘modern off-grid' option. It is not cheap, but you may very well deem the expense worth it. (Which our family does.)
Let's also not forget some of the lifestyle changes going off-grid might cause you to have to make. If you choose to go totally off-grid without any help from wind, solar, or hydropower your whole life will change. You will no longer be able to just run to the bathroom for a quick shower, or run water in your sink to wash dishes. You should really consider all of the lifestyle changes that will have to be made to adjust to this new off-grid lifestyle.
Whichever form of off-grid lifestyle you intend to entertain, we just hope that you find happiness in the process. I think we are all slowly learning that it isn't the material lifestyle we lead that brings about genuine joy, it is the moments in life.
So I hope that this off-grid guide has given you a little more information to think about what your off-grid lifestyle could look like. I also hope you will think deeply about all of the changes that come along with this lifestyle.
But now I'd love to hear from you. Do you live off-grid? Do you live the old fashioned way, or do you rely on modern off-grid conveniences for water and electricity? What have you gained from this lifestyle? Would you recommend it to others? Do you have any tips for those that might be considering going off-grid?
We love hearing from you all so please leave us your comments in the space provided below.
The first time I saw Dayan Viciedo in person was in Zebulon, N.C., where he went 3-for-5 for the Birmingham Barons on Aug. 12, 2009. It should've been a 4-for-5 night, but an indecisive Christian Marrero turned a line-drive base hit into a 7-5 fielder's choice.
He blistered the ball three times, including wallbangers to left-center and right field, and the sound of his contact reverberated around the stadium. I was sold on his bat. Not so much on his glove (he played third, and couldn't really move), but that kind of contact could play anywhere.
Or maybe I just had a knack for catching his early-career highlights. I happened to be at Nationals Park for his major-league debut, which also featured his first hit. Later in the season at U.S. Cellular Field, I witnessed his first big-league homer. Every one of those triumphs over his first two seasons were worth celebrating, since the Sox dragged their feet on calling him up while Ozzie Guillen euthanized the team with lethal doses of Adam Dunn and Alex Rios.
The high points were fewer and far between over the next three seasons, which trivialized that battleground. Still, I couldn't bring myself to dislike him. As a guy who writes about the White Sox more than anybody else, I have a natural affinity for players who make the days different.
Viciedo did that, and in a couple different ways. That tremendous bat speed occasionally worked for him, and the sound of that great contact distinguished itself from just about everybody else's, no matter whether he lashed the ball to left...
Your browser does not support iframes.
... or center ...
Your browser does not support iframes.
... or right.
Your browser does not support iframes.
It just didn't work for him nearly enough. Three different hitting coaches took cracks at him, and yet he still took a steady step back every year.
Meanwhile, he became just as infamous for his ability to give up round-trippers to left center ...
... or down the left field line ...
Your browser does not support iframes.
... or right field (OK, that's only three bases):
Your browser does not support iframes.
When a team commits to a teardown and reconstruction over two long years, these goofs make losses worth writing about. This should have been the cover of the 2014 media guide:
The only upside to down years is that it allows a guy like Viciedo to use those meaningless-in-the-big-picture plate appearances to forge a productive approach. That doesn't necessarily mean discipline, either. It would've been one thing if he zones judgment was his only real flaw, because the occasional happy hacker can be useful.
The problem was, while he swung at all sorts of pitches, he could only reliably drive one -- thigh-high and over the outer half. A guy can have limited plate coverage if he's selective. Likewise, he can diminish discipline's importance by covering everything. If a guy can't do either, he better be able to play some defense. Viciedo couldn't meet any of the above descriptors, and the Sox grew too ambitious to wait on him. In came Adam LaRoche and Melky Cabrera, leaving Viciedo nowhere to play.
Still, Rick Hahn tried a Viciedo-like approach by tendering him a contract when demand wasn't there. In the hashtags of Adam Eaton:
Hate to see Tankie go. Great on and off the field. Wherever he ends up he'll be just fine.. #SwingHard #JustIncase — Adam Eaton (@AdamSpankyEaton) January 28, 2015
Alas, a trade partner never surfaced, despite numerous attempts by "sources" to drag the Mariners into it, and even after they designated him for assignment. So they requested his release, and they'll be on the hook for $733,000 of his $4.4 million salary, and maybe more if Viciedo's camp files a grievance. Based on the leaguewide lack of interest, I imagine his next salary won't make up the difference.
Watching those examples of all-field power above, it seems like he'll tempt somebody into giving him a few hundred plate appearances. The Sox had a hard time letting go of that potential, and there are some Sox fans who still believe. It's worth watching to see where he lands, and if he ever figures it out. I'll always want to be able to believe in that kind of contact, even if the Sox couldn't spend another year waiting on it. If he starts the year in Triple-A or Japan, it'll show just how generous the definition of "playable" became here.
So… co-operatives can build a better world, right?
Help us produce more like this Patreon is a platform that enables us to offer more to our readership. With a new podcast, eBooks, tote bags and magazine subscriptions on offer, as well as early access to video and articles, we're very excited about our Patreon! If you're not on board yet then check it out here. Support us »
‘Co-operatives can deliver to you the economic, social and environmental sustainability that the world needs. We can change the world.'I don't know what you think about these two sentences, but to be honest, when I heard them a few days ago in Cape Town, at the International Co-operative Alliance (ICA) annual conference, I couldn't help thinking what a big statement it was. I was expecting to find positive opinions about co-operatives there, but this was certainly a strong proposition for that early on a Monday morning. Was Rodrigo Gouveia, director of Policy of the ICA, using these words as a way of cheering (or waking) people up? Or was he expressing his true beliefs?Please, don't get me wrong. I am a member of several co-operatives and I have been working in the co-operative sector for nearly three years, and was glad to see the nods of agreement and the subtle smiles Rodrigo's message generated in the audience.Making co-operatives not just contribute but lead the way to a better, fairer and more sustainable future is the objective the movement set for itself before closing the International Year of Co-operatives in the autumn of 2012. The plan was detailed in the ICA's Blueprint for a Co-operative Decade : by 2020, co-operatives should become the acknowledged and indisputable leader in economic, social and environmental sustainability; the model preferred by people (producers, consumers, users), and the fastest-growing form of enterprise.By the look of things, the plan was clear enough, but are co-operatives ready to take the challenge?The slogan of the ICA's campaign for a co-operative decade is ‘co-operatives build a better world'; the 150-plus years of co-operative history back it up.For centuries co-operatives have contributed to poverty reduction by empowering producers and consumers all over the world – look, for example, at the 887,000 people who are involved in Fairtrade in poor countries through co-operative organizations. Co-operatives have also been committed to reducing their impact on the environment and helping fight climate change – think of their role in the promotion of renewable energy in Britain. And they've given leadership to women and have ensured job creation even in times of economic downturn – in countries like Spain, employment in co-operatives have grown over seven per cent while the public and private sectors kept destroying jobs. However, where are they when it comes to getting the solutions for the most pressing global challenges?Gather a group of random people together and ask them about how to face disenchantment, loss of trust and empower citizenship, and you'll quickly realize co-operatives are usually left out of the equation. Why has no-one noticed yet? Is it the co-operatives' fault? Why have they been so silent and quiet about their contribution to the world?It could be that they take all their good actions for granted and don't even realize they are doing it, so they don't talk about it. It could also be that they've got better things to worry about – I appreciate it is difficult to think ‘big' when you have to keep your business running. But, sometimes, it just comes across as if they lack the confidence in themselves and in other co-ops to proudly exhibit their co-operative difference.There are still loads of co-operatives that don't buy from other co-operatives or believe their fellow organizations are as competitive as the selfish profit-before-people corporations. Some of the new start-ups are even embarrassed to have ‘co-operative' in their names because they think it will reduce their success in the marketplace. And with this attitude, they are not just missing out on a great opportunity to make a positive impact on the world, but also going against one of the seven co-operative principles: ‘Co-operation amongst co-operatives.' If co-operatives don't believe in themselves, how do they expect anyone else to?Despite the high-level plans for co-operatives worldwide, it is co-operatives on the ground that can make that Blueprint for a Co-operative Decade a success. Co-operatives need to campaign and shout about what they do, how they do it and what they believe in. They need actively to be involved in the direst challenges the world is facing, from unemployment and loss of trust in politics and economy to food security and climate change, because they have something to contribute to them. If they have an advantage over other business models, it is that they don't need to pretend; they don't need to dress up and put on their corporate social responsibility mask before crossing their doorstep; they are making a difference with their everyday practice.Dame Pauline Green, recently re-elected President of the ICA, said in Cape Town: ‘We have the moment, we have the knowledge, and the public mood is with us. We've got the strength and voice from one billion from all over the world. Let's use that slogan that was given to us by the United Nations and show that co-operatives build a better a world.' It's their call.is member and PR Executive of The Phone Co-op , a consumer co-operative and Britain's only telecoms provider owned by its customers.New Internationalist has just published a book on the co-operative alternative: People Over Capital: the co-operative alternative to capitalism
Fred Daniels was launching a new business, and needed instant credibility. He created a Facebook page for his company, then logged onto Freelancer.com and hired someone who could add 5,000 fans to his page in a hurry. Within two days his Facebook Likes had zoomed from single digits to more than 4,500.
Total cost: $30.
"I'm just trying to create a platform that people will look at and say, 'Hey, people are paying attention to this'," he says. "It creates visibility, and some measure of credibility for my company."
"Fred Daniels" is a pseudonym; his real name has been cloaked to avoid potential repercussions from Facebook. But his story is being repeated thousands of times a day across every major social network – Facebook, Twitter, Google+, YouTube, Instagram, even Pinterest. An arms race for Internet popularity has resulted in millions of false followers, fictional fans, and bogus endorsements, many of then generated by software bots.
Even the already famous seem to have enjoyed an artificial boost. In August, UK social media management firm StatusPeople scanned several massively popular Twitter accounts using a service it developed called Fake Follower Check. According to StatusPeople, more than 70 percent of President Barack Obama's 19 million Twitter followers were either fake or inactive accounts. Fake Follower Check returns roughly similar results for Mitt Romney, Lady Gaga, and Justin Bieber.
But while celebrities may lose a few followers – as when Facebook purged 66,000 phony Lady Gaga fans last month – individuals and small businesses who buy endorsements stand to lose a lot more. They could forfeit their social media accounts, for example; buying fans or followers violates the terms of service for most networks. Using false endorsements misleads potential customers, opening businesses up to accusations of fraud. And they're paying for services that are ultimately worth very little.
Fake fans, real money
Internet fame has never been easier or cheaper to attain. There are literally scores of services that will add followers, fans, likes, page views, and more to your accounts for just a few dollars.
Some sites work like exchanges where people trade endorsements. On YouLikeHits, for example, you submit the social media accounts you want to promote and earn points for endorsing other people's pages. You can offer, say, 5 points to anyone who follows you on Twitter or 10 points if they add you to a G+ Circle. If that sounds like too much work, you can purchase points for .3 to .6 cents apiece and then use those to attract fans.
Others sites are more like Amazon; you buy a certain number of endorsements and wait for them to show up on your virtual doorstep. FanMeNow, for example, will sell you 500 "real worldwide Facebook fans" for $500 or deliver 5,000 YouTube views for $25. Want your artfully sepia-toned photographs to show up on Instagram's Popular Page? That will run you $250.
Do a Google search on "buy Facebook fans" and you'll find dozens more like these, not counting all the independent contractors on sites like Freelancer, eBay, Fiverr, and elsewhere. Nearly all of these services claim to provide "real" people for your money. In tests using several of them, however, accounts from living breathing humans were few and far between. In fact, nearly all of the accounts I purchased in researching this story appear to be fake.
Within 24 hours of signing up for YouLikeHits I added 34 followers to my Twitter account – and would undoubtedly have added many more if I hadn't run out of points. Virtually all of them were accounts created to promote work-at-home scams, porn videos, or sites selling even more fake Twitter followers.
On FanMeNow, I took advantage of a two-for-one sale to add 700 Facebook fans to my page for just $15. Nearly all of my new fans had Spanish surnames; approximately 80 percent had no profile photo and almost no activity, aside from hundreds of page Likes. I sent messages to 20 accounts that displayed photos of themselves and friends; at publication time I'd received no replies.
On Fiverr I hired an independent contractor named Richard Braggs, who added 20,000 views to an obscure YouTube video virtually overnight – though not a single comment – suggesting that the count was artificially inflated.
Braggs (aka Richard Roles, Rich Sidari, Magic Rich and Rich Rhythm) is the owner of CodeNameSystems, software used to manipulate fake accounts on Facebook, Twitter, G+,YouTube, and other social nets. This bot herder software relies on vast networks of zombie accounts created for this purpose, which are bartered on underground community forums such as BlackHatWorld.com.
None of these parties responded to multiple requests for comment. But Al Delgado, sole proprietor of FanMeNow, did talk to Slate's Seth Stevenson earlier this month:
Delgado told me he buys these fake accounts in bulk from suppliers in India. Techies on the subcontinent cook up all these nonexistent personas, making sure the accounts look just real enough to pass as nonrobots. In a typical day, Delgado says he fields 30 to 35 orders, most requesting between 1,000 and 5,000 zombie followers. "Sometimes someone will buy a million," he says, "which costs $1,300. Some of these are people you've heard of. I mostly sell to musicians, but also lots of models, comedians and porn stars."
The networks fight back
Not surprisingly, the big social networks take a dim view of this fakery. For one thing, it undermines the key premise to their business models: that recommendations from real friends are more valuable, and thus worth more to advertisers. A key part of Facebook's revenue model is selling ads to generate more Likes on a business or product page; these endorsement services appear to offer users the same benefits, but at a fraction of the cost.
Unfortunately for Facebook and Twitter, trying to stop swarms of fakers is like trying to halt a zombie apocalypse with a machete; they might lop off a few heads, but they'll be quickly overrun by the staggering horde.
Following a storm of bad publicity around bogus user accounts, which by its own estimates exceed 83 million, Facebook is stepping up its efforts to rid the network of fake Likes. The network has also been fine tuning the tools it uses to distinguish between legitimate efforts at social media promotion and the work of bot nets, explains Mat Henley, Facebook's e-Crimes Investigation & Intelligence Manager.
Many of these fakers are using malware or otherwise violating the law, Henley adds, so Facebook is working with law enforcement to pursue the worst offenders.
Finding fakes on Twitter is a bit more challenging, explains a Twitter spokesperson. Unlike Facebook, Twitter doesn't require members to use their real names, and it allows them to operate multiple accounts. In addition, some 40 percent of Twitter users are lurkers who never issue a single tweet, he adds, making them harder to distinguish from inactive or fake accounts.
Like Facebook, Twitter scans petabytes of data looking for anomalies that indicate bot activity, and takes legal action when it can. Last April it filed a civil suit against five companies that sold Twitter spamming software.
"Buying followers typically isn't very fruitful in any case," the spokesperson says. "It doesn't give you any more clout, and it puts your account at risk for being suspended."
Google did not respond to requests for an interview.
Fear of a black hat
Still, these efforts appear to seem to be having some effect. In June YouLikeHits announced that it would no longer trade Facebook fans, after receiving a cease-and-desist letter from the network. The Web site for CodeNameSystems appears to be shut down, and a notice posted on BlackHatWorld said the Facebook accounts created with it were under review.
Others are getting out of the business entirely. Last summer, Cincinnati-based marketing firm Web Media Experts shut down its LikeSocialMedia exchange, which relied on a network of real people trading Likes.
"It used to be the main metric of social media success for many companies was how many Likes or fans they had," says Mike Nail, vice president of operations for the company. "But what really matters is engagement, and when you're buying Likes to pad that number, your engagement rate actually goes down. You can't have engagement with people who don't exist. The real reason to use social media is to get leads, and you can't get leads from fake people."
Fred Daniels thought he was being careful. He insisted his fans had to be real, not zombies. They had to have been on Facebook for a minimum of three months and have at least 50 other Likes; he didn't want the contractor using any black-hat methods.
Odds are, though, Daniels didn't get what he paid for. I found him via a mutual fan of ours – one I had purchased from FanMeNow.
Starting a business to make the world a better place is a worthy and even fashionable idea. But what does creating a social enterprise really entail, and what skills should you have under your belt before you jump in?
Aspiring social entrepreneurs can find comfort and knowledge in MOOCs, or massive open online courses. Platforms such as Coursera, Udacity and Udemy feature a number of low-cost classes taught by expert faculty in socent and related fields.
See also: 5 Chrome extensions that make charity effortless
From using social media for social good to HTML programming geared specifically toward entrepreneurs, here are seven MOOCs you should look into before launching a socially conscious company.
Platform: Udemy
Price: $25
This MOOC is perfect for beginners looking to dip their toes into the social enterprise space. Taught by Jessica Lax, content developer for social impact at School for Change, Social Entrepreneurship: A Crash Course covers five essential topics: hybrid organizations, earned revenue, impact capital, impact measurement and human-centered design.
You can work at your own pace through more than an hour of video content and slides.
We're offering our Social Media for Social Change eCourse FREE on @Udemy. Go change the world! http://t.co/m5zAOINavF #SM4SC #RipplesEdge — Christine Beggs (@RipplesEdge) November 5, 2014
Platform: Udemy
Price: $19
Whether or not your social enterprise idea deals directly with social media, maintaining an online presence is imperative for any business worth its salt. This course addresses key social media strategies for social change, and covers examples of successful campaigns.
The MOOC was designed specifically as a skills-building tool for social entrepreneurs "to address old issues with new tactics for increased results."
Platform: Udemy
Price: Free
Basic coding is a skill everyone needs to have — even schools across the world are adopting it into their curricula. Whether you're looking to build a simple website for your social enterprise or you just want a better understanding of development as it pertains to business, this is the MOOC for you.
Programming for Entrepreneurs teaches rudimentary HTML and CSS programming languages and development concepts, so you can walk away with tangible, interactive prototypes of your business idea. There are 28 lectures, with more than two hours of content.
Poverty & Development,Climate Change, Disease & Health, Gender and Education..All topics in free class @coursera https://t.co/q12FljnKRL — Michael S Roth (@mroth78) November 13, 2014
Platform: Coursera
Price: Free
This MOOC focuses on creative ideas from well-known entrepreneurs, writers, academics and political leaders to discuss how innovation and technology can address the world's most pressing issues. Despite the audacious title, the class hones in on specific units: Poverty and Philanthropy; Climate Change and Sustainability; Women, Education and Social Change; and Social Networks, Education and Activism.
As of this writing, the class is in the middle of its current course of study (until Dec. 29), but you can join the watchlist to see when the next session will take place.
Disclosure: How to Change the World was developed between Wesleyan University and the 92Y, in conjunction with Mashable's Social Good Summit in 2013.
Platform: Udacity
Price: Free
Silicon Valley entrepreneur Steve Blank, who also teaches at Stanford, UC Berkeley and Columbia, instructs this course on the key steps needed to build a startup. The focus of the MOOC is the needs of the customer — the product, how to deliver it and how to engage your target audience.
While there may not be a specific "customer" for your social enterprise, How to Build a Startup will teach you how to identify key resources, partners, distribution channels and overall costs.
As of this writing, the class is in the middle of its current course of study (until Dec. 29), but you can join the watchlist to see when the next session will take place.
Platform: Coursera
Price: Free (Open Track)
We're proud to offer Social Entrepreneurship #MOOC on @coursera this fall. Syllabus and registration here: http://t.co/3YKzcvKiNe — The Wharton School (@Wharton) August 28, 2014
This MOOC comes to you courtesy of the Social Impact initiative at the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Business. Think of it as the next step after the socent crash course listed above. Wharton's course takes a deeper dive into solution design, concept testing, performance measurement, building for scale and more.
You can choose the free "Open Track," in which assignments are based on real-world examples of social enterprises, or the "Signature Track," in which assignments will relate to the specific social enterprise you'd like to pursue.
As of this writing, the class isn't in session, but you can join the watchlist to see when it starts up again.
Platform: Coursera
Price: Free
Strategy is important for any entrepreneur, whether you're creating a nonprofit or for-profit company. The University of Virginia's Foundations of Business Strategy teaches strategic analysis, the impact of competitive markets and how to create value through cases discussions of specific businesses.
The final project has each student select one organization through online forums, using the skills the course has taught him and her to provide a competitive analysis.
The course just wrapped up its most recent session on Nov. 23, but you can join the watchlist to see when the next session takes place.
Classic Bomber Jacket, v.1
by AlanQSmithee
This mod adds three variants on a classic-style leather bomber jacket with jeans: dark, black and weathered, each with a different shoulder patch and neckerchief color. For vanilla body model, both male and female.It's a resin of the vanilla postman outfit with the satchel removed by alpha transparency, so you can wear any bag, backpack, armor etc. with it.You can craft it at the chem station with two leather and two cloth.Manual only at the moment. Unzip the file and drag and drop the Data folder (it contains a "AQSClassicBomberJacket.esp" file and Textures, Meshes and Materials folders) into your Fallout 4 directory. It won't overwrite anything.Uncheck the .esp and delete the Textures, Meshes and Materials folders from the mod.For bug reports or other feedback, see the forum thread at the Nexus page for this mod.---------I got the idea after installing Tookiejones' "Commonwealth Survivalist Gear" and wanting to retexture his Looter outfit, then decided to make something completely new. (I also used his .esp as a template for adding outfits.) Both use the same UV map for the top half so you could conceivably use my texture with his outfit.----------My other mods:Park Paths - A Roleplaying Overhaul for FO4http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/14997/?Delta Wasteland Radiohttp://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/11087/?Caps and Masks for FO4http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/8836/?The Driver's Jacket for FO4http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/8508/?A Sackful of Hats for Fallout: New Vegashttp://www.nexusmods.com/newvegas/mods/58540/?
The BBC Proms is a global music festival, but do all orchestras now sound the same?
With 10 international orchestras making their debuts at the Proms this year, Geoffrey Norris wonders what it is that gives an orchestra its national identity
The Borusan Istanbul Philharmonic Orchestra with Principal Conductor Sascha Goetzel perform at the Proms on July 29
Distinctive sound. How often do we see these two words applied to orchestras? Read any orchestra's self-assessment and, likely as not, it will pride itself on the distinctiveness of its sound. Read concert or CD reviews of the great orchestras and in all probability there will be a comment about its distinctive sound. When Gramophone published its list of the top 10 international orchestras in 2008, all of them – from the Royal Concertgebouw at No 1 down to the Dresden Staatskapelle at No 10 – could be said to have a sound that is distinctive.
The appearance of no fewer than 22 foreign orchestral ensembles at the Proms this year, of which almost half are making their Proms debut, prompts a broader question: alongside any individual characteristics that an orchestra might possess, is there such a thing as a national identity to the way in which an orchestra plays? Can we recognise the Royal Concertgebouw as being quintessentially Dutch, or the Dresden Staatskapelle as German? Will the Qatar Philharmonic, with its complement of largely non-Qatari players and its South Korean conductor Han-Na Chang, strike us on September 7 as offering a typically Qatari slant on Tchaikovsky's Fifth Symphony, Rachmaninov's Second Piano Concerto and the Iranian composer Behzad Ranjbaran's Seemorgh? Will the Borusan Istanbul Philharmonic Orchestra under its Austrian conductor Sascha Goetzel bring a particularly Turkish flavour to its concert on July 29? Since the programme contains the overture to Mozart's Die Entführung aus dem Serail, that might well be the case, but in Balakirev, Holst, Handel, Respighi and Gabriel Prokofiev – who knows?
Describing orchestras according to their national provenance has often resulted in lazy cliché: discipline (German), reedy (French), quick-learning (British), sleek (American), full-bodied (Russian). Interestingly, Russia is one of the major countries that has no orchestra playing at this year's Proms, but it is in Russia where the most striking changes have occurred in orchestral playing over the past half a century. Anybody who treasures discs by Moscow or Leningrad orchestras from the height of the Soviet era will know that one of the instantly identifiable features is the exuberance of the brass sections. Give the trumpet a solo and he (it was always a) will be puffing out his cheeks until they are fit to burst and going full pelt with a vibrato as wide as the Russian steppe itself. Nowadays that is not the case. The practice is regarded as old-fashioned. In the Russian orchestras that have a long history, as in the ones that have sprung up in the post-Communist age, the brass sections are now, if not exactly mellow, then certainly less obtrusive in that way which foreign listeners often regarded as comical.
We tend to admire Russian orchestras – or at least the best of them – for the richness of sound that emanates from the lower strings and rises up through the general texture. But wait. Do we not also admire the way in which Vasily Petrenko has instilled a ‘Russian' sound into the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra for its Naxos series of Shostakovich symphonies? This is perhaps a much more intriguing development in the orchestral landscape of today than searching for national identity or contending that German orchestras have a special claim on German music, French on French, British on British, and so on. Programmes in concert halls throughout the world would look very bleak if that were so, and we know it not to be true. Yes, we can hear the Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra or the Royal Concertgebouw, to name only two, and we can know that they are who they are from the special attributes of the way in which they play and the particular timbre that they produce, a timbre that has in many cases been honed over considerable time and nurtured by the acoustics of the auditoria that the orchestras have as their homes. Tradition is a laudable, valued commodity, and it is a tribute to the dignity in which it is held that, for all the globalisation, swiftness of communication and ease of international travel that can mean an orchestra can choose players from more or less wherever it likes, individuality is maintained and cherished.
But, equally, the great orchestras – and even the not so great ones – have shown themselves to be malleable rather than doggedly representative of a ‘national' style. And this surely is a positive factor. If the music being played dictates a particular interpretative stance and elicits a compelling performance, does the orchestra's geographical origin matter?
The 10 international orchestras make their Proms debuts in Proms 2 (China Philharmonic Orchestra), 16 (Borusan Istanbul Philharmonic Orchestra), 44 (Melbourne Symphony Orchestra), 48 (Iceland Symphony Orchestra), 55 (Seoul Philharmonic Orchestra), 58 (Deutsche Oper Berlin), 61 (Singapore Symphony Orchestra) and 67 (Qatar Philharmonic Orchestra), and in Proms Saturday Matinees 1 (Armonia Atenea) and 2 (Lapland Chamber Orchestra)
Urgent action needed to clear up streets in Glasgow area as vermin breed among piles of rubbish.
Govanhill: Residents are demanding improvements to living conditions.
Residents have demanded improvements to living conditions in the Govanhill area of Glasgow as a charity said it was "unbelievable" Scotland still had such poor housing.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon, the MSP for the area, was confronted by angry residents last weekend who invited her to see the squalid conditions of some of their streets.
The Scottish Government and Glasgow City Council have ploughed £10m into a fund to improve properties in Govanhill but locals say conditions are still unbearable.
Residents told STV the area needed urgent action to clear up backstreets, with rats and other vermin breeding among the piles of rubbish.
Local householder Joe Beaver said: "We're only five minutes away from Hampden. Is this really Glasgow in the 21st century?"
After being shown some of the conditions, Graeme Brown, director of housing charity Shelter Scotland, said it was clear far more needed to be done.
He said: "It's unbelievable that we still have housing that bad. Scotland has done a great deal to improve its housing but clearly we have more still to be done."
The First Minister said she had been working with Glasgow City Council to improve the situation.
She said: "I take the view that it is less productive to talk about who's responsible and more productive to talk about how me as an MSP, the local councillors, the Scottish Government, the police work together to resolve these problems.
"These are issues I have been working on for a long time as MSP and will continue to do so. We recently passed legislation to give Glasgow City Council extra powers for enforcement."
Barcelona Doesn't see Messidependence as a problem
Pique not alone in Barcelona fury at Real Madrid refereeing controversies
Barcelona need Iniesta now more than ever
Barcelona's mood is buoyant following their Sunday afternoon win over Atletico Madrid, with coach Luis Enrique insisting that he too is over the moon with the three points.
Pleased with both the result and the performance at the Estadio Vicente Calderon, the Asturian was feeling positive ahead of Wednesday's hosting of Sporting Gijon.
"I couldn't be happier," he told reporters at his pre-match press conference when asked how he was feeling.
"They were three vital points [earned against Atletico] and we showed signs that we can improve.
"You saw how intensely we celebrated that victory."
It was put to the tactician that Barcelona rely too much on Sunday's match winner Lionel Messi, but the coach didn't see this as a problem.
"It would be naive to think we don't depend on the best player in the world," he replied.
"I hope [Messidependence] continues for many more years."
Looking ahead to the upcoming match, the Gijon native warned against underestimating his former team given that they are desperate for points.
"This Sporting team is maybe a little bolder in attack," explained Luis Enrique.
"They are a dangerous team because time is running out [to escape the relegation zone].
"I wish them the best as I've been a Sporting fan since birth."
Tactically, he gave little away, refusing to say if there would be a return of the three-man defence deployed against Atletico.
"I liked [the three-man defence], yet I won't give away any hints," he said. "It's a possibility."
The clash at the Camp Nou kicks off at 19:30 CET on Wednesday evening.
Spectacular 2,000-year-old treasures from the Roman empire and the Aksumite kingdom, which ruled parts of north-east Africa for several centuries before 940AD, have been discovered by British archaeologists in northern Ethiopia.
Louise Schofield, a former British Museum curator, headed a major six-week excavation of the ancient city of Aksum where her team of 11 uncovered graves with “extraordinary” artefacts dating from the first and second centuries. They offer evidence that the Romans were trading there hundreds of years earlier than previously thought.
Schofield told the Observer: “Every day we had shed-loads of treasure coming out of all the graves. I was blown away: I'd been confident we'd find something, but not on this scale.”
She was particularly excited about the grave of a woman she has named “Sleeping Beauty”. The way the body and its grave goods had been positioned suggest that she had been beautiful and much-loved.
Perfume flask found at the site.
Schofield said: “She was curled up on her side, with her chin resting on her hand, wearing a beautiful bronze ring. She was buried gazing into an extraordinary Roman bronze mirror. She had next to her a beautiful and incredibly ornate bronze cosmetics spoon with a lump of kohl eyeliner.”
The woman was also wearing a necklace of thousands of tiny beads, and a beaded belt. The quality of the jewellery suggests that she was a person of very high status, able to command the very best luxurious goods. Other artefacts with her include Roman glass vessels – two perfectly preserved drinking beakers and a flask to catch the tears of the dead.
There was also a clay jug. Schofield hopes that its contents can be analysed. She believes it would have contained food and drink for the afterlife.
Although “Sleeping Beauty” was covered only with soil, her grave was cut into a rock overhang, which is why the finds survived intact.
The team also found buried warriors, with each skeleton wearing large iron bangles. They may have been killed in nearby battlefields.
Other finds include another female skeleton with a valuable necklace of 1,065 coloured glass beads, and, elsewhere, a striking glass perfume flask.
In 2012, the Observer reported that Schofield's earlier excavations in the region had discovered an ancient goldmine that may solve the mystery of from where the Queen of Sheba of biblical legend derived her fabled treasures.
Aksum, the capital of the Aksumite kingdom, was a major trading power from the first to the seventh centuries, linking the Roman Empire and India. Aksumites were a literate people. Yet little is known about this so-called “lost”' civilisation.
“Ethiopia is a mysterious place steeped in legend, but nobody knows very much about it,” said Schofield. “We know from the later Aksumite period – the fourth and fifth centuries, when they adopted Christianity – that they were trading very intensely with Rome. But our finds are from much earlier. So it shows that extraordinarily precious things were travelling from the Roman Empire through this region centuries before.”
In return, the Romans sought ivory tusks, frankincense and metals. Schofield's excavations also found evidence of iron working.
The finds will go to a new German-funded museum, opening in October. Schofield hopes to organise a loan to the British Museum, but first the finds must be conserved: the mirror, for example, is corroded and slightly buckled. Germany is sending nine conservators.
Excavations were paid for by the Sainsbury family's Headley Trust and the Tigray Trust, a charity that promotes sustainability in the region; and by individual donations.
These egg muffins are a complete breakfast on-the-go or snack filled with quinoa's complex carbs and flaxseed's (or chia) healthy fats. Great for using up leftover quinoa, wilting spinach or sun dried tomatoes sitting at the bottom of a huge Costco jar. You could also make this recipe into an egg bake and cut into slices.
Please follow my recipe and either line baking tin's openings with parchment paper liners or use silicone muffin tin. Do not bake directly in a non-stick metal muffin tin, egg muffins will stick.
MY LATEST RECIPES MY LATEST RECIPES
Also try my sweet potato egg bake and breakfast egg muffins (with broccoli). I hope you enjoy!
What Are Egg Muffins Ingredients
Eggs: Obviously. I'm not “afraid” of egg yolk anymore but if you want leaner version substitute with egg whites keeping ratio of 1 egg = 1/4 cup egg whites.
Quinoa: Why leftover cooked quinoa? Because it adds carbs to eggs keeping your belly full longer. If you eat only protein for breakfast you will be hungry in an hour. True story but if I ate too many carbs for dinner that's what I do because my body is still full of energy. Balance, my friends. Your body knows best, not calorie calculators.
Vegetables: Because obvious again – health, fiber, vitamins
Flaxseed: OK, deep inside I wanted to skip it re-making this recipe but what 2018 human being who is looking for a healthy breakfast on-the-go recipe like these egg muffins doesn't own a bag of “desperately needed to be used” flaxseed or chia seeds?! Plus it absorbs liquid from spinach.
Cheese: Everything tastes better with cheese.
Can You Freeze Egg Muffins?
Absolutely!
Cool (by the way, they cool fast), place in a gallon size resealable bag in a single layer, close 90%, push out as much air as possible and seal completely. Supporting the bottom with both hands, lay flat in a freezer to freeze overnight. Once frozen, you can toss the bag around the freezer. They stay fresh for up to 3 months.
How Do You Reheat (Frozen) Egg Muffins
From fridge: Pop in the microwave or toaster oven for a few minutes. As all appliances vary, it's hard to say how long but using your own judgement should work.
Pop in the microwave or toaster oven for a few minutes. As all appliances vary, it's hard to say how long but using your own judgement should work. From freezer: Thaw in the fridge overnight and then reheat as in step above.
In both cases, no need to remove the liner. It actually helps with holding egg muffins in case they are too hot.
Can You Eat Egg Muffins Cold
Of course! That is actually my favourite way to eat eggs in cupcake pan, especially in summer! But even in winter I do not mind.
How to Make Egg Muffins
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and place unbleached muffin liners into a 12 muffin tin. In a large mixing bowl, whisk the eggs. Add cooked quinoa, spinach, sun dried tomatoes, feta cheese, ground flaxseed, onion powder, salt and pepper; stir to combine. Divide mixture evenly between 12 muffin tin openings and bake for 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool for about 10 minutes. Serve hot or cold.
Icelandic solution to a shortage of building timber
burstabær style in Turf houses of thestyle in Glaumbær
Interior of a reconstructed turf house in Fljótshlíð
Icelandic turf houses (Icelandic: torfbæir) were the product of a difficult climate, offering superior insulation compared to buildings solely made of wood or stone, and the relative difficulty in obtaining other construction materials in sufficient quantities.[1]
30% of Iceland was forested when it was settled, mostly with birch. Oak was the preferred timber for building Norse halls in Scandinavia, but native birch had to serve as the primary framing material on the remote island. However, Iceland did have a large amount of turf that was suitable for construction. Some structures in Norway had turf roofs, so the notion of using this as a building material was not alien to many settlers.
Construction [ edit ]
Turf roof of a house in Glaumbær, Iceland
Peat wall, Glaumbaer, Iceland
The common Icelandic turf house would have a large foundation made of flat stones; upon this was built a wooden frame which would hold the load of the turf. The turf would then be fitted around the frame in blocks often with a second layer, or in the more fashionable herringbone style. The only external wood would be the doorway which would often be decorative; the doorway would lead into the hall which would commonly have a great fire. The floor of a turf house could be covered with wood, stone or earth depending on the purpose of the building. They also contain grass on their roofs.
Evolution [ edit ]
gafli in Iceland. Turf house with a woodenin Iceland.
Icelandic architecture changed in many ways in the more than 1,000 years the turf houses were being constructed. The first evolutionary step happened in the 14th century, when the Viking style longhouses were gradually abandoned and replaced with many small and specialized interconnected buildings. Then in the late 18th century a new style started to gain momentum, the burstabær, with its wooden ends or gaflar.[2] This is the most commonly depicted version of the Icelandic turf houses and many such survived well into the 20th century. This style was then slowly replaced with the urban building style of wooden house clothed in corrugated iron, which in turn was replaced with the earthquake-resistant reinforced concrete building.
See also [ edit ]
This is pretty stunning news. While it was idle speculation leading up to election day in 2016 that Russia was behind the Wikileaks information and engaging in meddling of our election to hurt Hillary Clinton, the intelligence community didn't confirm the information officially until they issued a report in January.
Now we are learning select members of Congress were briefed in late August about Russia's attempts to meddle:
The C.I.A. told senior lawmakers in classified briefings last summer that it had information indicating that Russia was working to help elect Donald J. Trump president, a finding that did not emerge publicly until after Mr. Trump's victory months later, former government officials say. The briefings indicate that intelligence officials had evidence of Russia's intentions to help Mr. Trump much earlier in the presidential campaign than previously thought. The briefings also reveal a critical split last summer between the C.I.A. and counterparts at the F.B.I., where a number of senior officials continued to believe through last fall that Russia's cyberattacks were aimed primarily at disrupting America's political system, and not at getting Mr. Trump elected, according to interviews.
Here is a piece of information that leads to a serious question:
The classified briefings that the C.I.A. held in August and September for the so-called Gang of Eight — the Republican and Democratic leaders of the House and the Senate and of the intelligence committees in each chamber — show deep concerns about the impact of the election meddling. In the briefings, the C.I.A. said there was intelligence indicating not only that the Russians were trying to get Mr. Trump elected but that they had gained computer access to multiple state and local election boards in the United States since 2014, officials said.
Clearly, one of the eight members of Congress is none other than Devin Nunes.
Obvious question: Why on earth would Nunes agree to be part of the Trump transition team knowing this information?
The FBI already started their counterintelligence investigation a month earlier, so they were privy to information before that Congress did not have.
People can argue Nunes was free to do it because nothing suggested Trump or his team were coordinating efforts with the Russians. So what? Without a complete investigation, why would the Chairman of The House Intelligence Committee allow even the appearance of impropriety?
Nunes had to know Democrats would use this information for political gain and they certainly did:
On Sept. 22, two other members of the Gang of Eight — Senator Dianne Feinstein and Representative Adam B. Schiff, both of California and the ranking Democrats on the Senate and House intelligence committees — released their own statement about the Russian interference that did not mention Mr. Trump or his campaign by name.
Couple that with Nunes bizarre actions over the last month and it's no wonder he had to recuse himself from the investigation.
DIGG THIS
Volunteering for a high school for the past half decade has given me a sense of great respect for the small acts of rebellion practiced every day by students. Whether the students are conscious of them or not, I believe these acts are the seeds of a potential realization that the state school is the very antithesis of liberty. And, the more state schools use their preferred tools of coercion on their victims, the more I see students awakening to the violence and rejecting the tactics and reacting against it with displays of individuality.
My own awakening took place running high school cross-country. For the first two years, our coach never showed up for Friday practice, even though we were all supposed to do so. Our first reaction to this was a reactionary, rebellious "Great! We don't have to run today, so let's just go home. Screw it." This quickly gave way to the irrelevance of the coach as we decided to run practices ourselves — running was as individual as any sport could be, and we saw no need for an appointed teacher when we could challenge ourselves.
The absence of government created a free market where we came together and created solutions with no input from the state. In the process, our group became friends and the best-performing team in school history. Not surprisingly, that teacher/coach became one of our great friends, because we had this opportunity and we all treated each other as equals. More often than not, teachers just need to get out of the way if they want students to get an education.
We did it as teenagers with little school interference, and seriously considered quitting the team to run local races as individuals. The state beat us there, though, as a number of us were too young to be allowed voluntarily to provide work in exchange for money.
But after realizing that we were not high on the priority list of the coach, we quickly found out that we were not high on the priority list of the school itself. Not a single teacher came to watch us run, even at home meets, for an entire year, and we were left out of speeches where the principal extolled the virtues of the hard-working fall sports players, while leaving us out completely.
Our one attempt at school spirit, creating our own team shirts, was quickly declared "racist" by the principal and the shirts were banned. No explanation, just a royal decree and threat of suspension. Of course, that didn't prevent us from disobeying the order, since we already had the shirts. "If no one came to watch us anyway," we argued, "why should we care what the school thinks about what we wear?"
Yet we were expected to attend official gatherings, like sports banquets and awards nights, and make a show of being a happy part of the larger institution. Deciding not to show support for having been shown no support, all school events were boycotted by our group. Remarkably, the school could not force us to go to events outside of regular hours, but it certainly could ostracize us in class after class for not attending events we were not wanted at anyway.
This undeclared battle was pivotal in creating some of the first serious doubts of the state school as anything but an enormous bureaucracy more interested in its own continuance and creating an appearance of treating and educating all students equally well. I learned early on that school is nothing but a fourteen-year-long FEMA press conference.
The acts of rebellion I see around me when I volunteer now are not on the epic scale of the personal crusade for respect that I ventured upon and ultimately failed at. But the underlying message has stayed the same: "Leave me alone, let me challenge myself, and I will break the emotional and intellectual dependency your institution is attempting to instill in me."
I see it in the weight room where the music is so loud that the walls shake and one has to step outside in order to speak or think. No top-down program can be controlled with a dozen students wandering around and authority figures unable to issue commands over the pounding bass.
I see it when the head coach is not at practice and I give the runners the responsibility of deciding what to run. I find myself continually impressed with their creativity and ability to work with one another in the absence of an authoritarian figure telling them exactly what to do and how quickly to do it. The highest quality education is in learning for oneself how to interact with other individuals without the state interpreter.
I see it when runners decide not to come to practice so that they can go see a musical, vacation in Mexico, or visit family in New York. How can I deny them these important life experiences and ask them to sacrifice for the sake of a school they have bonds with beyond the coercion to attend? Of course I can't, but this is the typical reaction of the system to such acts of students having an experience not controlled by the bureaucracy.
There's little question the quality of education has continued to decline with more government involvement at higher levels. We don't need to see this demonstrated through videos of people outside Wal-Mart unable to locate the United States on a map of the world; schools were never about education to begin with, and memorizing disconnected facts in order to pass a test is nothing more than a behavioral exercise.
Students are not educated; rather they are schooled into emotional and intellectual dependency, designed to result in a mass-produced, confused, bored society, willing to trust in big government for protection and the mainstream media for approved pre-thought thoughts.
Encouragingly, though, the state school seems to be losing more and more of its influence in the age of the internet. Without students going from teacher at school presenting pre-thought thoughts to teacher on television reporting pre-thought thoughts, the conditioning begins to break down. In the short years I have been out of school, I have witnessed the growing disillusionment with the system in my friends, one consequence being their near-unanimous enthusiasm for Ron Paul and the fact that they have discovered and agreed with the principles of liberty on their own.
Every act of rebellion I see from students, whether they understand it themselves or not, gives me hope that one day more of them will have their own awakening to the inherent violence of government. These small acts against the coercive, intimidating system may one day result in a rejection of the state and its tactics; and I see more of these acts every day than students are given credit.
December 22, 2007
The Best of Nick Heeringa
A Range Rover Evoque equipped with Valeo self-parking technology backs into a parking spot during a driverless car demo. Photo by ROBYN BECK/AFP/Getty Images
Though still in the testing phase, driverless cars are quickly moving from closed-off highways to bustling city streets. Seeing the inevitable adoption of the futuristic technology by our nation's commuters, many states and jurisdictions across the country are proactively enacting regulations governing autonomous vehicles on public roads. But a recent discussion among technophiles goes way further into the future, asking whether or not driverless cars will “choose” to kill their occupants in the event of an accident.
Patrick Lin started the debate last week on Wired, questioning whether or not (hereto unspecified) crash-optimization algorithms designed to ensure passenger safety in the event of an emergency would cause driverless cars to intentionally hit larger vehicles better capable of absorbing an impact. Lin, an associate professor at California Polytechnic State University, is careful to acknowledge that his hypotheticals are merely a thought experiment intended to raise awareness of ethical issues surrounding autonomous vehicles. But then Popular Science and Gizmodo latched onto the concept, quickly allowing the discussion to devolve into one ridiculous question: Should a driverless car be authorized to kill you?
Arguments asking whether or not driverless cars should “choose” the least deadly collision (sacrificing the vehicle operator's life to spare a school bus full of children, for example) are fun/terrifying to think about. It's like someone asked Christopher Nolan to direct Speed 3: Driverless Doom. (Only one Google car can survive!)
But these arguments lose sight of reality in favor of drama. Washington, D.C., for example, already passed legislation deeming the operator of an autonomous vehicle to be the “driver” for all legal purposes, including traffic violations. The first models of driverless cars will be able to operate in either autonomous or manual modes, providing motorists with extra control during tricky situations. Simply alerting the motorist to a danger before switching to manual control will be enough to allay fears of an Audi's Choice scenario.
And don't forget: Autonomous technology is already out there on the roads. Many vehicles on the market today have automatic braking systems , which detect objects in front of the car and apply the brakes to avoid collisions. A family of five in an automatic-braking minivan may be relieved to avoid smashing into the trashcans in front of them, but decidedly less enthusiastic when they are subsequently rear-ended by the runaway garbage truck speeding behind them. Where is the panic?
The fact is, autonomous and semi-autonomous systems help make our roads safer. (A recent study of automatic braking systems found equipped vehicles 27 percent less likely to be involved in low speed crashes.) Driverless cars are no exception. In all likelihood, having a range of sensors capable of detecting any number of things a driver can't even see will help stop accidents before they happen. Just as people will certainly continue to die in automobile accidents long after driverless cars become available to the public, autonomous systems developers will also continue to find ways to avoid these tragedies. And no, your car won't “choose” to kill you. Here's hoping it reroutes you to a hospital if you choke on your breakfast burrito, though. Drive on, driverless cars. Drive on.
Washington (CNN) Speaking in San Francisco about the DREAM Act on Monday, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi was interrupted by a group of protesters, including some undocumented immigrants, CNN affiliate KPIX reported.
The demonstrators took issue with Pelosi's recent discussions with President Donald Trump and ultimately forced Pelosi to leave the event.
The group carried a large banner and chanted: "We undocumented youth demand a clean bill ... We undocumented youth demand that you do not sell out our community and our values ... We undocumented youth will not be a bargaining chip for Trump," according to KPIX.
"You've had your say, and it's beautiful music to our ears," Pelosi said, KPIX reported.
After the chanting continued, Pelosi told the group to "just stop it now!"
Read More
Four U.S. Marines were killed and three others injured Thursday when a gunman attacked two U.S. military recruiting centers in Chattanooga, Tennessee. The FBI has identified the gunman as as Muhammad Youssuf Abdulazeez, a 24-year-old native of Hixon, Tennessee. He is the son of Youssuf Abdulazeez, a 57-year-old originally from the Middle East. The Abdulazeez family home was raided by authorities Thursday evening and two women were being detained. FBI agent Ed Reinhold said there was no indication that anyone else was involved and no one else had been taken into custody. Muhammad studied engineering at the University of Tennessee at Chatanooga. Family photos suggest he graduated in December 2012.
The U.S. Attorney in Tennessee said the incident is being investigated as “an act of domestic terrorism” by federal, state, and local officials. The suspect reportedly began shooting from inside his vehicle, peppering an Army recruiting station with more than a dozen shots before driving to a nearby Navy-Marine training center and shooting a police officer in the ankle, Reinhold said. Abdulazeez was armed with "numerous weapons," but Reinhold decline to provide any details. Authorities would not say how the gunman had died. The names of the victims were not immediately released. Along with the injured police officer, a sailor was wounded and a Marine was hit in the leg, but not seriously hurt.
by Hadding Scott
ON 1 November 2016 the Hopewell Missionary Baptist Church, a Negro church in Greenville, Mississippi, was set on fire with the words “Vote Trump” painted on it. The FBI is investigating the arson as a “civil rights” violation: in other words, they are accepting that the words “Vote Trump” really do represent the arsonist's motive. The willingness to believe this is influenced by the impression, generated by mass-media, that such acts are typical of White racists. A consideration of the history of such incidents, however, and the circumstances of this particular incident, strongly imply that the motive behind this crime was not to discourage Blacks from voting, much less to persuade them to vote for Trump. Simply stated, neither a White racist nor a Trump-supporter did this.
In the early 1960s, there were some burnings of Negro churches by White racists in the southeastern United States. This was a response to the fact that those churches were used for organizing political assaults against the racial integrity of the White majority. (Recall: Reverend Martin Luther King, Southern Christian Leadership Conference, et al.)
In the 1990s, after about three decades of such incidents being out of the news, there was a new wave of hysteria about arsons of Negro churches — again, blamed on White racists (despite the fact that the motive of 30 years earlier was no longer present in any comparable degree). You would have thought that it was 1964 all over again.
The hysteria was based on three questionable assumptions: that there had been an upsurge in church-arsons, that Negro churches in particular were targeted, and that White racists were responsible.
Newspaper-columnist Carl Strock disputed all three assumptions, and noted that certain entities profited greatly from this hysteria, generated by what he called the Great Arson Hoax:
I refer to the widely propagated idea behind the money-raising that since early 1995 there has been a dramatic upsurge in the burning of Black churches, attributable to White racism.
Sober examination of the record has shown that there has not been any such upsurge, and that churches have always been favorite targets for firebugs, that White churches are targeted more frequently than Black churches, that the number of church fires has actually been on a steady decline since 1980, and that in most cases where Black churches are torched, just as in most cases where White churches are torched, there is no evidence of racial motivation.
The hoax was started by an outfit called the Center for Democratic Renewal, formerly the National Anti-Klan Network, and was quickly picked up by the media, by White-guilt groups like the National Council of Churches, by Black ethnogues like the Rev. Jesse Jackson (I'm sorry to say) and finally by the president of the United States himself, who put it into circulation in one of his weekly radio broadcasts.
For those who like an ironic touch to their news, after the president's broadcast there actually was an upsurge of church arson, apparently because of what law-enforcement officers call the copycat effect. [Carl Strock, The Daily Gazette, 13 August 1996]
The stupid and stubborn assumption, shamelessly perpetuated by anti-White mass-media, that such acts are always done by White racists, has been exploited in various ways. This time it is an obvious attempt to affect the presidential election.
There has not been any such act associated with the Trump campaign. Furthermore, any Trump-supporter with an IQ above room-temperature would realize that setting fire to a Black church and spray-painting “Vote Trump” on it is not a way to help Trump.
By the same token, Trump's opponents could certainly envision that such an act might help Hillary Clinton, especially since the response to her among Blacks has been unenthusiastic. Louis Farrakhan has called her a “wicked woman.” Torching a Black church after painting “Vote Trump” on it is very obviously a way to stimulate anti-Trump Black voting.
The anti-Trump forces are not above such a crime, either. They have already resorted to arson, of the Republican headquarters in Hillsborough, North Carolina, on 15 October.
False-flag operations, too, are already known to have been committed by the anti-Trump camp, notably with attempts to cause violence at Trump's events, where homeless and mentally ill people and paid agitators ($1500 and a cellphone for each) were sent. It is entirely likely that the church-burning in Mississippi is just one more criminal act — one more arson and one more false flag — by the anti-Trump forces.
Even apart from these specific indications of what motivated the recent arson in Mississippi, it should be clear that the default assumption, that arsons of Negro churches are always committed by White racists, has no relationship to current reality.
* * *
Source: National-Socialist Worldview
It's no secret that Facebook's revenue model relies on serving ads to its users, and selling their data back to advertisers. It's also no secret that Facebook tracks its users through cookies and social plugins across sites. But what may be surprising is that starting today, Facebook will also track those without an account on the social network.
The company announced early on Friday that it would begin tracking and serving ads to website visitors regardless of whether they have a Facebook account or are logged into the network. The company believe this will help both users and advertisers, by offering up better and more relevant ads.
Facebook's new cookie notification for those in the EU
On one hand this is not at all surprising, considering Facebook's reach and ambitions in the ad market. Plus, this is almost the exact same cookie-based implementation that other companies, like Google, are using.
On the other hand, Facebook has already been doing this, in some way or another: either by tracking non-Facebook users through social plugins, or by serving up ads and keeping an eye on users even when they were logged out of their social network account. And the company has been repeatedly sued for these practices. Class-action lawsuits were filed both in the US and the EU, and Belgium's government recently sued, and won the case against Facebook's tracking practices. Though the company will appeal, and has since clarified such policies.
However, none of these cases seem to have stuck, nor changed Facebook's mind in the long term. And given how widespread the social network is, the incredible number of users that it has, and the fact that it's simply imitating what other successful companies are doing, there's little reason to believe Facebook would ever go back on this latest decision, especially given the huge monetary incentives it has to continue.
If you're very worried about Facebook tracking you across sites, you can disable this behavior either directly through you account settings, or by dismissing one of the Facebook-served ads.
On the heels of a recent Reddit AMA (Ask Me Anything) with a McDonald's employee, an AskReddit conversation thread popped up yesterday that we couldn't tear ourselves away from.
"Fast food workers of Reddit, what is the one menu option at your employment that you would recommend people never eat? (Because of cooking safety, cleanliness, unhealthy, etc)," asked user 4ScienceandReason. This thread, which generated over 6,000 comments in 24 hours, brought some amazingly gross things to light -- some expected and some unexpected -- as well as some good-to-know tricks for the fast-food customer.
Some things you should probably stay away from:
Chicken Nuggets: Some of the grossest stories on this thread talked about the dubious material nuggets are generally made of. As noted by 4ScienceandReason, pictures and videos like these have already scared a lot of us off of chicken nuggets forever. Just in case that wasn't enough, this comment by Dfunkatron might seal the deal for you, "When I worked at McDonald's, I accidentally left a whole bag of about 100 chicken nuggets out on a counter for way too long. They melted. Into a pool of liquid. I never understood why. But they were completely indiscernible as being the nuggets i once knew."
Wendy's Chili: While not as traditionally disgusting as some other fast food traditions, we found Cozmo23's description of the chili recipe at Wendy's to be pretty stomach-churning -- "The meat comes from hamburger patties that sat on the grill too long to serve to customers. They take them and put them in a bin and then throw them in the fridge. When the chili is made they take it out, boil it, chop it up and dump them in the chili."
Vegetarians Beware: While a lot of comments admitted to using the same grill/spatula/knife on vegetarian and meat items alike, this comment from user attack_goblin made us gasp a little extra: "I used to work at a restaurant where we deep-fried the Gardenburger patties in the same oil we deep-fried the bacon."
Grilled Chicken: If there was any common theme in this thread, it was this: just probably don't order grilled chicken in any fast food establishment ever. One McDonald's employee confessed to slathering grilled chicken breasts with liquid margarine to keep it from sticking. An ex-Subway employee described the defrosting process they used, which involved soaking the chicken in hot water for hours, then squeezing the "chicken water" out at the end of the day.
Five Guys Appears to Be Safe: For now, no one has refuted user Cameron432's claim that they freeze nothing and make most everything fresh. Also, stick to the regular-sized fries, "One thing I will say is that ordering a large fry is always a bad idea. The difference between a large fry and a regular fry is surprisingly small (especially when it's busy)."
One comforting aspect of this discussion was the friendly disagreement. The most disgusting facts were usually counter-balanced by at least one other employee of each chain remarking that they'd always done it differently and that it really does depend on the management of each particular location. So if you have traditionally good luck in life, you can still order chicken nuggets, we suppose.
“Whoever you are, I have always depended on the kindness of strangers,” says the frequently delusional Blanche Dubois near the bitter end of Tennessee Williams' Pulitzer Prize-winning play A Streetcar Named Desire.
Ah yes, kind strangers. It's a playwright's loaded line. Put bluntly, Miss Blanche may practice intermittent prostitution. According to rumors, before her New Orleans travails, Blanche lost her Mississippi hotel digs because her scandalous associations with menfolk tarnished the joint's reputation. This naughty gossip, Blanche's louche behavior, her iffy relationship with what we might call the truth—the drip, drip, drip of on-stage evidence—leads many play-watchers to conclude, yeah, right, Tennessee Williams, I get it. That kind of kind strangers, the kind that tip the tart.
Blanche Dubois is a fictional character. Hillary Clinton often inhabits a fictional universe. Claiming she was targeted by snipers in Bosnia and telling Fox News interviewer Chris Wallace that FBI Director James Comey exonerated her grossly negligent mishandling of classified information are just two examples of Hillary's fictional existence. However, Hillary's State Department was no cheap Mississippi hotel, and the latest batch of emails confirming close, coordinated contact between Hillary's top State aides and the kind strangers who donate to the Clinton Foundation ain't rumors spread by traveling salesmen. Even The Associated Press is troubled by the number of Clinton Foundation donors with quick access to Hillary's senior staff. The second paragraph in the AP report has numbers, not rumors:
“At least 85 of 154 people from private interests who met or had phone conversations scheduled with Clinton while she led the State Department donated to her family charity or pledged commitments to its international programs, according to a review of State Department calendars released so far to The Associated Press. Combined, the 85 donors contributed as much as $156 million. At least 40 donated more than $100,000 each, and 20 gave more than $1 million.”
“Released so far.” That's the AP acknowledging the drip, drip, drip technique. More of Hillary's emails continue to appear, including emails she swore she destroyed because they were personal.
Indeed, it appears evidence of an axis has emerged, drip by drip, an axis that operationally connected Clinton Foundation donors to Hillary's State Department. That suggests from 2009 to 2013, when she was secretary of state, Hillary ran a hybrid organization—what we might call the Clinton State-Foundation—which served the needs of Foundation donors, in return for their… kindnesses.
If the Clinton State-Foundation looks like a pay-to-play bribery operation, well, it sure looked like Blanche Dubois was sleeping around a bit with kind strangers, didn't it?
* * *
Rajiv Fernando was a kind stranger who, in 2011, thanks to the kindness of Clinton senior aide Cheryl Mills, ended up as a kind stranger in a strange land—or at least strange from the perspective of everyone else on International Security Advisory Board (ISAB).
Now, the ISAB's portfolio is to provide advice on “arms control, disarmament, nonproliferation, international security, and related aspects of public diplomacy.” Fernando? He was a Democratic Party donor who had “given up to $5 million to the Clinton Foundation.”
Fernando had absolutely no experience much less expertise in security and diplomatic issues. Yet on one occasion when he attended a board meeting, members were discussing issues that required examination of top secret intelligence. As the Washington Examiner notes, it took Freedom of Information Act request by Citizens United to shakeout the emails that revealed the “scramble” by Clinton's aides when ABC News asked for Fernando's resume.
Wouldn't media bigshots call for a special prosecutor if a Republican administration had such a blatant appearance of compromise?
And what do the emails reveal about Kind Stranger Rajiv's appointment to a prestigious national security board despite his complete lack of qualifications?
“We must protect the Secretary's and Under Secretary's name, as well as the integrity of the Board. I think it's important to get down to the bottom of this before there's any response,” the aide added. “The true answer is simply that S staff (Cheryl Mills) added him,” another official later wrote. “Raj was not on the list sent to S; he was added at their insistence.” “S” is an abbreviation often used to denote the secretary of state in documents. In this case, it was a reference to Clinton.”
Ouch. It appears Cheryl Mills, Hillary's chief of staff and State-Foundation operative, added Rajiv Fernando, at Hillary's insistence. When the veil was lifted the rats ran from the light. Kind Stranger Rajiv left the ISAB four days after his background was called into question. It was, so to speak, Fernando's hideaway.
What does Rajiv Fernando actually do for a living? He says he is an investor. He certainly “invested” five million bucks in the Clintons. This kind stranger got his goody—the board position—but he didn't get to keep it. Did Rajiv Fernando get anything else for his five million? We don't know. It is, at this point—given the drip, drip, drip—a fair question to ask. It is a question that deserves an answer.
Prostituting the State Department isn't a sly joke—it's unethical, it's a national disgrace and it's probably criminal. It will take a special prosecutor to evaluate the criminality because the Obama Administration is culturally and ethically incapable of conducting an investigation. Attorney General Loretta Lynch is totally compromised by the Clintons. The late June 2016 meeting in Phoenix between Lynch and Bill Clinton followed by FBI Director Comey's sell out of the law proved that.
* * *
Judicial Watch, after battering a stonewall of Obama Administration resistance, obtained emails detailing Clinton aide Huma Abedin's thoughtful and careful concern for Clinton Foundation kind strangers.
“The Abedin emails reveal that the longtime Clinton aide apparently served as a conduit between Clinton Foundation donors and Hillary Clinton while Clinton was secretary of state. In more than a dozen exchanges, Abedin provided expedited, direct access to Clinton for donors who had contributed between $25,000 and $10 million to the Clinton Foundation. In many instances, Clinton Foundation top executive Doug Band, who worked with the Foundation throughout Hillary Clinton's tenure at State, coordinated closely with Abedin.”
Follow the link to the Judicial Watch page—and follow the money as the Huma and Doug State-Foundation team helps Clinton Foundation donor Casey Wasserman solve a problem related to a “criminal charge.” Wasserman is identified as a “a millionaire Hollywood sports entertainment executive” who gave the Foundation somewhere between five and ten million dollars.
* * *
For three years the Obama Administration stonewalled The Associated Press' requests for information. The AP had to sue in federal court to get the information “released so far.”
Of course the AP isn't the only outfit getting stiffed. Citizens United and Judicial Watch have encountered similar stonewall operations. The Obama Administration, on behalf of Hillary, is pursuing a Watergate-esque modified limited hang-out and stalling and stonewalling are part of the strategy.
The result is a clear-cut case of waging war on honesty—war on honesty waged by the President and his Administration. Oh yes, indeed, it isn't just the strategic falsehood. The Administration has justified its delays by tactical lies. See, it's difficult to respond—time-consuming—because the questions are complex, so many pieces of information, and so forth, etc.
Buying time is the goal. An interim goal was buying enough time to knock Bernie Sanders out of the presidential race. They succeeded there. Now, as Politico pointed out August 24, 2016 the Administration and Team Clinton are trying to “run out the clock” in the general election.
* * *
The Clinton Foundation, with its plethora of kind strangers, foreign and domestic, is proving to be a problem. It won't stop the clock, but clock watchers should beware: prostituting the State Department isn't minutia. It's precisely the kind of sleazy, self-serving political class revelation that ticks people off. People get it. Everyone knows what “on the take” means and the Clinton Foundation certainly looks like a global bribery and crony access scam run by a former a president and a first lady who is a presidential candidate.
Donald Trump has called on the Clintons to shut down the Foundation and end their dependence on kind strangers.
That's to be expected, he's Hillary's election opponent.
But The Boston Globe, that bastion of Democratic Party Media Privilege—even The Boston Globe wants the Clintons to stop accepting Foundation donations if Hillary is elected president.
See, taking cash from donors when you're president is, well, so unseemly. There'd be constant gossip, innuendo, wild tales of scandal that Boston Globe editors just don't want to hear—and don't want to be forced to ignore.
It appears The Boston Globe's editors don't have the guts to call the Clintons what they are: corrupt. Their editorial plea called the Foundation a “distraction.” Distraction? C'mawn Beantown media bigshots—it's their business and it's a big business. When Hillary was secretary of state the Clinton Foundation accepted shady donations. Those moral, ethical and perhaps criminal failures should be investigated, right?
Wouldn't you, Beantown media bigshots, call for a special prosecutor if a Republican administration had such a blatant appearance of compromise? For at least five years questions about quid pro Clinton quo have tagged Hillary and the Clinton Foundation. Those questions generated the Freedom of Information Act requests that the Obama Administration slow-rolled. Like pulling teeth? The AP and Judicial Watch experienced something much worse than pliers wrenching a human molar. We need a better dental metaphor. Like trying to extract a tusk from a bull elephant in musth. Credit the AP's Washington bureau and Judicial Watch and Citizens United—they are trying to get at the truth.
So, Boston Globe editors, now that we know Huma and Cheryl met the needs of Foundation kind strangers, why not demand the Clintons shut down the Foundation immediately? It's tainted worse than Blanche Dubois' seedy Mississippi hotel. To say otherwise would be waging war on honesty.
SEE ALSO: WAR ON HONESTY I, II, III, IV, V, VI, VII, VIII, IX, X, XI
Austin Bay is a contributing editor at and adjunct professor at the University of Texas in Austin. His most recent book is a biography of Kemal Ataturk (Macmillan 2011). Bay is a retired U.S. Army Reserve colonel and Iraq veteran. He has a Ph.D. in comparative literature from Columbia University.
When Bob's Burgers debuted in January of 2011, most of the reviews of the pilot—including mine—centered on whether this odd, unassuming show would be the one to break Seth MacFarlane's hegemonic hold over Fox's Sunday nights. The pilot was a promising piece of television, but it didn't immediately suggest what the show would become. Over the course of that first season and the too-short second season that followed, the show became one of the most consistently amusing on TV, with a sensibility that was nothing like any of MacFarlane's shows or the warhorse that is The Simpsons, still trudging along after all these years.
Yet in its third season, Bob's Burgers has found another level beyond even those first two years, to the point where it's routinely the show on television I look forward to the most. It's so enjoyable that most weeks, I simply turn off all critical faculties and let it wash over me. And the series almost always rewards that impulse, coming up with hilariously funny television that also possesses some of the sharpest storytelling on the program guide. When I reviewed the pilot, I compared Bob's Burgers to some of the previous animated series from creator Loren Bouchard (specifically Dr. Katz and Home Movies), as well as King Of The Hill, the prior home of executive producer and co-developer Jim Dauterive. Yet the older the show gets, the less it reminds me of any of those series and the more it puts me in mind of an even larger target in the hearts of pop-culture fans: those first three seasons of The Simpsons, when the series made at least somewhat of an attempt to take place in something like our reality.
Advertisement
There are plenty of superficial similarities between Bob's Burgers and The Simpsons, right down to the number of kids in both families, but what unites the two series at this point is tone. It may be tough to remember after the show hit such a peak by doing anything to get a laugh in seasons four and beyond, but The Simpsons started out as an often deeply realistic portrayal of a blue-collar family doing its best to get by in a world that seemed to have increasingly less room for it. At the time, the show prompted nattering from cultural commentators about how its realistic portrayal of the struggling American working class depicted a country falling headlong into a recession. (Not for nothing did the president suggest America needed more families like the Waltons and fewer like the Simpsons.)
Bob's Burgers seems far less likely to spur any tut-tutting from the aforementioned commentators, perhaps because animated sitcoms have become old hat at this point. Where Bart's exploits horrified those who believed children might copy him, Louise Belcher (voiced by the great, seemingly unhinged Kristen Schaal) is essentially a time bomb waiting to explode all over everybody she knows. But we know what these shows look like now, and whatever Louise could dream up, though it may be technically worse than Bart's rather Dennis The Menace-esque pranks, is a far cry from what Stewie on Family Guy or the South Park kids get up to.
What's been missed in talk about Bob's, however, is just how much it, too, is a product of the economic times it came to the air in. Where The Simpsons began as a story about a family just scraping by, Bob's Burgers is about the same, with the added layer of being about a small-business owner fighting to keep his head above water in a world dominated by corporate monoliths and other threats to his very existence. Perhaps all of that is what keeps the show from the relative weightlessness of something like Family Guy, which is ostensibly about a blue-collar family but came to the world (both times) in a country riding high on unsustainable economic booms, therefore said blue-collar family almost never worries about anything. The Belchers worry about everything, and that gives the show the stakes its Sunday-night companions lack. When the family's car breaks down in “Family Fracas,” the only immediate solution involves going on the titular game show to win a minivan. The need for money also drives the family to do some fairly strange things, like pretend that mother Linda and the three kids are actually the family of landlord Mr. Fischoeder in this season's Thanksgiving episode.
Advertisement
Now, obviously, this is all very silly. There's no real fear that the Belchers will lose the restaurant or run out of money. That would ultimately detract from the comedy. What Bob's Burgers is very good at is raising the specter of stakes, while leaving the audience with the knowledge that the worst couldn't possibly happen. (Again, shades of The Simpsons.) The show isn't about the recent recession or about small-business ownership or economic problems, but those items inform the proceedings. Similarly, the series doesn't accept as a given that the family members will all forgive and love each other by the end of any given episode, even as it knows that they will inevitably do just that. By taking the emotional stakes of the material as seriously as the show does—while never pushing them so far as to tip over into deadly serious drama—Bob's Burgers creates a stable foundation for its comedy, one it can turn to again and again to drive the stories forward.
What's most interesting about all of this is the way that the show borrows from the major television animation influence of the last 10 years: the 11-minute series of Adult Swim. Bouchard's Home Movies ran in that bloc for many years, despite having little in the way of the over-the-top absurdist humor the imprint's programs have become known for. (Similarly, King Of The Hill has run in the bloc for several years now.) Perhaps the foremost thing that sets Adult Swim shows apart from more traditional animated comedies—even something like South Park—is that the characters on those shows rarely seem to be having conversations, instead competing in some sort of punchline beatdown. At its best, this creates something unlike anything else on TV, where the punchlines build on each other in wild and weird ways, so that each tops the other, even though not a one logically follows from the other. At its worst, this creates cacophony, something that looks like a TV show and seems like a TV show but ultimately devolves into a bunch of shouting.
What Bob's has done is take this basic writing method—particularly in the storylines featuring the three kids—and implant it into the middle of the storytelling from The Simpsons' third season. The stories are more rigorous than they are on most Adult Swim shows. They would almost have to be, given that they're double the length. Yet for the most part, the story structure is basically an excuse for the show to let the characters bounce off of each other in weird ways. The series quickly realized that the three kids—Schaal's Louise, Eugene Mirman's Gene, and Dan Mintz's Tina—have very different comedy vibes. Louise is combustible, explosive. Gene is excitable, occasionally scatological. Tina is low-key, dreamy. Putting all three of them together results in scenes where they talk past each other, Adult Swim-style, but seem to understand what they're going for, in the style of the other Fox animated comedies. The actors' chemistry is such that it's completely believable that they'd have long, digressive conversations like this, but also totally follow each other through what's happening. In short, they feel like siblings, constantly pushing past each other and trying to top one another, but always coming back to a baseline of real affection.
Advertisement
It's that affection that carries the show. The basic story setup is essentially the same as Simpsons and Family Guy, so the writers count on viewers' familiarity with those programs to carry them through the show's more Adult Swim-esque elements. This gives the show a patina of being something fresh and new on the network-television scene, while simultaneously being very warm and comforting to viewers who may have grown up on the earlier two programs. Most network television is about the balance between lighting out for more original territory while not going so far as to isolate the audience. In its third season, Bob's has managed this walk perfectly, particularly in its best episode, “Mother Daughter Laser Razor,” which sends Louise with mother Linda (played by the adorably overbearing John Roberts) to a spa day, while Tina asks her father (H. Jon Benjamin, continuing to prove he's one of TV's best voice actors) for help shaving her legs. They're simple, Simpsons-esque stories, grounded in believable human emotion, then taken to absurdist heights.
But even better, Bob's Burgers is good at so many different kinds of jokes that it sometimes seems to take on the rhythms of a night out with funny friends. It has at least one surrealistic musical sequence in nearly every episode, whether it involves Thomas Edison and an elephant singing a duet or old-person swingers sexing it up in a swimming pool. It features grand visual gags. It features elaborate movie and pop-culture references (as in the wild, weird E.T. riff “O.T.: The Outside Toilet”). It plays around with tropes of both the genre it's in and the genres of stories it's seen before. It even has a ridiculous number of puns, more than any television show should be able to get away with in this day and age. It takes all of this, blends it with a genius ensemble cast that rattles off the show's weird-ass punchlines with aplomb, then builds it on a foundation of real drama and stakes. It feels so impeccably constructed that to take it apart seems as if it should ruin the magic trick of every episode, yet it all seems so easy that it almost doesn't matter. Bob's Burgers has always been a good show, but its third season has placed it in the rarified air of TV's best, a near constant assault of humor, heart, and old-fashioned showmanship.
Yooka-Laylee was developed by a group of industry veterans with decades of experience creating platformers on consoles like SNES and Nintendo 64. With games like Donkey Kong Country and Banjo-Kazooie on the developers' résumés, fans had high expectations when the new studio started a Kickstarter campaign for a project promising to revisit the glory days of the 3D platformer genre.
After a successful Kickstarter campaign and a lengthy development cycle, Yooka-Laylee launched to polarizing results. While some praised it for its humor as well as its adherence to the classic 3D platformer formula, others felt it didn't modernize enough in the nearly two decades since the release of Banjo-Kazooie on N64. As a result, the Metacritic score ranges from 69 to 74 depending on the platform, with individual scores reaching as high as 100 and as low as 20.
We caught up with Andy Robinson, writer and communications director at Playtonic Games, to ask how the team felt about the game's reception, and what he learned from the experience.
Game Informer: Looking at the final product of Yooka-Laylee, how do you feel about what you set out to accomplish versus what you did accomplish?
Andy Robinson: The team is really proud of what we've accomplished in such a short amount of time with a tiny (but experienced) team, especially considering we had to build a company at the same time! Not long ago we sat in a tiny office the size of a gent's toilet, and now we have an incredible group of creators and our debut game on the shelves – made possible 100 percent thanks to our Kickstarter budget.
Yooka-Laylee is the type of game that we wanted to make and it's gratifying to see the positive response from Kickstarter backers. Thanks to them we're now in a really strong position to make even better games that appeal to them in the future (which of course means lots of colors and fart noises).
What has the feedback looked like from your end?
It seems to confirm that we delivered what we promised to our fans and backers. It's difficult to please everybody all the time of course, but the comments we've seen – good and bad, and there were a lot of really positive reviews – suggest that fans of golden age 3D platformers will enjoy Yooka-Laylee a lot. Of course, we take all constructive criticism on board, which is why we've already released a patch to further improve things like performance and polish, and we're continuing to do that behind the scenes.
Did you expect it to be as critically divisive as it was? Why do you think it ended up like that?
We did – but perhaps not quite as broad as it ended up! We set out to make a '90s- inspired platformer for fans who missed the experience those games offered; an open-world style of platforming where the adventure is just as important as the jumping about. We had a clear mandate for Yooka-Laylee via our Kickstarter and while that wasn't a blueprint that would necessarily appeal to everyone, it's pleasing to see so many people enjoying Yooka-Laylee as much as we did making it. It's been a big maiden success for us and we're excited about the future.
Many of your design decisions intentionally rely on retro conventions. Do you think you relied too heavily on any of them at times?
In hindsight, the camera is something we perhaps worked too hard on. We put too much effort into trying to assist the player, when the feedback we're now hearing is that players want to have full control over their viewpoint all of the time. We've already made some big improvements to this and players will see a lot more in the near future.
The core of Yooka-Laylee's design is about empowering players to make their own decisions in how they play the game, and you'll see a lot more of that in our upcoming updates, whether it's in camera control, dialogue skipping, or controlling gibberish voices.
Yooka-Laylee doesn't hold players' hands, particularly when it comes to exploration. How do you feel about how you balanced that element of the game?
It's always very challenging to balance guiding players through the game, especially with modern game worlds looking so great and crying out for everything to be explored! Mini-maps and giant waypoint arrows are not something that fit the spirit of our game; we wanted players to explore the game world at their own pace with a real feeling of discovery. However, we've been listening to all the feedback and there are definitely some elements we can improve, specifically to how the hub world flows, and you'll see small changes there in an upcoming update (you like giant, googly-eyed chevrons, right?).
Do you think collectibles are still as viable as a game design convention today as they were when the games that inspired Yooka-Laylee were at their height?
Absolutely, we love 'collect-athon' games. But it's important that collectibles have a meaningful role in gameplay. We spent a lot of time ensuring that every collectible in Yooka-Laylee had a meaningful impact; quills to spend on moves, a power bar to remove the need for a dozen tedious move items, projectiles embedded in the game world as berry bushes rather than loads of ammo items etc...
The game is full of fun fourth-wall breaking lines. Were there any you liked that were left on the cutting room floor?
At one point Capital B had a whole series of taunts for the Icymetric Palace area, including one for the room with the endless scrolling walls which literally called out the area for, 'breaking the fourth wall... and the fifth, and six...'
There was also a something in Capital Cashino about the target game being the spiritual successor to the earlier target game but the NPC for that challenge ended up being cut.
Believe it or not, we did try and balance the amount of fourth-wall breaking dialogue, but it was such a lot of fun to write! Maybe we'll be more conservative in the future.
Prior to launch, you were open about the future of Yooka-Laylee and its universe. What successes do you want to carry forward? What should be left behind?
You're right that we always wanted to build a universe of characters and stories that will carry over into future adventures. We imagine you can also expect colorful worlds, amazing music, and our team's questionable brand of humor to form part of the Playtonic DNA. As for what we'll leave behind, you'll have to wait and see! But our intention from the start was to never constrain ourselves to one style of game.
What is the future of this series?
Class-based, free-to-play brawling, and microtransactions. Tell me right now you wouldn't buy a new hat for Trowzer.
You can see our review for Yooka-Laylee here.
E-cigarettes are used by millions in the UK, but information about them is sometimes conflicting. So what is the current evidence on them?
It has been described as a ‘disruptive technology' potentially capable of breaking our fatal relationship with tobacco. So the setting for a public debate on e-cigarettes - a museum part-funded by the tobacco industry, in a city home to the global headquarters of one of the largest tobacco manufacturers - was perhaps ironic. Yet on Wednesday evening, I found myself at the M-Shed in Bristol, watching just that: a debate about whether e-cigarettes could be part of the solution to the tobacco epidemic.
To mark the launch of a new Integrative Cancer Epidemiology Programme, linked to the Medical Research Centre Integrative Epidemiology Unit at the University of Bristol, Professor Marcus Munafò (Professor of Biological Psychology at the University of Bristol) and Professor Linda Bauld (Professor of Health Policy at the University of Stirling), both collaborators of mine, discussed e-cigarettes. Professor Gabriel Scally (Public Health Doctor and former Regional Director of Public Health for the South West of England) chaired the discussion.
Billed as a debate about whether e-cigarettes might be ‘the key to reducing smoking', some in the audience may have expected a heated discussion. However, with this line-up of academics, influential in the fields of public health, tobacco and addiction, the discussion was evidence-based and measured. As for the motion of the debate, the panel was unanimous: e-cigarettes may not be the key to reducing smoking, but they are certainly an important part of the solution.
This may be surprising to some, given ongoing discussions surrounding e-cigarettes in the media. So what is the current evidence on e-cigarettes?
Although we don't know the long-term health effects of e-cigarette use, they're less harmful than cigarettes
Pretty much everything is safer than cigarettes. There is no other consumer product, which, when used as the manufacturer intends, kills every other user, taking from them an average of 10 years of healthy life.
It's been said that “people smoke for the nicotine, but die from the tar”. E-cigarettes present a solution to this problem by providing a ‘clean' (or cleaner) method of nicotine delivery. They deliver nicotine in a similar way to a cigarette (and much faster than other forms of nicotine replacement therapy; NRT), but don't contain the other chemicals that ultimately kill cigarette users.
A recent Public Health England report stated that e-cigarettes are 95% less harmful than cigarettes, a controversial figure. However, as Linda pointed out, it's almost irrelevant whether e-cigarettes are 95%, 90% or even 80% less harmful than cigarettes. What's important, is that they are less harmful.
There's no evidence e-cigarettes are as harmful as smoking Read more
Yes, there are still some concerns about e-cigarettes and increasing levels of confusion and misinformation among the public around them. Evidence suggests that both adults and teenagers are more likely to report that e-cigarettes are equally harmful as cigarettes today, than they were a few years ago. Both Marcus and Linda speculate that these views may have been shaped by media reports fueled by disagreements between academics.
Horror stories of children drinking the liquid nicotine (a problem which can be alleviated by having stricter controls on safety caps) and fires and accidents caused by exploding devices (the frequency of which is still far lower than the risk of fire posed by cigarettes) have been reported in the media. There are ongoing concerns about the chemicals produced when e-cigarettes are used, some of which are the same as the dangerous chemicals found in burning cigarettes (although the amount of these chemicals is a tiny fraction of the amounts found in cigarettes). Finally, we can't yet be certain about the long-term health consequences of vaping, simply because people haven't been using them for long enough to know (just like we didn't know for decades that cigarettes definitely caused lung cancer).
For these reasons, we should be careful to ensure that children and non-smokers don't start using e-cigarettes - currently there is very little evidence that these groups are regularly using the devices. However, most academics and public health officials are in agreement that for current smokers, e-cigarettes are a safer alternative to smoking.
E-cigarettes can be an effective method of stopping smoking
Linda presented evidence on the effectiveness of e-cigarettes for smoking cessation. E-cigarettes seem to be somewhere in the middle of the range when it comes to helping smokers quit. Some studies show that they are more effective than either willpower alone or NRT bought over the counter, but less effective than behavioural support.
The type of e-cigarette used matters too. The early models (‘1st generation' or ‘cigalike' models) don't seem to be very effective methods of smoking cessation – interestingly, these are predominantly the models being bought up by the tobacco industry. The 2nd generation e-cigarettes and tank models (which can be refilled with liquids) seem to lead to higher levels of quitting success.
The sheer reach of e-cigarettes is their most powerful weapon. While behavioural support for cessation, combined with NRT or varenicline, has been underused by smokers wanting to quit, the rise of e-cigarette use over the past five years has been unprecedented. There are now an estimated 2.6 million vapers in the UK. With such a large number of users, even modest levels of smoking cessation success from their use will have a large impact on cessation rates.
E-cigarettes are a consumer-led revolution
The speed of the e-cigarette revolution and its ability to galvanize a whole community of individuals who now define themselves as ‘vapers' is impressive. Never before has a route out of smoking garnered as much support from its users. As far as I know, there are no online forums for nicotine patch users to discuss optimal patch placement, no celebrity endorsements for nicotine lozenges and no users of nicotine nasal sprays challenging European Union Directives.
Many vapers feel passionately that e-cigarettes have enabled them to quit smoking. Indeed, a passionate crowd was in attendance at the debate. When asked at the beginning to raise their hands if they had ever tried an e-cigarette, over half of the audience did so. This is in comparison to population surveys that report 1.5%, 16.5% and 58.5% rates of ever use among non-smokers, ex-smokers and daily smokers respectively.
The last question in the debate came from a member of the public who defined himself as a ‘vaper and ex-smoker'. He expressed his dismay that new the EU Tobacco Products Directive (TPD - due to come into force in May 2016) will impose strict regulations on e-cigarettes, including bottle sizes, tank sizes and nicotine strength. In order to continue selling e-cigarettes not meeting these new regulations, retailers can instead apply for their products to be registered as medicines. But this is an extremely costly route, likely to be impractical for the majority of e-cigarette retailers other than the incredibly wealthy tobacco industry. The TPD is currently being challenged by one e-cigarette retailer. However, if it goes ahead, there are concerns from vapers and those in the public health community, that it may mean the end of vaping as we know it.
Arguably one of the reasons why e-cigarettes are so popular is that they reflect a consumer-led revolution, built from the ground up. Users can personalise their product, and many see vaping as a lifestyle choice rather than a smoking cessation aid or a medicine. If strict regulation means fewer smokers switch to using e-cigarettes, this could be a huge public health opportunity missed.
Olivia Maynard is a tobacco researcher at the University of Bristol. You can find her on Twitter @oliviamaynard17.
The City of Tshwane's acting city manager has disclosed in an affidavit that there is a real risk of it being placed under administration due to the financial burden placed on it by its disputed smart metering contract with PEU Capital Partners.
READ: Charles Nqakula's open letter to Calata and SABC 8
Daily payments of about R4 million to PEU are however set to continue for the biggest part of next year before a ruling would be made says attorney Willie Spies who represent the applicants.
Lindiwe Kwele who served as deputy city manager under the previous ANC administration and is now acting as city manager and accounting officer, deposed an affidavit on behalf of the city in which the new DA-led administration concedes that the contract with PEU was entered into unlawfully.
The DA together with minority parties took over the political leadership of the city after the ANC failed to maintain its majority in the local government elections in August.
The ANC-led administration opposed the application to have the Master Service Agreement (MSA) and subsequent Interim Service and Termination Agreement (ISTA) with PEU reviewed and set aside. By deposing this affidavit the city has changed its stance and withdrawn its opposition.
Spies, attorney for civil rights groupings AfriSake and AfriForum who brought the application, welcomed Tshwane's new position. He says this is in itself a victory and vindicates the application his clients brought way back in 2013.
PEU and its implementation vehicle Total Utility Management Services (TUMS) are now the only parties opposing the application.
Kwele confirms under oath that the city is paying PEU about R4 million per day to service about 13 000 smart electricity meters. These payments “are a serious drain on the finances of the City of Tshwane and, because of such payments, it is cash-strapped and is facing the very real risk of being placed under administration,” Kwele states.
Should the court indeed find the contract to be entered into unlawful, and declare it and the ISTA invalid Kwele asks it to make a just and equitable order that would deal with the consequences of such invalidity.
She refers to the Constitutional Court judgement in the Allpay matter, which precludes the respondent from benefiting from an invalid contract, and asks the court to order PEU to declare its profits
Kwele asks the court to suspend any order of invalidity for a maximum of six months. During this period parties should make submissions about a just and equitable way to undo the agreement without interrupting services to power users. This would include the appointment of an independent valuator to appraise the value of the PEU system. Kwele specifically asks the court to reject a previous valuation of R950 million.
ALSO READ: Council of Shopping Centres expects improved retail conditions in 2017
Spy says even if the application eventually succeeds it would take time. In the meantime the status quo and therefore also the R4 million daily payments, would continue.
He says the parties will meet with the deputy judge president in February to obtain an early court date. “Hopefully that would still be in the first half of 2017,” he says.
Add to that the six months suspension should the order of invalidity be granted, and the city could be forced to keep on paying until late in 2017.
The Gauteng Provincial Department of Human Settlements and Cooperative Governance that has oversight over the city and would play a key role in any decision to place it under administration did not respond to Moneyweb's questions about the matter. The provincial government is led by the ANC.
Brought to you by Moneyweb
What if you could lose weight simply by lowering your body's thermostat for a couple weeks? Sounds like the perfect solution to shedding those extra holiday pounds. Researchers have now shown this can happen—at least temporarily—in mice, and the reason may be microbes in their guts.
The new research is, “another striking example of how integral the microbiota is to our physiology,” says Alexander Khoruts, a gastroenterologist at the University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, who was not involved with the work. Such studies, he says, may ultimately lead to bacterial supplements that can help control obesity, which affects one in every three Americans.
Gut microbes—the collection of bacteria and other organisms that inhabit our intestines—have been shown to play a role in a wide variety of conditions from asthma to obesity. But researchers still don't know precisely how they contribute to obesity. To gain a better understanding, a team led by physiologist Mirko Trajkovski from the University of Geneva in Switzerland has been following up on any leads he can to learn about the link between these microbes and metabolism. Trajkovski knew from past research that getting rid of some gut bacteria in mice makes them less able to maintain their internal body temperature in the cold. He wondered whether there might be a connection between gut microbes, external temperature, and weight control.
To find out, the researchers first surveyed what microbes were present in lab mice, which live in relative comfort at room temperature, 21°C. They then lowered the temperature to 6°C for 11 or 30 days, similar to conditions experienced by wild mice. During the experiments, the researchers took the temperatures of the mice, sampled their stool, and measured other metabolic parameters such as insulin uptake and fat type.
Normally, mice gain weight as they age and maintain a constant body temperature. In the experiment, the cold triggered an initial slight drop in temperature, causing the mice to burn fat and lose weight. Blood sugar levels dropped as well, and the cold mice became more sensitive to insulin. What's more, their microbial makeup shifted significantly. Notably, a microbe called Akkermansia muciniphila, which is associated with obesity and diabetes, virtually disappeared, the researchers report online today in Cell. As this happened, the mice and their microbes seemed less adept at wringing energy from the food they digested.
After a little more than a week, however, weight loss leveled off and caloric intake from the gut improved. When the researchers looked inside the mice, they found something unusual: Their intestines had increased in length, helping to make digestion more efficient.
To see whether the shift in bacteria drove these physiological changes, the researchers transplanted bacteria from the cold-adapted mice into two other groups of mice without resident gut bacteria. Mice in both groups responded to the bacterial transplants as if they, too, had been exposed to prolonged cold. Their weight dropped, their blood sugar dropped, and they even grew longer intestines. “I was not expecting the magnitude of the response,” Trajlovski says. What's more, when he and his colleagues gave the mice A. muciniphila, their intestines shrank, and the mice never stopped losing weight.
Barbara Cannon, a physiologist at Stockholm University, is surprised at the degree of the effects, particularly how quickly the metabolisms of mice living with the bacteria of cold-adapted mice changed. “I find it very remarkable that transplanted microbiota can continuously double the metabolic rate of mice and look forward to an explanation of the mechanism,” she says.
But whether these results apply to humans is a big “if,” Trajkovski cautions. Coming from a cold place himself, he thinks cold exposure is healthy—in moderation. “But you should not overdo it.”
Regardless, the work suggests that species like A. muciniphila may one day help control weight problems. “We have entered an age when microbiota therapeutics are becoming a reality,” Khoruts says. “Clearly we have to think of energy metabolism disorders as one of the main targets for this new class of therapies.”
French President Emmanuel Macron is engaging in selfish trade protectionism when seeking to limit the freedom of movement of workers and services. Lofty rhetoric of social dumping is bad old trade protectionism dressed up as social fairness.
Well-capitalized Western companies with their know-how and huge scale have an advantage in the trading of products. Eastern Europe, with an educated and ambitious, albeit poorer, workforce, has an advantage in the provisional offering of service labor. These complementary strengths and weaknesses combined in the common market could fuel growth and strengthen the European project.
Harnessing the relative strengths for common good requires mutual adjustment, as all growth does. Several years ago, well-capitalized Western corporations in possession of numerous patents and the latest technology received tariff-free access to Eastern European markets.
Local producers had to restructure, and many closed shop. Eastern Europeans accepted products from Western European producers in our national markets believing that trade is a two-way street.
However, now that Eastern European providers of services have found their footing in the common market (see chart below), Macron wants to make intra-EU trade a one-way street: Eastern Europeans purchase Western Renaults and Volkswagens, but the West will erect trade barriers against Eastern European truck drivers and construction workers.
Petty nationalism of this sort will fan the flames of populism.
Equal pay for equal work in the same place is incompatible with a common market. Pay differences are a legitimate element of competition among service providers. Significant pay differences exist within national economies and even within the same cities.
Eastern Europe is not calling for duties and tariffs to offset the cost advantage held by efficient Western European producers of goods. We enjoy good products at good prices. Western European consumers also deserve good services at good prices.
When Emmanuel Macron claims that “posted worker rules” are fueling populism, he is partially right. A well-functioning market does cause reallocations of workers and assets to their most productive application.
It is only natural for the workers affected by this process to feel displaced and angry. However, preventing timely restructuring is a leading cause of economic inefficiency and increased restructuring costs later.
Responsible statesmen assuage the pain of economic dislocation without resorting to the palliative of populist “blame-the-foreigner” rhetoric and trade barriers.
If Eastern European voters come to believe that the dislocation of hard-working Eastern Europeans from Western markets is not the result of the purchasing decisions of market participants, but the result of Macron's scheming, our politicians will have no choice but to retaliate.
Make no mistake, we would be backed into a corner. The folly of paying equal pay for equal work is evident in the rapidly depopulating areas of East Germany. For political reasons, the exchange rate with East Germany was set at above market rates.
This promptly priced a large proportion of East Germans out of their jobs. The fact that Poland stands to suffer disproportionately in a trade war need not stop what would be set in motion.
When facing overwhelming odds, it is often rational to be irrational. Just ask the Germans and the Russians whether our numerous Polish uprisings against their diktats were based on a calculus of immediate costs and benefits.
Europe need not descend into tit-for-tat protectionism. European leaders need not stoke the fire of nationalism. Barriers to trade in services are inefficient and immoral. Mutual adjustments in search of economic efficiency will make the EU strong and prosperous.
The role of national leaders is to revive the promise of the European project and keep petty protectionism at bay. Most importantly, the rules that hold Europe together must apply to all, all the time.
The EU's common market is founded on four freedoms of movement of: people, products, capital and services. Some in France and Germany want to pick and choose which aspects of the common market will function and which will not. Letting them have their protectionist way will warp the European project and cause it to eventually wither away.
Pawel Dobrowolski is an economist and former investment banker who served as an assistant to Jeffrey Sachs during the first Leszek Balcerowicz government in Poland that implemented the transition from a planned to a market economy. He successfully lobbied for the introduction of public hearings into Poland's parliamentary procedures and the liberalization of Poland's consumer bankruptcy protocol. Currently, Dobrowolski is chief economist at the Polish Development Fund.
Jakarta. Vice President Jusuf Kalla said a meeting between former president Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and President Joko "Jokowi" Widodo may take place after the simultaneous regional elections on Feb. 15.
Kalla said Jokowi will welcome Yudhoyono at the Presidential Palace anytime after the elections — including the one in Jakarta in which Yudhoyono's son Agus Harimurti is contesting — are over.
"As the vice president, I don't make the final call. But the president will welcome SBY [Yudhoyono's nickname] at the palace. This will take place after Feb. 15, though, to avoid unwanted speculations," Kalla said on Friday (03/02).
The vice president had called on the two leaders to meet to calm things down after the hotly contested Jakarta election.
Earlier in a press conference on Wednesday afternoon, Yudhoyono claimed he had been prevented from meeting with the president.
However, Cabinet Secretary Pramono Anung denied the rumor.
"We heard a rumor that someone is trying to block [the meeting]. This is completely untrue. All guests wanting an audience with the president have to submit a request to the State Secretary or the Cabinet Secretary, that's our standard operational procedure," Pramono said.
Several former presidents and senior politicians have met with Jokowi recently. This includes former President B.J. Habibie, former Vice President Try Sutrisno and the Great Indonesia Movement Party (Gerindra) chairman Prabowo Subianto – Jokowi's rival in the last presidential election.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
The Trump administration announced late Thursday night that it would no longer provide key health insurance subsidies that are intended to keep costs down for lower-income Americans. The move, widely viewed as an effort to sabotage Obamacare, has the potential to disrupt insurance markets. The subsidies, which are paid to insurance companies, help cover the cost of providing affordable coverage.
“The bailout of insurance companies through these unlawful payments is yet another example of how the previous administration abused taxpayer dollars and skirted the law to prop up a broken system,” the White House Press Office said in an emailed statement. “Congress needs to repeal and replace the disastrous Obamacare law and provide real relief to the American people.”
Wes Siler is a full-time writer and in charge of IndefinitelyWild, a site about adventure travel in the outdoors. He is also quite the motorcycle guru, appearing on /DRIVE's series called RideApart, which had videos based on the best motorcycles for beginners and some quite interesting canyon carving. In 2007, he was also the first Road Test Editor for Jalopnik.
We wanted to pick his brain about his past experiences riding motorcycles, especially when it comes to safety. So many new motorcyclists don't err on the side of caution and start out with improper safety techniques or have the wrong mindset going into the hobby. Even more experienced riders may also fall prone to lax tendencies and may not be making safety their highest priority.
Q: Give me a little history to how you started riding. Was riding a motorcycle an upgrade from riding dirt bikes, or just an urge you had?
I started out as a car enthusiast, but quickly realized that bikes offered a much more pure experience and that their performance-to-dollar ratio was off the chart. This was in England, where motorcycles are a normal part of everyday life, so my progression through the ranks of performance and mentors were built in. It was also patently obvious that bikes just make much more sense as personal transportation, freeing you from the shackles of traffic and offering much lower running costs. Important in a country where gas is four or five times the price it is here in the US. I joined some motorcycle forums, met friends through them, learned more about the sport and developed my riding ability and the rest is history. I sold my last car in 2002 and never looked back.
Advertisement
Q: What was the reaction of family and close friends when you started riding? Did they have any fears/concerns of your safety?
My mom worried a little bit, but I think mostly she was concerned that wearing a helmet was contributing to the acne I had back then. Again, motorcycles are a more normal part of life in England rather than the extreme sport or moron bait they are here. You start small, wear all the safety gear and prioritize safety over everything else.
Advertisement
Q: What was your own thought process in terms of the added danger to being on the road? What were the precautions you took?
I was 16. Danger was awesome. It still is. Bikes don't really have to be a dangerous thing and it's a little crazy that they're so widely considered such in this country. Do you think a family of three, all commuting on the same bike through Jakarta considers what they're doing very dangerous? Our approach to motorcycles here is simply a ridiculous one, which creates the danger. Yes, buying a specialized tool for experts which is capable of traveling at 200mph, then attempting to operate it as a total novice while wearing cargo shorts and tribal tattoos is going to kill you. No one should be surprised by that.
Advertisement
Q: Looking back on when you first started riding to your current skill level, what advice could you offer your past self in terms of riding, in both skill and safety?
I had a couple great mentors, plus the entire culture of skilled, mature motorcycling England offers, so I was honestly as safe and cautious a beginner as you could expect. You have to take substantial training there, just to pass your test. Compare that to America, where the best new rider training on offer — The Motorcycle Safety Foundation Basic Rider Course, which serves as the practical license test in most states — is equivalent to the course you must take just to get your learner's permit in the UK. And, most American riders don't even do that much. You also have tiered licensing, so new and young riders start on small, light, easy bikes. I do wish I'd been able to start riding dirt bikes earlier, but that's a relatively inaccessible thing outside California (or the west coast in general) where I now live. Now, all my friends that I give road and sport lessons to leave me in their dust once we get off road.
Advertisement
Check back for Part 2 on Wednesday @ 10 AM. We will also be taking questions below for the possibility of Wes to answer.
As a counter to the idea that baseball is complicated and unpredictable: sometimes, baseball can seem ever so easy to understand. Not long ago, the Blue Jays traded for Troy Tulowitzki, perhaps or probably the very best shortstop. Shortly thereafter, the Jays also traded for David Price, easily one of the very best starting pitchers. Since Tulowitzki joined the lineup, the Jays have gone 11-1, and the one loss was a Tulowitzki day off. Over the weekend, the Jays pulled closer to the Yankees by sweeping them in their own stadium. Why wouldn't that happen? Two superstars were added to what was already a pretty good club. Pretty good + superstars = even better! We've figured this game out.
The Jays have eaten up ground faster than anyone could've reasonably imagined. Sometimes there are concerns that adding pieces at the deadline can disrupt a clubhouse atmosphere, but all the lights are green in Toronto, and the probabilities that encouraged Alex Anthopoulos to act aggressively have only gotten significantly more positive, validating the moves that were made. The Jays are built to bludgeon, but they've also meaningfully improved the pitching staff, with everything clicking about perfectly at the moment. The question now needs to be asked: how good is this team? When a team's on a winning streak, it's almost impossible to imagine it losing. The Jays will lose, and they'll do it several times. But is any other team positioned to lose less?
If you're not in the mood to read very much, I can save you some time. The rest of the way, the Blue Jays are projected as the best team in the American League. Those projections can be interpreted as a pretty good measure of current ability level, so, the working hypothesis here is that there's no one better in the AL. The Royals have the better record, and they made their own blockbuster additions, but the Blue Jays still seem stronger. You can believe that, or you can disagree with it, but you know where we're almost obligated to stand. The Jays have played well; they should continue to play well. You can leave now, if you like.
But maybe you stuck around! In which case, let's get to that headline. I've described the Blue Jays as both overachievers and underachievers. It doesn't seem like they should both be able to apply at once, but I can explain. And then we can get into the juggernaut thing. It's not just recency bias.
As far as the overachieving is concerned, countless people have pointed out the Blue Jays' league-leading run differential. That's not just something that's happened lately — even before the big deadline moves, Toronto was running the best run differential in the AL, despite a roughly .500 record. This has been used as evidence that the Jays are, or were, far better than their record. They've scored 68 more runs than any other team.
This gets a bit numbers-y, but to put it simply, the Jays probably haven't been as good as their total number of runs scored. Run differential takes one step toward stripping away randomness that influences team record. There are still more steps you can take. As a team, the Jays have a 113 wRC+, which is excellent. The Dodgers are at 112. The Giants, 111. The Yankees, 109. It makes sense that the Jays would have a league-leading offense, but not quite by this margin.
A way to examine this: Toronto has a team 135 wRC+ with men on base. With the bases empty, it's 97, meaning they have a 38-point gap. The league-average difference this year is seven points. In second place, the Twins and Padres are tied, at 23. The Jays have put hits together at the right times, and though one should always be hesitant to just chalk things up to luck, this split didn't exist for Toronto a season ago. It's probably mostly just noise. Which means Toronto “should have” scored fewer runs, in sum.
I'll skip over further math, but based on good estimates, the Jays have overachieved by something like 0.3 runs per game. If you adjust their run differential appropriately — and then if you do the same for their pitchers — then they get worse by 21 runs. This is all looking back, not forward, but it does matter if you're going to cite their run differential as a reason why they're terrific. The run differential appears slightly misleading.
But, hey, funny thing — the Jays' “corrected” run differential is +108. That's according to BaseRuns. It's still the best mark in baseball, by 10. At this writing, the Jays have baseball's top BaseRuns record, and this is where the underachieving comes in. They're about seven wins short of where they could be expected to be, given their overall performance. Deviation from BaseRuns record is almost always random. The raw run differential misleads, but only a little bit.
Think about this. Based on team performance so far, it could easily be argued that Toronto has been the AL's top team. Based on the rest-of-season projections, it could easily be argued that Toronto is the AL's top team. I know the Royals have the win total, but the Jays have the stronger statistics, and the roster that's been built is relatively short on weaknesses.
You know the general overview. Ace starter fronting an otherwise mediocre group. Offense designed to make the rotation issues almost irrelevant. Down the stretch, there are 72 regulars projected for a wOBA of at least .330. The Blue Jays have five of them, more than any other AL team. There are 16 regulars projected for a wOBA of at least .360. The Blue Jays have three of them, more than any other baseball team. Jose Bautista, obviously, is tremendous. Ditto Edwin Encarnacion. Ditto Troy Tulowitzki, and Russell Martin, and Josh Donaldson. There's nothing secretive about this lineup. They aren't just quietly good, like San Francisco.
And it's worth noting that, when healthy, Devon Travis seems quite a bit better than his projection. Justin Smoak and Chris Colabello make for a decent platoon. Ben Revere isn't much of a hitter, but he makes an additional offensive contribution on the bases; Kevin Pillar isn't much of a hitter, but he can field his position, so they'll take the outs with the outs.
The lineup is simultaneously top-heavy and deep. You knew that. The rotation is top-heavy and thin. You knew that, too. There's one more piece of the puzzle, and it's probably getting a bit underrated. The Jays have successfully restructured their bullpen, and though no one thinks of it yet as a strength, there's excellent reason to. Quietly, Toronto has worked to solidify the later innings, and this is a big reason why they should be thought of as a serious World Series contender.
They've added Mark Lowe. They've added LaTroy Hawkins. Aaron Sanchez is back in the bullpen. Toronto's active roster features eight relievers, and here's what they've combined to do as relievers in 2015, over 276 innings:
ERA-: 68
68 FIP-: 72
72 xFIP-: 75
Now, it's not fair to compare the performance of a selected group to other overall performances, but just for the sake of reference, only two bullpens currently have a lower ERA-. No bullpen has a lower FIP-, and no bullpen has a lower xFIP-. As far as the latter two are concerned, no bullpen is close. Again, the direct comparison is unfair, but the point is that the group of relievers the Jays have at their disposal has collectively been terrific. Sanchez is back where he's supposed to be. Lowe and Hawkins were important additions, lost in the cloud of everything else. The Jays have a lot of arms who can handle the later innings, and when you combine that with the offense and with the addition of Price, there's a lot less pressure on the rest of the starters. They basically just have to avoid being terrible. Most pitchers in the majors can do that.
The lineup is at least as strong as anyone else's. The rotation just added the biggest piece possible, and the bullpen has transitioned from unreliable to better than most. The Blue Jays haven't lost in a while, which means it's hard to picture them losing again. They'll lose again, and they'll maybe do it tonight. But every baseball team loses. There aren't many baseball teams who look like they're going to lose less often than this one. If it's possible to have a second-place juggernaut, that's what Alex Anthopoulos has put together. Which is why they might not be in second place for long.
Note: The bill is 123 pages and can be found here. I have not had the chance to read all of it yet so my commentary is second hand. I will try to read the whole thing and post an updated analysis then.
Are you really surprised? I am not. Between a moderate president who has vocally advocated and praised leftist healthcare plans, the tendency for the legislative branch to take a back seat to the executive and for Republicans to cower in battle it should not be a surprise. Yesterday, Paul Ryan and Congressional Republicans released a their “Obamacare-lite” plan to replace Obamacare and they have been lambasted by conservatives for their ideological and practical failures. The National Review editorial board called it “a disappointing start”. The Heritage Foundation, Club for Growth and FreedomWorks have all blasted the proposed bill. It has also been blasted by Senators Rand Paul (calling it “Obamacare lite”), Mike Lee (“a step in the wrong direction”) and Representatives Justin Amash (“repackages Obamacare”) and Thomas Massie (“stinking pile of garbage”).
Let me start with the biggest problem in this plan– maintaining the ban on discrimination based on preexisting conditions but removing the individual and employer mandate. This is a massive inconsistency. You have to have an individual and employer mandate if you want insurance to work without allowing for discrimination based on preexisting conditions. The entire purpose for the mandates was to force healthy people to get on insurance plans to offset the costs of the unhealthy people now being subsidized by insurance companies. And yes, I used “subsidized” for a reason. When insurance companies have to cover someone with cancer who did not pay for a plan before that is not insurance but a subsidy. So no, banning discrimination because of preexisting conditions is not making sure they can get insurance but that they can get a subsidy paid for by healthy people. The only other way around this problem is direct subsidies to insurance companies.
To get around this, the plan allows for a thirty percent surcharge on top of insurance premiums for failing to maintain continuous coverage. While the plan gets rid of the explicit mandate it does replace it with a de-facto mandate of sorts. To quote Ben Shapiro, this is a “back door” mandate. While this mechanism is designed to achieve the same goal as the tax levied under the current regime, call me skeptical to think that a one-time surcharge would be less effective than a yearly tax, which would likely be more. As long as you did not need insurance, you could avoid the surcharge. I would love to see the numbers behind this but I a weaker mandate will not work as well as the current one.
In another way to get around the mandate-preexisting condition contradiction, the proposed plan raises what insurance companies from charging the oldest customer three times the youngest customer to five times. While this time of policy make make us feel good inside, as Milton Friedman pointed out, intentions do not matter. This is bad policy. Older people cost far more than younger people. Just to give you an idea of the disparity, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, “Out-of-pocket healthcare spending increased with the age of the reference person from $943 for the under-25 age group to $5,188 for the 65–74 age group.”
In another mechanism to deal with the contradiction, the plan tries to deal with this is age-based tax credits between $2,000 and $14,000 for middle and lower class individuals and families. This serves two purposes. While the Democratic mandate has the healthy population subsidize the sick through insurance companies, the Republican plan does it directly though the government. Secondly, this will incentivise and ease the brunt of the costs for poorer families when they buy insurance. In a similar policy, this plan subsidizes high-risk insurance pools created by state governments.
Another terrible policy this bill follows is the tax credit for employer-provided insurance. Currently there is a cap on this but this plan removes it. While I am all for letting businesses keep more of their money, I do not want to do it in a way that incentives purchasing more health insurance. Health Insurance, in its current state, is the equivalent of going into a grocery store with someone else's credit card. This is one of the biggest reasons healthcare is so expensive. Currently the federal government promotes this type of policy through the tax code– this new plan doubles down on this disaster of a policy.
This plan also fails to deal with Medicaid. The reality is that Medicaid is going bankrupt and this plan, at best, would only delay it by moving Medicaid to a “per capita” system. Not only will the current expansion be maintained through 2019 (and kept until everyone leaves the program) but they will continue to help pay for those who are added after 2019 although at a lower level. While ending the limitless stream of funds to this bankrupt program is good but this will only turn it from a limitless stream to a large stream. So much for fiscal responsibility.
Let me quote Megan McArdle of Bloomberg,”Arguably, this [age based tax credits] could help some of the problems that Obamacare has created in the individual market, by making it more attractive for healthier folks to buy insurance. Unfortunately, the other changes made to the market will probably make that situation worse than it is now. For what's just as notable is what this bill doesn't do: repeal most of the thicket of regulations that have helped drive up the cost of insurance. This bill leaves a huge swath of Obamacare untouched, which is why more than one conservative commentator has noted that it's basically Obamacare Lite: “1/3 less income redistribution than regular Obamacare! Same great taste you love!”
None of this should be taken to mean this plan does nothing good. It does. Eliminating the explicit individual mandate is good but it only if done while allowing for insurance companies to discriminate against preexisting condition and not replacing it with a de-facto mandate. The plan would also defund planned parenthood (for a year), supports health savings accounts, and repeal the Obamacare taxes. This bill would also allow for selling insurance across state line and medical malpractice reform, but sadly, those would not be included in the reconciliation process bill which would allow passage with fifty-one votes. In all likelihood, those provisions will not be in the final version. These are all good steps but they do not change the reality.
Speaker Ryan, contrary to what you claim, this plan is not a full repeal. It is an attempt to do the politically safe option and trim the weeds around the problem. But is Obamacare-lite better than Obamacare? No. This plan is premised on the same premise as Obamacare, that government should be involved in healthcare. We all know how the left will frame this debate– the failure of the free market. The failure of this bill will only lead this debate to a greater dichotomy, the free market or single payer. Sadly, I know which wins.
Susan Bro, the mother of Heather Heyer, who was killed on Aug. 12 in Charlottesville while protesting white nationalists, urged others to fight injustice and speak up. (The Washington Post)
Less than a week since her daughter Heather Heyer was killed in Charlottesville, Susan Bro says she has received threats against her life.
“I've had death threats already … because of what I'm doing right this second,” Bro told MSNBC on Thursday, one day after Heyer was buried and a vigil at the University of Virginia drew hundreds of candle-bearing supporters. Heyer died Saturday during protests of a white supremacist rally after a driver with alleged Nazi sympathies drove into a crowd. The attack also left 19 injured.
Bro said President Trump's insistence that there is blame “on both sides” — counterprotesters and throngs of white nationalists objecting to the planned removal of a Robert E. Lee statue — was “irrelevant” because Heyer was a peaceful protester.
Anchor Katy Tur, seemingly stunned when Bro said she was receiving threats, asked why they were coming.
[Trump embraces culture war with call to preserve Confederate statues]
“Talk is fear to them,” Bro responded, describing the white nationalists. “I don't know why. Talk is fear.”
Bro and spokespeople for the Charlottesville Police did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
She also said she has yet to speak with Trump, who said he would reach out to her. Bro told Tur she has received three calls from the White House, but has not been able to return them amid media appearances and appointments to set up a foundation for Heyer.
“They tried to kill my child to shut her up, but guess what, you just magnified her,” Bro said at Heyer's funeral to an ovation that lasted nearly a minute and a half from a packed theater in downtown Charlottesville.
“I'd rather have my child, but by golly if I got to give her up, we're going to make it count,” she said.
Trump's handling of the incident has drawn criticism from the public and both sides of the political aisle after he at first declined to condemn hate groups by name and defended some of the marchers who descended on Charlottesville.
Ellie Silverman, Arelis R. Hernández and Steve Hendrix contributed to this report.
Read more:
Charlottesville victim: ‘She was there standing up for what was right'
Charlottesville car attack could be prosecuted as a hate crime, Sessions says
DxOMark reviews the Xperia XZ camera; ranks it in line with the Xperia Z5
DxOMark has put the Sony Xperia XZ through its test labs and awarded the phone an overall score of 87 points. This places it in line with last year's flagship, the Xperia Z5, but one point behind the Xperia X Performance (88 points). DxOMark says that the phone shares many of the strengths and weaknesses of the Xperia X Performance.
It is interesting when looking at the score breakdown for both photos and videos, how the overall score was heavily impacted by low scores relating to artifacts/noise. DxOMark said this included “noticeable haloing, ringing, and over-sharpening”. On the positive side, the autofocus, low-light performance and Sony's electronic stabilisation system were singled out for praise. You can check out some samples at the source link below.
Via DxOMark.
Thanks Diogo, Svnjay and Thariq!
I first came out of the closet some 12 years ago. (I say “first” because coming out is not something you do once. It is something you do over and over again your entire life.) In those 12 years I have been asked many questions about my coming out and sexuality in general. Some have been very personal, some weird and some I have been asked many, many times until I developed the ability to recognize the pattern leading up to them and mentally prepare myself to answer yet again.
One such question is “What happened when you came out?”. As you can imagine, that is quite a tricky question to answer briefly. Often I just shrug it off with a short, insufficient answer of “not much really”, so as to not get caught up in a long discussion about religion, genes, mutants, plastic figurines and chainsaws.
But today! Today is the day! This Tuesday in March is the day! This is the day I will attempt to go where no other has gone before. I will reveal secrets so secret, you did not even know you were supposed to not reveal them (if you know them that is). Today, I will explain, in great detail (because, hello my name is Neo and I can turn a simple sentence into an eight line paragraph with at least three parentheses) what happens when you come out of the closet.
There is a but though. (There always is.) Before I can give such an explanation, I must try to make you understand what happens before someone comes out. The lead up to this momentous decision in incredibly important, less so to everyone else, but very much so to the person actually saying the word “Hi World, I am hella freaking _____________(Insert LGBT subtype here)”.
So, without any further ado, let me get to explaining what it is like growing up as an LGBT kid*
*Your experience may vary.
At first you are a child like any other. You play and laugh, get in fights and fall off your bike, get scolded and comforted by people who love you unconditionally. All of this is as natural as the sunrise.
At some point during your childhood, you realize you are different from other kids. You might not know or understand how, but you just know. Somehow things are not quite as they should be. You will try to ignore this feeling. To suppress it and go on with living your life. It will work for a while, but the feeling that something about you is off somehow will keep resurfacing. It is as much a part of who you are, as your measles scars and the illogical safety your covers and favourite stuffed animal give you when you awake from a nightmare.
As you grow older, you begin to get a better sense of your self. There are things you are good at and things you cannot seem to get the hang of. In school some courses are easy, some hard and some people you get along with, some you do not. You have hobbies and friends who share them. All these things feel natural, but soon a new factor comes into your life.
Your peers start talking about the other sex in a way different from what they used to. With a sense of discovery and fear, boys and girls each try to make sense of their feelings for the other.
As with everything in life, some figure it out faster than others. You however do not seem to understand anything at all and now that nagging feeling you try to keep buried at all times comes back with a vengeance. You are unsure whether or not your lack of romantic interest in the other sex and the wrongness you have felt for so long are connected, but it seems possible. You lump them together and again try lock them away in your mind.
Still you worry. You cannot stop yourself from thinking about them and the more you think, the more the two seem to become connected. You start to see them as symptom and cause of what is wrong with you.
Soon enough you learn about people who are different the way you might be different. At first there are nasty, derogatory words thrown around the schoolyard as insults and these give you the impression that different equals disgusting. In an effort to distance yourself from what you think you might be, you may even use the same nasty words. Later in life you will rationalize that you did not really know the meaning of the words or that you were just playing along so as not to lose face. These rationalizations will not make you feel much better about it.
Slowly and with the help of some sex-ed or maybe a crush on someone your own gender, you will come to understand that you are most likely some version of gay. This will seem like the end of the world. Luckily, it is not, but what are you supposed to do with this information?
Your immediate instinct is to follow the queen's suggestion of “Conceal, don't feel”. You hide it and try your damnedest not to feel the way you do. You guard your secret like it is the launch code for all the nuclear missiles of the world.
While you are busy hiding yourself away, you realize that it is impossible to stay this way. You are immensely unhappy and there are a myriad of thoughts you are scared to even think. You have become a prisoner in your own mind. That is no life and no way to live.
In the end you decide to come out.
The moment you make that decision and start planning how and to whom, an automated process is set in motion in a far away and incredibly secret location.
Somewhere, in an enormous warehouse, a computer bleeps (as computers tend to do). A label with your name and address in printed and stuck to the side of a brown cardboard box. The box, still empty of everything but air, travels down a conveyor belt from the office that holds the bleeping and label-printing computer, into a cavernous and dim space.
This room is a maze of shelving units that seemingly reach the sky. The conveyor belt runs a zig zag course between them and each is equipped with a sign and strange robotic arms.
The air is thick with the smell of oil, hot metal and dust, but the box notices none of this, since it is merely a box.
As your empty cardboard box slowly descends into this room, it first comes to a section of shelves filled with uniform green cartridges about the size of a deck of cards. The section is marked “Standard Equipment”.
A robotic arm stirs from its artificial slumber, grabs a green cartridge and dumps it unceremoniously in your cardboard box. The conveyor belt whirs pleasantly as in scoots the box onwards through the maze of sections, shelves and artificial appendages of this truly massive facility.
In some sections the robotic arms seem to disappear in a blur of activity with all the many things they peel from the stacks. In some sections they pick only a few items and in others still they remain eerily motionless, ignoring both the box and everything on the shelves.
Your cardboard box rolls merrily along through sections with signs labelling them things like “Lesbian”, “Vietnamese”, “MTF”, “Sporty”, “Polyamorous”, “Bottom” and countless more. Once it clears the very last section (I believe that is “Hindu”), it is closed, taped up, weighed, marked with sufficient postage and finally put in to a large bin with an “Outgoing packages” sign above.
Soon your very own Coming Out Starter Kit™ is in the mail and en-route to your home.
You might be thinking “Well that sounds neat, but what can I expect when it gets here?” The Coming Out Starter Kit™ contains things to help you move forward in your life as an LGBT person and as a person in general. What those things are will differ greatly depending on many factors of who you are, what you like and where you live. As such every Coming Out Starter Kit™ is unique, because we, as human beings, are unique.
That being said, here is a look at the very first thing added to your cardboard box. The green “Standard Equipment” cartridge is a basic upgrade to your person, initiated at the moment of your first coming-out.
It contains:
1 full size set of thick skin
6 months to 1 years worth of an extreme wish to talk about the fact that you are _____________(Insert LGBT subtype here)
1 permanent wish that people would see beyond fact that you are _____________(Insert LGBT subtype here) to the person you actually are.
1 Gaydar™ – Beta release (Tech support no longer available, no updates scheduled)
An unlimited supply of thoughts that you ought to care more about LGBT issues.
1 burning wish to find others who are _____________(Insert LGBT subtype here) like you.
In some cases your Coming Out Starter Kit™ may not reach you or it may contain the wrong equipment. All you can really do in that case, is make do. I wish you luck.
I hope this answers any and all questions anyone may have about what happens when someone comes out of the closet.
(This blog post is sponsored by The Coming Out Starter Kit Cooperation. “Out, Proud and Well-Equipped since Before Sappho got Sapphic”)
