Phunom is a village in Tiddim Township, Chin State, Myanmar.
It is located in the west of the country, near the border with India.
References
External links
Weather forecast
Chin, Tedim, Phunom
Weather Forecast
Populated places in Chin State
Chowki No. 2 is a village in Rewari mandal of Jatusana block, in the Indian state of Haryana.
Demographics
As of 2011 India census, Chowki No. 2 had a population of 753 in 349 households. Males constituted 51.39% of the population and females 48.6%. The average literacy rate was 67.19%, less than the national average of 74%: male literacy was 60.47%, and female literacy was 39.52%. In Chowki No. 2, 15.8% of the population was under 6 years of age (119).
Adjacent villages
Motla Kala
Motla Khurd
Aulant
Berli Kalan
Haluhera
Berli Khurd
References
Villages in Rewari district
The 2012 Colonial Athletic Association men's basketball tournament was held March 2–5 at the Richmond Coliseum in Richmond, VA to crown a champion of the Colonial Athletic Association. The tournament winner, Virginia Commonwealth University, received an automatic bid to the 2012 NCAA Tournament
Seeding
Schedule
Bracket
Honors
See also
Colonial Athletic Association
References
Colonial Athletic Association men's basketball tournament
Tournament
CAA men's basketball tournament
CAA men's basketball tournament
Sports competitions in Virginia
Basketball in Virginia
The following is an incomplete list of Ottawa Football Clubs head coaches in the Canadian Football League (CFL) and preceding Interprovincial Rugby Football Union (IRFU), Quebec Rugby Football Union (QRFU), and Ontario Rugby Football Union (ORFU). The current incarnation of the club, Ottawa Redblacks, are a professional Canadian football team based in Ottawa, Ontario, and are members of the East Division of the CFL.
As defined in the 2021 CFL Guide & Record Book, for historical record purposes and by the current Ottawa Redblacks' request, the Ottawa Football Clubs are considered to be a single entity since 1876 with two periods of inactivity (1997–2001 and 2006–2013). Consequently, this list includes figures from the Ottawa Football Club (1876–1898), Ottawa Rough Riders (1899–1925, 1931–1996), Ottawa Senators (1926–1930), Ottawa Renegades (2002–2005), and Ottawa Redblacks (2014–present).
The club was founded as the Ottawa Football Club in 1876 and was a founding member of the Ontario Rugby Football Union in 1883 and of the Interprovincial Rugby Football Union in 1907. The current Ottawa Redblacks head coach is Bob Dyce.
Key
Head coaches
Note: Statistics are current through the end of the 2021 CFL season.
Notes
A running total of the number of coaches of Ottawa Football Clubs since 1904 (and therefore this is an incomplete list). Any coach who has two or more separate terms as head coach is only counted once.
Each year is linked to an article about that particular CFL season.
References
Lists of Canadian Football League head coaches by team
Ottawa Redblacks lists
İslamalanı, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Kalateh-ye Yesaval Bashi (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Yesāval Bāshī) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 66, in 17 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
QSZ-II submersible is a type of diving equipment developed in the People's Republic of China, and in addition to being used as an manned atmospheric diving suit, it can also be used as a remotely operated underwater vehicle (ROUV), an application frequently practiced by one of the users of QSZ-II submersible, the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN). QSZ-II submersible is developed by the 702nd Research Institute (中国船舶重工集团公司第702研究所) of China Shipbuilding Industry Corporation (CSIC).
Type I diving bell
The origin of the QSZ-II dates back to the 1970s, when the requirement was first issued, but it was too ambitious for the Chinese industrial capability of the time to achieve. Due to the political turmoil in China during the Cultural Revolution, work did not begin until 1980. When work finally begun, Chinese designers took a practical approach by proceeding in several stages, realizing the limitations of Chinese industrial capability. The Type-I diving bell was the first stage of development.
Type I diving bell, short for Type I rescue diving bell (Yi-xing Jiu-sheng Zhong, I型救生钟), is used mainly for submarine rescue, and it is also capable of being used to carry out some underwater work. For rescue operations, it is primarily used for wet rescue, but when the sea is calm and the submarine on the bottom is not tilted too much, a Type I diving bell can be used for dry rescue operations by docking and mating with the submarine.
The Type I diving bell was first completed in 1985, and five years later after extensive trials and civilian service, it entered the service with the PLAN. It is capable of functioning at a depth of 130 meters and up to 8 (usually 6) submariners can be rescued on each dive.
QSZ-I ADS
Experience gained in the development of the Type I diving bell had greatly helped the development of QSZ-I, and this second stage of development began before the completion of the Type I diving bell. Development of QSZ-I atmospheric diving suit (ADS) took four years, from 1982 to 1986, and unlike its predecessor, the QSZ-1 ADS was immediately accepted into service on completion in 1987. QSZ-I has a tether management system (TMS). Specifications:
Length: 2.08 meter
Width: 1.3 meter
Height: 1.5 meter
Weight: 609 kg
Maximum depth: 300 meters
QSZ-II submersible
QSZ-II submersible is the development of QSZ-I ADS. There are three major upgrades over the original QSZ-I. The first upgrade is the addition of four thrusters and additional sensors such as underwater television, which enables the diver to operate to an extended range with radius up to 50 meters. The control system and computerization was upgraded to enable to diver to move more agilely and easily with the added equipment. The third upgrade is that in addition to being used as a manned atmospheric diving suit, it can also be used as a remotely operated underwater vehicle (ROUV). The maximum operational depth of QSZ-II submersible is identical to its predecessor QSZ-I ADS, at 300 meters. The general designer of QSZ-II submersible is Xu Huangnan (徐芑南), a professor at Shanghai Jiao Tong University.
Mobile diving bell
Mobile diving bell (Yi-dong-shi Jiu-Sheng-Zhong, 移动式救生钟) is the latest development of QSZ series. It is an upgrade of Type I diving bell using the experience gained from the QSZ-II submersible. The skirt of the bell is modified so that it can dock and mate with the submarine hatch when the submarine is tilted at a greater angle. The addition of a propulsion system enables the bell to perform a rescue mission in fast flowing ocean currents and it can perform both wet rescue and dry rescue. Tests of the mobile diving bell have been completed in Qingdao and it subsequently entered service with the PLAN.
Specifications:
Diameter: 3 meters
Height: 4.2 meters
Weight: 10.5 ton
Maximum operating depth: 200 meters
Maximum number of persons rescued on each dive: 10
References
QSZ-II
QSZ-II ROV
Diving equipment
Unmanned underwater vehicles
Ridge Island () is a ridge-shaped island, 6 nautical miles (11 km) long and 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km) wide lying 3 nautical miles (6 km) east of Pourquoi Pas Island in the center of Bourgeois Fjord, off the west coast of Graham Land. Discovered and named by the British Graham Land Expedition (BGLE), 1934–37, under Rymill.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of Graham Land
Fallières Coast
The Men's 10 km competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 29 June 2022.
Results
The race was started at 12:00.
References
Men's 10 km
Men's 10 km open water
Gloucester Rowing Club and Gloucester Hartpury is a rowing club on the Gloucester-Purton canal based at Gloucester Boathouse, David Hook Way, Hempsted, Gloucester.
History
The club was founded in 1846, making it one of the oldest rowing clubs in the United Kingdom. In 2017, the club moved to a new boathouse from 326 Bristol Road to the other side of the river near David Hook Way. The ground floor development which has been completed is due to be followed by further expansions.
Gloucester Hartpury
In 2010 Gloucester Rowing Club and Hartpury College set up a centre to enable Hartpury students to participate in one of the Great Britain's rowing team centres. In the relationship the students become members of the Gloucester Rowing Club where they access the rowing facilities. In return the senior rowers from the club are able to access the training facilities at the college. The relationship has brought significant success at national and international level.
Honours
British champions
Henley Royal Regatta
References
Sport in Gloucester
Gloucester
Sport in Gloucestershire
Rowing clubs in England
Taşdemir is a Turkish surname and may refer to:
Anıl Taşdemir (born 1988), Turkish footballer
Dirayet Taşdemir, Turkish politician
Emre Taşdemir (born 1995), Turkish professional footballer
Tayfun Taşdemir (born 1975), Turkish professional carom billiards player
Turkish-language surnames
A general election was held in the U.S. state of Wyoming on September 11, 1890, to elect the state's executive officers—the governor, secretary of state, auditor, treasurer, and superintendent of public instruction—which were created in the state constitution adopted in 1889. This was the first election in which these offices were for election. The Republican Party performed well, carrying all of them by double-digit margins.
Governor
Incumbent Territorial Governor Francis E. Warren ran for re-election as governor, facing former Territorial Governor George W. Baxter, the Democratic nominee, in the general election. Warren defeated Baxter by a wide margin, but he did not serve as Governor for long. He was elected to the U.S. Senate a few weeks into his term and resigned as governor, elevating Secretary of State Amos W. Barber to the governorship and triggering a special election in 1892.
Secretary of state
Amos W. Barber, a surgeon from Cheyenne, was nominated by the Republicans for secretary of state. The Democratic Party nominated former Crook County Clerk John S. Harper. Barber defeated Harper by a wide margin to win his first, and only, term as secretary of state.
General election
Results
Auditor
In the race for auditor, the Republican convention nominated Charles W. Burdick, who served as a member of the Wyoming Territorial Council prior to statehood. He was challenged by George A. Campbell, the Democratic nominee. Burdick defeated Campbell by a wide margin to win the first election for state auditor.
General election
Results
State treasurer
The Republican convention nominated Otto Gramm, the Albany County Treasurer, as its nominee in the first statewide election for treasurer. The Democratic nominee was Isaac C. Miller, a wool grower from Rawlins. Gramm defeated Miller by a wide margin.
General election
Results
Superintendent of public instruction
At the Republican convention, Stephen T. Farwell, the former Johnson County Treasurer, was named as the Republican nominee for superintendent. The Democratic convention nominated Anthony V. Quinn, a former member of the Territorial Council. Farwell defeated Quinn by a wide margin.
General election
Results
References
Wyoming
This is a list of properties and districts in Screven County, Georgia that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).
Current listings
|}
References
Screven
Buildings and structures in Screven County, Georgia
The Bronx High School for the Visual Arts (BHSVA), familiarly known as Visual Arts, is a New York City public high school established as an art school in 2002 under Mayor Michael Bloomberg's Small Schools Initiative program (officially, the New Century High Schools Initiative). It is a New Visions for Public Schools institution which oversees funding for the various small schools created by the program but is served by the New York City Department of Education. The school once was housed in the Christopher Columbus Educational Campus before moving to the old Mercy College Bronx campus building in late 2004. The school is within walking distance of the Bronx Zoo and the New York Botanical Garden.
Since its inception in 2002, Visual Arts has hosted consecutive End of the Year art exhibitions at the Lehman College Art Gallery, highlighting the years best art by students.As of 2005, it also holds a second art exhibition at the Bronx Museum of the Arts.
In popular culture
The school hosted Mayor Bloomberg's 2005 address focusing on the success of the city's newly formed small high-schools and the creation of even more. 56k 300k
References
Notes
External links
BHSVA
Lehman College Art Gallery
Bronx Museum of the Arts
Public high schools in the Bronx
Educational institutions established in 2002
2002 establishments in New York City
Cass is an unincorporated community in Cass Township, Sullivan County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
The community is part of the Terre Haute Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
A post office was established at Cass in 1877, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1955.
Geography
Cass is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Sullivan County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Terre Haute metropolitan area
The men's qualification for the 2004 Olympic men's basketball tournament occurred from 2002–2003; all five FIBA (International Basketball Federation) zones sent in teams.
The first qualifying tournament was the 2002 FIBA World Championship in which the champion was guaranteed of a place in the Olympics. Throughout the next two years, several regional tournaments served as qualification for the zonal tournaments, which doubles as intercontinental championships, to determine which teams were to participate in the 2004 Athens Summer Olympics.
Qualification
A total of 12 teams took part in the Olympics, with each NOC sending in one team.
The host nation (Greece) qualified automatically as hosts.
Serbia and Montenegro qualified automatically by winning at the 2002 FIBA World Championship.
The other 10 teams were determined by five zonal tournaments (doubling as continental championships), held in 2003. Each zone was allocated with the following qualifying berths:
FIBA Africa: 1 team (Champion)
FIBA Americas: 3 teams (Champion, runner-up and third place)
FIBA Asia: 1 team (Champion)
FIBA Europe: 3 teams (Champion, runner-up and third place)
FIBA Oceania: 2 teams (Champion and runner-up)
Summary
These are the final standings of the different Olympic qualifying tournaments. The venues are as follows:
2002 FIBA World Championship: Indianapolis (United States)
FIBA Africa Championship 2003: Alexandria (Egypt)
FIBA Americas Championship 2003: San Juan (Puerto Rico)
FIBA Asia Championship 2003: Harbin (China)
EuroBasket 2003: Borås, Luleå, Norrköping, Södertälje, Stockholm (Sweden)
FIBA Oceania Championship 2003: Bendigo, Geelong, Melbourne (Australia)
FIBA Africa
The FIBA Africa Championship 2003 at Egypt determined FIBA Africa's only outright representative to the Olympics.
The tournament is structured into a preliminary round of 12 teams divided into 2 groups; the top two teams from each group advance to the knockout stages (semifinals and final).
Angola won the tournament, beating Nigeria in the final, 85–65.
FIBA Americas
The FIBA Americas Championship 2003 held in the Roberto Clemente Coliseum at San Juan, Puerto Rico determined the three teams representing FIBA Americas in the Olympics.
The tournament is structured into a preliminary round of ten teams divided into 2 groups; the top four teams from each group advance to a quarterfinals Round-robin tournament, where results between groupmates carry over. The top four teams advance to the semifinals, a knockout stage deciding the first four places.
The United States defeated Argentina 106–73 in the final, and hosts Puerto Rico earned the final spot by defeating Canada 79–66 in the bronze medal match.
FIBA Asia
The tournament held in Harbin, China is structured with a preliminary round of 16 teams divided into four groups, with the top two teams from each group advancing to the quarterfinals, where they'll be divided into two groups. The top two teams in the quarterfinals groups advance to the knockout semifinals and finals.
China defeated Korea 106–96 in the final, earning the only Asian berth for the Olympics.
FIBA Europe
European berths for the Olympic Games were decided at EuroBasket 2003, held in Sweden.
The tournament is structured with a preliminary round of 16 teams divided into four groups, where the top team from each group advances to the quarterfinals directly. The second and third places play an extra math against the third and second places from another group. The four winners gain a spot in the quarterfinal round.
Lithuania defeated Spain 93-84 in the final, while Italy earned the third Europe spot in a 69–67 victory against France in the bronze medal match.
FIBA Oceania
This time around, two spots were given to Oceania, so the only two competing nations had already qualified for the Olympic Tournament. Australia claimed the continental championship by defeating New Zealand in all three matches.
References
Basketball at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Men's tournament
basketball
Basketball at the Summer Olympics – Men's qualification
Andy Frasco & The U.N. are an American blues rock band formed in Los Angeles, California, United States in 2007. The band consists of Andrew Frasco (lead vocals, keys), Ernie Chang (saxophone), Shawn Eckels (guitar, vocals) and a consistently rotating and evolving cast of additional band members to form the U.N. Additional featured members of the U.N. include Daniel Avila (guitar), Andee "Beats" Avila (drums, vocals), Floyd Kellogg (bass guitar), Supa Man (bass guitar) from the band Philosophy of Soul, as well as members of the Kris Lager Band: Kris Lager (guitar, vocals), Jeremiah Weir (organ, keys), Brandon Miller (bass guitar), and John Fairchild (drums). Matt Owen (tuba) of Eclectic Tuba is the most recent member of the band.
To date, the band has released eight studio albums: Love, You're Just Too Expensive (2010), Road Life Revival (2012), Just a Good Ole Time (2013), Half a Man (2014), Happy Bastards (2016), Change of Pace (2019), Keep On Keepin' On (2020), and Wash, Rinse, Repeat (2022).
In 2017, the band released their first live album (CD and DVD) entitled Songs From the Road, which was recorded in August 2016 at the Tucher Blues and Jazz Festival in Bamberg, Germany. In September 2021, they released Live On the Rocks, an album recorded live at the Red Rocks Amphitheatre in Colorado on May 27, 2021.
Sound
Their sound has been described as "blues-rock fueled by reckless abandonment and a disregard for the rules, with witty lyrics to back it all up".
Performances
Andy Frasco & the U.N.'s performances have been described as a "boisterous blend of harmonic funk and jazzy influences, all topped with boundless energy". Frasco frequently calls additional guest musicians to join his band on stage during sets, as well as fans. Shows are highly improvisational featuring impromptu “battles” between band members, who graciously hop off stage into the crowd to contest their instrumental fortitude against one another in a sporting display of individual musicianship. Frasco's shows are also highly interactive, often stopping the show to speak directly to audience members, as well as invite people in the audience up on stage.
Andy Frasco & the U.N. are recognized for their heavy tour schedule and D.I.Y. work ethic. The band has toured the U.S. numerous times over, as well as Europe, and China, performing at festivals such as Wakarusa, Electric Forest Festival, Sacred Rose Festival, Yonder Mountain String Band's Harvest Festival, String Cheese Incident's Festival at Horning's Hideout, Cotai Jazz & Blues Festival, Zwarte Cross Festival, Paaspop, Koningsmiddag Festival, Geuzenpop Festival, and the Tucher Jazz & Blues Festival.
Wakarusa 2014
Andy Frasco & The U.N. co-headlined a handful of Pre-Wakarusa events with support from Mike Dillon's Band of Outsiders, performed two sets at the festival, and shared guest hosting duties, introducing many big-name acts such as The Flaming Lips.
Electric Forest 2014
The band was selected by Live for Live Music as the top performance pick. SoundFuse Magazine stated "This was easily one of the most energetic moments of the weekend", noting the crowds lively dancing and attempts to rush onto the stage.
Discography
Albums
Love, You're Just Too Expensive (2010) 2010 Lifeline Promotion
Road Life Revival (2012) Fro it Out Music
Just a Good Ole Time (2013) Fro it Out Music
Half A Man (2014) Fun Machine Records
Happy Bastards (2016) Ruf Records
Songs From The Road (CD/DVD set, 2017) Ruf Records
Change of Pace (February 22, 2019) Fun Machine Records
Keep On Keepin' on (April 24, 2020) SideOneDummy Records
Live On the Rocks (September 15, 2021), Fun Machine Records
Wash, Rinse, Repeat (2022), Fun Machine Records
References
External links
American blues musical groups
La Rosa di Bagdad (English: The Rose of Baghdad) is a 1949 Italian animated film by Anton Gino Domeneghini. In 1952, the film was dubbed into English, retitled The Singing Princess and dubbed by Julie Andrews as her first venture into voice-over work. The film was reissued in 1967, at the height of Andrews' subsequent Hollywood career. It is often cited as one of the first animated films from Europe and in Technicolor together with The Dynamite Brothers. It also Italy's first film in Technicolor.
Plot
A long time ago, the people of Baghdad lived happily under the rule of Caliph Oman III, greatest and kindest of any Caliph. Even at the time of his niece Princess Zeila's upcoming thirteenth birthday, the people were happier still. However, the tyrant Sheikh Jafar, and his shadow of a magician, Burk, have other plans, in order to take over Oman's kingdom. After a lovely performance by Princess Zeila and her snake charmer friend Amin, a messenger attempts to give a proclamation, written by Oman's information minister, Tonko, to the princes from the three cities across the river. However, before the messenger could get any further, Burk turns him into stone.
Later, after Amin charms a few snakes, his Magpie, Calina, attempts to steal one of Amin's bells after breaking her promise while working on a tambourine. He not only attended Princess Zeila's next performance at the palace; he applied the music for it. After the performance, Jafar, who also attended, attempts to propose to Zeila, but Caliph Oman's ministers, Tonko, Zirko, and Zizibe, think otherwise, even Amin, who later overhears that Burk has put an infatuation spell on Jafar's ring, making anyone who wears it fall in love with him.
Later that night, Amin and Calina try to keep hidden from sight at Jafar's palace, stealing the magic ring. Jafar had informed Burk of the magpie's thievery, and Burk announces his plan to his master. Back at Oman's palace, Amin tells the ministers that he will bring the ring to them, and that they would give the ring to the ugliest woman they could find.
The following morning, Zeila was at the palace singing. Amin tries to warn Zeila about Jafar's plan, that is, until Burk kidnaps him. A trial is held in favor of Amin's absence, and his mother is heartbroken. Calina, restless that Amin has not returned, sets out to find him. After Burk takes the ring away from Amin, Calina arrives and attempts to take the ring back. However, Burk throws Calina at a wall and fatally wounds her.
The ministers attempt to find Amin's trail, but take a break at a crystal stream and drink the water there. However, Burk places a spell on the water, turning the old ministers into babies. The woman who gathers water there cradles them, singing a lullaby to them.
Vowing not to let Calina die in vein, Amin tears off part of a sleeping Burk's cloak, trying his best not to wake him up, and flies out of the palace. The magician wakes up and is informed about his cloak, and takes off after Amin. The two engage in an air duel, and after Burk takes the torn part of his cloak back, Amin falls into a stream. Burk attempts to find Amin, but with no luck. Amin comes out of the river, only to find that Zeila had become infatuated with Jafar and is wearing the magic ring. Heartbroken, he calls to his old beggar friend Fatima, who gives him Aladdin's lamp as a parting gift. Amin rubs the lamp, and a genie comes out. Amin wishes to see his mother, but first, the genie takes them both to Jafar's palace to face Burk one last time. With Burk defeated, the messenger has returned to life, the magic ring disintegrated, and the ministers are old men again. The genie has also resurrected Calina, making Amin happy.
Back at Oman's palace, Zeila admits that she loves Amin to Jafar, who is about to have his guard take Zeila as prisoner. Amin arrives in time to save Zeila, and, with a little help from the genie, he uses his snake charmer's flute to lure Jafar and his guard to dance into the river.
With Zeila and Amin together again, peace is restored in Baghdad. The city rejoiced upon celebrating the marriage of Princess Zeila and Amin. As the narrator of the story puts it, love triumphed over hate, right over wrong, and good over evil.
Release
In 1952 the film was dubbed into English, retitled The Singing Princess. The voice cast starred Julie Andrews in her first film role, as well as her first voice-over work. It was her only voice-over work in the 1950s and her only film until Mary Poppins fifteen years later. The film was reissued in 1967 at the height of Andrews' subsequent Hollywood career. The film came out on VHS in the mid-1980s and on DVD in 2005.
Released in the U.S. at the same time as the animated Italian feature I Fratelli Dinamite, and inspired by The Arabian Nights, the story concerns a beautiful princess, a poor-but-honest hero, an evil sultan, and a slave of the lamp. Reviewers in 1949 were taken by director Anton Gino Domeghini's clever choice of camera angles and by Riccardo Pick-Mangiagalli's musical score.
References
External links
https://www.cinematografo.it/cinedatabase/film/la-rosa-di-bagdad/5216/
http://www.fantasticinema.com/la-rosa-di-bagdad/
Films set in Baghdad
Italian animated films
Films based on One Thousand and One Nights
Films set in the Middle East
Italian independent films
1949 animated films
1949 films
Fictional caliphs
1940s Italian films
Huerfano County (; ) is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 6,820. The county seat is Walsenburg. The county, whose name comes from the Spanish huérfano meaning "orphan", was named for the Huerfano Butte, a local landmark. The area of Huerfano County boomed early in the 1900s with the discovery of large coal deposits. After large scale World War II coal demand ended in the 1940s Walsenburg and Huerfano saw a steady economic decline through 2015.
Historical
Huerfano County was one of the original 17 counties created by the Territory of Colorado on November 1, 1861, and was originally larger than its present size. On November 2, 1870, the Colorado General Assembly created Greenwood County from former Cheyenne and Arapaho tribal land and the eastern portion of Huerfano County. There are countless reports of vast New Spain and Native American gold treasures that lay hidden in the hills and mountains of Huerfano County including the Arapahoe Princess Treasure. Two Spanish forts were located in Huerfano County.
Colorado Coalfield War
Huerfano County and neighboring Las Animas County were the central locations of the 1913-1914 United Mine Workers of America strike against the Rockefeller-owned Colorado Fuel and Iron company, which is now referred to as the Colorado Coalfield War.
Walsenburg and other stops on the Colorado and Southern Railway proved strategically important for both strikers and the Colorado National Guard, resulting in multiple gun-battles in around towns with stops.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water. The price of property saw an increase of more than 10% after a moratorium on commercial marijuana grows was lifted in July 2015.
Adjacent counties
Pueblo County - northeast
Las Animas County - southeast
Costilla County - southwest
Alamosa County - west
Custer County - northwest
Saguache County - northwest
Major Highways
Interstate 25
U.S. Highway 160
State Highway 10
State Highway 12
State Highway 69
Protected areas
Greenhorn Mountain Wilderness
Lathrop State Park
San Isabel National Forest
Sangre de Cristo Wilderness
Spanish Peaks Wilderness
Scenic byway
Highway of Legends Scenic Byway
Attractions and recreation
The county's tourism board brands the county as "Southern Colorado's Spanish Peaks Country." Visitors are attracted to the Spanish Peaks and the many mountain-related activities they offer, such as mountain climbing, hiking, hunting, and sightseeing. In addition, the western part of the county offers the peaks of the Sangre de Cristo Range, a range that includes several fourteeners.
The towns of La Veta and Cuchara offer art galleries and lodging.
A new county park — the Cuchara Mountain Park — opened in 2017, repurposing property that used to be the now-defunct Cuchara Ski Resort.
Huerfano County is a geologist's paradise. Over 500 dikes surround the Spanish Peaks. Many other geological formations, such as the Dakota Formation, are visible in the county.
Lathrop State Park offers hiking, camping, picnicking, and fishing. Adjacent to the park, the city of Walsenburg offers a public, nine-hole golf course.
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 7,862 people, 3,082 households, and 1,920 families residing in the county. The population density was 5 people per square mile (2/km2). There were 4,599 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 80.96% White, 2.75% Black or African American, 2.70% Native American, 0.39% Asian, 0.08% Pacific Islander, 9.41% from other races, and 3.71% from two or more races. 35.14% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,082 households, out of which 25.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.40% were married couples living together, 10.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.70% were non-families. 32.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.85.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 20.90% under the age of 18, 7.30% from 18 to 24, 27.40% from 25 to 44, 27.40% from 45 to 64, and 17.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 118.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 122.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $25,775, and the median income for a family was $32,664. Males had a median income of $24,209 versus $21,048 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,242. About 14.10% of families and 18.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.70% of those under age 18 and 11.90% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
A Democratic stronghold for much of the 20th century, Huerfano has become a competitive swing county in recent elections. After only backing Al Gore by 29 votes in 2000, the county voted for the winner of each presidential race between 2004 and 2016 before narrowly staying in the Donald Trump column in 2020. This 21st-century shift to the right is more in line with other rural counties, both statewide and nationwide.
Communities
City
Walsenburg
Town
La Veta
Census-designated place
Gardner
Unincorporated communities
Badito
Cuchara
Farisita
Farista
Navajo Ranch
Red Wing
Ghost towns
Calumet
Alamo
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
National Register of Historic Places listings in Huerfano County, Colorado
References
External links
Huerfano County Government website
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Spanish Peaks Country (Tourism board official website)
Colorado counties
1861 establishments in Colorado Territory
Populated places established in 1861
Porin maalaiskunta (abbr. Porin mlk, , "the Rural Municipality of Pori") is a former municipality in the province of Satakunta, Finland. It was annexed with the city of Pori in 1967. Population of Porin maalaiskunta was 8,709 in 1963.
Porin maalaiskunta covered areas like Yyteri and the Port of Pori, which are parts of the present Meri-Pori district.
Notable people
Eino Grön
Kelpo Gröndahl
Johan Gullichsen
Maire Gullichsen
Aarne Tarkas
Miikka Toivola
See also
Maalaiskunta
References
External links
Former municipalities of Finland
Populated places disestablished in 1967
Pori
1967 disestablishments in Finland
Muhammad Haikal bin Mohamad Nazri (born 16 February 1993) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a left winger for Malaysia M3 League club Langkawi Glory United.
Club career
Kelantan
Haikal made his league debut for Kelantan in 2–1 defeat to Melaka United on 3 February 2018.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
Living people
1993 births
Malaysian footballers
Sportspeople from Kuala Lumpur
Negeri Sembilan FA players
Kelantan FA players
Real Mulia F.C. players
Felcra FC players
Malaysia Super League players
Association football midfielders
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Henig may refer to:
People
Martin Henig, British archaeologist
Michael Henig (born 1985), American football quarterback
Robin Marantz Henig, American science writer
Ruth Henig, Baroness Henig (born 1943), British historian and politician
Sheila Henig (1934–1979), Canadian pianist and soprano
Stanley Henig (born 1939), British academic and politician
Places
Henig, a village in Berghin Commune, Alba County, Romania
Henig, tributary of the river Secaș in Romania
The 2013 Black Reel Awards, which annually recognize and celebrate the achievements of black people in feature, independent and television films, took place in Harlem, New York on February 7, 2013. Middle of Nowhere lead the pack with 9 nominations and Steel Magnolias lead the television nominees with 7. Over 25 categories were announced this year. Previously retired categories that returned included: Outstanding Voice Performance, Outstanding Supporting Actor & Actress in a TV Movie, Outstanding Directing & Writing in a TV Movie/Mini-Series. Whitney Houston earned a posthumous nomination in the Outstanding Song category for her duet with Jordin Sparks in the film Sparkle.
Beasts of the Southern Wild was the big winner in the motion picture category taking home four awards including Outstanding Picture and Actress (Quvenzhané Wallis). Django Unchained came a close second with three wins including one for Outstanding Supporting Actor (Samuel L. Jackson). Abducted: The Carlina White Story was the biggest winner in the television category with four wins. In a surprise win, TV One's A Beautiful Soul pulled in upset win for Outstanding Television Movie over heavily nominated TV movies Steel Magnolias and Raising Izzie.
Quvenzhané Wallis and Ava DuVernay were multiple winners each winning two awards.
Winners and nominees
Winners are listed first and highlighted in bold.
{| class=wikitable width="100%"
! width="50%"| Best Film
! width="50%"| Best Director
|-
| valign="top" |
Beasts of the Southern Wild
Django Unchained
Flight
The Intouchables
Middle of Nowhere
| valign="top" |
Ava DuVernay – Middle of Nowhere
Salim Akil – Sparkle
Spike Lee – Red Hook Summer
Peter Ramsey – Rise of the Guardians
Tim Story – Think Like a Man
|-
! width="50%"| Best Actor
! width="50%"| Best Actress
|-
| valign="top" |
Denzel Washington – Flight Jamie Foxx – Django Unchained
Nate Parker – Red Tails
Chris Rock – 2 Days in New York
Omar Sy – The Intouchables
| valign="top" |
Quvenzhané Wallis – Beasts of the Southern Wild Halle Berry – Cloud Atlas
Emayatzy Corinealdi – Middle of Nowhere
Viola Davis – Won't Back Down
Rashida Jones – Celeste and Jesse Forever
|-
! width="50%"| Best Supporting Actor
! width="50%"| Best Supporting Actress
|-
| valign="top" |
Samuel L. Jackson – Django Unchained Mike Epps – Sparkle
Dwight Henry – Beasts of the Southern Wild
David Oyelowo – Middle of Nowhere
Nate Parker – Arbitrage
| valign="top" |
Naomie Harris – Skyfall Octavia Spencer – Smashed
Tamara Tunie – Flight
Lorraine Toussaint – Middle of Nowhere
Kerry Washington – Django Unchained
|-
! width="50%"| Best Breakthrough Performance
! width="50%"| Best Ensemble
|-
| valign="top" |
Quvenzhané Wallis – Beasts of the Southern Wild Emayatzy Corinealdi – Middle of Nowhere
Dwight Henry – Beasts of the Southern Wild
Amandla Stenberg – The Hunger Games
Omar Sy – The Intouchables
| valign="top" |
Victoria Thomas – Django Unchained Victoria Burrows – Flight
Tracy Byrd – Sparkle
Aisha Coley – Middle of Nowhere
Kimberly Hardin – Think Like a Man
|-
! width="100%" colspan="2"| Best Original or Adapted Song
|-
| colspan="2" valign="top" |
"Who Did That to You?" from Django Unchained – Performed by John Legend "Carry It" from The Man with the Iron Fists – Performed by Travis Barker, RZA, Tom Morello and Raekwon
"Celebrate" from Sparkle – Performed by Jordin Sparks and Whitney Houston
"No Church in the Wild" from Safe House – Performed by Jay-Z, Kanye West and Frank Ocean
"Tonight (Best You Ever Had)" from Think Like a Man – Performed by John Legend and Ludacris
|-
! width="50%"| Outstanding Original Score
! width="50%"| Best Voice Performance
|-
| valign="top" |
Dan Romer and Benh Zeitlin – Beasts of the Southern Wild Terence Blanchard – Red Tails
Kathryn Bostic – Middle of Nowhere
Bruce Hornsby – Red Hook Summer
Salaam Remi – Sparkle
| valign="top" |
Dennis Haysbert – Wreck-It Ralph Tempestt Bledsoe – ParaNorman
Queen Latifah – Ice Age: Continental Drift
Chris Rock – Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted
Wanda Sykes – Ice Age: Continental Drift
|-
! width="50%"| Best Screenplay, Adapted or Original
! width="50%"| Best Independent Short
|-
| valign="top" |
Ava DuVernay – Middle of Nowhere Mara Brock Akil – Sparkle
Rashida Jones and Will McCormack – Celeste and Jesse Forever
Spike Lee and James McBride – Red Hook Summer
Aaron McGruder and John Ridley – Red Tails
| valign="top" |
The Bluest Note – Maruqes Green Crossover – Tina Mabry
Last/First Kiss – Andrea Ashton
Record/Play – Jesse Atlas
White Space – Maya Washington
|-
! width="50%"| Best Feature Documentary
! width="50%"| Best Independent Documentary
|-
| valign="top" |
The Central Park Five – Ken Burns, Sarah Burns and David McMahon Bad 25 – Spike Lee
Brooklyn Castle – Katie Dallamaggiore
Marley – Kevin MacDonald
Searching for Sugar Man – Malik Bendjelloul
| valign="top" |
Soul Food Junkies – Byron Hurt BMF: The Rise and Fall of Hip-Hop Drug Empire – Dan Sikorski
Contradictions of Fair Hope – S. Epatha Merkerson and Rockell Metcalf
From Fatherless to Fatherhood – Kobie Brown
Justice for Sale – Femeke and Isla van Velzen
|-
! width="50%"| Best Independent Feature
! width="50%"| Best Foreign Film
|-
| valign="top" |
LUV – Sheldon Candis Elza – Mariette Monpierre
Four – Joshua Sanchez
The Last Fall – Matthew A. Cherry
Yelling to the Sky – Victoria Mahoney
| valign="top" |
The Intouchables (France) – Olivier Nakache & Éric Toledano Elza (France) – Mariette Monpierre
Ties That Bind (Ghana) – Leila Djansi
Toussaint Louverture (France) – Philippe Niang
Wuthering Heights (U.K.) – Andrea Arnold
|-
! width="50%"| Best Television Documentary or Special
! width="50%"| Best Television Miniseries or Movie
|-
| valign="top" |
Nelson George and Diane Paragas – Brooklyn Boheme (Showtime) Mark Ford – Uprising: Hip-Hop and the LA Riots (VH1)
Nelson George – The Announcement (ESPN)
Deobrah Morales – On the Shoulders of Giants (Showtime)
Samuel D. Pollard – Slavery by Another Name (PBS)
| valign="top" |
A Beautiful Soul (TV One) – Holly Carter and Dominique Telson Let It Shine (Disney Channel) – Amy Gibbons and Paul Hoen
Raising Izzie (UP) – Angelique Bones
Somebody's Child (UP) – David Eubanks, Keith Neal and Eric Tomosunas
Steel Magnolias (Lifetime) – Neil Meron and Craig Zadan
|-
! width="50%"| Best Actor in a TV Movie or Limited Series
! width="50%"| Best Actress in a TV Movie or Limited Series
|-
| valign="top" |
Sean Patrick Thomas – Murder on the 13th Floor (Lifetime) Rockmond Dunbar – Raising Izzie (UP)
Cuba Gooding Jr. – Firelight (ABC)
Trevor Jackson – Let It Shine (Disney Channel)
Michael Jai White – Somebody's Child (UP)
| valign="top" |
Aunjanue Ellis – Abducted: The Carlina White Story (Lifetime) Queen Latifah – Steel Magnolias (Lifetime)
Keke Palmer – Abducted: The Carlina White Story (Lifetime)
Lynn Whitfield – Somebody's Child (UP)
Vanessa A. Williams – Raising Izzie (UP)
|-
! width="50%"| Best Supporting Actor in a TV Movie or Limited Series
! width="50%"| Best Supporting Actress in a TV Movie or Limited Series
|-
| valign="top" |
Courtney B. Vance – Let It Shine (Disney Channel) Danny Glover – Hannah's Law (Hallmark)
Louis Gossett Jr. – Smitty (UP)
Boris Kodjoe – A Killer Amongst Us (Lifetime)
Harry Lennix – A Beautiful Soul (TV One)
| valign="top" |
Alfre Woodard – Steel Magnolias (Lifetime) Adepero Oduye – Steel Magnolias (Lifetime)
Phylicia Rashad – Steel Magnolias (Lifetime)
Gloria Reuben – Jesse Stone: Benefit of the Doubt (CBS)
Jill Scott – Steel Magnolias (Lifetime)
|-
! width="50%"| Outstanding Director in a Television Miniseries or Movie
! width="50%"| Outstanding Screenplay in a TV Movie or Limited Series
|-
| valign="top" |
Vondie Curtis-Hall – Abducted: The Carlina White Story (Lifetime) Roger M. Bobb – Raising Izzie (UP)
Kenny Leon – Steel Magnolias (Lifetime)
Darnell Martin – Firelight (ABC)
Bille Woodruff – Rags (Nickelodeon)
| valign="top" |
Elizabeth Hunter – Abducted: The Carlina White Story (Lifetime)' Eric Daniel – Let It Shine (Disney Channel)
David Martyn Conley – Raising Izzie (UP)
Siddeeqah Powell – Somebody's Child (UP)
Cas Sigers – A Cross to Bear (UP)
|}
Highlights
Beasts of the Southern Wild became the big winner with 4 wins. Abducted: The Carlina White Story and Django Unchained'' took home 3 awards.
Ava DuVernay became the second woman to win in the Best Director category. Gina Prince-Bythewood became the first.
John Legend, Vondie Curtis-Hall and Alfre Woodard became the first multiple winners in their respective categories (Best Song/Best Director: TV Movie/ Best Supporting Actress: TV Movie).
Quvenzhané Wallis continued her history making film career in becoming the youngest Best Actress and Breakthrough winner ever.
Denzel Washington continues his winning streak in the Best Actor category with four Best Actor wins.
Earning their first Black Reel Award were: Paul Epworth, Behn Zeitlin, Ava DuVernay, Quvenzhané Wallis, Aunjanue Ellis, Sean Patrick Thomas, Elizabeth Hunter, Dan Romer, Samuel L. Jackson, Victoria Thomas, Courtney B. Vance, Nelson George, Sarah Burns, Ken Burns, Diane Gargas and Sheldon Candis,
References
2013 in American cinema
2013 awards in the United States
Black Reel Awards
2012 film awards
This is a list of people who have captained Western Australia at the first-class, List A and Twenty20 formats of the g. In total, 61 different players have captained Western Australia at some form of the game. Adam Voges (pictured) is currently the team's captain, with Marcus North having resigned as captain in November 2012. At Twenty20 level, Western Australia does not currently compete, being replaced by the Perth Scorchers from the 2011–12 season. Statistics are correct as of 12 January 2014:
First-class
List A
Twenty20
References
CricketArchive: Western Australia Players
See also
List of Western Australia first-class cricketers
List of Western Australia List A cricketer
List of Western Australia Twenty20 cricketers
Western Australia
Western Australia
Western Australia
For the 1932–33 season, Carlisle United F.C. competed in Football League Third Division North.
Results & fixtures
Football League Third Division North
FA Cup
References
11v11
External links
Carlisle United F.C. seasons
Rebecca More (born 7 August 1980) is an English pornographic actress and model. More has been acting in pornographic films since 2010. She found internet fame in October 2018 after she and fellow porn star Sophie Anderson, who brand themselves "The Cock Destroyers", posted a video that went viral. Both her and Anderson's videos have become memes and the pair have subsequently been regarded as 'gay icons'.
Personal life
Before working in the adult industry, More obtained a law degree from the University of West London. She briefly worked for the Citizens Advice Bureau and has two children. She began working as a stripper and later as an escort in order to earn more money. More has size 34GG breasts.
Career
More began her pornographic career in 2010 and has since appeared in over 150 pornographic films for multiple studios including Brazzers, Bang Bros, Digital Playground, Fake Taxi, Girlfriends Films and Television X. She has appeared in several scenes with Jordi El Niño Polla and Keiran Lee. More also has her own OnlyFans page, for which she posts sexual content throughout the week and broadcasts live to her fans.
In October 2018, a video of More and fellow pornographic actress Sophie Anderson calling themselves "The Cock Destroyers" whilst promoting a gang bang went viral. Their sudden popularity within the LGBT community saw them obtain an internet following and they made appearances at nightclubs such as G-A-Y. In October 2019, More and Anderson, featured in a non-sex role in A Tale Of Two Cock Destroyers, a gay pornographic film for Men.com which starred actors Jonas Jackson, JJ Knight, Leander, Joey Mills, Ty Mitchell and Johnny Rapid. and in 2020 they presented Slag Wars: The Next Destroyer alongside Matthew Camp, a reality television competition series on their quest to discover who will be named The Next Cock Destroyer. In 2021, More and Anderson fell out, resulting in an indefinite hiatus of the Cock Destroyers.
In 2020, she served as an adult film advisor on the four-part Channel 4 television drama Adult Material.
Impact on popular culture
Audio clips of More and Anderson were featured on the King Princess remix "cock destroyer", released on 4 March 2019 through SoundCloud.
During a girl group challenge on the first series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK, drag queens Baga Chipz, Blu Hydrangea and Divina de Campo named themselves the "Frock Destroyers" after More and Anderson's meme.
During the first season of Canada's Drag Race, contestant Ilona Verley impersonated More for the Snatch Game challenge.
Awards and nominations
2018 – XBIZ Europa Awards: Best Sex Scene – Glamcore for Malice Before Daylight – Nominated
References
External links
Rebecca More at 121 Contacts
1980 births
Living people
Actresses from London
English pornographic film actresses
Alumni of the University of West London
British Internet celebrities
Odair Hellmann (born 22 January 1977) is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder, and is the current manager of Emirati Al-Wasl.
Playing career
Born in Salete, Santa Catarina, Odair was an Internacional youth graduate. His maiden Série A match occurred on 22 August 1998, starting in a 1–1 home draw against Corinthians.
Odair was loaned to Fluminense in the Série C for the 1999 season. Upon returning, he was released by the club and resumed his career mainly in the lower leagues, notably winning the third division in 2005 while playing for Remo.
Odair also had two stints abroad: in 2003 he appeared three times in the Swedish side Enköpings SK, and represented Hong Kong First Division League club Eastern SC in the 2007–08 season. In January 2009, he was among the Brasil de Pelotas squad which suffered an accident after the team bus plunged 130 ft into a ravine. He suffered minor back injuries from the accident, which he fully recovered in October of that year, but still opted to retire.
Managerial career
After retiring, Odair started working as an assistant manager at his former club Internacional, initially assigned to the under-17 squad. In 2013, he became the permanent assistant manager of the first team. In 2015, he was also in charge of the first team for two matches, replacing fired Diego Aguirre.
Ahead of the 2016 Summer Olympics, Odair worked as Rogério Micale's assistant in the Brazil under-23 squad, helping the side to achieve the gold medal for the first time in history. Upon returning to Inter, he was appointed interim manager on 11 November 2017, after the dismissal of Guto Ferreira.
On 25 November 2017, Odair was announced as manager of the club for the 2018 season. After qualifying for the 2019 Copa Libertadores, he remained as manager for the 2019 season, as they went on to reach the finals in the 2019 Copa do Brasil, but lost it to Athletico Paranaense.
On 10 October 2019, after being knocked out by Flamengo in the Libertadores quarterfinals and a streak of four games without a league win, Odair was dismissed by Internacional. On 11 December, he was appointed manager of another of his former clubs, Fluminense.
On 7 December 2020, Hellmann left Fluminense after receiving an offer from Emirati club Al-Wasl.
Managerial statistics
Honours
Player
Internacional
Campeonato Gaúcho: 1997
Fluminense
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C: 1999
Remo
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C: 2005
Assistant manager
Brazil Olympic
Summer Olympics Gold medal: 2016
References
External links
Altom Fotball profile
1951 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Santa Catarina (state)
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
Sport Club Internacional players
Fluminense FC players
Veranópolis Esporte Clube Recreativo e Cultural players
América Futebol Clube (RN) players
Esporte Clube Mamoré players
Grêmio Esportivo Brasil players
America Football Club (RJ) players
Esporte Clube Passo Fundo players
Clube do Remo players
Clube de Regatas Brasil players
Allsvenskan players
Enköpings SK players
Hong Kong Premier League players
Eastern Sports Club footballers
Brazil under-20 international footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Hong Kong
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in Hong Kong
Brazilian football managers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A manager
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B managers
UAE Pro League managers
Sport Club Internacional managers
Fluminense FC managers
Al-Wasl F.C. managers
Brazilian expatriate football managers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Expatriate football managers in the United Arab Emirates
Parkia timoriana is a species of flowering plant in the legume family. English common names include tree bean. It is native to Thailand, Malaysia, Myanmar, Indonesia, and Assam and Manipur in India. It is widely cultivated for food and wood, and as an ornamental.
The tree is vulnerable to the pest insect Cadra cautella, a moth. The larva bores into the seed to pupate, feeding on the seed interior and filling it with webbing. It also consumes the flower heads.
Description
This plant is a tree growing up to 30 meters tall. The leaf is bipinnate. It is divided into 20 to 30 or more leaflets called pinnae, which are up to 12 centimeters long. Each pinna is divided into 50 to 60 pairs of smaller, narrow leaflets each up to a centimeter long. The inflorescence is a head of flowers dangling at the end of a peduncle up to 45 centimeters long. The flower head is a few centimeters wide and contains several flowers with five-lobed corollas. The fruit is a long, flattened legume pod up to 36 centimeters long which contains up to 21 hard, black seeds each around 2 centimeters long.
The flowers of this tree are pollinated by Old World fruit bats, especially Eonycteris spelaea, which feeds on the nectar. Bats are more efficient pollinators of the flowers than are the insects that also visit.
Uses
There are a number of human uses for this tree. The wood is used for firewood and lumber. In Africa the wood is not generally used, but the tree is often planted for ornamental purposes. It is a popular garden tree in India, particularly in Assam and Manipur, where it is a "characteristic feature" of Meitei backyards. It is tolerant of sun and shade.
Tree bean is a common food in Thailand and Indonesia. In Thai cuisine this vegetable is known as nitta sprout, and it is added to curry. When the seeds are mature, they have a hard, black seed coat. The seeds can be dried and stored. The seeds have a strong sulphur smell, which is due to the presence of thioproline. The treebean therefore requires an acquired taste In some areas, the seeds of the related tree species Parkia speciosa(also known as yongchaak, petai or stink beans
) are much more popular, and tree bean will be consumed as a second choice.
References
External links
Asian vegetables
timoriana
Edible legumes
Saharun is an off-road race and adventure organised by the Budapest-based Coimbra Ltd. Participants can enter in two categories: Race and Adventure. The event is open for 4WD and 2WD cars, trucks, motorcycles and quads.
The SAHARUN also features a charity project, with the objective to help the countries it visits. The charity partner of the race is the African-Hungarian Union. Aids are gathered by the AHU, the organisers and also by the participating teams.
History
The start of the first edition of the SAHARUN was scheduled for 16 March 2011. The destination was Tunisia. Just days before the start a revolution took part in the North-African country, forcing the organisers to postpone the start.
After closely watching the events in Tunisia, and seeing a normalised situatiuation, a new start date was made public: 8 March 2012.
In 2013 the SAHARUN will return in Tunisia. The route was published at the beginning of April. (see below)
SAHARUN 2012 - route, teams and results
Budapest - Maranello - Civitavecchia - Tunis - Tozeur - Douz - Ksar Ghilane - El Borma - Tataouine - Monastir
Vitéz Kürtős Team received the special award being the most charitable team.
SAHARUN 2013 - The Route
Budapest - Maranello - Civitavecchia - Tunis - Gafsa - Douz - Tembaine - Dakhanis - Ksar Ghilane - Sfax - Monastir
References
External links
SAHARUN official website
Off-road racing
The 1998 Aloha Bowl was a postseason college football bowl game between the Colorado Buffaloes of the Big 12 Conference and the Oregon Ducks of the Pacific-10 Conference. It was the last game of the season for these two schools and the last college game for Duck legend Akili Smith. Colorado won, 51–43
References
Aloha Bowl
Aloha Bowl
Colorado Buffaloes football bowl games
Oregon Ducks football bowl games
December 1998 sports events in the United States
1998 in sports in Hawaii
The United Rubber, Cork, Linoleum and Plastic Workers of America (URW) was a labor union representing workers involved in manufacturing using specific materials, in the United States and Canada.
The union was founded in 1935 as the United Rubber Workers of America, and was chartered by the American Federation of Labor (AFL) on September 12. It aligned itself with the Congress of Industrial Organizations (CIO), and as a result, was suspended by the AFL in 1936 and expelled in 1938. In 1937, it was chartered by the CIO, and by 1953, it had grown to become the federation's sixth-largest affiliate, with 190,000 members.
In 1955, the URW affiliated to the new AFL–CIO, and by 1980, its membership had increased slightly, to 199,990. On July 2, 1995, it merged into the United Steelworkers of America.
Presidents
1935: Sherman Dalrymple
1945: Leland Stanford Buckmaster
1960: George Burdon
1966: Peter Bommarito
1981: Mike Stone
1990: Kenneth L. Coss
References
Plastics and rubber trade unions
Trade unions established in 1916
Trade unions disestablished in 1980
The Belmont Inn, or simply Belmont's, is a bar along Belmont Street in the district of the same name within southeast Portland, Oregon's Sunnyside neighborhood. Owned by Seth Leavens, the bar has pool, darts, a jukebox, and video poker.
History
Matthew B. Traxler owned the bar, as of 1994. In March 1994, a beverage manager was shot in the head and killed after closing the bar. Two people were charged and sent to prison.
In 1996, the bar hosted a wake for Berton E. Green, known as the "Baron of Belmont". In August, Traxler expressed frustration with new development in the area, when neighboring Belmont Dairy was converted into apartments in retail spaces. He said limited parking for months at a time due to construction had a negative impact on his business and questioned the selection of Zupan's grocery for the neighborhood.
In the late 1990s, the bar was tagged by a Reed College student known for writing "Maul" in graffiti. She was fined for her prolific work across Portland.
The bar has hosted trivia nights. British Pub Quiz and Pub Quiz Oregon were held weekly, as of 2005 and 2006, respectively.
In 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic, the business supported a proposed plan to convert several blocks along Southeast Belmont Street into an outdoor dining area.
References
External links
Belmont Inn at Zomato
Drinking establishments in Oregon
Sunnyside, Portland, Oregon
Ajet Shehu (born 31 December 1990) is a Kosovo-born English retired footballer who played as a centre back.
Career
Early career
Shehu was born in Rahovec, modern day Kosovo, but moved to England with his family as a child to escape the conflicts in the Balkans, settling in West London. He attended Islington Arts and Media School, where he was part of the school team that won the Camden and Islington Cup in 2005, and where he caught the attention of scouts from Barnet who eventually signed the player to their academy. During his time at college he studied BTEC Sports, and he also joined an agency called Protec who offered Ajeti trials with Reading, Watford and Tottenham Hotspur.
He decided to join Tottenham full-time and signed a two-year contract in 2007, but after only a handful of games for the club's academy and joined Norwich City under-18s on loan in 2007, before also being loaned out to Leyton Orient's under-18s. He also had loan spells at non league sides Leatherhead, Staines Town and Ware during his time at Tottenham, as well as going on trial with Cheltenham Town in April 2009 after begin told he would not be offered another contract by Tottenham, before also going on trial with Aldershot Town at the end of the 2008–09 season.
Post Tottenham
Ajeti joined League Two side Cheltenham Town on a non contract basis in the summer of 2009 following his release from Tottenham, but he failed to make an appearance for the club during his short spell.
References
1990 births
Living people
People from Orahovac
Kosovan emigrants to the United Kingdom
Kosovan footballers
Association football central defenders
Barnet F.C. players
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. players
Norwich City F.C. players
Leyton Orient F.C. players
Leatherhead F.C. players
Staines Town F.C. players
Ware F.C. players
Cheltenham Town F.C. players
Wingate & Finchley F.C. players
KS Gramozi Ersekë players
Codicote F.C. players
Harrow Borough F.C. players
Kategoria e Parë players
Kosovan expatriate footballers
Kosovan expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
Kosovan expatriate sportspeople in Albania
Expatriate footballers in Albania
Michel Boyibanda is a soukous recording artist, composer, and vocalist in the Republic of the Congo. He was once a member of the Congolese Rumba band TPOK Jazz, led by François Luambo Makiadi, which dominated the Congolese music scene from the 1950s through the 1980s.
Partial discography
Ata Na Yebi (1966)
Samba Toko Samba (1966)
Andu Wa Andura (1971)
Ba Soucis Na Week-End (1971)
Osaboté Ngai Jean-Jean (1971)
Zando Ya Tipo-Tipo (1974)
Nzete Esololaka Na Moto Te (1975)
See also
Franco Luambo Makiadi
Sam Mangwana
Josky Kiambukuta
Simaro Lutumba
Ndombe Opetum
Youlou Mabiala
Mose Fan Fan
Wuta Mayi
TPOK Jazz
List of African musicians
References
External links
Overview of Composition of TPOK Jazz
Living people
Democratic Republic of the Congo musicians
TPOK Jazz members
Year of birth missing (living people)
boyibanda Michel que interpretou a famos
Cação "café ikola" do Franco luambo que deu sucésso nos anos
1967 mais de 2 millions de discos vendido na europa e na america latina
The men's light welterweight (63 kg/138.6 lbs) Low-Kick division at the W.A.K.O. European Championships 2006 in Skopje was the fifth lightest of the male Low-Kick tournaments and was one of the largest involving seventeen fighters. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick kickboxing rules.
As there were not enough fighters for a sixteen-man competition, one of the men received a bye into the quarter finals. The gold medal was won by Russian Artur Magadov who defeated Denmark's Ayoub Saidi in the final by unanimous decision. Gleb Bozko and Akaev Kurbanali, from Estonia and Russia, received bronze medals.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
W.A.K.O. European Championships 2006 (Skopje)
Charles Ledger (4 March 1818 – 19 May 1905) was an alpaca farmer noted for his work in connection with quinine, a treatment for malaria.
Background
Ledger belonged to a huguenot family that emigrated to England in the 18th century; he was born at 1 Bucklersbury, City of London, the son of George Ledger, a mercantile broker, and his wife Charlotte, née Warren. After leaving school he went to Peru and in 1836 was a clerk in a British merchant's office at Lima. It was at Lima that Charles rescued a drowning native Manuel Incra Mamani, who offered to become his servant.
Alpaca career
He became an expert in alpaca wool, and in 1842 began business as a dealer in South American products. In 1847 he was grazing sheep and cattle half-way between Tacna and La Paz, and in 1852 went to Sydney to inquire into the possibility of introducing the alpaca into Australia. He returned to South America and by 1859 had brought several hundred alpacas to Sydney. This was a hazardous and difficult business as the export of alpacas was forbidden. Ledger was paid £15,000 for his alpacas and given a position in charge of them. The attempt to acclimatize alpacas in Australia ended in failure, but Ledger was not at fault.
Quinine production
Ledger returned to South America in 1864 and turned his attention to another problem. The cinchona tree, the bark of which yields quinine, grew in Ecuador, Peru, and Bolivia, but the export of either trees or seeds was prohibited. The trees were being wastefully cut down without being replaced, and there was some danger that they might become extinct. Some seeds and plants had been introduced into Europe and Asia by Hugh Algernon Weddell in 1848, and Sir Clements Markham went later to Peru, and Bolivia, and succeeded in acclimatizing trees in Asia and the Dutch East Indies.
Ledger, however, employed Manuel Incra Mamani to find a better variety for producing quinine. In 1865, after four years of frost destroying high-quinine plant seeds (plants with a lower proportion were hardier), Mamani was able to collect some seeds from a high-quinine specimen. Ledger sent them to his brother George Ledger in London. The seed was sent to London where some of it was purchased by the Dutch government. Seeds were also sent to India and Queensland but the trees do not appear to have been grown in Australia.
The high-quinine plant was named Cinchona ledgeriana.
In 1871, Mamani was arrested whilst on a seed hunting trip, and beaten so severely that he died soon afterwards. Ledger ceased to collect seeds and provided money to Mamani's family.
In 1883 Ledger went to Sydney again and in 1884 took a farm 20 miles (30 km) from Goulburn, New South Wales.
Retirement and death
Losing his savings in the bank failures of the early 1890s, efforts were made by Sir Clements Markham and others to obtain some provision for Ledger from the Indian and Dutch governments. Initially this was refused, but in 1897 on Ledger's 79th birthday, he received news that the Dutch government had granted him an annuity of £100 a year. He died eight years later in 1905 at 'Mimosa Cottage', Elswick St, Leichhardt, Sydney. He is buried in Rookwood Cemetery, Sydney.
Impact
Ledger did a great service to the world, as millions of cinchona trees grown in India and Java sprang originally from the seeds he collected. By 1900 two-thirds of the world's supply of quinine came from Java, and over 40 years later the Ledger types of cinchona were still the best quinine yielders.
References
Part of Ledger's own account of his life can be found at p. 118, Chemist and Druggist, 27 July 1895, which is available as a searchable archive.
Some of Ledger's papers are available at the State Library of NSW: ML MSS.630
Further reading
R. S. Desowitz 1991. The Malaria Capers. Norton and Co., New York, NY.
M. Honigsbaum, The Fever Trail: In Search of the Cure for Malaria (London, 2001)
G. Ledger, The Alpaca: Its Introduction into Australia, and the Probabilities of its Acclimatisation There (Melbourne, 1861)
N. Taylor, Cinchona in Java: The Story of Quinine (New York, 1945)
G. Gramiccia, The Life of Charles Ledger (181-1905): Alpacas and Quinine Macmillan, 1988.
1818 births
1905 deaths
Quinine
Clerks
The enzyme carbamoyl-serine ammonia-lyase (EC 4.3.1.13) catalyzes the chemical reaction
O-carbamoyl-L-serine + H2O = pyruvate + 2 NH3 + CO2 (overall reaction)
(1a) O-carbamoyl-L-serine = CO2 + NH3 + 2-aminoprop-2-enoate
(1b) 2-aminoprop-2-enoate = 2-iminopropanoate (spontaneous)
(1c) 2-iminopropanoate + H2O = pyruvate + NH3 (spontaneous)
This enzyme belongs to the family of lyases, specifically ammonia lyases, which cleave carbon-nitrogen bonds. The systematic name of this enzyme class is O-carbamoyl-L-serine ammonia-lyase (decarboxylating; pyruvate-forming). Other names in common use include ''O-carbamoyl-L-serine deaminase, carbamoylserine deaminase, and O''-carbamoyl-L-serine ammonia-lyase (pyruvate-forming). It employs one cofactor, pyridoxal phosphate.
References
EC 4.3.1
Pyridoxal phosphate enzymes
Enzymes of unknown structure
The 2002 Basildon District Council election took place on 2 May 2002 to elect members of Basildon District Council in Essex, England. The whole council was up for election with boundary changes since the last election in 2000. The council stayed under no overall control.
Background
A review of the boundaries on Basildon council made changes for this election leading to the whole council being elected. Several new wards were created for the election including Crouch, Pitsea South East and St Martin's.
Before the election both the Labour and Conservative parties had 19 seats, while the Liberal Democrats had 4 seats and Labour led a minority administration. Several councillors stood down at the election including the Labour leader of the council John Potter. Candidates standing in the election included the first member of the British National Party to do so, Matthew Single in Vange ward.
Election result
The results saw the Conservatives become the largest party on the council with 21 seats, but fail to win a majority. They gained 1 seat each from Labour and the Liberal Democrats, who were left with 18 and 3 seats respectively. However the expectation was that an alliance between Labour and the Liberal Democrats would continue to run the council as the outgoing Labour chairman could use his casting vote to keep Labour in power. Meanwhile, the British National Party failed to win a seat after coming fifth in Vange ward.
Following the election the alliance between Labour and the Liberal Democrats was confirmed in control of the council, with Labour councillor Nigel Smith, husband of Member of Parliament for Basildon Angela Smith, becoming the new leader of the council.
Ward results
Billericay East
Billericay West
Burstead
Crouch
Fryerns
Laindon Park
Langdon Hills
Lee Chapel North
Nethermayne
Pitsea North West
Pitsea South East
St Martin's
Vange
Wickford Castledon
Wickford North
Wickford Park
References
2002
2002 English local elections
2000s in Essex
In Defense of Marxism may refer to:
A collection of texts from Leon Trotsky, published in 1942, mostly dealing about the nature of the USSR.
A website operated by the International Marxist Tendency
West Porters Lake, is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Me Musical Nephews is a 1942 one-reel animated cartoon directed by Seymour Kneitel and animated by Tom Johnson and George Germanetti. Jack Mercer and Jack Ward wrote the script. It is the 113th episode of the Popeye series, which was released on December 25, 1942.
Plot
One night, the nephews are practicing playing their music while Popeye is continually falling asleep. He tells them to get ready for bed so he can tell them a story. The nephews are unhappy with the short story but are sent to bed anyway. The nephews are not so tired and eventually start playing music with various objects (such as mattress springs, suspenders, medicine bottles, etc.), and Popeye eventually hears the racket and destroys the radio trying to find what's causing the noise. He soon finds out it is coming from the nephews and tries to catch them in the act. He fails however and tries to fall asleep anyway. He goes crazy and jumps out of the screen, leaving the film to end with the music playing.
Production notes
Me Musical Nephews was remade in color as Riot in Rhythm in 1950. There were a few differences made for these cartoons; for example, an uncredited Sammy Timberg composed the music for Me Musical Nephews, while the music for Riot in Rhythm was by Winston Sharples. There is also no mention of Swee'Pea.
Me Musical Nephews is in the public domain in the United States, as the copyright was not renewed.
References
External links
1942 short films
1942 animated films
1940s American animated films
American comedy short films
American black-and-white films
Popeye the Sailor theatrical cartoons
Paramount Pictures short films
1942 musical films
American musical films
American animated short films
1940s English-language films
Films about children
Bojanowo (; ) is a town in Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, western Poland. During the Partitions of Poland, the town was located in the Kreis Rawitsch of Provinz Posen. As of June 2021, it has a population of 2,895.
History
Between 1941 and 1942 there was a slave labour camp for Jews in Golina Wielka, near Bojanowo and more than a dozen prisoners died from starvation or were killed there.
Notable residents
Julius Frauenstädt (1813-1879), German philosopher
Gottschalk Eduard Guhrauer (1809–1854), German philologist and biographer
References
External links
Bojanowo City Guide
Virtual Shtetl, Jewish history of the town
Official website
Official website of parish in Bojanowo
Official website of football club in Bojanowo - Ruch Bojanowo
Official website of fire department
Cities and towns in Greater Poland Voivodeship
Rawicz County
Shtetls
Holocaust locations in Poland
Estadio Óscar Quiteño is a multi-purpose stadium in Santa Ana, El Salvador.
It is currently used mostly for football matches, and is the home stadium of Club Deportivo FAS.
The stadium holds 17,500 people and was built in 1963.
Inauguration
The stadium was inaugurated on February 3, 1963 and built by the Institute of Rural Development. It sports the name of the goalkeeper 'Óscar Alberto Quiteño' , who died in a friendly match against Orión of Costa Rica; The said Santana stadium was named Óscar Quiteño (in honor of Óscar Alberto Quiteño) on May 15, 1977; Thanks to the initiative of Professor Fidel Antonio Magaña. The opening match of the stadium faced C.D. FAS and the Gold of Mexico, which was won by the latter.
History
The first football scene of Santa Ana was the field of the Finca Model, where FAS won its first 5 championships. It was the October 17, 1962 when a meeting was held to begin the preparation for the construction of the new stadium, which was inaugurated February 3, 1963. The property belongs to the Municipal Hall of Santa Ana, but it is administered as comodato by C.D. FAS.
Design
It has a capacity to accommodate 17,500 people, with the latest extensions that have been made and is the largest stadium in the western area of El Salvador. It has 4 lighting towers on each side, east and west each tower has 2 lines of 6 fans and 28 halogen for a total of 40 per tower. In addition it has 10 access doors and 6 to the court, which is covered with grass Bermuda Neozelandeza and has an extension of 105 x 70 meters.
In June 2014, remodeling work was done so that the Club Deportivo FAS team could play their games for the CONCACAF Champions League tournament, as a local, these works included the remodeling in the substitute players bench and Technical staff, as well as the engravings of the court, general interior and exterior painting, new luminaires as well as an asphalt layer repair on the track.
Current events
The stadium has been waiting for 3 years to be remodeled, of the National Institute of Sports of El Salvador, but the delay of the works has the stadium in bad condition, even so it is acceptable for matches of football of the local team, with the renovations and extensions that are made the stadium will increase its capacity to 22,500 fans, even with that capacity would still be the third of the country, but for a short time their capacity will be relieved to the fourth place when the Estadio Juan Francisco Barraza of San Miguel is finished its capacity would increase to 20 thousand.
The Estadio Oscar Quiteño has its surroundings to be able to continue expanding its infrastructure and to be able to turn it into a stadium of first level, the proposals are varied, acceptable and modern.
Facilities and capacity
The Olympic Oscar Alberto Quiteño has a capacity to accommodate 17,500 people comfortably seated and is the third largest stadium in El Salvador.
'The Stadium has the following specifications:'
Olympic track for athletics (not a regulation track)
6 entrance tickets to the stadium.
5 lockers available for ticket sales.
It has good drainage.
2 dressing rooms for local and visiting team
A High Tribune
Movable internal sound system
Cabins for radio and television.
4 towers of lighting on each side, east and west. Each tower has 2 lines of 6 fans and 28 halogen for a total of 40 per tower.
Own parking for 150 vehicles.
Estadio Óscar Quiteño was named after a goalkeeper who died in 1964, during a friendly match against Orión of Costa Rica.
References
Football venues in El Salvador
Multi-purpose stadiums in El Salvador
Santa Ana, El Salvador
1963 establishments in El Salvador
Sports venues completed in 1963
Blakk Rasta (born Abubakar Ahmed (born 2 September 1974) is a Ghanaian reggae / Kuchoko artiste, dub poet and a radio presenter of Zylofon FM. He is best known for the song "Barack Obama" sung in honor of the 44th U.S President. He was honored at a special dinner with President Obama on 11 July 2010.
Musical style
Blakk Rasta does "Kuchoko" which is predominantly reggae music fused with African rhythms and energies pouring out conscious lyrics about love, equal rights and justice, blackness, rasta and spiritual love.
Blakk Rasta's current "Kuchoko" sound innovation came about after a long period of research into a new sound, which will ride on reggae music and establish a sound which will cut across indigenous African sights, sounds and spirituality and be accepted worldwide in these fast changing times of musical tastes and preferences.
Indigenous African instruments such as the xylophone, talking drum (dondo), kette, flute, kolgo, kora fused with animal and jungle sounds, and sounds from local markets.
Career
Abubakar Ahmed, aka Blakk Rasta who was born on September 2, 1974, in Tamale to devout Ahmadi-Moslem parents. Growing in the slums of Moshie-Zongo and Aboabo. Blakk Rasta is also a reggae DJ on radio. He was adjudged the best Reggae DJ in Ghana when he was on Happy 98.9 FM. The controversial former host of the midmorning program ‘Taxi Driver' on Hitz 103.9 FM, revealed via his Twitter account on July 6, 2015 that he has said his goodbyes to the Multimedia-owned Kokomlemle based radio station in Accra. Blakk Rasta then joined Zylofon FM in 2017 to continue 'Taxi Driver'. After four years of working at Zylofon FM, Blakk Rasta Live on air (Wednesday 29 December 2021) announced that he will be leaving the East-legon based radio on Friday 31 December 2021. According to Blakk Rasta, his decision not to abandon the station in spite of financial challenges was purely out of loyalty to his boss, NAM1, who had tasked him to consider the station as his own baby.
After leaving Zylofon FM, Blakk Rasta now created a channel on YouTube called 'Blakk Media Empire', to still continue his show 'The Black Pot'.
Inspiration
He was inspired by Jamaican dub poet; Mutabaruka, DYCR and Linton Kwesi Johnson.
Honors and awards
In June 2011, Blakk Rasta was voted and confirmed as the 'Radio Reggae Show Host of the Year' by the Ghana Radio And TV Awards. He has won other awards such as the BASS Awards in 2013, with a reggae song with Jah Amber titled "Our Africa".
Discography
Selected singles
"Dede"
"Barack Obama"
"Gaddafi"
"Mallam Tonga"
"Gaddafi, My Hero"
"52 Ambulances" (Knii Lante ft. Blakk Rasta, 2018)
"Naked Wire" (2008)
"Caro Caro (Coronavirus Lamentation)"
Mpumalanga
"Camaroon"
"Piano Logoligi"
"Bloody Museveni"
Raggamuffin com
"Mr President" (2021)
"Kwame Nkrumah"
Albums
2000: The Rasta Shrine
2002: More Fyah
2004: Ganja Minister
2006: Natty Bongo
2008: Naked Wire
2010: Voice of the African Rebel
2011: Born Dread
2014: Ancestral Moonsplash
2016: Kuchoko Revolution
2019: Timbuktu By Road
References
External links
iTunes
Living people
1974 births
Ghanaian Rastafarians
Ghanaian musicians
People from Tamale, Ghana
T.I. Ahmadiyya Senior High School (Kumasi) alumni
A Pakistani rug (), also known as Pakistani carpet (), is a type of handmade floor-covering heavy textile traditionally made in Pakistan and is used for a wide variety of utilitarian and symbolic purposes. Rug/carpet weaving is an essential part of Pakistani culture and Pakistani art.
History
The art of weaving developed in the region comprising Pakistan at a time when few other civilizations employed it. Excavations at Moenjodaro and Harappa - ancient cities of the Indus Valley civilization - have established that the inhabitants used spindles and spun a wide variety of weaving materials. Some historians consider that the Indus Valley civilization first developed the use of woven textiles.
Carpet weaving may have been introduced into the area of present-day Pakistan as far back as the eleventh century with the coming of the first Muslim conquerors, the Turkic Ghaznavids and the Afghan Ghaurids. It can with more certainty be traced to the beginning of the Mughal Dynasty in the early sixteenth century, when the last successor of Timur, Babur, extended his rule from Kabul, Afghanistan to Dhaka, Bangladesh and founded the Mughal Empire. Under the patronage of the Mughals, local craftsmen adopted Persian techniques and designs. Carpets woven in the Punjab at that time (often called Lahore carpets today) made use of motifs and decorative styles found in Mughal architecture.
During the Mughal period, the carpets made on the South Asia became so famous that demand for them spread abroad. These carpets boasted distinctive designs and high knot densities. Carpets made for the Mughal emperors, including Jahangir and Shah Jahan, were of the finest quality. Under Shah Jahan's reign, Mughal carpet-weaving took on a new aesthetic and entered its classical phase.
The carpets woven in Lahore were the first to reach European markets, including England, as far back as Seventeenth century. During the British colonial era, prison weaving was established in district and female jails in cities such as Lahore and Karachi. Carpet-weaving outside of jails was revived after the independence when Pakistan's carpet-weaving industry flourished.
At present, Pakistani rug is one of the country's leading export products. Hand-knotted rug manufacture is Pakistan's second-largest cottage and small industry. The craftsmen have the capacity to produce any type of carpet using all the popular motifs of guls, medallions, paisleys (botehs), traceries, and geometric designs in various combinations.
Types of Pakistani rugs
Paki Persian
Persian-inspired curvilinear and/or floral designs, usually styled from old Kashan, Kirman, Isfahan, Tabriz, Hunting, Tree of Life, Mahal and Sultanabad rugs. Woven with Senneh (Persian) knot.
Bokhara
Ghiordes (Turkish) knot, geometric Tekke design. Pakistani Bokhara rugs are woven in many colors, ranging from classical reds to vibrant greens and golds.
Jaldar
Inspired from traditional Sarouk and Yamud designs that originated in Pakistan; it employs diamond-shaped gul motif repeated in rows. woven with Ghiordes knot.
Pak Gabbeh
A Pak Gabbeh is very similar in character to Persian Gabbeh and has modern contemporary designs. Normally woven with handspun wool and vegetable with both Senneh and Ghiordes knot.
Chobi
Often referred as Ziegler, Oushak or Peshawar, Chobi rugs employ handspun wool and natural dyes. Floral patterns and usually woven with Senneh knot in Pakistan.
Caucasian
Traditional geometric design of the Caucasus. Ghiordes knot.
Shal
Derived from traditional shawl designs of old Persia.
Lahore
Lahore became a prominent weaving center during the time of British rule, and they furthered the traditional weaving through various means including weaving rugs in Lahore's jail. Most of the rugs produced at that time are commonly referred as Lahore rugs.
Dhurrie
Dhurrie is a type of flat-woven rug traditionally woven with wool and cotton in most parts of Pakistan.
Weaving centers
Today, hand-knotted carpets are produced all over Pakistan with major centers established around bigger cities.
Balochistan
Gilgit-Baltistan
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
Punjab
Sindh
See also
Afghan carpet
Oriental rug
Pakistan Carpet Manufacturers and Exporters Association
References
Further reading
(see index)
External links
Pakistan Carpet Manufacturers and Exporters Association
Types of Pakistani rugs
Pakistan Rugs
Rugs and carpets
Pakistani handicrafts
Textile industry of Pakistan
Afzal Baig (born 10 April 1984, Ghakhar Mandi) is a Pakistani athlete.
Career
Afzal comes from Ghakhar Mandi in Punjab, Pakistan. He represents Pakistan Wapda in national competitions. He won various titles during representing Pakistan.
See also
Liaquat Ali, contemporary competitor in the same events
References
Living people
Pakistani male sprinters
Athletes from Punjab, Pakistan
1984 births
People from Gujranwala District
Rap Rakesh Sethulingam (born 11 January 1999) better known as Rap Rakesh, is the Pioneer of Music " YouTuber" in Tamilnadu who started the first Independent Artist YouTube Channel and Released two Official songs before the start up of YouTube Channels like Sony Music, Saregama, T series,etc..Rap Rakesh, is an entrepreneur, composer, lyricist, rapper, singer, and performer. He is one of the Pioneers of Tamil Hip-hop in India(Among 3) who took interest in rapping ever since he was in school.
Career
Rakesh popularised rap when it still was not big in Tamil music. Inspired by ‘Pettai Rap', he composed his own song in 2009, performed it at IIT Saarang and won the first prize. Since then, he has been known as Rap Rakesh to his friends, and now, to his Facebook fans as well. He shot to fame with 'Munne Vaada' song which is centered on physically challenged people in 2014. Later in 2016, Rakesh launched his next music video titled '12 AM'. The video is said to be an ode to woman, who were killed brutally by anti-social elements.
Rakesh studied at Our Lady of Lourdes School, Pollachi & P.K.D School, Pollachi. Later he joined in Diploma (INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY) at
Nachimuthu Polytechnic College, Pollachi and Engineering (BTech) at Bannari Amman Institute of Technology, Sathyamangalam in the Erode district. Later Worked for a Software Company in Bangalore and Coimbatore as ASP.NET Developer and He is also a graduate in Master of Business Administration(MBA).
Independent projects
As actor
References
External links
Tamil musicians
Musicians from Chennai
Living people
1992 births
Indian male composers
Indian rappers
Indian lyricists
21st-century composers
People from Coimbatore district
Indian male singers
Poets from Tamil Nadu
Tamil poets
Indian male poets
21st-century male musicians
21st-century Indian male actors
Tamil rappers
Tamil male actors
Ville Jacques-Cartier was a city located on the south shore of Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It was named after the founder of New France, Jacques Cartier. Now a defunct city, its former territory makes up a third of the city of Longueuil and more than 80% of Le Vieux-Longueuil borough.
History
Created at the same time as Mackayville in 1947, the land of Jacques-Cartier corresponded to what had been left of the St-Antoine de Longueuil Parish after Longueuil, Saint-Lambert, Saint-Hubert, Montréal-Sud, Greenfield Park and Mackayville seceded from the parish. In 1948, a distant section of Jacques-Cartier (with no boundaries to the rest of the town) went on to form an independent municipality under the name of Préville. In 1949, Jacques-Cartier lost another portion of its territory which became Ville LeMoyne. Originally incorporated as a town, Jacques-Cartier gained the status of city in 1952.
Jacques-Cartier grew extremely quickly, much too fast for its existing infrastructure. It lacked a sewer system and paved roads. Dogs ran wildly in the streets. Houses were built as soon as the owner had the materials required to make one. The city had few or no laws on architectural integrity. This led to a mishmash of buildings, some concrete, some wood, some brick, along its streets.
Jacques-Cartier merged with the city of Longueuil in 1969. Although the territory of Jacques-Cartier was four times larger than that of Longueuil, it was the latter's name that was retained because of historic reasons (Longueuil was a much older city than Jacques-Cartier).
Today, the western part of what used to be Jacques-Cartier is primarily low-income, highly populated, retail-oriented and completely built-up. The architecture in this area can be defined as a mishmash and non-uniform, as buildings were usually constructed when the property owners had enough money to build them. The eastern part, on the other hand, tends to be the opposite. It is by far less densely populated than its western counterpart and contains the industrial section of Longueuil. Recently built designer mansions and condominiums are plentiful (notably in the Collectivité-Nouvelle and Parcours du Cerf neighbourhoods), and the area is becoming increasing built up. The far northeast known as the Fatima neighbourhood (which borders the city of Boucherville) is similar to the western part, with many bungalows and apartment buildings dating from Jacques-Cartier.
During its 22 years of existence, Jacques-Cartier gave birth to some of the most well-known establishments of Le Vieux-Longueuil borough; notably Collège Édouard-Montpetit (1967), Gérard-Fillion secondary school (1966), and the current location of Pratt & Whitney Canada (1951).
Government
The city hall, police station and fire station of Jacques-Cartier were all located together on Cure-Poirier Boulevard between the streets Daniel and Brebeuf. This site still serve as an office building for the modern city of Longueuil and also include a fire station.
Mayors
Demographics
Jacques-Cartier was overwhelmingly francophone. It had twelve Catholic parishes at the time of its merger with Longueuil in 1969. The clergy played a large role in the success of the community. It ran various social organizations and was in charge of education in the city.
Education
The South Shore Protestant Regional School Board previously served the municipality.
Location (1969)
References
External links
Marigot.ca - Historical information on Ville Jacques-Cartier from Michel Pratt, Atlas historique de Longueuil
- Map of Ville Jacques-Cartier from Michel Pratt, Atlas historique de Longueuil
1947 establishments in Quebec
Populated places established in 1947
Populated places disestablished in 1969
Former municipalities in Quebec
Longueuil
1969 disestablishments in Quebec
Mento is a style of Jamaican folk music that predates and has greatly influenced ska and reggae music. It is a fusion of African rhythmic elements and European elements, which reached peak popularity in the 1940s and 1950s. Mento typically features acoustic instruments, such as acoustic guitar, banjo, hand drums, and the rhumba box — a large mbira in the shape of a box that can be sat on while played. The rhumba box carries the bass part of the music.
Mento is often confused with calypso, a musical form from Trinidad and Tobago. Although the two share many similarities, they are separate and distinct musical forms. During the mid-20th century, mento was conflated with calypso, and mento was frequently referred to as calypso, kalypso and mento calypso. Mento singers frequently used calypso songs and techniques. As in calypso, mento uses topical lyrics with a humorous slant, commenting on poverty and other social issues. Sexual innuendo is also common.
History
Mento draws on musical traditions brought by enslaved West Africa people. Enslaved musicians were often required to play music for their masters and often rewarded for such skills. The Africans created a creole music, incorporating such elements of these traditions, including quadrille, into their own folk music.
The Jamaican mento style has a long history of conflation with Trinidadian calypso. The lyrics of mento songs often deal with aspects of everyday life in a light-hearted and humorous way. Many comment on poverty, poor housing, and other social issues. Thinly veiled sexual references and innuendo are also common. Mento can be seen as a precursor of some of the movement motifs and themes dealing with such social issues found in modern dancehall. It became more popular in the late 1940s, with mento performances becoming a common aspect of dances, parties and other events in Jamaica.
The word mento is of uncertain etymology; it may be from an African language or Cuban Spanish; Rex Nettleford claimed the term was brought back from Cuba by Jamaicans returning from work there. Supposedly, it derives from the Spanish verb mentar, "to mention, call out, name", because of the subtle ways that lyrics criticised people (whether fellow blacks, or the whites who were in charge).
Major 1950s mento recording artists include Louise Bennett, Count Lasher, Harold Richardson, Lord Flea, Lord Fly, Alerth Bedasse with Chin's Calypso Sextet, Laurel Aitken, Denzil Laing, Lord Composer, Lord Lebby, Lord Power, Hubert Porter, and Harry Belafonte, a New Yorker of Jamaican origin. His wildly popular hit records in 1956-1958, including "Day-O (The Banana Boat Song)" and "Jamaica Farewell," were mento songs sold as calypso. Previously recorded Jamaican versions of many Belafonte's classic "calypso" hits can be heard on the Jamaica - Mento 1951-1958 CD released by Frémeaux & Associés in 2009.
Due in part to Belafonte's popularity, mento became widely conflated with calypso in the 1950s. In a 1957 interview for Calypso Star magazine, Lord Flea explained:
"In Jamaica, we call our music 'mento' until very recently. Today, 'calypso' is beginning to be used for all kinds of West Indian music. This is because it's become so commercialized there. Some people like to think of West Indians as carefree natives who work and sing and play and laugh their lives away. But this isn't so. Most of the people there are hardworking folks, and many of them are smart businessmen. If the tourists want "calypso", that's what we sell them."
This was the golden age of mento, as records pressed by Stanley Motta, Ivan Chin, Ken Khouri and others brought the music to a new audience. In the 1960s it became overshadowed by ska and reggae. Mento is still played in Jamaica, especially in areas frequented by tourists. Lloyd Bradley, reggae historian and author of the seminal reggae book, Bass Culture, said that Lee "Scratch" Perry's seminal 1976 dub album, Super Ape, contained some of the purest mento influences he knew. This style of music was revived in popularity by the Jolly Boys in the late 1980s and early 1990s with the release of four recordings on First Warning Records/Rykodisc and a tour that included the United States. Stanley Beckford and Gilzene and the Blue Light Mento Band also revived rural mento in the 2000s. The mento dance is a Jamaican folk-form dance with acoustic guitar, banjo, hand drums and rhumba box.
Films
1984 - Caribbean Crucible. From Repercussions: A Celebration of African-American Music series, program 6. Directed by Dennis Marks and Geoffrey Haydon.
Sources
Further reading
Floyd Jr, Samuel A (1999). "Black Music in the Circum-Caribbean". American Music, Vol. 17, No. 1 (Spring, 1999), pp. 1–38.
Neely, Daniel (2001). "Long Time Gal! Mento is Back!". The Beat, December 2001, vol. 20, no. 6: 38-42. Available in pdf format at New York University homepages.
Neely, Daniel (2007). "One of mento's great voices silenced". "Jamaica Observer, March 18, 2007,
Neely, Daniel (2007). "Calling All Singers, Musicians and Speechmakers : Mento Aesthetics and Jamaica's Early Recording Industry." Caribbean Quarterly, Vol. 53, No. 4. (December 2007), pp. 1–15.
External links
Jamaica-Mento 1951-1958 - CD booklet online - (English version at the bottom of the page)
Jamaica - In Calypso: A World Music, a site created by Historical Museum of Southern Florida about calypso and mento
Jamaican Mento Music - site created by Michael Garnice (comprehensive information on the history and the musicians who made the music)
Ivan Chin - Mento music's pages on mento pioneer Ivan Chin. The Mento dance is a Jamaican folk form dance with the instruments acoustic guitar, banjo, hand drums and the rhumba box
Folk music genres
Raymond Hunt (17 September 1921 – 15 August 1994) was a New Zealand cricketer. He played first-class cricket for Otago and Canterbury between 1947 and 1960.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1921 births
1994 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Canterbury cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Dunedin
James Dun (born 7 July 1999) is an English rugby union player who plays for Bristol Bears in the Premiership Rugby.
References
External links
Bristol Bears Profile
ESPN Profile
Ultimate Rugby Profile
1999 births
Living people
Bristol Bears players
English rugby union players
Rugby union players from Bath, Somerset
Rugby union flankers
Lautaro Darío Giaccone (born 1 February 2001) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Ferro Carril Oeste, on loan from Rosario Central.
Club career
Giaccone started his career with 9 de Julio at the age of three, before having stints in San Francisco with Los Andes, aged six, and Sportivo Belgrano. In January 2017, Giaccone joined the academy of Rosario Central at the age of fifteen; having had a trial in the preceding December. In August 2020, the attacking midfielder signed his first professional contract. He made the first-team's substitute's bench on 2 January 2021 for a win over Defensa y Justicia, though wasn't selected to come on in the Copa de la Liga Profesional. Giaccone's senior debut arrived on 9 January in the same competition against Lanús.
On 10 March 2022, Giaccone joined Primera Nacional club Ferro Carril Oeste on loan for the rest of 2022 with a purchase option.
International career
Giaccone represented Argentina at U18 level. He was selected for Esteban Solari's preliminary squad ahead of the 2019 COTIF Tournament in Spain; though didn't make the final cut. He also received a call-up from the U20s at around that time, though Rosario didn't let him join up with the squad.
Personal life
Giaccone is the son of football manager Ariel Giaccone, who managed Sportivo Belgrano whilst his son was on their academy books.
Career statistics
.
Notes
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
People from San Francisco, Córdoba
Argentine footballers
Argentina youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
Argentine Primera División players
Primera Nacional players
Rosario Central footballers
Ferro Carril Oeste footballers
Sportspeople from Córdoba Province, Argentina
The Verein für Raumschiffahrt ("VfR", ) was a German amateur rocket association prior to World War II that included members outside Germany. The first successful VfR test firing with liquid fuel (five minutes) was conducted by Max Valier at the Heylandt Works on January 25, 1930; and additional rocket experiments were conducted at a farm near Bernstadt, Saxony.
Space travel and rocketry gained popularity in Germany after the June 1923 publication of Herman Oberth's book Die Rakete zu den Planetenräumen () and the expanded 1929 work Wege zur Raumschiffahrt (Ways to Spaceflight).
The VfR was founded in 1927 by Johannes Winkler, with Max Valier and Willy Ley after their participation as expert advisers for Fritz Lang's early science fiction film Frau im Mond (The Woman in the Moon). Ley and Hermann Oberth had hoped to receive funding from Lang for a real-life experimental rocket launch coinciding with the movie's premiere. Valier had assisted the Opel company in Fritz von Opel's demonstrations and speed records for cars, rail vehicles and the world's first rocket planes, Opel-RAK, which are generally considered the world's first rocket program. Those events drew large crowds and worldwide media attention and popularized rocketry as means of propulsion immensely.
In September 1930, before Hitler came to power, the VfR requested funding from the German army. Rockets were one of the few types of military development not restricted by the Versailles treaty at the end of World War I, 11 years earlier. They received permission from the municipality to use an abandoned ammunition dump at Reinickendorf, the Berlin rocket launching site (). For three years the VfR launched increasingly powerful rockets of their own design from this location. Following the unsuccessful Mirak rockets, the most powerful rocket of the Repulsor series (named for a spaceship in a German novel by Kurd Lasswitz) reached altitudes over 1 km (3,000 ft).
In the spring of 1932, Capt Walter Dornberger, his commander (Captain Ritter von Horstig), and Col Karl Heinrich Emil Becker viewed a (failed) VfR launch, and Dornberger subsequently issued a contract for a demonstration launch. Wernher von Braun, who was then a young student and had joined the group two years earlier, was in favor of the contract The group eventually rejected the proposal and the dissension caused during its consideration contributed to the society dissolving itself in January 1934. The society's demise was also the result of an inability to find funding, and Berlin's civic authorities becoming concerned with rocketry experiments so close to the city.
The only known VfR rocket artifact is a rejected aluminium Repulsor nozzle which member Herbert Schaefer took to the US when he emigrated in 1935 and which he donated to the Smithsonian Institution in 1978.
References
1927 establishments in Germany
1933 disestablishments in Germany
History of Wrocław
History of spaceflight
Scientific organizations established in 1927
Organizations disestablished in 1933
Saint Sagar or Sagaris was a martyr of the early Christian church. He was supposedly (but probably not) a disciple of St. Paul; it is known that he was Bishop of Laodicea, Phrygia. He suffered martyrdom during the reign of Emperor Marcus Aurelius. Sagar was quoted by Polycrates because he was a quartodeciman.
His feast day is 6 October.
References
Saints from Roman Anatolia
2nd-century Christian martyrs
2nd-century bishops in Roman Anatolia
175 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Lück or Lueck is a German surname that may refer to:
Bill Lueck (born 1946), American football player
Dale Lueck (born 1949), American politician
Daniel Lück (born 1991), German footballer
Hans-Joachim Lück (born 1953), German rower
Heidi Lück (born 1943), German politician
Ingolf Lück (born 1958), German actor and comedian
Kurt Lück (1900–1942), German historian and SS Obersturmbannführer
Mackenzie Lueck ( 19962019), American murder victim
Martin C. Lueck (1888–1986), American farmer and politician
Martin L. Lueck (1872–1926), American politician and judge
Petra Kusch-Lück (born 1948), German host, entertainer, dancer, and singer
Siegfried Lück, retired East German slalom canoeist competing from the late 1950s to the late 1960s
Thomas Lück (born 1981), German sprint canoer
Wolfgang Lück (born 1957), German mathematician
See also
Luck (disambiguation)
German-language surnames
Milan Đorđević (, born November 5, 1968) is a Serbian slalom canoer who competed as an Independent Olympic Participant in the early 1990s. He finished 39th in the K-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1968 births
Serbian male canoeists
Yugoslav male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists as Independent Olympic Participants
Sportspeople from Niš
Esther Armah is a British-born playwright, radio host and political commentator living in Brooklyn, New York. She currently hosts The Spin, a talk show, for the African-American Public Radio Consortium.
Biography
Armah was born in London, England, to Kwesi Armah, a Ghanaian politician and ambassador to the United Kingdom, and his wife, Esther Yaa Agyemang Armah. She was raised in both England and her homeland. She was in Ghana during the 1966 Ghana military coup while her father was on a diplomatic mission to Vietnam. She and the rest of her family were attacked by soldiers soon after the coup began, and her mother was nearly murdered. They spent two years under house arrest before being allowed to return to England.
In London, Armah hosted the current affairs radio program Talking Africa before becoming a researcher and reporter for BBC Radio and BBC World Service. She was a contributor to Crossing Continents and Law in Action. She was also a presenter for the BBC television series Black Britain and Panorama. At Panorama, she produced a program investigating the death of Damilola Taylor.
In New York City, she hosted WBAI's morning drive time program, Wakeup Call Mondays through Thursdays until August 2013. Previously she hosted that station's program Connections. She is also an occasional guest on the MSNBC weekend shows Up with Chris Hayes and Melissa Harris-Perry.
Armah has written an autobiography, Can I Be Me? (2006), as well as three plays: Forgive Me?, Entitled! and Saviour?. She has also written pieces for The Guardian and for Essence magazine. Armah's works and radio programs explore issues of social justice, race and gender, especially regarding the African diaspora in England and the United States.
Notes
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
English people of Ghanaian descent
English emigrants to the United States
English dramatists and playwrights
English radio presenters
English political journalists
Writers from London
The Chatham shag (Leucocarbo onslowi), also known as the Chatham Island shag, is a species of bird in the cormorant and shag family, Phalacrocoracidae. It is endemic to the Chatham Islands of New Zealand. For a long time the species was placed in the genus Phalacrocorax; today it is mostly placed with the other blue-eyed shags of New Zealand and Antarctica in the genus Leucocarbo. Its closest relative is the Otago shag of South Island.
This is a large, pied shag with a long crest. It is highly coastal, rarely foraging far from shore, although sometimes feeds in the large and brackish Te Whanga Lagoon. It forages for fish and cephalopods and roosts on rocky shores. The species is colonial, breeding in small colonies around the Chatham Islands. Little is known about its breeding behaviour. The species is threatened by introduced predators, disturbance at its breeding colonies and habitat loss.
Taxonomy
Henry Forbes described the Chatham shag as Phalacrocorax onslowi in 1893. The specific name commemorates William Onslow, 4th Earl of Onslow, who was the Governor of New Zealand between 1889 and 1892. The question of which genus to place the species in has, like the general question of the taxonomy of the cormorants and shags on the whole, been a long-standing mystery. It was long retained in Phalacrocorax along with the rest of the family when the family was treated as monogeneric. It was also placed in the genus Euleucocarbo along with the other "blue-eyed shags" found in New Zealand. The species has sometimes been considered a subspecies of an enlarged New Zealand king shag species (Leucocarbo carunculatus). Most recently a 2014 study of the mitochondrial and nuclear DNA of the family placed it within the New Zealand blue-eyed shags and the other Antarctic blue-eyed shags in the genus Leucocarbo. This arrangement has also been adopted by the International Ornithologists' Union. The same study found that its closest relative was the species formerly known as Stewart shag. Since 2016, the Stewart shag is now treated as two species, the Otago and Foveaux shags. The same study that split these two species also found that the Chatham shag is closely related to the Otago shag and that this pair is in turn a sister clade to the Foveaux shag. These three species are in turn related to the New Zealand king shag and an extinct Leucocarbo species, the Kohatu shag, from the far north of New Zealand.
"Chatham Shag" has been designated as the official common name for the species by the IOC. The species is also known as the "Chatham Island shag".
Description
An adult Chatham shag is in length and weighs around . It is a large pied shag with a white throat, breast, belly and patches on the of the wings, and black or black-brown elsewhere. When breeding the head and hind-neck have a blue metallic sheen, the wings and have a greenish sheen and the rest of the black areas have a purplish-blue sheen. The head has a prominent crest and there are white on the neck. Adults have a red and orange-red caruncles on the face and the gape of the mouth. In spite of the common name of the genus the iris of the eye is brown, and the eye has a violet eye-ring. The bill is dark grey, with a bright red mouth, and the legs and feet are dull pink. Non-breeding birds look similar to breeding birds but are duller, have no crest or filoplumes, and duller bare parts. The caruncles are yellow, the eye-ring blue, the mouth orange and the bill is light-grey.
Distribution and habitat
The species is endemic to the Chatham Islands, an archipelago around to the east of New Zealand. In the Chathams it is an inshore species, rarely going more than a few kilometres away from shore, and it is more commonly found in sheltered water such as bays and inlets. It also forages in the large brackish Te Whanga Lagoon. It breeds in colonies on coastal areas and around Te Whanga Lagoon, either on flat areas, slopes or wide cliff ledges. There are currently thirteen colonies of this species, found on the main Chatham Island as well as Pitt Island, Star Keys, Rabbit Island and North East Reef. These colonies are located close to the high-tide mark and can have as many as 300 nests in them. It roosts on rocks close to shore or at sea, although it may have different roosting sites for day and night. The species is non-migratory and has never been recorded away from the Chatham Islands, although the species does feed and roost on islands in the Chathams away from their breeding colonies, for example Mangere.
Behaviour
Diet and feeding
Like all cormorants, the Chatham shag is a pursuit-diver, propelling itself underwater with its feet and returning to the surface to consume small prey caught in its bill. The specific diet of the Chatham shag is poorly known, but is dominated by fish, including opalfish, flatfish and bullies, as well as cephalopods such as octopuses, squid and cuttlefish. It generally feeds alone, but will form small feeding flocks at times.
Breeding
Little is known about the breeding biology. Males attract a mate with an advertising display in which it stands with its tail cocked up and throws its neck and head back towards its tail, up to 13 times, while making a gargling noise. Mated pairs recognise each other at the nest with gaping and head-lowering displays. During these the male makes a barking noise, but the female is almost silent, making only a soft puffing noise.
Breeding is seasonal, and the timing of laying can vary from colony to colony. Most Chatham shags lay between October and December, but the colonies on Te Whanga Lagoon breed three months earlier than other colonies. The nest is made of iceplant, grasses and other plants. Small nesting territories are defended from others of the species, and birds nesting in the centre of the colony have to run the gauntlet of biting to reach their nests as they pass other territories. Two to four eggs are laid; the eggs measure × and are matt pale blue with a chalky covering. The incubation time is not known but is thought to be around 30 days.
Conservation
The Chatham shag is threatened by a range of human activities and threats. The species is sensitive to disturbance at its breeding colonies, as nests are trampled by stampeding adults and nests are opportunistically raided by silver gulls after the eggs are unattended. At worst, entire colonies have been abandoned due to disturbance by people or stock. Colonies on the main islands are also vulnerable to introduced predators such as weka, feral cats and possums. It is considered critically endangered by the IUCN.
References
External links
Species factsheet – BirdLife International
Leucocarbo
Birds of the Chatham Islands
Critically endangered fauna of Oceania
Birds described in 1893
Taxa named by Henry Ogg Forbes
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Endemic birds of New Zealand
Tekeste Woldu (born 5 May 1945) is an Ethiopian former cyclist. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1945 births
Living people
Ethiopian male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Ethiopia
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Asmara
Diplolaena cinerea, is a species of flowering plant in the family Rutaceae and is endemic to the west coast of Western Australia. It has pale orange flowers, papery, elliptic shaped leaves that are covered in star-shaped hairs on the upper surface.
Description
Diplolaena cinerea is a bushy shrub to high. The leaves are soft, papery, elliptic shaped with flat edges, wedge shaped at the base, rounded at the apex, usually long on a short petiole long. The leaf upperside has soft, silky, short, star-shaped hairs and moderately soft, silky and velvety on lower surface. The flowers are about in diameter, the outer bracts oval, about long, soft, grey, sharp or tapering to a point. The inner bracts are narrowly egg-shaped, slightly longer than outer bracts and densely covered with short, matted, grey hairs. The petals are long with tiny woolly hairs on edges, the stamens about long, green to pale orange, soft, weak, and star-shaped hairs toward the base. Flowering occurs from July to September.
Taxonomy
This species was first formally described in 1998 by Paul G. Wilson and the description was published in the journal Nuytsia.
Distribution and habitat
Diplolaena cinerea grows mostly in woodlands on gravelly or sandy soils over laterite from Mount Peron to Dandaragan near the west coast of Western Australia.
References
Sapindales of Australia
Rosids of Western Australia
Taxa named by Paul G. Wilson
Zanthoxyloideae
A toponymic surname or topographic surname is a surname derived from a place name. This can include specific locations, such as the individual's place of origin, residence, or of lands that they held, or can be more generic, derived from topographic features.
Toponymic surnames originated as non-hereditary personal by-names, and only subsequently came to be family names. The origins of toponymic by-names have been attributed to two non-mutually exclusive trends. One was to link the nobility to their places of origin and their feudal holdings and provide a marker of their status, while the other relates to the growth of the burgher class in the cities, partly via migration from the countryside. In London in the 13th century, toponymic surnames came to predominate. Also linked to this process was the increased popularity of the names of saints, leading to a reduction in the pool of given names used and the need or personal desire for by-names to distinguish increasing numbers of like-named individuals.
Some forms originally included a preposition, such as at (ten in Dutch, zu in German), by, in, or of (de in French and Spanish, van in Dutch, von in German), subsequently dropped, as in "de Guzmán" (of Guzman) becoming simply Guzmán. While the disappearance of the preposition has been linked to toponymic by-names becoming inherited family names, it predates this trend. In England, this can be seen as early as the 11th century, and although there is some regional variation, a significant shift away from preposition usage can be seen to have occurred during the 14th century. In some cases, the preposition has coalesced into the name, such as Atwood (at wood) and Daubney (originating as de Albigni, from Saint-Martin-d'Aubigny). In the aristocratic societies of Europe, both nobiliary and non-nobiliary forms of toponymic surnames exist, and in some languages a degree of differentiation evolved in their treatment. For nobles, the preposition evolved into a nobiliary particle, and in French, for example, a trend evolved in which non-nobiliary forms tended to fuse the preposition whereas nobiliary forms retained it as the discrete particle, although this was never an invariable practice.
Issues such as local pronunciation can cause toponymic surnames to take a form that varies significantly from the toponym that gave rise to them. Examples include Wyndham, derived from Wymondham, Anster from Anstruther, and Badgerly from Badgworthy.
One must be cautious to interpret a surname as toponymic based on its spelling alone, without knowing its history. A notable example is the name of Jeanne d'Arc, which is not related to a place called Arc but instead is a distorted patronymic (see "Name of Joan of Arc"). Likewise, it has been suggested that a toponymic cannot be assumed to be a place of residence or origin: merchants could have adopted a toponymic by-name to associate themselves with a place where they never resided.
In Polish, a toponymic surname may be created by adding "(w)ski" or "cki" at the end. For example, Maliszewski is a toponymic surname associated with one of the places in Poland named Maliszew, Maliszewo, or Maliszów.
In anthroponymic terminology, toponymic surnames belong among topoanthroponyms (class of anthroponyms that are formed from toponyms).
See also
Nisba (onomastics)
Territorial designation
Toponymy
References
Further reading
David Hey, Family Names and Family History, 2006,
Surname
Sam Franklin may refer to:
Sam Franklin (soccer), American soccer player
Sam Franklin (American football) (born 1996), American football safety
Muhammad Arif Fadzilah bin Abu Bakar (born 20 April 1996) is a Malaysian professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Malaysia Super League club Terengganu.
International career
On 23 September 2021, Arif received his first call-up to the Malaysia national team, for central training and friendly matches against Jordan and Uzbekistan.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Malaysian footballers
People from Terengganu
Terengganu F.C. II players
Terengganu FC players
Malaysia Super League players
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Association football defenders
Otto C. "Jaybird" Ray (born May 19, 1893 in Lexington, Missouri - January 19, 1976 in Liberty, Missouri) was a Catcher and Outfielder in the Negro leagues. Monarchs teammate George Carr said of Ray during the White Sox Winter League that Ray could not only catch, but could also back up first base.
Under Sol White, Ray managed the Cleveland Browns in their only season in 1924.
Ray died in Liberty, Missouri at the age of 82. He is buried at the Fort Leavenworth National Cemetery in Leavenworth, Kansas.
References
External links
and Baseball-Reference Black Baseball stats and Seamheads
Chicago Giants players
Kansas City Monarchs players
Cleveland Browns (baseball) players
Cleveland Tate Stars players
St. Louis Stars (baseball) players
1893 births
1976 deaths
People from Lexington, Missouri
20th-century African-American sportspeople
Baseball catchers
Mjej I Gnuni (), was an Armenian nobleman from the Gnuni family, who served as the marzban of Persian Armenia from 518 to 548.
Between 515 and 516, several Hunnic tribes kept making incursions into Armenia. Mjej then decided to organize a counter-attack, where he managed to successfully repel them. As a reward, the Sassanian shah Kavadh I appointed him as the marzban of Armenia in 518. According to Samuel Anetsi: "after the patrician Vard Mamikonian, brother of Vahan, the Persian marzbans ruled Armenia for 11 years. The government of Armenia then passed to Mjej of the Gnuni family, who held it for thirty years". During this period, Mjej maintained religious peace. In 527, he repelled other Hunnic invasions. In 548, he was succeeded by Gushnasp Bahram.
Sources
Year of death unknown
Sasanian governors of Armenia
Year of birth unknown
6th-century Iranian people
6th-century Armenian people
Generals of Khosrow I
Generals of Kavad I
People of the Sasanian Empire of Armenian descent
Anne Robb (born 27 July 1959) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1976 Winter Olympics and in the 1980 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
British female alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Alpine skiers at the 1976 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Nielsen Norman Group (NN/g) is an American computer user interface and user experience consulting firm, founded in 1998 by Jakob Nielsen and Don Norman. Their work includes an analysis of the interface of Microsoft's Windows 8 operating system. They have done analyses of the user experience of mobile devices (including the iPad) and intranets. As of 2000, Bruce Tognazzini joined Nielsen Norman Group as a partner.
References
External links
Companies based in Fremont, California
1998 establishments in California
Consulting firms established in 1998
User interfaces
In data structures, the range mode query problem asks to build a data structure on some input data to efficiently answer queries asking for the mode of any consecutive subset of the input.
Problem statement
Given an array , we wish to answer queries of the form , where . The mode of any array is an element such that the frequency of is greater than or equal to the frequency of . For example, if , then because it occurs three times, while all other values occur fewer times. In this problem, the queries ask for the mode of subarrays of the form .
Theorem 1
Let and be any multisets. If is a mode of and , then is a mode of .
Proof
Let be a mode of and be its frequency in . Suppose that is not a mode of . Thus, there exists an element with frequency that is the mode of . Since is the mode of and that , then . Thus, should be the mode of which is a contradiction.
Results
Lower bound
Any data structure using cells of bits each needs time to answer a range mode query.
This contrasts with other range query problems, such as the range minimum query which have solutions offering constant time query time and linear space. This is due to the hardness of the mode problem, since even if we know the mode of and the mode of , there is no simple way of computing the mode of . Any element of or could be the mode. For example, if and its frequency is , and and its frequency is also , there could be an element with frequency in and frequency in . , but its frequency in is greater than the frequency of and , which makes a better candidate for than or .
Linear space data structure with square root query time
This method by Chan et al. uses space and query time. By setting , we get and bounds for space and query time.
Preprocessing
Let be an array, and be an array that contains the distinct values of A, where is the number of distinct elements. We define to be an array such that, for each , contains the rank (position) of in . Arrays can be created by a linear scan of .
Arrays are also created, such that, for each , . We then create an array , such that, for all , contains the rank of in . Again, a linear scan of suffices to create arrays and .
It is now possible to answer queries of the form "is the frequency of in at least " in constant time, by checking whether .
The array is split B into blocks , each of size . Thus, a block spans over . The mode and the frequency of each block or set of consecutive blocks will be pre-computed in two tables and . is the mode of , or equivalently, the mode of , and stores the corresponding frequency. These two tables can be stored in space, and can be populated in by scanning times, computing a row of each time with the following algorithm:
algorithm computeS_Sprime is
input: Array B = [0:n - 1],
Array D = [0:Delta - 1],
Integer s
output: Tables S and Sprime
let S ← Table(0:n - 1, 0:n - 1)
let Sprime ← Table(0:n - 1, 0:n - 1)
let firstOccurence ← Array(0:Delta - 1)
for all i in {0, ..., Delta - 1} do
firstOccurence[i] ← -1
end for
for i ← 0:s - 1 do
let j ← i × t
let c ← 0
let fc ← 0
let noBlock ← i
let block_start ← j
let block_end ← min{(i + 1) × t - 1, n - 1}
while j < n do
if firstOccurence[B[j]] = -1 then
firstOccurence[B[j]] ← j
end if
if atLeastQInstances(firstOccurence[B[j]], block_end, fc + 1) then
c ← B[j]
fc ← fc + 1
end if
if j = block_end then
S[i * s + noBlock] ← c
Sprime[i × s + noBlock] ← fc
noBlock ← noBlock + 1
block_end ← min{block_end + t, n - 1}
end if
end while
for all j in {0, ..., Delta - 1} do
firstOccurence[j] ← -1
end for
end for
Query
We will define the query algorithm over array . This can be translated to an answer over , since for any , is a mode for if and only if is a mode for . We can convert an answer for to an answer for in constant time by looking in or at the corresponding index.
Given a query , the query is split in three parts: the prefix, the span and the suffix. Let and . These denote the indices of the first and last block that are completely contained in . The range of these blocks is called the span. The prefix is then (the set of indices before the span), and the suffix is (the set of indices after the span). The prefix, suffix or span can be empty, the latter is if .
For the span, the mode is already stored in . Let be the frequency of the mode, which is stored in . If the span is empty, let . Recall that, by Theorem 1, the mode of is either an element of the prefix, span or suffix. A linear scan is performed over each element in the prefix and in the suffix to check if its frequency is greater than the current candidate , in which case and are updated to the new value. At the end of the scan, contains the mode of and its frequency.
Scanning procedure
The procedure is similar for both prefix and suffix, so it suffices to run this procedure for both:
Let be the index of the current element. There are three cases:
If , then it was present in and its frequency has already been counted. Pass to the next element.
Otherwise, check if the frequency of in is at least (this can be done in constant time since it is the equivalent of checking it for ).
If it is not, then pass to the next element.
If it is, then compute the actual frequency of in by a linear scan (starting at index ) or a binary search in . Set and .
This linear scan (excluding the frequency computations) is bounded by the block size , since neither the prefix nor the suffix can be greater than . A further analysis of the linear scans done for frequency computations shows that it is also bounded by the block size. Thus, the query time is .
Subquadratic space data structure with constant query time
This method by uses space for a constant time query. We can observe that, if a constant query time is desired, this is a better solution than the one proposed by Chan et al., as the latter gives a space of for constant query time if .
Preprocessing
Let be an array. The preprocessing is done in three steps:
Split the array in blocks , where the size of each block is . Build a table of size where is the mode of . The total space for this step is
For any query , let be the block that contains and be the block that contains . Let the span be the set of blocks completely contained in . The mode of the block can be retrieved from . By Theorem 1, the mode can be either an element of the prefix (indices of before the start of the span), an element of the suffix (indices of after the end of the span), or . The size of the prefix plus the size of the suffix is bounded by , thus the position of the mode isstored as an integer ranging from to , where indicates a position in the prefix/suffix and indicates that the mode is the mode of the span. There are possible queries involving blocks and , so these values are stored in a table of size . Furthermore, there are such tables, so the total space required for this step is . To access those tables, a pointer is added in addition to the mode in the table for each pair of blocks.
To handle queries where and are in the same block, all such solutions are precomputed. There are of them, they are stored in a three dimensional table of this size.
The total space used by this data structure is , which reduces to if we take .
Query
Given a query , check if it is completely contained inside a block, in which case the answer is stored in table . If the query spans exactly one or more blocks, then the answer is found in table . Otherwise, use the pointer stored in table at position , where are the indices of the blocks that contain respectively and , to find the table that contains the positions of the mode for these blocks and use the position to find the mode in . This can be done in constant time.
References
Arrays
Moon Over Hellesta or Clouds Over Hellesta (Swedish: Moln över Hellesta) is a 1956 Swedish thriller film directed by Rolf Husberg and starring Anita Björk, Birger Malmsten and Doris Svedlund. It is an adaptation of the 1954 novel Clouds Over Hellesta by Margit Söderholm.
It was shot at the Centrumateljéerna Studios in Stockholm. The film's sets were designed by the art director Nils Nilsson. Location shooting took place at the Danbyholm manor house near Katrineholm.
Synopsis
A newly-engaged young woman travels to her future husband's country estate Hallesta, but becomes concerned about the manner in which his previous wife died.
Main cast
Anita Björk as Margareta Snellman
Birger Malmsten as Carl Anckarberg
Doris Svedlund as Eva Anckarberg
Isa Quensel as Emmy Anckarberg
Olof Sandborg as Gustafsson
Brita Öberg as Annie Gustafsson
Dora Söderberg as Agnes
Sif Ruud as Ulla Forsberg
Liane Linden as Louise Holmqvist
Birgitta Andersson as Sonja Elbegaard
Bengt Eklund as Valter Holmqvist
Erik 'Bullen' Berglund as Maj. Claes Bång
References
Bibliography
Alfred Krawc. International Directory of Cinematographers, Set- and Costume Designers in Film: Denmark, Finland, Norway, Sweden (from the beginnings to 1984). Saur, 1986.
Per Olov Qvist & Peter von Bagh. Guide to the Cinema of Sweden and Finland. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2000.
External links
1956 films
1950s thriller films
Swedish thriller films
1950s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Rolf Husberg
Films based on Swedish novels
1950s Swedish films
Alejandro Javier Rabell (born November 12, 2001) is a Puerto Rican international footballer who currently plays for NJIT Highlanders in the NCAA D1 and the Puerto Rico national football team.
Career
Rabell has played club soccer in Puerto Rico and also in the United States and Spain. He has played for The Baldwin School of Puerto Rico were he also studied. He also played for Lonestar SC of the U.S. Soccer Development Academy before moving to Barcelona where he played for Marcet where he faced teams such as Sevilla FC and Mallorca.
He made his senior debut with Bayamón FC in 2016, but played full time in the 2018-19 season where he managed to score 19 goals in the Liga Puerto Rico and 4 in the Copa Luis Villarejo for a total of 23 goals..
He joined NCAA D1 side NJIT Highlanders where he scored a goal and assisted on his debut.
International
In 2016 Rabell was called up to the Puerto Rico U17 national team where he earned 3 caps playing the first round of the World Cup Qualifiers. In 2018, Rabell trained with both Senior and U20 national teams. He played 5 games with Puerto Rico U20 at the 2018 Concacaf Championship at IMG Academy where he also scored 3 goals.
In November 16, 2018, Rabell made his debut with the Puerto Rico national football team where he started in the match against Belize in the CONCACAF Nations League qualifying.
In February 2020, he was called up for his second time with the Puerto Rico U-20 national football team for the first round of World Cup Qualification.
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Puerto Rican footballers
Puerto Rico international footballers
Bayamón FC players
NJIT Highlanders men's soccer players
Association football midfielders
Puerto Rico youth international footballers
Vegetation Island () is a narrow island lying 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) north of Inexpressible Island and just west of the Northern Foothills, along the coast of Victoria Land. It was discovered by the Northern Party of the British Antarctic Expedition, 1910–13, who named it because the rocks were densely covered with lichens.
See also
List of antarctic and sub-antarctic islands
Islands of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Maarten Allard Hajer (born 8 August 1962) is a Dutch political scientist and regional planner. Since 1 October 2015, Hajer has been Faculty Professor of Urban Futures at Utrecht University, where he leads the Urban Futures Studio.
He was a Professor of Public Policy at the University of Amsterdam between 1998 and 2015 and Director of the Netherlands Environmental Assessment Agency (PBL) from 1 October 2008 to 1 October 2015. In September 2014, Hajer was appointed the Chief Curator of IABR–2016–THE NEXT ECONOMY, the 7th edition of the International Architecture Biennale Rotterdam.
Career
Hajer obtained his PhD in politics from Oxford University. In the early 1990s, he was employed by the University of Leiden as researcher at the Centre for Law and Public Policy. Between 1993 and 1996, he was a member of the scientific staff at the Ludwig-Maximilians University of Munich, working with sociologist Ulrich Beck. Following that, he became senior researcher at the Dutch Scientific Council for Government Policy (WRR), where he was project coordinator of a report on spatial development politics.
Besides being a scientist, Hajer has held a number of public appointments. As a member of the VROM-raad (the VROM-council of the Dutch Ministry of Housing, Spatial Planning and the Environment ) he was responsible for the advisory document on climate change as a structural spatial issue De Hype voorbij – klimaatverandering als structureel ruimtelijk vraagstuk (VROM-raad advice 060, 2007). In addition, he was a member of a programme committee on the Dutch Labour Party's manifesto (led by Willem Witteveen). Furthermore, Hajer was a columnist for the Dutch newspapers Het Parool and Staatscourant, and served as member of the jury for the Spinoza Prize, the Dutch EO Weijers competition for landscape architecture, and for EUROPAN 9, the European award for young architects.
Works
Author
Smart about Cities: Visualising the Challenge for 21st Century Urbanism, with Ton Dassen. nai010/pbl publishers (2014),
Authoritative Governance: Policy Making in the Age of Mediatization. Oxford (2011)
In search of the New Public Domain, with Arnold Reijndorp. NAi (2002)
The Politics of Environmental Discourse. Oxford (1995)
Editor
Deliberative Policy Analysis – Understanding Governance in the Network Society, with Henk Wagenaar. Cambridge (2003)
Living with Nature, with Frank Fischer. Oxford (1999)
References
1962 births
Living people
Dutch political scientists
University of Amsterdam alumni
University of Amsterdam faculty
People from Groningen (city)
It's So Hard to Tell Who's Going to Love You the Best is the debut album by American folk blues musician Karen Dalton, originally released in 1969 by Capitol Records (see 1969 in music).
The album was subsequently reissued on CD by the Koch label in 1997. Extended liner notes were written by Peter Stampfel of the Holy Modal Rounders, who writes:
In 1999, Megaphone issued the album again, this time with new packaging, a new booklet and a DVD with archival footage.
In 2009, Light In The Attic Records, once again, reissued the album on vinyl with new packaging and liner notes.
Track listing
"Little Bit of Rain" (Fred Neil) – 2:30
"Sweet Substitute" (Jelly Roll Morton) – 2:40
"Ribbon Bow" (Traditional; adapted by Karen Dalton) – 2:55
"I Love You More Than Words Can Say" (Eddie Floyd, Booker T. Jones) – 3:30
"In the Evening (It's So Hard to Tell Who's Going to Love You the Best)" (Leroy Carr) – 4:29
"Blues on the Ceiling" (Fred Neil) – 3:30
"It Hurts Me Too" (Mel London) – 3:05
"How Did the Feeling Feel to You" (Tim Hardin) – 2:52
"Right, Wrong or Ready" (Major Wiley) – 2:58
"Down on the Street (Don't You Follow Me Down)" (Lead Belly) – 2:17
Personnel
Karen Dalton - 12-string guitar, banjo, vocals
Kim King - electric guitar
Dan Hankin - acoustic guitar
Harvey Brooks - bass
Gary Chester - percussion
Technical
Lillian Douma, Sandy Fisher - engineers
Joel Brodsky - photography
References
Karen Dalton (singer) albums
1969 debut albums
Capitol Records albums
E1 Music albums
Albums produced by Nick Venet
Albums with cover art by Joel Brodsky
Başkuyu is a village in the Yeşilova district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Yeşilova District
Van Rocks are very conspicuous pinnacle rocks lying close west of Cape James, Smith Island, in the South Shetland Islands. They were roughly shown as a small island on a chart resulting from a British expedition under Foster, 1828–31, and then more accurately delineated by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1959 from air photos taken by the Falkland Islands and Dependencies Aerial Survey Expedition (FIDASE), 1955–57. They were named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) because they mark the first or westernmost of the South Shetland Islands.
Maps
Chart of South Shetland including Coronation Island, &c. from the exploration of the sloop Dove in the years 1821 and 1822 by George Powell Commander of the same. Scale ca. 1:200000. London: Laurie, 1822.
L.L. Ivanov. Antarctica: Livingston Island and Greenwich, Robert, Snow and Smith Islands. Scale 1:120000 topographic map. Troyan: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2010. (First edition 2009. )
South Shetland Islands: Smith and Low Islands. Scale 1:150000 topographic map No. 13677. British Antarctic Survey, 2009.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
L.L. Ivanov. Antarctica: Livingston Island and Smith Island. Scale 1:100000 topographic map. Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2017.
References
Rock formations of Antarctica
"Big Time" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music duo Big & Rich. It was released in February 2005 as the fourth and final single from their album Horse of a Different Color. The song was written by Big Kenny, John Rich and Angie Aparo.
Content
The characters in the song are presumably a band performing a gig at a bar, singing toward a wealthier patron. They thank him for his generosity in providing various items that can be used by others, such as boats and planes. They ask, however, that he be generous when tipping for their performance. Whether or not they receive any money from him, however, they are in the "big time," relative to some in their current status.
Music video
The video is set in and around Deadwood, South Dakota. At the start of the song, Kenny Alphin and John Rich are shown riding horses. They then are shown singing and playing guitar while sitting at the Moonshine Gulch Saloon in Rochford, South Dakota. A man in a cowboy hat walks in and they ask him for tip money; he refuses and walks on. They then perform a concert outside. It premiered in the week of April 25, 2005.
Personnel
From Horse of a Different Color liner notes.
Big Kenny - vocals
Mike Johnson - steel guitar
Wayne Killius - drums
John Rich - vocals, acoustic guitar
Michael Rojas - keyboards
Adam Shoenfeld - electric guitar
Jonathan Yudkin - fiddle
Chart positions
"Big Time" debuted at number 52 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of February 19, 2005.
References
2005 singles
Big & Rich songs
Songs written by Big Kenny
Songs written by John Rich
Songs written by Angie Aparo
Song recordings produced by Paul Worley
Song recordings produced by John Rich
Music videos directed by Deaton-Flanigen Productions
Warner Records singles
2004 songs
Homestead is a disused railway station located in Homestead, Pennsylvania. The station was built in 1906 by the Pennsylvania Railroad. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 26, 1985, as the Homestead Pennsylvania Railroad Station.
Currently, the station is used by Allegheny County District Attorney's Office as its Regional Support and Training Center at the Waterfront.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
References
External links
Homestead Train Whistle Ringtone, Locally Toned
Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1906
Transportation buildings and structures in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
Former Pennsylvania Railroad stations
Homestead, Pennsylvania
National Register of Historic Places in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
Former railway stations in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
1906 establishments in Pennsylvania
The 1934 Colgate football team was an American football team that represented Colgate University as an independent during the 1934 college football season. In its sixth season under head coach Andrew Kerr, Colgate compiled a 7–1 record and outscored opponents by a total of 188 to 38.
Schedule
References
Colgate
Colgate Raiders football seasons
Colgate Red Raiders football
Cumann na Saoirse (The League for Freedom) was an Irish republican women's organisation formed in Dublin in 1922, following a split in Cumann na mBan.
History
On 7 January 1922 the Anglo-Irish Treaty was approved by the Second Dáil by a close vote of 64–57. On 5 February a convention was held to discuss this, and 419 Cumann na mBan members voted against as opposed to 63 in favour. The Pro-Treaty women, headed by Jennie Wyse Power set up Cumann na Saoirse to replace Cumann na mBan in March 1922. Some of those who supported the Treaty changed the name of their branches to Cumann na Saoirse, while others retained their name but gave allegiance to the Free State Government.
By July 1923, the Irish Civil War having ended, the organisation was ready to dissolve itself. It enquired to Richard Mulcahy about transferring membership to an Irish Red Cross, but no such society was set up until 1939.
References
Sources
Boylan, Henry, (ed.), A Dictionary of Irish Biography (Dublin 1999).
Ward, Margaret, 'Marginality and Militancy: Cumann na mBan, 1914-1936', in Austen Morgan and Bob Purdie (eds.), Ireland: Divided Nation, Divided Class (London 1980).
External links
Cumann na mBan
Women's organisations based in Ireland
Women's wings of political parties
1922 establishments in Ireland
Organizations established in 1922
1923 disestablishments in Ireland
Organizations disestablished in 1923
Carlos "Charly" Javier Galosi (born June 1, 1975) is an Argentine ski mountaineer and mountain climber
Galosi was born and lives in San Carlos de Bariloche. He studied at National University of Comahue.
Selected results
2005: 2nd, South American Championship, individual
2009: 2nd, South American Championship, individual
References
1975 births
Living people
People from Bariloche
Argentine male ski mountaineers
Argentine mountain climbers
American summiters of Mount Everest
National University of Comahue alumni
Hypericum somaliense is a species of flowering plant of the St. John's wort family (Hypericaceae) that is found in Somalia.
Taxonomy
The placement of H. somaliense within Hypericum can be summarized as follows:
Hypericum
Hypericum subg. Hypericum
Hypericum sect. Adenosepalum
subsect. Adenosepalum
subsect. Aethiopica
Huber-Morathii group
subsect. Caprifolia
H. caprifolium
H. coadunatum
H. collenetteae
H. naudinianum
H. psilophytum
H. pubescens
H. scruglii
H. sinaicum
H. somaliense
H. tomentosum
References
somaliense
Alessandro Renica (born 15 September 1962 in Anneville-sur-Mer, France) is a retired French born-Italian professional football player and former manager of Trissino. A former defender, he often played as either a sweeper or out of position as a full-back on occasion, and is mainly known for his time with Italian side Napoli, where he won several titles.
Playing career
Throughout his career, Renica played for L.R. Vicenza (1979–1982), Sampdoria (1982–1985), and Napoli (1985–1991), where he made a name for himself as key player in the club's starting line-up, winning several titles, before ending his career with Verona (1991–1993).
Style of play
A left-footed defender, Renica usually played as a sweeper, and was known for his vision, tactical sense, powerful left–foot, and his ability in the air, as well as leadership, correct behaviour, and honesty as a player.
Honours
L.R. Vicenza
Coppa Italia Serie C: 1981–82
Sampdoria
Coppa Italia winner: 1984–85.
Napoli
Serie A champion: 1986–87, 1989–90.
Coppa Italia winner: 1986–87.
Supercoppa Italiana winner: 1990.
UEFA Cup winner: 1988–89.
References
External links
Official FIGC Profile
Alessandro Renica at Footballdatabase
1962 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Manche
Italian footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
Serie A players
L.R. Vicenza players
U.C. Sampdoria players
S.S.C. Napoli players
Hellas Verona F.C. players
Italian football managers
UEFA Cup winning players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Normandy
Footballers from Veneto
Carmichaelia nana is a species of plant in the family Fabaceae. It is found in both the North and South Islands of New Zealand. Its conservation status in 2013 was assessed as "At Risk (declinining)" under the New Zealand Threat Classification System, but in 2018 its risk under the same system became "Threatened-Nationally Vulnerable".
Description
Carmichaelia nana is a dwarf, spreading shrub growing in a dense mat from 20 to 60 mm high and 0.5 m wide.
Taxonomy
The species was first described by George Bentham as C. australis var. β nana. It was raised to species level by William Colenso in 1864 in Joseph Dalton Hooker's "Handbook of New Zealand Flora". The species epithet, nana, is a Latin adjective meaning "diminutive" or "dwarfed".
Habitat
It is found from both lowland to alpine habitats in alluvial river beds, terraces, and moraines.
References
External links
Carmichaelia nana occurrence data from Australasian Virtual Herbarium
nana
Flora of New Zealand
Taxa named by Joseph Dalton Hooker
Plants described in 1880
Lieutenant General Shri Krishna Singh, PVSM, UYSM, AVSM is a retired Indian Army General. He served as the Vice Chief of the Army Staff of the Indian Army from 2011 to 2013.
Career
Singh was commissioned shortly after the Indo-Pakistan War of 1971, into 8 Gorkha Rifles. He later joined the Parachute Regiment, and served in combat during counter-insurgency operations in Nagaland and Manipur, and in the Indian Peace Keeping Force (IPKF) in the Sri Lankan Civil War.
Singh commanded a brigade in the Siachen Glacier, the 16th Infantry Division on the Line of Control and the strike corps XIV Corps. As a Major General, he also headed the Indian Military Training Team in Bhutan. After his promotion to Army Commander grade, he commanded the Army Training Command (ARTRAC), and South Western Command, before taking up the post of Vice Chief.
Singh served as Vice Chief of Army Staff, the second-most senior position in the Army, from November 2011 to his retirement in December 2013.
Honours and decorations
References
Indian generals
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Vice Chiefs of Army Staff (India)
Recipients of the Param Vishisht Seva Medal
Recipients of the Uttam Yudh Seva Medal
Recipients of the Ati Vishisht Seva Medal
Brendan James Garard (born 6 December 1971 in Brisbane, Queensland) is a former field hockey player from Australia, who was a member of the Men's National Hockey Team that won the bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. He is the husband of international Ironman Triathlete Melissa Ashton.
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
Australian male field hockey players
Olympic field hockey players of Australia
Field hockey players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Australia
Sportspeople from Brisbane
Olympic medalists in field hockey
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Ringgold Knoll () is a mountain 9 nautical miles (17 km) south of Archer Point on the east side of Matusevich Glacier. On January 16, 1840, Lieutenant-Commandant Cadwalader Ringgold on the Porpoise, one of the ships of the United States Exploring Expedition (1838–42) under Wilkes, sighted a large dark mountain in this direction. It was named Ringgold's Knoll on the chart by Wilkes. In 1959 Phillip Law of ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) made an investigation of features in the area. It was not possible to identify the feature sighted by Ringgold, but this mountain is in proper relationship to nearby Reynolds Peak and Eld Peak as indicated on Wilkes' chart. It was selected by Law of ANARE to perpetuate Wilkes' naming.
Mountains of Oates Land
The golden-naped woodpecker (Melanerpes chrysauchen) is a species of bird in the woodpecker family Picidae. The species is very closely related to the beautiful woodpecker, which is sometimes treated as the same species. The two species, along with several other species, are sometimes placed in the genus Tripsurus.
It is found in Costa Rica and western Panama, where it is found on the Pacific slopes of those countries. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest. The International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as "least concern".
Description
The golden-naped woodpecker grows to a length of about . It is similar in appearance to the beautiful woodpecker but their ranges do not overlap. The sexes are similar apart from the male having a yellow fore-crown and a red central-crown, while the whole crown of the female is yellow except for a narrow central transverse black band. Both sexes have a yellow nape, and a black mask surrounding the eyes and running to the nape. There is a small white patch behind the eye. The lores, cheeks, chin, throat and breast are pale yellow, buff or grey. The lower breast, belly and flanks are barred in black and white, and there is a red patch on mid-belly. The mantle is mainly black and the wings brownish, with the tips of the flight feathers white. The back and rump are mainly white, sometimes blotched with black, and the tail is black with white barring on the outer feathers. The iris is brown, the beak is greyish-black and the legs are greyish-olive.
Distribution and habitat
Endemic to Central America, the golden-naped woodpecker is restricted to the Pacific slopes of southwestern Costa Rica and western Panama, at altitudes ranging from sea level to about . It is a forest species found in primary humid rainforest, especially open areas with tall trees, woodland edges, secondary forests and plantations and degraded areas in close proximity to natural forest. It is a non-migratory species.
Ecology
The diet of the golden-naped woodpecker consists largely of fruit, including dates, bananas, figs and Cecropia fruits. The bird also forages on tree trunks for insects such as beetle larvae, and particularly at dusk, sallies high in the air to catch winged termites and other flying insects. The nest is made in a hole in a tree. The breeding season is between March and June, and occasionally there may be two broods in the season.
Status
No particular threats have been identified for this woodpecker, and in the absence of evidence to the contrary, the population is thought to be steady. Although it has a restricted range, it is a common bird within that range, being estimated to have a total area of occupation of . The International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
References
Further reading
golden-naped woodpecker
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
golden-naped woodpecker
golden-naped woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
"Attention" is a bugle call sounded as a warning that troops are about to be called to attention.
"Attention" was also used for custom automobile horns in the 1930s and 1940s, and is most recognizable for that reason.
References
Bugle calls
HMS Melampus was a Royal Navy fifth-rate frigate that served during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars. She captured numerous prizes before the British sold her to the Royal Netherlands Navy in 1815. With the Dutch, she participated in a major action at Algiers and, then, in a number of colonial punitive expeditions in the Dutch East Indies.
Design and construction
The Admiralty ordered Melampus from James Martin Hillhouse, of Bristol on 17 April 1782 as a 38-gun fifth rate. After she had been laid down in December 1782, the Admiralty reduced her armament to 36 guns on 11 January 1783, as captains of earlier 38-gun frigates had complained that the extra guns made the upper gundeck too cramped. Melampus was launched on 8 June 1785, and fitted between 3 July and 8 September 1785 for ordinary at Plymouth. She was again fitted between May and 2 July 1790 for Channel service. She had cost £20,785 13s 0d to build, with a further £2,985 being spent in 1790 for fitting out.
Early service
Her first captain following her May 1790 commissioning was Charles M. Pole. Melampus was paid off again in November 1790, but by 1793 she had been moved to Plymouth, where she was refitted between March and June for £4,726.
French Revolutionary Wars
She recommissioned in April 1793 under the command of Isaac Coffin, and by April the following year she was under Captain Thomas Wells, serving in Sir John Borlase Warren's squadron. During this time Melampus participated in the action of 23 April 1794, during which the British took three vessels, , , and . Melampus had five men killed and five wounded.
She came under the command of Sir Richard Strachan in September 1794 and was recommissioned in April 1795. She was part of Strachan's force that attacked and destroyed a French convoy in Cartaret Bay on 9 May 1795. The British squadron spotted a convoy of 13 vessels and immediately gave chase. Twelve of the quarry escaped and got close to the shore where a small shore battery, their own armed escorts, and a brig and a lugger offered some protection. Strachan sent in the boats from the vessels in his squadron while Melampus and the ships provided covering fire. The French crews abandoned their vessels at the approach of the British and eventually the shore battery also stopped firing. The cutting out party retrieved all the vessels, save a small sloop, which was hard ashore and which they burnt. Melampus had eight men wounded and in all the British lost one man killed and 14 wounded. They captured a gun brig and a gun lugger, each armed with three 18-pounder guns. They also captured the convoy, which consisted of: Prosperitte (80 tons and carrying cordage), Montagne (200 tons and carrying timber, lead and tin plates), Catharine (200 tons and carrying ship timber), Hyrondelle (220 tons and carrying ship timber and pitch), Contente (250 tons, carrying powder), Nymphe (120 tons carrying fire wood), Bonne-Union (150 tons), Fantazie (45 tons carrying coals), Alexandre (397 and carrying ship timber, cordage, hemp and cannon), and Petit Neptune (113 tons and carrying ship timber). A later prize money report added the names of the escorts, the gun-brig Crachefeu and the gun-lugger Eclair, both of which the Royal Navy took into service under their existing names.
On 3 July 1795 Melampus and intercepted a convoy of 13 vessels off St Malo. Melampus captured an armed brig and Hebe captured six merchant vessels: Maria Louisa, Abeille. Bon Foi,
Patrouille, Eleonore, and Pecheur. The brig of war was armed with four 24-pounders and had a crew of 60 men. Later she was identified as the 4-gun Vésuve. The convoy had been on its way from Île-de-Bréhat to Brest. , and the cutter shared in the prize and head money. The Royal Navy took Vésuve into service as .
Melampus came under the command of Captain Graham Moore in August 1796. On 13 November she and Minerva drove a French navy corvette ashore near Barfleur. However the British were not able to get close enough to assure her destruction. Then Melampus and captured another corvette, the Etna. Etna was armed with eighteen 12-pounder guns and had a crew of 137 men under the command of Citizen Joseph La Coudrais. The prisoners stated that both corvettes were carrying military and naval stores and that the corvette that had run ashore was the Etonnant, of eighteen 18-pounder guns. Both were new ships on their first cruise. The Royal Navy took Etna into service as the 20-gun post ship HMS Cormorant.
Melampus was also active in operations against French privateers. On 5 October 1797 she captured the French privateer lugger Rayon off the Casquets after a chase of four hours. Rayon was armed with six carriage guns and eight coehorns, and had a crew of 54 men under the command of Jean Baptiste Leonard Gosselin. She had sailed from Cherburg ten hours earlier intending to cruise between the Lizard and Cape Clear for six weeks.
Melampus was in company with when they captured the Belliqueux, off the Irish coast on 16 January 1798. She was originally a corvette, but was now a privateer. Belliqueux was pierced for 20 cannon but was armed with fourteen 8-pounder guns and four carronades, and had a crew of 120 men. She was out of St. Malo, and on 11 January had captured His Majesty's packet Prince Ernest, which had been sailing from Tortola. The captain of the packet and all but four of her crew were on board Belliqueux.
A few days later, on 23 January, Melampus captured the Volage, after a short, intense engagement. She was a corvette that the French navy had lent to merchants. She was armed with twenty 9-pounder guns and two 18-pounders, and had a crew of 195 men under the command of Citizen Delageneaux, a capitaine de frégate. In the engagement Melampus had two men mortally wounded and three men dangerously wounded; Volage had four men killed and eight wounded. Volage was three weeks out of Nantes, provisioned for a three-month cruise. By the time of her capture, Volage had herself only captured an American ship and destroyed an English brig sailing from Belfast to Lisbon with coal. The Captain and all the officers on Volage were officers in the French navy, but on a three-month leave.
Melampus was present at the Battle of Tory Island in October that year, fighting in the main action and then subsequently capturing the in a night action two days later. Together with she captured the 32-gun frigate which the Royal Navy took into service as HMS Proserpine.
On 26 February 1799 Melampus captured the French privateer Mercure, which the Admiralty took into service as . Mercure was armed with 16 guns and had a crew of 103 men. She was from Saint Malo and was returning to her home port after having had a successful cruise in the Channel. She was under the command of Captain Jacques Dupuy-Fromy.
On 14 April Melampus pursued another French privateer for 25 hours before she was able to capture her quarry. The privateer was the brig Papillon, which was armed with ten 9-pounder guns and four 36-pounder obusiers and had a crew of 123 men.
On 18 April Melampus was in pursuit of a privateer when the privateer capsized and sank before Melampus could reach her. The captain of Papillon stated that the privateer was the Nantois, of fourteen 6 and 12-pounder guns, and a crew of 150 men. Furthermore, she had on board the master and part of the crew of the brig Echo, which she had captured earlier.
Melampus was then assigned to the Caribbean, sailing for Jamaica in March 1800. On 2 June, Melampus, in company with , captured the French letter of marque Volant, of 140 tons, armed with eight guns, and having a crew of 49 men. She was sailing from Vera Cruz to the Havannah. Melampus also captured Hannibal on 23 July.
On 1 October Melampus, Juno, and Retribution were in company when they captured the Aquila. Thereafter she came under the command of Captain Thomas Le Marchant Gosselin in November 1801 before being paid off in June 1802.
Lastly, Melampus captured Amistad (29 December) and Falcon Corunnes (30 December).
Napoleonic Wars
Melampus returned to England, and underwent a large repair at Deptford between August 1803 and October 1804. She was recommissioned in August 1804 under the command of Captain Stephen Poyntz, and commenced cruises off the French coast.
Between 12 and 14 February 1805, Melampus was in company with cutter , and the hired armed cutters Frisk and Rhoda. At this time 27 French gunvessels were sailing from Bordeaux to Brest. Melampus succeeded in capturing two gunbrigs carrying two 24-pounder guns and one 18-pounder gun each, with a complement of 50 men each, primarily soldiers. Melampus also captured four luggers, each armed with one 18-pounder gun, and with complements of 25 men, mostly soldiers. The gunvessels Melampus captured were N°s 169, 174, 277, 286, 287, and 311. Frisk succeeded in capturing Gunvessel n° 288, armed with one 24-pounder gun, and with a complement of 25 men (20 being troops from the 44th Regiment), all under the command of enseigne de vaisseaux P. Roox. Rhoda succeeded in capturing the lugger Gunvessel n °313, armed with one 24-pounder gun, and with a complement of 22 men (18 of them soldiers), under the command of enseigne auxiliaire Frederick Widsmann. The gunvessel had had one man killed.
On 25 June Loire had been chasing a French frigate privateer for some twelve hours when Melampus and came up and cut-off the quarry, forcing her to surrender. She was the Valiant (or , of Bordeaux. She was armed with twenty-four 18-pounder guns on her main deck and six 6-pounders, which she threw overboard while Loire was pursuing her. She had a crew of 240 men. She had been out for 20 days on a four-month cruise but had only captured the Halifax packet Lord Charles Spencer.
On 13 July 1805 she captured the Spanish privateer Hydra at sea. Hydra was pierced for 30 cannons and carried twenty-two 9-pounder guns on her main deck, and six 6-pounders on her quarterdeck. She had a crew of 192 men, and she lost three men killed and several men wounded before she struck. Melampus captured her on the 17th day of a four-month cruise and she had not yet captured any British vessels.
One week later Melampus recaptured Barzilla, which the French privateer had captured about a week earlier. Melampus shared the salvage money with .
Melampus was present, whilst serving as part of a squadron under her old commander Sir Richard Strachan, at the destruction of the 74-gun on 14 September 1806.
In September 1807 Captain Edward Hawker took over command, sailing her to North America in 1808. He then took her to the Leeward Islands in 1809.
On 16 January 1809 Melampus captured the French navy brig Colibri off Barbuda, after her captain had the "temerity" to put up a fight as Melampus was sailing alongside. She was armed with fourteen 24-pounder carronades and two 8-pounder guns, had a crew of 92 men, under the command of Mons. Deslandes, Lieutenant de vaisseau. In the engagement, Colibri had three men killed and 11 wounded before she struck. She was a new vessel and was sailing from Cherburg with a cargo of 570 barrels of flour and a great quantity of gunpowder intended for the relief of to San Domingo. On her way she had captured and sunk two British brigs that had been sailing from Newfoundland to Lisbon, the Hannibal and the Priscilla, both of Dartmouth. The Royal Navy took her into service as .
On 14 December Melampus captured the French brig corvette Bearnais after pursuing her for 28 hours. Bearnais was armed with sixteen 24-pounder carronades and had a crew of 109 men (including 30 soldiers), under the command of Monsieur Montbazen, Lieutenant de vaisseau. She fought before striking with the result that she had one man killed and some men wounded, and she wounded two men on Melampus. Bearnais was a new vessel and was sailing from Bayonne to Guadeloupe with a cargo of flour and military stores, some of which she had thrown overboard during the pursuit. The Royal Navy took her into service as .
Between January and February 1810, Melampus was involved in the capture of Guadeloupe. In 1847 the Admiralty awarded the Naval General Service Medal with clasp "Guadaloupe" to all surviving claimants from the campaign.
Melampus was in company with the sloop when they captured a French corvette brig letter of marque on 28 May. The vessel was the Fantôme, of 300 tons burthen (bm), pierced for 20 heavy carronades, and with a crew of 74 men. She had made three captures before being captured herself. The Royal Navy took her into service under her existing name.
Transfer
Melampus returned to Britain, and by December 1812 was under repair at Isaac Blackburn's yards, at Turnchapel. Work was completed by March 1814, and she was again fitted for sea, between April 1814 and May 1815 at Plymouth Dockyard. She was then sold to the Dutch government in June 1815 for the sum of £35,364.
HNLMS Melampus
On 27 August 1816 Melampus was the flagship of the Dutch squadron under Vice-Admiral Baron T.F. van de Capellen that joined a British fleet under the command of Admiral Lord Exmouth in the bombardment of Algiers. Her captain was Antony-Willem De-Man. In the action Melampus lost three men killed and 15 wounded. In 1847 the Admiralty awarded the Naval General Service Medal with clasp "Algiers" to the 1328 surviving British claimants from the action.
The bombardment was an attempt by Britain to end the slavery practices of the Dey of Algiers. The Anglo-Dutch fleet bombarded ships and the harbour defences of Algiers.
By 1822 Melampus was in the Dutch East Indies. In that year she led a squadron of five transports and 24 local vessels carrying Dutch marines and local auxiliaries in a punitive expedition against the Iranun of Sulawesi.
Notes, citations, and references
Notes
Citations
References
External links
Frigates of the Royal Navy
1785 ships
GDF may refer to:
Civic Democratic Forum (Građanski demokratski forum), a political party in Serbia
Gaz de France, a defunct French energy company
General Data Format for Biomedical Signals
Geographic Data Files
Geological disposal facility
Glasnost Defense Foundation, a Russian human rights organization
Global Development Finance, an economic database
Growth differentiation factor
Guardia di Finanza, an Italian law enforcement agency
Guduf-Gava language
Guyana Defence Force
Oscar Straus Schafer is an investment banker, philanthropist and Chairman emeritus of the New York Philharmonic. He is the chairman of Rivulet Capital, which he established in 2012. Prior to that he operated O.S.S. Capital Management from 2001 and was a member of Cumberland Associates from 1982 to 2001 and partner at Steinhardt, Fine, Berkowitz & Company from 1970 to 1982.
Schafer received his bachelor's and master's degrees from Harvard in 1961 and 1964, respectively. Schafer joined the Phil's Board of Directors in 2007 and was named Chairman in December 2014 after serving as chair of a Board committee. Together with his wife Didi, Schafer gave the largest individual gift in the Philharmonic's history, twenty five million dollars in 2015, under which they also sponsor the orchestra's annual summer parks' concert series.
Schafer's grandfather was Oscar Straus, Theodore Roosevelt's Secretary of Commerce and Labor.
References
Harvard Business School alumni
Harvard College alumni
New York Philharmonic
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Privatbrauerei Hofmühl is the sole brewery located in Eichstätt, Germany.
The brewery was founded in 1492 by Wilhelm von Reichenau. Hofmühl is recognized as an eco-friendly brewery and saves about 60% of its yearly energy consumption through the "Merlin" beer technique and solar energy. Among the awards that Hofmühl's beers have received are the Golden DLG Prize (awarded yearly) and the Bayerischer Energiepreis 2008 for solar technology. The brewery is particularly well known for its Hefeweizen and Helles.
References
Beer and breweries in Bavaria
Breweries in Germany
Companies based in Upper Bavaria
1490s establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
1492 establishments in Europe
The STAR-TIDES project (Sustainable Technologies, Accelerated Research - Transformative Innovation for Development and Emergency Support) is a global knowledge-sharing research network coordinated at the George Mason University (GMU). It is derived from a research project called TIDES which was originally a research effort for the Institute for National Strategic Studies (INSS) at the National Defense University (NDU)--part of the Department of Defense. The STAR-TIDES project promotes sustainable support to stressed populations – post-war, post-disaster, or impoverished, in foreign or domestic contexts, for short-term or long-term (multi-year) operations. The project provides reach-back “knowledge on demand” to decision-makers and those working in the field. It uses public-private partnerships and “whole-of-government” approaches to encourage unity of action among diverse organizations where there is no unity of command, and facilitates both inter-agency and international engagement.
Strategy
TIDES has three main goals, to:
Leverage global network
Promote integrated approaches
Sustain through private sector
STAR-TIDES analyses begin with scenarios chosen by stakeholders. These include:
Stabilization & Reconstruction in Afghanistan
Humanitarian Assistance/Disaster Relief (HA/ DR) in tropical regions
Defense Support to Civil Authorities (DSCA) in the US and
Building Partnership Capacity (BPC) in Latin America and Africa.
Better collaboration and shared situational awareness among disparate stakeholders in these, and other, environments could improve readiness for, and responses to, disasters, instabilities, insurgencies, and food crises. Exercises, training and education are key to institutionalizing lessons learned, and historically events like the Strong Angel series of demonstrations have served as early sources of such lessons. Links are being forged among the Defense Department (DoD), U.S. State Department, U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other US government agencies, International Organizations, NGOs, Private Volunteer Organizations (PVOs), the business community and academia.
In lieu of the deployable, expensive systems that DoD often brings to these contingencies, STAR-TIDES focuses on seven infrastructures: shelter, water, power, integrated combustion and solar cooking, cooling/lighting/heating, sanitation and information & communications technologies (ICT). Solutions need to be sustainable by local populations with the resources they're likely to have available, and all information will be made available in the public domain via this website.
Once examples of low-cost infrastructures are identified, “cross-cutting” solution sets (mixes of shel-ter, water, power, etc.) can be tailored to the needs of the local coalitions of business, government and civil society—those who will have to implement and sustain them on the ground. Not all solutions suit all scenarios—building partner nation capacity to stabilize southern archipelagoes calls for different answers than supporting mountain earthquake victims in winter. STAR-TIDES' focus on the needs of “relevant populations” contributes to humanitarian assistance, the Millennium Development Goals, and peace building. It supports public diplomacy, meets National Security Strategy guidance, and improves the inter-agency's ability to work together and interact with participants in civil-military missions, such as when implementing the National Incident Management System (NIMS). In addition, all parties may save money by agreeing on which supplies could best be provided by governments, and which by non-government entities, commercial supply chains, or empowered individuals.
References
Research projects
Quinton Judson Stephenson (1920-1997) was a trapper, naturalist, and self-taught artist from Garysburg, North Carolina. He is known for his "Occoneechee Trapper's Lodge" (or "Trapper's Lodge Museum"), a natural history museum and art environment in Garysburg.
Biography
Q. J. Stephenson was born in 1920 in Garysburg, North Carolina. The son of a traveling salesman, Stephenson grew up in the lean years of the Great Depression, trapping muskrat, mink, and raccoons in the woods and selling their pelts to Sears & Roebuck. In his teenage years, he would travel to northern California with the Civilian Conservation Corps, an experience that he would later credit with his interest in and love of nature. When he returned home, he operated a crane with a dragline, which led to the unexpected discovery of fossils, petrified wood, Civil War artifacts, and other relics from the North Carolina environment. Through the donation of some of these objects, Stephenson developed a relationship with the Smithsonian Institution.
In the 1950s, out of concern that younger generations were not properly learning traditional naturalist and trapping methods, Stephenson began an artistic endeavor that spanned 50 years of production and manifested itself in the Occoneechee Trapper's Lodge and his self-termed "Prehistoric Art."
In 1997, Stephenson died in Garysburg.
Occoneechee Trapper's Lodge
The Occoneechee Trapper's Lodge is a natural history museum and art environment created by Stephenson to illustrate local natural history features and impart his own personal philosophies and knowledge. The construction process involved the gradual accretion of sculptures, fossils, shells, petrified wood, and other found objects, which adorned a small cement and wood building on his property. Stephenson covered much of the external surface of the building with cast cement plates, each embellished with mosaics of natural particulates and imprinted with written philosophies, histories, lessons, and didactic labels. Some of these plates are hung from brackets on the walls, while others are embedded directly into the cement foundation which spills out into the surrounding landscape. Cypress knees are affixed to the overhanging ledges and jut up from the surrounding grounds, resembling stalagmites and stalactites in a cave. The interior of the lodge is also encrusted with similar panels and assemblages, although more vibrant and untouched by the external elements.
In the 1970s, Stephenson began producing "Prehistoric Art," creating fantastic creatures from his imagination out of cement and found objects. He would position these sculptures in and around the Trapper's Lodge to amuse himself and visitors.
In addition to the lodge building, Stephenson constructed other smaller works on the property in the same creative method and style. These include a windmill, table and bench, bell, and planter.
Pieces made by Stephenson and fragments from the environment have made their way into several public and private collections, one notable example being the Smithsonian American Art Museum.
As of 2016, the Occoneechee Trapper's Lodge still exists on Stephenson's property in Garysburg. However, natural and man-made destruction has led to noticeable degradation and loss of the environment.
References
External links
Q. J. Stephenson in the SPACES Archives
Q. J. Stephenson's Occoneechee Trapper's Lodge in Roadside America
Outsider artists
1920 births
1997 deaths
Artists from North Carolina
20th-century American artists
People from Northampton County, North Carolina
Civilian Conservation Corps people
Da Kink in My Hair is a play by Trey Anthony, which debuted at the Toronto Fringe Festival in 2001.
The play's central character is Novelette, the Caribbean Canadian owner of Letty's, a Toronto hair salon. Novelette is forced to confront her goals and ideals in life when she receives news that her onetime boyfriend Cedric, who loaned her the money to open the salon, has died and his daughter Verena is demanding repayment of the loan.
The play subsequently expanded to Theatre Passe-Muraille in 2003, and was nominated for four Dora Awards. Mirvish Productions then underwrote a larger production at the Princess of Wales Theatre in 2005. The show has also been produced at the San Diego Repertory Theatre in San Diego,
and at the Hackney Empire in London.
In 2022, TO Live and the Bluma Appel Theatre are slated to stage a 20th anniversary production of the play, to be directed by Weyni Mengesha.
Television adaptations
A one-hour television pilot based on the play was produced in 2004 by VisionTV's Cultural Diversity Drama Competition.
The pilot starred Sheryl Lee Ralph as Novelette, Shakira Harper as her daughter Michelle, Kim Roberts as Verena, Mimi Kuzyk as Novelette's friend and client Iris, Trey Anthony as Novelette's sister Joy, and Ngozi Paul, Jim Codrington and Richard Chevolleau as stylists working at Letty's.
A half-hour weekly series adaptation, Da Kink in My Hair, aired for two seasons on Global Television Network, beginning in the 2007–08 television season. A total of 26 episodes were produced. The series cast includes Ordena Stephens-Thompson, Trey Anthony, Ngozi Paul, Richard Fagon, and Conroy Stewart.
References
2001 plays
Canadian plays
Black Canadian literature
Plays set in Canada
Plays about race and ethnicity
Rothenstein was first a suburb of and then a quarter of northeastern Königsberg, Germany. Its territory is now part of the Leningradsky District of Kaliningrad, Russia.
Rothenstein was located northeast of the Oberteich. It was connected to Maraunenhof by the road Cranzer Allee and to Kummerau by Rothensteiner Straße.
A retirement and nursing home opened in Rothenstein in 1914. A munitions explosion at Rothenstein's munitions factory caused the death of 200 workers on 10 April 1920; Friedrich Lahrs and Stanislaus Cauer designed a memorial in the nearby Gemeindefriedhof cemetery to honor the victims. The architect Kurt Frick developed the housing development Siedlung Rothenstein after his return to Königsberg in 1921. Rothenstein was incorporated into the city of Königsberg by 1927.
After the Soviet capture of Königsberg during World War II, the NKVD established an internment camp in Rothenstein. Michael Wieck was among the incarcerated.
References
Former subdivisions of Königsberg
The Men's 4 × 200 metre freestyle relay competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 23 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were started at 10:13.
Final
The final was started at 19:37.
References
Men's 4 × 200 metre freestyle relay
Ben Hill County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 17,634. The county seat is Fitzgerald. The county was organized in 1906. It is named after Benjamin Harvey Hill, a former Confederate and United States Senator.
Ben Hill County comprises the Fitzgerald, Georgia, Micropolitan Statistical Area. The Ben Hill County Courthouse and Ben Hill County Jail are listed on .the National Register of Historic Places.
History
The timber industry became important in the county in the early 20th century. After the market changed, some workers moved on to other locations, including Florida. Development of citrus production in large groves had increased the demand for workers.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.5%) is water.
The majority of Ben Hill County, its northern and eastern portions, are located in the Lower Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin. The northwestern corner of the county, east of Rebecca, is located in the Alapaha River sub-basin of the Suwannee River basin. The southeastern corner of the county, east of Fitzgerald, is located in the Satilla River sub-basin of the St. Marys-Satilla River basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 129
U.S. Route 319
State Route 11
State Route 90
State Route 107
State Route 125
State Route 182
State Route 206
State Route 215
State Route 233
Adjacent counties
Wilcox County - north
Telfair County - northeast
Coffee County - east
Irwin County - south
Turner County - west
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 17,484 people, 6,673 households, and 4,631 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 7,623 housing units at an average density of 30 per square mile (12/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 63.25% White, 32.64% Black or African American, 0.21% Native American, 0.28% Asian, 2.85% from other races, and 0.77% from two or more races. 4.58% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 6,673 households, out of which 33.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.20% were married couples living together, 17.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.60% were non-families. 26.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.09.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.50% under the age of 18, 9.70% from 18 to 24, 27.00% from 25 to 44, 22.50% from 45 to 64, and 13.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $27,100, and the median income for a family was $33,023. Males had a median income of $26,750 versus $19,547 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,093. 22.30% of the population and 18.70% of families were below the poverty line. Out of the total people living in poverty, 33.30% are under the age of 18 and 17.60% are 65 or older.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 17,634 people, 6,794 households, and 4,730 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 7,942 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 59.2% white, 34.6% black or African American, 0.7% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 3.8% from other races, and 1.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 5.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 13.7% were English, 11.4% were American, and 8.3% were Irish.
Of the 6,794 households, 36.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.1% were married couples living together, 19.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.4% were non-families, and 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.07. The median age was 37.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,134 and the median income for a family was $35,868. Males had a median income of $32,613 versus $23,320 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,529. About 22.7% of families and 26.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 39.0% of those under age 18 and 16.3% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 17,194 people, 6,443 households, and 4,019 families residing in the county.
Education
The Ben Hill County School District operates schools serving the county.
Ben Hill Preschool
Ben Hill County Primary School
Ben Hill County Elementary School
Ben Hill County Middle School
Fitzgerald High School
Politics
Communities
City
Fitzgerald (county seat)
Unincorporated communities
Bowen's Mill
Queensland
Transportation
Fitzgerald Municipal Airport is a public use airport located 2 miles southwest of Fitzgerald.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ben Hill County, Georgia
References
External links
Ben Hill County historical marker
1906 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1906
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Fitzgerald, Georgia micropolitan area
Bukit Barisan Selatan National Park is a national park in Sumatra, Indonesia. The park located along the Bukit Barisan mountain range, has a total area of 3,568 km2, and spans three provinces: Lampung, Bengkulu, and South Sumatra. Together with Gunung Leuser and Kerinci Seblat national parks it forms a World Heritage Site, Tropical Rainforest Heritage of Sumatra.
Flora and fauna
The national park stretching along the Bukit Barisan mountain range is in average only 45 km wide but 350 km long. The northern part is mountainous with its highest point at Gunung Pulung (1,964 m), while its southern section is a peninsula. It is covered by montane forest, lowland tropical forest, coastal forest and mangrove forest.
Plants in the park include Nipa palm, Casuarina equisetifolia, Anisoptera curtisii and Gonystylus bancanus, as well as Sonneratia, Pandanus, Shorea and Dipterocarpus species. Large flowers in the park include the Rafflesia arnoldii, Amorphophallus decus-silvae, Amorphophallus titanum and the world's largest orchid the Grammatophyllum speciosum.
The park is home to many endangered and threatened species, including:
Sumatran elephant (about 500 animals, or 25% of the total remaining population of this subspecies live in the park)
Sumatran striped rabbit (most recent records of this poorly known species have been from the park)
Sumatran rhinoceros (an estimated 17-24 Sumatran rhinos live in the park; approximately the same number live in Gunung Leuser National Park, along with approximately 30-35 in Way Kambas National Park, comprising a total population of fewer than 100 animals
Sumatran tiger (approximately 40 adult tigers or 10% of the remaining Sumatran tigers live in the park).
Other animals in the park are the Malayan tapir, siamang, Sumatran surili, sun bear and lesser mouse-deer. There are over 300 species of bird in the park, like the critically endangered Sumatran ground-cuckoo.
Conservation and threats
The area was first protected by the Dutch East Indies government in 1935, that declared the South Sumatra I Nature Reserve.
The area became a national park in 1982.
Since the 1970s there have been numerous squatters established within the park, and despite forced evictions in the early 1980s, their numbers increased since 1998. In 2006 it was estimated that the squatter encroachment by about 127,000 people covered an area of 55,000 ha. For the period between 1972 and 2006, it is estimated that 63,000 ha of primary forest cover has been lost. This represents 20% of the forests lost to illegal agriculture. The World Wide Fund for Nature found that more than 450 km2 of park land is being used for growing coffee, and the organisation is now working with multinational coffee companies to help them avoid buying illegally grown coffee.
In 2021 this situation is still pending.
See also
List of national parks of Indonesia
References
National parks of Indonesia
World Heritage Sites in Indonesia
ASEAN heritage parks
Protected areas established in 1982
Protected areas of Sumatra
Geography of Lampung
Geography of Bengkulu
Geography of South Sumatra
Tourist attractions in Lampung
Tourist attractions in South Sumatra
Tourist attractions in Bengkulu
1982 establishments in Indonesia
Amarynthis is a monotypic genus of butterflies in the family Riodinidae. Its sole species, Amarynthis meneria, the meneria metalmark, is a common species in lowland rainforests east of the Andes from Venezuela, Suriname and Guyana, south through the Brazilian Amazon to Peru and northern Argentina.
External links
Amarynthis meneria at the Tree of Life Web Project
Species info
Riodinini
Riodinidae of South America
Taxa named by Jacob Hübner
Monotypic butterfly genera
Naissus was an ancient city and former bishopric in Balkanic Dacia, which remains a Latin Catholic titular see.
History
Naissus, today's Niš in Serbia, was important enough in the Roman province of Dacia Mediterranea to become an episcopal see at an early date and was a suffragan of the Metropolitan see in the Archdiocese of Sardica, in the sway of the Patriarchate of Constantinople.
The city was wrecked by Attila's Huns, but rebuilt, as the revival of the bishopric attests.
Residential bishops
The names of several of early Suffragan Bishops of Naissus are known:
Cyriacus (first half of the 4th century), sympathized with the heresy Arianism and opposed Marcellus of Ancyra
Gaudentius (from before 343/344, apparently succeeding the former), till after 351, when he attended the council at Sirmium
Bonosus (mentioned c. 380), who was deposed
Martianus (before 409 to after 414), appointed by Pope Innocent I instead of the former
Dalmatius (mentioned 451), allegedly signator in 458 of the letter of the bishops to Byzantine emperor Leo I the Thracian after the lynching by Coptic mobs of the Patriarch Proterius of Alexandria
Gaianus (mentioned 516), invited to Constantinople by Byzantine Emperor Anastasius I Dicorus
Proiectus, participant at the Ecumenical Second Council of Constantinople in 553 (which repudiated the Three Chapters as Nestorian, condemned Origen of Alexandria and decreed the Theopaschite Formula).
Titular see
It is listed by the Catholic Church as a Latin titular see since the diocese was nominally restored in 1933 as Titular bishopric of Naissus (Latin) / Naisso (Curiate Italian) / Naissitan(us) (Latin adjective).
It has had the following incumbents, of the fitting Episcopal (lowest) rank, with a few archiepiscopal exceptions:
William F. O'Shea, Maryknoll Fathers (M.M.) (born USA) (1939.07.11 – death 1945.02.27) as only Apostolic Vicar of Heijo (now Pyong-Yang, (North) Korea) (1939.07.11 – retired 1942)
Henri Routhier, Missionary Oblates of Mary Immaculate (O.M.I.) (1945.06.15 – 1967.07.13) first as Coadjutor Vicar Apostolic of Grouard (Canada) (1945.06.15 – 1953.09.18), then (see promoted) as last Apostolic Vicar of Grouard (1953.09.18 – 1967.07.13); (see) later promoted first Metropolitan Archbishop of Grouard–McLennan (Canada) (1967.07.13 – retired 1972.11.21), died 1989
Victor Hugo Martínez Contreras (1970.11.30 – 1975.09.20) as Auxiliary Bishop of Diocese of Huehuetenango (Guatemala) (1970.11.30 – 1975.09.20); later succeeded as Bishop of Huehuetenango (1975.09.20 – 1987.04.04), President of Episcopal Conference of Guatemala (1986 – 1988), last Suffragan Bishop of Quetzaltenango, Los Altos (Guatemala) (1987.04.04 – 1996.02.13), (see) promoted first Metropolitan Archbishop of Los Altos, Quetzaltenango–Totonicapán (Guatemala) (1996.02.13 – retired 2007.04.19), again President of Episcopal Conference of Guatemala (1998 – 2002)
Paul Josef Cordes (1975.10.27 – 1995.12.02 see below) first as Auxiliary Bishop of Archdiocese of Paderborn (Germany) (1975.10.27 – 1980.03.11), then as Secretary of Pontifical Council for the Laity (1980.03.11 – 1995.12.02)
Titular Archbishop: Paul Josef Cordes (see above 1995.12.02 – 2007.11.24) as President of Pontifical Council “Cor unum” (1995.12.02 – resigned 2010.10.07), created Cardinal-Deacon of S. Lorenzo in Piscibus (2007.11.24 [2008.05.11] – ...)
Titular Archbishop: Ambrose Madtha (安博思) (born India) (2008.05.08 – death 2012.12.08) as papal diplomat : Apostolic Nuncio (ambassador) to the Ivory Coast (2008.05.08 – 2012.12.08), previously Chargé d'affaires in PR China (2003.02.11 – 2008.05.08)
Valdir Mamede (2013.02.06 – ...), Auxiliary Bishop of Archdiocese of Brasília (Brazil), no previous prelature.
See also
List of Catholic dioceses in Serbia
References
Sources and external links
GCatholic
Bibliography
Pius Bonifacius Gams, Series episcoporum Ecclesiae Catholicae, Leipzig 1931, p. 417
Daniele Farlati-Jacopo Coleti, Illyricum Sacrum, vol. VIII, Venice 1817, pp. 24–40
Jacques Zeiller, Les origines chrétiennes dans les provinces danubiennes de l'empire romain, Paris 1918, pp. 158–159;
Michel Lequien, Oriens christianus in quatuor Patriarchatus digestus, Paris 1740, vol. II, coll. 313-314
Geoffrey Dunn, The Letter of Innocent I to Marcian of Niš, in Saint Emperor Constantine and Christianity, vol. I, Niš 2013, pp. 319–335
Catholic titular sees in Europe
Suppressed Roman Catholic dioceses
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Del Norte County, California.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Del Norte County, California, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 14 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in California
National Register of Historic Places listings in California
California Historical Landmarks in Del Norte County, California
References
Del Norte
Sarıkaya, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
ISO 3166-2:BM is the entry for Bermuda in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.
Currently no ISO 3166-2 codes are defined in the entry for Bermuda.
Bermuda is officially assigned the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code .
See also
Subdivisions of Bermuda
FIPS region codes of Bermuda
External links
ISO Online Browsing Platform: BM
Parishes of Bermuda, Statoids.com
2:BM
Subdivisions of Bermuda
Blind Pilot is an American indie folk band based in Portland, Oregon, United States. They have released three albums and one EP since 2008.
History
On July 15, 2008, Blind Pilot released their debut CD 3 Rounds and a Sound on Expunged Records. "Go On, Say It", was chosen to be a Single of the Week on July 7, 2008 on the iTunes chart, and for the week of July 26 the record reached number 13 on the Billboard Top Digital Albums chart. Allmusic gave the album 3.5/5 stars.
Originally a duo between Israel Nebeker and Ryan Dobrowski, the band added four touring members in February 2009. On December 29 of that year, the band released an iTunes only live EP. This EP featured a cover of Gillian Welch's "Look at Miss Ohio". The EP also included new versions of previously released songs, along with a new song, titled "Get It Out". The EP was mixed and recorded by Tucker Martine.
Blind Pilot released their second album, We Are The Tide, on September 13, 2011 as a sextet. The album featured the song "Get It Out" from the previous EP. Allmusic praised the additional members, who they said "add bigger, brighter colors to the mix" in a 4.5-star review.
On June 1, 2016, Blind Pilot announced their third album, And Then Like Lions, would be released August 12 on ATO Records. The album received 'universal acclaim' from Metacritic, getting a user score of 9.3 and a critic score of 71.
Origin of the band name
During a 2009 interview with LAist, Israel describes how the original duo came up with the name:A blind pilot is one of the scariest things I can think of. Why did you choose that name? When Ryan and I came up with the name in Astoria, when we were planning our first bike tour. It seemed fitting for what we were trying to do. We hadn't heard of anyone else who had done it and we hadn't booked that many shows. It was as if we were flying into the unknown. We couldn't see what's going to happen.
Performance and touring history
The band completed a bicycle tour in 2008, biking from Bellingham, Washington to San Diego, California, carrying their instruments on custom bicycle trailers they fashioned themselves. They made more than two dozen stops along the way, including Port Townsend, Seattle, Olympia, Portland, Corvallis, Eugene, Coos Bay, Arcata and Santa Cruz.
Touring for their debut album continued in 2009. On February 12, Blind Pilot made their network television debut on Last Call with Carson Daly. In May, they played at the Sasquatch! Music Festival at the Gorge Amphitheatre in George, Washington, and in August they played at Lollapalooza in Chicago and Outside Lands in San Francisco.
To promote We Are The Tide on January 6, 2012, the band made their second network television appearance on the Late Show with David Letterman, in which Letterman initially introduced the band as "Blind Spot" before correcting himself and poking fun at the gaffe. Subsequent touring for the album included a performance at the Bonnaroo Music Festival in Manchester, Tennessee on June 9, as well as returns to Lollapalooza and Sasquatch. Their song "Half Moon" was performed on Ellen during the host's birthday episode on January 25, 2013.
Blind Pilot's music has been featured in some television programs, including Chuck, One Tree Hill, Californication, and Private Practice.
The band finished their tour with Vance Joy on December 3, 2016. Their most recent tour with Bad Bad Habits, Anna Tivel, and Gregory Alan Isakov ran from 2017 to mid-2018. As of late 2018 the band is working on writing and recording their fourth studio album.
Band members
Israel Nebeker – vocals, guitar
Ryan Dobrowski – drums, percussion
Luke Ydstie – upright bass, bass guitar, backing vocals
Kati Claborn – banjo, mountain dulcimer, ukulele, banjo ukulele, guitar, bass guitar, additional percussion, backing vocals
Dave Jorgensen – trumpet, keyboards
Ian Krist – vibraphone, additional percussion
Discography
Albums
Drummer Ryan Dobrowski did the artwork for both 3 Rounds and a Sound and We Are the Tide.
EPs
Singles
Notes
References
External links
Blind Pilot on YouTube
People from Astoria, Oregon
Musical groups from Portland, Oregon
Indie pop groups from Oregon
Indie rock musical groups from Oregon
Cycling in Oregon
2005 establishments in Oregon
Musical groups established in 2005
American indie folk groups
Kazanskaya Mountain () is a mountain, high, forming the northern end of Snøskalkegga Ridge in the Weyprecht Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was discovered and plotted from air photos by the Third German Antarctic Expedition, 1938–39, and was mapped from air photos and surveys by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition, 1956–60. It was remapped by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition, 1960–61, and possibly named after the Russian city of Kazan.
References
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
David Sinton Ingalls (January 28, 1899 – April 26, 1985) was the US Navy's only flying ace of World War I, with six credited victories; thus he was the first ace in U. S. Navy history.
Early life
Ingalls was born on January 28, 1899, in Cleveland, Ohio. He was the son of Albert S. Ingalls and Jane (née Taft) Ingalls (1874–1962). His mother was the niece of U.S. President William Howard Taft. David was the grandson of railroad executive Melville E. Ingalls. and the great-grandson of industrialist David Sinton, for whom he was named.
Ingalls received his secondary education at the University School in Cleveland, and later attended St. Paul's School in Concord, New Hampshire. He entered Yale in 1916, where he studied as a medical student (he would eventually graduate in 1920 with a BA in English) and joined the First Yale Unit. As such, Ingalls became a member of the Naval Reserve Flying Corps and by 1917 had obtained his pilot's license.
Military career
On March 26, 1917, Ingalls was enlisted as Naval Aviator No. 85. He was called to active duty on 4 April 1917, two days before the American entry into World War I. Before heading to Europe, Ingalls received aviation training at West Palm Beach in Florida. On June 3, he was sent to Huntington, Long Island, New York for more training. His training was completed on 1 September 1917, and he was made a lieutenant (junior grade).
Ingalls arrived in Paris on September 12, 1917, and reported to the Commander of the United States Naval Forces Operating in European waters in London on 10 December 1917 and was sent to the RFC training facility at RAF Gosport from December 13, 1917, until February 1918. From there, he went to the RFC Station in Ayr for squadron formation flying. On completion of this course, he was sent to Paris and arrived in Dunkirk on March 18, 1918. From Dunkirk he went to Clermont for a course in flying day bombing and gunnery. He arrived back in Dunkirk on July 2, where he was attached to 213 Squadrons of the Royal Air Force.
Operational activity
Ingalls was attached to the British 213 Squadron and flew Sopwith Camels in attacks on German submarine bases. He was temporarily assigned to No. 218 Squadron RAF in July 1918 to gain experience flying bombers. Once back with 213 Squadrons, Ingalls began tallying victories. On August 11, 1918, Ingalls and his flight leader, Colin Peter Brown, shot down a German observation plane behind enemy lines. Two days later, he was involved in a surprise attack on a German aerodrome, which destroyed thirty-eight planes. On 21 August, Ingalls shared a win over an LVG two-seater with Brown and fellow ace George Stacey Hodson.
On September 15, he destroyed a Rumpler in company with fellow ace Harry Smith. Three days later, he teamed with Smith and Hodson to become a balloon buster. Two days after that, Ingalls lost his engine and knew he had to crash land. As he was descending, he saw a woman sitting in a field smoking a pipe. He had never seen a woman smoking a pipe, so he tried to land in that field. Then his engine kicked back in and he was able to fly again. But by now he was well behind enemy lines. As a result, he was able to come at the Germans from behind and destroy a Fokker D.VII to become an ace. On a later attack on a German aerodrome, Ingalls destroyed more planes. On his way back to base on September 24, 1918, he spotted a German observation plane, which he and Hodson shot down. His last flight of the war came on October 3, 1918.
The following day, he headed home and was awarded the Navy Distinguished Service Medal for exceptionally and meritorious Service as chase pilot operating with No. 213 Squadron RAF while attached to the Northern Bombing Group. Ingalls was also decorated by Great Britain with the Distinguished Flying Cross and by France with the Legion of Honour. On 1 January 1919, he was also Mentioned in Despatches by the British. He was released from the military on January 2, 1919.
Post-war
Ingalls returned to Yale and received an LLD from Harvard in 1923. After graduating, he joined Squire, Sanders & Dempsey as an associate. In 1926, he was elected to the Ohio General Assembly, where he co-sponsored the Ohio Aviation Code. Ingalls also served as a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1927 to 1929. He was a good friend of Jack Towers, who recommended Ingalls for the job of Assistant Secretary of the Navy (AIR). He asked Newton Baker, a friend of his father to recommend him to Herbert Hoover. He got the job in early 1929. He became a good friend of Hoover, who invited him to the White House and to his camp. Fellow Skull and Bones member F. Trubee Davison would often accompany them. On his way home in his plane from Washington in June 1929, Ingalls crashed his plane into a fence, but was unharmed. As Assistant Secretary, he tripled the number of naval aircraft and pushed for a fully deployable carrier task force. In 1932, he embarked on an unsuccessful campaign to become Governor of Ohio. He left in 1933 to become director of Cleveland's Department of Public Health and Welfare.
In the mid-1930s, Ingalls was appointed a lieutenant commander in the Naval Reserves. He was made vice president and general manager of Pan Am Air Ferries in 1941. After the attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese, he helped develop the Naval Air Station at Honolulu, and ended up reporting for duty. In 1943, he became Chief of Staff for the Forward Area Air Center Command and later Commander of the Pearl Harbor Naval Air Station.
On his return to Ohio, he became a director of Pan Am World Airways and managed Robert A. Taft's campaign to be the Republican nominee for president in 1952. In 1954, he became president and publisher of the Cincinnati Times-Star and Vice Chairman of the now defunct Taft Broadcasting Company. He left the Cincinnati Times-Star in 1958 to practice law.
Ingalls was a friend of the aviator Charles Lindbergh, whom he helped solve navigation and communication problems in charting new air routes to the east for Pan Am.
He was a director of the Cleveland Trust Company, director of South Eleuthera Properties, Vice President of Virginia Hot Springs, Inc., President of the Central Eyebank for Sight Restoration, trustee of Laurel School and an honorary trustee of the Young Men's Christian Association.
Personal life
He was married to Louise Hale Harkness (1898–1978), daughter of William L. Harkness and granddaughter of Daniel M. Harkness, who was instrumental in the formation of Standard Oil. Together, they were the parents of:
Edith Ingalls (1923–2005), who married Dr. Paul Joseph Vignos Jr. (1919–2010), and became a prominent art collector.
Louise Ingalls (1928–1998), who married Willard Walker Brown.
David Sinton Ingalls Jr. (1934–1993), who became president of the Cleveland Museum of Natural History and mayor of Hunting Valley, Ohio.
Ingalls was a member of the American Legion, Chagrin Valley Hunt Club, Freemasons, Jekyll Island Club, Kirtland Country Club, Pepper Pike Club of Pepper Pike, Queen City Club of Cincinnati, River Club of New York, Skull and Bones and the Union Club of Cleveland.
Ingalls was a sportsman and a co-owner of two quail plantations: Ring Oak Plantation and Foshalee Plantation, which he shared with Robert Livingston Ireland Jr.
Legacy
The Ingalls Hockey Rink at Yale University is named after David Ingalls as well as his son, David S. Ingalls Jr. The Ingalls family were the primary benefactors of the rink.
In 2003, the Ingalls Foundation endowed the Paul J. and Edith Ingalls Vignos Curator of European Painting and Sculpture at the Cleveland Museum of Art.
See also
List of World War I flying aces from the United States
Citations
Bibliography
Airfields & Airmen of the Channel Coast: Battleground I Battleground Europe Series". Mike O'Connor, Michael O'Connor. Pen & Sword Books, 2006. , .
American Aces of World War I. Norman Franks, Harry Dempsey. Osprey Publishing, 2001. , .
From Cotton To Quail: An Agricultural Chronicle of Leon County, Florida, 1860–1967'', Paisley, Clifton. University of Florida Press, 1968.
External links
David Ingalls – the First US Navy Ace
David Sinton Ingalls – Military Strategist
1899 births
1985 deaths
American World War I flying aces
United States Navy personnel of World War I
Aviators from Ohio
Ohio Republicans
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United Kingdom)
Recipients of the Navy Distinguished Service Medal
Taft family
United States Naval Aviators
Yale University alumni
Politicians from Cleveland
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Military personnel from Cleveland
United States Navy rear admirals (upper half)
United States Assistant Secretaries of the Navy
20th-century American politicians
Harkness family
John St John Frederick (6 January 1846 – 10 September 1907) was an English first-class cricketer who played as a right-handed batsman and a right-arm roundarm fast bowler.
Life and career
Frederick was a son of Edward Frederick, a British Army officer. He was educated at Eton, where he played for the school in the Eton and Harrow match in 1861, and Christ Church, Oxford. He made his first-class debut for Oxford University in 1864 against the Marylebone Cricket Club. In the 1864 season, he represented Oxford University in five first-class matches, and he was awarded his blue by appearing in the match against Cambridge University, which Oxford won by four wickets; his contribution, however, was just a single run in his two innings.
Frederick also made his debut for Hampshire against Middlesex in the same season. In the return match against Middlesex, he claimed all of his four first-class wickets in Middlesex's first innings with figures of 4/45.
Later in the season Frederick also made his debut for Middlesex, representing the county in a single first-class match against the Marylebone Cricket Club. He made yet another first-class debut in the 1864 season, this time for the Gentlemen of Marylebone Cricket Club against the Gentlemen of Kent.
In 1866 Frederick played for the Marylebone Cricket Club against Surrey. He represented the Marylebone Cricket Club in one further first-class match during that season against the Gentlemen of Kent. In addition, he represented Oxford University in a single first-class match against Southgate and played for Hampshire in a single first-class match against Surrey.
In the 1867 season, Frederick represented Oxford University in four first-class matches, the last of which came against Surrey. In his ten first-class matches for the University, he scored 188 runs at a batting average of 11.05, with a high score of 39.
In 1868, Frederick played for the Gentlemen of Marylebone Cricket Club against Kent. In 1869 he played for Hampshire against the MCC and his final career first-class match was for the MCC against Kent.
Frederick had a military career. In 1876, he is recorded as a lieutenant in the Inniskilling Dragoons and was appointed as aide-de-camp to the commanding officer of the Cavalry Brigade at Aldershot. In reports of MCC meetings in The Times in the 1890s, Frederick, who was on the committee, is identified as "Captain J. St J. Frederick".
Frederick died at Camberley, Surrey on 10 September 1907 after what was described as "a long illness". The death notice records that he was a member of the Junior Carlton Club.
Family
Frederick's nephew Edward Frederick also represented Hampshire in first-class cricket, as well as the Europeans (India).
References
External links
John Frederick at Cricinfo
John Frederick at CricketArchive
Matches and detailed statistics for John Frederick
1846 births
1907 deaths
Cricketers from Greater London
English cricketers
Oxford University cricketers
Hampshire cricketers
Middlesex cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
6th (Inniskilling) Dragoons officers
Gentlemen of Middlesex cricketers
Gentlemen of Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
Clarence Park was given to the town of Weston-super-Mare by Rebecca Davies in memory of her husband. The cricket pavilion at the park dates from 1882. A multitude of sports have been played at the park, including cricket. The ground is owned by the local council. It is currently used by Weston-super-Mare Cricket Club.
Layout
The park is laid out in two sections. The western section is considerably the larger and is separated from the eastern section by Walliscote Road. The eastern section is a large trapezoidal area of flat open lawn, with an encircling pathway; outside the pathway, there is a wide band of less manicured land heavily populated with mature trees. The lawned area (pictured) is often used to host cricket matches. The cricket pavilion is at the western edge, backing onto Walliscote Road. Part of the southern edge of the lawn is marked out for use as a croquet pitch; croquet matches are frequently held during the summer months. During recent years, this eastern section of Clarence Park has been used as a drop-off and pickup zone for the T4 on the Beach music event.
The western section of the park is laid out as a more formal park with mature trees, flower beds, lawned areas, and a fish pond with fountain. Part of the southern end of this section is taken up by the clubhouse and 3 greens of the Clarence Bowling Club. At the north end, near Walliscote Road, there is a house originally used as the park-keeper's lodge. There is a children's play area near the western edge. Approximately in the centre of the western section of the park, there is a small pavilion, operated in recent years as a cafe. The future of the cafe is currently under threat as a result of an arson attack which took place in early September 2011.
Cricket
The park played host to home matches for Somerset between 1914 and 1996. The ground had a capacity of 6,000 spectators. The first recorded match on the ground which involved a senior cricket team was on 21 August 1914 and saw a Weston-super-Mare team play Glamorgan, seven years before Glamorgan were awarded first-class status. Several days later Somerset played their first match on the ground against Yorkshire. The highest attendance at the ground was 6,000 during a match against Hampshire in the 1947 County Championship season.
In 1936, there was talk about moving the Weston festival away from Clarence Park, a move strongly resisted by Jack White, who thought the ground to be "lovely". The festival remained at the ground for another sixty years, until the August 1996 Cricket Festival when Somerset played their final first-class or List A match at Clarence Park. Their final opponent on the ground was Durham.
References
Cricket grounds in Somerset
Sports venues in Somerset
Parks and open spaces in Somerset
Weston-super-Mare
Sports venues completed in 1882
Sport in Weston-super-Mare
The Great Northern Railway M-1 was a class of 35 American 2-6-8-0 locomotives introduced in 1910. A total of 35 of these Mallet locomotives were built by Baldwin Locomotive Works in two batches; the first 10 in December 1909, followed by a further 25 in June to August 1910. They were early articulateds and worked their entire life on the Great Northern Railway (GN). These engines were unusual because of having two uneven sets of driving wheels; the front set having six driving wheels, and the rear set having eight driving wheels.
All M-1's were converted to be simple-expansion cylinders from 1926 to 1927 and reclassified M-2. Twenty-two of the M-2's were dismantled between 1929 and 1931, with parts being recycled into new class O-7 Mikados numbered 3376-3396 in 1930 . Three O7 Mikado's were rebuilt to O8 Mikados numbered 3397-3399 in 1932 . The 13 M-2's not rebuilt lasted until the dieselisation era, and were sold for scrap between 1949 and 1954. No M-1's have survived into preservation. None of the O-8's that were rebuilt from the O-7's that were once part of the M-1's were preserved either.
Images
as M-1.
as rebuilt to M-2.
References
M-1
Railway locomotives introduced in 1910
Scrapped locomotives
2-6-8-0 locomotives
Baldwin locomotives
Johan Ragnar Falck (23 July 1905 – 25 March 1966) was a Swedish stage and film actor. He also directed two films in 1944.
He was married to the actress Britta Brunius.
Selected filmography
The Two of Us (1930)
International Match (1932)
A Stolen Waltz (1932)
Shipwrecked Max (1936)
Sun Over Sweden (1938)
Hanna in Society (1940)
Blossom Time (1940)
Bashful Anton (1940)
Life Goes On (1941)
Första divisionen (1941)
En dag skall gry (1944)
Barnen från Frostmofjället (1945)
Widower Jarl (1945)
Harald the Stalwart (1946)
Only a Mother (1949)
The Nuthouse (1951)
Tarps Elin (1956)
Laila (1958)
The Wedding Day (1960)
References
Bibliography
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
External links
1905 births
1966 deaths
Swedish male film actors
Swedish male silent film actors
Swedish male stage actors
Swedish film directors
20th-century Swedish male actors
Male actors from Stockholm
Ronnie Ash (born July 2, 1988) is an American track and field athlete specializing in hurdles. With his 12.99 (+1.2) 110 metres hurdles on June 29, 2014 in a semi-final round of the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships in Sacramento, California, he moved into the prestigious sub 13 clubs and is currently the 17th fastest hurdler in history.
Ash did not finish in the final. Later in the season, Ash was silver medalist at the 2014 IAAF Continental Cup, selected to the team because his time held up as the #2 time from the countries that make up the Americas team for the season.
He reached the 2016 Olympic final and was in contention for a medal before stumbling over the final hurdle and falling. He was ultimately disqualified for an illegal hurdle clearance under then IAAF rule 168.7b.
Career
Born and raised in Passaic, New Jersey, Ash began hurdling at Knightdale High School in Knightdale, North Carolina after transferring to the school for his senior year. With virtually no athletic experience, he was recruited by the basketball coach and track coach David Castell. He joined the track team because "I thought I could meet new people, and I guess it ended up working out." He set school records in the 110 metres hurdles, 300 meters hurdles and the high jump. Graduating in 2008, he had the opportunity to run in the 2008 NACAC Under-23 Championships in Athletics, where he captured a bronze medal behind future world champions Jason Richardson and Ryan Brathwaite.
Ash did not have high expectations coming out of high school, not planning on attending college, but he received an offer at Bethune-Cookman University. At Bethune-Cookman, he won both the 2009 NCAA Men's Indoor Track and Field Championship and the NCAA Men's Outdoor Track and Field Championship as a sophomore, outdoors over Richardson.
The following season he switched to the University of Oklahoma, defending his indoor championship and finishing third outdoors. A couple of weeks later, he finished third at the 2010 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships. Later that summer he returned to the 2010 NACAC Under-23 Championships in Athletics, this time taking gold ahead of then defending world champion Brathwaite and running sub-13 for the first time, with a 12.98. The wind was +3.1 mps, well over the legal limit, so the time couldn't count for record purposes, but foretold of his capability.
References
1988 births
Living people
American male hurdlers
Bethune–Cookman University alumni
Oklahoma Sooners men's track and field athletes
Track and field athletes from Oklahoma
African-American male track and field athletes
World Athletics Championships athletes for the United States
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Sportspeople from Passaic, New Jersey
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Fifa 1994 may refer to:
1994 FIFA World Cup finals
1994 FIFA World Cup
1994 FIFA World Cup qualification
1994 FIFA World Cup qualification
EA Sports video game series
FIFA International Soccer
Batrachorhina semiluctuosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Léon Fairmaire in 1901. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1901
First Baptist Church is a historic church at 709 Martin Luther King, Jr. Street in Selma, Alabama. A historically African American Baptist church, it was built in the Gothic Revival style in 1894 and known for its association with the Civil Rights Movement. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
From the National Register of Historic Places Inventory — Nomination Form:
References
Baptist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Dallas County, Alabama
Churches completed in 1894
Churches in Dallas County, Alabama
Selma to Montgomery marches
1894 establishments in Alabama
Red Buttress Peak () is a rock peak, 1,060 m, surmounting the bold rock mass between the lower Benson and Hunt Glaciers in Victoria Land. Its east face is an immense cliff of red granite. Mapped and given this descriptive name by the 1957 New Zealand Northern Survey Party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition, 1956–58.
References
Mountains of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Emremsultan, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Aricanduva is a district in the subprefecture of the same name in the city of São Paulo, Brazil. It is located along the west bank of the Aricanduva River, which crosses the city from east to southeast. The name Aricanduva originated from one of the indigenous languages of Brazil known as Tupi and means "place where there are many palm trees of the airi species".
History
The Aricanduva district was administratively defined in 1999 as part of a general reorganization of the districts and subprefectures of São Paulo. It is believed the district was founded in the earlier 1900s (1902 or 1905).
Transportation
The district is serviced by several SPTrans bus lines.
See also
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of São Paulo
References
Districts of São Paulo
Laënnec Glacier () is a glacier long draining the northeast slopes of Stribog Mountains and the northwest slopes of Avroleva Heights, and flowing northeast into Hill Bay on the east side of Brabant Island, in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.
The glacier was photographed by Hunting Aerosurveys Ltd in 1956–57, and mapped from these photos in 1959. It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for René Laennec, the French inventor of the stethoscope and a pioneer investigator of chest diseases.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
Maps
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
British Antarctic Territory. Scale 1:200000 topographic map. DOS 610 Series, Sheet W 64 62. Directorate of Overseas Surveys, Tolworth, UK, 1980.
Brabant Island to Argentine Islands. Scale 1:250000 topographic map. British Antarctic Survey, 2008.
References
Glaciers of the Palmer Archipelago
Brabant Island
Sture Landqvist (15 January 1925 – 2 February 2016) was a Swedish middle-distance runner who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was born in Gothenburg.
References
1925 births
2016 deaths
Swedish male middle-distance runners
Olympic athletes of Sweden
Athletes (track and field) at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Athletes from Gothenburg
Penelope "Penny" Jeggo (born September 1947) is a noted British molecular biologist, best known for her work in understanding damage to DNA. She is also known for her work with DNA gene mutations. Her interest in DNA damage has inspired her to research radiation biology and radiation therapy and how radiation affects DNA. Jeggo has almost 170 publication that pertain to DNA damage, radiation, and cancer research and has received 3 top science awards/medals for her research. Jeggo has also been a member of several organizations that pertain to radiation biology; these organizations include Committee on Medical Aspects of Radiation in the Environment (COMARE), National Institute for Radiation Science laboratory researcher, and the Multidisciplinary European Low Dose Initiative (MELODI). Not only is Jeggo a member of these prestigious organizations, but she is also an editor for several publication journals that are related to cancer and radiation biology. Jeggo is very passionate towards all her research and in an interview with Fiona Watt claimed that “Although my results contributed only the tiniest smidgeon to scientific knowledge, I gained immense satisfaction from it”.
Early life and education
Penny Jeggo was born in Cambridge, England. She earned a bachelor's degree in microbiology at Queen Elizabeth College, University of London in 1970. She went on to earn a PhD in genetics at the National Institute for Medical Research (NIMR), London, in the lab of Robin Holliday.
She later held postdoctoral positions with John Cairns, whom she cites as one of her biggest mentors, at the Imperial Cancer Research Fund Mill Hill Laboratory, and with Miroslav Radman at the Université libre de Bruxelles, Belgium. After working for Radman, Jeggo returned in 1980 to Robin Holliday's lab where she began her research on DNA damage and the cells response to the damage. After more work in Radman's lab, Jeggo, in 1989, moved to the Cell Mutation Unit at Sussex.
When Jeggo reached her thirties, she and her husband decided to start a family. She gave birth to a son, Matthew. Her husband and Matthew's father died from colon cancer shortly after Matthew was born. The death of Jeggo's husband almost discouraged her from continuing her research in cancer and radiation biology. Jeggo returned to her research and further researched cancer and DNA a few years after her husband's death.
Career and legacy
Jeggo's primary legacy is her work on DNA damage responses and DNA repair of double strand breaks. Much of her early worked involved Chinese hamster ovary cells, a commonly studied cell line also known as CHO. Using standard techniques of microbial genetics, she tested more than 9,000 colonies before isolating six X-ray-sensitive mutants. This was the first step in understanding the mechanisms involved in the repair of X-irradiation-induced DNA damage.
Jeggo is particularly well known for identifying two components of an enzyme called DNA-dependent protein kinase (DNA-PK) as being important in DNA non-homologous end joining (NHEJ), a pathway by which mammalian cells repair themselves. This discovery was a major breakthrough in understanding the double strand break repair pathway in mammals. In addition, Jeggo showed that NHEJ is important for the development of the immune response. She also studied LIG4-mutant mice and how exposure to oxygen increases the number of double-stranded breaks due to the failure to repair DNA breaks.
Positions and events
Penelope Jeggo has been very active in various symposiums and conventions where she has discussed her research and given talks on cell biology in relation to radiation biology. In 2001, Jeggo became a founding member of the Genome Damage and Stability Center, a research center established at the University of Sussex. In 2002, Jeggo was a lecturer for the 6th Cancer/Genome Priority Seminar at the Nagasaki University. She discussed the importance of low-dose radiation and molecular cell biology. In 2003, Jeggo was given the title of Professorial Fellow of the University Sussex. She also attended the 2003 Gordon Research Conference on Genetic Toxicology as the conference chair.
In 2012, Jeggo was elected into the Academy of Medical Science Fellows along with 46 other British researchers for their dedication to research and for their contributions to the medical sciences. In 2014, Jeggo was the chair of the Scientific Advisory Board for the Ataxia-Telangiectasia Society. Jeggo was an invited speaker for the symposium on DNA damage response to radiation in 2015 at the International Congress of Radiation Research (ICRR).
Jeggo will be representing the United Kingdom as one of the keynote speakers at the World Congress on Medical Physics and Biomedical Engineering in Prague 2018.
Awards
In her career so far, Jeggo has won the 2011 Penelope Jeggo Bacq and Alexander Award for her research with radiation biology and cancer. She was also the 2013 recipient of the United Kingdom Genome Stability Network medal for her research in DNA damage of the cell. Penelope Jeggo won her third award in 2013 for the Silvanus Thompson Medal from the British Institute of Radiology. Her third award was also for her research in radiation and DNA damage.
Other research and publications
One of Jeggo's first publication was on her research with double stranded DNA break repair mutants and the effect it has on V(D)J recombination. Jeggo and her fellow researchers discovered that two mutants, xrs-6 and XR-1, play a role in restoring V(D)J recombination and were able to identify which genes are affected by DNA breakage.
In her most recent publication, Jeggo worked with other researchers on the Ataxia telangiectasia and Rad3 related protein (ATR) and how mutation in ATR can damage DNA which consequently prevents cilia signaling. The team used zebrafish as a model organism in order to test the protein defect and its effects on cilia. Jeggo had researched this subject previously in 2003 when she and fellow scientists concluded that when ATR is exposed to UV radiation, caused a splice mutation in DNA which led to Seckel syndrome, a disorder that retards growth while the fetus develops in the uterus.
To continue her research with DNA damage, Jeggo studied aging and stem cells. She found that the inability of DNA Ligase IV to repair breaks in stem cell DNA contributes to aging of our cells. Jeggo and her team found that breaks in the stem cell DNA come from genetics as well as environmental stress which increase inhibits the lifespan of stem cells and therefore contributes to aging.
Jeggo has also begun researching epigenetic changes and the effects that epigenetics have on DNA repair. She found that a mutation in ataxia telangiectasia mutated kinase (ATM) causes damage to DNA and chromatin structure. Jeggo's review showed that nucleosomes are important in DNA repair. However, she claims that more research on the changes in chromatin structure is necessary in further understanding of DNA damage and repair mechanisms.
References
1947 births
20th-century British biologists
20th-century British women scientists
21st-century British biologists
21st-century British women scientists
British women biologists
Living people
Peter Glazebrook is a vegetable grower from Halam in Nottinghamshire. He holds the world records for the longest beetroot and parsnip, and the heaviest onion, potato, and cauliflower. The world's longest beetroot and parsnip measured 21 ft and 19 ft, 5in respectively; the world's heaviest onion weighed 18 lb; potato, 11 lb; and the cauliflower, 60 lbs and 6 ft wide.
He also held the world record for the heaviest carrot, weighing in at 20 lbs. Glazebrook held this record from 2014, to September 2017.
References
External link
Photo on Flickr
World record holders
People from Newark and Sherwood (district)
Mount Kenyon () is a mountain, high, standing northwest of Shenk Peak and southwest of Barry Hill in the northern part of the Cumulus Hills, Antarctica. It was named by F. Alton Wade, leader of the Texas Tech Shackleton Glacier Expedition of the United States Antarctic Research Program (1962–1963), after Kenyon College, Gambier, Ohio, his alma mater.
References
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Dufek Coast
Alban Joinel (born 14 September 1979) is a French former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. During a long playing career, Joinel represented numerous clubs in the French lower league. He also had a spell with Lorient between 2008 and 2011 where he made one appearance in Ligue 1, playing in the 0–1 home defeat against Nice on 8 November 2008.
External links
Alban Joinel profile at foot-national.com
1979 births
Living people
People from Sarlat-la-Canéda
French footballers
Association football goalkeepers
ESA Brive players
Angoulême Charente FC players
SO Châtellerault players
Stade Poitevin FC players
USJA Carquefou players
FC Lorient players
Ligue 1 players
Championnat National players
Sportspeople from Dordogne
Footballers from Nouvelle-Aquitaine
Paeonia sterniana is a perennial, herbaceous peony of approximately 45 cm high in cultivation, with white or sometimes pinkish flowers. It grows in the wild in southeastern Tibet. This peony is very rare in cultivation. It produces blue seeds in autumn. Its common name in Chinese is 白花芍药 (bai hua shao yao), which means "white peony".
Description
Paeonia sterniana is a hairless perennial herbaceous plant of up to 90 cm high, with leaves alternately set along the stems, which flowers in it home range in May, while the seeds are ripe as off September. It is a diploid nothospecies with ten chromosomes (2n=10), that results from hybridisation between P. lactiflora and P. mairei.
Root, stem and leaves
It has thick tapering roots, that are reminiscent of carrots and are up to 30 cm long and 1½ cm thick. The lower leaves consist of three sets of three or more leaflets, those in the middle with three main segments and each one incised, while the side leaflets have two unequal segments. The leaflets are dark green above and glaucous beneath, linear-oblong or lanceolate in shape, 5–12 cm long and 1-2½ cm wide, with a base that gradually narrows into the leaflet stalk segments, lobed or with an entire margin and a pointy tip. The number of segments and lobes may be between twenty and forty.
Flowers, fruits and seed
The flowers occur with one together at the end of the stem, are 8–10 cm in diameter, although sometimes aborted flower buds may be found in the axil of the highest leaves. Each flower is subtended by three or four unequal leaflet-like bracts. Each flower has three, rarely four roundish sepals of 2-2½ × 1½-2 cm, more or less extending into a narrow tip. The white or pale pink petals have an inverted egg-shape and are about 3½ × 2 cm. Both the filaments and anthers are yellow. There is very short yellow disk which encloses the base of two to four green and hairless carpels, which are topped by white styles capped by red to purple stigmas. The carpels later develop into ovoid fruits called follicle of 2½-3 cm long and about 1 cm wide. Mature seeds are indigo-blue while the inside of the follicles is bright red.
Differences with related species
Paeonia emodi is much alike P. sterniana, having white flowers with entirely yellow stamens, and segmented leaflets. P. emodi however is with up to 1 m much taller, has only one or rarely two carpels developing per flower which are softly hairy, has several flowers per stem, and ten to fifteen segments in each lower leaf, while in P. sterniana flowers are solitary, have two to four hairless carpels and the lower leaves consist of twenty to forty segments and lobes. The seeds P. emodi ripen much later than those of P. sterniana, which are already shed in August.
Taxonomy
Paeonia sterniana resulted from hybridisation between P. lactiflora and P. mairei which in the past probably were sympatric in the Himalayas, but are no longer present in the same area where P. sterniana occurs. P. sterniana was discovered for western science in 1938, by Frank Ludlow and George Taylor. Seeds were brought to the West in 1947, and subsequently cultivation started at Kew Gardens. Harold Roy Fletcher described the species in 1959. In 1997 Joseph Halda thought this taxon not worthy of full species status and reduced it to P. emodi subsp. sterniana. This view however is not supported in the most recent literature.
Etymology
The species was named in honor of Frederick Claude Stern, who supported plant hunting in China and wrote a comprehensive book on peonies.
Distribution
Paeonia sterniana grows among shrubs on stony slopes, and in oak forest, between 2800–3500 m altitude, in southeastern Tibet (Tsangpo Valley), particularly in Kongbo, Tamnyen, and Gyala.
Cultivation
This species is said to be easy to grow, though requiring well-drained soil, and thought to be particularly suited for rock gardens.
References
sterniana
Endemic flora of Tibet
Plants described in 1959
Garden plants of Asia
Martin Fitzgerald Lawrence (born April 16, 1965) is an American comedian and actor. He came to fame during the 1990s, establishing a Hollywood career as a leading actor. He got his start playing Maurice Warfield in What's Happening Now!! (1987–1988). He was a leading actor in the Fox television sitcom Martin, the Bad Boys franchise, and House Party, Boomerang, Open Season, Wild Hogs, Nothing to Lose, Blue Streak, Life, Black Knight, Big Momma's House, and A Thin Line Between Love and Hate.
Early life
The fourth of six children, Martin Fitzgerald Lawrence was born on April 16, 1965, in Frankfurt, West Germany. His father, John Lawrence, was serving in the U.S. military at the time of his birth. Lawrence's first and middle names were named after civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. and U.S. President John F. Kennedy, respectively. When Lawrence was seven, his father left the military, and the family moved from West Germany back to the United States, settling in Landover, Maryland, in the Washington, D.C., area. Following his parents' divorce when he was eight years old, Lawrence rarely saw his father, who was a police officer. His mother, Chlora (née Bailey), worked several jobs, including as a sales representative and cashier at various department stores to support her family.
During his teen years, Lawrence excelled at boxing. While living in Maryland, Lawrence attended Eleanor Roosevelt High School and Friendly High School, and he lived in Apple Grove, becoming a Mid-Atlantic Golden Gloves boxing contender.
Career
In his early days, Lawrence did comedy shows in the Washington, D.C., area and supported himself through odd jobs. Comedian Ritch Snyder saw his act and suggested Lawrence make connections in New York. Lawrence ended up moving to New York City and found his way to the comedy club The Improv. Shortly after appearing at The Improv, Lawrence won a performance spot on Star Search. He did well on the show and made it to the final round, but did not win. However, executives at Columbia Pictures Television saw Martin's performance and offered him the role of Maurice Warfield in What's Happening Now!!; this was his first acting job. Upon cancellation of that show, Lawrence found bit parts in various films and television series. His breakthrough role was as Cee in Do the Right Thing. Other roles followed in films such as the House Party series, Talkin' Dirty After Dark, and the Eddie Murphy vehicle Boomerang. During this period, entertainment mogul Russell Simmons selected him to host the groundbreaking series Def Comedy Jam on HBO. Def Comedy Jam gave many comedians (including Chris Tucker, Dave Chappelle, Mike Epps, Bernie Mac and Cedric the Entertainer) mainstream exposure.
During his stint with Def Comedy Jam, Lawrence appeared in his own hit series, Martin, which aired on Fox. The show ran from 1992 to 1997 and was an enormous success. Martin was the flagship of Fox's Thursday night line-up, which drew millions of viewers away from NBC's "Must See TV" line-up. He hosted Saturday Night Live on February 19, 1994, where he made crude remarks about women's genitalia and personal hygiene; the offensive portion of the monologue was edited out of NBC reruns and syndicated versions and Lawrence was banned from NBC for a period of time until he received an apology from the President of NBC at the time Warren Littlefield. Martins ratings continued to skyrocket so much that Fox became more of a contender against NBC and came closer to being considered among the top television networks. In 1995 he acted alongside Will Smith in Bad Boys with wide success.
After Martin ended its run in 1997, Lawrence found work in comedy films. He often starred as the second lead opposite actors including Eddie Murphy, Danny DeVito, and Tim Robbins. Many of his films were blockbusters at the box office, including Nothing to Lose, Life, Blue Streak, and Big Momma's House. He also starred in critical and box office failures, including Black Knight and National Security. Regardless, his salary steadily increased to over $10 million per film role. He continues to work in film, with such films as Big Momma's House 2, which opened at No. 1 at North American box office and grossed almost $28 million its first weekend, and Wild Hogs (2007), in which he played a bored suburbanite seeking adventure on the open road in a biker comedy alongside John Travolta, Tim Allen and William H. Macy.
In 2006, Lawrence appeared on Inside the Actors Studio, during which Lawrence briefly brought back to life some of the characters he had portrayed on Martin. He also appeared in Open Season as Boog, one of the main characters of the film. The movie also starred Ashton Kutcher, Debra Messing, and Gary Sinise.
In 2008, Lawrence starred in Walt Disney Pictures' College Road Trip co-starring with Raven-Symoné. It was his first G-rated film, but not his first appearance in a children's film: he supplied a voice for Open Season (2006) opposite Ashton Kutcher.
In 2011, Lawrence reprised his role as FBI agent Malcolm Turner in Big Mommas: Like Father, Like Son, the third film in the Big Momma series.
In January 2013, it was announced that Lawrence and Kelsey Grammer were considering pairing up to star in a comedy for Lionsgate Television. Partners, paired the two actors as Chicago lawyers from "vastly different backgrounds who unexpectedly meet in court on the worst day of their lives." The show premiered on August 4, 2014, but was cancelled after one season after receiving poor reviews.
In 2020, Lawrence reprised his role as Detective Marcus Burnett in the third installment of the Bad Boys franchise, Bad Boys for Life, again alongside Will Smith. The film was considered a financial success, grossing $112 million in its first four days of release.
Personal life
Relationships and family
Lawrence was engaged to actress Lark Voorhies in 1993. He married Miss Virginia USA, Patricia Southall, in 1995. Lawrence and Southall have a daughter, Jasmine Page (born January 15, 1996). In 1997, Lawrence began a relationship with Shamicka Gibbs. They married on July 10, 2010, at Lawrence's Beverly Hills home. Actors Eddie Murphy and Denzel Washington were among the 120 wedding guests; Lawrence and Gibbs have two daughters, Iyanna Faith (born November 9, 2000) and Amara Trinity (born August 20, 2002). Lawrence filed for divorce from Gibbs on April 25, 2012, citing irreconcilable differences and asking for joint legal and physical custody of the children.
Lawrence owns a farm near Purcellville, Virginia. For several years, he owned a large mansion in the Beverly Park community in Beverly Hills, where he wedded Gibbs. However, following their divorce, the property was available for lease at $200,000 per month in June 2012. In 2013, the property was up for sale for $26.5 million, and eventually he sold it for $17.2 million to Bruce Makowsky, buying an Encino, Los Angeles property for $6.63 million.
Arrests, lawsuits and health problems
In July 1995, while on the set filming A Thin Line Between Love and Hate, Lawrence lashed out in a violent rage and was then hospitalized at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center.
On May 8, 1996, he became increasingly erratic and was arrested after he brandished a pistol in the middle of an intersection on Ventura Boulevard in Los Angeles, screaming, "They're trying to kill me!" He was again hospitalized, with his public-relations agent citing exhaustion and dehydration as the reasons for this episode. On July 29, 1996, he tried to take a gun on a flight and received two years probation and a fine.
In January 1997, Lawrence's Martin co-star Tisha Campbell-Martin filed a lawsuit against him, alleging sexual harassment and abuse both on and off set. By April 1997, Campbell had settled the lawsuit, and returned to appear in the last two episodes of the series. In March 1997, Lawrence was arrested after punching a man in a Hollywood nightclub.
During August 1999, Lawrence slipped into a three-day coma after collapsing from heat exhaustion while jogging in heat in preparation for Big Momma's House while wearing heavy clothing and a "plastic suit". He recovered in the hospital after entering a near fatal coma due to a body temperature of , his breathing assisted by a ventilator.
Filmography
Film
Television
Discography
Awards and nominations
Blockbuster Entertainment Award
nominated with Eddie Murphy for Favorite Comedy Team (2000) for the movie Life
nominated for Favorite Actor (2001) for the movie Big Momma's House
NAACP Image Award
won Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series (1995) for the series Martin
won Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series (1996) for the series Martin
nominated for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series (1997) for the series Martin
Kids' Choice Award
nominated for Favorite Television Actor (1995) for the series Martin
nominated for Favorite Television Actor (1996) for the series Martin
nominated for Favorite Movie Actor (2001) for the movie Big Momma's House
MTV Movie Award
nominated with Will Smith for Best On-Screen Duo (1996) for the movie Bad Boys
nominated for the movie Big Momma's House
nominated with Will Smith for Best On-Screen Team (2003) for the movie Bad Boys II
ShoWest – Male Star of Tomorrow (1995)
Teen Choice Award – nominated for Wipeout Scene of the Summer (2000) for the movie Big Momma's House
BET Comedy Award – won' Icon Comedy Award (2005)
References
External links
Interview, 2005, BlackNews
Interview, 7/03, BlackFilm
Interview: January 25, 2006 on the Tavis Smiley show
Martin Lawrence HBO Stand-Up Special Videos
Living people
1965 births
20th-century American comedians
20th-century American male actors
20th-century Canadian male actors
21st-century American comedians
21st-century American male actors
African-American film directors
African-American male actors
African-American stand-up comedians
American male film actors
American male screenwriters
American male television actors
American male voice actors
American stand-up comedians
Canadian male film actors
Canadian male television actors
Canadian male voice actors
Comedians from New York City
Film directors from Maryland
Film directors from New York City
Film directors from Virginia
Film producers from New York (state)
Male actors from New York City
Male actors from Ontario
People from Landover, Maryland
People from Purcellville, Virginia
Screenwriters from Maryland
Screenwriters from New York (state)
Screenwriters from Virginia
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Aulolaimidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Araeolaimida.
Genera:
Aegialoalaimus de Man, 1907
Aulolaimus de Man, 1880
Gymnolaimus
Mehdilaimus Prabha, 1974
Pseudoaulolaimus Imamura, 1931
References
Nematodes
Cyperus ustulatus, also known as giant umbrella-sedge or coastal cutty grass is a species of sedge native to New Zealand. C. ustulatus generally grows in coastal or lowland areas near water in the North Island and on the Kermadec Islands.
The leaves are wide, shiny and folded. It produces long, dark brown seed heads after flowering in summer. The seed heads are held by a cluster of leaves at the top of the plant.
The Māori name for the plant is toetoe upoko-tangata. The word toetoe by itself generally refers to Austroderia which are in Poaceae, a different family. Alongside cattails (Typha orientalis, called raupō in the Maori language), it was a material used in traditional Māori kite-making.
See also
List of Cyperus species
References
ustulatus
Flora of New Zealand
Plants described in 1832
Mobilization is an academic journal that publishes original research and academic reviews of books concerned mainly with sociological research on protests, social movements, and collective behavior.
The journal was established in 1996 by Hank Johnston (San Diego State University). Johnston edited the journal for eleven years after which he was succeeded by Daniel J. Myers (University of Notre Dame) and then Rory McVeigh (University of Notre Dame). During Johnston's run as editor, the journal moved first from two to three issues per year and, starting with volume eleven, eventually became a quarterly journal. The current editor-in-chief is Neal Caren (University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill).
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2019 impact factor of 1.327, ranking it 76th out of 150 journals in the category "Sociology" and making it the second highest impact journal in social movement studies, behind Social Movement Studies.
References
External links
Publications established in 1996
Sociology journals
Quarterly journals
Works about social movements
English-language journals
John Edward Philips (born 1952) is an American historian. He is a retired Professor of International Society, Hirosaki University of Japan, with many works on African history. After taking his PhD in history at UCLA in 1992, he taught at several universities in Japan, especially Hirosaki University (1997-2018) and Akita Keizaihoka University (1988-1997). Since retiring in 2018, he has been an adjunct professor in several universities in Nigeria.
Regarding Slave Elites in the Middle East and Africa: A Comparative Study (2000), reviewer Linda S. Northrup states: "This volume constitutes a rich resource for the study of slavery and slave elites....the research may extend well beyond the interests of historians, for the study of this phenomenon may have implications for understanding the roots of instability in the Islamic world today."
His edited book Writing African History (2005), was named a Choice Outstanding Academic Title in 2006. Copies are held in over 600 academic libraries worldwide. Reviewer Saheed Aderinto states:This book is to date the most multidisciplinary volume on African historiography....The editor adds value to the content of the essays with a brilliant introduction and conclusion, which explore the meaning of history and historical research. In the concluding chapter, he provides a step -to -step approach to the following closely related task: choosing a topic, data collection, data evaluation, data organization and writing.
Publications
Author/editor
Black Africa's Largest Islamic Kingdom Before Colonialism: Royal Ribats Of Kano and Sokoto (2016) details
“The Early Issues of the First Newspaper in Hausa Gaskiya Ta Fi Kwabo, 1939–1945.” History in Africa, vol. 41, 2014, pp. 425–31. online
editor, Writing African History (2005).
“Hausa in the Twentieth Century: An Overview.” Sudanic Africa, vol. 15, (2004), pp. 55–84. online.
Spurious Arabic: Hausa and Colonial Nigeria (2000)
Domestic Aliens: The Zangon Kataf Crisis and the African Concept of Stranger. London (2000)
coeditor, Slave Elites in the Middle East and Africa: A Comparative Study, edited with Miura Toru (Kegan Paul International. 2000)
“African Studies in Japan.” African Studies Review, vol. 40, no. 3, 1997, pp. 161–80. online
“Some Recent Thinking on Slavery in Islamic Africa and the Middle East.” Middle East Studies Association Bulletin, vol. 27, no. 2, 1993, pp. 157–62. online
"The African heritage of white America" (1990)
“African Smoking and Pipes.” The Journal of African History, vol. 24, no. 3, 1983, pp. 303–19. online
Selected reviews
“Kindred concerns and an abortive alliance.” Journal of African History, vol. 53, no. 3, 2012, pp. 419–21. online.
"Telling Stories", American Historical Review, vol. 113, no. 2, 2008, pp. 620–620. online
"Concubines and Power," Africa: Journal of the International African Institute, Vol. 76, No. 3 (2006), pp. 450-451 online
"The Trouble with Nigeria" African Studies Review, Vol. 48, No. 2 (Sep., 2005), pp. 133-139. online
"Handlists of Islamic Manuscripts: Nigeria" British Journal of Middle Eastern Studies, Vol. 23, No. 2 (Nov., 1996), pp. 243-245. online
"View of Islam: A Multi-Media Tour, (CD-ROM)" Middle East Studies Association Bulletin, Vol. 30, No. 1 (July 1996), pp. 125-126 online
References
External links
John Philips papers online from Hirosaki Academia
John Edward Philips on Google Scholar
Philips, John Edward 1952– on WorldCat
21st-century American historians
1952 births
Living people
American male writers
American expatriate academics
Male non-fiction writers
Hirosaki University faculty
20th-century American historians
Myanmar, then competing as Burma, first participated at the Olympic Games in 1948, and has sent athletes to compete in every Summer Olympic Games since then, except for the 1976 Games. The nation has never participated in the Winter Olympic Games. Since the 1992 Games, the nation has been designated as Myanmar in Olympic competition.
As of 2021, no Burmese athlete has ever won an Olympic medal. Kay Thi Win placed fourth in Weightlifting at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's 48 kg.
The National Olympic Committee for Myanmar was created in 1947 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee that same year.
Medal tables
Medals by Summer Games
See also
List of flag bearers for Myanmar at the Olympics
:Category:Olympic competitors for Myanmar
Myanmar at the Paralympics
Myanmar at the Asian Games
Myanmar at the Asian Para Games
Myanmar at the Southeast Asian Games
References
External links
Olympics
Osmar is a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Osmar Aparecido de Azevedo (born 1980), Brazilian striker
Osmar Coelho Claudiano (born 1982), Brazilian right back
Osmar Donizete Cândido (born 1968), Brazilian football player
Osmar dos Santos (born 1968), Brazilian middle-distance runner who competes mostly over 800 metres
Osmar Ferreira Júnior (born 1987), Brazilian football striker
Osmar Ferreyra (born 1983), Argentine football midfielder
Osmar Mares (born 1987), Mexican footballer currently playing for Santos Laguna
Osmar Molinas, (born 1985), football midfielder from Paraguay
Osmar Núñez, Argentine drama and short film actor
Osmar Sigueira (born 1988), Brazilian football player
Osmar Ibáñez (born 1988), Spanish football player
Osmar R. Zaiane (born 1965), German computer scientist
Places
Osmar, Bulgaria, village in Veliki Preslav Municipality, Shumen Province
Others
Osmar: The Heel of the Loaf, a Brazilian animated television series
Susheela Laxman Bangaru (14 March 1948 in Jhansi – 3 March 2018 in Hyderabad) was an Indian politician. She was a member of Lok Sabha from 2004 to 2009, elected from Jalore constituency in Rajasthan as a candidate of Bharatiya Janata Party. She was the wife of politician Bangaru Laxman.
References
External links
Official biographical sketch in Parliament of India website
India MPs 2004–2009
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Rajasthan
Women in Rajasthan politics
People from Jalore district
1948 births
2018 deaths
Politicians from Jhansi
Sirohi district
Lok Sabha members from Rajasthan
21st-century Indian women politicians
21st-century Indian politicians
Women members of the Lok Sabha
Mitteleuropa is an album by the Jazz Marca (Roberto Magris / Lilli Furlan / Franco Polisseni Trio), with the addition of a horn section, guitar, vibes and percussion, released in 1986 on the Gulliver label and reissued in 2006 by the English label Arision.
Reception
The Basic Soul review by Andy Allen simply states: "Here pianist Roberto Magris extends his usual trio to accommodate a horn section giving the compositions a much fuller sound than that found on their Comunicazione Sonora album, which is most effective on the immaculate Dedalus."
Track listing
Città Di Frontiera (Roberto Magris) - 12:06
Dedalus (Roberto Magris) - 8:15
Annamaria (Roberto Magris) - 1:36
Three Dorico Time (B. Vatta – arr. R. Magris) - 7:33
Blues Transfert (Roberto Magris) - 13:21
Personnel
Musicians
Roberto Magris - piano
Lilli Furlan - bass
Franco Polisseni - drums
Andrea Sottani - trumpet
Sergio Campagnolo - alto sax
Ettore Martin - tenor sax
Tiziano Strata - baritone sax
Roberto Cocever - guitar
Saverio Tasca - vibraphone and percussion
References
Jazz albums
1986 albums
Tarquin (Latin Tarquinius) may refer to:
Tarquin (opera), a chamber opera
Given name
Lucius Tarquinius Priscus or Tarquin the Elder (died 579 BC), fifth of the seven legendary kings of Rome
Lucius Tarquinius Superbus or Tarquin the Proud (died 496 BC), last of the seven legendary kings of Rome
Sextus Tarquinius, son of Tarquin the Proud, of the Tarquin and Lucretia story
Tarquin Hall (born 1969), British writer and journalist
Tarquin Gotch, entertainment industry veteran
Tarquin Blackwood, a fictional character from The Vampire Chronicles
General Tarquin, a character from the webcomic The Order of the Stick
Tarquin Fin-tim-lin-bin-whin-bim-lim-bus-stop-F'tang-F'tang-Olé-Biscuitbarrel, character from the Monty Python sketch Election Night Special
Tarquin, Sheridan's boyfriend on the TV series Keeping Up Appearances
Surname
Brian Tarquin (21st century), American guitarist
Didier Tarquin (born 1967), French cartoonist and scenarist
Fictional
Tarquin, a telepathic alien from the episode "Exile" of the science-fiction television series Star Trek: Enterprise.
See also
Tarkin (disambiguation)
National Highway 69A (NH 69A), was a National Highway in India that ran entirely within the state of Madhya Pradesh. The western terminal was in Multai and the eastern terminal was in Seoni. The length of the highway NH 69 A was 158 km.
New numbering
Due to a notification from Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, NH 69A has been renumbered as National Highway 347.
Major cities en route
Multai, Chhindwara, Chaurai Khas and Seoni.
References
See also
List of National Highways in India (by Highway Number)
National Highways Development Project
National highways in India (old numbering)
69 A
XX or xx may refer to:
Arts, entertainment and media
Music
The xx, a British indie band
X___X (band), a Cleveland no wave band
xx (album), by the xx, 2009
XX (Mushroomhead album), 2001
XX (Great Big Sea album), 2012
XX (O.A.R. album), 2016
XX (Mino album), 2018
XX, a 2018 album by Note-oriety
"xx", a song by Hayley Kiyoko from Expectations
"XX", a song by Feid from Ferxxo (Vol 1: M.O.R)
Toto XX, a 1998 album by Toto
XX – Two Decades of Love Metal, a 2012 album by HIM
+ +, an EP by Loona repackaged as [X X] in 2019
Other uses in arts and entertainment
XX (film), a 2017 anthology horror film
"XX", an episode of CSI: Crime Scene Investigation (season 4)
XX (organization), a fictional organisation in the comic and game XIII
Les XX, a group of twenty Belgian painters
XX, the production code for the 1969 Doctor Who is a serial The Seeds of Death
XX (web series), a 2020 South Korean web series
Organisations
XX Bomber Command, an inactive United States Air Force unit
XX Corps (disambiguation)
Legio XX Valeria Victrix or Legion XX, a legion of the Roman Empire
Other uses
20 (number), Roman numeral XX
XX System or Double-Cross System, a British deception operation in the Second World War
XX chromosome, in the XY sex-determination system
Dos Equis or XX, a brand of Mexican beer
xx, to express exponentiation in the initial version of the FORTRAN programming language
See also
20 (disambiguation)
Double Cross (disambiguation)
X (disambiguation)
XXX (disambiguation)
XXXX (disambiguation)
The many-banded araçari (Pteroglossus pluricinctus), is a species of bird in the family Ramphastidae. It is found in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Description
It measures between 40.6 and 43 cm in length. The beak is between 102 and 107 mm long and is ivory yellow on the top and black on the top line of the culmen and below. It has a black head, neck and upper chest; naked blue skin around the eyes; the tops with bright green feathers; lower part of the chest and belly yellow with two horizontal bands reddish to blackish and red rump to rufa.
Diet
Foraging in same species flocks, they are primarily frugivorous, with opportunistic preying on insects, small birds and bird eggs, and lizards. They play a role in seed dispersal of fruits with a dispersion range of hundreds of meters. They are likely to regurgitate seeds as opposed to digesting/excreting them to avoid ballast.
References
many-banded aracari
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Colombian Amazon
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Venezuelan Amazon
many-banded aracari
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Wei Xin (; born April 18, 1977, in Chongqing) is a Chinese football manager and former player who is the current manager of Fujian Broncos F.C. Before becoming a coach, he played professionally as a versatile defender or midfielder who predominantly represented Chongqing Lifan as well as the Chinese national football team.
Playing career
Wei Xin was inseparable from Chongqing throughout his entire football career playing for youth and then senior teams within the city. When Qianwei Huandao football club moved into the city and then later rename themselves Chongqing Lifan they would take on Wei Xin and give him the chance to play in the top tier of Chinese football. With this club he would become a vital member of the team and win the 2000 Chinese FA Cup, which was his greatest achievement with the club. This would lead to an international call-up where he would make his debut against North Korea on August 3, 2001, in a 2–2 draw. He would miss the 2002 FIFA World Cup, however his ability to play as a left back or midfield saw him able to return to the national team and be included in the 2004 AFC Asian Cup where he played a vital part in the teams runners-up position. Despite not even being thirty years old he was rewarded with his loyalty towards Chongqing with a coaching position, which he took seriously enough to end his playing career by the end of the 2006 league season.
Management career
At the start of the 2007 league season Wei Xin was offered the head coach position within Chongqing Lifan; this made him the youngest coach in China's professional football history. His appointment required him to win promotion from the recently relegated side, which was something he achieved when he guided the team to a runners-up position at the end of the 2008 league season and promotion back into the Chinese Super League.
Career statistics
International
All international A match are counted
Honours
Player
Club
1995 – China City Games 5th
1998-2001 – China Super League 4th
2000 – Philips Chinese FA Cup
International
2004 – AFC Asian Cup Runner-up
References
External links
Profile at Sports.sina.com.cn
1977 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Chongqing
Chongqing Liangjiang Athletic F.C. players
Chongqing Liangjiang Athletic F.C. managers
China international footballers
2004 AFC Asian Cup players
Chinese football managers
Association football defenders
Nantong Zhiyun F.C. managers
Association football midfielders
Albert Trim (6 October 1875 – 11 July 1954) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Football
A defender from Beechworth, Trim played in Beechworth's 1897 Ovens & Murray Football League premiership side.
Trim played in South Melbourne's losing 1899 VFL Grand Final team and captained his club for the 1901 season. He spent his final two league seasons at Carlton and appeared in another losing Grand Final in 1904. During 1899, 1903 and 1904, Trim represented the VFL at interstate football.
In 1905 he moved to Western Australia and played for South Fremantle. He was elected captain during the season and held the position until the end of 1906.
Death
He died in Western Australia in July 1954.
See also
The Footballers' Alphabet
Notes
References
External links
1897 – Ovens & Murray FA Premiers: Beechworth FC team photo
1875 births
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Sydney Swans players
Carlton Football Club players
1954 deaths
South Fremantle Football Club players
Severe Tropical Cyclone Rewa affected six countries and caused 22 deaths on its 28-day journey across the South Pacific Ocean in December 1993 and January 1994. Cyclone Rewa developed from a tropical disturbance on 28 December south of Nauru. After forming, Rewa moved southwest through the Solomon Islands, crossing the 160th meridian east from the South Pacific basin into the Australian region. The cyclone began to strengthen steadily and turned southward, paralleling the eastern Australian coast through 31 December. Rewa reached its initial peak intensity as a Category 4 tropical cyclone on 2 January. It maintained this intensity for about 12 hours before an increase in wind shear induced its weakening by 3 January. The cyclone turned southeastward and moved back into the South Pacific basin on 4 January, before it passed over New Caledonia between 5–6 January. After affecting New Caledonia, Rewa weakened to a tropical depression and turned northwestward before re-entering the Australian basin on 10 January.
Over the following days, the cyclone showed signs of restrengthening and executed an elongated cyclonic loop to the southeast of Papua New Guinea. Rewa subsequently entered a phase of quick intensification while proceeding southeastward, peaking in intensity as a Category 5 severe tropical cyclone. It recurved toward the southwest while gradually weakening for several days. Although forecasters had predicted Rewa to make landfall near Mackay, Queensland, the cyclone began interacting with an upper-level trough on 18 January, causing it to divert to the southeast and move along the Queensland coast. Rewa transitioned into an extratropical cyclone on 20 January, with its remnants bringing heavy rain to New Zealand three days later.
The cyclone caused the deaths of 22 people on its course, affecting parts of the Solomon Islands, Papua New Guinea, Eastern Australia, New Caledonia, Vanuatu and New Zealand. Nine people in a banana dinghy en route to Rossel Island went missing at the height of the storm; they were presumed drowned after wreckage from their boat turned up at the island. In Queensland, three people died in traffic accidents caused by the storm, and another fatality occurred when a boy became trapped in a storm pipe. One death took place in New Caledonia, while flooding caused eight drownings in Papua New Guinea. Because of the severe impacts that Rewa brought, the name was retired.
Meteorological history
During 26 December, the Fiji Meteorological Service (FMS) started to monitor a tropical depression that had developed within the Intertropical Convergence Zone, about 575 km (355 mi) to the south-east of Nauru. Over the next few days the depression gradually developed and organised further, as it moved towards the west-southwest under the influence of a north-easterly steering flow. During 28 December, the JTWC classified the depression as Tropical Cyclone 05P, before the FMS named it Rewa as it had become a category 1 tropical cyclone on the Australian tropical cyclone intensity scale. Over the next few days, the system gradually intensified under the influence of favorable upper-level winds while it moved towards the south-southwest, passing through the Solomon Islands on 29 December and affecting the southeastern islands of Papua New Guinea. As it moved through the Solomon Islands, Rewa moved out of the South Pacific basin and into the Australian region, where the Australian Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) took the primary warning responsibility for the system.
On December 30, the JTWC reported that Rewa had become equivalent to a category 1 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane scale (SSHS); early the next day the BoM reported that the system had developed into a category 3 severe tropical cyclone, and an eye became visible on satellite imagery. The system then abruptly turned and started to move towards the south parallel to the Queensland coast because of an interaction with an upper-level trough of low pressure. During 2 January, Rewa's eye became well defined and compact on microwave imagery, as it fluctuated in intensity, with Dvorak technique numbers of 6.0 and 7.0 recorded before it reached its peak intensities. As a result of these numbers, the BoM estimated 10 - minute sustained windspeeds of and a minimum pressure of , which made it a category 5 severe tropical cyclone on the Australian Scale. Meanwhile, the JTWC estimated that Rewa had peaked with 1-minute 1-minute sustained windspeeds of , which made it a category 4 hurricane on the SSHWS. Rewa remained at its peak intensity for 24 hours before the system started to weaken during January 3, as strengthening upper level north-westerlies increased vertical wind shear over the system. Throughout that day, the cyclone started to move towards the south-east, before it started to take a more eastwards track as it approached 160°E.
During 4 January, Rewa moved back into the South Pacific basin and continued eastward as a weakening category 3 severe tropical cyclone, with 10-minute sustained wind speeds estimated at . During the next day, its eye became obscured after the mountains of New Caledonia affected Rewa's circulation by creating a hot and dry Foehn wind. The FMS reported that the system had weakened into a category 2 tropical cyclone, while the JTWC reported that Rewa had become a tropical storm. The system subsequently made landfall in the vicinity of Saint Vincent Bay on New Caledonia's south-western coast, before it emerged near Thio from the east coast during 6 January. By January 7, Rewa's circulation had become exposed under the influence of upper level north-westerlies; as a result both the FMS and JTWC reported that Rewa had weakened into a depression. Over the next 3 days, the residual low-level circulation was steered towards the northwest and Papua New Guinea in a southeasterly trade wind flow generated by a powerful area of high pressure located between New Zealand and Kermadec Islands. During 10 January, Rewa's remnants moved out of the South Pacific basin and back into the Australian region while starting to re-intensify into a tropical cyclone, as a mid to upper-level trough over eastern Australia increased in size.
As it moved into the Australian region, Rewa began to move in a long arc to the northwest and then to the north, and on January 13, both the JTWC and the Papua New Guinea National Weather Service reported that the system had re-intensified into a tropical cyclone around Papua New Guinea's southern islands. Later that day, Rewa executed a sharp clockwise turn near Tagula Island and started to move towards the southeast and the BoM's area of responsibility while gradually intensifying further. During January 15, the BoM reported that the system had re-intensified into a category 3 severe tropical cyclone, while the JTWC reported that Rewa had become equivalent to a category 1 hurricane again. Later that day, the system started to rapidly intensify as an upper-level trough approached the system. During the next day the JTWC reported that the system had peaked with 1-minute sustained windspeeds of 230 km/h (145 mph). The BoM then reported later that day, that Rewa had peaked with 10-minute sustained windspeeds of 205 km/h (125 mph), which made it a category 5 severe tropical cyclone on the Australian tropical cyclone intensity scale. After it had peaked in intensity, the system recurved towards the south-southwest where it started to weaken gradually. By 18 January the JTWC reported that Rewa had weakened into a tropical storm, while throughout that day the BoM assessed Rewa as a category 3 severe tropical cyclone. During the next day, the BoM reported that Rewa had weakened into a category 2 tropical cyclone as it recurved and started to move towards the south-east about to the east of Mackay, Queensland. Over the next couple of days the system moved towards the south-southeast along the Queensland coast while maintaining its intensity. During January 21, the BoM and the JTWC reported that Rewa had weakened below cyclone strength, as the system moved back into the South Pacific basin for the third and final time. Rewa's remnants were last noted during 23 January, by New Zealand's Metservice, as they dissipated to the east of the South Island.
Preparations and impact
Twenty-two people lost their lives in accidents caused by Cyclone Rewa, while it affected parts off the Solomon Islands, Papua New Guinea, Australia, New Caledonia, Vanuatu and New Zealand. Due to the impact of this storm, the name Rewa was retired.
The Solomon Islands, New Caledonia, Vanuatu and New Zealand
The Solomon Islands were affected by the developing tropical cyclone between 28–30 December and was the first Island country to be impacted by Rewa. As it developed into a tropical cyclone on 28 December, the system passed to the north of the outer lying atolls of Malaita Province in the Solomon Islands. Rewa then passed over the southern tip of Malaita Island, before passing to the south of Guadalcanal Island and the north of Rennell Island during 29 December.
Cyclone Rewa started to affect New Caledonia on 5 January, before it passed over Grand Terre Island later that day. Rewa dumped over 300 mm (12 in) of rain on parts of the archipelago, which made all of the major rivers overflow and burst their banks. Several landslides and a death were recorded within New Caledonia, while on the Loyalty Island of Mare, waves from Rewa partially destroyed the harbour wall at Tadine's port.
The system had no effect on Vanuatu while it passed through the Solomon Islands between 28 – 30 December; however the southern islands of Vanuatu were affected by the cyclone after it had passed through New Caledonia during 5 January. As it moved towards the north-west between 6–8 January, Rewa brought high seas and strong winds to parts of the island nation including the provinces of Shefa and Tafea. Some damage was recorded to Port Villa's harbours intertidal zone, as the system passed about to the southeast of the city.
Between 19–24 January, Rewa's remnants, a slow moving weather front over Fiordland and a southerly brought widespread rainfall and flooding to New Zealand's South Island. In Westland, Fiordland and the Southern Lakes, landslides and flooding occurred on 21 January, while several roads and bridges were damaged.
Papua New Guinea
Cyclone Rewa affected Papua New Guinea on two separate occasions while it was active, with the cyclone first affecting the archipelago between 28 December and 1 January, before grazing the archipelago between 12–14 January. Before Rewa affected the country, cyclone alerts and warnings were issued for Sudest, Rossel and Samarai islands, while authorities urged people not to go to beaches. As it affected the archipelago, Rewa brought heavy rainfall, high seas, and wind gusts of up to 100 km/h (60 mph) to parts of the archipelago including Sudest, Rossel and Samarai islands. The hardest hit areas were communities near major river systems, with the cyclone blocking roads, destroying a church, bridges, homes and gardens with vital crops such as coffee and copra destroyed. In total, Cyclone Rewa left around 3500 people homeless and caused 17 deaths, 8 of which were due to flooding. Nine other people went missing while travelling to Rossel Island after their boat was caught up in high seas associated with Rewa. They were later presumed dead by the National Disaster and Emergency Service, after a local search and rescue mission found wreckage of the boat. At 00:00 UTC on 30 December, the automatic weather station at Jingo on Rossel island recorded a maximum sustained wind of 55 km/h (35 mph).
Australia
During the opening days of 1994, Rewa moved southwards parallel to the Queensland coast; however, because it was located about 600 km (370 mi) to the north-east of Mackay, it was too far away from the coast for there to be any direct impact on Queensland. The only indirect impact was higher surf, from which several people had to be rescued from before the cyclone started to move towards New Caledonia during 4 January. As Rewa affected Queensland for the second time, watches and warnings were issued for various parts of Queensland by the BoM, who predicted a landfall near Mackay. On 18 January local disaster committees met to consider evacuating people, while people who were on vacation in national parks were alerted about Rewa by a helicopter. A military training exercise that was due to take place in Shoalwater Bay had to be cancelled, with army personal evacuated to Rockhampton to avoid being cut off by flood waters. Along the coast, several ports including Gladstone were shut with large vessels told to head to sea and small vessels told to batten down and prepare for the storm.
On 19 January Rewa started to affect Queensland with torrential rain and storm force windspeeds which caused some damage along the coast. However it did not make its predicted landfall near Mackay, instead it recurved to the south-southeast and came to within 100 km (60 mi) of the coast. Two men off Yeppoon's coast were rescued from a fishing trawler by an army Black Hawk helicopter after high seas damaged the trawler's propeller and snapped its heavy anchor chain, leaving it drifting helplessly in the cyclone's path. The worst affected island was Lady Elliot as it bore the brunt of the wind, while on Heron Island, several rare trees and bird rookeries were either destroyed or severely damaged. As Rewa interacted with an upper trough of low pressure on 19 January, heavy rainfall and thunderstorms were observed in parts of Brisbane and the Gold Coast. Brisbane received over in just six hours, which led to some localised flash flooding in parts of the city and four deaths. Three of the deaths were from people crashing their cars, while the other death occurred when a person went surfing Brisbane's flood water and got trapped in a storm drain. Within Brisbane, 100 homes and 20 cars were damaged by the flood waters, while a Sheffield Shield cricket match between Western Australia and Queensland was delayed, after the Gabba resembled a small lake.
See also
Cyclone Katrina (1998) – another erratic and long-lived tropical cyclone
Hurricane John (1994) – the longest-tracked tropical cyclone on record
References
External links
1993–94 Australian region cyclone season
1993–94 South Pacific cyclone season
Category 3 South Pacific cyclones
Category 5 Australian region cyclones
Tropical cyclones in Australia
Retired South Pacific cyclones
Tropical cyclones in New Caledonia
Tropical cyclones in New Zealand
Tropical cyclones in Papua New Guinea
Tropical cyclones in the Solomon Islands
Tropical cyclones in Vanuatu
Floods in New Zealand
Prashant R. Khemka is a CFA, the founder and managing director of WhiteOak Capital Management, and the former CIO of emerging market equities for Goldman Sachs.
Early life and career
Born on 4 November 1971, in Mumbai, India, Khemka obtained an MBA in Finance from the Owen Graduate School of Management under Vanderbilt University, Nashville, Tennessee, in 1988.
He started his professional career at State Street Global Advisors in Boston.
Life at Goldman Sachs Asset Management
In 2000, Khekma joined Goldman Sachs as an equity analyst and was co-chairing an equity fund worth $30 billion within four years.
After returning to India in 2006, he started managing Goldman Sachs India Equity which received a AAA rating from Citywire. Under Khemka, Goldman's Global Emerging Markets (GEM) Equity grew from less than $500 million to more than $2.6 billion.
In 2017, Khemka quit Goldman Sachs India to launch his own Mumbai-based firm, White Oak Capital Management.
Personal life
Prashant Khemka is married to Ritu Khemka and has three children. He is an avid cricket fan and was a chess enthusiast in college.
Sources
Businesspeople from Mumbai
1971 births
Living people
CFA charterholders
Goldman Sachs people
Vanderbilt University alumni
University of Mumbai alumni
Henri Mollin (born 17 December 1958) is a Belgian former alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics and 1984 Winter Olympics.
External links
1958 births
Living people
Belgian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Belgium
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
"We Just Decided To" is the first episode of the first season of the American television series The Newsroom. It first aired on June 24, 2012 in the United States on HBO. "We Just Decided To" was written by creator Aaron Sorkin and directed by Greg Mottola. In the aftermath of his public tirade, acclaimed Atlantis Cable News anchor Will McAvoy (Jeff Daniels) returns to his job to find that most of his staff are leaving and his new executive producer is his ex-girlfriend, MacKenzie McHale (Emily Mortimer) and when some breaking news about a potentially disastrous oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico hits the network, the staff faces a new challenge.
Entertainment Weekly reported in April 2009 that Sorkin, while still working on the screenplay for The Social Network, was contemplating a new TV drama about the behind-the-scenes events at a cable news program. To research the cable news world, Sorkin had been an off-camera guest at MSNBC's Countdown with Keith Olbermann in 2010 to observe the show's production and quizzed Parker Spitzers staff when he was a guest on that show. Sorkin told TV Guide that he intended to take a less cynical view of the media: "They're going to be trying to do well in a context where it's very difficult to do well when there are commercial concerns and political concerns and corporate concerns."
According to the Nielsen Media Research, the episode attained 2.14 million viewers upon initial airing. "We Just Decided To" received mixed reviews from critics.
Plot
The series opens with news anchor Will McAvoy participating in a panel at Northwestern University's Medill School of Journalism and giving a controversial speech on America's recent decline as a nation, shocking the audience. He then goes on vacation for two weeks to let the dust settle, and comes back to work only to find that his executive producer and most of his team are leaving him for another news anchor. He also discovers that his boss, Charlie Skinner, has hired him a new executive producer; Mackenzie MacHale, Will's ex-girlfriend with whom Will has bad history. He protests, but Charlie is adamant, insisting that Mackenzie will build on his performance at Northwestern and help develop a new, improved news broadcast. Will eventually allows Mackenzie to work with him but only under the condition that he can fire her at the end of each week. Meanwhile, a news alert comes in about an explosion off the Gulf of Mexico, but no one in the newsroom believes it to be worth pursuing. Thanks to an anonymous tip given to one of Mackenzie's team members, Jim, they start to realize that the fire is actually an oil rig explosion that occurred relatively near to the Louisiana coast and that the oil spill has yet to be plugged. Will decides to take up the case and the Louisiana oil spill ends up being the main piece of news for the evening show. Their show ends up being the only one to do the piece on the oil spill; all other news stations had not realized the severity of the situation and based their shows on the iPhone prototype.
Production
Development
Entertainment Weekly reported in April 2009 that Sorkin, while still working on the screenplay for The Social Network, was contemplating a new TV drama about the behind-the-scenes events at a cable news program. Sorkin was the series creator of Sports Night and Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip, both shows depicting the off-camera happenings of fictional television programs. Talks were reportedly ongoing between Sorkin and HBO since 2010. In January 2011, Sorkin revealed the project on BBC News.
To research the cable news world, Sorkin had been an off-camera guest at MSNBC's Countdown with Keith Olbermann in 2010 to observe the show's production and quizzed Parker Spitzers staff when he was a guest on that show. He also spent time shadowing Hardball with Chris Matthews as well as other programs on Fox News Channel and CNN. Sorkin told TV Guide that he intended to take a less cynical view of the media: "They're going to be trying to do well in a context where it's very difficult to do well when there are commercial concerns and political concerns and corporate concerns." Sorkin decided that rather than have his characters react to fictional news events as on his earlier series, The Newsroom would be set in the recent past and track real-world stories largely as they unfolded, in order to give a greater sense of realism.
In January 2011, HBO ordered a pilot with the working title More as This Story Develops. The Social Network Scott Rudin signed on as executive producer. Rudin's only previous television work was the 1996 spinoff series Clueless. By June, Jeff Daniels, Emily Mortimer, Sam Waterston, Olivia Munn, and Dev Patel were cast, while Greg Mottola had signed on to direct the pilot. The pilot script was later reportedly obtained by several news outlets.
On September 8, 2011, HBO ordered a full series starting with an initial 10-episode run with a premiere date set for summer 2012. A day after the second episode aired, HBO renewed the series for a second season.
Series title
While the pilot was in development, the project was tentatively titled More as This Story Develops. On November 29, 2011, HBO filed for a trademark on "The Newsroom" with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The new name immediately drew comparisons with the Ken Finkleman-created Canadian comedy series of the same name that aired on CBC and public television stations in the U.S. The series' name was confirmed as The Newsroom in an HBO promo released on December 21, 2011, previewing its programs for 2012.
Writing in Maclean's, Jaime Weinman said the choice of name was "a bit of a grimly amusing reminder that the U.S. TV industry doesn't take Canada very seriously ... 'The Newsroom' is often considered the greatest show Canada has ever produced, but a U.S. network feels no need to fear unflattering comparisons: assuming they've heard of the show, they probably think most people in the States have not heard of it."
Casting
Jeff Daniels was cast in the lead role in March 2011. Alison Pill and Olivia Munn reportedly entered negotiations to star in April 2011. The fictional executive producer role was initially offered to Marisa Tomei, but negotiations fell through. Tomei was replaced by Emily Mortimer in May 2011. Sam Waterston also joined the project in May. John Gallagher, Jr., Thomas Sadoski, Josh Pence, and Dev Patel were added to the cast in June 2011.
New York magazine reported that Sorkin had planned for MSNBC host Chris Matthews and Andrew Breitbart to appear in a roundtable debate scene in the pilot. However, the idea was shot down by MSNBC purportedly because the network was displeased with the corporate culture portrayal of cable news and skewering of left-leaning media in the show's script.
Filming
The Newsrooms set is located in Sunset Gower Studios, Hollywood, California. Production began in the fall of 2011. The schedule called for each episode – comprising a dialogue-dense script – to be filmed in nine days, as opposed to six to seven days for broadcast network TV series. The pilot took 18 days of filming. On the third day of filming they filmed Will McAvoy's speech at Northwestern University which Sorkin added only two weeks before.
Reception
Critical reaction to the episode has been mixed. It has a score of 57 out of 100 based on 31 reviews on review aggregator Metacritic, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Tim Goodman of The Hollywood Reporter writes that how viewers respond to the show "has everything to do with whether you like his style. Because ... Sorkin is always true to himself and doesn't try to cover his tendencies or be embarrassed by them." Alessandra Stanley of The New York Times commented that "at its best ... The Newsroom has a wit, sophistication and manic energy.... But at its worst, the show chokes on its own sanctimony." Maureen Ryan of The Huffington Post called the preview episodes "a dramatically inert, infuriating mess, one that wastes a fine cast to no demonstrable purpose, unless you consider giving Sorkin yet another platform in which to Set the People Straight is a worthwhile purpose." Times James Poniewozik criticized the show for being "smug" and "intellectually self-serving," with "Aaron Sorkin writing one argument after another for himself to win." Los Angeles Times critic Mary McNamara said the show's drama is "weighted too heavily toward sermonizing diatribes."
Reviews by newscasters have been mixed as well. Jake Tapper of ABC News criticized Sorkin's partisanship: "they extol the Fourth Estate's democratic duty, but they believe that responsibility consists mostly of criticizing Republicans." Dave Marash was not convinced that the show portrays the news industry accurately. Former CBS Evening News anchor Dan Rather gave a favorable review, saying the show "has the potential to become a classic."
Jeff Daniels won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series for his performance in this episode at the 65th Primetime Emmy Awards.
References
External links
2012 American television episodes
American television series premieres
The Newsroom (American TV series) episodes
Roswell G. "Little Hig" Higginbotham (August 15, 1898 – May 25, 1943) was an American football and baseball player and coach. He died on May 25, 1943 at Naval Air Station Quonset Point. He was the younger brother of Grady Higginbotham.
Head coaching record
References
External links
1898 births
1943 deaths
American football halfbacks
Baseball shortstops
Austin Kangaroos baseball coaches
Austin Kangaroos football coaches
Paris Snappers players
SMU Mustangs baseball coaches
SMU Mustangs football coaches
Texas A&M Aggies baseball coaches
Texas A&M Aggies baseball players
Texas A&M Aggies football players
People from Grayson County, Texas
Players of American football from Texas
Baseball players from Texas
Dauenhauer is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Nora Marks Dauenhauer (1927–2017), American poet, writer, and scholar
Paul Dauenhauer (born 1980), American engineer and inventor
Richard Dauenhauer (1942–2014), American poet and translator
The Sun (XIX) is the nineteenth trump or Major Arcana card in most traditional tarot decks. It is used in game playing as well as in divination.
Description
An infant rides a white horse under the anthropomorphized Sun, with sunflowers in the background.
Rider–Waite symbolism
A. E. Waite suggested that this card is associated with attained knowledge. The child of life holds a red flag, representing the blood of renewal while a smiling sun shines down on him, representing accomplishment. The conscious mind prevails over the fears and illusions of the unconscious. Innocence is renewed through discovery, bringing hope for the future.
Interpretation
This card is generally considered positive. It is said to reflect happiness and contentment, vitality, self-confidence and success. Sometimes referred to as the best card in tarot, it represents good things and positive outcomes to current struggles.
Waite suggests the card carries several divinatory associations:
19.THE SUN.—Material happiness, fortunate marriage, contentment. Reversed: The same in a lesser sense.
References
Bibliography
External links
The symbolism of The Sun - how to interpret this card
The Sun Tarot Card Explained | Upright & Reversed Meanings
Major Arcana
Sun in art
Antônio Brasileiro is the fifteenth album by Antônio Carlos Jobim. It was released days after his death in 1994. The album was completed 11 months before his death, and was a critical and commercial success.
Track listing
"Só Danço Samba"
"Piano Na Mangueira"
"How Insensitive" ("Insensatez") (featuring Sting)
"Querida"
"Surfboard"
"Samba de Maria Luiza"
"Forever Green"
"Maracangalha"
"Maricotinha"
"Pato Preto"
"Meu Amigo Radamés"
"Blue Train" ("Trem Azul")
"Radamés Y Pelé"
"Chora Coração"
"Trem de Ferro"
Guest vocalists:
Sting on "How Insensitive"
Maria Luiza Jobim on "Samba de Maria Luiza" and "Forever Green"
Dorival Caymmi on "Maricotinha"
References
Antônio Carlos Jobim albums
1994 albums
Albums published posthumously
Grammy Award for Best Latin Jazz Album
Columbia Records albums
Nicholas James Yarris (born 1961) is an American writer who spent 22 years on death row in Pennsylvania after being wrongfully convicted of murder.
Prosecution, conviction, and exoneration
Although disputed by some family members, Yarris has stated he was the victim of sexual abuse as a child at the hands of another youth, which led him into addiction to alcohol, drugs and the commission of petty crime in his teens. On December 21, 1981, Yarris and a friend stole a car. Yarris, then age 20, was blasting music while driving under the influence when he was stopped by police in Delaware County, Pennsylvania.
The officer and Yarris got into a physical confrontation, and the policeman's gun discharged. Yarris was charged with the kidnapping and attempted murder of a police officer. (He was later tried and acquitted of those charges.)
While in jail, facing a possible sentence of life in prison, Yarris claims, he spotted a newspaper article about the December 16, 1981, murder and rape of Linda Mae Craig, who had been abducted from a Delaware shopping center but whose body had been found in Pennsylvania. In an effort to win favor with the authorities and avoid the consequences of his pending charges, Yarris claimed that he knew who had committed the unsolved rape-murder. When the man he named, whom he had wrongly believed to be recently deceased, proved upon investigation to be plainly uninvolved, Yarris became the number-one suspect.
Yarris was then charged with the abduction, rape and murder of Craig. After a short jury trial, Yarris was found guilty. In July 1982, at age 21, he was sentenced to death. Yarris escaped from custody while being transported to a post-sentence hearing, but was arrested in Florida about a month later and returned to death row. Numerous appeals and post-conviction challenges proved unavailing. During his time in prison, he taught himself to read, married a prison volunteer visitor, and became the first death row prisoner to seek DNA testing. In 2003, with the aid of a team of court-appointed lawyers (including Christina Swarns, later to become Executive Director of the national Innocence Project), a third round of DNA testing (following prior inconclusive efforts) proved that two unidentified men, not Yarris, had committed the crime. In January 2004, after clearing the escape-related charges, he was released.
Post-exoneration activities and personal life
Following his exoneration and release, Yarris protested once a week outside the District Attorney's Office, demanding that the DNA samples be submitted to the FBI database to find Craig's real rapists and killers. The next year, he moved to the UK, where Yarris worked with Reprieve, married and had a daughter. Following a divorce, he married his third wife, also from the UK. The couple then moved back to the United States. Following another divorce, Yarris married again. Yarris pled guilty in 2021 to criminal mistreatment and theft, leading to a month in jail and a sentence of two years' probation in Curry County, Oregon. As of 2021, he was in the process of another divorce.
Yarris sued the Delaware County District Attorney's Office in federal court for malicious prosecution, and the case eventually settled for $4 million in 2008. Having failed to make provision for his long-term support from the settlement of the civil case, as of 2021 Yarris was unemployed and living in a trailer in Oregon.
Writings
Yarris is the author of the death row memoir Seven Days to Live (2008) (later reissued as The Fear of 13). He has also published books titled The Kindness Approach (2017), My Journey Through Her Eyes (2017) and Monsters and Madmen (2018) (experiences on death row at the since-decommissioned SCI Pittsburgh).
Film and television coverage
Yarris is one of the exonerees profiled in the award-winning documentary, After Innocence (2005). He is also the subject and protagonist-narrator of David Sington's documentary The Fear of 13 released in 2015. Yarris appeared on The Joe Rogan Experience on September 11, 2018, talking at length about his life story. The Yarris case was explored in a two-part interview for the December 11, 2019 episode (Season 9) of the podcast,Wrongful Conviction with Jason Flom, and was the subject of the June 17, 2019 episode of CNN/HLN's Death Row Stories, "A Prison of His Own" (Season 4, Episode 3).
References
Living people
Overturned convictions in the United States
Place of birth missing (living people)
People wrongfully convicted of murder
1961 births
American emigrants to England
Writers from Philadelphia
The soundtrack to Trapped in the Closet (Chapters 1-12) was released on November 7, 2005 to accompany the film of the same name. The album was only released digitally and contains Chapters 1-5 of Trapped in the Closet as found on Kelly's seventh studio album TP.3 Reloaded, compiled together on one track, as well as seven new tracks in form of the chapters 6 to 12.
Track listing
Film soundtracks
Hip hop soundtracks
2005 soundtrack albums
Jive Records soundtracks
R. Kelly albums
Rhythm and blues soundtracks
A carriage control tape was a loop of punched tape that was used to synchronize rapid vertical page movement in most IBM and many other line printers from unit record days through the 1980's. The tape loop was as long as the length of a single page. A pin wheel moved the tape accurately using holes in the center of the tape. A hole punched in one of the other channels represented a particular position on the page. Channel one was typically used to indicate the top of the page and might be the only channel used. Another channel might indicate the summary line on an invoice, enabling rapid skipping to that line. IBM provides a special manual punch that allowed accurate placement of the channel punches. Skipping occurred under computer control, but a form feed switch on the printer control panel allowed a manual skip to the top of the page. The tapes could be easily changed when new, continuously fed forms were loaded into the printer.
Forms control buffer
Newer printers use a "forms control buffer" (FCB), which is an electronic image of the physical carriage control tape. A job can request a specific FCB for a printout, and it will be loaded before printing is started, eliminating operator intervention.
Conventions
Conventionally, channel 1 indicates the top of the form (the first printable line on a page, often but not necessarily the first line of the page), and a new form is started with a "skip to channel 1" command (skipping is much faster than line spacing). Channel 9 is positioned a few lines above the end of the page, so a system that could sense the printer status while printing would, for example, have room to print a page footer or totals. Channel 12 indicates the last printable line of the form. These are only conventions, however, and applications are free to establish their own standards.
Sources
IBM 407 manual p.129 ff
Excerpt on printing from IBM 1130 manual
Rack for holding carriage tapes at Computer History Museum
External links
Two IBM carriage control tape punches in the Computer History Museum collection: ,
Another image of a carriage control tape punch at ibmcolletables.com:
IBM printers
Computer storage tape media
Barry Crago is a Wyoming politician.
Career
Crago served as Deputy County Attorney for Johnson County, Wyoming from 2008 to 2011. In 2013, Crago began to serve in this position again, and has been serving in this position ever since. On August 18, 2020, when incumbent, state representative Richard Tass, sought re-election, Crago defeated Tass in the Republican primary. On November 3, 2020, Crago was elected to the Wyoming House of Representatives seat which represents the 40th district, uncontested. On January 4, 2021, Crago was sworn into this position, and he currently holds this office.
References
Living people
Members of the Wyoming House of Representatives
People from Johnson County, Wyoming
Wyoming lawyers
Wyoming Republicans
21st-century American lawyers
21st-century American politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Horseshoe Valley may refer to:
Horseshoe Valley (Antarctica)
Horseshoe Valley (Peleliu)
Horseshoe Valley (Missouri)
Horseshoe Valley (North Dakota)
Horseshoe Valley (Nebraska)
Horseshoe Valley, North Dakota
Horseshoe Resort, formerly Horseshoe Valley Ski Club, in southern Ontario, Canada
This article contains the discography of Japanese rock band High and Mighty Color.
Discography
Albums
Compilation albums
Singles
DVDs
Featured/Collaborative Releases
References
Discographies of Japanese artists
Rock music group discographies
Discography
ATV Offroad Fury Pro is a racing video game, a loose port of ATV Offroad Fury 4 for the PlayStation Portable, developed by Climax Racing and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. It is the successor of ATV Offroad Fury: Blazin' Trails. The game was released on October 26, 2006 in North America (five days before ATV Offroad Fury 4 on the PlayStation 2), in Europe on June 20, 2008, and in Australia six days later.
Features
ATV Offroad Fury Pro offers the same physics and vehicles as ATV Offroad Fury 4, but contains different race tracks, vehicles, and mini-games. It features both ad hoc (local area network) or Infrastructure (web) multiplayer modes. It offers tutorials in order to master the Trophy Trucks and Dune Buggies. A tutorial mode exists to help players master tricks. The MX Motocross has the same tricks as the ATVs, minus the "bicycle" trick. The championship modes offer stunt challenges, sponsor events, and races. This game also includes new vehicle classes known as snowmobiles and rally cars, which are exclusive to this game.
Eight "Classic" tracks can be unlocked for ATV Offroad Fury 4 by synchronizing both games' Save Files via USB Link. These tracks appear in previous games in the series, and must be unlocked through Pro before unlocking them in 4.
Reception
The game was met with slightly positive reception upon release, as GameRankings gave it a score of 76.86%, while Metacritic gave it 76 out of 100.
References
External links
2006 video games
MX vs. ATV
ATV Offroad Fury
PlayStation Portable games
PlayStation Portable-only games
Racing video games
Sony Interactive Entertainment games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Commodore Oscar Charles Badger (August 12, 1823 – June 20, 1899) was an officer of the United States Navy who served in the Mexican–American and American Civil Wars.
Service in Africa and during the Mexican–American War
Badger received an appointment as a midshipman in the United States Navy on September 9, 1841, and, after a tour of duty in the , served in along the Atlantic coast of Africa. While serving in the latter ship, he saw his first action in the punitive expedition that landed on the west coast of Africa in 1843 and destroyed the Berribee villages. In the sidewheel steamer , during the Mexican–American War, he participated in the expedition that captured the Mexican town of Alvarado in the spring of 1847.
Attended the Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland
Badger then attended the Naval School (as the Naval Academy was then called) at Annapolis, Maryland; completed his course of study there; and was warranted a passed midshipman on August 10, 1847.
Posted to the Pacific Squadron
By 1850, he was posted to the Pacific Squadron and served successively in the , the frigate , and the sloop . He returned to shore in 1853 for a tour of duty at the United States Naval Observatory located in Washington, D.C. In 1855, he returned to the Pacific Squadron for duty in the sloop and, that autumn, participated in an expedition to the Fiji Islands to redress wrongs suffered by members of the crews of American whalers and merchant ships at the hands of natives. The landing party destroyed the village of Vutia. To round out his pre-Civil War service, Badger was assigned in turn to the , , , and, lastly, to the Washington Navy Yard.
Service in the American Civil War
He was serving in the national capital at the outbreak of the Civil War, and took command of the screw steamer early in the conflict. In her, he participated in a series of actions against Confederate batteries along the Virginia bank of the Potomac River. During the Peninsula Campaign, he took part in the siege of Yorktown, Virginia. In 1862, he was transferred to the western theater to superintend the arming of river gunboats. In mid-1863, he was switched to the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron and participated in the attack on shore batteries on Morris Island on July 11, 1863. A week later, he commanded in an attack on Fort Wagner and, a month after that, led the ironclad in a series of operations against Forts Wagner, Gregg, and Sumter. On the night of August 22, 1863, he took command of the ironclad on another assault on Fort Sumter.
Appointed fleet captain of the South Atlantic Blockade
Soon thereafter, Badger was appointed fleet captain, ad interim, of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron and, in that office, took part in another attack on Fort Sumter while in the flagship on the night of September 1, 1863. During that action, he was severely wounded in the leg by a flying metal splinter.
He spent the remaining years of the Civil War ashore performing ordnance duty at the Philadelphia Navy Yard and serving as inspector of cannon at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. After the war, he became a companion of the District of Columbia Commandery of the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States.
Post-Civil War service with the fleet
On December 26, 1866, he took command of the newly commissioned sidewheel steamer —a ship of the North Atlantic Squadron—and, in her, rendered assistance to the victims of a fire that destroyed Basseterre on St. Kitts in the Leeward Islands. The Peoria was decommissioned in September 1867. In 1868, he was assigned to equipment duty at the Portsmouth Navy Yard in New Hampshire. He returned to sea in 1871 in command of the South Atlantic Fleet. He commanded the receiving ship at Boston, Massachusetts, in 1873 and 1874 and served again at the Washington Navy Yard between 1875 and 1878.
Final military service
Badger's last sea duty came in 1878 and 1879 when he commanded the frigate . He commanded Constitution on a voyage to France to represent the United States Navy at the Paris Exposition of 1878. The voyage, beset by several mishaps, lasted from March 1878 to May 1879. During 1880, he was stationed in Washington for special duty. While serving at the Naval Asylum in Philadelphia, Badger was promoted to commodore in November 1881.
After commanding the Boston Navy Yard between 1881 and 1885, Badger retired in August 1885. He died on June 20, 1899, and was buried at Arlington National Cemetery, in Arlington, Virginia.
Family
Badger married Margaret M. Johnston, daughter of Captain Z. F. Johnston, USN. Their son, Charles Johnston Badger, pursued a naval career and retired as a rear admiral.
Memberships
Commodore Badger was a member of the Aztec Club of 1847, the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States and the Military Order of Foreign Wars.
Honored in ship naming
The Badger (Destroyer No. 126) (1919–1945) was named for Commodore Oscar C. Badger, while his son, Admiral Charles Johnston Badger was similarly honored by the naming of the destroyer (1943–1957). The ocean escort ship (1970–1991) honors the commodore, his son, his grandson, Admiral Oscar C. Badger II, and his cousin George Edmund Badger, the 12th United States Secretary of the Navy.
See also
Mexican–American War
American Civil War
Oscar C. Badger II
Notes
References
External links
1823 births
1899 deaths
United States Navy commodores
United States Naval Academy alumni
People from Mansfield, Connecticut
Union Navy officers
United States Navy personnel of the Mexican–American War
People of Connecticut in the American Civil War
Military personnel from Connecticut
Commanders of the USS Constitution
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
The Lost 52 Project is a private organization founded by Tim Taylor to do research on the 52 US Navy submarines lost on patrol during the Second World War, performing discovery, exploration, and underwater archeology where possible.
Found, so far:
USS Stickleback (SS-415), August 2019, sank during Cold War, located near Honolulu Hawaii.
USS Grayback (SS-208), June 2019, located near Okinawa Japan
USS Robalo (SS-273), May 2019, located near Balabec Straight Philippines
USS Grunion (SS-216), August 2006-2018, located near Kiska, Alaska
USS S-28 (SS-133), September 2017, located near Honolulu Hawaii
USS S-26 (SS-131), September 2014, located near Pacific Panama
USS R-12 (SS-89), October 2010, located near Key West, Florida
USS Flier (SS-250), May 2009, located near Palawan Island
USS Perch (SS-176), November 2006, located in Java Sea
USS Wahoo (SS-238), July 2006, located near La Pérouse Strait
USS Lagarto (SS-371), May 2006, located near Gulf of Thailand
References
External links
World War II submarines of the United States
Humphrey William Dolman (30 August 1906 — 1964) was an English footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Career
Dolman began his career in 1925, playing for Blakenhall Congregationals. A year later, Dolman signed for hometown club Bloxwich, before joining Willenhall a year later. In February 1929, Dolman signed for Football League club Chesterfield. In the 1930–31 season, Dolman played every game for Chesterfield as the club won the Third Division North. In 1933, Dolman left Chesterfield following the signing of Jack Moody, signing for Bristol City. Dolman played for Bristol City for three years, signing for Luton Town in 1936, helping the club win the 1936–37 Third Division South. Dolman lost his place in the Luton line-up in November 1938, signing for Chelmsford City briefly in March 1939, before the outbreak of World War II.
References
Year of birth missing
Date of death missing
Year of death missing
Association football goalkeepers
English footballers
People from Bloxwich
Willenhall F.C. players
Chesterfield F.C. players
Bristol City F.C. players
Luton Town F.C. players
Chelmsford City F.C. players
English Football League players
The 2019–20 season is Estudiantes' 26th consecutive season in the top division of Argentine football. In addition to the Primera División, the club are competing in the Copa Argentina and Copa de la Superliga.
The season generally covers the period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020.
Review
Pre-season
Three players agreed departures from Estudiantes in June 2019, with Ezequiel Miranda heading to Deportivo Paraguayo while Nicolás Talpone and Fernando Evangelista joined Atlanta and Aldosivi respectively. Daniel Sappa and Gastón Gil Romero were both loaned out, to Arsenal de Sarandí and Aldosivi, on 24 June - the former having an optional six-month recall clause. Carlo Lattanzio completed a loan move to Estudiantes' Caseros namesakes on 27 June. On that same day, the club announced a transfer agreement had been reached with Godoy Cruz for midfielder Ángel González; subject to contract terms and a medical. After terminating his deal, Emiliano Ozuna left for Mexico's Celaya on 27 June. They beat and drew with their reserves in 29 June friendlies.
Numerous players who had loan stints out last season, including Gastón Campi and Juan Cascini, returned on and around 30 June. Federico González was signed from recently relegated Tigre on 2 July, having had a relegation clause in his contract. A scheduled friendly with Estrella de Berisso for 10 July was cancelled on 2 July, with Cambaceres visiting City Bell instead. Ignacio Bailone joined Chacarita Juniors on 3 July, while Matías Ruíz Díaz was loaned out to Guillermo Brown on 4 July. Ángel González's transaction from Godoy Cruz was confirmed on 6 July, the same date that they beat Uruguay's Fénix in pre-season friendlies. Days later they went six exhibition matches undefeated after a 2–0 win and a 0–0 draw with Cambaceres of Primera D Metropolitana.
Estudiantes, on 12 July, revealed an agreement with Boston River for the transfer of Diego García; subject to a medical and personal terms. They drew in a friendly with San Lorenzo on 13 July, which was followed by a 3–2 loss later in the day. García's incoming was made official on 15 July. Nahuel Luna went on loan to Villa San Carlos on the same day. Estudiantes gave Gastón Campi permission, on 15 July, to travel to Turkey to finalize a move to Trabzonspor. Young defender Juan Ignacio Saborido left for Villa San Carlos on 16 July. Campi formally departed for Trabzonspor on 19 July.
July
Estudiantes played their first official fixture of 2019–20 on 20 July, subsequently eliminating Primera B Nacional's Mitre from the Copa Argentina after netting two unanswered goals at the Estadio Coloso del Ruca Quimey in Cutral Có. Matías Pellegrini, who had scored in the aforementioned cup tie, agreed terms for a departure on 23 July as the left midfielder penned a deal with new Major League Soccer franchise Inter Miami. However, he was loaned back to Estudiantes until the year's end. An incoming was confirmed on 24 July in Chilean Juan Fuentes from O'Higgins. A goal from Jonathan Schunke won Estudiantes the points in their league opener against Aldosivi on 28 July. On 30 July, Estudiantes revealed Nicolás Bazzana would go to Aldosivi on loan; subject to a medical.
Nicolás Bazzana's move to Aldosivi was officially completed on 31 July.
August
Mauricio Vera joined Guillermo Brown on 2 August. Estudiantes suffered a defeat on matchday two in the Primera División, as Banfield narrowly beat them at the Estadio Florencio Sola on 4 August. Two days later, goals from Mateo Retegui and Francisco Apaolaza helped them beat their academy in an exhibition match; intended for the players who didn't feature against Banfield. Estudiantes met Cambaceres in a friendly for the third time in 2019–20 on 10 August, with Ángel González netting in a 2–0 win; as he did on 10 July. Instituto loaned Francisco Apaolaza from Estudiantes on 15 August. Bautista Cejas signed for Quilmes on 17 August. Estudiantes took their points tally to six on 19 August, as they scored three at the Estadio Ciudad de La Plata in a win over Independiente.
Despite winning back-to-back at home in the Primera División, Estudiantes didn't win in two away games after allowing Godoy Cruz to gain their first victory of the season on 25 August. Estudiantes lost for the third time in four fixtures on 30 August, as Lucas Robertone's goal condemned them to defeat versus Vélez Sarsfield.
September
Juan Cascini terminated his contract with Estudiantes on 2 September.
Squad
Transfers
Domestic transfer windows:3 July 2019 to 24 September 201920 January 2020 to 19 February 2020.
Transfers in
Transfers out
Loans in
Loans out
Friendlies
Pre-season
On 22 June 2019, Estudiantes confirmed pre-season friendlies with Estudiantes Reserves (29 June), Estrella de Berisso (10 July) and San Lorenzo (13 July); with a fourth opponent (6 July) to be revealed; later announced as Uruguay's Fénix. All fixtures were originally scheduled at the Country Club in City Bell, though the San Lorenzo and Fénix encounters were moved to the Estadio Pedro Bidegain in Buenos Aires and the Estadio Ciudad de La Plata in La Plata. The friendly with Estrella de Berisso was cancelled on 2 July, with an encounter against Cambaceres being set in its place. A match in City Bell with Temperley was also scheduled for 13 July, though was later cancelled due to bad weather.
Mid-season
After facing their academy on 6 August, Estudiantes would then play Cambaceres in a friendly, as they did in July, on 10 August.
Competitions
Primera División
League table
Relegation table
Source: AFA
Results summary
Matches
The fixtures for the 2019–20 campaign were released on 10 July.
Copa Argentina
The Estadio Coloso del Ruca Quimey in Cutral Có would serve as the setting for Estudiantes' round of thirty-two ties in the Copa Argentina against Mitre - at Alianza's home venue, therefore neutral for both sides on 20 July - as is customary.
Copa de la Superliga
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
Statistics accurate as of 31 August 2019.
Goalscorers
Notes
References
Estudiantes de La Plata seasons
Estudiantes
John Pelu (born 2 February 1982) is a former Swedish professional footballer who played for different clubs in Sweden, Norway and Azerbaijan.
Career
He formerly played for Helsingborgs IF and Östers IF in Sweden and Kongsvinger IL in Norway.
In March 2009, the Houston Dynamo of Major League Soccer had him in for a one-week trial as they looked for a replacement for former striker Nate Jaqua.
On 30 March, however, Pelu signed for Norwegian First Division side FK Haugesund on loan, before signing on a permanent deal later on in that year.
References
External links
Player profile at Rosenborg.info
1982 births
Living people
Burkinabé emigrants to Sweden
Swedish footballers
Helsingborgs IF players
Östers IF players
Kongsvinger IL Toppfotball players
Rosenborg BK players
FK Haugesund players
FK Mughan players
Ravan Baku FC players
Strindheim IL players
Eliteserien players
Swedish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Expatriate footballers in Azerbaijan
Association football forwards
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Azerbaijan
Wolventrix are an indie rock band based in London, UK, comprising Alex Billig (keyboards, backing vocals), Tony Creaton (bass guitar), Tristan Gilchrist (drums), Chris Potter (electric guitar) and Tom Walkden (lead vocals, acoustic guitar).
Their music has been described as reminiscent of Suede, Conor Oberst and The Divine Comedy among others.
History
The five members met in Oxford in 1999. After various individual stints overseas they were all living in London, England by 2006 where they began to play regular gigs, including support slots for The Electric Soft Parade, Ooberman, and The Wave Pictures. The band signed to Fabrique Records of Vienna and released The Berlin EP in February 2009. The single "Wings" was remixed by Spoonface, Konsorten TM and Kava, the last of which received national airplay on Austria's FM4. Their debut album "Ours Till Dawn" was produced by Victor Gangl in Vienna and released at the end of 2011, receiving strong reviews both in the UK and on the continent. The video for Wanderlust, the second single from the album, was featured on NME.com and placed on rotation by Austrian music channel Go TV.
Discography
The Berlin EP (2009)
Ours Till Dawn (2011)
The Berlin EP (re-release) (2019)
References
External links
Band's official site
English indie rock groups
Dexbudesonide is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed. It is the 22R-epimer of budesonide.
References
Corticosteroid cyclic ketals
Cyclic acetals with aldehydes
Diketones
Diols
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
WJOI (1340 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It is known on-air as "Joy 1340/98.7". WJOI is owned by the Milwaukee Radio Group subsidiary of Saga Communications, with radio studios and offices on Milwaukee's West Side. The transmitter is on West Martin Drive in Milwaukee. Programming is also heard on 99-watt FM translator W254CU at 98.7 MHz.
WJOI has a Christian talk and teaching radio format most of the day. On weekdays it largely broadcasts national religious leaders including Chuck Swindoll, David Jeremiah, Joyce Meyer, Jim Daly and Alistair Begg. Some hours of the night and weekends, WJOI carries "Today's Christian Music" from the Salem Radio Network. And Sunday hours also include brokered ethnic programming, largely German and Polish, including Polka music.
History
The station signed on the air as WEMP in 1935. In June 1943, WEMP became the first radio station in Milwaukee to broadcast a 24-hour schedule. It carried various ethnic programs and sports broadcasts, including Marquette University basketball and the Milwaukee Brewers. WEMP was an affiliate of the NBC Blue Network, which later became the ABC Radio Network.
In 1955, WEMP moved to a stronger signal on 1250 AM. The new owners of 1340 kHz changed the call sign to WRIT, and launched a Top 40 format. The call letters stood for We'Re IT. Future television talk show host Tom Snyder got his start at the station as a news reporter in the 1950s.
WRIT switched to all-news on September 29, 1975, with NBC's News and Information Service (NIS). The all-news format was unsuccessful and within a couple of years NBC ended the all-news network. The station dropped the WRIT call sign in 1978, picking up the call sign WBCS. It stood for Wisconsin's Best Country station, as AM 1340 began simulcasting the country music format of its co-owned FM sister station at 106.1 MHz. The WRIT call sign was resurrected on New Year's Day 2000, by oldies-formatted WZTR as a tribute to the former Top 40 era of the old WRIT.
AM 1340 became WMKE in 1980, programming its own classic country format, and later aired a gold-based AC format, before going back to WBCS in 1984, again simulcasting the FM sister station. The station briefly aired an all-talk format in 1985, before going back to simulcasting WBCS-FM.
When WBCS-FM flipped to AOR as WLZR-FM in 1987, the AM station also became WLZR, simulcasting the Album Rock format for several years. In the early 1990s, WLZR 1340 aired its own automated formats, first heavy metal as "The Crusher", then an alternative rock format known as "The Warp" until 1994, when it again reverted to a full-time simulcast of WLZR-FM.
Eventually, the station began to sell much of its air time to religious and sports broadcasters, and became WJYI (Joy 1340) on May 30, 1997.
In early 2011, WJYI began simulcasting on the HD Radio digital subchannel of sister station WZBK-FM, replacing the previous automated smooth jazz format which aired on that subchannel in the aftermath of the May 2010 WJZX format switch. WJYI later moved its simulcast to WJMR-HD2 and now to WHQG-HD2.
On May 8, 2016, WJYI launched FM translator 98.7 W254CU and rebranded as "Joy 1340 AM/98.7 FM".
The WJYI call letters and those of co-owned WJOI in Norfolk, Virginia, were swapped on April 29, 2021.
References
External links
Joy 1340 WJYI
Milwaukee radio: a retrospective
FCC History Cards for WJOI
Christianity in Milwaukee
JOI
Radio stations established in 1935
James Otis Crandall (October 8, 1887 – August 17, 1951) was a right-handed pitcher and second baseman. He was the first player to be consistently used as a relief pitcher. Consequently, he was given the nickname Doc by Damon Runyon who said Crandall was "the physician of the pitching emergency". He played from 1908 to 1918, debuting with the New York Giants. He was traded to the St. Louis Cardinals in 1913, but made only two pinch-hitting appearances for them before being sold back to the Giants 13 days later. He also played for the St. Louis Terriers in the Federal League in 1914 and 1915, the St. Louis Browns in 1916, and for the Boston Braves in 1918. That same year he flirted with a no-hitter in the morning game of a double-header in Los Angeles against Salt Lake City of the Pacific Coast League. He carried the no-hitter into the 9th inning when, with two out, his outing was spoiled by Karl Crandall, his brother.
While Crandall frequently started, he led the league in number of relief appearances for five consecutive seasons while with the Giants. In the period from 1910 to 1912, he also led in relief victories going 45–16 overall in that time period. The Giants won three consecutive pennants from 1911 to 1913 with Crandall's help. Even with his bulky frame, Crandall was a quick fielder and thus played infield positions.
With his .285 lifetime hitting average, he was often used as a pinch hitter and in 1910 he led with a .342 batting average. When the Giants sent him to the Cardinals in 1913 public outcry in New York was so big that the Giants bought him back after only two games. However, he ended up in St. Louis again a year later in the Federal league where he played more at second base than as pitcher. In 1915 he led the Federal League winning six times as relief pitcher out of his total 21 wins in that league. After sitting out the 1917 season, he made an abbreviated comeback in 1918 with the Braves.
Crandall is a charter member of the Pacific Coast League Hall of Fame.
References
External links
New York Giants (NL) players
St. Louis Cardinals players
St. Louis Terriers players
St. Louis Browns players
Boston Braves players
Pittsburgh Pirates coaches
Major League Baseball pitchers
Major League Baseball second basemen
Baseball players from Indiana
1887 births
1951 deaths
Minor league baseball managers
Cedar Rapids Rabbits players
Los Angeles Angels (minor league) players
Oakland Oaks (baseball) players
Wichita Larks players
Sacramento Senators players
People from Benton County, Indiana
Malik Allahyar Khan () was a parliamentarian from Pakistan.
Early life
He was born on 2 June 1927 in Khunda, a small village in Attock District. His father, Malik Khaki Jan, was a landlord of the area given the title of Khan Bahadur by the British government. His mother, Bibi Beherawar Sultan, was the daughter of a Muslim Barrister from N.W.F.P Mufti Fida Muhammad Khan. He had five siblings, four brothers and a sister.
Education
He was educated at Gordon College, Rawalpindi and Zamindar College, Gujrat. He has the distinction of being the champion in an all Pakistan debating championship. While in college, he became interested in politics and was a senior member of the Muslim Students Federation. He held long marches against the Cripps' mission and was imprisoned for a period of six months. He did his LLB from Law College, Lahore. He was married on 28 January 1950 to Bibi Miluk Bano, daughter of Sardar Dost Muhammad Khan. After completing his studies he set up his practice in Campbellpur (present day Attock).
Politics
Malik Allahyar Khan entered politics in 1956 when he contested and won the district council election. He participated in various youth conferences around the world.
He became the Minister for railways and Jail in 1964 representing West Pakistan, a post which he held until 1969. The 1970s were a difficult period as the government of Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto did not favour those who were major landowners.
The 1980s heralded a new beginning as Malik Allahyar was nominated for the post of Punjab Chief Minister which was however given to Mian Nawaz Sharif on the insistence of the than Governor Punjab, Gen. (Rtd) Ghulam Jillani. He was than given the post of the provincial Minister for Social Security. His aim was the welfare of the masses and thus he set up the department of Social Security to provide relief to the downtrodden.
In his later years he contested the National Assembly elections in 1987, 1993, 2002 winning in 1993 and 2002. He ran for the post of District Nazim Attock which he lost by only two votes. Late he contested the National Assembly elections which he won with a landslide victory.
His past led him towards being nominated for the prestigious post of the chairman, Public Accounts Committee. He spoke against the sugar scandal and other issues that the then-current government was having.
Malik Allahyar was successful in formulating the Khunda group which has thrived in the district for more than seven decades. After his death, Malik Allahyar's son Malik Aitbar khan represented the group in the 2008 and 2013 elections.
In the upcoming 2018 elections, Malik Allahyar's older son Malik Shehryar khan is contesting as an independent candidate from NA-56 Attock II. He is a highly qualified (BSc civil engineering, NED University Karachi and MSc civil engineering, City University London) retired senior bureaucrat.
Death
He was diagnosed with cancer in 2007. He died on 5 April 2008 at the age of 81 at Fauji Foundation Hospital, Rawalpindi and buried in his native graveyard of Khunda village near Fatehjang District Attock. Nowadays his son Malik Aitbar Khan is an elected Member of Pakistan's National Assembly.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20101215012834/http://elections.com.pk/candidatedetails.php?id=435
http://www.dawn.com/2008/04/06/nat10.htm
1927 births
2008 deaths
Pakistani politicians
Deaths from cancer in Pakistan
Michael Magee (1929–2011) was a Canadian actor and author.
Michael or Mike Magee may also refer to:
Mike Magee (journalist) (born 1949), British journalist
Mike Magee (soccer) (born 1984), American Major League Soccer player
Michael Magee, Irish casualty during the Battle at Springmartin
See also
Michael McGee (disambiguation)
San Carlos del Apa is a city of Paraguay in the Concepción Department, and a historical site located between River Apa and Stream Blandengues.
Geography
San Carlos is far from Asunción at 589 km, 90 km from the Brazilian port of the same name "San Carlos do Apa" and 200 km from Concepción. It is located on the border with Brazil.
Climate
The maximum temperature reaches 40 degrees in summer, while the minimum in winter is up to minus 2 degrees. The average is 24 degrees Celsius.
The rainfall times are plentiful from November to January, and the driest months are from June to September. Winds are from the north, east and southeast.
Demographics
San Carlos has a total of 690 inhabitants, of which 438 are men and 252 women. In urban areas there are 444 people and in rural areas 246.
Economy
Residents of San Carlos are principally engaged in livestock and agriculture. The city is a reserve of clover plantation.
San Carlos has a landing field for light aircraft.
Getting there
You reach the city by the west through farms, and by the east, passing through agricultural settlements, such as Colony Jose Felix Lopez, "Puentesiño" and Paso Bravo National Park. It has runways for air transport.
It is located 680 km north of Asunción.
History
The Fortress of San Carlos was built in 1796 by order of Governor of Paraguay, Don Joaquin de Alos y Bru, years after the founding of the Villa Real de la Concepcion, on a small hill a few metres from the Apa River, with the aim of defending the region against the advance of bandits and Mbayaés Indians allied with the conquerors from Brazil. There, several battles were fought. The Governor sent the commander of Villa Real de Concepción, Don Luis Bernardo Ramirez on an expedition to establish a fort on the banks of River Apa. It also had barracks, housing, oratory, storage and cooking places for the soldiers guarding it.
It is a sign of the presence of Spaniards since late 1700 and the government of José Gaspar Rodríguez de Francia. During the Paraguayan War there were fought several battles at the site, in 1867, Cnel. Urbieta defeated Brazilian troops and thus regained control of the fort.
Tourist attractions
San Carlos is considered historic and touristic, because the ruins of Fort San Carlos del Apa are located there, scenario of numerous battles. The fort has high walls surrounding it and nowadays it receives many tourists.
Another attraction of San Carlos is its exuberant nature. The Caxoeira hills, Brazil, and the Cerro Paiva, Paraguay, complement the beautiful landscape next to River Apa. In the river it is possible to navigate and fish.
The Fortress of San Carlos is a historical heritage of both Paraguay, and Brazil. It is very close to the Mato Grosso.
References
Illustrated Geography of Paraguay, Distributed Arami SRL, 2007.
Geography of Paraguay, First Edition 1999, Publisher Hispanic Paraguay SRL
External links
National Secretary of Tourism
The World Travel
Populated places in Concepción Department, Paraguay
Brazil–Paraguay border crossings
Devin Eric Lloyd (born September 30, 1998) is an American football linebacker for the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Utah and was drafted by the Jaguars in the first round of the 2022 NFL Draft.
Early years
Lloyd attended Otay Ranch High School in Chula Vista, California. He played safety, wide receiver and was a punter in high school. He was not highly recruited as 3-star recruit when he committed to the University of Utah, his only power five offer, to play college football over offers from UNLV, Colorado State, Sacramento State, San Jose State, and Utah State.
College career
After redshirting his first year at Utah in 2017, Lloyd played in all 14 games as a backup in 2018 and had six tackles. He became a starter in 2019. In 14 games he had 91 tackles, 6.5 sacks and one interception which he returned for a touchdown. As a junior in 2020, Lloyd played in five games and had 48 tackles and two sacks. He returned to Utah for his senior year in 2021 rather than enter the 2021 NFL Draft. As a senior Lloyd played in all 14 games starting all but one, due to a controversial ejection vs Oregon State, and had 66 tackles, a Pac-12 leading 8 sacks, and 4 interceptions including a pick-6 in the Pac-12 championship game. Lloyd also was First-team all Pac-12 and a consensus First-team All-American selection. On January 13, 2022, Lloyd declared for the 2022 NFL Draft.
Professional career
Jacksonville Jaguars
Lloyd was selected with the 27th overall pick by the Jacksonville Jaguars in the 2022 NFL Draft. Lloyd was named the Defensive Rookie of the Month for September. He recorded 24 tackles, six passes defended and two interceptions.
Personal life
Lloyd is the son of Joe Lloyd and Ronyta Johnson. Both of his parents served in the United States Navy. Lloyd is a Christian.
References
External links
Jacksonville Jaguars bio
Utah Utes bio
1998 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Chula Vista, California
Players of American football from California
American football linebackers
Utah Utes football players
All-American college football players
Jacksonville Jaguars players
Gunnar Skoglund (1899–1983) was a Swedish film director, editor and screenwriter. He also acted in several films. He worked on a number of newsreels for Svensk Filmindustri.
Selected filmography
Black Rudolf (1928)
International Match (1932)
Art for Art's Sake (1938)
Woman on Board (1941)
The Old Clock at Ronneberga (1944)
Man's Woman (1945)
How to Love (1947)
The Road to Klockrike (1953)
References
Bibliography
Hjort, Mette & Lindqvist, Ursula. A Companion to Nordic Cinema. John Wiley & Sons, 2016.
External links
1899 births
1983 deaths
Swedish film directors
Swedish film editors
Swedish screenwriters
People from Stockholm
Srinivasan Rangarajan (10 April 1936 – 8 February 2007) was an Indian journalist, entrepreneur, cricketer, film producer and socialite. He is the youngest son of K. Srinivasan and grandson of S. Kasturi Ranga Iyengar.
Early life
Rangarajan was born in Madras to K. Srinivasan, Editor and Managing Director of The Hindu on 10 April 1936. He studied in Madras and became a Director in The Hindu in 1958.
As film producer
Gauravam (1973)
Vasandhathil Oru Naal (1981)
Kanmaniye Pesu (1985)
Lakshmi Vandhachu (1986)
Ore Oru Gramathiley (1987)
References
1936 births
2007 deaths
The Hindu journalists
Tamil film producers
Indian male journalists
Producers who won the Best Film on Other Social Issues National Film Award
William Eugene Stumpf (March 1, 1936 – August 30, 2006) was an American furniture designer who helped design the Aeron, Embody and Ergon chairs for Herman Miller.
It was at the University of Wisconsin-Madison where Stumpf, working with specialists in orthopedic and vascular medicine, conducted extensive research into ergonomics, specifically in the way people sit. In 1974, Herman Miller commissioned him to apply his research to office seating. Two years later, the Ergon chair was introduced.
Biography
Stumpf was born in St. Louis, Missouri. His father died when he was 13, and his mother, a gerontology nurse, relocated the family to Winona, Minnesota, to be near her family.
He served in the U.S. Navy and then earned a bachelor's in industrial design from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and a master's in environmental design from the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Stumpf's association with Herman Miller began in 1970 when he joined the staff of the Herman Miller Research Corporation. After establishing his own firm in 1972, Stumpf created the Ergon chair, the first ergonomic work chair. Later, in collaboration with Don Chadwick, he produced the groundbreaking Equa and iconic Aeron chairs. He also was principal designer for the Ethospace system.
Stumpf's death at age 70 was attributed to complications from abdominal surgery. He was married to Sharon Stumpf, and has five grandchildren: Gabriella, Erin, Max, David and Julia.
Publications
Friedman, Mildred, Ed. A Serious Chair — Design Quarterly 126. Minneapolis and Cambridge: The Walker Art Center and Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 1984.
Stumpf, William. Ice Palace That Melted Away: How Good Design Enhances Our Lives. New York: Pantheon Books, 1998.
Amy Auscherman, Sam Gawe, Leon Ransmeier, eds. "Ergon Chairs 1976" in Herman Miller A Way of Living. London: Phaidon Press, 2019. 430-487
References
Further reading
Bill Stumpf, The Ice Palace That Melted Away: How Good Design Enhances Our Lives, 192 pages, University of Minnesota Press(2000), .
External links
Staff and Wire Reports. (2006, September 2). Bill Stumpf, 70; Designer Helped Create the Aeron Office Chair. The Los Angeles Times
American furniture designers
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison College of Letters and Science alumni
1936 births
2006 deaths
Çiller is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
According to military terminology, a two-front war occurs when opposing forces encounter on two geographically separate fronts. The forces of two or more allied parties usually simultaneously engage an opponent in order to increase their chances of success. The opponent consequently encounters severe logistic difficulties, as they are forced to divide and disperse their troops, defend an extended front line, and is at least partly cut off from their access to trade and exterior resources. However, by virtue of the central position, they might possess the advantages of the interior lines.
The term has widely been used in a metaphorical sense, for example to illustrate the dilemma of military commanders in the field, who struggle to carry out illusory strategic ideas of civilian bureaucrats, or when moderate legal motions or positions are concurrently opposed by the political Left and Right. Disapproval and opposition by the domestic anti-war movement and civil rights groups as opposed to the bloody military struggle of the late Vietnam War has also been described as a two-front war for the US troops, who fought in Vietnam.
Wars in antiquity
During the 5th-century BCE First Peloponnesian War the Greek polis of Athens had been embroiled in a drawn out struggle with the poleis of Aegina and Corinth among others and its primary enemy Sparta. Aware of the dangers of a battle with the superior Spartans, Athens concentrated on the conquest of Boeotia and thus avoid a prolonged two-front war.
On several occasions during the third century BCE, the Roman Republic engaged in two-front conflicts while clashing with the Gauls and Etruscans to the north and also campaigning in Magna Graecia (the coastal areas of Southern Italy). When Rome was enmeshed in the Second Punic War against Carthage, Hannibal, formal ally of the Sicilian city of Syracuse, intrigued with Philip V of Macedon in 215 BCE, who promptly declared war on Rome. After the establishment of the Roman Empire and the consolidation of its frontiers under Augustus, the Roman legions regularly battled multiple enemies, most notably Germanic tribes on the Rhine and the lower Danube and the Parthian Empire in Syria and Mesopotamia. Various emperors, such as Septimius Severus and Aurelian forcibly led large armies to the opposite ends of the empire in order to deal with the various threats. Beginning in the third century the Roman - and its eastern successor the Byzantine Empire, trying to preserve its territories in Italy, struggled with the Sassanid Empire to the east for a period of more than 400 years. Large-scale incursions of Germanic tribes, such as the Goths and Hunnic raids in the west began during the fourth century and lasted for more than a hundred years.
Seven Years' War
The French and Indian War was a local conflict in North America, that occurred in the context of the trans-continental Seven Years' War. In 1755 armed forces of Great Britain under the command of General Edward Braddock invaded the territories of New France (eastern part of modern Canada, Mississippi and Ohio River Valleys and much of the upper Midwest of the modern United States) and attacked Fort Duquesne. Although numerically superior to the local French militia and their Indian allies, the British army became ensnared in a two-front conflict and was routed.
Prussia had to fight against France, Austria, and Russia during the Third Silesian War, and also against Sweden during the Pomeranian War.
Napoleonic Wars
During the Napoleonic Wars, the Grande Armée of France regularly maintained multiple fronts. In the seven year long Peninsular War (1807–1814) imperial French contingents and Spanish and Anglo-Portuguese armies wrestled for control of the Iberian Peninsula in numerous battles. Nonetheless, in 1812 as French military presence in Iberia had begun to decline, emperor Napoleon Bonaparte personally lead an army of more than 600.000 troops to the east into Russia, seeking to decisively defeat the Russian Empire and force Tsar Alexander I to comply with the Continental System. Great Britain was also present on multiple fronts of the Napoleonic Wars in Europe and the Canadian, the Chesapeake Bay and Louisiana theaters of the War of 1812 in North America.
World War I
Germany
During World War I, Germany fought a two-front war against France, Great Britain, Italy, Belgium and later also American forces on the Western Front and Russia and later Romania on the Eastern Front. Russian participation in the war ended with the 1917 Bolshevik October Coup and the peace treaty with Germany and Austria-Hungary was signed in March 1918.
Its central location in Europe and (currently) borders with nine neighboring nations fundamentally define Germany's politics and strategy. Bismarck successfully integrated Germany in his elaborate system of alliance of the European powers from 1871 until he was dismissed in 1890 by the new Emperor Wilhelm II. Wilhelm embarked on an imperialist great power political course, neglected the alliances and his irrational expansion of the Imperial Navy triggered an arms race and seriously damaged the relations with France and Great Britain. By 1907, France had established an alliance with Great Britain and Russia. The German Empire found itself encircled and isolated.
German military strategists had to adapt to the new strategic situation and developed the Schlieffen Plan. A series of military operations, that were to counteract being surrounded and, if exacted ruthlessly, will lead to victory. Under the Schlieffen Plan, German forces would invade France via Belgium, Luxembourg, and the Netherlands (the idea to go through the Netherlands was abandoned because of its neutrality), quickly capturing Paris and forcing France to sue for peace. The Germans would then turn their attention to the East before the Russian army could mobilize its massive forces. The Germans failed to achieve the plan's objectives.
Austria
In 1866 the Austro-Hungarian Army was left with no other option but to divide its armed forces and disperse them on two fronts during the Austro-Prussian War against Prussia to the North and the Kingdom of Italy to the South in the Third Italian War of Independence. The Prusso-Italian alliance was agreed upon an initiative of the Prussian Minister President Otto von Bismarck.
In 1914 Austria-Hungary commenced the First World War by attacking Serbia at the Balkan front. After just a few weeks Austria-Hungarian troops clashed with the numerically far superior Russian imperial army in the Battle of Galicia at the Eastern front. When Italy joined the conflict in May 1915 on the Allied side and deployed in strength at the Alpine front to the south, Austria-Hungary was already critically undermanned and faced serious recruitment shortfalls, which diminished the chances to exact an early defeat on any of the opponents, instead be confined to struggle in a two-front war at the periphery of its own territory. Consequently, the Austro-Hungarian Army lacked the initiative and the contributions at the Macedonian front (Salonikifront) were marginal. Nonetheless, when Romania entered the war on the Allied side in August 1916 at the southern tip of the Eastern front, Austria-Hungary acted promptly and concluded this stage in late 1916 and occupied large areas of Romania. The greater two-front war only ended after the separate peace with Russia in March 1918, which, after all, did not forestall the collapse of the imperial army in the course of summer and autumn.
World War II
A two-front war scenario, almost identical to the first World War would eventually aggregate in the European theatre during World War II, when Nazi Germany confronted allied France, Great Britain, Belgium, the Netherlands and later the United States in the west and the Soviet Union to the east.
Adolf Hitler initially attempted to avoid a two-front war as he engaged and crushed his opponents successively. In 1940, however, he failed to beat Great Britain in the air battle and in 1941 attacked the Soviet Union. Great Britain in relative safety on its island remained unbeaten and managed to maintain the western front. Hitler also failed to neutralize Great Britain and avoid a two-front war.
Germany, that lacked the resources for a long war, failed to achieve a quick victory in the east and eventually collapsed under the pressure of a war of attrition on two fronts, accelerated by a surge of resistance and partisan groups in virtually all occupied countries. Reduced production output and dwindling replacements of casualties as a consequence of massive material warfare and Allied strategic bombing and shortages in fuel and raw materials increasingly prevented the continuation of German offensive - and Blitzkrieg tactics. In contrast, steadily improving Allied cooperative warfare, based on an exponentially growing war industry brought about the inevitable total military defeat for Germany.
The United States, who had, since December 1941, primarily focused on the conflict with the Japanese Empire, eventually established an Atlantic front in order to support their European allies, beginning in November 1942 with an amphibious landing in North Africa, later to continue the campaign in Sicily and on the Italian peninsula and invade France on the beaches of Normandy in 1944. Their colossal military strength and favorable strategic position in between two oceans without territorial borders to any of the Axis powers allowed the US forces to safely wage an offensive two-front war by maintaining the initiative in the Pacific War, contain and defeat Japan and also increase American presence in Europe that ensures Allied victory over Nazi Germany.
The Axis Powers had the opportunity to force the Soviet Union into a two-front war by means of a Japanese attack in the Soviet Far East, but Japan decided against it as it had been defeated in the Soviet–Japanese border conflicts. The Soviet Union and Japan refrained from mutual hostilities until the 9 August 1945, three months after the surrender of Germany. Thus, Japan fought a two-front war in China in the Second Sino-Japanese War and against the United States in the Pacific Theatre. The Soviet Union worsened the Japanese position by invading Manchuria.
Poland fought a two front war with Germany and Russia during WWII.
Cold War
A major rationale for the American 600-ship Navy plan in the 1980s was to threaten the Soviet Union with a two-front war, in Europe and the Pacific Ocean, in the event of hostilities.
Arab–Israeli wars
In the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, the Israelis fought the Egyptians to the south and the Jordanians and Syrians in the east and the north. Israel again fought two-front wars in the Six-Day War of 1967 and the Yom Kippur War of 1973.
Conflicts of the 21st century
India, Pakistan and China
India's relations with Pakistan and China have for many decades been uneasy and, in fact, greatly disturbed by unsettled border feuds. The discord with Pakistan is by far the more complicated one, because both parties claim exclusive sovereignty over an entire historic region, the state of Jammu and Kashmir. Although matters were settled and signed in 1972, armed forces face each other, entrenched on both sides of the volatile border, the Line of Control. Attempts to directly or indirectly wrest territory from each other has hardly been successful and always caused fierce reactions.
India and China have, despite more than a dozen rounds of border talks and the uneasy Line of Actual Control, as yet failed to negotiate a conclusive agreement. For decades, the Indian press and media have pointed at political tensions and deteriorating relations with China, caused, among other things, by occasional Chinese military incursions into Indian-controlled territory.
In 2013 the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC), a series of high-profile infrastructure development projects in Pakistan was established. Chinese-Pakistani cooperation proved to be a success and a modern infrastructure had emerged within six years and by 2019 focus has shifted to the next phase. CPEC has disclosed its programs for concrete economic development and employment creation.
The Government of India has professed security concerns and repeatedly expressed its disapproval of the CPEC project, as a number of the projects come about on territory claimed by India.
According to an Indian army general in 2018, war on multiple fronts was "very much in the realm of reality", as the consequence of ideas of isolation and concerns about the clandestine strategic commitment of China and Pakistan, as the Congress in Beijing has provided assistance to Pakistan's nuclear weapon and missile programmes.
References
Military strategy
Warfare by type
Military science
Prądnik Biały is one of 18 districts of Kraków, located in the northwest part of the city. The name Prądnik Biały comes from a village of same name that is now a part of the district.
According to the Central Statistical Office data, the district's area is and 69 135 people inhabit Prądnik Biały.
Subdivisions of Prądnik Biały
Prądnik Czerwony is divided into smaller subdivisions (osiedles). Here's a list of them.
Azory
Bronowice Wielkie
Osiedle Gotyk
Górka Narodowa
Górka Narodowa Wschód
Górka Narodowa Zachód
Osiedle Krowodrza Górka
Osiedle Witkowice Nowe
Prądnik Biały
Tonie
Witkowice
Żabiniec
Population
References
External links
Official website of Prądnik Biały
Biuletyn Informacji Publicznej
Districts of Kraków
Min (Egyptian mnw) is an ancient Egyptian god whose cult originated in the predynastic period (4th millennium BCE). He was represented in many different forms, but was most often represented in male human form, shown with an erect penis which he holds in his right hand and an upheld left arm holding a flail.
Myths and function
Min's cult began and was centered around Coptos (Koptos) and Akhmim (Panopolis) of upper Egypt, where in his honour great festivals were held celebrating his "coming forth" with a public procession and presentation of offerings. His other associations include the eastern desert and links to the god Horus. Flinders Petrie excavated two large statues of Min at Qift which are now in the Ashmolean Museum and it is thought by some that they are pre-dynastic. Although not mentioned by name, a reference to "he whose arm is raised in the East" in the Pyramid Texts is thought to refer to Min.
His importance grew in the Middle Kingdom when he became even more closely linked with Horus as the deity Min-Horus. By the New Kingdom he was also fused with Amun in the form of Min-Amun, who was also the serpent Irta, a kamutef (the "bull of his mother" - aka father of his own mother as well as her son). Min as an independent deity was also a kamutef of Isis. One of Isis's many places of cult throughout the valley was at Min's temple in Koptos as his divine wife. Min's shrine was crowned with a pair of bull horns.
As the central deity of fertility and possibly orgiastic rites, Min became identified by the Greeks with the god Pan. One feature of Min worship was the wild prickly lettuce Lactuca serriola (the domestic version of which is Lactuca sativa (lettuce)), which has aphrodisiac and opiate qualities and produces latex when cut, possibly identified with semen. He also had connections with Nubia. However, his main centers of worship remained at Coptos and Akhmim (Khemmis).
Male deities as vehicles for fertility and potency rose to prevalence at the emergence of widespread agriculture. Male Egyptians would work in agriculture, making bountiful harvests a male-centered occasion. Thus, male gods of virility such as Osiris and Min were more developed during this time. Fertility was not associated with solely women, but with men as well, even increasing the role of the male in childbirth. As a god of male sexual potency, he was honoured during the coronation rites of the New Kingdom, when the Pharaoh was expected to sow his seed—generally thought to have been plant seeds, although there have been controversial suggestions that the Pharaoh was expected to demonstrate that he could ejaculate—and thus ensure the annual flooding of the Nile. At the beginning of the harvest season, his image was taken out of the temple and brought to the fields in the festival of the departure of Min, the Min Festival, when they blessed the harvest, and played games naked in his honour, the most important of these being the climbing of a huge (tent) pole. This four day festival is evident from the great festivals list at the temple of Ramses III at Medinet Habu.
Cult and worship in the predynastic period surrounding a fertility god was based upon the fetish of fossilized belemnite. Later symbols widely used were the white bull, a barbed arrow, and a bed of lettuce, that the Egyptians believed to be an aphrodisiac. Egyptian lettuce was tall, straight, and released a milk-like sap when rubbed, characteristics superficially similar to the penis. Lettuce was sacrificially offered to the god, then eaten by men in an effort to achieve potency. Later pharaohs would offer the first fruits of harvest to the god to ensure plentiful harvest, with records of offerings of the first stems of sprouts of wheat being offered during the Ptolemaic period.
Civilians who were not able to formally practice the cult of Min paid homage to the god as sterility was an unfavorable condition looked upon with sorrow. Concubine figurines, ithyphallic statuettes, and ex-voto phalluses were placed at entrances to the houses of Deir el-Medina to honor the god in hopes of curing the disability. Egyptian women would touch the penises of statues of Min in hopes of pregnancy, a practice still continued today.
Appearance
In Egyptian art, Min was depicted as an anthropomorphic male deity with a masculine body, covered in shrouds, wearing a crown with feathers, and often holding his penis erect in his left hand and a flail (referring to his authority, or rather that of the Pharaohs) in his upward facing right hand. Around his forehead, Min wears a red ribbon that trails to the ground, claimed by some to represent sexual energy. The legs are bandaged because of his chthonic force, in the same manner as Ptah and Osiris. His skin was usually painted black, which symbolized the fertile soil of the Nile.
Family
In Hymn to Min it is said:
Min, Lord of the Processions, God of the High Plumes, Son of Osiris and Isis, Venerated in Ipu...
Min's wives were Iabet and Repyt (Repit).
Isis is the mother of Min as well as his wife.
See also
List of Egyptian deities
References
Further reading
McFarlane, Ann. (1995). The God Min to the End of the Old Kingdom. Australian Center for Egyptology. .
External links
Site on Min, with some pictures
Egyptian gods
Fertility gods
Harvest deities
Priapists
Love and lust deities
Love and lust gods
John Eisendrath is an American television series producer and writer. He created and served as the executive producer and showrunner for the series Outlaw, Playmakers, and currently serves as executive producer on NBC's The Blacklist. More recently, Eisendrath signed a new three-year overall deal with Sony Pictures Television through 2025.
Personal life
John Eisendrath was born into a wealthy Jewish family, the younger brother of Edwin Eisendrath (former alderman of Chicago and CEO of the Chicago Sun-Times). He joined WBBM in the mid 1980s, only to leave with friend Kathryn Pratt to start a TV writing career.
He is married to television writer Jennifer Levin. He is a father of four, and lives in LA. In 2003, his Thanksgiving Day production company created a show for ESPN, Playmakers. In 2008, he was signed to a deal with Universal Media Studios.
Credits
Writer
Beverly Hills Buntz (1988) (story - 1 episode)
TV 101 (1989) (writer - 2 episodes)
WIOU (1990) (creator - 14 episodes) (story - 1 episode) (teleplay - 1 episode)
Models Inc. (1994) (writer - 3 episodes)
Malibu Shores (1996) (writer - 2 episodes) (story - 1 episode)
Beverly Hills, 90210 (1990) (writer - 34 episodes) (teleplay - 2 episodes) (story - 1 episode)
Felicity (1998) (writer - 3 episodes)
Alias (2001) (writer - 8 episodes)
Playmakers (2003) (creator) (writer - 3 episodes)
The Catch (2005) (TV movie - creator)
K-Ville (2007) (writer - 1 episode)
Outlaw (2010) (creator) (writer - 3 episodes)
The Blacklist (2013) (writer - 16 episodes) (teleplay - 8 episodes) (story - 3 episodes)
The Blacklist: Redemption (2017) (creator) (story - 1 episode) (teleplay - 1 episode)
Executive producer
WIOU (1990) (executive producer)
Models Inc. (1994) (co-supervising producer - 17 episodes)
Malibu Shores (1996) (co-executive producer - 8 episodes)
Beverly Hills, 90210 (1990) (supervising producer - 25 episodes) (co-executive producer - 32 episodes) (executive producer - 85 episodes)
Felicity (1998) (executive producer - 15 episodes)
Playmakers (2003) (executive producer - 11 episodes)
Alias (2001) (executive producer - 66 episodes)
The Catch (2005) (TV movie - executive producer)
Supreme Courtships (2007) (TV Movie - executive producer)
K-Ville (2007) (consulting producer - 8 episodes)
My Own Worst Enemy (2008) (executive producer - 9 episodes)
Outlaw (2010) (executive producer - 3 episodes)
The Blacklist (2013) (executive producer - 114 episodes)
The Blacklist: Redemption (2017) (producer - 5 episodes) (executive producer - 3 episodes)
Self
The Story Behind: Beverly Hills, 90210 (2015)
References
External links
Living people
American television producers
American television writers
American Jews
Year of birth missing (living people)
is an animated film based on the novel by C. W. Nicol. Directed by Kazuki Ōmori, it was released theatrically in Japan on July 22, 2000. It was also broadcast in Latin America by HBO, France by AK Video, in Spain by HBO and in Russia by MC Entertainment. The film was adapted into a play by Japan's Atom Theater Company.
Plot
The young boy Amon has the mysterious power of the ancient "wind people". His father, a brilliant military scientist of the Golden Snake Empire, does not want to use his son's powers for weapons of mass destruction. He burns his papers and lab and tries to escape from the country with his family, but is killed in the attempt. Amon is taken prisoner by the Golden Snake Empire's despotic ruler, Branik, who intends for Amon's powers to produce a new super-weapon. Amon escapes to Heart Island when an eagle explains to him how to see the wind and fly. On Heart Island, Amon learns a bit about the history of the wind people from a bear. He then flies off and settles in a small fishing village. There, he befriends a young girl his own age, Maria. When Branik and the Golden Snake Empire launch an attack on the village, Maria's family are killed and Maria flees with Amon. Eventually Amon and Maria are recaptured, Maria thrown in prison and Amon forced to work on weapons. Amon joins a small revolution against Branik.
Characters
Amon
A young boy with powers of the ancient wind people. He can create small balls of light, called "light play", and converse with animals. Eventually he discovers the ability to see the wind and fly, as well as other ancient powers.
Branik
The despotic ruler of the Golden Snake Empire.
Maria
A young girl from a fishing village, she befriends Amon.
Lucia
A scientist, assistant to Amon's father, who becomes the Golden Snake Empire's head weapons scientist.
Reception
A reviewer at Mania.com commends the film for its "beautifully drawn and animated" graphics and "top-notch" cinematography. However, they criticised the film's imitation of Hayao Miyazaki's films.
References
External links
2000 anime films
Films based on Japanese novels
Japanese films
Nerone (Nero) is an opera in three acts by Pietro Mascagni from a libretto by Giovanni Targioni-Tozzetti, based on the 1872 play Nerone by Pietro Cossa. Most of Mascagni's music was drawn from a failed project Vistilia (from 1907) – the music made to 'fit' a wholly unconnected libretto.
It received its first performance on 16 January 1935 at La Scala, Milan, which was conducted by Mascagni himself.
Roles
References
External links
Italian-language operas
Operas by Pietro Mascagni
Operas
1935 operas
Depictions of Nero in opera
Opera world premieres at La Scala
Operas set in Italy
Operas based on plays
Archambaud IX of Bourbon (died 15 January 1249), called "Le Jeune" ("The Young"), was a ruler (sire) of Bourbonnais in the modern region of Auvergne, France.
He was the son of Archambaud VIII of Bourbon. He married Yolande I, Countess of Nevers. They had:
Matilda II, Countess of Nevers (d. 1262)
Agnes, Lady of Bourbon (1237 - 7 September 1288); married Jean of Burgundy, Count of Charolais, the son of Hugh IV, Duke of Burgundy.
He died in Cyprus on 15 January 1249 en route to Egypt in support of the Seventh Crusade.
See also
House of Dampierre
French Wikipedia article on House of Dampierre
References
Sources
1249 deaths
House of Dampierre
Christians of the Seventh Crusade
Year of birth unknown
Deaths in Cyprus
13th-century French people
Marcus Anthony Mailei (born October 30, 1986) is a former American football fullback. After playing college football for Weber State, he was signed by the Philadelphia Eagles as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He was a member of the New Orleans Saints from 2009–2010.
Early years
Mailei attended Highland High School in Salt Lake City, Utah and was a letterman in football and rugby, playing for the famous Highland Rugby Team coached by Larry Gelwix. He was rated a two-star prospect by Rivals.com. He also appeared as an extra in the film Forever Strong about Gelwix's life.
Mailei is an Eagle Scout.
College career
Mailei saw playing time in his freshman year in 2005, but was limited by a knee injury. In 2006, Mailei started all 11 games for the Wildcats and was Weber State's third-leading receiver with 241 yards and three touchdowns and also rushed for 72 yards and two scores, and earned Honorable Mention All-Big Sky honors. As a junior in 2007, Mailei saw a decrease in numbers, but established himself as the lead blocker for 4-time First-team All-Big Sky rusher Trevyn Smith, netting himself a First-team All-Big Sky selection. In 2008, Mailei entered the year with NFL potential, which brought him attention from NFL scouts. He took part in arguably Weber State's most successful season in program history, in which the Wildcats won their first Big Sky Championship in 40 years and advanced to the second round of the FCS playoffs. Mailei garnered another First-team All Big Sky Selection in 2008, in addition to a TSN Honorable Mention selection to the All-America Team.
Following his senior season, Mailei was invited to participate in the Texas vs The Nation all-star game in El Paso, Texas.
Professional career
Pre-draft
Prior to the 2009 NFL Draft, Mailei was invited to the NFL Scouting Combine in Indianapolis, where he suffered from flu-like symptoms.
Philadelphia Eagles
Mailei was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Philadelphia Eagles on April 27, 2009. He was waived during final roster cuts on September 5, 2009, and re-signed to the team's practice squad on September 7, 2009.
New Orleans Saints
Mailei was signed off the Eagles' practice squad by the New Orleans Saints on December 9, 2009, after the team waived fullback Kyle Eckel, and played in two games. Eckel was re-signed on December 21 when Mailei was placed on season-ending injured reserve with a hamstring injury.
Mailei returned to the Saints in 2010 but suffered a leg injury during training camp; he was waived/injured on August 20, 2010, and subsequently reverted to the team's injured reserve list after clearing waivers the next day. He was waived on February 10, 2011.
References
External links
Philadelphia Eagles bio
Weber State Wildcats football bio
1986 births
Living people
Players of American football from Salt Lake City
American football fullbacks
Weber State Wildcats football players
Philadelphia Eagles players
New Orleans Saints players
American people of Tongan descent
Gopinath Chandran is an Indian television anchor, radio jockey, journalist, reporter, news presenter/moderator, entrepreneur, and a writer, currently featured on the STAR Vijay debate show Neeya Naana. He is popularly known as "Neeya Naana Gopinath."
Early life
Gopinath was born in Aranthangi, Pudukkottai district, Tamil Nadu to Chandran and Kumudham Chandran in 1975
Career
Gopinath began his career in 1997 with United Television and later he went on to join Raj Television Network. He did report assignments for Jaya TV, NDTV and CNBC TV-18. Later he joined Vijay TV and anchored Makkal Yaar Pakkam, a political analysis programme. In 2006, he started his position with Neeya Naana.
He has been an anchor for television series such as Makkal Yaar pakkam, Nadanthadhu enna?, Sigaram thotta Manidargal and En Desam! En Makkal in 2013.
He was a radio jockey (RJ) at Radio City, and hosted their breakfast shows.
He has written five books. The first was a collection of poems, Theruvellam Devathaigal, and was published in 2007. The second book, Please indha Puthagathai vaangatheenga was based on personality development which is still topping the charts and has sold over 4 lakh copies till date. The third was a self-motivating and self-analysing book called Neeyum Naanum. Gopinath's fourth book is Ner Ner Thema, a collection of interviews. The recent book "Nimirnthu Nil" was published in Nakkeeran, Tamil Weekly and later got published in 2015. Of all his works he quotes PASSWORD as the one that is close to his heart.
He also wrote a series of articles with the title in Aananda Vikatan. It is known for its scripted motivation.
This article was translated into English as "You And Me".
Television works
Filmography
References
People from Pudukkottai district
Living people
Television personalities from Tamil Nadu
Indian television presenters
1975 births
The sixth edition of the Dutch Supercup was held on 16 August 1995 at De Kuip in Rotterdam. The match featured the winners of the 1994–95 Eredivisie, Ajax, and the winners of the 1994–95 KNVB Cup, Feyenoord. This was the third year in a row that the Dutch Supercup involved these two teams. The games were won by Ajax 2–1 after extra time, with the Ajax goals coming from Ronald de Boer and Patrick Kluivert, and Henrik Larsson scoring for Feyenoord. This victory meant Ajax had won the Supercup three years in a row.
This was the last Supercup game to be played under the title Dutch Supercup (), with subsequent cups being known under the title Johan Cruyff Shield ().
Match details
1995
Supercup
D
D
Dutch Supercup
Thyrotropin-releasing hormone receptor (TRHR) is a G protein-coupled receptor which binds thyrotropin-releasing hormone.
The TRHR is found on the cell membrane of thyrotropes of the anterior pituitary. When the TRHR binds TRH it activates phospholipase C, which causes the formation of inositol triphosphate (IP3) and diacylglycerol (DAG). This leads to an increase in cytoplasmic calcium ion concentrations which stimulates the exocytosis of thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) into the blood.
References
Further reading
External links
G protein-coupled receptors
Six Springs Creek is a tributary of Rattlesnake Creek in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately long and flows through Spring Brook Township. The watershed of the creek has an area of . Wild trout naturally reproduce in the creek and it is considered to be a High-Quality Coldwater Fishery. However, it has been affected by sewage contamination. The surficial geology in the creek's vicinity consists of Wisconsinan Till, bedrock, Wisconsinan Ice-Contact Stratified Drift, and wetlands.
Course
Six Springs Creek begins in a valley near Interstate 380 in Spring Brook Township. It flows south for several tenths of a mile and crosses Pennsylvania Route 307 before turning southwest, receiving two unnamed tributaries from the left and entering a valley. In the valley, the creek gradually turns west-northwest, passing through several ponds and receiving three more unnamed tributaries: one from the left and two from the right. The creek eventually turns southwest and after a short distance, reaches its confluence with Rattlesnake Creek.
Six Springs Creek joins Rattlesnake Creek upstream of its mouth.
Hydrology
The waters of Six Springs Creek used to be potable. However, runoff from septic tanks has caused the creek to experience substantial pollution. In 1984 Our Water: Legacy in Peril described the creek as being "a catch basin for runoffs from a car wash, laundromat and malfunctioning septic tanks". One entity also has a permit to discharge stormwater into the creek.
The waters of Six Springs Creek indirectly feed into the Nesbitt Reservoir, an unfiltered reservoir owned by the Pennsylvania Gas and Water Company. However, the officials of the company made plans to improve the chlorination facilities of the pipelines carrying water from the reservoir.
Geography and geology
The elevation near the mouth of Six Springs Creek is above sea level. The elevation of the creek's source is between above sea level.
The surficial geology in the vicinity of Six Springs Creek mainly consists of a glacial or resedimented till known as Wisconsinan Till. However, patches of bedrock consisting of conglomeratic sandstone, sandstone, and shale are also present, as are smaller areas of Wisconsinan Ice-Contact Stratified Drift. There are also a few patches of wetland.
IH Land Development, Inc. has received a permit to construct and maintain a road and a driveway crossing through of wetland in the watershed of Six Springs Creek. The purpose of this project is to provide access to Tranquility Woods Resiential Development, just south of the corner of Pennsylvania Route 690 and Maple Lake Road.
Watershed
The watershed of Six Springs Creek has an area of . The watershed is mostly in Spring Brook Township. However, a small part is in Covington Township. The creek is entirely within the United States Geological Survey quadrangle of Moscow.
There is a tract of Exceptional Value wetland in the watershed of Six Springs Creek.
History
Six Springs Creek was entered into the Geographic Names Information System on August 2, 1979. Its identifier in the Geographic Names Information System is 1187734.
In 2001, the Lackawanna River Watershed Conservation Plan recommended that Spring Brook Township include protection of Six Springs Creek in their zoning plans. A culvert carrying Swartz Valley Road across the creek was constructed some time before 2011. It was damaged during Tropical Storm Lee in 2011 and plans were later made to replace it for $263,730.
Biology
Wild trout naturally reproduce in Six Springs Creek from its headwaters downstream to its mouth. The watershed of the creek is designated as a High-Quality Coldwater Fishery.
See also
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
List of tributaries of the Lackawanna River
References
Rivers of Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania
Tributaries of Spring Brook (Lackawanna River)
Rivers of Pennsylvania
First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 200 E. Clinton Street in Jacksonville, Alabama. It was built in 1859 and added to the National Register in 1982.
References
External links
Historic American Buildings Survey, Presbyterian Church, North Chinabee & East Clinton Streets, Jacksonville, Calhoun County, AL
Presbyterian churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Calhoun County, Alabama
Romanesque Revival church buildings in Alabama
Churches completed in 1859
Churches in Calhoun County, Alabama
Open Theology is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal published by De Gruyter since 2015. It covers theology and religious studies. The editor-in-chief is Charles Taliaferro (St. Olaf College).
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in EBSCO databases, Emerging Sources Citation Index, ERIH PLUS, and Scopus.
References
External links
Open access journals
Religious studies journals
Publications established in 2015
De Gruyter academic journals
English-language journals
Major General Shukhrat Gairatzhonovich Kholmukhammedov is the current Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Uzbekistan, having been appointed to this position on 23 March 2021. He was also awarded the rank of Major General at the same time.
Prior to his appointment, he served as Deputy Defense Minister, Deputy Secretary of the Presidential Security Council and Deputy Minister of Emergency Situations.
In 2016 he was awarded the Sodi Khizmatlari Uchun medal.
References
Chiefs of the General Staff (Uzbekistan)
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Assembly () is a 2015 South Korean television series starring Jung Jae-young, Song Yoon-ah and Ok Taecyeon. It airs on KBS2 on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 for 20 episodes beginning July 15, 2015.
Plot
Jin Sang-pil has been a shipyard welder for 23 years, but when he and his fellow workers get laid off, he fights for their reinstatement as the spokesman for the labor union. To his surprise, this leads to him becoming a newly elected member of the National Assembly. But because of his idealism and naiveté, Sang-pil finds it difficult to navigate the corridors of politics. Enter whip-smart aide Choi In-kyung, who shows him the ropes and together they work to accomplish real change within the government.
Cast
Jung Jae-young as Jin Sang-pil
Song Yoon-ah as Choi In-kyung
Ok Taec-yeon as Kim Kyu-hwan
Jang Hyun-sung as Baek Do-hyun
Park Yeong-gyu as Park Choon-sub
Kim Seo-hyung as Hong Chan-mi
Lee Won-jae as Kang Sang-ho
Jung Hee-tae as Im Kyu-tae
Choi Jin-ho as Jo Woong-kyu
Gil Hae-yeon as Chun No-shim
Sung Ji-ru as Byun Sung-ki
Yoon Bok-in as Oh Ae-ri
Seo Hyun-chul as Seo Dong-jae
Im Ji-kyu as Shim Dong-chun
Kim Bo-mi as Song So-min
Kang Ye-won as Park Da-jung
Son Byong-ho as Bae Dal-soo
Lee Hang-na as Kim Kyung-ah
Kim Ji-min as Jin Joo-hee
Cho Jae-hyun (cameo, episode 1)
Tae In-ho
Ratings
In the table below, represent the lowest ratings and represent the highest ratings.
Awards and nominations
Production
This is Jung Jae-young's first Korean drama series in his prolific career as a film and stage actor.
Prior to becoming a drama screenwriter, Jung Hyun-min worked for ten years as a political aide for a member of the National Assembly.
References
External links
2015 South Korean television series debuts
2015 South Korean television series endings
Korean Broadcasting System television dramas
South Korean political television series
Television series by RaemongRaein
Television series by KBS Media
also known by his Chinese style name , was a prince of Ryukyu Kingdom.
Prince Urasoe was the second son of King Shō Boku. He was a full-brother of Crown Prince Shō Tetsu, and also a half-brother of Prince Yoshimura Chōgi and Prince Ginowan Chōshō. He was given Urasoe magiri (, modern Urasoe, Okinawa) as his hereditary fief, and established a new royal family: Urasoe Udun ().
Prince Urasoe served as sessei from 1794 to 1797. He was good at waka poetry.
References
|-
1762 births
1797 deaths
Princes of Ryūkyū
Sessei
People of the Ryukyu Kingdom
Ryukyuan people
18th-century Ryukyuan people
Meyilhacılar, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
The Ministry of Defence of Mongolia () is a ministry of the Government of Mongolia. According to the Law on the defence of Mongolia, the ministry is responsible for develop defense policy, coordinate its political, economic, social, legal and military implementation, and exercise civilian control over the Mongolian Armed Forces. The current Minister Gürsediin Saikhanbayar was appointed in July 2020.
The ministry has the following leadership structure:
Minister of Defence
Deputy Minister of Defence
Secretary of State
According to the Law on the Armed forces, General Staff of the Mongolian Armed Forces is the professional managing body and the headquarters for the Mongolian Armed Forces and operates independently from the ministry.
History
On 29 December 1911, Mongolia gained independence from the Manchu Empire, and established its first five ministries. One of the ministries was the Ministry of Military Affairs, which was one of the predecessors to the Ministry of Defence.
Since then, it has operated under the following names:
Ministry of Military Affairs (1911-1919)
Ministry of War (1921-1922)
Ministry of Military Affairs of the People's Government of Mongolia (1922-1924)
Ministry of Military Affairs of People's Republic of Mongolia (1924-1949)
Ministry of Defence (1949-1955)
Ministry of Military and Public Security (1955-1959)
Ministry of People's Military Affairs (1959-1968)
Ministry of Defence of the Mongolian People's Republic (1968-1992)
Ministry of Defence of Mongolia (1992-Present)
Ministry structure
The ministry has the following structure:
Strategic Policy and Planning Directorate
Public Administration Directorate
Policy Implementation Coordination Directorate
Foreign cooperation Directorate
Monitoring Evaluation and Internal Auditing Directorate
Subordinate institutions/units
The following units/institutions are under the direct command of the defence ministry:
National Defense University – The MNDU is an accredited military university located in Ulaanbaatar and is the country's premier and oldest military educational institution. It prepares officers and NCOs to have grounded leadership skills as well as physical/moral strength.
Institute for Strategic Studies – The institute was established in February 1990 as a strategic research centre under the Ministry of Defence. In May 2006, the government upgraded the institute's status to a separate research branch of the National Security Council of Mongolia (NSC), acting as a think tank institution.
Cultural institutions/units
Mongolian Military Song and Dance Academic Ensemble
Mongolian Military Museum
Central Archives – The Central Archives has data and documents which date back to the Mongolian Revolution of 1921. The military archives were set up by the Deputy Minister on 8 May 1939, coming into effect on 20 October. In the late 1950s, the government took concrete action to improve the orderly use of the preservation of the country's archives. In 1956, the Ministry of Defence appointed a spokesperson for the archives of the Mongolian People's Army. In the early 1980s, the Mongolian People's Army Central Archives was equipped with personnel who have professional and vocational training and an advanced post-secondary education and in 1988, a new building was created due to the expansion of the archives. Since 2006, it has been under the control of the defence ministry.
"Baga Bayan" Peace Resort – Established in 1932, it is a living centre and retirement home for elderly veterans of military service.
State Department Store of the Ministry of Defence "Börte"
List of Ministers of Defence
Since July 1996, the ministry has been led by a civilian official.
Bogd Khanate
Mongolian People's Republic
Modern era
References
Government ministries of Mongolia
Military of Mongolia
1911 establishments in Mongolia
Defence ministries
Mount Roe () is a flattish, largely ice-covered mountain overlooking the west side of Liv Glacier. It stands 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) northeast of Mount Wells at the southeast end of Prince Olav Mountains. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Lieutenant Donald W. Roe, Jr., of U.S. Navy Squadron VX-6, a member of the 1961 winter party at McMurdo Station and squadron safety officer in the 1962–63 season.
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Dufek Coast
Sawang Daen Din (, ) is a district (amphoe) in the western part of Sakon Nakhon province, northeast Thailand.
Geography
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Charoen Sin, Wanon Niwat, Phang Khon, Waritchaphum, and Song Dao of Sakon Nakhon Province, Chai Wan, Nong Han, Thung Fon, and Ban Dung of Udon Thani province.
History
The district dates back to Mueang Sawang Daen Din, which was converted into an amphoe during the Thesaphiban administrative reforms around 1900.
In 1939 it was renamed Sawang Daen Din.
Administration
Central administration
Sawang Daen Din is divided into 16 sub-districts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 189 administrative villages (mubans).
Missing numbers are tambon which now form Charoen Sin District.
Local administration
There are seven sub-district municipalities (thesaban tambons) in the district:
Don Khueang (Thai: ) consisting of parts of sub-district Waeng.
Sawang Daen Din (Thai: ) consisting of parts of sub-district Sawang Daen Din.
Bong Tai (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Bong Tai.
Ban Tai (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Ban Tai.
Khok Si (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Khok Si.
Nong Luang (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Nong Luang.
Phan Na (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Phan Na.
There are 11 subdistrict administrative organizations (SAO) in the district:
Sawang Daen Din (Thai: ) consisting of parts of sub-district Sawang Daen Din.
Kham Sa-at (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Kham Sa-at.
Bong Nuea (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Bong Nuea.
Phon Sung (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Phon Sung.
Kho Tai (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Kho Tai.
Waeng (Thai: ) consisting of parts of the sub-district Waeng.
Sai Mun (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Sai Mun.
Tan Kon (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Tan Kon.
Tan Noeng (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Tan Noeng.
That Thong (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district That Thong.
Ban Thon (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Ban Thon.
References
External links
amphoe.com
Sawang Daen Din
Steinbach Pride (also known as the March for Equality) is an annual pride march and rally in Steinbach, Manitoba. The first event, which was attended by 3,000 people, was held on July 9, 2016. It garnered national attention in Canada after no elected officials of the area chose to attend.
History
In spring 2013, the NDP provincial government tabled Bill 18, an anti-bullying bill, which required all publicly funded schools to support anti-bullying student groups, including those supporting students of "all sexual orientations and gender identities," such as Gay-Straight Alliances (GSAs).
Some socially conservative groups such as Southland Community Church and Steinbach Christian School opposed the bill on grounds that it violated their religious freedom, and Steinbach City Council passed a resolution asking the government to review the issue. A prayer meeting in Steinbach against Bill 18 drew 1,200 people. Bill 18 passed without amendments in September, and has not been rescinded even after the Progressive Conservatives came into power.
In 2016, Steinbach resident Michelle McHale petitioned Hanover School Division, asking for an inclusive curriculum, while the board responded by citing an internal policy not to discuss same-sex relationships in the classroom. It also denied a similar request from a lesbian student in one of their schools. McHale and her partner then filed a Human Rights Complaint against Hanover School Division.
McHale, who had been involved in Pride Winnipeg, organized the first ever Pride Parade in Steinbach.
Since 2019, the event has been organized by Chris Plett. The 2020 and 2021 events were postponed due the COVID-19 pandemic, with the event returning in August 2022.
First parade
The first Steinbach Pride event was held on July 9, 2016. Organizers were expecting about 200 people, but over 3,000 people came from the region and across the province and the parade received national attention.
Support for the parade grew when news and criticisms broke that neither the mayor of Steinbach, their provincial representative, nor their federal representative would attend. Federal MP Ted Falk claimed a conflict in his schedule with Frog Follies festival in St-Pierre-Jolys, but when the Follies organizers publicly asked him to attend Steinbach Pride instead, Falk came out to say he would not attend because of “values of faith, family and community.”
At first, the RCMP denied the organizers' application for a permit to march on the street and asked the parade to stay on the sidewalk, but were able to negotiate a route with the city. The parade route went from E.A. Friesen Park to Steinbach City Hall, where speakers addressed a crowd that spilled out beyond the building's lawn.
References
Pride parades in Canada
LGBT in Manitoba
LGBT Mennonites
L'Opéra Restaurant is a restaurant in Paris, France. Built into the Palais Garnier opera house's east facade, the restaurant is at the intersection of Gluck and Halévy streets, at the Place Jacques Rouché, in the 9th arrondissement. The restaurant premiered in 2011, 136 years after the Opera itself was opened.
History
According to a restaurant press release, a restaurant had been proposed since the beginning of architect Charles Garnier's plans for the opera house. His project was not realized due to lack of funds.
Two other efforts to create a restaurant were made by theatre directors, in 1973 by composer Rolf Liebermann, followed in 1992 by businessman Pierre Bergé. These attempts did not succeed, also due to lack of financial support.
In March 2007, director Gérard Mortier created a competition for tenders, under an ambitious plan to bring opera to new audiences. After 16 months of negotiations, the proposal by Pierre François Blanc was accepted by the Opera on July 1, 2008.
After a year of preparations, the architectural project of Odile Decq received appraisal from the National Commission of Historic Monuments on June 15, 2009.
Menu
The Opera's menu was developed by Chef Christophe Aribert. Previous head chefs include Yann Tanneau and Stéphane Bidi.
In January 2016, Chihiro Yamazaki became the new head chef. Chihiro Yamazaki has worked in Parisian restaurants such as Bellecour, Grand Hotel.
Architecture
Located behind the east facade of the Opera Garnier, the restaurant occupies space where horse-drawn carriages entered to drop off opera patrons, when the building was first erected. The restaurant's interior was designed by French architect Odile Decq.
Given the historic monument status of the building, the architect was obliged to create the restaurant without making use of any original walls, pillars, or other structural elements. Decq has referred to the restaurant as a "phantom," possibly a reference to The Phantom of the Opera (a story set in, and inspired in part by real events at, the Opera Garnier).
References
External links
L'Opéra Restaurant official homepage
L'Opéra Facebook page
La Boumette Facebook page
French restaurants
Restaurants in Paris
Buildings and structures in the 9th arrondissement of Paris
Tourist attractions in Paris
2011 establishments in France
Restaurants established in 2011
Harry Everett Mitchell (born July 18, 1940) is an American politician and educator who served as a U.S. Representative representing from 2007 until 2011. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
Early life, education and career
Born and raised in Tempe, Arizona, Mitchell earned a bachelor's degree in political science from Arizona State University in 1962. He later earned a Master of Public Administration degree from ASU in 1980.
He was a teacher at Tempe High School, his high school alma mater, 1964–1992. He was also a professor.
Early political career
In 1970, Harry Mitchell sought and won a seat on the elected-at-large Tempe City Council. Re-elected in 1974, Mitchell ran for Mayor of Tempe in 1978, gaining a majority of votes cast in the primary and avoiding a runoff. He went on to win every subsequent election for mayor in landslides until his retirement in 1994. A large statue of Mitchell stands just off Mill Avenue, next to City Hall and the other buildings comprising the Harry E. Mitchell Municipal Complex.
After retiring in 1994, Mitchell sought the Arizona Democratic Party's nomination for Arizona Superintendent of Public Instruction, a constitutionally mandated statewide-elected official charged with the management of Arizona's public schools. Mitchell narrowly lost in the primary – he attributes his election loss to his inexperience in partisan races – and his opponent went on to lose the general election.
Four years later, however, Mitchell sought and won a seat in the Arizona Senate, representing Tempe and parts of southern Scottsdale. Even though his district was considered a "swing" district, Mitchell managed to win with clear majorities in each successive election. He ran under Arizona's Clean Elections law in each legislative race, which provides public financing to statewide and legislative candidates as long as the candidates abide by certain restrictions and qualifications.
Facing term limits, Mitchell ran his last campaign for Arizona Senate in 2004. One year later, with the 2006 midterm elections approaching, Mitchell ran unopposed for chair of the Arizona Democratic Party after chairman Jim Pederson stepped down to run for the United States Senate. He was elected on August 20, 2005.
Mitchell oversaw much of the early ground work as the Arizona Democratic Party prepared for statewide elections on November 7, 2006. The Democrats recaptured the Tucson city council from years of Republican control on February 1, 2006.
U.S. House of Representatives
Committee assignments
Committee on Science and Technology
Subcommittee on Technology and Innovation
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure
Subcommittee on Aviation
Subcommittee on Highways and Transit
Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment
Committee on Veterans' Affairs
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations
Mitchell was a member of the Blue Dog Coalition who emphasize bipartisanship and cooperation with members of other parties. His voting record has been described as blue dog and centrist. He has voted for legislation largely supported by Democrats in Congress, such as the State Children's Health Insurance Program. Although he expressed reservations about many of the provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, he ultimately voted for it. Stating it was a "matter of principle," he declined coverage under the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program in favor of Medicare. He voted for the 2009 stimulus plan and has also stated he supports extending the Bush tax cuts.
Political campaigns
2006
In the spring of 2006, a poll commissioned by the Arizona Democratic Party and the DCCC, was leaked; the poll showed Republican J.D. Hayworth would be in a tight race against any of a handful of Democratic opponents; the district was rated "Toss-Up" by the Cook Political Report. Mitchell was pressured by several Arizona politicians and Rep. Rahm Emanuel, then head of the DCCC, to enter the race against Hayworth.
Mitchell stepped down as state party chairman on April 7. He entered the race on April 10 and raised a total of $213,209 for his campaign in less than two weeks.
By of the end of June 2006, Mitchell had nearly $700,000 on hand. An October 16 SurveyUSA poll showed Hayworth leading Mitchell by only 48% to 45%. On October 27, 2006, the Arizona Republic departed from its past endorsements of Hayworth and instead endorsed Mitchell. The polls demonstrated a slow, but deliberate, growth in the strength of Mitchell's popularity over the next few weeks.
On the evening of November 7, election day, most national and state news media outlets declared Mitchell the winner. However, Hayworth refused to concede, citing the significant number of outstanding absentee and early-voting ballots. As the results were updated each day, Hayworth never demonstrated the significant gains he anticipated. Hayworth conceded on November 14, though Mitchell did not acknowledge his victory until November 22. Mitchell ended up winning by more than 8,000 votes.
When he took office on January 3, 2007, Mitchell became the first Anglo Democrat to represent a significant portion of Phoenix since Sam Coppersmith and Karan English left office in 1995.
2008
Mitchell was reelected in 2008 with 53% of the popular vote over his Republican challenger, former Maricopa County treasurer David Schweikert.
2010
Mitchell lost his bid for reelection to Republican nominee David Schweikert.
This district has traditionally leaned Republican (R+5 according to analyst Charlie Cook). Thus, according to many analysts, Mitchell faced a difficult reelection campaign. Considering that his district was won by Bush in '04, but not Obama in '08, CQ Politics rated his district as tossup. Sarah Palin had also set a goal of replacing Mitchell with a "common sense conservative."
2012
Mitchell was considered a possible candidate for the U.S. House in 2012 in his former district, which had been renumbered as the 9th district and made slightly more competitive. However, he decided against running.
Electoral history
Personal life
Mitchell and his wife, Marianne, have two children. Their son, Mark Mitchell, is a former mayor of Tempe. Other politically active members of his family have included his brother, Robert Mitchell, who served as mayor and council member of Casa Grande, and his grandfather, William W. Mitchell Sr., who served as a state legislator. Mitchell is a Catholic. Marianne Mitchell died on May 27, 2019, after a years-long battle with Alzheimer's disease, the city of Tempe announced on May 29. She was 78.
References
External links
Harry Mitchell for Congress official campaign site
Profile at SourceWatch
|-
|-
|-
Mayors of Tempe, Arizona
Arizona state senators
Arizona Democratic Party chairs
Arizona State University alumni
1940 births
Living people
Arizona city council members
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Arizona
ASU College of Public Service & Community Solutions alumni
21st-century American politicians
Laura Lanza, Baroness of Carini (1529 – 4 December 1563) was an Italian noblewoman who was murdered, allegedly by her father, in Carini, Sicily, for having committed adultery.
Biography
Laura Lanza di Trabia was born to Cesare Lanza, Baron of Trabia and Count of Mussomeli, and Lucrezia Gaetani. She had a younger sister named Giovanna and two half-siblings from her father's second wife, Castellana Centelles: Ottavio, 1st Prince of Trabia, and Margherita.
She was born in Trabia and spent her adolescence in Palermo.
On 14 December 1543, at the age of fourteen, Laura was married to Don Vincenzo II La Grua-Talamanca, son of the baron of Carini Pietro III and Eleonora Manriquez. After that, she moved to their castle, where she gave birth to eight children.
Murder
On 4 December 1563 Laura was caught with her lover, Ludovico Vernagallo, a cousin of her husband's. This resulted in a crime of passion, and they were murdered in her bedchamber in the Carini Castle.
Her father, Cesare Lanza, Count of Trabia, confessed to the killing in a letter which he wrote to Philip II of Spain, but her husband was also suspected on account of rumors that he planned to marry again. It is also believed that La Grua-Talamanca may have killed Vernagallo to prevent Vernagallo from receiving the Lanza inheritance if he had an illegitimate child with Lanza. One reason proposed for Cesare being willing to accept the blame is that the crime qualified as an honor killing and therefore socially acceptable by the Italian nobility at the time.
The confessional letter is housed at the Cathedral in Carini.
King Philip II granted pardons to the murderers, who cited medieval law in their defense. La Grua did marry again in 1565 to Ninfa Ruiz, who died less than a year after their marriage.
Legacy
There is a popular legend that, on the anniversary of Baroness Lanza's murder, her bloody handprint will appear on a particular spot on her chamber wall.
The mayor of Carini, in conjunction with a project to restore the famed castle to its 16th-century appearance, has reopened the case for forensic study.
In 2007, Italian state television (RAI) aired a two-part drama with the role of the Baroness played by Italian actress, Vittoria Puccini.
An Italian TV miniseries L'amaro caso della baronessa di Carini was released in November 1975, starring Janet Ågren and Ugo Pagliai.
References
Further reading
Lanza family
Italian nobility
Italian murder victims
Walther Dürr (27 April 1932 – 6 January 2018) was a German musicologist. He is especially known for his research of the work of Franz Schubert. From 1965 to 1997 Dürr was editor of the Neue Schubert-Ausgabe, with particular responsibility for the 14 volumes of lieder.
Born in Berlin, Dürr studied from 1951 musicology and German and Romance studies in Berlin and Tübingen. He gained a PhD in 1956. Further studies and teaching led him to Bologna and back to Tübingen. He also taught at the universities of Stuttgart, Freiburg, and Bern.
Besides his musicology work, he worked as a music critic, editor of numerous magazines, and translator of opera librettos.
Dürr died in Tübingen, at age 85.
References
External links
1932 births
2018 deaths
Musicologists from Berlin
University of Tübingen alumni
University of Tübingen faculty
University of Bologna faculty
Schubert scholars
German music critics
Classical music critics
The Constant Nymph is a 1933 British drama film directed by Basil Dean and starring Victoria Hopper, Brian Aherne and Leonora Corbett. It is an adaptation of the 1924 novel The Constant Nymph by Margaret Kennedy and the 1926 stage play adaptation written by Kennedy and Dean. Dean tried to persuade Novello to reprise his appearance from the 1928 silent version The Constant Nymph but was turned down and cast Aherne in the part instead.
Synopsis
The film is set in Tyrol, western Austria. Previously filmed in 1928, the sentimental Margaret Kennedy novel The Constant Nymph was sumptuously remade by Gaumont-British Picture Corporation in 1933. Victoria Hopper plays the title character, a rich, Belgian gamine named Tessa Sanger. The girl falls hopelessly in love with world-famous composer Lewis Dodd (Brian Aherne), who is so full of himself that he barely acknowledges Tessa's existence. As she looks on in quiet desperation, Dodd marries another woman, her cousin Florence (Leonora Corbett). It takes him nearly the entire picture to realize what a fool he's been, and that Tessa was the one girl for him all along—but alas, it's too late. The Constant Nymph was remade by Warner Bros. in 1943, at which time all prints of the 1933 version were supposed to be destroyed, however, several prints did survive.
Cast
References
Bibliography
Sweet, Matthew. Shepperton Babylon: The Lost Worlds of British Cinema. Faber and Faber, 2005.
External links
1933 films
1933 drama films
Films based on British novels
Films directed by Basil Dean
British drama films
Gainsborough Pictures films
Fox Film films
British black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
1930s British films
Friockheim is a village in Angus, Scotland dating from 1814. It lies between the towns of Arbroath, Brechin, Forfar and Montrose.
History
The name 'Friockheim', literally translated, means 'Heather Home', with Friock being a derivative from the Gaelic 'fraoch' (heather) and 'heim' from the German for home. The word 'Friockheim' as a whole, is pronounced 'Free-come'.
The birth of the village took place soon after 1814 when Thomas Gardyne of Middleton succeeded his brother as the laird of the lands of Friock and feued them to Mr John Andson, of Arbroath, who built a flax spinning mill and as proprietor-in-feu attracted many textile workers to come and settle on easy terms in what was at first known as Friock feus.
Mr Andson's son, John Andson added in the 'heim' part of the name. This was at the request of the numerous Flemish weavers who had gone there to develop the flax spinning process. He had to obtain the sanction of Thomas Gardyne as superior and together they agreed on the following advertisement, which is thought of as Friockheim's foundation charter.
Printed in Arbroath and dated May 22, 1824 this read:
"The Spinning Mill and Village of Friock, of which Mr Gardyne of Middleton is the Superior, and Mr John Andson, Proprietor holding in feu, hitherto called 'Friock Feus' from this date henceforward is to be named “FRIOCKHEIM” and of which change of designation this on the part of Mr Gardyne and Mr Andson is notice unto all whom it may concern.”
John Andson died in office in 1814 (?) and his mill was burnt to the ground in 1862.
Recent changes
The village of Friockheim now has a population of around 800 - lower than its peak of 1,200 in the early 1900s. It has a convenience store and pharmacy as well as several small businesses and shops. There is also a public park and two village halls as well as a primary school and community centre. It also has its own church, dating from 1835.
Friockheim was served by a railway station on the Arbroath and Forfar Railway from 1848 to 1955. The line has since been lifted.
It used to be home to Douglas Fraser & Sons (Mfg) Ltd producing waterproof and leisure clothing but this firm no longer exists, and the ground where its mill was situated is now the site of modern housing. Planning conditions require the reinstatement of the mill lade, or at least part of it, with public access.
The local newsagent closed in 2016 after several decades of service to the village. The local co-operative has converted to a McColls, which provides many of the services the village has become accustomed to.
S.G. Baker Ltd produces hessian, cotton and polypropylene sacks for agriculture and business packaging. Although still based in the village, this firm is less involved in manufacturing than it used to be, and more involved in distributing goods that are manufactured overseas. It also has a base in Forfar.
Friockheim now has a 'By Royal Appointment' sign, for Mike Lingard, Gunsmith, who supplied guns to Prince Charles. Mr Lingard's premises are in the former Clydesdale Bank building in Gardyne Street.
Park Grove Crematorium opened in the 1990s and is used by surrounding towns as well as Friockheim itself as it is currently the only one in Angus.
Film of the village was shot in the 1930s by Dr AGW Thomson and is held by the Cinema Museum in London (ref HMo163).Cinema Museum Home Movie Database.xlsx
Nearby Parishes
Guthrie, Kinnell, Kirkden (previously Idvies, now disappeared).
References
External links
Details with photo
Villages in Angus, Scotland
World War II prisoner of war camps in Scotland
The Jackson DK2M is a superstrat variant of the Dinky line of electric guitars made by Jackson Guitars, specifically the Pro Series. Introduced in January 2006, at one point it became Jackson's top import seller until it was dropped from the 2010 line. Its full name is the Jackson Pro Series DK2M Dinky (Model #291-1005) and was manufactured in Japan using bolt-on neck construction in a scale length of 25.5”. The DK2M had a 2007 MSRP of $857–999, depending on finish, while street price ranged from $600–700. The Jackson DK2M was reintroduced to the market in 2012, and is now manufactured in Mexico. A molded case is optional.
Body
The DK2M uses an alder body in the classic Soloist/Dinky shape with a bevel in the bottom horn cutaway (for non-veneer finishes), while no pickguard is used as the controls are rear mounted. The back of the body in the neck pocket area is mildly scalloped for easier access to the higher frets.
Neck
The neck is constructed of rock maple giving this guitar its distinctive name DK2M, in which the M designates the fretboard's maple material. The DK2M also features a scarf joint to orient the Jackson 6-In-Line Pointed Headstock back at a 12-degree angle. The Compound 12” to 16” Radius fretboard is unfinished maple, has 24 jumbo nickel frets. Early models feature black Delrin sharkfin shaped inlays while later models feature off-set black dot inlays. An overhang is used for the last fret. The fretboard and headstock are bound in black, with white dot sidemarkers. Specifications for the Floyd Rose style locking nut is a width of 1-11/16”. Factory installed NPS strings are used, in gauges .009, .011, .016, .024, .032, and .042
Electronics
Pickup configuration consists of two genuine Seymour Duncan humbuckers: a TB-4 at the bridge, and an SH-1N at the neck. The pickups are connected to rear-mounted controls consisting of a shared volume dome knob and a tone dome knob, with a 3-Position blade selector switch below the knobs, 2013 models are equipped with 5 position switch, which enables coil splitting configurations in positions 2 and 4. (Pos. 1 Bridge H, Pos. 2 S/S, Pos. 3 H/H, Pos. 4 Neck S and Pos. 5 Neck H). A 1/4" mono audio cable jack is bottom mounted on the body, which is secured with a black metal football plate.
also some custom LTD runs contain EMG 81/85 active humbucker pickups (some newer runs have the ZW EMG set.)
Hardware
The double locking bridge is a Floyd Rose licensed Jackson Low Profile JT-580 LP Double Locking 2-Point Tremolo, mounted in a routed recess. The headstock utilizes Jackson branded die-cast tuners supplied by Jin-Ho of Korea (model #J-07). These parts and the other minor bits (strap buttons, knobs) are coated in black enamel.
Finishes
The DK2M was offered in nine different standard finishes for the body, with three price levels. Finishes in the MSRP $857 range consist of Black, Cobalt Blue, Inferno Red, and Snow White. The MSRP $928 was reserved for the Transparent Black, Transparent Blue and Transparent Red finishes, which cover a flame maple veneer. Finally, the highest priced range of MSRP $999 consisted of two swirl finishes: Crimson Swirl and Eerie Dess Swirl. On all finishes the headstock is natural, with the Jackson logo in a black decal.
LTD
The 2007 Jackson DK2M (A.M.S. Exclusive Collection) came in "White Bengal Custom Graphics" and was loaded with EMG 81/85 active pickups.
more recently a Blue Bengal was offered with EMG 81/85 Zakk Wylde signature ZW EMG's (with the solderless wiring harness.)
References
DK2M
Robertson Glacier () is a tributary glacier that flows south from Anare Mountains and enters Ebbe Glacier east of Springtail Bluff. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photography, 1960–63, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for John W. Robertson, photographer's mate with U.S. Navy Squadron VX-6 at McMurdo Station, 1967–68 and 1968–69.
External links
Glaciers of Pennell Coast
Dorothy Lehman Bernhard (April 22, 1903 – March 6, 1969) was a civic leader and philanthropist.
Biography
Dorothy Lehman Bernhard was born in New York City to a secular Jewish family, the oldest child of Adele (née Lewisohn) and Arthur Lehman. She had two sisters, Helen Lehman Buttenwieser Lehman and Frances Lehman Loeb. She is the niece of New York governor Herbert Lehman and Irving Lehman, the Chief Justice of the Court of Appeals in New York State. Her grandfathers were Mayer Lehman and Adolph Lewisohn. In 1920, she graduated from the Horace Mann School after which she attended Wellesley College but left after one year to marry investment banker Richard Jaques Bernhard in 1923. In the 1930s, her family established a charitable fund to aid relatives in emigrating from Nazi Germany and providing assistance in their resettlement; Bernard managed the fund.
Thereafter, she dedicated herself to charitable causes. She was involved with the Child Welfare League of America for much of her life serving as vice president for 13 years and president from 1957 to 1962. She served on the board of the Citizen's Committee for Children of New York City for twenty years. Being a foster parent, she was a proponent of the deinstitutionalization of foster care. She served as chairwoman of the Hunter College School of Social Work Advisory Committee. She was appointed to the contributions New York State Board of Social Welfare from 1942 to 1947 and in 1960, she was appointed to the New York City Advisory Board on Public Welfare by Mayor Robert F. Wagner. She was also a strong supporter of Jewish organizations serving as a trustee of the Federation of Jewish Philanthropies, as vice president of the Jewish Child Care Association from 1940–1942, as a board member of the New York Association for New Americans, as an honorary vice president of the Associated YWHA of Greater New York, and as a member of the publications committee of Commentary magazine.
In 1962, she was presented by Eleanor Roosevelt, the first Child Welfare Award from the Child Welfare League of America. Bernhard was also an avid art collector, supporter of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, and served on the board of the New York Philharmonic.
Personal life
She had two children with Richard Jaques Bernhard: Robert Arthur Bernhard (b. 1928) and William Lehman Bernhard (b. 1931). Her husband was an investment banker at Wertheim & Co. Her son William married Catherine Cahill, daughter of attorney John T. Cahill and Grace Pickens who was one of the Pickens Sisters, a trio born on a Georgia plantation that reached national stardom in the 1930s with its own radio show, concert tours and records. She was a member of Temple Emanu-El in Manhattan. She died of cancer on March 6, 1969.
References
Lehman family
Jewish American philanthropists
1903 births
1969 deaths
N11 or rijksweg 11 is a freeway in the province of South Holland in the Netherlands. It is connecting Zoeterwoude, Alphen aan den Rijn, and Bodegraven.
Motorways in the Netherlands
Motorways in South Holland
Alphen aan den Rijn
Bodegraven-Reeuwijk
Zoeterwoude
The Charlotte whale is the skeleton of a beluga whale that was found buried in sediment near Charlotte, Vermont in 1849. It is exhibited at the Perkins Museum of Geology at the University of Vermont. Found at the time when knowledge of Earth's natural history was nascent, it proved key evidence for developing a glacial theory of New England. The whale skeleton was collected by Zadock Thompson and reconstructed by Albert David Hager in an unusual, anatomically incorrect manner. Later, that error was preserved for its historical significance. It was Vermont's official state fossil from 1993 to 2014, after which it became designated as Vermont's state marine fossil.
Discovery and preservation
The whale skeleton was uncovered in 1849, during the construction of the Rutland & Burlington Railroad. The skeleton was found buried in a farmer's field, approximately below the surface. Initially, it was mistaken for a horse skeleton and part of the whale's skull was destroyed in continued digging until a local resident, who recognized the bones as "unusual", managed to stop the digging, which allowed naturalist Zadock Thompson to collect and preserve the bones. Thompson reconstructed the skeleton and helped identify it as a beluga whale.
Zadock Thompson died in 1856. Some time after, Vermont state geologist Albert David Hager bought the skeleton from Thompson's widow, to reconstruct and present it in Vermont's state natural history collection in 1861. He found the specimen to be in bad shape, and, while preparing it "created something that would look interesting to the public". There have been attempts to reconstruct it to make it anatomically correct, but Perkins Museum of Geology curator Jeff L. Howe wrote that it was "more important as a historical specimen than as an anatomical specimen"; therefore, it has remained in the form in which Hager assembled it. The skeleton survived a flood of the museum in 1927.
Scientific significance and research
The Charlotte whale was the first of several whale skeletons found in Vermont, a landlocked U.S. state. In 1849, the discovery provoked a controversy, because initially, scientists were unable to account for how a skeleton of a marine mammal ended up buried in sediment 150 or 200 miles () from the nearest ocean shore. Some people attributed this to Noah's flood. Swiss geologist and biologist Louis Agassiz, who had produced the theory of glaciation and ice ages a decade earlier, based on his investigation of Alpine glaciers, was in Boston at the time and theorized that the same process happened in New England. According to Howe, the Charlotte whale and the Mount Holly mammoth that had been found the previous year on the same railroad dig, were crucial evidence and motivation to research glaciation in New England.
The whale skeleton was found in the sediments of the Champlain Sea, a prehistoric sea that existed from approximately 12,500 to 10,000 years earlier in the modern-day Champlain Valley that had been formed by the melting glaciers at the close of the last glacial period. At that time, the area in which the sea was located had been depressed below the sea level by the enormous weight of the Laurentide Ice Sheet. After the ice melted, the land gradually rose through isostatic rebound over the ensuing millennia. The Charlotte whale was among the earliest evidence of this process in Vermont.
The skeleton is approximately long and thought to be an adult. Its gender has not been determined. Based on the sediment in which it was found, its age has been estimated at 11,000 or 11,500 years, but due to the way the skeleton was first preserved in 1849, it is impossible to use radiocarbon dating to determine the age of the skeleton.
Legacy
The Charlotte whale was designated as the Vermont state fossil on June 6, 1993. In 2014, the Mount Holly mammoth was designated as the new state fossil, while the designation of the Charlotte whale was changed to being the state marine fossil. The whale skeleton is exhibited at the Perkins Museum of Geology at the University of Vermont.
See also
Reverence (sculpture)
References
Fossils of the United States
Paleontology in Vermont
Symbols of Vermont
1849 archaeological discoveries
Vaghel is a village in Harij Taluka of Patan district in Gujarat, India.
History
Vaghel, historically known as Vyaghrapalli, was the chief place in a grant of land made by Chaulukya king Kumarapala (1143- 1174) to his cousin Anak the grandfather of Virdhaval, who about 1243 founded the Vaghela dynasty (1243 - 1304).
It was under Palanpur Agency of Bombay Presidency, which in 1925 became the Banas Kantha Agency. After Independence of India in 1947, Bombay Presidency was reorganized in Bombay State. When Gujarat state was formed in 1960 from Bombay State, it fell under Gujarat.
Vaghel historically Lake - Historical Bhutaval Lake 1100 Years Old , Historical Bandiyu Lake - Vaghel, Harij
Places of interest
There is a small temple with a single open entrance hall, mandap, one story high, with pyramid roof, three porticoes, and a spire-surmounted shrine. There are also some very curious monumental stones, paliyas, with spirited deep cut carvings on all four sides and with tops cut in the form of a temple spire. They have much in common with the more ambitions cupolas, chhatris, and seem to come between them and the ordinary memorial stones.
References
Notes
Bibliography
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain:
Villages in Patan district
Deadfall may refer to:
Deadfall trap, a kind of trap for large animals, consisting of a heavy board or log that falls onto the prey
Deadfall (1968 film), starring Michael Caine, Eric Portman, and Giovanna Ralli
Deadfall, a BBC radio play (1987) by R.D. Wingfield
Deadfall (1993 film), featuring Nicolas Cage, Charlie Sheen, James Coburn, and Peter Fonda
Deadfall (2012 film), a 2012 film starring Eric Bana, Olivia Wilde, and Charlie Hunnam
Deadfall (novel), a 1997 novel in the Virgin New Adventures series of Doctor Who
Deadfall (band), a British thrash metal band from Nottingham
Deadfall Creek, a river in Alaska
Deadfall Adventures, a video game by The Farm 51
Dead to Fall, a metal-core band
A fallen tree, such as a nurse log
See also
A Dying Fall (2012), Elly Griffiths' fifth Ruth Galloway novel
The Prison Break episode, Dead Fall
Döda Fallet, a dry waterfall near Ragunda in Sweden
Rallier Island () is a small island with a small islet off its north side, lying 0.25 nautical miles (0.5 km) west of the northwest extremity of Booth Island, in the Wilhelm Archipelago. Discovered by the French Antarctic Expedition under Charcot, 1903–05, and named by him for Raymond Rallier du Baty, merchant marine cadet who signed on as seaman on the ship Francais.
Rallier Channel () is a narrow channel lying between Rallier Island and the west end of Booth Island, in the Wilhelm Archipelago. Discovered and named by the French Antarctic Expedition under Charcot, 1903–05, in association with Rallier Island.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of the Wilhelm Archipelago
"Drive" is a song by Australian musician Gretta Ray, released in August 2016 as the lead single from Ray's debut EP Here and Now (2018).
In October 2016, the song won first place in the Vanda & Young Global Songwriting Competition.
References
2016 singles
2016 songs
Gretta Ray songs
Songs written by Gretta Ray
Vanda & Young Global Songwriting Competition Winning Songs
The original 1 World Trade Center (also known as the North Tower, Tower 1, Building One, or 1 WTC) was one of the Twin Towers of the original World Trade Center in New York City. It was completed in 1972, stood at a height of , and was the tallest building in the world until 1973, when surpassed by the Sears Tower in Chicago.
It was distinguishable from its twin, the original 2 World Trade Center, also known as the South Tower, by the telecommunications antenna on its roof. Including the antenna, the building stood at a total height of . Other things that made the North Tower distinguishable from its twin was that there was a canopy connected to the North Tower's west facade on street level and there were two small pedestrian walkways that extended from the west and south promenades of Three and Six World Trade Center to the North Tower's north and south facades on plaza level, while the South Tower lacked any of those. The building's address was 1 World Trade Center, and the WTC complex had its own ZIP code (10048) due to its large size.
The original World Trade Center was destroyed in the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001; 1 World Trade Center was the first of the Twin Towers to be struck by a hijacked aircraft at 8:46 a.m EDT, and the second tower to collapse at 10:28 a.m. The North Tower stood for 102 minutes after the aircraft impact. Of the 2,977 victims killed in the attacks, around 1,600 were in the North Tower or on the ground.
The North Tower was replaced by the present-day One World Trade Center tower, which was opened in November 2014 as the lead building of the redeveloped World Trade Center site.
Tenants at the time of the attacks
The tenant list below was compiled from the original list provided by CoStar Group (a provider of electronic commercial real estate information), and quoted by CNN. It was sourced by using UnBlinking.com. Cantor Fitzgerald's corporate headquarters were located in 1 World Trade Center.
Note: Floor numbers in red were part of American Airlines Flight 11's impact area on September 11, 2001, with floors trapped by the impact marked in dark gray .
SOURCES: CoStar Group, CNN, and Unblinking.
Floor unknown: Alliance Global Finance, Associated Charter Marine, Carreden Group, CIF Agency, Dimetol International Trade, Eastern Capital Corporation, Falcon International Freight, First Pacific Rim, GAC Shipping, Garwood Financial, Globe Shipping Company, GSI Cargo Service, Hachijuni Bank, Hanil Securities, Lin Brothers International, Pluto Commodities, Port Newark
92nd floor
The 92nd floor, though intact and below the initial impact, did not have any survivors. Several 911 calls were recorded from employees at Carr Futures, a tenant on the 92nd floor. The workers reported that the elevators were destroyed and the stairwells impassable. A number of employees in a meeting were trapped in a conference room when its door jammed shut from the crash; the remainder made their way to an unoccupied area on the west side of the floor initially free of smoke and flames. However by the time the North Tower collapsed at 10:28 AM, fire had spread to that part of the floor, making conditions there unsurvivable. The last 911 call from that floor came from Tom McGinnis at 10:26 AM.
Tenants that left prior to the attacks
Between 1978 and 1995, the Consulate of Paraguay was located in Suite 1609 of 1 World Trade Center. Home Lines once occupied Suite 3969.
References
External links
"WTC Response Update: Governor Pataki Announces Partnership To Help New York City Businesses In Need Of Office Space". CoStar Group.
List of World Trade Center tenants via CNN (Archive)
World Trade Center Tenant Relocation Summary via TenantWise.com
World Trade Center Tragedy: Information for Families, Friends and Colleagues – Marsh and McLennan Companies
World Trade Center
Lists of companies based in New York (state)
Manhattan-related lists
One
The National First XV Championship (or the Top 4) is the Premier Rugby Union competition for Secondary Schools/Colleges in New Zealand. Since 2016, the Top 4 tournament has been based at the Massey University Sport and Rugby Institute in Palmerston North. The New Zealand Schools' and New Zealand Barbarians Schools' teams are generally announced at the conclusion of the tournament, whereby a development camp will take place the following week at the Institute.
The winning school of the Top 4 tournament is awarded the National Championship title and recognised as the top NZ 1st XV school in the nation. Additionally, they are nominated as the representative team for New Zealand at the SANIX World Rugby Tournament. If the scores are tied at fulltime, the title is shared and the SANIX nomination is decided as-per the semi-final tiebreaker process.
Qualification
The National First XV Championship is ultimately broken down via the Top 4, which is made up of the winners of the four regions: Blues, Chiefs, Hurricanes and South Island. The Top 4 was established in 1982 as an invitational tournament, whereby invitations were extended to 1st XV high school teams based on their form throughout the previous season. This was the system used during the '80s. The format of the qualifying process subsequently changed multiple times since then, until it settled on its current format.
Each region operates its own different qualification system:
Blues:
The Northland and North Harbour champions meet, with the winner of that match facing the Auckland 1A Competition champion in the Blues Cup final. The winner of this final represents the Blues region in the National Top 4 Tournament.
Chiefs:
Each province within the Chiefs region determines their own winner, followed by a knockout bracket. The knockout bracket incorporates multiple competitions, with the best ranked team from the Chiefs region in the Super 8 competition (either Hamilton Boys' High School, Rotorua Boys' High School, Tauranga Boys' College or New Plymouth Boys' High School) and in the Central North Island 1st XV competition playing each other. The winner of this match advances to the Chiefs semi-final, joined by the winner of a Chiefs playoff match (between the next two best ranked Super 8 Chiefs-region teams), a New Plymouth representative and a Waikato/Counties Manukau representative. The winner of each respective semi-final faces off in the Chiefs Cup Final. The winner of the final represents the Chiefs region in the National Top 4 Tournament.
Hurricanes:
The winner and runner-up of the Wellington Premiership and the top-two region schools that play in the Super 8 competition (either Gisborne Boys' High School, Napier Boys' High School, Hastings Boys' High School or Palmerston North Boys' High School) play in a seeded semi-final. A 'challenger' place is available to any region school, including schools that do not play in either competition, with that match taking place prior to the seeded semi-final matches. The winners of the semi-finals face off in the Hurricanes Cup final, with the winner representing the Hurricanes region in the National Top 4 tournament.
South Island:
The Crusaders Cup winner is the top side from the region-wide Miles Toyota Championship. Since the Highlanders-region competition was discontinued after 2015, a provincial-based knockout format has been used. The winner of the Otago Premier School competition may face a Waitaki representative, with the winner of that match facing a Southland representative in the Highlanders Cup final. Whoever triumphs in that final wins the Highlanders Cup and progresses to the South Island final. The winner of the match between the Crusaders Cup winner and the Highlanders Cup winner represents the South Island at the National Top 4 tournament.
Top 4 Tournament
The four regional-franchise winning teams then play two semi-finals, at the Top 4 tournament based in one place each year. The winners advance to the National 1st XV Final. The semifinal matchups change each year; for example, the Blues winner plays the Hurricanes winner one year, the Chiefs winner the next, and finally the South Island winner in rotation. This format doesn't necessarily pit the four strongest Highschool 1st XV's against each other, as there's no guarantee that the four strongest teams are spread out amongst all of the four regions. However, it does allow a fair representation of teams from each respective region, while still maintaining a high standard courtesy of the qualifying system.
There is also the possibility to obtain the Moascar Cup during the tournament, as the holder of the cup must put it up for challenge if they are present at the Top 4.
Some titles have been shared. Some feel there is an overwhelming need to include an extra time period to determine an outright winner. This is currently not allowed for under World Rugby's Under-19 variations. In the event of a drawn semi-final, the team that advances is determined by a hierarchy of factors, starting with which team scored the most tries in the match.
List of results
Top 4 results table
Below is a list of historical Top 4 results, with their New Zealand Super Rugby regions in brackets.
Where scores are tied at full-time (70min), the title is shared between both schools, as no extra time is played in 1st XV matches. Third/fourth playoff matches were not played from 2002-2004 and from 2012-2014. This is denoted by a dash in place of the score on the table. The losing semi-finalists from those years are treated as third-equal, as is the case with a drawn result.
The tournament was cancelled for the first time in 2020, as a result of the delay of the Rugby season, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. This allowed teams to prioritise their local competitions.
Summary table
Below is a summary table of the results of each school that has appeared in the Top 4. The most successful school and most Top 4 appearances are Hamilton Boys' High School of the Chiefs region, with 13 appearances and 5 titles. All of those appearances have come since 2004, within a 19-year span. Also Wesley College of the Chiefs region with 5 titles and 7 finals appearances, followed by Kelston Boys' High School of the Blues region, also with 5 titles - all of them title-winning showings. This is followed by Napier Boys' High School of the Hurricanes region and Otago Boys' High School of the Highlanders, South Island region, both with 11 Top 4 appearances apiece. The school with the most consecutive title wins is Christchurch Boys' High School of the Crusaders, South Island region - three, from 2004-2006. Two other schools have successfully defended their titles, on three separate occasions; Hamilton Boys' High School (2008-2009 and 2013-2014) and Kelston Boys' High School of the Blues region (1995-1996).
Summary table by region
Below is a summary table of Top 4 results sorted by the representative Super Rugby regions. Due to the tournament previously being invitational, the number of appearances by Blues, Chiefs, Hurricanes and South Island representations are not equal - some years multiple teams from one region were present, whilst in other years, no teams from a particular region were present. The region that has produced the most title wins is the Blues with 16 titles from 28 appearances, closely followed by the Chiefs region with 15 titles from 36 Top 4 appearances. The Hurricanes region has produced the most finals appearances, having schools from the Hurricanes region present 45 times in the Top 4, in the 38 editions since its inception.
Results by local competition
Below is a summary table of Top 4 results sorted by the representative local competition. Due to some local competitions containing schools from multiple Super Rugby regions, some years multiple teams from one competition were present. The competition that has produced the most title wins is the Auckland 1A 1st XV competition, with 16 titles from 28 appearances, closely followed by the Super 8 1st XV competition with 14 titles from 49 Top 4 appearances. The Super 8 1st XV comp has produced the most finals appearances, having schools from the competition present 49 times in the Top 4, in the 38 editions since its inception.
In 2002, Napier Boys' High School (Hurricanes) and Rotorua Boys' High School (Chiefs) drew the Top 4 final and their title was shared. In both 2004 and 2012 the playoff match for third was not held, and the teams from these years (Napier Boys' High School (Hurricanes) and Hamilton Boys' High School (Chiefs) in 2004, and Hamilton Boys' High School and Hastings Boys' High School (Hurricanes) in 2012) shared 3rd. All of these schools from these instances belong to the Super 8 1st XV competition and as such, these years are listed twice to represent the results of each school.
Semifinal results table
Below is a list of historical Top 4 semifinal results, with their New Zealand Super Rugby regions in brackets.
In the event of a drawn semi-final at full-time (70min), the team that advances is determined by a number of different factors, as no extra time is played in 1st XV matches. The hierarchy of factors starts with which team scored the most tries in the match, followed by which team scored the first try in the match. If no tries have been scored in the match, the winner is decided by which team scored the first points in the match. Lastly, if the score is 0-0 at fulltime, the team that progresses is decided by the flip of a coin.
Third/fourth playoff matches were not played from 2002-2004 and from 2012-2014. The losing semi-finalists from those years are treated as third-equal, as is the case with a drawn result in a normal 3rd/4th playoff match.
Moascar Cup
The oldest and most prestigious nationwide trophy in 1st XV rugby dates back to the end of World War One. At the end of the Great War, ten divisions of troops, six British, three Australian and a New Zealand division were waiting in Ismailia, Egypt to be sent home. Authorities within these divisions decided competitive sport would be a good way to fill in the time. A committee of officers was formed and they visited Cairo in search of a suitable trophy for a rugby tournament. When they returned they had a magnificent but somewhat cumbersome trophy made of Sterling Silver and stamped with "Made in London, 1904". The trophy was named the Moascar Cup. (Moascar was thought to be the name of a village in Egypt but it is, in fact, Arabic for "camp".) It was decided that the trophy in honour of the occasion should be mounted on the centre part of a sawn-off German propeller shot down in Palestine. The Cup, also contested by a South African division, was won by the New Zealand Mounted Rifle Brigade who won eight and drew one of its nine games.
On return to New Zealand, there was considerable debate about what was the best use for the trophy. It was agreed that it should be returned to the New Zealand Rugby Union and used for an appropriate competition. The individual charged with convincing the New Zealand Rugby Union of the trophy's merit was Lieutenant-Colonel E J Hublert, commanding officer of the Mounted Rifle Brigade. The trophy was accepted and the New Zealand Rugby Union decided the best use for the trophy was to use it to promote Secondary Schools rugby which had suffered badly because of the War. A knockout competition in both the North and South Islands was inaugurated with the final to be played at Athletic Park in Wellington. However, the best intentions of administrators were undone by apathetic attitudes by some schools and three years of expensive and time-consuming matches. Soon the knockout competition was abolished and replaced by a challenge system.
The current rules state that holders must nominate matches in which other schools can compete for it. A total of 7 matches must be announced once the cup is in contention. There used to be a tendency where holders would withhold putting the cup up for grabs against stronger opposition while making it available against perceived lesser sides. Doing so reduced the risk of losing the cup. There have been calls for the cup to be put up more regularly such is the demand and prestige of it. Many have voiced that the cup be put up at all home games and all knockout fixtures.
Another call to change has been regarding a tied score at full time. Like the National Top 4, no extra time is applied. The Moascar Cup defender continues to hold the cup if the scores are tied at full time.
Super 8 and Quadrangular Tournament
There are two other major tournaments that are contested. Neither hold effect on qualification to the National Top 4. However, the Moascar Cup may be put up for contention during participation in the tournaments.
Formed in 1997, the New Zealand Super Eight groups of schools incorporates the 8 boys' high schools from their respective provincial cities of the central North Island and is played in place of respective local competitions. The first sporting competitions were sponsored by Canterbury International and commenced in 1998, involving rugby and cricket. Since that time, the Super Eight concepts has grown to include not only 10 sports competitions, but also a cultural festival and professional development programmes for management staff and curriculum teachers. For rugby, many argue that the Super 8 is on par with the Auckland 1A competition where both are the toughest pre-Top 4 round-robin competitions in New Zealand secondary school rugby. The Super 8 is contested between, Gisborne Boys' High School, Hamilton Boys' High School, Rotorua Boys' High School, Tauranga Boys' College, Napier Boys' High School, Hastings Boys' High School, New Plymouth Boys' High School and Palmerston North Boys' High School.
The Quadrangular Tournament is the oldest secondary school rugby tournament which is competed between Wanganui Collegiate, Wellington College, Nelson College and Christ's College. It was initially known as the Triangular Tournament from 1890 to 1924 till Nelson College joined in 1925. In 2012 the 85th Quadrangular Tournament was contested. Regardless of being the oldest tournament in New Zealand secondary school rugby, it does not receive the same recognition as the National Top 4, Auckland 1A or Super 8 as no school that competes in it has ever gone on to win a National Championship (with the exception of Nelson College that won the Moascar Cup in 2016).
References
High school rugby union
New Zealand rugby union competitions
Hasargundgi is a village and Grampanchayat headquarter of Hasargundgi grampanchayat, in the southern state of Karnataka, India It is located in Chincholi taluk of Kalburgi district. The nearest village is Chimmanchod.
Demographics
As of 2011 India census Hasargundgi had a population of 2364 with 1177 males and 1187 females.
Education
The schools in Hasargundgi are Government higher primary and high school
run by Government of Karnataka India
Agriculture
Major Crops produced in the Hasargundgi pare Pigeon pea, Sorghum, Pearl millet, chickpea, mung bean, vigna mungo.
Transport
KSRTC bus facility is available to travel within the Karnataka state and Nabour states, to travel within 15 to 20 km, share auto available. The nearest railway station is (43 km) tandur railway station (TDU, railway station code). The nearest airport is (155 km) Rajiv Gandhi International Airport.
See also
Gulbarga
Districts of Karnataka
References
External links
http://Gulbarga.nic.in
Villages in Kalaburagi district
Lee Man-hee (; born 15 September 1931) is a Korean religious leader. Lee is the founder of the Shincheonji Church of Jesus the Temple of the Tabernacle of the Testimony (SCJ), a South Korean Christian group, that has been accused of being a religious cult, who has claimed that Jesus Christ appeared before him as a "bright heavenly figure". He has been accused by the press of being a "false prophet".
Early life
Lee was born on 15 September 1931 in Punggak Village, Cheongdo County, North Gyeongsang Province, Japanese Korea. Before founding his own religious movement, he was a member of the group known as Olive Tree and of another movement called the Tabernacle Temple.
During the Korean War, Lee served in the 7th Infantry Division of the Republic of Korea Army; after the war he returned to Punggak Village and worked as a farmer.
COVID-19 outbreak
On 22 February 2020, South Korea confirmed that 231 of their 433 cases of COVID-19 were from within the Shincheonji sect. Lee called the coronavirus a "devil's deed" intended to stop the sect's growth, but he canceled all gatherings of his faith. The Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said the practice of gathering followers in close quarters for religious services may have contributed to the fast spread of the disease.
On 1 March 2020, Seoul mayor Park Won-soon announced that the Seoul Metropolitan Government had made a criminal complaint about Lee, asking for an investigation into him and twelve others connected to the sect on charges of murder and violations of the Disease Control Act, citing their negligence in preventing an outbreak among their parishioners and their refusal to cooperate with the government throughout the crisis.
On 31 July 2020, Lee was arrested by South Korean authorities for allegedly violating the Infectious Disease and Control Act. At issue was a dispute over withholding data from the government for contact tracing, with the church asserting privacy. Lee was also charged with embezzlement and other crimes. By this time, the Shincheonji Church was being linked to more than 5,200 coronavirus infections, or 36% of South Korea's total cases. On 13 January 2021 Suwon District Court in Seoul acquitted Lee of violating the infectious disease laws. However Lee was convicted of embezzling 5.6 billion won ($4.7m USD) and obstruction of public affairs. Lee was sentenced to three years in prison. He remains out of jail on probation for four years.
References
1931 births
Living people
South Korean religious leaders
Founders of new religious movements
People from North Gyeongsang Province
Self-declared messiahs
Larry J. Echo Hawk (born August 2, 1948) is an American attorney, legal scholar, and politician. A member of the Democratic Party, Echo Hawk served under U.S. President Barack Obama as the United States Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Indian Affairs from 2009 to 2012. He previously served as the Attorney General of Idaho from 1991 to 1995, the first Native American elected to the position, and spent two terms in the Idaho House of Representatives. In 2012, he was called as a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). As of 2022, Echo Hawk is the last Democrat to have served as Attorney General of Idaho.
Early life and education
Echo Hawk was born into the federally-recognized Pawnee Nation in Cody, Wyoming, in 1948 to Ernest and Emma Jane Echo Hawk, where his father worked with the oil and gas industry. He was enrolled as a member of the tribe, whose reservation is in Oklahoma. Before Echo Hawk started first grade, his family moved to Farmington, New Mexico. His family joined the LDS Church when he was 14.
Echo Hawk attended Brigham Young University on a football scholarship. After earning a degree in physical education and zoology, Echo Hawk served for two years in the United States Marine Corps.
He earned a Juris Doctor in 1973 from the University of Utah. He then earned a Master of Business Administration from the Stanford Graduate School of Business.
Career
Echo Hawk began his legal career working with California Indian Legal Services. In 1975, he started his own law practice in Salt Lake City, Utah. In 1977, he became general legal counsel for the Fort Hall, Idaho-based Shoshone-Bannock Tribes. He also served as a special prosecutor for the Navajo Nation in 1985.
He later settled in Idaho, becoming active in the Democratic Party. In 1982 Echo Hawk was elected to a seat in the Idaho House of Representatives from Bannock County, where he served two terms. He was later elected Bannock County prosecuting attorney in 1986. Echo Hawk was elected Attorney General of Idaho in 1990, the first Native American elected to this position in Idaho.
Echo Hawk served as national co-chair for Native Americans for the Bill Clinton 1992 presidential campaign. He was a principal speaker at that year's Democratic National Convention and led the Idaho delegation as chair at the convention.
In 1994 Echo Hawk announced his candidacy to succeed fellow Democrat Cecil D. Andrus, who was retiring as Governor of Idaho. Echo Hawk decisively defeated former state senator Ron Beitelspacher and an unknown candidate in the Democratic primary, fueling speculation that he could be the nation's first Native American governor. But, he was defeated in the general election by the Republican candidate, former Lieutenant Governor Phil Batt. Echo Hawk has not been a candidate for public office since.
Shortly after the 1994 election defeat, Echo Hawk accepted a faculty position at BYU's J. Reuben Clark Law School and returned to Utah. In that capacity he taught courses in criminal law, criminal procedure and federal Indian law. He has also published several scholarly papers.
Echo Hawk is admitted to the bar in Idaho, Utah and California.
Native American issues
Echo Hawk has served on the American Indian Services National Advisory Board and Board of Trustees. He was appointed by President Bill Clinton to the Coordinating Council on Juvenile Justice, a leading group on justice policy development. He has also served on the board of the American Indian Community Resource Center. John Echo Hawk, director of the Native American Rights Fund, is his brother.
Echo Hawk was appointed by President Obama as the Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Indian Affairs in 2009. During his tenure, the government increased the amount of land held in trust for federally recognized Native American tribes by 158,000 acres, supporting their efforts to be self-supportive and to reconnect fragmented reservations. He also oversaw several water agreements made with Native American tribes. He directed implementation of the Tribal Law and Order Act. While leading Indian Affairs, he oversaw the formation of the Tribal Leadership Conference, which provides for an annual meeting between leaders or other representatives of the 566 federally recognized tribes, the U.S. President and all members of the Cabinet. He resigned his position at Interior on April 27, 2012.
In February 2019, Echo Hawk joined the administration of Utah governor Gary Herbert as special counsel on Native American affairs.
LDS Church service
In the LDS Church, Echo Hawk has served as president of a student stake on the BYU campus, a bishop, and high councilor.
At the time he was elected State Attorney General in Idaho, he was serving as a member of the board of trustees of LDS Social Services.
He was accepted by church membership as a general authority and member of the First Quorum of the Seventy on March 31, 2012. During his first year as a general authority he made multiple trips throughout the southwest US, often meeting with groups of Latter-day Saint Native Americans. From 2013 to 2015, Echo Hawk served as second counselor in the presidency of the church's Philippines Area. From 2015 to 2018, Echo Hawk served as an assistant Executive Director of the church's Correlation Department. He was also a member of the LDS Church's Boundary and Leadership Change Committee. On October 6, 2018, Echo Hawk was released and designated an emeritus general authority.
Personal life
He later baptized Teresa "Terry" Pries, whom he had been dating for several years. In 1968, their marriage in the Salt Lake Temple was performed by Spencer W. Kimball, then a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles. The couple have had six children together.
References
External links
General Authorities and General Officers: Elder Larry Echo Hawk
"Profile: Larry Echo Hawk", Department of the Interior Profile
Echo Hawk Law Offices
Larry Jack Echo Hawk Papers, MSS 8050 at L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Brigham Young University
|-
|-
1948 births
American general authorities (LDS Church)
American prosecutors
Brigham Young University alumni
Brigham Young University faculty
BYU Cougars football players
Converts to Mormonism
Idaho Attorneys General
Idaho Democrats
Idaho lawyers
Living people
Members of the First Quorum of the Seventy (LDS Church)
Members of the Idaho House of Representatives
Mormonism and Native Americans
Native American state legislators
Pawnee people
People from Farmington, New Mexico
People from Cody, Wyoming
Religious figures of the indigenous peoples of North America
S.J. Quinney College of Law alumni
Stanford University alumni
United States Bureau of Indian Affairs personnel
Utah lawyers
Latter Day Saints from Wyoming
Latter Day Saints from Idaho
Latter Day Saints from Utah
Latter Day Saints from New Mexico
Native American people from Utah
Native American lawyers
20th-century Native Americans
21st-century Native Americans
Got to Dance, originally titled Just Dance, is a British dance competition that was broadcast on Sky 1 in the United Kingdom from 20 December 2009 to 28 December 2014. Auditions for the show were held in specially built "Dance Domes" and are open to all dance acts of any age, style or size but must be of an amateur level.
The show was hosted by Davina McCall, with Ashley Banjo and Kimberly Wyatt as judges. In series 1 to 3, Adam Garcia was a judge but was replaced by Aston Merrygold in series 4. However, on 31 January 2014, Merrygold announced that he would be leaving the show. Garcia returned as a judge for series 5 in 2014. Since series 2, the prize money is £250,000 for the winning act. On 24 October 2014, it was announced that series 5 would be the last.
Format
There were five stages to the competition:
Stage 1: Producers' auditions (these auditions decide who will perform in front of the judges, but they are not broadcast or acknowledged on the show)
Stage 2: Judges' auditions
Stage 3: Callbacks (some acts may have to perform again at this stage for a place in the semi-finals)
Stage 4: Live Semi-finals (each act performs in one semi-final, with only two advancing to the final, three in series 5)
Stage 5: Live Final
Voting
Viewers in both Ireland and the United Kingdom could vote via Phone, Red Button (through Sky TV only) or via the official iPhone application, which was introduced in the second series. Viewers could vote for free using the Got to Dance website, which was introduced in the fourth series.
Series overview
Series 1 (2010)
Auditions for the first series were held in October 2009 in Edinburgh, Manchester and London.
The winning act, 10-year-old Akai, won the £100,000 prize money.
Semi-finalists
Jukebox Juniors from Ely
Bhangra Heads from Coventry
Emily from Edinburgh
Parallel from Uxbridge
Status from Leeds
Martin Sierra from Norway
Kane Ricca from St Albans
Raw Edge from Blanchardstown
Beyond Repair from London
MJ Latin from Preston
DNA from Telford
Matthew Koon from Whitefield
Dance Dynamix from Liverpool
Fancy Feet from Dungannon
The Box from Glasgow
Unity Youth from East London
Eclipse from Cardiff
Akai Osei from Lambeth
Semi Finals
The live semi-finals for Got to Dance 2010 began on Sunday 24 January 2010. There were six acts in each live semi-final (18 in total). Each act performed in one semi-final each with only 2 advancing to the final. The judges awarded gold stars to the acts they believed deserved a place in the final and red stars to the ones who have not quite delivered the performance that they were hoping for.
Semi Final 1 (24 January)
Semi Final 2 (31 January)
Semi-final 3 (7 February)
Live Final (14 February)
Series 2 (2011)
A second series of Got to Dance began with a special "Warm Up" show that was broadcast on 19 December 2010 then fully on 2 January 2011. The prize money for the second series was £250,000, the largest cash give-away on a television talent show (at the time).
The format of the second series of Got to Dance was slightly different to the first series. There were eight audition shows followed by four live semi-finals, and a live final at Olympia, London on 27 February 2011 in front of an audience of 6,000 people. The dance dome auditions for the series were held in Glasgow, Dublin & London.
The winning act, Chris and Wes, won the £250,000 prize money.
Callbacks
At the Callbacks, the judges could not decide between eight of the acts so they organised a dance-off to fill the last four semi-final places. The acts in each category had to "face-off" their opponent with one dance; the judges then decided the winner of the "face-off" and that act went through to the live semi-finals.
The eight acts in the dance-off were:
Alleviate (won) vs Sean and Stacey,
Dance Dynamix (won) vs Frameous,
Lauren Hair (won) vs Natalie,
Addam McMillian vs Crazy Popper (paired as duo named Liquid Metallic)
Semi Finalists
Alleviate from Flintshire & London
Back2Back from Wolverhampton
Bolly-Flex from Tower Hamlets
Cerebro from Tottenham
Chris & Wes from Hayes
Damhsa Dreams from Geashill
Dance Dynamix from Liverpool
Ella from Cornwall
Elmes 3 Style from Southend-on-Sea
Eruption from Port Talbot
Ghetto Fabulous from Dublin
Guyz in Sync from Walthamstow
Lauren from Greenock
Liquid Metallic from various places
Luke from Mansfield
Mystic Force from Galway
Octavia from Romania
Podilya from Manchester
QMX from Nottingham
Razzle Dazzle from Belfast
Shockarellas from Trafford
Synergy from Southampton
Tamara from Musselburgh
Tap Attack from various places
Trilogy from South London
Trinity Warriors from Derby
Turbo from London
Two's Company from Belfast
Semi-finals
The live semi-finals for Got to Dance 2011 began on Sunday 30 January 2011. There were seven acts in each live semi-final (28 in total). Each act performed in one semi-final each with only 2 advancing to the final. The judges awarded gold stars to the acts they believed deserved a place in the final.
Semi-final 1 (30 January)
Semi-final 2 (6 February)
Semi-final 3 (13 February)
Semi-final 4 (20 February)
Final
The live final was 90 minutes long (taking place at Olympia) and featured the eight dance acts that made it through the semi-finals as well as a special performance from 2010's winner Akai Osei and dance troupe Diversity. After the acts performed there was a 6-minute window for voting. For the first time in a UK entertainment program, viewers could vote using a specially designed application for the iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch.
Live Final (27 February)
Series 3 (2012)
Series 3 started on 1 January 2012. Producer auditions took place during July & August 2011 in Glasgow, Newcastle, Liverpool, Manchester, Cardiff, Birmingham, Bristol, London and Dublin. Filming took place in various stages from July 2011 – March 2012. The dance domes auditions again took place in London, Glasgow and Dublin.
A special "Warm Up" show was broadcast on 18 December 2011. The series fully began on 1 January 2012, with the next episode the following day. Seven audition shows were aired followed by a "Home Visits" episode and one 30-minute episode featuring the "Callback" performances.
A new show, Got to Dance: Auditions Uncut aired weekdays at 6pm and was narrated by Will Best. As the name suggests, the show featured uncut auditions from the main show and others which were not shown.
The winning act, Prodijig, won the £250,000 prize money.
Semi-finals
The live semi-finals for Got to Dance 2012 began on Sunday 29 January 2012. Five semi-finals took place, instead of four as previously. In total, 30 acts advanced to the semi-finals in 2012.
Semi-finalists
Unity UK from East London
Project G from Croydon
Sam from South Benfleet
A Hoofer's Song from Worthing
Hippy-Jo from Halesowen
Fear of the Unknown from Glasgow
Urban Jokers from Doncaster
Lindsey & Ryan from Norbury
Luke from Mansfield
Sapnay from Harrow
Methods of Movement from Dagenham
Boadicea from various places
Lil Hustlers from Dublin
Chuck from Urmston
Supermalcom from London
Brosena from Bristol
Tayluer & Elliott from Liverpool
Antics from Solihull
Bendy Kate from Bristol
Olivia from Yorkshire
Sweet Surprise from Cambuslang
The Future from York
Rikoshay from Watford
Lloyd & Rebecca from Ystrad Mynach & West Midlands
A Team from various places
Kazzum from Bedford
Belle from Herne Bay
Prodijig from Cork
Dharmz from Leicester
Reflection from Bournemouth
Semi-final 1 (29 January)
Semi-final 2 (5 February)
Semi-final 3 (12 February)
Semi-final 4 (19 February)
Semi-final 5 (26 February)
Final
The live final took place at Olympia in front of 6,000 people on 4 March 2012.
Live Final (4 March)
Series 4 (2013)
Series 4 started in January 2013. Producer auditions took place during July and August 2012. This year, auditions in front of the judges took place at Clapham Common in London. No judges' auditions were held in Glasgow or Dublin. The auditions took place between 13 September and 2 October 2012, in a brand new and bigger dome which can hold up to 760 audience members.
Starting in this series, all acts must receive 3 gold stars from the judges to progress onto the shortlist.
Aston Merrygold replaced Garcia on the judging panel. Jordan Banjo and Perri Kiely were the backstage team for series 4. They also provided the voice overs for many of the episodes of Got to Dance: Auditions Uncut.
Producer audition dates:
Semi-finals
The live semi-finals for Got to Dance 2013 began on Sunday 10 February 2013. Five semi-finals took place, with six acts performing in each for one of two places in the Grand Final on 17 March.
Semi-finalists
Final
The live final took place at Olympia in front of 6,000 people on 17 March 2013.
Live Final (17 March)
Series 5 (2014)
Series 5 began airing on 9 August 2014, with McCall continuing as host. Banjo and Wyatt returned as judges for a fifth time and Garcia returned after his absence in series 4, replacing Merrygold. In this series, the semi-finals were stripped across one week (similar to Britain's Got Talent) and the judges mentored contestants throughout the competition. Six acts from each team progressed to the live rounds. Auditions for this series took place at the Roundhouse concert venue in Camden, London between 6–11 May 2014. This is the first and only time that the dance domes have not been used. Series 2 winners Chris and Wes returned to Got to Dance and were joined by Joe Sugg to form the Backstage/Online team.
Producer auditions for Got to Dance 2014 took place during March and April 2014 in London, Birmingham, Cardiff, Manchester, Newcastle, Glasgow and Dublin.
Producer audition dates:
Semi-finalists
The following 18 acts made it to the live shows:
Finalists
The following 9 acts made it to the live final on 29 August 2014:
Key:
– Winning judge/team. Winner is in bold, eliminated contestants in small font.
Got to Dance bursary fund
The second series saw the introduction of the bursary fund. This fund, worth £15,000, was to be distributed amongst auditionees that the judges felt weren't yet good enough to progress in the competition, but whom they felt had real potential, and was to be used to enable them to develop and cultivate their dance skills through professional tuition.
Transmissions
Warm-up shows
Original series
Ratings
Episode ratings from BARB. They do not include viewings on Sky 1 +1.
Series 1
Series 2
Series 3
Series 4
Series 5
International versions
Colour key
In production (0)
Discontinued (7)
Not aired (1)
Current and upcoming versions include:
US version
CBS announced on 10 April 2010 that there was going to be an American version of the series titled Live to Dance and was set to rival So You Think You Can Dance. The show premiered on the said channel on 4 January 2011 and was cancelled a month later in the same year. Kimberly Wyatt also served as a judge on Live to Dance.
Polish version
A Polish version premiered 2 March 2012 on Polsat, titled Got to Dance - Tylko Taniec. Second edition aired from 7 September to 9 November 2012. A third edition began on 1 March 2013 and a fourth in September 2013. Since March 2011, Polsat have also produced a local version of Must Be the Music (which was first aired on Sky1 in 2010) and has aired its sixth edition. Both shows air two seasons a year in Poland.
Australian version
Plans for an Australian version of the show were announced in April 2012. It was expected to premiere on the Australian cable channel Fox8 later in 2012, with Andrew Günsberg as the host. However, it was announced in June 2012 that the show was cancelled due to a scheduling conflict with another dance show Everybody Dances Now on Network Ten.
German version
The German version premiered on 20 June 2013 on ProSieben, with the remaining shows being broadcast on Sat.1. Johanna Klum hosts the show while Palina Rojinski, Nikeata Thompson and Howard Donald are the judges. A second season was aired in 2014 and a third in 2015.
See also
So You Think You Can Dance
Must Be the Music
Strictly Come Dancing
Dancing on Ice
Britain's Got Talent
References
External links
Official website
2009 British television series debuts
2014 British television series endings
Dance competition television shows
Sky UK original programming
English-language television shows
Endemol Shine Group franchises
Television series by Endemol
Emmet Densmore (May 19, 1837 – March 2, 1911) was an American businessman, physician and natural hygiene advocate who promoted an early version of the Paleolithic diet.
Biography
Densmore was born in Crawford County, Pennsylvania. He was the son of Joel and Sophia Densmore. In his youth he worked at his father's sawmill and worked as a printer at Meadville, Pennsylvania. Densmore spent two years at Allegheny College. In 1862, he developed with his brothers one of the first successful oil wells in Oil Creek, Pennsylvania. He bought and sold oil wells and for several years worked with his brother James Densmore in developing the Sholes typewriter. This typewriter later became known as the Remington typewriter. During 1871–1872, Densmore owned British patents for the typewriter and introduced it to London. In 1885, he developed with his brother Amos, the Densmore typewriter. The first Densmore typewriter appeared on the market in 1891.
Densmore obtained his M.D. from the New York University Medical College in 1885. He was President of Garfield Tea Company, Brooklyn which produced "Garfield Tea", made entirely from herbs. Densmore married several times. He married Elizabeth Heard in 1855, Helen Barnard in 1881 and Mabelle Hoff in 1905.
He owned a 110-acre ranch in Los Alamitos, the majority of land consisted of fruit trees. He was President of the Barnard Densmore Company which manufactured distilled water and preserved fruits in Los Angeles. Densmore was a believer in psychic and spiritualist phenomena. He wrote the introduction to Hudson Tuttle's book Arcana of Nature.
Densmore was a proponent of intelligent design. He commented that "I am one of those unfashionable scientists who perceive design in the universe. It does not matter what title we give the Supreme Ruler: Natural Law, or God, or what you will: there seems to me conclusive evidence of intelligent design in the Great Artificer."
Dieting
Densmore promoted a fruit and meat diet, which he believed was the natural food of primal man. He stated that "bread is the staff of death". Densmore opposed the consumption of bread, cereal, pulses and vegetables. He believed that all starch foods were not beneficial and urged the use of sweet fruits in their place. His recommended diet consisted of fruit, meat, nuts, fish, eggs and milk. He believed that the natural life of man should be 120 years.
Densmore was a fierce opponent of the medical profession and vegetarianism. He opposed the use of all drugs and believed that dietetic and natural hygienic measures could cure disease. He advocated fasting as a treatment for illness. Densmore authored the book The Natural Food of Man, and moved to Britain just before 1890. His book was influential to naturopaths. Medical experts criticized the book for promoting a fad diet. A review in the Edinburgh Medical Journal, noted that Densmore's belief that carbohydrate foods are injurious to health is not supported by physiology and "in demolishing a vegetarian fad, it seems to us Dr Densmore is only constructing another fad of his own."
Densmore argued that cereals were "unnatural and disease-inducing foods". Articles were published that contested his "anticerealism". James Burn described his diet as "anti-vegetarian quackery". Densmore edited the London monthly magazine, Natural Food (1890–1895) and with his wife Helen, edited the health magazine Earnest Words. In 1890, Densmore and Helen founded the Natural Food Society in London which offered a system of dietary principles that was more enjoyable and practical than "orthodox vegetarianism or the ordinary fare".
Death
Contradictory information exists about Densmore's death. Obituaries in several medical journals and newspapers have stated that Densmore died at Cassadaga, Florida after two years of illness on February 18, 1911. The American Library Annual lists his date of death as March 2, 1911, in New York.
Densmore left a large part of his fortune to the Tuskegee Institute. He requested for his body to be given to a medical school for dissection.
Publications
The Natural Food of Man: A Brief Statement of the Principal Arguments Against the Use of Bread, Cereals, Pulses, and All Other Starch Foods (1890)
How Nature Cures (1892)
Fruit as Food (1896)
Consumption and Chronic Diseases (1899)
Sex Equality: A Solution of the Woman Problem (1907)
References
Further reading
Anonymous. (1893). Review: How Nature Cures: The Natural Food of Man. The Hospital.
W. H. Wakeham. (1894). A Dietetic Fad Good Health 29 (11): 325-327.
1837 births
1911 deaths
19th-century American businesspeople
19th-century American physicians
American health and wellness writers
American women's rights activists
Critics of vegetarianism
Fasting advocates
Intelligent design advocates
Naturopaths
New York University School of Medicine alumni
Orthopaths
Paleolithic diet advocates
People from Crawford County, Pennsylvania
Pseudoscientific diet advocates
Typewriters
Maximillian Albert George (born 6 September 1988) is an English singer, best known as the lead singer of the boy band The Wanted.
George started his career as a footballer, playing for Preston North End. After an injury ended his football career, he decided to pursue a music career. George made his singing debut with the band Avenue. After the group disbanded in 2009, George joined the newly formed band, The Wanted. In 2014, following The Wanted's success in the United States, he landed his first acting role in the sixth season of the American television series Glee in the role of Clint, the leader of "Vocal Adrenaline".
In 2013, George starred in the E! channel reality series The Wanted Life.
Early life
George was born on 6 September 1988 in Swinton, Greater Manchester and studied at Bolton School.
Music career
Avenue and The X Factor
George joined the four-piece boy band Avenue in 2005. After applying to The X Factor in 2006, the band auditioned for the third series of the competition singing an a cappella version of the Will Young song, "Leave Right Now". They were mentored by Louis Walsh after completing the bootcamp and judges' house portion. Making it to the final 12, the band then signed a management contract with the series. After it was discovered they were already under contract with another management firm, they were disqualified from the show. Following the disqualification, they were signed to the Crown Music Management recording label and were awarded an album deal with Island Records.
In 2008, Avenue released their debut single, "Last Goodbye" and George appeared naked on the magazine cover of AXM. The single peaked when charting at number 50 on the UK Singles Chart and their plans to go on tour were cancelled. The group disbanded in 2009.
The Wanted
In 2009, a mass audition was held by Jayne Collins to form a boy band, after successfully launching Parade and The Saturdays. George auditioned and was selected as one of five members, along with Nathan Sykes, Siva Kaneswaran, Tom Parker and Jay McGuiness out of the thousands of others who auditioned. The band was formed and together they worked on their debut album before finding a perfect name for their band, The Wanted. Their debut album "All-Time Low" was released on 25 July 2010, debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart. Their second single, "Heart Vacancy" was released on 17 October 2010. The song hit number two on the UK Singles Chart, and at number 18 in Ireland. Their third single, "Lose My Mind" was released on 26 December 2010. The song peaked number 19 on the UK Singles Chart, and peaked at number 30 in Ireland. In 2011, the single was released in Germany and in 2012, in the United States. In 2013, in support of a crossover appeal to the American music market, the group starred in their own reality series on E!. The series, The Wanted Life only aired for one season.
The band announced their decision to break in January 2014. Max, as a member of the band has sold over 12 million records worldwide.
The Wanted returned in 2021
Solo artist
In January 2014, George revealed in an interview that he was signed as a solo artist by Scooter Braun. On 3 July 2018 he released his first solo single "Barcelona". The song has more than 4.5 million streams on Spotify. On 24 May 2019 he released his second single "Better On Me".
Other ventures
Modelling
In June 2013, George was named as the new face and spokesmodel for Buffalo denim's fall line. He starred in the campaign opposite Sports illustrated swimsuit model, Hannah Davis. In November 2013, he did an underwear campaign for Buffalo again.
Acting career
George is signed with Creative Artists Agency since 2013. In June 2014, George revealed his decision to enroll in elocution classes, to help improve his pursuit of an acting career. In September 2014, it was confirmed that he had joined the cast of Glee in the role of Clint, after Mark Salling shared a photo of him on Twitter hanging out with Max on the set of the final season of the US comedy drama. He made his first on screen appearance on 9 January 2015.
On 2 February 2015, it was announced that George had joined the cast of Bear Grylls' TV survival series titled Bear Grylls: Mission Survive. The show is about eight celebrities pushed to the limit by Grylls. The team will be making their dangerous journey through the jungle, where they will be competing for 12-day survival mission.
Strictly Come Dancing
On 1 September 2020, it was announced that George would be taking part in the eighteenth series of Strictly Come Dancing. He was partnered with Australian dancer Dianne Buswell.
George left the series after being voted out in Week 4.
Radio
On 7 July 2021, it was announced that George would be joining Hits Radio, presenting Friday Night Hits, every Friday from 7-10pm across the Hits Radio Network. His first show was on 9 July 2021.
Personal life
George was in a relationship with actress Michelle Keegan from December 2010. The couple became engaged in June 2011, but ended their relationship the following year. In 2013, he began dating Sports Illustrated model Nina Agdal. They split in February 2014. In October 2014, he confirmed being in a relationship with Miss Oklahoma contestant Carrie Baker.
Filmography
Discography
Singles
References
External links
Max George performs 'Hey Mickey' in Glee
Max George performs 'We built this city' in Glee
1988 births
Living people
21st-century British male singers
21st-century English male actors
21st-century English singers
Association footballers not categorized by position
British male songwriters
English footballers
English male singers
English male television actors
English pop singers
English songwriters
Musicians from Greater Manchester
People educated at Bolton School
People from Swinton, Greater Manchester
The Wanted members
Avenue (group) members
Moor's Charity School was founded in 1754 in Lebanon, Connecticut (now in the town of Columbia), by the Puritan Calvinist minister Eleazar Wheelock to provide education for Native Americans who desired to be missionaries to the native tribes.
Eleazar Wheelock became involved in education when Samson Occom, a Mohegan Native American, asked Rev. Wheelock for instruction. The English School with teacher Eleazar Wheelock and just one Native student, Samson Occom, transformed into Moor's Indian Charity School. From 1750 to the early 1770s forty-nine Native American boys and eighteen Native American girls were educated at the school.
Between 1766 and 1768, Occom went on a fundraising tour of Britain to raise money for the school. The fundraising effort was extremely successful, raising 12,000 pounds in donations. Rev. Wheelock took the fundraising money, moved the school's location, and used the money to eventually build Dartmouth School. Controversy existed with this action. Samson Occom charged, "All the money has done is, it has made Doctor's [Wheelock] family very grand in the World."
The school survived for only a fairly short time, as Connecticut was located far from Native American territories on the frontier of the British colonies in North America, and because Wheelock desired to expand the institution to include a school for Europeans. The institution was moved to New Hampshire in 1770, where it was re-established as Dartmouth College.
References
External links
Historic Buildings of Connecticut
Defunct schools in Connecticut
Dartmouth College history
Native American schools
1754 establishments in Connecticut
Lebanon, Connecticut
Karl Stephenson may refer to:
Karl Stephenson (musician)
Karl Stephenson (badminton) in Greenlandic National Badminton Championships
See also
Carl Stephenson (disambiguation)
Halocortolone is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed.
References
Chloroarenes
Diketones
Fluoroarenes
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
Gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT) is a tool of assisted reproductive technology against infertility. Eggs are removed from a woman's ovaries, and placed in one of the Fallopian tubes, along with the man's sperm. The technique, first attempted by Steptoe and Edwards and later pioneered by endocrinologist Ricardo Asch, allows fertilization to take place inside the woman's uterus.
With the advances in IVF the GIFT procedure is used less than pregnancy rates in IVF tend to be equal or better and do not require laparoscopy when the egg is put back.
Method
It takes, on average, four to six weeks to complete a cycle of GIFT. First, the woman must take a fertility drug to stimulate egg production in the ovaries. The doctor will monitor the growth of the ovarian follicles, and once they are mature, the woman will be injected with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG). The eggs will be harvested approximately 36 hours later, mixed with the man's sperm, and placed back into the woman's Fallopian tubes using a laparoscope.
Indications
A woman must have at least one normal fallopian tube in order for GIFT to be suitable. It is used in instances where the fertility problem relates to sperm dysfunction, and where the couple has idiopathic (unknown cause) infertility. Some patients may prefer the procedure to IVF for ethical reasons, since the fertilization takes place inside the body. This is a semi invasive procedure and requires laparoscopy.
Success rate
As with most fertility procedures, success depends on the couple's age and the woman's egg quality. It is estimated that approximately 25–30% of GIFT cycles result in pregnancy, with a third of those being twins or triplets, etc.
The First GIFT baby in the UK was Todd Holden born in October 1986. The first application of this method in Latin America was held in Argentina on 13 May 1986, and was led by Dr. Ricardo Asch, the treatment was successfully completed with the birth of Manuel Campo Lopez.
In Venezuela, the first GIFT babies were Luis Hernández, Rosa Helena Hernández and Luisa Hernández, who were born on 24 June 1987 and were also the first triplets to be born using the GIFT method.
Bioethical issues
Gamete intrafallopian transfer is not technically in vitro fertilisation because with GIFT, fertilisation takes place inside the body, not on a petri dish. Some Catholic moral theologians are nevertheless concerned with it because they "consider this to be a replacement of the marital act, and therefore immoral."
See also
Zygote intrafallopian transfer
References
Assisted reproductive technology
Fertility medicine
Human reproduction
Igor Stamenovski (; born 16 June 1980) is a former Macedonian professional footballer.
Club career
He made his debut in the Russian Premier League in 2001 for FC Spartak Moscow.
Honours
Macedonian Prva Liga bronze: 1998.
Russian Premier League champion: 2001.
References
1980 births
Living people
People from Delčevo
Association football defenders
Macedonian footballers
FK Makedonija Gjorče Petrov players
FK Pelister players
PFC Velbazhd Kyustendil players
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Baltika Kaliningrad players
Macedonian First Football League players
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Russian Premier League players
Macedonian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Bulgaria
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Bulgaria
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
The 2016–17 Green Bay Phoenix women's basketball team represented the University of Wisconsin-Green Bay in the 2016–17 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Phoenix, led by head coach Kevin Borseth, in the fifth year of his current stint and 14th year overall at Green Bay, played their home games at the Kress Events Center and are members of the Horizon League. It was the 38th season of Green Bay women's basketball.
On December 13, 2016, after starting the season 8–1, with the one blemish being a four-point loss at then top-ranked Notre Dame, the Phoenix women were voted Team of the Week by the NCAA.
Roster
Rankings
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#006633; color:#FFFFFF;"| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#006633; color:#FFFFFF;"| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#006633; color:#FFFFFF;"| Horizon League regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#006633; color:#FFFFFF;"| Horizon League Women's Tournament
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#006633; color:#FFFFFF;"| NCAA Women's Tournament
Source:
References
Green Bay Phoenix
Green Bay Phoenix women's basketball seasons
Green Bay
Fort Piute, originally named Fort Beale, was a post first established by Captain James H. Carleton, of the 1st Dragoons. Fort Piute lies at the elevation 2,828 feet / 862 meters near the place where the surface flow of Piute Creek ends, after running down stream from Piute Spring creating an oasis. Where the surface flow of the creek ends it descends into the soil of the wash of Piute Creek that then turns to run to the southwest towards the Colorado River.
History
Fort Piute was an outpost of Camp Cady and later of Fort Mojave. It was one of a series of posts built to protect wagon traffic along the Mojave Road and keep local Native American people of the Mojave Desert away from the springs on the route during the periods of hostilities with them between 1859 and 1870.
See also
Bitter Spring Expedition
References
1859 establishments in California
Fort Piute
Piute
Fort Piute
The Year of the Solar System is a NASA education/public outreach initiative. The year runs October 2010 until August 2012, a Martian year. For each month's topic there are resources for clubs, schools and the general public. The months/topics are:
October 2010: The Journey Begins
November 2010: Birth of Worlds
Dec 2010/Jan 2011: A Family Affair
February 2011: Small Bodies—Big Impacts
March 2011: Ancient Astronomers/Modern Tools: Celebrating Sun-Earth Day
April 2011: Water, Water, Everywhere!
May 2011: Volcanism!
June 2011: Impacts!
July 2011: Rocks in Space
August 2011: Windy Worlds
September 2011: Gravity: It's What Keeps Us Together
October 2011: Moons and Rings: Our Favorite Things
November 2011: Magnetospheres: Planetary Shields
Dec 2011/Jan 2012: Evolving Worlds
February 2012: Far-Ranging Robots
March 2012: Shadows of the Sun
April 2012: Ice!
May 2012: New Data, New Ideas
Jun/Jul 2012: Got Life?
August 2012: Discovering New Worlds
The Year of the Solar System is supported by NASA's Science Mission Directorate and its Planetary Science Division.
References
Astronomy events
NASA programs
Tüfekçioğlu, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey. The village is populated by Kurds.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Kurdish settlements in Ankara Province
Ferry van Vliet (18 August 1980 – 25 May 2001) was a Dutch footballer.
Van Vliet was considered a rising star in the NAC Breda squad. In March 2001 the midfielder signed a 3-year contract with the club after a successful half-year as a starting player. Shortly after, on 25 May 2001, Van Vliet and his girlfriend died in a car crash. They were driving a Smart Fortwo which crashed while driving on the highway. Both van Vliet and his girlfriend died instantly.
Several days after van Vliet's death, NAC Breda played their last match of the season against De Graafschap. De Graafschap allowed the NAC Breda players to turn the match into a memorial for van Vliet. The match ended in a 1-1 draw, which secured another year of top-flight football for de Graafschap. While there were some celebrations after the match, fans also sang to the away end while NAC Breda players fell to their knees sobbing. The respectful response from both De Graafschap and their fans has resulted in a long-lasting friendship between the 2 clubs.
References
1980 births
2001 deaths
Dutch footballers
Association football midfielders
NAC Breda players
Eredivisie players
Eerste Divisie players
Footballers from Rotterdam
Road incident deaths in the Netherlands
The 2017 Bulgarian Basketball Cup was the 63rd edition of the annual cup tournament in Bulgaria.It is managed by the Bulgarian Basketball Federation and was held in Plovdiv, in the Kolodruma Hall on February 16–19, 2017. Beroe won their 1st cup. Travis Daniels was named Tournament MVP and Aaron Jones was named Final MVP.
Qualified teams
The first eight teams qualified after the first stage of the 2016-17 NBL regular season .
Bracket
References
Bulgarian Basketball Cup
Cup
Azura, stylised as AZURA, is a 177-metre-tall residential skyscraper in the Mid-Levels West area of Central and Western District on Hong Kong Island. There are 50 floors with 126 apartments in total. Each floor consists of three units, ranging in size from to , containing three or four bedrooms. The building was completed and occupied in the fourth quarter of 2012.
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Hong Kong
References
External links
Official website
2012 establishments in Hong Kong
Residential buildings completed in 2012
Mid-Levels
Residential skyscrapers in Hong Kong
Coup D'Etat is an album by Muslimgauze. Although the album was only pressed to 12-inch vinyl, it was later coupled with Abu Nidal and released on CD as Coup D'Etat/Abu Nidal.
The track "Una Voca" appears to be the same track as "Death Of Saint Jarnaii Singh Bindranwale" on Blinded Horses.
Track listing
All tracks by Bryn Jones
Side A
"Tabula Rasa" - 6.14
"Tonton Macoutes" - 6.15
"Emeute" - 6.14
Side B
"Degage" - 5.32
"Sapere Aude" - 3.38
"Una Voca" - 8.45
1987 albums
Muslimgauze albums
Per Skjærvik (born 16 May 1953) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
He served as a deputy representative in the Parliament of Norway from Sør-Trøndelag during the term 2005–2009.
On the local level Skjærvik is mayor of Rissa municipality since 1995.
References
1953 births
Living people
Labour Party (Norway) politicians
Deputy members of the Storting
Mayors of places in Sør-Trøndelag
Place of birth missing (living people)
North! Or Be Eaten is a fantasy novel by Andrew Peterson. It is the second novel in The Wingfeather Saga. It follows On the Edge of the Dark Sea of Darkness and is followed by The Monster in the Hollows and The Warden and the Wolf King.
North! Or Be Eaten follows the continuing adventures and misadventures of the Igiby family and their disturbed ally Peet the Sock Man as they flee towards the Northern Ice Prairies after their town is destroyed at the end of the previous book. In the process the family is separated, and each member undergoes many trials before they are reunited.
The paperback includes two maps, several illustrations, and appendices, including a poem and a passage from "The First Book," both fictional works referenced in the text. As in the first book in the series, the author expands the readers' knowledge of the world through the use of humorous footnotes.
Awards
North! Or Be Eaten received a Christy Award in 2010.
References
American fantasy novels
2009 American novels
"Marry U" is a song by South Korean boy band Super Junior. The song is written by Lee Jae-myung and Kwon Yun-jung, and produced by Lee Soo-man as the second single for Super Junior's second album, Don't Don. The song is a combination of soft contemporary R&B, simple pop ballad melodies, and also with elements of jazz and rap.
A new version of the ballad with extra vocals of Han Geng and Shindong was released in a repackaged version of Don't Don on November 5, 2007, which also became the promotional release of the single. "Marry U" stayed as #1 for three consecutive weeks on TV and radio stations in South Korea since its release in November.
Song history
"Marry U" was originally track 6 from the original album, Don't Don, which was released on September 20, 2007. However, a new version of "Marry U" was released on the first repackaged version of the album on November 5, 2007. "Marry U" is a light R&B ballad with soft rapping and gentle vocalization and harmonization. The theme of the song involves a sweet proposal and a confession of love, with repeating imagery of a bride and groom walking towards the moons and stars. The lyrics support long-lasting love and describes that although growing older, the love will never leave.
The only difference between the first and second version of "Marry U" are the switching of solo positions. In the original version, Han Geng, Shindong, and Kibum do not have solos. However, Han Geng and Shindong gained solos in the second version. Han Geng sings Heechul's original solo and Shindong raps to the second half of Eunhyuk's second solo. Heechul's solo is switched to rapping to the second half of Eunhyuk's first solo.
Music video
Different from previous works from the group, a majority of the music video is done with high-definite CG artwork effects instead of actual scenery. Super Junior filmed the video wearing white tuxedos, surrounded by green screen.
The music video begins with Super Junior sleeping on top of a graphical city, with Eunhyuk rapping, which is then followed by Heechul's rap. As Heechul continues rapping, the video merges into the city, with a yellow taxi cab driving in the streets. A girl, played by Girls' Generation's Yoona exits the taxi and arrives in front of a circus, and enters it. As the girl watches the performances, the camera closes onto her face and her head breaks apart, revealing a girl sitting on her bed in her room.
Super Junior appears between intervals every once in a while, singing and rapping to the song. As Donghae raps, the camera shows the girl sleeping on her desk. The video then showed water droplets growing into trees of ice, emitting a bright glow. A piece of outstretched cloth hovers above the tree, and hot air balloons, with phones attached to them, hang above the cloth, with the girl staring at it. The girl goes back into the taxi and arrived at the concert, watching Super Junior dance to the song in a fantasy-like surrounding.
Throughout the video, the scenery used subtly displays a story of which someone is holding a concert for a former lover, confessing love and re-committing themselves to each other. Unlike previous promo singles from Super Junior, "Marry U" is a mid-tempo ballad, and the song does not require extremely difficult dance choreography like what the group's previous singles required. In the first half of the music video, Super Junior is mainly shown sitting on high platforms singing to the song, with shots of the girl and also scenery composed of CG artworks. At the end of the video where the girl sits down to enjoy the group dancing, the group dances in a fantasy-like surrounding, with slow and gentle choreography. The ending scene shows the girl smiling and nodding, a diamond ring glinting on her finger.
Promotional uses and reception
"Marry U" became the main title of Super Junior's first mini concert, Super Junior Marry U Mini Concert. The mini concert had two shifts, one in the afternoon and one in the night. The concert was held in Seoul Shindolim Technomart on November 15, 2007. Taking the theme of a marriage proposal, each of the thirteen members prepared rings to give to certain lucky fans, presenting it to them like how they would propose to their girlfriends. "Marry U" is also the first single from Don't Don to be performed overseas as Super Junior performed this song at the 2007 Tencent Stars Magnificent Ceremony in Beijing, China on November 17, 2007. Unlike previous performances where they danced to "Marry U", Super Junior performed the song sitting on bar stools.
Despite wide promotional uses of the single, "Marry U" did not meet the achievements like what the album's first single, "Don't Don," had set. "Marry U" met impressive debut ranks in online charts and had stayed in the charts for many months, but the single failed to win the SBS Popular Songs Mutizen Song and M.NET's #1 M! Countdown song.
Chart performance
Japanese release
"Marry U" is the unofficial third CD single and the second special single to release in Japan by Super Junior. The single comes with two different jackets; the first of the jackets contains a CD and a DVD of making-of footage while the second jacket contains only a CD with a photobook. The single peaked at #9 on Japan's Oricon Daily Chart in its first day of release.
The single is a compiled single with a total of four tracks, all which are title tracks from Super Junior, Super Junior-T, Super Junior-K.R.Y, and Super Junior-Happy.
Track listing
Marry U / Super Junior
Rokkuko!!! / Super Junior-T
歩みを止めて / Super Junior-K.R.Y.
料理王 (Cooking? Cooking!) / Super Junior-Happy
DVD
Marry U / Super Junior
Rokkuko!!! / Super Junior-T
料理王 (Cooking? Cooking!) / Super Junior-Happy
+ making of music video （初回盤のみ）
Chart positions
Personnel
Super Junior
Leeteuk – vocals
Heechul – vocals
Han Geng – vocals
Yesung – vocals, background vocals
Kangin – vocals
Shindong – vocals
Eunhyuk – vocals
Sungmin – vocals, background vocals
Donghae – vocals
Siwon – vocals
Ryeowook – vocals, background vocals
Kibum – vocals
Kyuhyun – vocals, background vocals
Lee Jea-myoung – composition, arrangement
Kwon Yun-jung – lyrics
c.close – Japanese lyrics
Sam Lee – guitar
Gil Eun-kyung – keyboard
Lee Na-il – strings arrangement and conductor
K-Strings – strings
Lee Sung-ho at SM Yellow Tail – recording, mixing
Namkoong Jin at SM Concert Hall – recording
Um Chan-yong at Lead Sound – recording
References
External links
Super Junior's Official Site
2007 singles
Super Junior songs
SM Entertainment singles
Korean-language songs
2007 songs
Javad Ghenaat (, born 1966) is an Iranian conservative politician who currently serves as the governor of South Khorasan Province.
Early life and education
Ghenaat was born in Amol in the Mazandaran province in 1966. He holds bachelor's degree in Pure Chemistry and received a PhD in Organic Chemistry from Mazandaran University.
References
1966 births
Living people
Governors of South Khorasan Province
Governors of Golestan Province
The third round of CONCACAF matches for 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification, nicknamed the Octagonal (for the eight teams participating), was played from September 2021 to March 2022. Canada (qualifying for the first time since 1986), Mexico, and the United States qualified for the 2022 FIFA World Cup, while Costa Rica advanced to the inter-confederation play-offs. Panama, Jamaica, El Salvador, and Honduras were eliminated in this round.
The match on 16 November 2021 between Canada and Mexico, held in Edmonton, marked the coldest match played in Mexican football history, kicking off at with a heavy snowstorm the day before. The match was seen by 2.1 million viewers in the United States on the day of its original broadcast, becoming Telemundo's most-watched sporting event since the 2019 Copa América Final.
Format
Eight teams (CONCACAF teams ranked 1 to 5 based on the FIFA rankings of July 2020, and the three winners of the second round) played against each other home-and-away in a round-robin format for a total of 14 matches per team. The top three teams qualified for the 2022 FIFA World Cup, while the fourth-placed team advanced to the inter-confederation play-offs in Qatar.
Schedule
The third round was originally scheduled to begin in June 2021, but was postponed by the COVID-19 pandemic. The full schedule for the third round was announced on 16 June 2021, and confirmed on 9 August 2021.
Qualified teams
The top five teams based on the FIFA rankings of July 2020 (shown in parentheses) received a bye to the third round. For consistency, the three winners of the second round are shown with their FIFA rankings as of July 2020.
Draw
The draw for the third round was held, along with the draw for the first round, on 19 August 2020, 19:00 CEST (UTC+2), at the FIFA headquarters in Zürich, Switzerland.
Teams were drawn from a single pot, and then were allocated a position (from 1 to 8) to determine the match schedule. The identity of the three second round winners was not known at the time of the draw.
Note: Bolded teams qualified for the World Cup. Costa Rica advanced to the inter-confederation play-offs.
Standings
Matches
Matchday 1
Matchday 2
Matchday 3
Matchday 4
Matchday 5
Matchday 6
Matchday 7
Matchday 8
Matchday 9
Matchday 10
Matchday 11
Matchday 12
Matchday 13
Matchday 14
Statistics
Goalscorers
Awards
Best XI
CONCACAF announced the following squad as the best eleven of the third round of qualifying after the conclusion of the campaign.
Notes
References
External links
Qualifiers – North, Central America and Caribbean: Matches, FIFA.com
World Cup Qualifying – Men, CONCACAF.com
3
Qual3
FIFA World Cup qualification - CONCACAF Third Round
FIFA World Cup qualification - CONCACAF Third Round
FIFA World Cup qualification - CONCACAF Third Round
FIFA World Cup qualification - CONCACAF Third Round
FIFA World Cup qualification - CONCACAF Third Round
FIFA World Cup qualification - CONCACAF Third Round
Canada at the 2022 FIFA World Cup
Costa Rica at the 2022 FIFA World Cup
Mexico at the 2022 FIFA World Cup
United States at the 2022 FIFA World Cup
Anthony Charles Faramus (27 July 1920 – August 1990) was an actor, author and hairdresser. He was born in Saint Peter, Jersey and died in Surrey. The autobiographical accounts of his survival of Fort de Romainville, Buchenwald and the Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp complex were published as The Faramus Story in 1954 and Journey into Darkness in 1990. Two books about Agent Zigzag, the double agent Eddie Chapman, also document aspects of Faramus's 'ruse' to join the Nazis as a collaborator and a spy, his imprisonment in Jersey, Paris and the concentration camps.
Arrest
Faramus worked as a hairdresser in a Saint Helier salon and later, during the early stages of the German occupation of the Channel Islands, was employed in the kitchen of the Miramar Hotel. In the spring of 1940 he attempted to join the Royal Air Force but was not accepted. Faramus was also a petty criminal and in December 1940, at the age of 20, he received a 6-month prison sentence for obtaining £9 under false pretenses. Faramus was incarcerated in H.M. Prison Jersey, sharing the same cell as Eddie Chapman, who later described Faramus as "a hopeless crook".
Under the conditions of military occupation, the administration of civil law and order was subject to the dictates of the German authorities. As at the time of his arrest Faramus had in his possession an anti-Nazi leaflet, the German authorities added 1 month to his sentence. Faramus names Centenier Arthur Tostevin, an Honorary Police officer of Saint Helier and Detective Constable Benjamin Shenton as the officials who had informed the Germans about the leaflet.
Faramus and Chapman quickly struck up a friendship while in prison. They arranged to meet after they were released, and consequently shared a flat. For a short period they ran a barber shop together. Their customers included civilians and German soldiers alike. The shop also served as a useful front for the black market activities of another of Faramus's criminal associates, Douglas Stirling.
Deported
In late 1941, Chapman hatched a plan to get himself, Faramus and Stirling off the island. The plan was simple: they would turn traitor and offer to work as spies for the Nazis. Stirling was the most enthusiastic, while Faramus was cautious of the risks of becoming an open collaborator, but agreed to follow the plan. Chapman and Faramus composed a letter in German, offering their services as German spies, which they sent to the German Command post in St. Helier, addressed to General Otto von Stülpnagel, the officer in command of occupational forces in France and the Channel Islands.
Late one night in November 1941 Chapman and Faramus were summoned by the Germans –– but they were not being recruited, they were being arrested. Their plan to join and work for the Nazis backfired spectacularly, as the pair were taken to mainland France, and thence by rail to Fort de Romainville in Paris where they worked and using their skills, stole rations and fuel and made a key to enter the women's section of the prison. After a year, Faramus along with other prisoners from Romainville, was taken in terrible conditions by train via Compiègne onto the Buchenwald concentration camp near Weimar, Germany, 55 of the 120 dying in his carriage en route, from suffocation, dysentery and thirst.
In chapter 7 of Journey into Darkness, Faramus describes the crime for which he was taken out of the Buchenwald camp and forced on a journey to Mauthausen via Leipzig, Dresden and Prague:"... a freezing cold morning, at my place of work — ‘Kommando das Grab' (communal graves) — I had momentarily set aside my shovel to blow into my hands and fingers. I had not seen the approach of the SS Warrant Officer. Failing to acknowledge the man's presence and not coming to attention and removing my cap from my head until he had passed by was one crime, the interruption of my work without permission was another. I was punched and booted; worse, my number (E)42324 was noted in his book of reports."
The Nazi Party defined Mauthausen as "Grade III". Its purpose was to punish "Incorrigible Political Enemies of the Reich" with extermination through labour. In Journey into Darkness Faramus acknowledges Captain Maurice Pertschuck who was murdered in Buchenwald in 1944, Christopher Burney and Lt Jack H. Taylor. In film footage gathered by the US Department of Defense after the 11th Armored Division of the 3rd US Army entered the camp on 5 May 1945, Lt. Jack H. Taylor spoke about his capture, imprisonment and the conditions at Mauthausen. Faramus also mentions Pierre Serge Choumoff, a mathematician and engineer, imprisoned in Romainville and Mauthausen, who later investigated the Mauthausen-Gusen complex.
Post-World War II
For over a year after the war Faramus lived in Paris as he searched for some of the women and men that he had known whilst imprisoned in Fort de Romainville. During this period he lost a lung following surgery for tuberculosis which he contracted during his imprisonment in Mauthausen. He returned to Britain and after a series of jobs in hotels and bars he found work as an extra in various films produced at Pinewood Studios.
Faramus emigrated to the United States with his wife Mary where they both had careers in the film industry. Faramus worked as an actor and played the roles of a British officer in The Colditz Story and a POW in King Rat. He also worked as Clark Gable's butler and chauffeur. After living in California, he and Mary moved back to Britain, living in London and later in Farnham, Surrey.
In the 1970s, he joined the Hunt Saboteurs Association an organisation whose aim is to disrupt blood sports using direct action tactics. In 1989 he was arrested at a hunt in Hampshire. He refused to be bound over to keep the peace in the sum of £500 and was sent to Winchester prison for a month. He described his experience to a fellow hunt saboteur "as worse than his time at Fort de Romainville: no officer at Winchester Prison ever called him Tony", it was always the impersonal Faramus.
An operation to remove his lung in the 1950s as a result of the TB contracted in the concentration camps led to his death in August 1990, aged 70. More than 100 people, including actors, hunt saboteurs and concentration camp survivors attended his funeral at St Andrew's Church, Farnham in 1990. Dave Wetton, a founder of the Hunt Saboteurs Association in the 1960s read a funeral address.
References
Notes
Bibliography
Anthony Faramus. Journey into Darkness. Foreword by Greville Janner. Grafton. (1990)
Anthony Faramus. The Faramus Story: Being the Experiences of Anthony Charles Faramus. Wingate (1954)
Anthony Faramus. Hands of the Devil, (Digit)
Ben Macintyre. Agent Zigzag. Bloomsbury (2007)
Nicholas Booth Zigzag: The Incredible Wartime Exploits of Double Agent Eddie Chapman. Portrait ( 2007)
External links
Anthony Faramus Frank Falla Archive
Mauthausen Memorial site
1920 births
1990 deaths
Jersey male actors
Jersey writers
Prisoners and detainees of Jersey
Buchenwald concentration camp survivors
Mauthausen concentration camp survivors
British male film actors
20th-century British male actors
Joanne Leedom-Ackerman is an American novelist, short story writer and journalist whose fiction and literary non-fiction includes the regional bestseller The Dark Path to the River, the short story collection No Marble Angels, and PEN Journeys: Memoir of Literature on the Line. She is a Vice President of PEN International and has served as the International Secretary of PEN International and Chair of PEN International's Writers in Prison Committee.
Education
Joanne Leedom-Ackerman received a BA with honors from Principia College in 1968, an MA in creative writing from Johns Hopkins University in 1969, and an MA in English/creative writing from Brown University.
Personal life
Joanne Leedom-Ackerman was born Joanne Leedom in Dallas, Texas, daughter of Joanne Shriver Leedom and John Nesbitt Leedom. Based in Washington, DC, Leedom-Ackerman is married to Dr. Peter Ackerman. Their sons are Dr. Nate Ackerman, a mathematician and former Olympic wrestler, and Elliot Ackerman, author and novelist and a decorated former US Marine captain.
Career
Leedom-Ackerman's fiction and literary nonfiction work includes PEN Journeys: Memoir of Literature on the Line, The Dark Path to the River, No Marble Angels, and stories and essays in Short Stories of the Civil Rights Movement, Remembering Arthur Miller, Electric Grace, Snakes: An Anthology of Serpent Tales, Beyond Literacy, The Memorial Collection for Dr. Liu Xiaobo, Women For All Seasons, Fiction and Poetry by Texas Women, The Bicentennial Collection of Texas Short Stories, and What You Can Do. She is also the senior editor and contributor to The Journey of Liu Xiaobo: From Dark Horse to Nobel Laureate.
Both Leedom-Ackerman's fiction and her nonfiction focus on international affairs and conflicts.
A former reporter for The Christian Science Monitor, Leedom-Ackerman's career now includes work with organizations that serve writers and focus on issues of freedom of expression and human rights as well as on conflict resolution, education, development and refugee issues.
A Vice President of PEN International, she is the former International Secretary (2004-2007) and former Chair of their Writers in Prison Committee (1993-1997). Past president of PEN Center USA, she has served on the board and as Vice President of PEN American Center, and the PEN/Faulkner Foundation. She currently serves on the boards of the International Center for Journalists, Refugees International, American Writers Museum, and Words Without Borders and is a member of the advisory board of the Edward R. Murrow Center at The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy and the ICRW Leadership Council.
Her work with academic institutions includes service at Johns Hopkins University as a member of the Board of Trustees, as chair of its Academic Affairs Committee, as advisory editor of The Hopkins Review, and as chair of the advisory board of the Johns Hopkins University Press. She is a former member of Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS) Advisory Board. At Brown University, she served on the Board of Trustees and on the advisory board of the Brown Women Writers Project. She is an emeritus trustee of both universities.
Leedom-Ackerman is an emeritus Director of Human Rights Watch where she chaired the Asia Advisory Board. She has served on the Board of Trustees of Save the Children and on Save the Children's advisory board on Global Education. She has served on boards of the Albert Einstein Institution, the International Crisis Group, and Poets & Writers, and on the Advisory Boards of the Woodrow Wilson National Fellowship Foundation, the International Center for Research on Women
and 100 Reporters.
She is a member of the Chairman's Advisory Council of the United States Institute of Peace, and she was an advisor for the Emmy-nominated PBS documentary A Force More Powerful: A Century of Nonviolent Conflict, which aired in two parts in September 2000.
She is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, the Texas Institute of Letters, PEN America, English PEN, and the Authors Guild.
Leedom-Ackerman has also taught creative writing at Empire State College of State University of New York, Lehman College of City University of New York, New York University, Occidental College and The University of California at Los Angeles Extension.
Selected bibliography
Books
PEN Journeys: Memoir of Literature on the Line, Shearsman Books, 2022
The Journey of Liu Xiaobo: From Dark Horse to Nobel Laureate, editor Joanne Leedom-Ackerman with Yu Zhang, Jie Li, and Tienchi Martin-Liao, Potomac Books, 2020
The Dark Path to The River, Saybrook/Norton, 1988
No Marble Angels, Saybrook/Norton, 1987
Short stories
"Liu Xiaobo: On the Front Line of Ideas" in The Memorial Collection for Dr. Liu Xiaobo, edited by Chu Cai and Yu Zhang, Institute for China's Democratic Transition and Democratic China, 2017.
"The Arc of My Mother's Life" in Electric Grace: Still More Fiction by Washington Area Women, edited by Richard Peabody, Paycock Press, fall, 2007
"The Beginning of Violence" in Short Stories of the Civil Rights Movement: An Anthology, edited by Margaret Earley Whitt, University of Georgia Press, 2006
"Tutorica/The Tutor H.D.P.", Zabreb, 2006.
"Remembering Arthur Miller", (essay) edited Christopher Bigsby, London: Methuen, 2005
"The Child and the Snake" in Snakes: An Anthology of Serpent Tales, edited by Willee Lewis. New York: M. Evans, 2003
"The Art of Writing Novels" in Beyond Literacy, edited by R. Patton Howell, Saybrook/Norton, 1989
"The Tutor" in Fiction and Poetry by Texas Women, edited by Janice L. White, The Texas Center for Writers Press, 1975
"Death Stalks A Building Once It Enters" in The Bicentennial Collection of Texas Short Stories, edited by James P. White, The Texas Center for Writers Press, 1974
"Juror's essay" in Women for all Seasons, Women's Building, 1988; edited by Joanne Leedom-Ackerman and Wanda Coleman.
"Race Relations" in What You Can Do: Practical Suggestions For Action on Some Major Problems of the Seventies, David McKay & Co, 1971
Articles:
“In Qatar, calls for release of prisoners come with the start of Ramadan,” GlobalPost, July 1, 2014
“Tunisia could be the first Arab Spring success. But it's not there yet.” The Christian Science Monitor, May 27, 2014
“The start of winter brings new dangers for Syrian refugees in Jordan,” GlobalPost, December 4, 2013
“Qatar: A poet sits in a desert cell for reciting his work at home,” GlobalPost, November 1, 2013
“Africa of the Mind: Friends Real and Imagined,” Africa.com, April 2, 2012
“Worlds Apart,” The Christian Science Monitor, March 13, 2012
“Mockingbirds at Fort McHenry: Tribute to Elliott Coleman,” The Fortnightly Review', June 23, 2011
“Stranded in Casablanca, Out and About in Tangiers,” Africa.com, April 28, 2010
“Yellow Geranium in a Tin Can,” From the November/December 2009 Issue of World Literature Today as the Introduction to the Special Feature, “Voices *Against the Darkness: Imprisoned Writers Who Could Not Be Silenced,” October 27, 2009
“On its 60th anniversary, China is still crushing freedom,” The Christian Science Monitor, October 1, 2009
“Turkey can avert a tragedy on the Tigris,” The Christian Science Monitor, August 26, 2009
“Portal to Antiquity-Hasankeyf, Turkey,” World Literature Today, July–August 2009.
“The intensifying battle over Internet freedom,” The Christian Science Monitor, February 24, 2009
“The Role of PEN in the Contemporary World,” PEN International magazine, Vol. 56. No. 2, 2006
“El Papel de PEN en el mundo contemoraneo,” Periplo, Mexico, June, 2007
“Exorcising the Ghosts of a Nation,” The Los Angeles Times, (Sunday Opinion section), July 6, 2003
“Iraq's Future: Soccer Balls?” The Christian Science Monitor, June 23, 2003.
“Status: The Kosovo Issue That Just Won't Go Away,” The Los Angeles Times, (Sunday Opinion section) March 4, 2001.
“New Hope in Turkey,” The Christian Science Monitor, November 18, 1999
“Resurrecting Literature Online,” Brown University, October 26, 1999 (http://www.wwp-brown.edu/texts/forewordJLA.html)
“Writers Behind Bars: PEN Writers in Prison” in AWP Chronicle (Associated Writing Programs) Vol. 30, No. 6, May/Summer 1998
“Words: the Weapons of the Mind” in Kontakt Magazine'' (Denmark), Fall, 1996
References
External links
1947 births
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American women writers
Empire State College faculty
Lehman College faculty
University of California, Los Angeles faculty
Living people
Principia College alumni
Johns Hopkins University alumni
Brown University alumni
Novelists from New York (state)
The Christian Science Monitor people
American women academics
Mickey's Movies is a 1928 silent short film in Larry Darmour's Mickey McGuire series starring a young Mickey Rooney. Directed by Albert Herman, the two-reel short was released to theaters on September 2, 1928 by FBO.
Plot
Excitement arrives in the town of Toonerville, when a movie is being shot on location in front of the Scorpion's clubhouse. After kicking the film crew off of the property, Mickey and his Gang make their own movie with the aid of a 'scenario' that Mickey recently wrote.
Notes
In this film, the principal kids are aided by a new character, "Little Chocolate" (played by child actress Hannah Washington). This may have been this character's only appearance in the series. It seems likely that "Little Chocolate"'s addition to the Gang in this film had to do with the fact that Hambone (Jimmy Robinson) has a smaller part.
In this film, it is revealed that the character of "Katrink'" is the younger brother of "The Mighty Katrinka", the latter of whom was one of the original characters from the Toonerville Trolley comics.
Cast
Mickey Rooney - Mickey McGuire
Jimmy Robinson - Hambone Johnson
Delia Bogard - Tomboy Taylor
Hannah Washington - Little Chocolate
Unknown - Katrink
Buddy Brown - Stinky Davis
Kendall McComas - Scorpions member
External links
1928 films
1928 comedy films
American black-and-white films
American silent short films
Mickey McGuire short film series
1928 short films
Silent American comedy films
American comedy short films
1920s American films
The Timor-Leste women's national football team, represents East Timor in international women's association football and is governed by Federação de Futebol de Timor-Leste (FFTL).
History
In 1985, almost no country in the world had a women's national football team.
In 2005, the country was one of seven teams that included Brunei, Thailand, Indonesia, East Timor, Malaysia, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Burma and Singapore, that were expected to field a women's football team to compete at the Southeast Asian Games in Marikina in December.
In March 2012, the team was not ranked in the world by FIFA.
The FIFA trigramme is TLS.
First participations
The first match ever recorded by Timor-Leste was against Myanmar. The game was held in Mandalay on 27 July 2016 and Timor-Leste lost 0–17.
In 2016, Timor-Leste participated in their first AFF Women's Championship, held in Myanmar between 26 July and 4 August 2016. The squad lost all their matches, being eliminated from the competition.
First international victory
On 15 August 2019, Timor-Leste won their first international match against Singapore with a score of 2–1. Luselia made history as the first player to score a goal for Timor-Leste, she scored against Singapore in the 59th minute which gave Timor-Leste a 1–0 lead over Singapore in the first match of Timor-Leste in the 2019 AFF Women's Championship.
Results and fixtures
2022
Competitive Record
World Cup record
Summer Olympic Games record
AFC Women's Asian Cup record
Asian Games record
AFF Women's Championship record
South East Asian Games record
Head-to-head record
As of 13 July 2022
Players
Current squad
The following 23 players were called up for the 2019 AFF Women's Championship in Thailand.
Caps and goals updated as 21 August 2019 after match against Malaysia.
Head Coach: Lee Min-young
Previous squads
2016 AFF Women's Championship squad
2018 AFF Women's Championship squad
2019 AFF Women's Championship squad
Player records
Players in bold are still active with Timor-Leste.
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Current Staff
As of August 2019
Coaching history
Notes
References
Asian women's national association football teams
Women
Chapel of Garioch is a hamlet in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, located 4 miles (6 km) west of Inverurie. The Balquhain stone circle is nearby.
The church, St Mary's Chapel, shares a parish with Blairdaff. It was formerly under the patronage of the local Elphinstone lairds.
Chapel of Garioch is in the West Garioch ward of Aberdeenshire Council.
History
The hamlet was originally called Durock (Logie Durno in Gaelic) but was renamed when the Chapel was built in the 17th century.
The Battle of Harlaw was fought here in 1411.
Pittodrie House is a Category B listed building, and former seat of the Erskine family: it consists of a medieval tower house (c1490), with later Jacobean (1675) and neo-Jacobean (1841) additions.
References
Hamlets in Scotland
Villages in Aberdeenshire
Inverurie
Stoyan Christowe (also known as Stojan Hristoff) was an American author, journalist and noted Vermont political figure. Born in then Konomladi (then a part of the Ottoman Empire), he is best remembered as the author of six books written about the Balkans and as a Vermont legislator committed to promoting social justice and literacy. He was awarded an honorary doctorate from the Ss. Cyril and Methodius University of Skopje in the Republic of Macedonia and was elected an honorary member of the Macedonian Academy of Arts and Sciences (MANU).
Early life
Stoyan Christowe (Naumof) was born in Ottoman Macedonia, in the village of Konomladi, (present day Makrochori in Greece) on September 1, 1898, to Mitra and Christo Naumof as the first of three children (including a brother Vasil and a sister Mara).
Born at a time when the Ottoman Empire was disintegrating, Stoyan, like many children, dreamed of being a komitadji, a freedom fighter, who would, unlike the heroes of bygone days, succeed in overthrowing what had become the oppressive, 500-year long Ottoman rule and bring freedom and liberty to Macedonia.
After the failure of the Ilinden-Preobrazhenie Uprising, many locals started leaving, seeking better economic life in America. Some would periodically come back to the village like triumphant heroes, wearing new and exotic clothes, sporting gold teeth, carrying gold watches and most importantly telling fantastic stories about this magical America. Stoyan longed to discover this place where wires encased in glass bulbs illuminated houses instead of candles; where horseless carriages, not mules, were used to transport people. He developed a burning need to live in this far off country. Not for money, not for prestige – no, he was driven by a passion to know and understand America and become one with it.
The Amerikantzi of my boyhood days brought back to my native soil a powerful virus, an infectious America-mania that affected the young and middle-aged so that they were no longer content to till the thin mountain soil.
In 1911, aged 13, Stoyan Naumoff (he would later change his name to Hristov, and in 1924 anglicize it to "Christowe") boarded the "Oceanic" in Naples, Italy—destination America. Ellis Island records indicate that he passed himself of as 16 year old Italian named Giovanni Chorbadji believing that he would be admitted to the US easier if he were not a "Balkan peasant."
Following his immigration screening at Ellis Island, he immediately headed to St. Louis. There he bunked in squalid conditions with other men from Macedonia, taking on a succession of menial jobs, first in a shoe factory, then as a soda jerk and later in St. Louis Union Station. The pay was low, the days were long and the work was both dangerous and boring to this young man, whose every waking moment seemed to be dedicated to assimilating the country he had already adopted in his mind. As he gradually learned English, he absorbed all that he could around him about this strange new world. To his uncle, and nearly all who lived in their transplanted Balkan world, the sole objective was to live as cheaply as possible for a few years, work endlessly, save money, then to return to Macedonia to "live like a pasha."
Their beings were not inoculated with the leaven of America that worked so powerfully with earlier immigrants from other lands. They were familiar with the heat of the steel mills and iron foundries and roundhouses but never came in contact with the heat of the melting pot. America had not put her finger on their minds or hearts as it had done to millions before them and as it would to their children and grandchildren.
Life in the United States
But Stoyan did not share their goals or values and thus distanced himself from his fellow villagers. America had stolen his mind and heart and it was in this country that he planned to stay, striving to become more and more Americanized each day.
With my growing knowledge of the language America itself grew before my vision, etched itself out more clearly, and captivated my soul more enduringly. There began to seep through my being, like a strong potion, a vitalizing American serum. My young body became possessed of a passionate yearning to be absorbed by America. I longed, like a youth in love, to lay my head on the breast of America.
After 3 years in St. Louis Stoyan left on a journey that would take him across America. First, traveling west, he worked for the Union Pacific Railway in Montana and Wyoming. In 1918 he enrolled at Valparaiso University to get his high school diploma and there he began his writing career as a contributor to the Torch, the college newspaper.
In 1922 he moved to a Chicago suburb in search of a real job and eventually starred freelancing as a book reviewer for the Chicago Daily News. Between 1927 and 1929 he was dispatched to the Balkans as a correspondent. During this time he was stationed in Bulgaria and became a comrade of Aleksandar Balabanov and Elin Pelin. In 1928 Hristov visited Greece, but not his village due to fears to be conscripted as a soldier in the Greek army. As a correspondent in Sofia he interviewed Ivan Mihailov, Tsar Boris III, Vlado Chernozemski and others. Stoyan eventually became a well recognized expert on that region and his book, Heroes and Assassins, became required reading for those seeking to understand the post World War Balkans, and the factional politics of Macedonia, the principal player in it being the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization.
I belong spiritually as well as chronologically to the generations of immigrants who had to Americanize as well as acculturate, integrate, assimilate, coalesce, all at the same time. With me, the process had begun even before I had set foot on American soil. Robert Frost expressed it when he said at John F. Kennedy's inauguration that ‘We were the land, before the land was ours.
Christowe visited Bulgaria once again in 1934, just after the military government crackdown on the IMRO. In the 1930s Stoyan moved to New York City and spent ten years penning articles and writing book reviews for major magazines of the day, like the Dial, the Story Magazine, Harper's Bazaar and myriad of others, establishing himself as a respected author and critic. Stoyan's fourth book, "This is My Country", was in fact found on president Franklin D. Roosevelt bedside table when he died, a present from his wife Eleanor.
In his thirties Stoyan began a quest to untangle his roots. He had struggled with the issue of his identity since his teenage years. In 1929, in an article in The Outlook and Independent he addressed the issue candidly:
What has been there result of this long gestation in the womb of America? Despite the readiness and zeal with which I tossed myself in the melting pot I still am not wholly an American and never will be. It is not my fault. I have done all I could. America will not accept me. America wanted more, it wanted complete transformation inward and outward. That is impossible in one generation. Then what is my fate? What am I? Am I still what I was before I came to America, or am I a half American and half something else? To me, precisely, there lies our tragedy. I am neither one nor the other, I am an orphan. Spiritually, physically, linguistically I have not been wholly domesticated.
His passage from discombobulated newcomer, to hyphenated-American, to articulate chronicler of the migrant's experience, offers a primary source that changes over the thirty years of his writing.
Personal life
In 1939, Stoyan married Margaret Wooters, a feisty young writer from Philadelphia. They had met seven years earlier while he was working on his first book, Heroes and Assassins, as writer in residence at the Yaddo Writing Retreat.
He and Margaret moved to Vermont in 1939. In 1941, shortly after the US entered World War II, Stoyan was called to duty and worked as a military analyst covering the Balkans in the War Department for two years, 1941 to 1943. In December 1943 he returned to Vermont and refocused on his true calling, writing.
He spent the next ten years writing articles, editorial pieces and book reviews for major American newspapers and magazines. However, the matters of his identity, his roots, and his place in American society continued to haunt him.
In the early 1950s he traveled through Austria, Germany and Yugoslavia speaking at college campuses and lecturing about the American ideals. In 1952, Stoyan visited Skopje, the capital of Yugoslav Macedonia. The culture he walked away from as a child he began to embrace as a man. We also glimpse at the democratic values that Stoyan had come to cherish and the strength of his personality when, in 1953, he met Marshal Josip Broz Tito in Belgrade. In relentless defense of the freedom of expression, Stoyan did not hesitate to criticize the Marshal for his treatment of political dissidents.
In 1985 he revisited Yugoslavia, where he was awarded with the title Doctor Honoris Causa of the University of Sts. Cyril & Methodius in Skopje, the capital of the Republic of Macedonia.
In first half of his life, Stoyan Christowe identified himself as Bulgarian, but after World War II and the establishment of Macedonian state within the Yugoslav Federation, he redefined his understanding of who he was, and proclaimed himself an ethnic Macedonian. This change was a result of the fact, that during the 20th century, the Slav Macedonian national feelings had shifted. At the beginning of the 20th century, Slavic patriots in Macedonia felt a strong attachment to their homeland, but most of them saw themselves as Bulgarians. By the middle of the 20th. century, however Macedonian Slavs began to see Macedonian and Bulgarian loyalties as mutually exclusive and Macedonian regionalism had become Macedonian nationalism.
Work and political career
After graduating from Valparaiso University, Stojan became a correspondent for the Chicago Daily News.
A 'New Yorker' from 1930 to 1939 he worked as a freelance writer and from 1941 to 1943 as a military analyst at the War Department.
In Vermont, from January 1944 to 1959 he was a writer, book reviewer, lecturer and a newspaper correspondent for The North American Newspaper Alliance in 1951 to 1952.
In 1960, as Stoyan continued his quest to understand the meaning of 'Americanness', and, relentless in his effort to become an exemplary American, he run for a seat in the Vermont Legislature, won and served as a state representative from 1961 to 1962.
In 1963 he ran for a senate seat, and won the Republican nomination for his county by a landslide. Reelected in 1968, he retired in 1972 and was succeeded by republican Robert Gannet.
His colleague, senator William Doyle, called him "an original" and his fight for freedom, equality and education for all is best remembered in a speech he made on the occasion of a proposed amendment to change the Constitution of Vermont.
Retiring from the Senate in 1972, Stoyan immediately went back to his writing. His last autobiographical novel, The Eagle and the Stork, was published in 1976 and is by far his most widely read book.
Stoyan Christowe enjoyed relative notoriety as a writer during the 1930 and 1940s. As an author he had the power to move and persuade, and his many works, especially those written during his years as a correspondent in the Balkans, add to our understanding of Southeastern European history between the two World Wars. At home, during his years as a politician he served as a beacon shining light on what was good and right in America. But, his message to those not born in the US was to have faith in oneself, accept this country and its language and grow with it, and embrace one's own inner changes. And, he admonished, embrace your roots as well. "America has room for people who are Americans with origins elsewhere, it is the genius of the country."
Christowe's Legacy
In 2006, the Macedonian Arts Council in a joint venture with the city government of Dover, Vermont erected a land marker, to honor its most famous resident.
In 2010,The Stoyan Christowe Scholarship Fund was established by the Macedonian Arts Council and is available only to students of literature and political science, at universities in Macedonia.
Bibliography
Books
Heroes and Assassins, Robert M. McBride, (1935) (Хероu и убujцu, Мuсла 1985)
Mara, Thomas Y. Crowell Co., (1937) (Една Българка, Смрикаров, 1943); (Мара, Мuсла -1985)
This is my country, Carrick & Evans, Inc., (1938)(Ова е моjaта татковuна, Мuсла 1985) - one of the favorite books of Franklin Roosevelt.
The Lion Of Yanina, Modern Age Books, (1941) (Лavoт oд Janina, 1985)
My American Pilgrimage, Little, Brown and Company, 1947 (Ṃоjoт Амерuканскu Аu̯uлак, Мuсла 1985)
The Eagle and the Stork, Harper's Magazine Press, (1976) (Орелот u штркот, Мuсла 1985)
The Immigrant's Bride („Невестата на доселеникот“), изд. куќа „Дијалог“, Скопје (2010) (in Macedonian)
Partial bibliography of Stoyan Christowe's writings
See also
Macedonian writers
Macedonian American
Macedonian nationalism
References
External links
Stoyan Christowe - Vermont Historical Society.
Bibliography of Stoyan Christowe's works
My American Pilgrimage Movie
Macedonian Arts Council
1898 births
1995 deaths
Macedonian writers
American people of Macedonian descent
Bulgarians from Aegean Macedonia
American people of Bulgarian descent
Articles containing video clips
People from Korestia
People from Brattleboro, Vermont
Emigrants from the Ottoman Empire to the United States
Çalıcaalan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Peter Sichrovsky (born 5 September 1947) is an Austrian journalist, writer, former politician and Member of the European Parliament. He belonged to the Freedom Party of Austria during his two terms in the European Parliament, although he was officially non-attached.
Early life
Peter Sichrovsky was born and raised in Vienna, Austria. From 1963 to 1968, Sichrovsky studied at the Higher Technical School of Biochemistry in Vienna, graduating from there to study pharmacy and chemistry at the University of Vienna from 1970 to 1975. After receiving his university qualifications, Sichrovsky became a high school chemistry and physics teacher, leaving education in 1976 to take up management positions in various pharmaceutical companies. From 1980, Sichrovsky found employment as a journalist in a variety of newspapers, including Der Spiegel, Männer Vogue, and Der Standard, which he co-founded in 1988. After positions in Europe, Sichrovsky travelled abroad to New Delhi and Hong Kong to become a foreign correspondent there. During the 1990s, he continued his trips abroad through Hong Kong, Vienna, Chicago and Los Angeles.
Political career
On 11 November 1996, Sichrovsky was elected to the European Parliament as a representative of his home country. Although he was a parliamentary member of the Freedom Party of Austria, he was considered non-attached as his party did not have the required number of seats in the European Parliament to form a political group. Sichrovsky served on several committees during his two terms in the European Parliament, including the Committee on External Economic Relations, the Subcommittee on Security and Disarmament, the Committee on Culture, Youth, Education, the Media and Sport and the Delegation to the EU-Kazakhstan, EU-Kyrgyzstan and EU-Uzbekistan Parliamentary Cooperation Committees and Delegation for relations with Tadjikistan, Turkmenistan and Mongolia. From 2000 to 2002 Sichrovsky was the general secretary of the Freedom Party of Austria.
Sichrovsky is a controversial figure inside the conservative right. Some opine that because of his Jewish origin he was supposed to help the Haider's party make peace with Jews.
Other works
Sichrovsky has written fifteen books, including four children's books, plays, and screenplays. In 1986, an English translation of Sichrovsky's book Wir wissen nicht was morgen wird, wir wissen wohl was gestern war: Junge Juden in Deutschland und Österreich, a collection of interviews with the children of Jewish holocaust victims and survivors, was published as Strangers in their own land: Young Jews in Germany and Austria today. Two years later, in 1988, an English translation of Schuldig geboren: Kinder aus Nazifamilien, a collection of interviews with children of Nazi parents, was published as Born Guilty: Children of Nazi Families.
References
1947 births
Austrian male writers
Living people
Freedom Party of Austria politicians
Writers from Vienna
University of Vienna alumni
Freedom Party of Austria MEPs
MEPs for Austria 1996–1999
MEPs for Austria 1999–2004
21st-century Austrian politicians
Austrian Jews
MathPath is a mathematics enrichment summer program for students ages 11–14 (middle school age in the US). It is four weeks long, and moves to a different location each year. MathPath is visited by mathematicians such as John H. Conway and Francis Su.
It was probably the original, and is still one of the few, international residential high-end summer camps exclusively for mathematics and exclusively for students of middle school age.
History
MathPath was founded in 2002 by George Rubin Thomas, who had previously founded Mathcamp for high school students and has since founded Epsiloncamp for children age 7–11 (in 2011, originally aged 8-11) and Delta Camp for children 6 and 7 (in 2014 and 2015, now merged with Epsilon Camp). His goal was to inspire and advance the most mathematically gifted middle school age students, through a summer camp.
Subjects
At MathPath, students learn about many math topics that are rarely taught in American schools, or taught in much depth, such as non-Euclidean geometry, advanced Euclidean geometry, number theory, combinatorics, induction, spherical trigonometry, mathematical origami, and the mathematics of card shuffling. They also learn some history of math and work on mathematical writing. Topics vary somewhat each year, depending on instructor interest. As well, students have the opportunity to prepare for contests such as MATHCOUNTS, AMC, or AIME.
Staff
Some staffs are regular annual participants. Usually they come for 2–4 weeks, but a few come for only one week. Notable regular staff include the late John Horton Conway, Sam Vandervelde, and Glen Van Brummelen.
Visiting staff are participants for one year or occasional years. Usually they attend for one week, or for a day or two to give a few lectures. Often they are faculty at the host institution or nearby institutions. Notable visiting mathematicians have included Gene Abrams and Robin Hartshorne.
Admissions
MathPath is selective. The primary criterion for admission is the applicant's work on the yearly Qualifying Test, though academic and nonacademic references are also required.
Locations
2002 – Black Hills State University, Spearfish, SD
2003 – Black Hills State University, Spearfish, SD
2004 – Roger Williams University, Bristol, RI
2005 – Colorado College, Colorado Springs, CO
2006 – University of California, Santa Cruz, CA
2007 – Colorado College, Colorado Springs, CO
2008 – The University of Vermont at Burlington
2009 – Colorado College, Colorado Springs, CO
2010 – Macalester College, St. Paul, MN
2011 – Colorado College, Colorado Springs, CO
2012 – Mount Holyoke College, South Hadley, MA
2013 – Macalester College, St. Paul, MN
2014 – Mount Holyoke College, South Hadley, MA
2015 - Lewis & Clark College, Portland, OR
2016 - Macalester College, St. Paul, MN
2017 - Mount Holyoke College, South Hadley, MA
2018 - Lewis & Clark College, Portland, OR
2019 - Grand Valley State University, Allendale, MI
2020 and 2021 - Held online due to coronavirus concerns.
References
External links
Epsilon Camp website
MathPath website
Mathcamp USA website
Mathematics summer camps
Summer camps in the United States
Óscar Andres Rivas Torres (born 6 June 1987) is a Colombian professional boxer who has held the WBC bridgerweight title since 2021. He also challenged for the vacant WBC interim heavyweight title in 2019, and previously held the IBF International, WBC-NABF and WBO-NABO heavyweight titles. As an amateur he won a silver medal at the 2007 Pan American Games.
Amateur career
In Cartagena at the 2006 Caribbean Games, the 212 lbs Rivas lost in the first round to Cuban Olympic Bronze medalist Michel López Núñez 4:6
4 February 2007 at a PanAm qualifier Rivas scored his first big win by beating two-time American champ Mike Wilson 24:19 but lost to Cuban Robert Alfonso 12:21.
In the Pan-American main event in Rio he beat Gerardo Bisbal 22:8, Didier Bence by walkover (injured) and reached the final but lost to Alfonso once again, this time 4:8.
In Chicago, at the 2007 AIBA World Boxing Championships he stopped Dominican Lequan Carlisle but lost to eventual silver medalist Vyacheslav Glazkov 7:23.
At the first Olympic qualifier in March 2008, he lost to American Michael Hunter Jr.; however, in April 2008 he qualified for the 2008 Olympics through the second American qualifier with a 16:4 over Mexican Andy Ruiz Jr. and a 6:5 victory over Brazilian Gleison Abreu.
At the Olympics he upset European champion Kubrat Pulev of Bulgaria 11:5, but lost to Italian world champion and eventual Olympic champion Roberto Cammarelle 5:9.
Professional career
Heavyweight
Early career
Rivas turned pro in 2009 for Yvon Michel in Canada. After compiling a perfect record of 20-0, he captured the vacant NABF heavyweight title in his 21st fight after beating former world title challenger Carl Davis Drumond by first-round knockout on 28 September 2017, with the stoppage coming just 68 seconds into the fight.
Rivas vs. Jennings
After four more consecutive wins, Rivas defeated former WBA interim heavyweight champion Bryant Jennings via twelfth-round technical knockout in his 26th fight on 18 January 2019 to win the IBF International and WBO-NABO heavyweight titles. Jennings was a highly ranked heavyweight at the time, ranked at #2 by the WBO, #7 by the WBA, #8 by the IBF and #14 by the WBC.
Rivas vs. Whyte
With an undefeated record of 26-0, Rivas challenged Dillian Whyte for the vacant WBC interim heavyweight title. Whyte was ranked #1 by the WBC and #3 by the WBA and WBO at heavyweight. Rivas knocked Whyte down in the ninth round with a right uppercut, but he ultimately lost the fight by unanimous decision with scores of 116–112, 115–111, 115–111.
Bridgerweight
Cancelled Jennings rematch
Rivas are scheduled to meet Bryant Jennings on 18 June 2021 in Canada in a rematch of their 2019 fight for the inaugural WBC bridgerweight title, but the fight was postponed and ultimately cancelled.
Rivas vs. Louis
On 16 March, 2021, Rivas fought Sylvera Louis. Rivas won the fight within three rounds via TKO.
Rivas vs. Rozicki
On 22 October 2021, Rivas outpointed undefeated Ryan Rozicki to a unanimous decision with scores of 116–111 and 115–112 twice to become the inaugural WBC bridgerweight champion.
Personal life
Rivas are born in Buenaventura, Colombia, and resides in Montreal, Quebec.
Professional boxing record
References
External links
2008 Olympics results
Oscar Rivas - Profile, News Archive & Current Rankings at Box.Live
Living people
1987 births
Heavyweight boxers
Boxers at the 2007 Pan American Games
Bridgerweight boxers
Boxers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic boxers of Colombia
Colombian male boxers
Pan American Games silver medalists for Colombia
Pan American Games medalists in boxing
Medalists at the 2007 Pan American Games
World Boxing Council champions
People from Buenaventura, Valle del Cauca
Sportspeople from Valle del Cauca Department
Marie-Ève Juste is a Canadian film director from Quebec. Her 2012 short film With Jeff (Avec Jeff, à moto) premiered in the Director's Fortnight at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival, and was a shortlisted Prix Jutra nominee for Best Live Action Short Drama at the 15th Jutra Awards in 2013.
Her other short films include Summer Day (Canicule), The Sands (Plage de sable), A New Year (Le nouvel an) and As Spring Comes (Comme la neige au printemps).
References
External links
Canadian women film directors
Film directors from Quebec
Black Canadian filmmakers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Stephanie Hammerman-Roach is the world's first CrossFit Level 2 trainer with cerebral palsy. CrossFit has said she is the first woman with Cerebral Palsy to work for them as a trainer and Nike signed her as their first sponsored adaptive athlete from 2018-2022. She cites the death of one of her best friends in 2005 as her inspiration. She was diagnosed with Hodgkin's Lymphoma Stage 3B in 2016.
Hammerman, known as Steph or The Hammer, grew up in Merrick, New York and graduated from Kennedy High School in 2008. Hammerman went on to study for a Master's degree in college student affairs at Nova Southeastern University and an undergraduate degree from Lynn University in Boca Raton, Florida.
Career
Steph began her career as a child model with a feature for Toys R'Us. She was a special guest commentator as a toy reviewer on CNN by the age of 6 and was a columnist for WE magazine at 10.
At the age of 30, Hammerman had been featured on Good Morning America, CNN, in Shape, People and on the YouTube channel CrossFit. Hammerman has been involved in fitness since 2012.
Personal
Stephanie married Tyler Roach in a private ceremony on December 4, 2020. They reside in Scottsdale, AZ.
Steph has 3 siblings that were unnamed in her personal memoir.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Merrick, New York
John F. Kennedy High School (Bellmore, New York) alumni
Nova Southeastern University alumni
Lynn University alumni
Nike, Inc. people
CrossFit
Paineñamcu or Paynenancu or Alonso Diaz, was the Mapuche toqui from 1574 to 1584. Alonso Diaz was a mestizo Spanish soldier offended because the Governor of Chile did not promote him to the officer rank of alféres, who subsequently went over to the Mapuche in 1572. He took the Mapuche name of Paineñamcu and because of his military skills was elected toqui in 1574 following the death of Paillataru.
He was captured in battle in 1584 and saved his life when he betrayed to his captors the location of a renegade Spaniard and a mulato that were leaders in the Mapuche army. He was executed later that same year in Santiago, Chile when the Spanish believed he was communicating with the rebellious Mapuche. Cayancaru succeeded him as toqui after his capture.
References
Sources
Pedro Mariño de Lobera, Crónica del Reino de Chile, escrita por el capitán Pedro Mariño de Lobera....reducido a nuevo método y estilo por el Padre Bartolomé de Escobar. Edición digital a partir de Crónicas del Reino de Chile Madrid, Atlas, 1960, pp. 227-562, (Biblioteca de Autores Españoles ; 569-575). Biblioteca Virtual Miguel de Cervantes (online in Spanish) Libro tercero, Parte tercera, Capítulo XXXII
Diego de Rosales, “Historia General del Reino de Chile”, Flandes Indiano, 3 tomos. Valparaíso 1877 - 1878.
Historia general de el Reyno de Chile: Flandes Indiano Vol. 2 Capítulo XLV, XLIX, LI, LII.
Vicente Carvallo y Goyeneche, Descripcion Histórico Geografía del Reino de Chile (Description Historical Geography of the Kingdom of Chile), University of Chile: Document Collections in complete texts: Cronicles (online in Spanish)(History of Chile 1425-1788) Tomo I, Capítulo LX, LXII, LXIV, LXVII, LXVIII.
16th-century Mapuche people
History of Chile
People of the Arauco War
1583 deaths
Indigenous leaders of the Americas
Year of birth unknown
The Class V 160 (after 1968: Class 216) is a class of diesel-hydraulic locomotives of the German railways. It is the first variant of the V160 family, built for the Deutsche Bundesbahn for medium/heavy trains.
The Class were successful locomotives, eventually leading to a family of similar locomotives (see DB V 160 family). Due to them having steam heating, and a lack in later years of suitable coaching stock they were amongst the first of the family to be withdrawn, no examples being operated by Deutsche Bahn by 2004.
A few examples were converted to the short lived DBAG Class 226, with other examples being rebuilt and still in service with private operators.
Background and history
Following good performance from the diesel-hydraulic locomotive the DB Class V 80, in the period of history of the German Railways sometimes known as Epoch III, the Deutsche Bundesbahn planned (in 1953) to build several types of new diesel locomotive, primarily to replace steam powered locomotives; these were: V 60, and V 65, both shunters, the V 65.2, also for shunting and light freight trains, DB Class V 200, for express passenger trains, and the V 160 for both freight and passenger work on the main network.
Initially a 1600 hp machine using two engines of the type used in the V80 was planned; in a similar fashion to the V200, which was powered by two engines of the type used in the V100. However it was realised that if a single high powered engine could be used, then maintenance and other costs would be reduced.
The new class would replace engines such as the BR 03, BR 23, BR 38.10 (pr P 8), BR 39 (pr P 10), BR 50, BR 57 (pr G 10) and BR 78 (pr T 18). Steam heating (for passenger coaches) was necessary, and a top speed of 120 km/h was specified.
In the spring of 1956 development began at Krupp, the first unit being delivered on 6 August 1960, with eight more units being delivered by 1962 from both Krupp and Henschel. These prototype units were later to become unusual amongst the entire V 160 family, due to their rounded front end – in a similar but less sophisticated design to the V 200s – because of this 'bulbous' front end the locomotives earned the nickname lollo (in allusion to Gina Lollobrigida). A final prototype V 160 010, the tenth, and the first with the angled front end, was manufactured by Henschel in 1963; the more modern looking front end was derived from the Henschel prototype locomotive V 320 001 of which only one was built.
The prototypes performed well, and volume production began, numbers V 160 011 to V 160 224 being built between 1964 and 1968 by Krupp, Henschel, KHD, Krauss-Maffei and MaK. By the time the 156th example had been produced the Deutsche Bundesbahn had changed its numbering system; from then on the class had reporting number 216 with the individual unit numbering continuing as before.
Over the next decade, because of changing requirements – mostly in terms of increased power, and speed, as well as the requirement for electrical passenger heating a number of related classes sprang up – the Classes 210, 215, 217, 218 and 219 (see DB Class V 160 family); although some were a little longer, and carried additional components, all were essentially based on the original V 160; over 800 machines of all types were eventually built.
Design
The initial ten pre-production machines with the exception of V 160 006 were powered by a Maybach engine of the type MD 16 V 538 TB. The others were powered by a MTU 16 V 538 TB 10 or MTU 16V 653 TB 10 (16 cylinders and a power of 1900 hp at 1500 rpm). In all examples both bogies are powered via drive shafts from a two speed hydraulic drive from Voith
The welded steel chassis (formed of U beams and transverse members) and the body shell form the load-bearing frame, which rests on the two welded steel bogies, supported by helical springs, the engine is centrally located, with the fuel, batteries, oil, and fuel oil being hung below the chassis frame, between the bogies. The welded steel components along with other light weight materials were used to keep the axle load below 20t. However, in the main production series of locomotives some of the lighter weight welded construction was abandoned in favour of less expensively produced components – leading to an increase in axle weight from ~18.5 to ~20t.
In addition to the main engine a small auxiliary diesel engine available, driving a generator providing the 110 V electrical supply for lighting as well as driving an electric air compression for the brakes.
The steam heating apparatus took up one end of the locomotive, between the engine and drivers cabin; powered by fuel oil, it had the capacity to satisfactorily heat 10 coaches when the outside temperature was −10 °C. The equipment was sourced from Hagenuk, the full capacity being 670 L of fuel oil and 2850 L of water.
Most of the locomotives were also equipped for push-pull operation, as well as for multiple working, controlled via a 36 pin control cable
The safety devices Sicherheitsfahrschaltung (or Sifa) and Punktförmige Zugbeeinflussung (also known as PZB or Indusi) are fitted. Later on Zugbahnfunk; a cab to control room analogue radio system was installed. Other equipment includes sand boxes, a whistle and on some machines automatic door locking (when moving).
Operations
The first locomotives entered service on the Hamburg to Lübeck line, working push-pull double decked passenger trains, and replacing the BR 38.10 and BR 78 steam engines. The engines were also used on freight workings as well. On push-pull passenger working the locomotives were sometimes found in the middle of the train – which facilitated easier separation of carriages en route.
Since the 1990s the Class 216 locomotives started to work more on freight than on passenger trains because of the lack of steam heated passenger stock. Between 2000 and 2004 the Deutsche Bahn fleet was phased out, with the last locomotive being decommissioned in 2004. However several locomotives were sold to private operators, where they are still in use.
Variants
In addition to the machines built in the 1970s, a few other variants have arisen subsequently, by rebuilding of existing machines.
DBAG Class 226
The seven examples of the 226 Class were created by Deutsche Bahn for towing ICE 3 sets – for this purpose they were fitted with Scharfenberg couplers and the steam heating removed and repand replaced with ballast. They were replaced by converted DB Class 218s (subclass 218.8) in 2004 and scrapped in 2005.
DH 1504
The first of the series of rebuilt Class 216s, DH 1504, was created in 1998 by the firm 'On Rail'. The concept was to create a new 'Class 216' medium power locomotive from retired state owned Class 216 locomotives; the result was an almost completely new locomotive, only the transmission, bogies and frame were saved from the original locomotive. The engine is a 1500 kW MTU engine, and the units are fitted for remote control operation.
Overall, 6 of these locomotives were built, three locomotives are now in the use of the Osthannoversche Eisenbahnen (OHE), two work for Niederrheinische Verkehrsbetriebe (NIAG) and one for the Mindener Kreisbahnen (MKB).
Liveries
Initial machines were delivered in altrot (antique red), with side skirts and ventilation grills dark grey, and the roof light grey. The museum locomotive 216 221 still bears the 'altrot' livery. In January 1975, 216 071 was the first locomotive to be painted in the then new ocean blue-beige color scheme. In February 1988 216 068 was the first locomotive of this series to receive the somewhat unpopular orientrot livery – an orient red lacquer with a white "bib" on the front. The other livery carried by DB Class 160's was the verkehrsrot (traffic red) colour scheme with mid grey skirts and ventilation grills.
References
Additional sources
V160 dbtrains.com
v160.de V 160 family site – brief introduction, detailed individual locomotive information, including historical photographs, builder, current status and work histories. Also more technical information on engine, transmission, fuel system and cab. v160.de
Die V-160 familie Brief technical information. livery details, and work/operator/accident history of Class 216 and related locomotives. deutsche-lokomotiven.de
OnRail DH1504 Information on DH1504 rebuilds privat-bahn.de
External links
V 160 003 at Historische Eisenbahnfahrzeuge Lübeck e.V. (Historic Rail Vehicles, Lubeck) Preserved prototype locomotive with the original rounded front.
DB Class 216 of Deutsche Bahn
V 160
B-B locomotives
Krupp locomotives
Henschel locomotives
Krauss-Maffei locomotives
MaK locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1960
Diesel-hydraulic locomotives of Germany
Standard gauge locomotives of Germany
Standard gauge locomotives of Italy
Mixed traffic locomotives
Gifts of an Eagle is non-fiction book written by Kent Durden and published by Simon & Schuster in 1972.
The book details the story of Ed Durden, who raised and filmed a golden eagle, named Lady, for 16 years.
In 1975, a documentary film based on the book was released in movie theaters across the country. The film contained original footage from the 1950s to the 1970s showing the story of Lady and Ed. In 2009, the film was released in DVD format.
In 1955 Ed Durden got a grant from the Fish and Wildlife Department to capture a golden eaglet to film and study for educational purposes. A close bond developed between Ed and Lady. There were many incidents that showed the strong smarts and personality of Lady. For example: after one incident when Kent held her down while they had to trim her claws, Lady never liked him again and would dive on him whenever she was out flying free and Kent showed up. Ed found this endlessly amusing and loved getting a good shot of Lady diving while Kent ran for cover.
Lady laid eggs that were infertile. Wanting her to have the experience of motherhood, Ed replaced the eggs with fertile geese eggs (all he could find at the time). She accepted them as hers and nurtured the eggs until fluffy yellow baby geese broke out of those eggs. Lady cared for them as she would her own, even though there were some very curiously odd things about these "eagles".
Lady eventually got to raise eaglets. The amazing footage that Ed got the morning she first chirped at the breaking eagle egg was the first time an eagle being born was captured on film.
When Lady was on the nest and Ed would come into her cage, she would get up to leave, leaving the eggs to Ed to keep warm. This was how they knew that Lady had accepted Ed as her mate.
Lady on Film
Ed and Kent were wildlife photographers and Lady was used in many TV and feature films. Most notably Lady was featured in:
1958 - Grand Canyon Suite - A short documentary film made by Walt Disney. It won the Academy Award for that year. Lady is shown in the finale of the film. The backstory of this Lady in this film is documented in the book and the film and is very interesting.
1961-1963 - Lassie (1954 TV Series) - Episode titles: "The Eagle" 1961, "Lassie and the Eagle" 1962, "The Treasure" part 1 & 2, 1963
1967 - The Legend of the Boy and the Eagle - A feature length film from Disney. Lady was in the title role. This story of filming this is also detailed quite a bit on the book and film, Gifts of an Eagle
References
Gifts of an Eagle website
Ed Durden on IMDB (listed as cinematographer or animal trainer)
The Legend of the Boy and the Eagle on IMDB
American non-fiction books
The National Youth Committee of IMRO – Bulgarian National Movement political party () was established in the autumn of 2001 in the city of Troyan in order for all the youth organizations in the country to be united. Since 2004, the National Youth Committee is the official national youth organization of IMRO – Bulgarian National Movement.
Aims
To promote, preserve and develop all of the Bulgarian spiritual and cultural traditions
To promote and preserve all national values and historical memory, as well as the Bulgarian nature
To educate the young Bulgarians all around the world in patriotism, to encourage their self-respect, as well as their sense of responsibility
To improve the quality of literacy among the youth
Activities
Organization of round table discussions and conferences
Organization of exhibitions
Organization of meetings, processions, concerts
Publishing of books, various periodical editions, multimedia, brochures, etc.
Organization of museum, memorial and historical area visits
Organization of tourist excursions
Co-operation and joint activities with other Bulgarian organizations
Co-operation and joint activities with foreign organizations
See also
“IMRO – Bulgarian National Movement” political party
References
External links
Website of “IMRO – Bulgarian National Movement” political party
Website of the National Youth Committee of “IMRO – Bulgarian National Movement” political party
Politics of Bulgaria
Youth wings of political parties in Bulgaria
Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization
The Whitsun Weddings is a collection of 32 poems by Philip Larkin. It was first published by Faber in the United Kingdom on 28 February 1964. It was a commercial success, by the standards of poetry publication, with the first 4,000 copies being sold within two months. A United States edition appeared some seven months later.
It contains many of Larkin's best known poems, such as "The Whitsun Weddings", "Days", "Mr Bleaney", "MCMXIV", and "An Arundel Tomb".
Poems
Here
Mr Bleaney
Nothing To Be Said
Love Songs in Age
Naturally the Foundation will Bear Your Expenses
Broadcast
Faith Healing
For Sidney Bechet
Home is so Sad
Toads Revisited
Water
The Whitsun Weddings
Self's the Man
Take One Home for the Kiddies
Days
MCMXIV
Talking in Bed
The Large Cool Store
A Study of Reading Habits
As Bad as a Mile
Ambulances
The Importance of Elsewhere
Sunny Prestatyn
First Sight
Dockery and Son
Ignorance
Reference Back
Wild Oats
Essential Beauty
Send No Money
Afternoons
An Arundel Tomb
See also
List of poems by Philip Larkin
1964 in poetry
1964 poetry books
English poetry collections
Poetry by Philip Larkin
Faber and Faber books
Andrew Lawton (born 14 January 1978) is an Australian film director, television director, screenwriter, and actor. He was born in Melbourne, Australia, and is a graduate of The University of Melbourne and Sarah Lawrence College in New York.
As an actor, Lawton is known for roles on the television series Neighbours, State Coroner and One Life to Live. He is the owner and creative director of Kinetic Studios, a production company in New York City, and most recently directed Neil Patrick Harris in A Roundabout Road to Broadway for NBC. As a filmmaker, Lawton's credits include writing and directing the films Rain, Wake, Couch Surfer and Have You Seen Calvin?.
Early life
Andrew Lawton is the youngest of four boys raised in the suburbs of Melbourne, Australia. As a child, he was a professional boy soprano and toured regularly as a member of The Victorian Boys Choir. On a 1989 tour of the United Kingdom, Lawton and the choir performed in famed Westminster Abbey. He was named deputy leader of the choir in 1991 and choir leader in 1992. This early choral career led Lawton to musical theatre, where he performed in over a dozen musicals as a teen. His acting breakthrough came with being cast in the role of Jake Black on soap opera Neighbours in 2000.
Personal life
Lawton resides in Battery Park City in Lower Manhattan with his wife, Darcy Lawton. The films that have most inspired his career include Back to the Future, Aliens, The Terminator, Terminator 2: Judgment Day, Ghostbusters, When Harry Met Sally and Dead Poets Society.
Awards
Film & Television Credits
Actor:
State Coroner - Marcus Tessler (1998)
Neighbours - Jake Black (2000)
Rain - Tim Harrison (2000)
One Life to Live - Logan (2005)
The Protector - Officer Rick (2005)
Couch Surfer - Stevo (2016)
Writer/Director:
Rain (2000)
Some Guy Called Toby (2003)
Wake (2009)
A Roundabout Road to Broadway - NBC (2016)
Have You Seen Calvin? (2016)
Couch Surfer (2016)
References
External links
Kinetic Studios - Film & Television Production
Living people
Australian male film actors
Australian male soap opera actors
Australian film directors
1978 births
Sarah Lawrence College alumni
People from Melbourne
People from Battery Park City
Zeiger is a surname of German origin. Notable people with the surname include:
Larry King, born Lawrence Harvey Zeiger. American television and radio host.
Hans Zeiger. United States politician and member of Washington State Senate.
Joanna Zeiger. United States triathlete.
David Zeiger. Brazilian industrialist.
Mila Zeiger. Brazilian businesswoman.
Roni Zeiger. United States physician.
Eliezer (Eduardo) Zeiger. United States biologist.
David Zeiger. United States film director and producer.
Yitzhak Seiger. Israeli politician
Igor Zeiger. Israeli artist
German-language surnames
Area theorem may refer to:
For Hawking's area theorem, see Black hole thermodynamics#The laws of black hole mechanics.
For the area theorem in conformal mapping theory, see area theorem (conformal mapping).
The Girl Can't Help It is a 1956 film.
The Girl Can't Help It may also refer to:
The Girl Can't Help It (song) by Little Richard, written Bobby Troup 1956
"The Girl Can't Help It" song by Exile (American band) S. Lemaire, J.P. Pennington 1988
BCR (Beijing City Rail) also known as Beijing Suburban Railway is a commuter rail service that connects urban Beijing with outlying districts beyond the reach of the city's Beijing Subway network. The suburban rail services run on existing China Railway lines.
The suburban rail services are managed by the China Railway Beijing Group, an agency of the Ministry of Railways that is not affiliated with the operators of Beijing Subway.
There are 4 suburban railway corridors currently in operation: Line S2, Sub-Central line, Huairou–Miyun line and Tongmi line.
In operation
History
6 August 2008: Line S2 opened.
21 December 2012: Line S2 (branch) opened
1 November 2016: Line S2 (main line and branch line) — was diverted from Beijingbei (North) to Huangtudian.
31 December 2017: Sub-Central line and Huairou–Miyun line opened.
30 April 2019: Huairou–Miyun line — Yanqihu station (formerly known as Fangezhuang) opened, and the northern destination was extended to Gubeikou.
20 June 2019: Sub-Central line — Eastern extension to Qiaozhuangdong (East).
30 December 2019: Huairou–Miyun line — was diverted from Huangtudian to Qinghe.
30 March 2020: Line S2 (main line) — shortened to Badaling railway station for Yanqing railway station renovation, free shuttle bus is offered to Yanqing urban area.
30 June 2020: Sub-Central line — Western extension to Liangxiang. Tongmi line opened.
1 August ~ 20 August 2020: Huairou–Miyun line — whole line stop service for the Beijing–Tongliao railway electrification project.
30 September 2020: Huairou–Miyun line — Southern extension to Beijingbei (North).
1 December 2020: Line S2 (main line) — Yanqing railway station reopened.
Short-term planning
See also
Beijing Subway
References
Railway lines in China
Rail transport in Beijing
is a Japanese storyboard artist, screenwriter, and director. He has collaborated with famed director Junichi Sato in series such as Aria, Kaleido Star, and Prétear.
Anime involved in
Excel Saga: Episode Director (7, 12, 17, 22, 25)
Vandread: Episode Director (5)
Prétear: Episode Director (4, 8)
Vandread: The Second Stage: Storyboard (ep 6), Episode Director (1, 6, 8, 11), Assistant Director
Saikano: Storyboard (ep 7), Episode Director (2, 7)
Kaleido Star: Director (Season 2), Assistant Director
SoltyRei: Director, Storyboard (ep 1)
Aria The Natural: Storyboard (ep 15, 22), Episode Director (15, 22)
Sketchbook ~full color'S~: Director, Storyboard (ep 1, 6), Episode Director (13)
Working!!: Director, Series Composition, Storyboard (ep 1, 2)
Amagami SS: Director, Series Composition, Storyboard (1, 13), Episode Director (26)
AKB0048: Director, Storyboard (ep 1, 2, 5, 9)
AKB0048 next stage: Director, Storyboard (ep 4, 12)
Tokyo Ravens: Storyboard (ep 6)
Gugure! Kokkuri-san: Director, Script, Storyboard (ep 1)
Momokuri: Director, Series Composition
Nyanko Days: Director, Series Composition
Wotakoi: Love Is Hard for Otaku: Director, Series Composition
Black Summoner: Director, Series Composition
References
External links
Anime directors
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Johannes Bilberg (17 November 1646 – 11 March 1717) was a Swedish theologian, professor and bishop. As a professor he was involved in the controversy over Cartesianism.
He was the son of school principal and vicar Jonas Amberni and his wife Ingrid Denckert. At the age of thirteen Bilberg started studying at Uppsala University. After he graduated with Bachelor of Arts, he took employment as a tutor for a young baron named Ulf Bonde on a trip around the continent of Europe when they visited royal courts and universities. When he returned home in 1677 he was named professor of mathematics at Uppsala University.
At this time a controversy had erupted between the new Cartesian philosophy and the theological orthodoxy in Uppsala. Priests at the Riksdagen were also involved in the debate, which made the government feel compelled to set up a special commission to investigate the matter. A compromise was reached and Bilberg and the Cartesians were given full rights.
The conflict and battle continued until Bilberg, with the blessing of the King of Sweden, became dean and vicar in Örebro in 1692. In his new home he gathered a number of young disciples who he educated in theology and philosophy. At the command of King Karl XI, Bilberg travelled to Torneå and Kengis along with Anders Spole to study the midnight sun. The expedition, dedicated to Karl as "sun-king", observed that the sun could indeed be observed around the clock at high altitudes. Bilberg afterwards published a work in Latin and Swedish under the title of Refractio solis inoccidui, in septemtrionalibus oris (About the refraction of the midnight sun, in the Northlands).
In 1683, Bilberg married Margareta Staaf, whose father was a trader in Uppsala. The couple had four children together. All four were knighted by Karl XII in Bender at which time they were entitled to retain their father's last name of Bilberg.
In 1701, Bilberg was named bishop of Strängnäs after Erik Benzelius resigned to become archbishop. He continued as bishop in that congregation until his death in 1717.
References
1646 births
1717 deaths
Swedish theologians
Swedish Lutheran bishops
Uppsala University alumni
Uppsala University faculty
The King 3B is a medium-bore trombone currently manufactured by Conn-Selmer, Inc and sold as the "King 2103 Legend 3B." Popular with professional jazz musicians, the older models from the 1960s are known for their brilliant tone and fluidity in the upper register. One of several models of King trombones, the 3B has a bore (the inside diameter of the inner slide) and an bell. It is available with a yellow brass, gold brass, or sterling silver bell, with an F attachment, or as a valve trombone. The King 3B fits a small shank mouthpiece,
Originally manufactured by the H.N. White Company, King trombones are named for Thomas King, a solo trombonist with the Lyceum Theatre Orchestra in Cleveland, Ohio who during the late 19th century worked with instrument manufacturer Henderson N. White to design and build a new trombone. King trombones quickly gained acclaim with trombonists due to their superior sound quality and quick slide movement; one of the company's greatest endorsers was "The Sentimental Gentleman of Swing," Tommy Dorsey. Production of King Concert 3B model trombones started around 1951-53 as a larger version of the King Liberty 2B trombones (originally produced in 1938 as the King Liberty Model no. 2-B). They remained unchanged until the company was sold in 1965. From 1965 to 1985 they were manufactured and sold by King Musical Instruments until the company was sold again to United Musical Instruments (UMI), formerly C.G. Conn and currently Conn-Selmer, Inc
References
Trombones
Karakuyu is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
The FMC Corporation (Fridley Plant) is a United States Environmental Protection Agency Superfund site of in Anoka County, Minnesota, United States, several hundred feet east of the Mississippi River. Solvents, paint sludge, and plating wastes were generated and disposed of in an on-site dump from the 1940s until 1969. Minnesota Pollution Control Agency (MPCA) staff sampled site surface and groundwater in the early 1980s and confirmed that ground and surface water were contaminated by industrial solvents. In the 1980s, solvents from the site were detected in the city of Minneapolis drinking water system intake that is located downgradient of where the FMC site groundwater contaminant plume enters the river.
To address this, the Minneapolis surface water intake was moved further downstream and into the center of the river. Regular sampling of the water from the intake has shown no exceedances of contaminants since the 1980s. Because of the threat posed to Minneapolis drinking water, this site received one of the highest Hazard Ranking System (HRS) scores of all sites on the Superfund National Priorities List (NPL). However, that threat was mitigated by relocating the intake. Cleanup work at the FMC site was initiated in the 1980s, and the groundwater extraction wells that were installed as part of the remedy have been in operation since that time.
Threats and contaminants
FMC site groundwater is contaminated with volatile organic compounds (VOCs) including trichloroethylene (TCE). Soil that was excavated in the 1980s was also contaminated with TCE. The main health risk at the FMC site would be if someone were to use contaminated groundwater as a drinking water supply. TCE believed to be from the site was detected in high concentrations in groundwater wells located near the Mississippi River and is believed to have contributed to the detection of VOCs in the Minneapolis drinking water supply intake in the 1980s. However, the surface water intake was moved further downstream and no exceedences of VOCs have been detected in the intake since that time. In addition, because no private drinking water wells are in the area, no residents are directly exposed to the contaminants in the site groundwater.
Cleanup progress
The soil cleanup at the FMC site and installation of groundwater extraction wells were completed between 1983 and 1987. In addition to storing contaminated soil in an on-site vault, the cleanup also included pumping contaminated groundwater and transporting it to a nearby treatment plant. Routine monitoring of groundwater began in 1987 and continues to this day. Although concentrations of VOCs in groundwater have decreased in most monitoring wells, pumping will continue until cleanup goals have been met.
Because contamination still exists on the site, by law, the remedy must be reviewed every five years to ensure that it is still protective. Five-year reviews were completed by MPCA in 1999, 2004 and 2009. The next review will be conducted in 2014. No issues with the remedy's short-term protectiveness have been identified in any of the five-year reviews. The remedy continues to be protective of public health and the environment.
Property reuse
The site continues to be used as a manufacturing facility operated by BAE Systems. In 2009, BAE installed 16 solar panels on the site to provide electricity. The panels provide 30 percent of the electrical energy for the remediation system on the south side of the site. The amount of energy produced per year would supply enough power for four average sized homes. The use of solar energy at the FMC site prevents 41,000 pounds of carbon dioxide from being produced and emitted into the air.
External links
EPA Factsheet
Superfund sites in Minnesota
Buildings and structures in Anoka County, Minnesota
FMC Corporation
BAE Systems facilities
John Shewchuk is an American technologist and executive. Shewchuk is a Microsoft Technical Fellow, a position which he was chosen for by Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates. He is the Host of the Decoded Show. Shewchuk is the founder of the .NET Services team and he was responsible for creating Azure AD.
Career
In 1993 Shewchuk joined Microsoft as Group Program Manager, and he then served as Software Engineer and Distinguished Engineer. Today he serves as the Head of Commercial Software Engineering team at Microsoft, focusing on building a third-party application ecosystem
Education
Shewchuk received his bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering from Union College and his master's degree in Computer Science from Brown University.
Decoded Show
In 2016 host John Shewchuk and Executive Producer David Mendlen introduced the Decoded Show. The show offers regular insight into developer focused topics with interesting people from the industry. The Decoded Show has hosted speakers including actor Kevin Hart
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
American technology executives
Living people
Microsoft employees
Gharibian, Gharibyan, Garibyan or Garibian (Armenian: Ղարիբյան) is an Armenian surname that may refer to:
Davit Gharibyan (born 1990), Armenian model and actor
Faramarz Gharibian, Iranian actor and director
Gregory Garibian (1924–1991), Armenian physicist
Mamikon Gharibyan (born 2004), Armenian chess player
Armenian-language surnames
South Point Township is a township in southeastern Gaston County, North Carolina, United States. It is represented on the Gaston County Board of Commissioners by Mickey Price of Belmont, who serves as Board Chairman. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 40,484.
Incorporated communities in South Point Township are Belmont, Cramerton, McAdenville, Lowell, southern Mount Holly, and southeastern Gastonia. The township also includes the unincorporated area of Brown Town.
Fire protection in unincorporated areas of the township is provided by Community Volunteer Fire Department (Station 32) in the north, Union Road VFD (Station 51) in the southwest, New Hope VFD (Station 50) in the south-central, and South Point VFD (Station 42) in the southeast.
Most of South Point Township is in the South Point High School attendance district. Students in western parts of the township go to Forestview High School, northwestern parts to Ashbrook High School, and far northern parts to East Gaston High School.
Attractions in southern unincorporated South Point Township include the Daniel Stowe Botanical Garden and Carolina Speedway.
References
Townships in Gaston County, North Carolina
Townships in North Carolina
The Edmonton Sun is a daily newspaper and news website published in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. It is owned by Postmedia following its 2015 acquisition of Sun Media from Quebecor.
It began publishing Sunday April 2, 1978 and shares many characteristics with Sun Media's other tabloids, including an emphasis on local news stories, its conservative editorial stance, extensive sports coverage, and a daily Sunshine Girl. Once each year, the Edmonton Sun prints a special swimsuit edition. Around Christmas time, they print a holiday lingerie edition.
Circulation
The Edmonton Sun has seen like most Canadian daily newspapers a decline in circulation. Its total circulation dropped by percent to 37,649 copies daily from 2009 to 2015.
Daily average
See also
Ottawa Sun
Calgary Sun
Toronto Sun
Winnipeg Sun
List of newspapers in Canada
References
Further reading
External links
Newspapers published in Edmonton
Postmedia Network publications
Publications established in 1978
Daily newspapers published in Alberta
Conservative media in Canada
Jum Hwan Choi (born 9 June 1963) is a South Korean former professional boxer in the Minimumweight and Light flyweight division.
Career history
Choi turned professional in 1983 and in 1986 captured the Vacant IBF Light Flyweight Title with a decision win over Park Cho-woon. He defended the belt three times before losing it to Tacy Macalos in a rematch in 1988. He moved down in weight to beat Napa Kiatwanchai for the Lineal and WBC minimumweight titles the following year, but lost the belt in his first defense to Hideyuki Ohashi by knockout, and retired after the loss.
See also
List of IBF world champions
List of WBC world champions
References
External links
Choi Jum-hwan - CBZ Profile
1963 births
International Boxing Federation champions
Living people
World Boxing Council champions
World flyweight boxing champions
Mini-flyweight boxers
World mini-flyweight boxing champions
South Korean male boxers
Oru Sundariyude Katha is a 1972 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by Thoppil Bhasi and produced by M. Kunchacko. The film stars Prem Nazir, Jayabharathi, KPAC Lalitha and Adoor Bhasi. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan. This was the debut film of actor Nedumudi Venu.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Maadan/Kuttappan
Jayabharathi as Sundari/Lathika
KPAC Lalitha as Pankajakshi
Adoor Bhasi as Unthuvandi Krishnankutty
Manavalan Joseph as Divakaran
Jesey as Georgekutty
Adoor Pankajam as Pachiyakka
Alummoodan as Naanukuttan
K. P. Ummer as Engineer
O. Madhavan
S. P. Pillai as Pappu Shipayi
Beatrice as Kunjamma
Vijayakumari as Kunjiyamma
Mavelikkara Ponnamma as Thankachi
Cherthala Lalika as Contractor's wife
S. Aroor
Kottayam Narayanan
Johnson
Jisha Mol
Mahila Mani
Aaradan
Thoppil Krishnapilla
Nedumudi Venu
Faazil
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan with lyrics by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1972 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Thoppil Bhasi
Oraibi is an impact crater in the Oxia Palus quadrangle of Mars. It was named by the IAU in 1976 after Oraibi, a town of the Hopi in Arizona, United States.
Oraibi lies within the Ares Vallis. The landing site of the Mars Pathfinder lander and Sojourner rover is due north of Oraibi, where Ares Vallis meets Tiu Valles.
References
Impact craters on Mars
Oxia Palus quadrangle
Indian Paintbrush is an American film production company founded in 2006 by businessman Steven M. Rales. It is based in Santa Monica, California. Indian Paintbrush specializes in the production and distribution of mainly comedy-drama and romantic films. Since 2007 with The Darjeeling Limited, Indian Paintbrush has had a production credit for each of filmmaker Wes Anderson's films, including The Grand Budapest Hotel which was nominated at the Academy Awards for Best Picture. Furthermore, Indian Paintbrush has a long-term deal with Searchlight Pictures. Other films produced include Like Crazy, Stoker, Me and Earl and the Dying Girl, and Seeking a Friend for the End of the World.
List of releases
Released films
Upcoming films
References
2006 establishments in California
American companies established in 2006
Companies based in Santa Monica, California
Entertainment companies based in California
Film production companies of the United States
Mass media companies established in 2006
"All the Way Turnt Up" is the first single by rapper Roscoe Dash released from his debut album Ready Set Go!. The song features rapper Soulja Boy and was produced by Vybe Beatz and K.E. on the Track.
Music video
The video features Roscoe Dash and Soulja Boy performing the song alone in some sort of stadium. The song features a skateboarder trying to jump a gap but continuously falling each time, until the end of the video, in which he jumps and clears the gap. Also, the song features the Joseph Wheeler High School basketball team, coming off a loss and needing inspiration.
Original version
The original version was named "Turnt Up", produced by Vybe Beatz / DJD and features Atlanta rap group Travis Porter and rapper YT. This version started the feud of Travis Porter and Roscoe Dash because Travis Porter made Roscoe Dash (ATL was Roscoe Dash's stage name at the time) a featured artist of the song on one of the group's mixtapes in 2009; after finding this out Dash removed the group from the song and re-recorded it with Soulja Boy.
Remixes and other versions
Multiple remixes have been made by different artists, including Machine Gun Kelly, Hodgy Beats, Nappy Boy, Fabolous, Ludacris, and Lupe Fiasco.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
2009 songs
2010 debut singles
Roscoe Dash songs
Soulja Boy songs
Songs written by Soulja Boy
Interscope Records singles
Songs written by Roscoe Dash
Song recordings produced by K.E. on the Track
Ringside is a 1949 American film noir drama sport film directed by Frank McDonald for Lippert Pictures from a story by Daniel B. Ullman, adapted by Ron Ormond.
Plot
Don Barry plays a pianist who turns to boxing to avenge his brother.
Cast
Don 'Red' Barry as Mike O'Hara / King Cobra (as Don Barry)
Tom Brown as Joe O'Hara
Sheila Ryan as Janet' J.L.' Branningan
Margia Dean as Joy White
John Cason as Tiger Johnson
Joseph Crehan as Oscar Brannigan
Lyle Talbot as Radio Announcer
William Edmunds as Prof. Berger
Harry Brown as Fight Manager
Chester Clute as Timid Man
Michael Vallon as Battor (as Mike Vallon)
Edit Angold as Mama Berger
Jimmy Martin Fight Second (as Jimmie Martin)
Sam Flint as Doctor
Frankie Van as Referee
Don Tobey as Fight Announcer
Joey Adams as Duke Hensel
Tony Canzoneri as Swinger Markham
Mark Platt as Gangster
References
External links
Ringside at IMDb
Ringside at BFI
Ringside at Letterbox DVD
1949 films
1940s sports films
American boxing films
1940s English-language films
Films directed by Frank McDonald
American black-and-white films
Lippert Pictures films
1940s American films
Hamburger SV had another mediocre season, finishing in the lower reaches of the mid-table of Bundesliga. Mid-season purchase Bernardo Romeo made his mark immediately at his new club, which somewhat compensated for Sergej Barbarez loss of form. At the end of the season, Hamburg was ten points from both European qualifying and relegation.
Players
First-team squad
Squad at end of season
Left club during season
Competitions
Bundesliga
League table
Matches
Energie Cottbus-Hamburg 1–0
1–0 Vasile Miriuță
Hamburg-Stuttgart 2–0
1–0 Jörg Albertz
2–0 Erik Meijer
1860 Munich-Hamburg 1–1
0–1 Nico-Jan Hoogma
1–1 Paul Agostino
Hamburg-Kaiserslautern 2–3
0–1 Lincoln
0–2 Lincoln
0–3 Jeff Strasser
1–3 Nico-Jan Hoogma
2–3 Erik Meijer
Köln-Hamburg 2–1
0–1 Carsten Cullmann
1–1 Dirk Lottner
2–1 Dirk Lottner
Hamburg-Mönchengladbach 3–3
1–0 Collin Benjamin
2–0 Jörg Albertz
2–1 Markus Münch
2–2 Peter van Houdt
2–3 Marcin Mięciel
3–3 Jörg Albertz
Hamburg-Werder Bremen 0–4
0–1 Aílton
0–2 Marco Bode
0–3 Fabian Ernst
0–4 Paul Stalteri
Nürnberg-Hamburg 0–0
Hamburg-Hertha BSC 4–0
1–0 Sergej Barbarez
2–0 Marcel Ketelaer
3–0 Marcel Ketelaer
4–0 Collin Benjamin
Wolfsburg-Hamburg 0–1
0–1 Nico-Jan Hoogma
Hamburg-Hansa Rostock 0–1
0–1 Markus Beierle
Bavaria Munich-Hamburg 3–0
1–0 Paulo Sérgio
2–0 Claudio Pizarro
3–0 Claudio Pizarro
Hamburg-Schalke 04 0–0
Bayer Leverkusen-Hamburg 4–1
0–1 Jörg Albertz
1–1 Michael Ballack
2–1 Oliver Neuville
3–1 Oliver Neuville
4–1 Oliver Neuville
Hamburg-St. Pauli 4–3
1–0 Erik Meijer
2–0 Milan Fukal
3–0 Collin Benjamin
3–1 Thomas Meggle
4–1 Sergej Barbarez
4–2 André Trulsen
4–3 André Trulsen
Borussia Dortmund-Hamburg 1–0
1–0 Lars Ricken
Hamburg-Freiburg 1–1
1–0 Roy Präger
1–1 Stefan Müller
Hamburg-Energie Cottbus 5–2
0–1 Silvio Schroter
1–1 Roy Präger
2–1 Roy Präger
3–1 Milan Fukal
4–1 Mehdi Mahdavikia
5–1 Sergej Barbarez
5–2 Laurentiu Reghecampf
Stuttgart-Hamburg 3–0
1–0 Ioan Ganea
2–0 Ingo Hertzsch
3–0 Marcelo Bordon
Hamburg-1860 Munich 2–1
1–0 Roy Präger
2–0 Bernardo Romeo
2–1 Markus Weissenberger
Kaiserslautern-Hamburg 2–2
1–0 Mario Basler
1–1 Bernardo Romeo
2–1 Miroslav Klose
2–2 Marek Heinz
Hamburg-Köln 4–0
1–0 Milan Fukal
2–0 Moses Sichone
3–0 Sergej Barbarez
4–0 Bernardo Romeo
Mönchengladbach-Hamburg 2–1
1–0 Peter van Houdt
1–1 Rodolfo Cardoso
2–1 Igor Demo
Werder Bremen-Hamburg 0–1
0–1 Bernardo Romeo
Hamburg-Nürnberg 3–1
1–0 Darius Kampa
2–0 Milan Fukal
2–1 Jacek Krzynówek
3–1 Roda Antar
Hertha BSC-Hamburg 6–0
1–0 Michael Preetz
2–0 Bart Goor
3–0 Marcelinho
4–0 Bart Goor
5–0 Bart Goor
6–0 Bart Goor
Hamburg-Wolfsburg 1–1
0–1 Diego Klimowicz
1–1 Sergej Barbarez
Hansa Rostock-Hamburg 1–1
1–0 Andreas Jakobsson
1–1 Sergej Barbarez
Hamburg-Bayern Munich 0–0
Schalke 04-Hamburg 2–0
1–0 Émile Mpenza
2–0 Ebbe Sand
Hamburg-Bayer Leverkusen 1–1
1–0 Sergej Barbarez
1–1 Oliver Neuville
St. Pauli-Hamburg 0–4
0–1 Bernardo Romeo
0–2 Martin Groth
0–3 Nico-Jan Hoogma
0–4 Bernardo Romeo
Hamburg-Borussia Dortmund 3–4
0–1 Márcio Amoroso
0–2 Tomáš Rosický
1–2 Raphaël Wicky
1–3 Márcio Amoroso
2–3 Nico-Jan Hoogma
2–4 Jan Koller
3–4 Erik Meijer
Freiburg-Hamburg 4–3
0–1 Rodolfo Cardoso
1–1 Milan Fukal
2–1 Soumaila Coulibaly
2–2 Bernardo Romeo
2–3 Bernardo Romeo
3–3 Soumaila Coulibaly
4–3 Soumaila Coulibaly
Statistics
Topscorers
Bernardo Romeo 8
Sergej Barbarez 7
Erik Meijer 4
Jörg Albertz 4
Nico-Jan Hoogma 4
Sources
Hamburg – Soccerbase.com
References
Notes
Hamburger SV seasons
Hamburg
Sazak is a village in the Yeşilova district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Yeşilova District
Anar Gabil oghlu Karimov (, 3 June 1977) is an Azerbaijani politician who currently serves as Minister of Culture of the Republic of Azerbaijan.
Biography
Anar Karimov was born on June 3, 1977 in Fuzuli District. In 1998 he received his bachelor's degree in the Arabic language and philology from the Faculty of Oriental Studies of Baku State University, and in 2003 he received his master's degree in international relations and diplomacy from the Faculty of International Relations of Academy of Public Administration under the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan. He attended diplomatic courses in Iraq (Al-Mustansiriya University), Egypt (Institute of Diplomatic Studies), Austria (Diplomatic Academy of Vienna), Italy (International Institute of Humanitarian Law) and Poland (International Committee of the Red Cross) and other countries.
He speaks Arabic, Russian, English and French. He is married and has three children.
Political career
Anar Karimov began his diplomatic career in 2000 as attaché and third secretary in the Department of Human Rights, Democratization and Humanitarian Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Azerbaijan. From 2004 to 2008 he worked as the third and second secretary of the Embassy of the Republic of Azerbaijan in the Kingdom of Belgium and the Representation to the European Union. From 2008 to 2009, he served as First Secretary of the Department of Humanitarian and Social Issues of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Azerbaijan. In 2010-2014, he worked as consultant and chargé d'Affaires to the Permanent Representation of the Republic of Azerbaijan to UNESCO.
On May 23, 2014, by orders of President of the Republic of Azerbaijan, Anar Karimov was awarded the diplomatic rank of Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary and he was appointed Permanent Delegate of the Republic of Azerbaijan to UNESCO.
On July 9, 2019, Anar Karimov was awarded the diplomatic rank of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary. On July 20, 2020, by orders of the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan, Anar Karimov was appointed First Deputy and Acting Minister of Culture of Azerbaijan. On January 5, 2021, he was appointed Minister of Culture of Azerbaijan.
Awards
3rd degree "For service to the Fatherland" Order — 1 August 2019
References
Baku State University alumni
Academy of Public Administration (Azerbaijan) alumni
1977 births
Azerbaijani diplomats
Azerbaijani politicians
Living people
People from Fuzuli District
Statistics of Guam League in the 2001 season.
Overview
Staywell Zoom won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Guam Soccer League seasons
Guam
Guam
football
Joan Morales Feliciano (born 8 December 1988) is a Puerto Rican international footballer who plays for Sevilla PR, as a defender.
Career
Morales has played club football for Bayamón and Sevilla PR.
He made his international debut for Puerto Rico in 2010.
References
1988 births
Living people
People from Santurce, Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican footballers
Puerto Rico international footballers
Sevilla FC Puerto Rico players
USL Championship players
Association football defenders
The Burlsworth Trophy is an award given annually to the most outstanding FBS college football player who began his career as a walk-on. The Trophy is a program of the Brandon Burlsworth Foundation.
The award, first awarded for the 2010 season, is named for Brandon Burlsworth, who walked on to the University of Arkansas football program in 1994 and ultimately became an All-American. Selected by the Indianapolis Colts in the third round of the 1999 NFL draft, he was killed in a car accident shortly after the draft.
The trophy was sculpted and produced by Raymond Gibby of Nobility Bronze in Pea Ridge, Arkansas.
On October 28, 2019, the Burlsworth Trophy became a member of the National College Football Awards Association (NCFAA). It joins the Broyles Award as the only members of the NCFAA originating in Arkansas.
Winners and finalists
References
External links
Burlsworth Trophy.com
Nobility Bronze (Sculptor of the Burlsworth Trophy)
College football national player awards
Awards established in 2010
Springdale, Arkansas
The SIAI S.21 was an Italian racing flying boat built by SIAI for the 1921 Schneider Trophy race.
Design and development
The S.21 was a single-seat biplane flying boat with its upper wing being of shorter span that its lower wing. Its Ansaldo San Giorgio 4E-14 engine was mounted on struts above its hull and below its upper wing and drove a four-bladed pusher propeller. Small stabilizer floats were mounted beneath the lower wing on each side.
Operational history
During test flights, the S.21 proved extremely difficult to control, and the only pilot who had success with it was Guido Jannello, who had already made an impression at the 1918 Schneider Trophy, in a Savoia S.13. When Jannello fell ill at the time of the 1921 Schneider Trophy race and was unable to pilot it, the S.21 was withdrawn from the race.
Popular culture
In the Japanese animated film Porco Rosso, the main protagonist's plane is referred to as a Savoia S.21. However, it is patterned after this plane and does not closely resemble the real S.21, and more closely resembles the Macchi M.33.
Operators
Specifications
See also
Notes
References
Aviation: SIAI racing seaplanes
1920s Italian sport aircraft
S.21
Flying boats
Schneider Trophy
Biplanes
Single-engined pusher aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1921
Philip Schuyler Van Rensselaer (April 15, 1767 – September 25, 1824) was the mayor of Albany, New York on two occasions. He has the third longest tenure of service by an Albany Mayor, after Erastus Corning 2nd and Gerald Jennings.
Life and career
Philip S. Van Rensselaer was born in Albany on April 15, 1767. A son of Stephen Van Rensselaer II (1742–1769) and Catharina (or Catharine) Livingston (1745–1810), he was raised and educated at Van Rensselaer Manor. After his father's death his mother married Eilardus Westerlo (1738–1790), a member of another prominent Albany area family.
He was the brother of Stephen Van Rensselaer III (1764–1839) and the grandson of Philip Livingston (1716–1778). Abraham Ten Broeck (1734–1810) was his uncle. Rensselaer Westerlo (1776–1851) was his half-brother.
Career
As an adult, Van Rensselaer lived in Albany and became a successful businessman and banker. Among his activities, he was the President of the Bank of Albany, a Trustee of Union College, and a founder of The Albany Academy. He owned several warehouses, extensive land along Albany's Hudson River waterfront, and flour and plaster mills on the Normans Kill at the Bethlehem town line. His mills were destroyed by fire in 1820.
In 1793 Van Rensselaer became an Alderman. He served as Mayor from 1799 to 1816, and was succeeded by Elisha Jenkins. Van Rensselaer returned to office from 1819 to 1820, and was succeeded by Charles E. Dudley.
During his time as Mayor, a permanent New York State Capitol building was constructed just in front of the current one, and Van Rensselaer laid the cornerstone. During his term, Robert Fulton's steamboat Clermont arrived in Albany at the end of its first voyage, and Schenectady County was created from a portion of Albany County.
Van Rensselaer was active as a Freemason, and served as New York's Grand Master from 1793 to 1795.
Personal life
In 1787, he married Anne De Peyster Van Cortlandt (1766–1855), a distant cousin through the Schuyler family, daughter of Pierre Van Cortlandt, descendant of Mayor of New York City Stephanus Van Cortlandt, and sister of Philip Van Cortlandt and Pierre Van Cortlandt, Jr. They had no children.
He died in Albany on September 25, 1824. He was buried at Van Rensselaer Manor, and was later reinterred at Albany Rural Cemetery.
References
External links
Hudson-Mohawk Genealogical and Family Memoirs: Van Rensselaer
A Guide to the Papers of Angelica Schuyler Church – University of Virginia Library
1767 births
1824 deaths
Philip S.
Livingston family
Schuyler family
Van Cortlandt family
American Freemasons
American bank presidents
18th-century American businesspeople
19th-century American businesspeople
Mayors of Albany, New York
Burials at Albany Rural Cemetery
Manolis Bolakis (; born 20 October 1994) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Gamma Ethniki club Atsalenios.
Honours
OFI
Football League: 2017–18
References
1994 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greece under-21 international footballers
Greece youth international footballers
Super League Greece players
Football League (Greece) players
OFI Crete F.C. players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Heraklion
Mrs. Thomas Gage is a 1771 oil painting on canvas by John Singleton Copley.
The portrait depicts Margaret Kemble Gage, the American-born wife of the British General Thomas Gage, commander-in-chief of the British forces in North America. It was executed in New York during a six-month stay there by Bostonian Copley.
References
1771 paintings
Paintings by John Singleton Copley
Paintings in the collection of the Timken Museum of Art
Paintings of people
Decorations Act 1975 is a law enacted in April 1975 by the Parliament of Pakistan. It allows government, in particular president to confer, withdraw, postpone or announce civil and gallantry awards for Pakistani and foreign citizens. It also allows president to discontinue active awards, to restore discontinued awards or to establish new decorations through prime minister's office.
It is particularly aimed at to decide the eligibility criteria to confer awards in various fields such as art, literature, academic activities, sports, philosophy, public service or history. It also seeks to recognize the contribution of citizens or foreign nationals to the national interest of Pakistan or other private or public endeavors.
Purpose
no person may discontinue, establish or confer civil and gallantry awards without president's order.
no Pakistani citizen may accept foreign awards, including medal, title, bar or honor without approval of federal government.
any government decision regarding the awards shall be published in the official gazette of Pakistan.
president may confer civil and gallantry awards posthumously.
Penalty
a person who violate the provisions of Decorations act may be punished with an amount of up to PKR20,000.
a Pakistani citizen who accept foreign awards offered by a sovereign state without approval of the federal government of Pakistan may be convinced for practicing such efforts.
See also
Constitution of Pakistan
References
Government documents of Pakistan
Acts of the Parliament of Pakistan
1975 establishments in Pakistan
Desisa lateplagiata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938.
References
Desisa
Beetles described in 1938
Paskin is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
John Paskin (born 1962), South African footballer
Marc Paskin (born 1949), American businessman and television personality
See also
Laskin
Paskins
Raskin
A teleside converter (also known as a telephoto conversion lens or a front mount teleconverter) is a secondary lens which is mounted on the front of a photographic lens to increase the effective focal length of the lens they are attached to. They are used on cameras and video cameras with non–interchangeable lenses to increase the magnification of the image. Their design is usually that of an afocal Galilean telescope that alters the width of the entering beam of light without affecting the divergence of the beam, so they can change the effective focal length 1 to 3 times without increasing focal ratio. The downside to teleside converters is they will vignette the image on the wide angle setting if used on a zoom lens. Minimum Focal Length without vignetting will increase inline with higher power of the teleside converter. Before vignetting appears (four black corners), light fall-off will appear first and in general shooting this light fall-off may not be noticeable. The other concern is Minimum Working Distance, so the teleside converter cannot be used below minimum working distance and it depends on both the camera and the teleside converter being used.
These types of lenses are used on cameras which lack the facility to change the primary lens and therefore cannot accept a standard rear mount teleconverter, such as consumer and "prosumer" video cameras and camcorders, bridge cameras, point-and-shoot cameras and some older consumer medium format cameras. Some camera models have specifically designed teleside converters. Since teleside converters are afocal they can be mounted universally on almost any camera lens via adapter rings designed to fit the filter ring of the camera's primary lens.
See also
Secondary lens
Teleconverter
Convertible lens
References
Scientific photography and applied imaging By Sidney F. Ray, page 492
External links
safari-guide.co.uk - Telephoto Conversion Lenses for Bridge Cameras
Photographic lenses
Radio Contact Ostbelgien Now is a German language version of the French speaking radio station Radio Contact broadcasting to the German-speaking Community of Belgium.
History
Started in 1981 as a Radio Hermann in Raeren near a train station in an improvised studio in an attic for the first few months.
Soon after the station moved to Eupen and was renamed to "Radio Aktivität". Under this name the station developed and fairly quickly became the largest and most popular local radio station of the German Community.
In 1987 its first "real" commercial was aired. In collaboration with the Grenz-Echo, in 1986 it launched local news, which were quickly supplemented by World news. After the radio landscape developed rapidly in eastern Belgium in the early 90s, Radio Aktivität decided to look for a strong partner, and so in November 1995 Radio Contact Eupen was born. Completely independent broadcast from the Aachener Strasse in Eupen from the German-speaking produced program one of the most successful Belgian commercial broadcaster.
In December 2000, the corporation Cobel D was created, which produces the German-language program of Radio Contact Eupen. Since May 2002, the station can also be heard in the south of the German-speaking Community.
Today Radio Contact Ostbelgien Now, is one of the most listened private ward throughout the German-speaking community.
Studio
"Studio 2" and not "Studio 1" is: There is for everything a logical explanation:
Studio 1 is the production studio. It was as if it did not exist Studio 2 once long, long ago, there was Studio 1 broadcast studio.
As the size of the station grew it then moved from Studio 2 to go ON AIR.
Technology
It has a digital archive are nearly 12,000 titles. The "best mix" consists of approximately 1,900 titles that are exchanged regularly.
Most of the music is from the 80's and 90's. In addition, of course, the hits from 2000 and many current titles.
Everything that goes ON AIR comes from a hard disk. Only the CD of the week is actually a CD.
Broadcasts are all managed by the presenters themselves, that there is no technician. Since 2019, Grenz-Echo holds 51% of the shares of Radio Contact Ostbelgien Now.
Radio stations in Belgium
Radio stations established in 1995
Joe Martin Field is a baseball park in the northwest United States, located in Bellingham, Washington. It was a minor league ballpark in the Class A-Short Season Northwest League for 24 seasons, from 1973 through 1996.
The ballpark hosted three different NWL teams. The Bellingham Dodgers arrived in 1973 and stayed for four seasons. They were replaced in 1977 by the most well-known tenant, the Bellingham Mariners (or "Baby M's"), who played from 1977 through 1994 and gave big-league Mariners fans a glimpse of the future with players like Ken Griffey Jr., Edgar Martínez, Dave Henderson, and Dave Valle. After 18 seasons and four league championships, the Mariners moved their NWL ballclub closer to Seattle at Everett. The San Francisco Giants brought their affiliate to town where they played for two years (1995–96), then moved south to Oregon and became the Salem-Keizer Volcanoes in 1997.
In 1999, it became the home of the Bellingham Bells of the Pacific International League (PIL). The Bells played in the PIL for six years. In 2005, the team chose to become one of the founding franchises of the West Coast Collegiate Baseball League. Today, the league was later renamed the West Coast League and features some of the finest collegiate players in the country. Each summer the Bells play around 30 home games at Joe Martin Field as part of their WCL schedule which features teams from Washington, Oregon, and British Columbia. In 2014, the natural grass playing surface was replaced with synthetic FieldTurf; the renovation cost about $1.44 million and was completed in March 2015.
The field has an unorthodox southwest alignment (home plate to center field); the recommended alignment is east-northeast, nearly opposite. Its elevation is approximately above sea level.
People that played at Joe Martin Field
References
External links
Bellingham Bells
Buildings and structures in Bellingham, Washington
1964 establishments in Washington (state)
Baseball venues in Washington (state)
The unified system of education in the Second Polish Republic was attempted in 1920, later superseded by the Jędrzejewicz reform, named after Janusz Jędrzejewicz, approved by the Sejm in 1932. The resulting system was in force essentially until 1948, when it was superseded by the Communist system of education in the Polish People's Republic. The Jędrzejewicz reform received controversial recognition. On one hand, it introduced compulsory education and unified credentials of various schools at their relative educational levels. On the other hand, it introduced a considerable degree of interference of the state into issues of academic freedom.
Background
At the moment of the regaining of the independence by Poland in 1918 and the establishment of the Second Polish Republic, its system of education was in disarray, mainly due to more than a century of partitions of Poland by Austria-Hungary, the German, and the Russian Empires.
Jędrzejewicz reform
The education reform was approved by the Sejm on March 11, 1932 On March 15, 1933 the reform was extended to encompass the higher education.
References
History of education in Poland
Second Polish Republic
Salın is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
The Pacific Islands Leaders Meeting (PALM) is a forum between the government of Japan and leaders in the Pacific Islands region. The Pacific Island Leaders Meeting was established by Japan in 1997 in order to facilitate and strengthen relations with the leaders of the nations of the Pacific Islands Forum. Since its foundation, PALM has become an important venue of dialogue between Japan and Pacific Island nations for important issues such as development aid and climate change.
PALM meetings
There have been five PALM meetings since the forum's founding - 1997, 2000, 2003, 2006 and 2009. The first meeting took place in Tokyo in 1997, while the most recent forum met in Hokkaido, Japan in May 2009.
PALM 4
At the meeting of the fourth forum Pacific Island Leaders Meeting (PALM 4) in 2006, Japanese and Pacific leaders adopted the Okinawa Partnership. Under the Okinawa Partnership, Japan agreed to increase its commitment to the development of Pacific Island Forum countries.
PALM 5
The 5th forum of the Pacific Island Leaders Meeting (PALM 5) took place between May 22–23, 2009, in Hokkaido. The meeting was jointly co-chaired by then Prime Minister of Japan Taro Aso and the Premier of Niue Toke Talagi, who was also the chairman of the Pacific Islands Forum at the time.
The 2009 PALM summit was divided into three main themes or objectives.
The first theme was entitled, "Eco-friendly: creating a Pacific Environmental Community," which addressed the issues concerning the environment and climate change.
The second theme was called "Rich: Overcoming vulnerabilities and promoting human security." This objective discussed what are known as human security issues, including health, water supply, and education in the small island states of the Pacific. The main focus of this discussion was to build the capacity of these resources. Japan planned to discuss its efforts to alleviate the impact of the Global financial crisis of 2008–2009 on the Pacific island nations.
The third theme was called "We are Islanders: People to People exchange." This theme's objective was to strengthen cultural exchanges of people between Japan and the Pacific Islands in a way that would benefit both sides strategically.
Fiji, which is under a military dictatorship, was invited to the 2009 PALM forum. However, Commander Frank Bainimarama, the leader of the 2006 coup, was not invited to the meeting.
PALM 6
The sixth forum of the Pacific Island Leaders Meeting (PALM 6) will take place between May 25–26, 2012.
References
External links
Pacific Leaders call on Japan for leadership in Water and Sanitation
Yokwe: Participants for the Fifth Pacific Islands Leaders Meeting
PIF Leaders meet on Japan's northern island of Hokkaido for PALM5
Politics of Oceania
Japan–Oceania relations
Foreign relations of Japan
Pacific Islands Forum
Foreign relations of Australia
Foreign relations of the Cook Islands
Foreign relations of Fiji
Foreign relations of the Federated States of Micronesia
Foreign relations of Kiribati
Foreign relations of the Marshall Islands
Foreign relations of Nauru
Foreign relations of New Zealand
New Zealand–Pacific relations
Foreign relations of Niue
Foreign relations of Palau
Foreign relations of Papua New Guinea
Foreign relations of Samoa
Foreign relations of the Solomon Islands
Foreign relations of Tonga
Foreign relations of Tuvalu
Foreign relations of Vanuatu
Australia–Japan relations
Cook Islands–Japan relations
Fiji–Japan relations
Japan–Federated States of Micronesia relations
Japan–Kiribati relations
Japan–Marshall Islands relations
Japan–Nauru relations
Japan–New Zealand relations
Japan–Niue relations
Japan–Palau relations
Japan–Papua New Guinea relations
Japan–Samoa relations
Japan–Solomon Islands relations
Japan–Tonga relations
Japan–Tuvalu relations
Japan–Vanuatu relations
Intergovernmental organizations
Organizations established in 1997
Charles George Werner (March 23, 1909 – July 1, 1997) was an American editorial cartoonist who won a Pulitzer Prize in 1939 and later worked 47 years for the Indianapolis Star.
Biography
Charles Werner was born on March 23, 1909, in Marshfield, Wisconsin. Werner attended Oklahoma City University with no formal training in art. From 1930 until 1935 he worked as staff artist and photographer for Springfield, Missouri's Leader and Press. Werner joined the Daily Oklahoman in 1935, eventually becoming editorial cartoonist in 1937.
Werner left the Oklahoman for a job as Chief Editorial Cartoonist at the Chicago Sun in 1941. However he left the Sun for the Indianapolis Star in 1947 and worked there until his retirement in 1994. In 1959 he also served as the president of the Association of American Editorial Cartoonists.
In his nearly 60-year career, Werner's work garnered interest from several U.S. Presidents. In 1965 Lyndon B. Johnson requested over a dozen original cartoons for his personal collection.
Former President Harry Truman also requested an original cartoon from Werner for his presidential library. Charles Werner died on July 1, 1997, from cancer.
Awards
Werner won the Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Cartooning in 1939. The winning cartoon was published in the Daily Oklahoman on October 6, 1938. Titled "Nomination for 1938", it depicted the Munich Agreement which provided for the transfer of Sudetenland to Hitler's Germany. At 29 years old, Werner was the youngest person to win the Pulitzer for Editorial Cartooning.
Werner also received the Sigma Delta Chi Award for excellence in journalism in 1943, and seven Freedom Foundation Awards (1951–1963). During the 1969 International Salon of Cartoons in Montreal, Werner won an award as one of the world's six best cartoonists.
References
External links
Charles Werner Papers (1938–1966) at Syracuse University (primary source material).
1909 births
1997 deaths
American editorial cartoonists
People from Marshfield, Wisconsin
Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Cartooning winners
Aşağıçanlı is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Statistics of Swedish football Division 1 in season 1991.
Spring
Norra
Östra
Västra
Södra
Autumn
Kvalsvenskan
Norra
Östra
Västra
Södra
Footnotes
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
1991
2
Sweden
Sweden
Kreishauptmannschaft Bautzen was a Kreishauptmannschaft or administrative district in the Kingdom of Saxony. It was founded in 1835 and continued under the Free State of Saxony until abolished in 1934.
Kreishauptmannschaft Bautzen issued the Roman numeral I to road vehicles licensed there. In 1906 the Saoxon authorities refused to add additional letters, in line with vehicle licensing reforms introduced in line with the rest of the German Empire.
References
Kreishauptmannschaft
Ice Cream Man is a comic series that premiered in 2018 from Image Comics.
Premise
The series is a horror anthology of loosely connected stories that all share the common link of a mysterious ice cream man named Rick (revealed to be Riccardus) who while a seemingly ordinary Ice Cream Man possesses inexplicable powers which he uses upon unsuspecting people. Rick's nemesis Caleb, a man dressed in an all black cowboy outfit, will sporadically appear in the series trying to thwart Rick's plans sometimes successfully and sometimes unsuccessfully.
Reception
Since its debut the series has received positive reviews. On the review aggregator, Comic Book Roundup, the series averaged a rating of 8.5 out of 10 based on a sample of 150 critics.
Adaptation
In October 2018, it was announced an adaptation of the series was in development at Universal Cable Productions. In February 2020, it was announced the series had been picked up by mobile streaming platform Quibi. With Quibi's shut down in December 2020, the fate of the series was mostly undetermined. However, in January of 2021 W. Maxwell Prince mentioned that the series is still in production.
References
2018 comics debuts
Image Comics titles
Horror anthology films
Roland Blain (June 30, 1934 - July 18, 2005) was a Haitian painter. A Port-au-Prince native, Blain typically painted nature scenes—jungles, animals, exotic birds, and landscapes. He died in Brooklyn, New York in 2005.
References
1934 births
2005 deaths
Haitian painters
Haitian male painters
Camponotus pennsylvanicus, or the black carpenter ant, is one of the largest and most common species of carpenter ant native to the central and eastern United States as well as eastern Canada.
Description
C. pennsylvanicus can be distinguished from other carpenter ant species by the dull black color of the head and body, and by whitish or yellowish hairs on the abdomen. All castes of this species (including the major and minor workers, queens and males) are black or blackish. Black carpenter ants are polymorphic, workers can be in different sizes. The queens can reach a length of 19–21 mm and the largest workers (super majors) can achieve similar sizes of around 14–17 mm . They, along with several other Camponotus species, are among the largest species of ant in North America. As with all ants, the antennae are geniculate (elbowed). Workers usually have 12 antenna segments. Alates typically have yellowish wings.
Behavior
Black carpenter ants are known to forage up to 100 yd (91 m) in search of food, establishing chemical (pheromone) trails as they forage. Nests can contain thousands of individuals, and such large nests may be noticed by the audible cracking sound the workers produce. The black carpenter ant cannot
sting, but the larger workers can administer a sharp bite, which can become further irritated by
the spraying of formic acid onto the wound. Workers tend aphids, with the smaller workers collecting honeydew and transferring it to larger workers that carry it back to the nest. In addition, foragers feed on dead insects and plant juices.
Range
The black carpenter ants range is almost everywhere east of the Rocky Mountains in woodlands, forest edges, and suburban communities.
Control measures
In their natural environment, carpenter ants nest in dead trees and other dead wood. This enhances decay, which has ecological benefits. However, the ant achieves pest status when a colony invades the wood of a house or other structure, damaging its structural integrity.
Since they favor moist wood as a habitat, any condition that promotes moisture should be eliminated to prevent infestation. The easiest of these is keeping gutters clear so water does not run down the side of the structure or gain entry. Moist wood is much easier to chew. The ants do not eat the wood, but remove it to create galleries for their activities. The galleries run parallel to the grain, as they are created in the softer, non-aligning portions of the timber. The galleries have a sandpaper-like feel, due to fecal remnants, but the mud tubes produced by termites will not be present.
References
External links
Camponotus
Household pest insects
Insects described in 1773
Insects of the United States
Insects of Canada
In mathematics, an eigenfunction of a linear operator D defined on some function space is any non-zero function in that space that, when acted upon by D, is only multiplied by some scaling factor called an eigenvalue. As an equation, this condition can be written as
for some scalar eigenvalue The solutions to this equation may also be subject to boundary conditions that limit the allowable eigenvalues and eigenfunctions.
An eigenfunction is a type of eigenvector.
Eigenfunctions
In general, an eigenvector of a linear operator D defined on some vector space is a nonzero vector in the domain of D that, when D acts upon it, is simply scaled by some scalar value called an eigenvalue. In the special case where D is defined on a function space, the eigenvectors are referred to as eigenfunctions. That is, a function f is an eigenfunction of D if it satisfies the equation
where λ is a scalar. The solutions to Equation may also be subject to boundary conditions. Because of the boundary conditions, the possible values of λ are generally limited, for example to a discrete set λ1, λ2, … or to a continuous set over some range. The set of all possible eigenvalues of D is sometimes called its spectrum, which may be discrete, continuous, or a combination of both.
Each value of λ corresponds to one or more eigenfunctions. If multiple linearly independent eigenfunctions have the same eigenvalue, the eigenvalue is said to be degenerate and the maximum number of linearly independent eigenfunctions associated with the same eigenvalue is the eigenvalue's degree of degeneracy or geometric multiplicity.
Derivative example
A widely used class of linear operators acting on infinite dimensional spaces are differential operators on the space C∞ of infinitely differentiable real or complex functions of a real or complex argument t. For example, consider the derivative operator with eigenvalue equation
This differential equation can be solved by multiplying both sides by and integrating. Its solution, the exponential function
is the eigenfunction of the derivative operator, where f0 is a parameter that depends on the boundary conditions. Note that in this case the eigenfunction is itself a function of its associated eigenvalue λ, which can take any real or complex value. In particular, note that for λ = 0 the eigenfunction f(t) is a constant.
Suppose in the example that f(t) is subject to the boundary conditions f(0) = 1 and . We then find that
where λ = 2 is the only eigenvalue of the differential equation that also satisfies the boundary condition.
Link to eigenvalues and eigenvectors of matrices
Eigenfunctions can be expressed as column vectors and linear operators can be expressed as matrices, although they may have infinite dimensions. As a result, many of the concepts related to eigenvectors of matrices carry over to the study of eigenfunctions.
Define the inner product in the function space on which D is defined as
integrated over some range of interest for t called Ω. The * denotes the complex conjugate.
Suppose the function space has an orthonormal basis given by the set of functions {u1(t), u2(t), …, un(t)}, where n may be infinite. For the orthonormal basis,
where δij is the Kronecker delta and can be thought of as the elements of the identity matrix.
Functions can be written as a linear combination of the basis functions,
for example through a Fourier expansion of f(t). The coefficients bj can be stacked into an n by 1 column vector . In some special cases, such as the coefficients of the Fourier series of a sinusoidal function, this column vector has finite dimension.
Additionally, define a matrix representation of the linear operator D with elements
We can write the function Df(t) either as a linear combination of the basis functions or as D acting upon the expansion of f(t),
Taking the inner product of each side of this equation with an arbitrary basis function ui(t),
This is the matrix multiplication Ab = c written in summation notation and is a matrix equivalent of the operator D acting upon the function f(t) expressed in the orthonormal basis. If f(t) is an eigenfunction of D with eigenvalue λ, then Ab = λb.
Eigenvalues and eigenfunctions of Hermitian operators
Many of the operators encountered in physics are Hermitian. Suppose the linear operator D acts on a function space that is a Hilbert space with an orthonormal basis given by the set of functions {u1(t), u2(t), …, un(t)}, where n may be infinite. In this basis, the operator D has a matrix representation A with elements
integrated over some range of interest for t denoted Ω.
By analogy with Hermitian matrices, D is a Hermitian operator if Aij = Aji*, or:
Consider the Hermitian operator D with eigenvalues λ1, λ2, … and corresponding eigenfunctions f1(t), f2(t), …. This Hermitian operator has the following properties:
Its eigenvalues are real, λi = λi*
Its eigenfunctions obey an orthogonality condition, if i ≠ j
The second condition always holds for λi ≠ λj. For degenerate eigenfunctions with the same eigenvalue λi, orthogonal eigenfunctions can always be chosen that span the eigenspace associated with λi, for example by using the Gram-Schmidt process. Depending on whether the spectrum is discrete or continuous, the eigenfunctions can be normalized by setting the inner product of the eigenfunctions equal to either a Kronecker delta or a Dirac delta function, respectively.
For many Hermitian operators, notably Sturm–Liouville operators, a third property is
Its eigenfunctions form a basis of the function space on which the operator is defined
As a consequence, in many important cases, the eigenfunctions of the Hermitian operator form an orthonormal basis. In these cases, an arbitrary function can be expressed as a linear combination of the eigenfunctions of the Hermitian operator.
Applications
Vibrating strings
Let denote the transverse displacement of a stressed elastic chord, such as the vibrating strings of a string instrument, as a function of the position along the string and of time . Applying the laws of mechanics to infinitesimal portions of the string, the function satisfies the partial differential equation
which is called the (one-dimensional) wave equation. Here is a constant speed that depends on the tension and mass of the string.
This problem is amenable to the method of separation of variables. If we assume that can be written as the product of the form , we can form a pair of ordinary differential equations:
Each of these is an eigenvalue equation with eigenvalues and , respectively. For any values of and , the equations are satisfied by the functions
where the phase angles and are arbitrary real constants.
If we impose boundary conditions, for example that the ends of the string are fixed at and , namely , and that , we constrain the eigenvalues. For these boundary conditions, and , so the phase angles , and
This last boundary condition constrains to take a value , where is any integer. Thus, the clamped string supports a family of standing waves of the form
In the example of a string instrument, the frequency is the frequency of the -th harmonic, which is called the -th overtone.
Schrödinger equation
In quantum mechanics, the Schrödinger equation
with the Hamiltonian operator
can be solved by separation of variables if the Hamiltonian does not depend explicitly on time. In that case, the wave function leads to the two differential equations,
Both of these differential equations are eigenvalue equations with eigenvalue . As shown in an earlier example, the solution of Equation is the exponential
Equation is the time-independent Schrödinger equation. The eigenfunctions of the Hamiltonian operator are stationary states of the quantum mechanical system, each with a corresponding energy . They represent allowable energy states of the system and may be constrained by boundary conditions.
The Hamiltonian operator is an example of a Hermitian operator whose eigenfunctions form an orthonormal basis. When the Hamiltonian does not depend explicitly on time, general solutions of the Schrödinger equation are linear combinations of the stationary states multiplied by the oscillatory , or, for a system with a continuous spectrum,
The success of the Schrödinger equation in explaining the spectral characteristics of hydrogen is considered one of the greatest triumphs of 20th century physics.
Signals and systems
In the study of signals and systems, an eigenfunction of a system is a signal that, when input into the system, produces a response , where is a complex scalar eigenvalue.
See also
Eigenvalues and eigenvectors
Hilbert–Schmidt theorem
Spectral theory of ordinary differential equations
Fixed point combinator
Fourier transform eigenfunctions
Notes
Citations
Works cited
(Volume 2: )
External links
More images (non-GPL) at Atom in a Box
Functional analysis
Berget is a surname. Notable people with the name include:
Given name
Berget Lewis, Dutch singer part of the Dutch formation Ladies of Soul
Middle name
Ragna Berget Jørgensen (born 1941), Norwegian politician
Aksel Berget Skjølsvik (born 1987), Norwegian footballer
Surname
David Berget (born 1988), Norwegian film director and screenwriter
Jo Inge Berget (born 1990). Norwegian footballer
Stian Berget (born 1977), Norwegian footballer
is a passenger railway station in located in the city of Kyōtango, Kyoto Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway company Willer Trains (Kyoto Tango Railway).
Lines
Kyōtango-Ōmiya Station is a station of the Miyazu Line, and is located 42.7 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Nishi-Maizuru Station.
Station layout
The station has two opposed ground-level side platforms connected to the station building by a level crossing. The station is unattended.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
The station was opened on November 3, 1925 as . On May 24, 1963 it was renamed , and renamed again to its present name on March 31, 2015.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2018, the station was used by an average of 140 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Kyotango City Omiya Government Building
JA Kyoto Omiya Branch
Ono Castle Ruins
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Official home page
Railway stations in Kyoto Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1925
Kyōtango
The canton of Argentat-sur-Dordogne (before March 2020: Argentat) is an administrative division situated in the Corrèze département and in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of France. Since the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015, the communes of the canton of Argentat are:
Albussac
Altillac
Argentat-sur-Dordogne
Auriac
Bassignac-le-Bas
Bassignac-le-Haut
Camps-Saint-Mathurin-Léobazel
La Chapelle-Saint-Géraud
Darazac
Forgès
Goulles
Hautefage
Mercœur
Monceaux-sur-Dordogne
Neuville
Reygade
Rilhac-Xaintrie
Saint-Bonnet-Elvert
Saint-Bonnet-les-Tours-de-Merle
Saint-Chamant
Saint-Cirgues-la-Loutre
Saint-Geniez-ô-Merle
Saint-Hilaire-Taurieux
Saint-Julien-aux-Bois
Saint-Julien-le-Pèlerin
Saint-Martial-Entraygues
Saint-Privat
Saint-Sylvain
Servières-le-Château
Sexcles
Demographics
See also
Cantons of the Corrèze department
References
Cantons of Corrèze
Sir Vivyan (or Vyvian) Edward Naylor-Leyland, 3rd Baronet (1924-1987) was a British aristocrat and banker.
Biography
Early life
Vivian Edward Naylor-Leyland was born on 5 March 1924. His father was Sir Albert Naylor-Leyland, 2nd Baronet (1890-1952) and his mother, Marguerite de Belabre. His paternal grandfather was Sir Herbert Scarisbrick Naylor-Leyland, 1st Baronet (1864–1899), who served as Member of Parliament for Colchester from 1892 to 1895 and for Southport from 1898 to 1899. He grew up at his paternal family residence of Nantclwyd Hall, a Grade II listed mansion in Llanelidan, Denbighshire, Wales.
He was educated at Eton College, a private boarding school in Eton, Berkshire. He graduated from Christ Church, Oxford, a constituent college of the University of Oxford, and the Royal Agricultural University in Cirencester, Gloucestershire.
Career
He served in the Grenadier Guards of the British Army, becoming Lieutenant.
Later, he made a fortune as a banker in Liverpool.
On 23 September 1952 he became the 3rd Baronet Naylor-Leyland, of Hyde Park House, Albert Gate, London. With his inherited title came the family country seat of Nantclwyd Hall. At Nantclwyd, he commissioned the architect Clough Williams-Ellis (1883–1978) to add a fibreglass temple, a clock tower, a ceremonial arch, gazebos, a dovecote, and formal gardens.
Personal life
On 17 January 1952 he married Hon. Elizabeth-Anne Marie Gabrielle Fitzalan-Howard, the daughter of Henry FitzAlan-Howard, 2nd Viscount FitzAlan of Derwent (1882-1962) and Joyce Elizabeth Mary Langdale (1898–1995). They had a son, Sir Philip Vyvian Naylor-Leyland, 4th Baronet. On 17 November 1967 he married Noreen Starr Anker Simmons; they had a daughter. Thirdly, he married Jameina Flora Reid. They had two daughters. He died on 2 September 1987 at the age of 63.
References
1924 births
1987 deaths
People from Denbighshire
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
Alumni of the Royal Agricultural University
Grenadier Guards officers
English bankers
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Llanelidan
Vivian
20th-century English businesspeople
Colestolone (, ), also known as 5α-cholest-8(14)-en-3β-ol-15-one, is a potent inhibitor of sterol biosynthesis which is described as a hypocholesterolemic (lipid-lowering) agent. It was first reported in 1977 and was studied until at least 1988, but was never introduced for medical use.
Colestolone has been found to significantly reduce serum levels of cholesterol both in animals and in humans. It inhibits multiple relatively early-stage steps in cholesterol biosynthesis such as HMG-CoA reductase and does not appear to affect any late-stage steps (after squalene, specifically). Unlike late-stage cholesterol biosynthesis inhibitors like triparanol and azacosterol, no accumulation of sterols has been observed in animals treated with colestolone, suggesting that it does not share the toxicity of late-stage cholesterol biosynthesis inhibitors.
In addition to its potent inhibition of cholesterol biosynthesis, it is notable that colestolone also happens to serve as a precursor of cholesterol, and is efficiently converted into it in rat liver homogenates and upon oral administration to rats.
References
Abandoned drugs
Secondary alcohols
Hypolipidemic agents
Ketones
Statins
Steroidogenesis inhibitors
Sterols
Semantic mapping can refer to:
Semantic matching, in computer science, a matching to exchange information in a semantically sound manner, because of the semantic heterogeneity
Semantic mapping (statistics), a dimensionality reduction method in statistics
Semantic mapping (literacy), a technique in which graphical models are used to help school students learn vocabulary
Semantic mapping, the transformation of data elements from one namespace into another namespace on the Semantic Web, performed by a semantic mapper
Welsh Newton is a small village and civil parish in the county of Herefordshire, England. It is located close to the border with Wales to which the parish extends towards Monmouthshire. It should not be confused with Newton, a township-chapelry in Clodock Parish and near Longtown, or with Newton Leominister.
History
The parish of Welsh Newton (which is grouped with the parish of Llanrothal to form Welsh Newton and Llanrothal Group Parish Council) contains two churches: a derelict Methodist chapel and the church of St Mary the Virgin which is also CoE and of Norman architecture, at Welsh Newton (containing an original rood screen). Catholic martyr St John Kemble, executed in 1679, is buried in St Mary's churchyard. There is another Anglican church at Llanrothal.
The area contains a lot of history, including Pembridge Castle and at least thirty-one other archaeological sites in Welsh Newton parish alone. The parish also contains a piece of common land, currently registered as unowned under the Commons Act 2006, at Welsh Newton Common; a hill (and hamlet) overlooking the Wye Valley. The village is said to be haunted by several restless spirits, including the headless coachman who has been seen many times on the lane from St Wulstan's Farm to the village. In the first week of December each year, several locals hold a ceremony to still the spirits. This takes place in the ruins of St Faith's Church.
According to Kelly's Directory of Herefordshire 1929:
"Welsh Newton is a Parish on the Hereford and Monmouth road, three and a half miles north from Monmouth and 8 south west from Ross, in the Southern Division of the county, Wormelow A Hundred, Monmouth union and county court district, Harewood End Petty Sessional division, rural deanery of Archenfield and archdeaconry and diocese of Hereford. The Parish extends into Monmouthshire. The church of St. Mary is a plain but ancient building of stone in the Norman style, consisting of chancel, nave, south porch and a small western tower containing 2 bells: the screen is 12th century, lit by a 14th-century dormer window: the roof is 14th century; the stained east window was presented by Mrs. Marriot, in 1879, and there are memorial windows to Mrs. Tylor, of Callow Hill, who died in 1881. The register of baptisms dates from the year 1798; marriages, 1758; burials, 1800. The living is a vicarage, with the rectory of Llanrothal annexed in 1927...in the gift of the Bishop of Hereford. There is a Primitive Methodist Chapel on Welsh Newton Common. Pembridge Castle, built prior to the 13th century, is now a farmhouse. This historic castle was purchased by Dr. Hedley Bartlet (known as Mar Hedley, a Syro-Chaldean bishop), and partially restored in 1914; It was the home for many years of the priest and martyr Father John Kemble (d. 1679), whose tomb pilgrims visit in the village churchyard; his hand is preserved in a shrine at Hereford. The soil is loamy; subsoil, clay and rock. The chief crops are wheat, barley, oats, turnips and fruit. The area is 1,943 acres (7.9 km²)."
(1) Cf Wikipedia: Counties (Detached Parts) Act 1844
Folklore
In 1913, the historian John Hobson Matthews noted, “The bells of Welsh Newton, Herefordshire, are supposed to say: - "Erfin, cawl erfin" - turnips, turnip broth. This is taken to refer to the bareness of that parish “.
Welsh Newton Common
The settlement of Welsh Newton Common within the parish is scattered across an area of registered common land with no known owner. The last attempt to establish ownership was made by Rt Hon Viscountess Margaret Eldrudd De L'Isle in 1976, the then owner of the Glanusk Estate. Following a hearing before the Commons Commissioners the application was refused and the common remains unowned. In the absence of an owner, Herefordshire Council manages but does not own the common, nor can it grant rights over it (for example, rights of way) as an owner might. Under section 45 of the Commons Act 2006 the Council has the power to
(a)take any steps to protect the land against unlawful interference that could be taken by an owner in possession of the land; and
(b)institute proceedings against any person for any offence committed in respect of the land.
Notable buildings
Pembridge House is an 18th-century listed former Parsonage house situated in a central position within the village. Tremaide Farmhouse and its range of traditional farm buildings overlook the village to the east of the A466. Parkside Farm to the west of the village is a traditional stone farmhouse.
References
External links
Villages in Herefordshire
Silvia Ballestra ( Porto San Giorgio, 1969 ) is an Italian writer. In 2006 she won the Rapallo Carige Prize.
Life
Ballestra was born in Porto San Giorgio in 1969.
She was discovered by Pier Vittorio Tondelli and began publishing novels, short stories and essays since 1990.
Her debut book was Birthday of the Iguana and it has been translated into several languages. From that book and the following book La guerra degli Antò was taken the script of a film, The Anto War by Riccardo Milani. She has a degree in Foreign Languages and Literature. She has edited various translations from both French and English. She has worked with the newspaper L'Unità and several magazines and other newspapers. She has lived and worked in Milan.
In 2006 she lost the Rapallo Carige Prize for La seconda Dora.
Works include
Contribution to the anthology Papergang, under 25, 1990
Birthday of the Iguana . 1991 Transeuropea and Arnoldo Mondadori Editore .
The war of Anto . 1992
The youthfulness of Miss NN, 1998
La Seconda Dora
The hills across the street. A trip around the life of Tullio Pericoli . Rizzoli, 2011. .
References
1969 births
Living people
People from the Province of Fermo
20th-century Italian novelists
21st-century Italian novelists
Italian women novelists
20th-century Italian women writers
21st-century Italian women writers
The Geelong Football Club is an Australian rules football club based in Geelong, Victoria. Since becoming a foundation club of the Victorian Football League (VFL)—which is now known as the Australian Football League (AFL)—in 1897, the club has participated in every season of the competition except the 1916, 1942 and 1943 seasons, where the club did not field teams due to World War I (1916) and World War II (1942 and 1943). In 118 completed seasons, Geelong has contested eighteen VFL/AFL Grand Finals, winning nine premierships.
Seasons
Senior
VFA (1877–1896)
VFL/AFL (1897–present)
Notes
References
Australian rules football-related lists
Geelong-related lists
Medical device regulation may refer to:
Regulation (EU) 2017/745 in the European Union
Medical Device Regulation Act of 1976 in the United States
The Aero Synergie Jodel D20 is a French ultralight aircraft that was designed by Jean Délémontez and produced by Aero Synergie of Villefranche-de-Rouergue. The aircraft was supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a completed aircraft.
Aero Synergie no longer offers the D20.
Design and development
The aircraft complies with the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale microlight rules. It features a cantilever low wing, two seats in a side-by-side configuration enclosed cockpit, a choice of tricycle landing gear or conventional landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration.
The aircraft has a wooden airframe covered in doped aircraft fabric. Like most Jodel designs its span wing employs dihedral in the outer half only. Standard engines used are the Rotax 912ULS four-stroke and the Jabiru 2200 powerplant. Other engines of similar power output can also be used.
Reviewers Robby Bayerl et al. describe the aircraft as possessing "great performance and impeccable behaviour in flight".
Specifications (D20)
References
External links
1970s French ultralight aircraft
Homebuilt aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Jodel D20
Low-wing aircraft
D020
Eranyak was a princess from the Arsacid dynasty of Armenia who lived in the 4th century.
Eranyak was the daughter of the Roman Client King of Armenia, Tiran (Tigranes VII) who reigned from 339 until 350 by an unnamed wife and was the sister of her father's successor, Arsaces II (Arshak II). Little is known on the life of Eranyak.
At some point Tiran arranged for his daughter to marry an Armenian prince from the Bagratuni Dynasty called Tiridates who is also known as Trdat. Tiridates was the son of Sembatuhi, as his maternal grandfather was the Great Sembat. Tiridates in character was brave and bold, but was short and of a pitiable appearance.
When Eranyak and Tiridates married each other, Eranyak through marriage she was a relation of the Bagratuni dynasty and Tiridates through marriage was a relation of the Arsacid dynasty. Despite their royal lineage and aristocrat origins, Eranyak and Tiridates had an unhappy marriage.
Eranyak hated Tiridates. She treated her husband with contempt and complained a woman of her status was forced to co-habit with a man of disagreeable countenance and inglorious descent. For Tiridates it reached a point, that he grew so angry that one day, he is violent beat Eranyak, cut off her blond hair, tore out the ringlets and ordered her to be removed from their apartment. After Eranyak was removed from their place of residence, Tiridates left Armenia and headed to Media. When Tiridates had arrived in Sewniq, he heard the news of the death of his father-in-law and remained there upon receiving the news. After that moment, not much more is known on Eranyak and Tiridates.
References
Arsacid dynasty of Armenia
4th-century monarchs in the Middle East
Year of birth unknown
Place of birth missing
4th-century Armenian people
The 2010 Florida Gators baseball team represented the University of Florida in the sport of baseball during the 2010 college baseball season. The Gators competed in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and the Eastern Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). They played their home games at Alfred A. McKethan Stadium, on the university's Gainesville, Florida campus. The team was coached by Kevin O'Sullivan, who was in his third season at Florida.
Roster
Schedule
! style="background:#FF4A00;color:white;"| Regular season
|- valign="top"
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| February 19 || ||No. 9
| McKethan Stadium || 6–2 ||Panteliodis (1–0)
|Fontanez (0–1)
|Larson (1)
|3,309
| 1–0 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| February 20 || South Florida ||No. 9
| McKethan Stadium || 9–1 ||Johnson (1–0)
|Delphey (0–1)
|None
|3,723
| 2–0 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| February 21 || South Florida ||No. 9
| McKethan Stadium || 7–610 ||Panteliodis (2–0)
|Quackenbush (0–1)
|None
|3,422
| 3–0 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| February 24 || UCF ||No. 9
|McKethan Stadium
| 7–6 ||Randall (1–0)
|Adkins (0–1)
|Chapman (1)
|2,521
| 4–0 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| February 25 || ||No. 9
| McKethan Stadium || 13–3 ||Toledo (1–0)
|Tedesco (0–1)
|None
|2,879
| 5–0 || –
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| March 2 || vs. No. 3 Florida StateRivalry ||No. 6|| Steinbrenner FieldTampa, FL || 5–10 ||Parker (1–0)||DeSclafani (0–1)||Bennett (1)||8,348|| 5–1|| –
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 5 || at No. 14 ||No. 6|| Alex Rodriguez ParkCoral Gables, FL || 7–1 ||Panteliodis (3–0)||Hernandez (1–1)||Maronde (1)||4,274|| 6–1|| –
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| March 6 || at No. 14 Miami (FL) ||No. 6|| Alex Rodriguez Park || 6–9 ||Whaley (2–0)||Johnson (1–1)||Gutierrez (3)||4,426|| 6–2|| –
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 7 || at No. 14 Miami (FL) ||No. 6|| Alex Rodriguez Park || 4–2 ||Toledo (2–0)||Erickson (1–1)||Chapman (2)||4,610|| 7–2|| –
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 9 || ||No. 8|| McKethan Stadium || 8–2 ||Randall (2–0)||Sorkin (0–1)||None||2,435|| 8–2|| –
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 10 ||Illinois State||No. 8|| McKethan Stadium || 8–0 ||DeSclafani (1–1)||Learnard (0–1)||None||2,458|| 9–2|| –
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 12 || ||No. 8|| McKethan Stadium || 6–0 ||Panteliodis (4–0)||Markham (0–2)||None||2,209|| 10–2|| –
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 13 || Charleston Southern ||No. 8|| McKethan Stadium || 16-10 ||Poovey (1–0)||McCready (0–3)||Barfield (1)||2,993|| 11–2|| –
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| March 14 || Charleston Southern ||No. 8|| McKethan Stadium || 3–6 ||Thornburg (3–1)||Toledo (2–1)||None||2,784|| 11–3|| –
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 15 ||||No. 11|| McKethan Stadium || 9–3 ||DeSclafani (2–1)||Kirk (0–2)||Barfield (2)||2,073|| 12–3|| –
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 16 ||No. 5 Florida StateRivalry||No. 11|| McKethan Stadium || 8–5 ||Maronde (1–0)||Scantling (0–1)||Chapman (3)||4,773|| 13–3|| –
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 19 || ||No. 11|| McKethan Stadium || 7–2 ||Panteliodis (5–0)||Graveman (1–1)||None||3,482|| 14–3|| 1–0
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 20 || Mississippi State ||No. 11|| McKethan Stadium || 5–4 ||Maronde (2–0)||Girodo (0–1)||Chapman (4)||4,823|| 15–3|| 2–0
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 21 || Mississippi State ||No. 11|| McKethan Stadium || 4–1 ||Chapman (1–0)||Reed (0–2)||None||2,410|| 16–3|| 3–0
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 24 ||||No. 9|| McKethan Stadium || 13–8 ||Franklin (1–0)||Barnes (0–1)||None||3,390|| 17–3|| –
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| March 26 ||at No. 18 ||No. 9||Swayze FieldOxford, MS
| 2–3 ||Pomeranz (4–0)||Panteliodis (5–1)||Huber (2)||8,417|| 17–4|| 3–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| March 27 ||at No. 18 Ole Miss||No. 9||Swayze Field|| 3–15 ||Barrett (6–0)||Randall (2–1)||Crouse (1)||8,699|| 17–5|| 3–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| March 28 ||at No. 18 Ole Miss||No. 9||Swayze Field|| 13–1 ||Johnson (2–1)||Rothlin (3–2)||None||6,116|| 18–5|| 4–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| March 30 || vs. No. 6 Florida StateRivalry ||No. 11|| Baseball GroundsJacksonville, FL || 2–7 ||Busch (4–0)||Randall (2–2)||None||9,276|| 18–6|| –
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 2 ||No. 17 ||No. 11|| McKethan Stadium ||3–2||Barfield (1–0)||Gray (4–3)||Chapman (5)||4,093||19–6||5–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 3 ||No. 17 Vanderbilt||No. 11|| McKethan Stadium ||7–3||Johnson (3–1)||Hill (3–2)||None||3,684||20–6||6–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| April 4 ||No. 17 Vanderbilt||No. 11|| McKethan Stadium ||0–7||Armstrong (4–0)||Randall (2–3)||None||2,973||20–7||6–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 6 ||||No. 9|| McKethan Stadium ||12–2||Larson (1–0)||Glenn (2–4)||None||3,515||21–7||–
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 9 ||at ||No. 9||Knoxville, TN
|4–2||Panteliodis (6–1)||Morgado (2–4)||Chapman (6)||2,519||22–7||7–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| April 10 ||at Tennessee||No. 9||||4–12||McCray (4–3)||Johnson (3–2)||None||2,493||22–8||7–4
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 11 ||at Tennessee||No. 9||||9–1||Randall (3–3)||Gruver (1–2)||None||2,302||23–8||8–4
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| April 13 ||at No. 7 Florida StateRivalry||No. 9||Dick Howser StadiumTallahassee, FL
|2–3||Sitz (3–0)||Larson (1–1)||McGee (7)||6,526||23–9||–
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 16 ||at ||No. 9||Cliff Hagan StadiumLexington, KY
|10–8||Barfield (2–0)||Cooper (1–3)||Chapman (7)||1,996||24–9
|9–4
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 17 ||at Kentucky||No. 9||Cliff Hagan Stadium||6–3||Larson (2–1)||Rogers (4–4)||None||2,363||25–9
|10–4
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| April 18 ||at Kentucky||No. 9||Cliff Hagan Stadium
|5–6||Cooper (2–3)||DeSclafani (2–2)||Little (6)||2,293||25–10||10–5
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 21 ||at South Florida||No. 11||Red McEwen FieldTampa, FL||18–8||Spottswood (1–0)||Parker (0–2)||None||2,517||26–10||–
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| April 23 ||No. 7 Arkansas||No. 11|| McKethan Stadium ||3–8||Smyly (6–0)||Panteliodis (6–2)||None||3,622||26–11||10–6
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 24 ||No. 7 Arkansas||No. 11|| McKethan Stadium ||8–2||Randall (4–3)||Eibner (3–3)||Larson (2)||3,116||27–11
|11–6
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 25 ||No. 7 Arkansas||No. 11|| McKethan Stadium ||2–1||Chapman (2–0)||Bolsinger (4–2)||None||2,873||28–11
|12–6
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| April 30 ||No. 9 LSU||No. 12|| McKethan Stadium ||8–5||Panteliodis (7–2)||Ranaudo (2–2)||Chapman (8)||4,213||29–11
|13–6
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| May 1 ||No. 9 LSU||No. 12|| McKethan Stadium ||7–3||Randall (5–3)||Matulis (5–2)||None||4,003||30–11
|14–6
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| May 2 ||No. 9 LSU||No. 12|| McKethan Stadium ||13–6||Johnson (4–2)||Ott (1–2)||None||3,617||31–11
|15–6
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| May 7 ||at Alabama||No. 6||Tuscaloosa, AL||9–3||Randall (6–3)||Morgan (5–3)||None||4,387||32–11
|16–6
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| May 8 ||at Alabama||No. 6||||14–8||Panteliodis (8–2)||Nelson (5–2)||None||4,273||33–11
|17–6
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| May 9 ||at Alabama||No. 6||||8–10||Kilcrease (4–2)||DeSclafani (2–3)||Smith (3)||4,317||33–12||17–7
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| May 12 ||||No. 5|| McKethan Stadium ||7–3||Barfield (3–0)||Garton (6–2)||None||3,147||34–12
|–
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| May 14 ||||No. 5|| McKethan Stadium ||4–3||Larson (3–1)||Moseley (0–4)||None||5,363||35–12
|18–7
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| May 15 ||Georgia||No. 5|| McKethan Stadium ||4–3||Chapman (3–0)||Esmonde (2–1)||None||4,932||36–12
|19–7
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| May 16 ||Georgia||No. 5|| McKethan Stadium ||9–3||Johnson (5–2)||Palazzone (4–6)||None||4,324||37–12
|20–7
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| May 18 ||||No. 5|| McKethan Stadium ||9–3||Toledo (3–1)||Patton (1–2)||None||3,314||38–12
|–
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| May 20 ||at No. 7 South Carolina||No. 5||Carolina StadiumColumbia, SC
|3–2||Barfield (4–0)||Cooper (10–1)||Chapman (9)||8,188||39–12
|21–7
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| May 21 ||at No. 7 South Carolina||No. 5||Carolina Stadium||5–2||Rodriguez (1–0)||Dyson (5–5)||Chapman (10)||8,242||40–12
|22–7
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| May 22 ||at No. 7 South Carolina||No. 5||Carolina Stadium||6–11||Brown (3–0)||Johnson (5–3)||None||7,523||40–13||22–8
|-
|-
! style="background:#FF4A00;color:white;"| Post-season
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| May 26 || vs. LSU ||No. 5|| Regions ParkHoover, AL || 6–10 ||Ranaudo (4–2)||Johnson (5–4)||None||6,772||40–14||0–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| May 27 || vs. No. 12 Arkansas ||No. 5|| Regions Park || 5–4 ||Panteliodis (9–2)||Bolsinger (6–4)||Chapman (11)||5,759||41–14||1–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| May 28 || vs. No. 17 Vanderbilt ||No. 5|| Regions Park || 5–2 ||Randall (7–3)||Armstrong (7–3)||Rodriguez (1)||7,605||42–14||2–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| May 29 || vs. Alabama ||No. 5|| Regions Park || 2–57 ||Morgan (6–4)||Toledo (3–2)||None||11,542||42–15||2–2
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| June 4 ||||No. 5|| McKethan Stadium || 7–3 ||Randall (8–3)||Simpson (6–2)||None||3,217||43–15|| 1–0
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| June 5 ||||No. 5|| McKethan Stadium || 10–2 ||Panteliodis (10–2)||Gaviglio (3–4)||None||2,991||44–15|| 2–0
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| June 6 ||Florida Atlantic||No. 5|| McKethan Stadium || 15–0 ||Johnson (6–4)||Everist (2–8)||None||2,302||45–15|| 3–0
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| June 11 ||No. 14 Miami (FL)||No. 5|| McKethan Stadium ||7–2||Panteliodis (11–2)||Gutierrez (5–3)||None||5,429||46–15|| 1–0
|- align="center" bgcolor="ddffdd"
| June 12 ||No. 14 Miami (FL)||No. 5|| McKethan Stadium ||4–310||Rodriguez (2–0)||Miranda (5–3)||Larson (3)||5,783||47–15|| 2–0
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| June 19 || vs. No. 7 UCLA ||No. 5||Rosenblatt StadiumOmaha, NE
| 3–11 ||Bauer (11–3)||Panteliodis (11–3)||None||23,271||47–16|| 0–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="ffdddd"
| June 21 || vs. No. 12 Florida StateRivalry ||No. 5|| Rosenblatt Stadium || 5–8 ||Busch (6–2)||Randall (8–4)||McGee (13)||19,841||47–17|| 0–2
|-
Rankings from USA Today/ESPN Coaches' Poll. All times Eastern. Retrieved from FloridaGators.com
See also
Florida Gators
List of Florida Gators baseball players
External links
Gator Baseball official website
Florida Gators baseball seasons
Florida Gators baseball team
Florida Gators
College World Series seasons
Florida
Harold Anthony Collins (May 21, 1925 – November 10, 2015) was a Canadian politician. He represented the electoral district of Gander in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly from 1967 to 1979. He was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party of Newfoundland and Labrador. Collins was born at Indian Islands, Newfoundland. He married Joan Peckford in 1949 and has ten children. Collins died in 2015 at the age of 90.
References
1925 births
2015 deaths
Progressive Conservative Party of Newfoundland and Labrador MHAs
Neophytus VI (), (? – 1747) was Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople for two terms, from 1734 to 1740 and from 1743 to 1744.
Life
Neophytus was born in Patmos, and when the Metropolitan of Caesarea in Cappadocia was elected to the Patriarchate as Jeremias III, he was elected in his place as Metropolitan of Caesarea. As Metropolitan of Caesarea his more important act was restoring in 1728 the monastery of Saint John the Forerunner at Zincidere in Cappadocia.
He was appointed as Patriarch on 27 Sept 1734 supported by the Dragoman of the Porte, the fanariote Alexander Ghikas. His subjection to the Dragoman caused the Grand Vizier to order his deposition six years later, in August 1740. Neophytus reigned again for a short term, from May 1743 to March 1744, and during this term he was ordered by the Grand Vizier not to have any contact with Alexander Ghikas.
His Patriarchal reign was not marked by any particular event and Neophytus mainly dealt with monastic issues. He had letters with Nicolaus Zinzendorf, the reformer of the Moravian Church, but without any result. After his second and final deposition, he was exiled in Patmos where he died in February or March 1747.
Notes
|-
17th-century births
1747 deaths
18th-century Ecumenical Patriarchs of Constantinople
People from Patmos
Eugène Petit (1839–1886) was a French flower painter and textile designer.
Biography
Eugene Petit was born in Paris in 1839. He briefly taught the American painter Henry Woodbridge Parton, 1875.
He specialized in still life paintings of flowers and fruits, as well as sporting dogs. His work has been found in museums in Carcassonne, Compiègne, Courtrai, Rouen and Saint-Etienne in France as well as The Sladmore Gallery in London. Some of his work has been auctioned at Bonhams. One of his hunting scenes, "On the Scent, Setters" sold at Sothebys in New York for $13,200 in 2006.
Work
Summer Flowers in a Vase
Still life with peonies and roses
Daisies, Poppies And Wild Roses
Summer blooms in a glass vase
Spaniels hunting duck
Still life
Setters flushing out ducks
Chrysanthemums in a brass urn, and a silver tray and jug on a draped table
The Chase
Setters flushing out duck
Blossom branches and peonies in a vase
On the point
On the point 2
Pointers on the scent
Pointers by the edge of a lake
A pointer and a setter on the scent
The Garden Gate
Two Pointers Hunting by a Path
Le chemin aux arbres et fleurs
References
External links
WikiGallery
1839 births
1886 deaths
Painters from Paris
19th-century French painters
French male painters
Flower artists
19th-century French male artists
is a puzzle-platform game designed by Tetris-creator Alexey Pajitnov and published by Nintendo for the Famicom Disk System in 1990.
Gameplay
The game is based around the concept of how a knight piece is moved in the game of chess. The player controls a knight chess piece that is constantly jumping and must continually choose which of the possible legal moves to make before the knight lands back on the board.
When the knight lands on any square on the board, it turns from white to light teal. Landing there again, turns it dark teal. Landing there yet again destroys the square altogether, leaving a hole that the player must avoid. Falling in a hole will result in a game over. Consecutively creating several holes results in a chain increasing the player's score in differing increments.
At the beginning of each "round", a heart is placed somewhere on the board. A heart (or multiple hearts) must be collected to advance to the next round, which thereby replaces all holes on the board with new white squares and places a new heart somewhere on the board. Depending on the game mode, hearts will sometimes move themselves every few jumps of the knight.
The player can also gather a small number of extra points, at any time, by holding the 'A' button and speeding up the knight's movement. The main objective in Knight Move is to continue this cycle, despite the increasing game speed, and reach the highest score possible.
The game also includes a simultaneous two player versus mode similar to the single player modes.
External links
Knight Move at NinDB
1990 video games
Alexey Pajitnov games
Famicom Disk System games
Famicom Disk System-only games
Japan-exclusive video games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Nintendo games
Puzzle-platform games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games scored by Hirokazu Tanaka
Vincent Pyke, born Vincent Pike, (4 February 1827 – 5 June 1894) was a 19th-century politician in Otago, New Zealand and Victoria, Australia.
Early life
Pyke was born in Shepton Mallet, Somerset, England as Vincent Pike. He married Frances Renwick on 7 September 1846 at Bristol, England; they had four sons and one daughter. He changed the spelling of his surname some time after their wedding.
Australia
Pyke and family went to Australia in 1851, first to South Australia and then the gold diggings in Victoria where he spent two years as a miner around Forest Creek, Castlemaine and Fryer's Creek Bendigo and opened a store at Forest Creek. Pyke was elected to represent Castlemaine in the Victorian Legislative Council from November 1855 to March 1856 and Castlemaine Boroughs in the Victorian Legislative Assembly from November 1856 to February 1857 and again from October 1859 and June 1862.
In 1857, Pyke was appointed emigration agent in England in conjunction with the Right Hon. Hugh Childers.
New Zealand
In 1862 Pyke visited the Otago goldfields, and became Secretary or Commissioner of the goldfields for the Otago Provincial Council. He then moved to Dunstan and Clyde. He was the first Chairman of Vincent County, which was named after him following an ironic suggestion by an opponent.
He represented the electorates of Wakatipu –1875, then Dunstan 1875–1890. He contested the in the electorate, but was beaten by Scobie Mackenzie. He then represented Tuapeka from 1893 to 1894 when he died. He was noted for his loyalty to Clyde and his Central Otago constituents.
Pyke was also a journalist, and wrote two novels about life on the goldfields, Wild Will Enderby (1873) and The Adventures of George Washington Pratt (1874).
Death
Pyke died at Lawrence, Otago, and is buried in the Dunedin Northern Cemetery.
References
External links
five works by Pyke from the New Zealand Electronic Text Centre
Cartoon of Vincent Pyke in New Zealand Parliament
1827 births
1894 deaths
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
New Zealand Liberal Party MPs
New Zealand public servants
Local politicians in New Zealand
Members of the Victorian Legislative Council
Members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
Burials at Dunedin Northern Cemetery
People from Shepton Mallet
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1890 New Zealand general election
19th-century Australian politicians
19th-century New Zealand politicians
19th-century Australian public servants
People of the Otago Gold Rush
The 2019–20 Junior ABA League was the 3rd season of the Junior ABA League with twelve men's under-19 teams from Serbia, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro and North Macedonia. Teams are the junior selections of the ABA League teams.
On 12 March 2020, the ABA League Assembly temporarily suspended its competitions due to the COVID-19 pandemic. On 27 May 2020, the ABA League Assembly canceled definitely its competitions due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The Final tournament would have been played on 21–22 March 2020 at the Železnik Hall, Belgrade. Cibona U19 was the defending champion and as a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic, the ABA League Assembly decided not to recognize any team as the champion for the season.
Competition system
Twelve under-19 teams are participating in the 2019–20 Junior ABA League season and they are divided into two groups in the first stage. In the group stage, all teams will face each other team within a group in a round-robin system. The two best-placed teams of each group will advance to the final tournament. At the final tournament, the teams will play two games – the semifinal and the final or third-place game. The winner of the final tournament will become the 2019–20 ABA Junior Tournament Champion.
Teams
Team allocation
Locations and personnel
First stage
Twelve participating teams Budućnost VOLI, Cedevita Olimpija, Cibona, Crvena zvezda mts, Igokea, Koper Primorska, Krka, Mega Bemax, Mornar, MZT Skopje Aerodrom, Partizan NIS and Zadar were divided into two first stage groups. The two best placed teams of each group advanced to the final tournament.
Group A
Venue: Mega Factory Hall, Belgrade
Group B
Venue: Jazine Basketball Hall, Zadar
See also
2019–20 Euroleague Basketball Next Generation Tournament
References
External links
Official website
U19 ABA League Championship
Junior
Basketball events curtailed and voided due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Peter Campbell Craigie (18 August 1938 – 26 September 1985) was a British biblical scholar.
Craigie was born in Lancaster and grew up in Edinburgh. He studied successively at the Edinburgh Academy, the Prairie College in Alberta, New College at the University of Edinburgh, St. John's College at the University of Durham, the University of Aberdeen, and McMaster University. He then taught at Carleton University, McMaster University, and the University of Calgary. He died as the result of a car crash in 1985.
Craigie wrote commentaries on Deuteronomy, Ezekiel, the Twelve Prophets, and Psalms 1 – 50. He referred to his approach as "theological-historical" or "theological-scientific". Lyle Eslinger notes that Cragie's approach was "a melding of conservative theological interests and assumptions with the scientific methods of biblical criticism." Tremper Longman describes him as being "among the best of recent evangelical interpreters" as well as "an astute theologian and philologist".
In 1988, a Festschrift was published in his honour. Ascribe to the Lord: Biblical and Other Studies in Memory of Peter C. Craigie included contributions from R. K. Harrison, Kenneth Kitchen, Alan Millard, and Robert Polzin. The Canadian Society of Biblical Studies sponsors the biannual Craigie Lecture in his memory.
Works
Books
Articles
Festschrift
References
External links
Bibliography of Peter C. Craigie
Biography
1938 births
1985 deaths
Road incident deaths in Canada
People from Lancaster, Lancashire
People educated at Edinburgh Academy
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
McMaster University alumni
McMaster University faculty
Carleton University faculty
University of Calgary faculty
British biblical scholars
Old Testament scholars
Bible commentators
Accidental deaths in Alberta
Evangelical Anglican biblical scholars
Alumni of St John's College, Durham
Philippe De Lacy (July 25, 1917 – July 29, 1995) was a French-American silent film era child actor who became a film producer, director, and cinematographer in adulthood.
Early life
Born during World War I, the already fatherless Philippe lost his mother and five siblings when a German shell devastated the family home. Only two days old at the time of tragedy, the boy was kept alive, but barely, in the basement of his grandmother's house. He was adopted by Mrs. Edith De Lacy, who was associated with the U.S. Woman's Overseas Hospital. After the war ended, Mrs. De Lacy brought Philippe to America, where his stunning looks soon created opportunities for him as a model for magazine advertisements. His modeling assignments brought him to the attention of Hollywood, and he appeared in his first film in a bit part at the age of four.
Phillipe's childhood story was used as the subject of a fictional children's book, Little Philippe of Belgium, written by Madeline Brandeis as part of her "Children of the World" series.
Career
Early career
De Lacy freelanced for several studios in the 1920s, but mostly for Paramount. In 1924 he played the role of Michael Darling in the classic silent version of Peter Pan, with Betty Bronson. He played the young Don Juan at ten years of age in John Barrymore's Don Juan (1926), and in 1927 he played the young prince Karl Heinrich in Ernst Lubitsch's memorable The Student Prince in Old Heidelberg, which also starred Ramon Novarro and Norma Shearer. Also in 1927 he starred with Greta Garbo and John Gilbert in Love, an updated version of the Tolstoy novel Anna Karenina in which he played the young son of Anna, Serezha Karenin. When the sound era arrived De Lacy's acting career was declining, and he never made the transition from child actor to adult. Apart from his films, De Lacy also did some work in the theatre. However he had lost his boyish charm by his early teens and retired from the screen in the early 1930s.
Later career
De Lacy concentrated on the production end of films as a producer, director and cinematographer. He became an assistant to director Louis De Rochemont and worked with him in the 1940 film The Ramparts We Watch. Eventually he became an executive with the J. Walter Thompson advertising agency, a position he held for over 25 years. De Lacy's first credit was in 1942 as an editorial associate for the US armed forces propaganda film We Are The Marines. Radio and television announcer Westbrook Van Voorhis provided the narration for the documentary, which was effectively a full-length fighting feature. In 1944 De Lacy was involved in another documentary, this time for the US Navy, filmed aboard the carrier Yorktown. The narrators in this documentary were actors Robert Taylor (who was actually a lieutenant in the navy at the time) and Charles Boyer who supplied the French narration. De Lacy was the cinematographer in The Fighting Lady and had three real life naval commanders to assist him. This film won the 1945 Oscar for Best Documentary. De Lacy then turned his hand to directing a television series in 1950, and in addition, he also became manager of a local Hollywood television station. De Lacy also co-directed the financially successful 1955 documentary film Cinerama Holiday with Robert L. Bendick. After being largely unseen for decades, the film was released on Blu-ray in 2013.
Filmography
The Riddle: Woman (1920)
Without Benefit of Clergy (1921)
A Doll's House (1922)
Wasted Lives (1923)
Christmas (1923)
Divorce (1923)
Rosita (1923)
The Shooting of Dan McGrew (1924)
Peter Pan (1924)
My Neighbor's Wife (1925)
The Happy Warrior (1925)
A Lover's Oath (1925)
Don Juan (1926)
Beau Geste (1926)
The Blue Boy (1926)
Faithful Wives (1926)
Is Zat So? (1927)
The Way of All Flesh (1927)
The Magic Garden (1927)
The Elegy (1927)
The Student Prince in Old Heidelberg (1927)
The Tigress (1927)
Love (1927)
The Broken Mask (1928)
Mother Machree (1928)
4 Devils (1928)
Napoleon's Barber (1928)
The Redeeming Sin (1929)
The Royal Rider (1929)
Square Shoulders (1929)
The Four Feathers (1929)
The Marriage Playground (1929)
General Crack (1930)
Sarah and Son (1930)
One Romantic Night (1930)
The Sins of the Children (1930)
Director
The Buster Keaton Show (1950) - TV Series
Cinerama Holiday (1955)
Cinematographer
The Fighting Lady (1944)
Editor
We Are the Marines (1942)
Stageplays
Strangers at Home
Growing Pains
Death
De Lacy died from carcinoma of the colon. His cremated remains were scattered at sea.
Bibliography
Slide, Anthony. Silent Players: A Biographical and Autobiographical Study of 100 Silent Film Actors and Actresses (University Press of Kentucky, 2010), pp. 95–99.
Holmstrom, John. The Moving Picture Boy: An International Encyclopaedia from 1895 to 1995, Norwich, Michael Russell, 1996, pp. 78–80.
Dye, David. Child and Youth Actors: Filmography of Their Entire Careers, 1914-1985. Jefferson, NC: McFarland & Co., 1988, pp. 54–55.
Best, Marc. Those Endearing Young Charms: Child Performers of the Screen (South Brunswick and New York: Barnes & Co., 1971), pp. 56–61.
References
External links
Philippe De Lacy at Virtual History
American male child actors
American male film actors
American male silent film actors
American film directors
French emigrants to the United States
1917 births
1995 deaths
Deaths from cancer in California
Actors from Nancy, France
20th-century American male actors
Karayavşan, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
The Pistolet modèle An XIII was a flintlock cavalry pistol, in service in French units from 1806.
The Pistolet modèle An XIII was mostly inspired by the Pistolet modèle An IX, which it succeeded, but also incorporated elements of the Navy pistolet modèle 1786, notably the barrel mountings. Over 300 000 pistols were made, mostly between 1806 and 1814 in Charleville, Maubeuge and St-Etienne. The Americans copied the design as the Harpers Ferry Pistol, and used it against the British during the War of 1812.
The Pistolet modèle An XIII was designed to equip mounted units, each horseman using two pistols. It was also used by the Navy. An improved version, known as the M1822, was produced after the Napoleonic Wars. They were kept in service well into the 1840s, at which date the pistols still in usage were converted to use percussion caps.
Sources and references
Le pistolet de 17,1 mm de cavalerie modèle an XIII
Firearms of France
Single-shot pistols
Black-powder pistols
Beşkonak is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
NPO Zappelin Extra was a digital theme TV channel jointly operated by AVROTROS, EO, KRO-NCRV, NTR and VPRO. The TV channel launched as Zappelin 24 on 30 May 2009. It broadcasts replays and broadcasts from NPO Zapp and NPO Zappelin, via the cable and internet. The TV channel was part of the Nederlandse Publieke Omroep. On 10 March 2014, Z@ppelin / Z@pp 24 changed its name into NPO Zapp Xtra.
NPO Zapp Xtra became a 24-hour channel on 25 December 2018 and was renamed NPO Zappelin Extra. NPO Zapp Xtra used to time-share with NPO 1 Extra until 25 December 2018 and has since taken over the former frequency of the defunct channel, NPO 3 Extra.
NPO Zappelin Extra closed on 15 December 2021.
Current programing
Dinopaws
The Smurfs
Planet Cosmo
Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales
Yeti Tales
Pat & Mat
Ducktales
Kid-E-Cats
Fishtronaut
Pinky and the Brain
Dino Dan
Shimmer and Shine
Zig & Sharko
Former programming
Little Einsteins
Thomas & Friends
Het Zandkasteel
References
External links
Official Website NPO Zappelin Extra
Defunct television channels in the Netherlands
Television channels and stations established in 2009
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2021
Khadija Ahrari was an Afghan politician, and jointly the first woman elected to parliament in the country.
Biography
Following the introduction of women's suffrage in the 1964 constitution, Ahrari was one of four women elected to Parliament in the 1965 elections, representing Herat.
She was one of the first six women to be member of Parliament or Senate after the 1965 elections: Anahita Ratibzad of Kabul, Khadija Ahrari of Kabul, Ruqia Abubakr of Kandhahar and Masuma Esmati of Herat for the House of the People, and Homaira Saljuqi and Aziza Gardizi for the Senate.
However, she did not contest the 1969 elections.
References
Afghan feminists
Living people
Members of the House of the People (Afghanistan)
20th-century Afghan women politicians
20th-century Afghan politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Srbui Stepanova Lisitsian (June 28, 1893 in Tiflis - 1979) was an Armenian-Soviet ethnographer known for her development of a novel mathematical method for describing folk dance precisely using film techniques. Lisitsian spent her career at the Armenian Institute of Archeology and Ethnology as an ethnologist, after earning her Ph.D. at the Armenian Institute of History. In 1980, the Armenian Institute of Archeology and Ethnology was renamed after her and her father, another noted ethnologist.
Biography
Srbuhi Lisitsyan was born in 1893 in Tbilissi in the family of Stepan Lisitsyan, a pedagogue and ethnographer. His mother, Ekaterina Kristaporovna, was also a pedagogue.
Srbuhi's parents published the children's magazine "Hasker" (1905–1922), edited the "Taraz" weekly (1892-1893) and collaborated with prominent figures of Armenian culture: Hovhannes Tumanyan, Avetik Isahakyan, Alexander Shirvanzade, Ghazaros Aghayan, Hovhannes Hovhannisyan, L. With George Bashinjaghyan, Panos Terlemezyan, Yeghishe Tadosyan and others.
She is graduating from the Garye Girls' Higher Courses in Moscow with a degree in Russian-Roman literature. E. Ozarovskaya "Artistic Speech" studio, I. Chernetskaya Dance Studio.
Activity
Lisitsyan returned to Tbilisi in 1917, where his organizational talent appeared. In the same year he founded a studio of recitation, rhythm and plastic, which in 1924 was transformed into the Rhythm Institute of Tbilisi.
In 1930 Lisitsyan settled in Yerevan. Due to his efforts, the "Rhythm, Plastics and Physical Culture" College (later "Rhythm and Plastics Studio") was opened in Yerevan in the same year. He manages the ethnographic ensemble of students և studio. With his direct participation, a dance school was opened in 1936. Lisitsyan becomes the first director of the college.
From 1930 he began to write folk dances - theatrical performances (plays). Lisitsyan's notes and theoretical analysis of Armenian folk dances were not only the first in the history of Armenian dance, but also had a fundamental significance.
The next height of Srbuhi Lisitsyan's activity was the creation of a movement recording system. By studying the writing systems that existed before, he reveals, takes into account all the shortcomings of his predecessors, appropriates all that is valuable. In 1940, Lisitsyan's work "Movement Record (Cinematography)" was published in Moscow, which was a logical continuation of the systems created before that.
The new method made it possible to easily analyze the movement in completely different ways on each count of the device. Thanks to the invention of Lisitsyan's movement, an eagle was created, where the number of dances now stands at more than 3,000. Srbuhi Lisitsyan was the first in the history of dance to bring to life the modern principle of writing, due to which the texts of movement, verbal, musical and imagery are brought to light, the linguistic, historical and geographical layers are revealed.
Lisitsyan is the founder of artistic gymnastics in Transcaucasia. During the scientific expeditions he registered Armenian folk dances, theatrical actions, collected ethnographic and folklore materials. Author of articles, works և translations, dance performances. He wrote the "Narine" ballet (with M. Barkhudaryan). Translated from Russian works of Armenian classics (L. Shant, At. Zoryan, R. Remirchyan) etc.
References
Women ethnologists
Armenian ethnologists
Soviet ethnographers
Armenian women scientists
20th-century women scientists
1893 births
1979 deaths
20th-century Armenian women
Soviet women scientists
Soviet Armenians
Georgian people of Armenian descent
Scientists from Tbilisi
People from Tiflis Governorate
The Estonian Legion (, ) was a military unit within the Combat Support Forces of the Waffen SS during World War II, mainly consisting of Estonian soldiers.
Creation
The formation was announced on 28 August 1942 by the German occupying powers in Estonia and formally established on October 1, 1942. Oberführer Franz Augsberger was nominated to be the commander of the legion and the later 3 Estonian SS Volunteer Brigade. 500 volunteers had appeared and signed up for the Legion by October 13, 1942. In the spring of 1943 additional men were drafted from the police forces and the number rose to 1,280.
Units
Battalion Narva
Battalion Narva was formed from the first 800 men of the Legion who had finished their training at Dębica (Heidelager in 1943), and were sent in April 1943 to join the Division Wiking in Ukraine. They replaced the Finnish Volunteer Battalion, recalled to Finland for political reasons.
The Battalion Narva was in the focus of the Red Army's attack near Izjum, Ukraine. The unit entered the battle with 800 men, and only one third were left able to fight. The Red Army, however, suffered heavier losses as they lost over 7,000 men killed and wounded, over 100 tanks were lost.
Battalion Narva participated in the battle of the Korsun-Cherkassy Pocket. Retreating through the escape route called The Hell's Gate, the battalion came under heavy Soviet fire with little cover. The battalion lost almost all of its equipment during the carnage while most of the troops escaped encirclement.
3rd Estonian SS Volunteer Brigade
In order to recruit more men for the legion, the German Occupying powers turned to forced mobilization in March 1943 by calling up all Estonian men born between 1919–1924. As the result 5,300 men were conscripted into the Estonian Legion and 6,800 for the support service of the Wehrmacht. Out of the conscripts was formed the second Estonian Regiment and the Estonian SS Volunteer Brigade was established on May 5, 1943.
Another conscription call was announced in October 1943 for men born in 1925–1926. As the result in order to avoid the draft about 5,000 men escaped to Finland. Most of these men volunteered for service in the Finnish Defence Forces and formed the Finnish Infantry Regiment 200. The conscripts were included with the Estonian SS Volunteer Brigade that was renamed the 3 Estonian SS Volunteer Brigade on October 22, 1944.
20th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS
By January 1944 the German military situation in the Eastern front had worsened so far that a general conscription call was announced in Estonia on February 1, 1944. In the hopes of restoring the independence of Estonia the last prime minister of Republic of Estonia Jüri Uluots gave his support to the draft. As the result about 38,000 men were conscripted, the units of Estonian Legion, the Finnish Infantry Regiment 200 were returned to Estonia and were reformed into the 20th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (1st Estonian).
See also
Estonia in World War II
Latvian Legion
Legion of French Volunteers Against Bolshevism
References
External links
Website dedicated to Estonian Legion (in Estonian)
Military history of Estonia during World War II
Foreign volunteer units of the Waffen-SS
Generalbezirk Estland
Military of Estonia
Military units and formations established in 1942
Military units and formations disestablished in 1943
Randy Barceló (September 19, 1946 – December 6, 1994) was a Cuban dancer, photographer, interior designer, and all-around artist. He was also known for his set and costume designs for theatre and film.
Biography
Born in Havana on September 19, 1946, Randy Barceló left Cuba through Operation Pedro Pan at the age of 14. He studied art at University of Puerto Rico and in 1965 moved to New York where he enrolled in the Lester Polakov Studio and Forum of Stage Design.
Barceló began his career as a dancer and choreographer. At the age of 24, he worked as a designer for the Broadway musical, 'Lenny'. In 1972 he designed the costumes for Jesus Christ Superstar and was nominated for a Tony Award, the first Hispanic nominee for costume design. He went on to design costumes for several on- and off- Broadway plays and musicals, ballet and dance productions, and operas.
Barceló's art-work, primarily abstract and figurative sketches and paintings, have been shown in several galleries and museums including the Cooper Hewitt Museum, Hudson River Museum, and Kennedy Center for Performing Arts.
In 1994, Barceló designed costumes for ¡Si Señor! ¡Es Mi Son!, choreographed for Ballet Hispanico by Alberto Alonso and Sonia Calero with music by Gloria Estefan. These were his final designs as he died of cancer on December 6 of that same year.
Works or publications
Randy Barceló's Production Credits
Broadway
Ain't Misbehavin, 1978
Ain't Misbehavin, 1988
A Broadway Musical, 1978
Dude 1972
Jesus Christ Superstar, 1971
Lenny, 1971
The Leaf People, 1975 (costumes and make-up)
The Magic Show, 1974
Mayor, 1985 (sets and costumes)
The Night That Made America Famous, 1975
Senator Joe, 1989 (never officially opened)
Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band
Off-Broadway
Blood Wedding, INTAR Theatre (sets and costumes)
Caligula, La Mama Experimental Theatre Club
Cracks, Theatre De Lys, 1976
Lady Day, Chelsea Theatre Center
Mayor, Village Gate Theatre (sets and costumes)
A Midsummer Night's Dream, New York Shakespeare Festival, Delacorte Theatre, 1982
The Moondreamers, La Mama Experimental Theatre Club
Phillip Morris Superband Series, Beacon Theatre (set)
Rice and Beans, INTAR Theatre (sets and costumes)
Spookhouse, Playhouse 91, 1984
The Tempest, LaMama Experimental Theatre Club
Opera
L'Histoire du Soldat, Carnegie Hall (sets and costumes)
Les Troyen, Vienna State Opera
Lily, New York City Opera
Mass, Leonard Bernstein, Kennedy Center
Salome, New York City Opera
Ballet and Dance
Black, Brown & Beige, Alvin Ailey Dance Theatre, 1976
The Blues Ain't, Alvin Ailey Dance Theatre, 1974
Crosswords, Alvin Ailey Dance Theatre
La Dea delle Acque, Alvin Ailey for La Scala Opera Ballet, 1988
For "Bird" – With Love, Alvin Ailey Dance Theatre, 1984
Fuenteovejuna, Ballet Hispanico
Lovers, Jennifer Muller (sets and costumes)
Mondrian, Jennifer Muller (sets and costumes)
The Mooche, Alvin Ailey Dance Theatre, 1974
Opus McShann, Alvin Ailey Dance Theatre, 1988
Predicaments for Five, Jennifer Muller (sets and costumes)
¡Si Señor! ¡Es Mi Son!, Ballet Hispanico, 1994
Spell, Alvin Ailey Dance Theatre, 1981
The Street Dancer, Ballet Hispanico,
Television
Ailey Celebrates Ellington, Alvin Ailey for CBS, 1975
Ain't Misbehavin, NBC, 1982
Duke Ellington: The Music Lives On, PBS, 1983
Film
Body Passion, 1987 (production designer)
The Cop and the Anthem
Cubanos (art direction and costumes)
Fat Chance (set and costumes for theater sequence)
Fatal Encounter, 1981
Secret Life of Plants (costumes for dance sequence)
Tainted, 1988 (art direction and costumes)
Los Dos Mundos de Angelita, 1984 (art direction and costumes)
Welcome to Miami (art direction and costumes)
When the Mountains Tremble, 1983 (production designer)
Notes and references
External links
The Randy Barceló collection is available at the Cuban Heritage Collection, University of Miami Libraries. The Randy Barceló collection consists primarily of oversize costume and set designs by the Cuban-born designer. The collection also includes costume plots, drawings and sketches, posters and postcards, videotapes, photographs and slides, and two scripts written by Barceló.
Selected designs from the Randy Barceló collection are available through the University of Miami Libraries Digital Collections portal.
Creator page for Randy Barceló in the Cuban Theater Digital Archive.
.
1946 births
1994 deaths
Costume designers
Cuban male dancers
Cuban choreographers
Cuban emigrants to the United States
Exiles of the Cuban Revolution in the United States
Donegal may refer to:
County Donegal, Ireland
County Donegal, a county in the Republic of Ireland, part of the province of Ulster
Donegal Bay, an inlet in the northwest of Ireland bordering counties Donegal, Leitrim and Sligo
Donegal (town), a town in County Donegal in Ulster, Ireland
Donegal County Council, the authority responsible for local government in County Donegal
Donegal Castle, a castle in Donegal Town in County Donegal
Donegal Airport, an airport in north-west County Donegal
Donegal GAA, County Board responsible for Gaelic games in County Donegal
Donegal county football team
Donegal (Dáil constituency), a parliamentary constituency in the lower house of the Irish parliament since 2016
Canada
Donegal, Perth County, Ontario
Donegal, Renfew County, Ontario, in Bonnechere Valley
UK Parliament constituencies
Donegal (UK Parliament constituency)
Donegal Borough (Parliament of Ireland constituency), a constituency represented in the Irish House of Commons until 1800
Donegal County (Parliament of Ireland constituency), a constituency represented in the Irish House of Commons until 1800
East Donegal (UK Parliament constituency)
North Donegal (UK Parliament constituency)
South Donegal (UK Parliament constituency)
West Donegal (UK Parliament constituency)
United States
Donegal, Pennsylvania, a borough in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania
Donegal School District, a public school district in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
Donegal Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania
Donegal Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania
Donegal Township, Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania
East Donegal Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
West Donegal Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
Other
HMS Donegal (1798), a 74-gun ship of the line
HMS Donegal (1858), a 101-gun screw-driven first rate ship of the line
SS Donegal, Midland Railway passenger ferry ship launched in 1904 and sunk in 1917
Donegal tweed, a handwoven tweed manufactured in County Donegal
Donegal Carpets, a brand of handmade wool carpets
Donegal Creameries, dairy company with operations in Ireland, Britain, the Netherlands and Brazil.
See also
Donegall (disambiguation)
Yoncatepe is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
Christiania Skiklub was a Norwegian Nordic skiing club, based in Oslo. It is currently located at Kringsjagrenda 33, 0861, Oslo, Norway.
It was founded in 1877, and arranged Husebyrennet in 1879 and 1881. In 1883 its members were instrumental in founding the Association for the Promotion of Skiing, which eventually arranged the Holmenkollen Ski Festival. In 1884 the club raised the world's first "ski cabin" at Frønsvollen.
References
Sports teams in Norway
Sport clubs established in 1877
1877 establishments in Norway
Sport in Oslo
Jonathan Hernández (born July 6, 1996) is a Dominican-American professional baseball pitcher for the Texas Rangers of Major League Baseball (MLB). He made his MLB debut in 2019.
Career
Hernández signed with the Texas Rangers as an international free agent on January 30, 2013 for a $300,000 signing bonus. He spent the 2013 and 2014 seasons playing for the Dominican Summer League Rangers. He spent the 2015 season with the Arizona Rangers of the Rookie-level Arizona League, going 1–1 with a 3.00 ERA in 45 innings. He spent the 2016 season with the Hickory Crawdads of the Class A South Atlantic League, going 10–9 with a 4.56 ERA in innings.
Hernández started the 2017 season with the Hickory Crawdads of the Class A South Atlantic League and was promoted to the Down East Wood Ducks of the Class A-Advanced Carolina League. He was chosen to represent the Rangers in the All-Star Futures Game. He combined for a 5–11 record with a 4.03 ERA over innings in 2017. The Rangers added him to their 40-man roster after the 2017 season. He began the 2018 season with the Wood Ducks, and received a midseason promotion to the Frisco RoughRiders of the Class AA Texas League. Hernández posted a 4–2 record with a 2.20 ERA, with 77 strikeouts in innings in 10 games (10 starts) with the Wood Ducks. In 12 games (12 starts) with Frisco, he posted a 4–4 record with a 4.92 ERA and 57 strikeouts in 64 innings. The Rangers optioned Hernández to Frisco to open the 2019 season,
and he went 5–9 with a 5.16 ERA over 96 innings with them.
The Rangers promoted Hernández to the major leagues on August 20, 2019. He made his major league debut on August 21 versus the Los Angeles Angels; pitching scoreless innings and earning the win. Hernández finished the season with Texas, going 2–1 with a 4.32 ERA and 19 strikeouts over innings. In 2020, he went 5–1 with a 2.90 ERA and 31 strikeouts over 31 innings for Texas.
On March 9, 2021, Hernández was shut down for at least four weeks after being diagnosed with a "low-grade" sprain of his ulnar collateral ligament in his right elbow. On March 30, 2021, Hernández was placed on the 60-day injured list. On April 12, 2021, Hernández underwent Tommy John surgery, ending his 2021 season.
Personal life
Hernández's father, Fernando Hernández, pitched in Major League Baseball. Jonathan was born in Memphis, Tennessee, when his father played baseball there, but he was raised in the Dominican Republic.
See also
List of second-generation Major League Baseball players
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
American sportspeople of Dominican Republic descent
Baseball players from Memphis, Tennessee
Major League Baseball pitchers
Texas Rangers players
Dominican Summer League Rangers players
Arizona League Rangers players
Hickory Crawdads players
Down East Wood Ducks players
Frisco RoughRiders players
Round Rock Express players
Águilas Cibaeñas players
American expatriate baseball players in the Dominican Republic
Sington is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
David Sington, British director, producer, screenwriter and author
Fred Sington (1910–1998), American football and baseball player
H. S. Sington (1878–1956), British physician and anaesthetist
Philip Sington (born 1962), British novelist and playwright
The District Council of Brown's Well was a local government area in South Australia from 1916 to 1997. The name stemmed from the Brown's Well pastoral station, which was located near the council seat of Paruna. Meetings were also held on a regular basis in the institute at Alawoona, which was the district's major centre.
It was proclaimed on 16 November 1916, and held its first meeting on 16 December. The area had formerly been part of the District Council of Loxton. The first council chamber was a ten by ten shed and it was reported that there were "no roads and very few grubbed tracks" and "the population of the entire district [was] very small."
A permanent council chambers building was opened in May 1929. In 1935, the council had a total population of 1,100, with 85 miles of main roads and 409 miles of district roads. In 1936, it comprised the cadastral hundreds of Allen, Kekwick and McGorrery, with a total land area of 340,800 acres, having increased since the initial proclamation. The main towns were Paruna, Alawoona, Cobera (now incorporated into Alawoona), Malpas, Meribah and Veitch. It was divided into six wards: North-East, South-East, North, South, South-West and North-West.
Much of the area was isolated Mallee country that was still being opened up in the 1930s. In 1932, it was reported that the council's road-building works were sufficiently large that there was "not a single man in the whole of the area who was unemployed."
The council ceased to exist on 3 May 1997, when it amalgamated with the District Council of Loxton and the District Council of Waikerie to form the District Council of Loxton Waikerie.
The Brown's Well council's former honour board was re-unveiled in the Loxton council offices in March 2016, following calls for its reinstatement from a former Brown's Well councillor.
Chairmen of the District Council of Brown's Well
Cecil Stone (1916–1917)
L. V. Shannon (1917–1919)
Alex Cameron (1919–1939)
John Joseph Elwood (1939–1940)
Arthur Alan Petch (1940–1944)
Eric Milton Edwards (1944–1949)
Albert Wyndham Broad (1949–1951)
Eric Milton Edwards (1951–1952)
Albert Wyndham Broad (1952–1954)
William Westley Claude Tiller (1954–1958)
Victor Norman Henschke (1958–1962)
Thomas Allen Nance (1962–1963)
Victor Norman Henschke (1963–1964)
Norman John Flavel (1964–1967)
Kenneth Griffiths (1967-after 1985)
References
Brown's Well
Within reconfigurable computing, an Adaptive architecture is a system which changes its structure, behaviour or resources according to demand. The adaptation made is usually [always?] to non-functional characteristics rather than functional ones.
Something of a misnomer, because the thing that adapts is the working system, rather than the (more abstract) architecture which defines the adaptability that is required of that system.
Adaptive software architecture: Used by programmers in relation to a program. An adaptive algorithm "is an algorithm which changes its behavior based on the resources available. For example… in the C++ Standard Library, the stable partition [program] acquires as much memory as it can get (up to what it would need at most) and applies the algorithm using that available memory."
Adaptive infrastructure architecture: Used by infrastructure engineers in relation to the configuration of processors. The computing resources used by applications (the partition size, or the number of servers in a cluster, or the share of a processor, or the number of processes) are configured so that they shrink or grow with demand.
Adaptive business architecture: Could also be used (for example) in connection with a workflow system that assigns human resources to a task or service to match the demand for that task or service. Or an organisation structure that flexes in response to business changes.
See also
Secure-adaptive architecture
References
Reconfigurable computing
Valkannadi is a 2002 Indian Malayalam language film starring Kalabhavan Mani, and Geethu Mohandas. Appunni is a blacksmith who has a history of mental health problems in his family, hence he is sent to an ayurvedic asylum. After he returns his mother and Devu become his strengths and his support.
Cast
Kalabhavan Mani as Appunni
Geethu Mohandas as Devu
K.P.A.C. Lalitha as Kuttiyamma
Thilakan as Raghavan
Anil Murali as Thamban
Babu Namboothiri as Kunjuraman
Salim Kumar as Raghavan
Mala Aravindan as Unnithiri Vaidyar
Indrans as Kanaran
Soundtrack
References
External links
2002 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by M. Jayachandran
KMVQ-FM (99.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to San Francisco, California. The station currently broadcasts a Top 40/CHR format branded as 99.7 Now. KMVQ's studios are at 2001 Junipero Serra Boulevard in Daly City, while its transmitter is located on San Bruno Mountain.
KMVQ-FM is owned by Salt Lake City–based Bonneville International. KMVQ directly competes with crosstown Top 40 KYLD. Other competing stations include heritage Urban KMEL and Rhythmic AC KRBQ.
KMVQ broadcasts in the HD Radio format.
History
The 99.7 FM frequency was originally owned by NBC, with sister station KNBR. The station signed on the air on October 12, 1949 as KNBC-FM. At various times, it aired a middle of the road format as KNBR-FM and an all-news format as KNAI-FM.
The KNBR-FM call letters returned to the market in 2019, this time on 104.5, the former KFOG.
KYUU
In 1978, NBC decided to take advantage of the newfound success of FM radio, so programmers were hired to create a new format, similar to Top 40 but targeting a market they felt was underserved, adults in the 25-34 age range. Years later, this approach would be labeled as "Hot adult contemporary." The station became KYUU.
Over time, the station migrated to more of a Top 40 format as "The Hit Music Station". By 1986, with KMEL dominating as the Bay Area's Top 40 station, the station migrated back to its Hot AC direction. During much of this time, KYUU's morning host was Don Bleu.
X-100
In 1988, NBC decided to sell all its owned-and-operated radio stations and concentrate on television. KYUU was among the last to be sold when Emmis Communications bought the radio station. Emmis made many changes, and due to heavy competition, in October 1988, decided to relaunch the station as X-100 and changed the call letters to KXXX. It had a dance-leaning CHR approach, mixing Top 40 hits with dance music. Notable personalities included George McFly, Chuck Geiger, Super Snake, Rex McNeil and morning hosts Bill Kelly & Al Kline.
X-100 fared poorly, unable to topple KMEL in the ratings, compared to the legacy of KYUU. This led Emmis to sell the station to real estate developer Peter Bedford under his "Coast Broadcasting" division. X-100 flipped to oldies as KFRC-FM on March 18, 1991. The following month, Bedford would buy 610 AM from RKO General, completing the sell-off of RKO's radio division. In January 1993, Alliance Broadcasting, a company run by former KYUU general manager John Hayes, would buy KFRC. On August 12, 1993, KFRC-FM began simulcasting on 610 AM.
Oldies 99.7 KFRC
This was not KFRC's first attempt at FM broadcasting. For many years, KFRC owned an FM counterpart at 106.1 FM, which carried a variety of formats. In 1977, KFRC's owners sold off the money-losing FM station at 106.1 (which soon became successful AOR station KMEL). Over the next few years, as the FM band eclipsed AM in popularity, it became clear that the owners had made a mistake. This was finally remedied in 1991 under different ownership with the purchase of KXXX.
As KFRC, 99.7 FM simulcast the oldies format of its well-known sister AM station. The oldies format proved very successful in the Bay Area market, reaching number one with the 25-54 year old demographic. In September 1995, Alliance would be bought out by Infinity Broadcasting.
In 2005, Infinity Broadcasting (later becoming CBS Radio) traded 610 AM to Christian radio broadcaster Family Stations, the owners of KEAR, for their station at 106.9 FM. On April 29, 2005, Family Stations began simulcasting the signal of their FM station on 610 AM, and the oldies format and KFRC call letters remained at 99.7 FM.
On September 5, 2005, KFRC relaunched its oldies format, this time focusing on 1970s & 1980s music with a low-key approach. The station billed itself as "the Bay Area's Classic Hits."
MOViN' 99.7
At 10:03 a.m. on September 22, 2006, after playing "American Pie" by Don McLean, KFRC switched to a Rhythmic AC format, relaunching this time as "The New Movin' 99.7" (with KFRC calls) with "Gonna Make You Sweat" by C+C Music Factory as the first song. The Movin' brand had previously been picked up by KQMV/Seattle, KMVN/Los Angeles, KYMV/Salt Lake City, KMVK/Dallas and WMVN/St. Louis.
The format switch was met with sharp criticism from long time listeners of the oldies format because it was the last remaining oldies station in the region.
On May 17, 2007, CBS Radio decided to bring back the old KFRC, as they dropped the "Free FM" talk format on 106.9 FM and revived the old "classic hits" format. The KFRC call sign moved to 106.9 FM. As a result, 99.7 FM received the new call sign KMVQ. (KFRC-FM is now an All-news radio station, simulcasting KCBS 740.)
Transition to CHR
During the late summer and early fall of 2008, KMVQ evolved towards a Rhythmic-leaning Top 40 format with occasional classic rhythmic songs carried over from the previous format, becoming the first mainstream top 40 station for San Francisco in six years since KZQZ flipped to country in 2002. As a result, KMVQ became musically similar to CBS Radio's other newly launched top 40 stations in Houston, Los Angeles, New York City and Detroit. To fill the void, Clear Channel's KISQ shifted from urban AC to rhythmic AC.
In early 2009, KMVQ added many former DJ's from KYLD, including St. John and Strawberry to its weekday lineup. Later that year, on November 12, KMVQ added Fernando and Greg in the Morning as the station's new morning show, replacing Baltazar and Maria. The pair is the first openly gay duo to host a morning broadcast on American commercial radio. Before moving to KMVQ, the show was initially established on KNGY.
99.7 NOW
In mid-2010, KMVQ changed its logo to match the "AMP Radio" stations in Los Angeles (KAMP-FM) and Detroit (WDZH). The station began using the slogan "All The Hits!" On December 31, 2010, the station re-branded as "99-7 Now" to match the CBS owned WNOW-FM (92-3 Now) in New York City.
On February 2, 2017, CBS Radio announced that it would merge with Entercom. To comply with FCC ownership limits, it was announced that KMVQ, Entercom's KBLX, KOIT, and KUFX, and a cluster in Sacramento, would be divested. Under a local marketing agreement, Bonneville assumed operations of the stations following the completion of the merger on November 17. On August 3, 2018, Bonneville announced that it would acquire all of the divested Entercom stations it had been operating for $141 million; the sale was completed on September 21, 2018.
In 2020, KMVQ, along with the other Bonneville stations, moved their studios from the SoMa district in San Francisco into a newly-built studio along Junipero Serra Boulevard in Daly City.
FM booster
KMVQ is rebroadcast on the following FM booster:
HD Radio
KMVQ-HD1 airs the same programming as the analog frequency. KMVQ-HD2 features a Dance format, billed as "Pulse Radio." The move came about after KNGY dropped its Dance format for Top 40/CHR in September 2009. The station became a full-time reporter on Billboard's Dance/Mix Show Airplay reporting panel in May 2019.
References
The Unplugged 99.7 KYUU Radio Archive
KFRC switches from oldies to music of 1970s and '80s, from the San Francisco Chronicle
The History of KFRC Radio
External links
FCC History Cards for KMVQ
MVQ-FM
Mass media in Oakland, California
Radio stations established in 1949
Contemporary hit radio stations in the United States
Dance radio stations
NBC Radio Network affiliates
1949 establishments in California
Bonneville International
Karaköy, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
The UCLA–UC Santa Barbara men's soccer rivalry is a men's college soccer rivalry between the Los Angeles and Santa Barbara campuses of the University of California System. The rivalry dates back to 1967, when the two programs first played each other. The rivalry stems from the program's proximity and the vying for talent in the Southern California region, long considered a hotbed for soccer talent in the United States.
Overall, the two programs have played 44 times, with UCLA historically dominating the series, holding a 35-6-3 advantage over UCSB. The rivalry has become more competitive in recent times, with UCSB having an advantage over UCLA throughout the 2000s and 2010s, specifically during the 2006 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Tournament, where UCSB defeated UCLA in the final to win their first national championship.
In 2007, the college soccer website, CollegeSoccerNews.com rated the rivalry as the seventh-best college soccer rivalry in the nation.
Rivalry
History
UCLA began their soccer program in the late 1930s, while UC Santa Barbara began their soccer program in the mid 1960s. The first meeting between the two sides was in 1967, where UCLA posted a 3–1 victory over UCSB. UCLA would win every encounter between the two sides until 1982, when UCSB registered its first win against UCLA.
For much of the rivalry until the 21st century, the series was heavily lopsided in favor of UCLA. In 2006, the series became more intense when the two sides met in St. Louis for the 2006 NCAA Championship Game, which UCSB emerged victorious. Since then, the rivalry has been more evenly split between the two sides.
Series
Sources:
References
College soccer rivalries in the United States
UCLA Bruins men's soccer
UC Santa Barbara Gauchos men's soccer
Soccer in Los Angeles
1967 establishments in California
John Robertson is a stand-up comedian, and author born in Perth, Western Australia.
Career
Stand-up
Robertson began his stand-up career in 2002 at the age of 17. Upon moving to the United Kingdom, after developing his stand-up career, he debuted at the Edinburgh Fringe in 2010 with his solo show, A Nifty History of Evil. He has since performed at the Edinburgh Fringe every year since, often in parallel to his live-action video game stand-up show, The Dark Room.
Robertson's style of comedy can be described as insult comedy, with the majority of his set often being improvised, and targeted at the audience. He is also a Puppeteer and Ukulele player, and has incorporated these skills within his act.
Robertson has performed in venues as large as the National Exhibition Centre in Birmingham as part of the Insomnia Gaming Festival, and at the London Film and Comic Con and MCM London Comic Con. Robertson also performs at established comedy venues including The Stand Comedy Club, Gilded Balloon, and Komedia in Brighton.
Twitch streaming
Robertson began streaming improvised comedy content on Twitch on 20 January 2020. Initially streaming one night a week (as 'Monday Night Robbo'), this increased to multiple streams a week in April 2020, following the closure of UK comedy clubs due to a pandemic of COVID-19 in the UK, with streams covering both British and Australian time zones. Robertson's channel has over 10,000 followers as of August 2020 with over 200 viewers on average for his most popular Saturday evening stream.
The Dark Room
Robertson's main performing outside of his stand-up work is the point-and-click 'live-action video game' The Dark Room, a comedy show where the audience compete with Robertson, in his alter ego as 'The Guardian' of a virtual Dark Room resembling a 1980s text-based Interactive fiction Video game adventure video game, which the audience tries to escape. Players are selected from the audience are invited to choose between multiple options on screen to advance, and escape the initial room they awake to find themselves in.
Originally devised off-the-cuff as part of a set at an anime convention, the positive reception lead him to develop this into a full YouTube-based game, structured around individual videos linked together with clickable links embedded into the game. After going viral in 2012, and with over 4 million views, its success lead to its developed as a fully-fledged video game on the platform Steam.
The Dark Room has previously been intended to be developed for television as of 2018, however this has not yet been produced.
Writing
Robertson's first children's book, The Little Town of Marrowville was published in 2019 by Penguin Books, and illustrated by Louis Ghibault. The idea of Robertson writing a children's book was suggested by an editor at Penguin who had enjoyed the Dark Room show.
Robertson has also written several articles on subjects ranging from video gaming, to children's book villains.
Television
Robertson first appeared on television in 2003 on Australian Idol, giving an over-the-top performance of Surfin' Bird by The Trashmen, which ended in him feigning a seizure to prank the judges.
His first professional television appearance was as a guest contributor on video game review show Videogame Nation from 2014, whereupon his positive reception (with Den of Geek describing him as 'the only reason to watch the show') lead him to become a full-time presenter, notable for his catchphrase 'hi-def, high-five!', that also ended the show's final episode in June 2016.
Video games
Further to his work in creating The Dark Room video game, Robertson has also acted as a comedy consultant for a number of AAA (video game industry) video game companies.
Reception
In 2011, The Sunday Times Magazine wrote, "Robertson's charismatic, stream of consciousness, pop culture infused performances can veer assuredly between homicidal 20th century despots and, for example, a retooling of the Little Match Girl fable – she still dies, but because she's six years into a three year Communications degree, all is for the best."
The Age described Robertson's 2012 show Disturbing Stories for Disturbing Bedtime as "astute, amoral comedy for the morbidly inclined," saying that "his material — whether he's dissecting modern drama or advocating the murder of The Sound of Music's Maria Von Trapp – is edgy, intelligent, and smoothly delivered, though the appearance of a ukulele feels like a hangover from an earlier show, and a late moment of sentiment is a touch too contrived."
A 2017 review in The Plymouth Evening Herald admired Robertson's ability to steal an audience member's beer, and have the audience cheer him on.
Personal life
Robertson married fellow performer Jo Marsh (alias JoJo Bellini) in June 2013, and currently lives in London, United Kingdom.
References
Australian comedians
Edinburgh Comedy Festival
1985 births
Living people
The Prophet: The Best of the Works is an album by American rapper 2Pac, released in 2003 by Death Row Records. The album includes several songs from All Eyez on Me, The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory and Thug Life: Volume 1.
Track listing
Only God Can Judge Me, Tradin' War Stories, Skandalouz, 2 of Amerikaz Most Wanted, California Love & All Eyez On Me, all originally appeared in All Eyez On Me.
Just Like Daddy, Me & My Girlfriend, Against All Odds, To Live & Die in L.A. & Life Of An Outlaw, all originally appeared in The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory.
Pour Out A Little Liquor, originally appeared on the Above The Rim soundtrack.
Wanted Dead Or Alive, originally appeared on the Gridlock'd soundtrack.
Staring Through My Rear View, original appeared on the Gang Related soundtrack.
Chart history
Album
References
Compilation albums published posthumously
2003 greatest hits albums
Tupac Shakur compilation albums
Death Row Records compilation albums
Karen Levine (born 1955) is a Canadian radio producer and writer. Her radio documentaries have won two Peabody Awards.
She has worked for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) for over thirty years, working on shows such as The Sunday Edition, As It Happens, Morningside and This Morning. She now lives in Toronto.
Her radio documentary for CBC Hana's Suitcase won a gold medal at the New York International Radio Festival. In 2002, she published a book based on that documentary Hana's Suitcase: A True Story. An international best-seller, the book received the Sydney Taylor Book Award for older readers, the Canadian Library Association Book of the Year for Children Award, the Flora Stieglitz Straus Award and the Isaac Frischwasser Memorial Award in Children's Literature. It appeared on the short lists for the Norma Fleck Award and the Governor General's Award for English-language children's literature. The book was adapted into a play by Emil Sher and a 2009 documentary film, Inside Hana's Suitcase, by Larry Weinstein.
Levine was producer for the CBC radio documentaries Lost Innocence: The Children of World War II and A Murder in the Neighbourhood which received Peabody Awards in 1989 and 2001 respectively.
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
Canadian radio producers
Canadian women non-fiction writers
Writers from Ottawa
Canadian women children's writers
Canadian radio writers
Women radio writers
Women radio producers
Dachshund homolog 2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the DACH2 gene.
Function
This gene is one of two genes which encode a protein similar to the Drosophila protein dachshund, a transcription factor involved in cell fate determination in the eye, limb and genital disc of the fly. The encoded protein contains two characteristic dachshund domains: an N-terminal domain responsible for DNA binding and a C-terminal domain responsible for protein-protein interactions. This gene is located on the X chromosome and is subject to inactivation by DNA methylation. The encoded protein may be involved in regulation of organogenesis and myogenesis, and may play a role in premature ovarian failure.
References
Further reading
The Jing-Mei White Terror Memorial Park () is a museum in Xindian District, New Taipei, Taiwan.
History
The building used to serve as military school in 1957–1967. It later housed military courts and a detention center called the Jingmei Military Detention Center () for political dissidents during the White Terror period. Former prisoners in the detention center include Annette Lu, Chen Chu and Shih Ming-teh. In 1991, the center was closed.
In 2007, the center was turned into a human rights memorial and museum featuring Taiwan's democracy movement at the suggestion of Vice President Annette Lu. In early April 2009, the Council for Cultural Affairs changed the name of the site to Jing-Mei Human Rights Memorial and Cultural Park.
In 2018, the ownership has moved to National Human Rights Museum which establish in the same year, and changed the name of the site to its current name Jing-Mei White Terror Memorial Park.
Transportation
The museum is accessible within walking distance north west from Dapinglin Station of Taipei Metro.
See also
List of museums in Taiwan
Green Island White Terror Memorial Park
References
External links
Tsai touts achievements in human rights, justice Taipei Times
KMT's Chiang visits human rights park Taipei Times
EDITORIAL: KMT's whitewashing not forgotten Taipei Times
2007 establishments in Taiwan
Museums in New Taipei
White Terror (Taiwan)
Memorial parks in Taiwan
Pervomayskoye (; , Üç-Avlaq) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kayakentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 8,930 as of 2010. There are 90 streets.
Geography
Pervomayskoye is located 20 km northwest of Novokayakent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Sagasi-Deybuk and Izberbash are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Kayakentsky District
Matter is the online magazine published by Matter Studios, a multi-platform content studio owned by Twitter founder Evan Williams (Internet entrepreneur)
History and profile
Matter began life as an online publication specializing in long-form articles about science, technology, medicine and the environment. The founders, journalists Bobbie Johnson and Jim Giles, funded the project by raising $140,000 on Kickstarter in March 2012. Following the successful campaign, an initial release of the online magazine was designed by Paul Lloyd and Jeremy Keith of Clearleft, and developed by Phil Gyford. The success of the campaign generated discussion about new business models in journalism.
In April 2013, Johnson and Giles announced that Matter had been acquired by Medium, a new publishing platform established by Twitter founder Ev Williams. In June 2014, Matter was relaunched as a general interest publication under editor-in-chief Mark Lotto.
In February 2016, Matter became the first digital publication to win a National Magazine Award in the prestigious category of reporting, for Joshua Hammer's story on the Ebola epidemic, "My Nurses Are Dead, and I Don't Know If I'm Already Infected."
In March 2016, Medium spun off Matter into an independent company, Matter Studios, owned by Medium founder Ev Williams. As part of its expansion into Matter Studios, under co-chief creative officers Mark Lotto and Hillary Frey, it produces digital journalism, podcasts, books, live events, documentaries and web series.
References
External links
Official website
Online magazines published in the United States
English-language magazines
Kickstarter-funded publications
Magazines established in 2012
Popular science magazines
Science and technology magazines published in the United States
Sam Britton is a former Republican member of the Mississippi Public Service Commission representing the Southern District since his election in 2015 to replace the outgoing Steve Renfroe. The Southern District includes Adams, Amite, Clarke, Covington, Forrest, Franklin, George, Greene, Hancock, Harrison, Jackson, Jasper, Jones, Jefferson Davis, Lamar, Lawrence, Lincoln, Marion, Pearl River, Perry, Pike, Simpson, Smith, Stone, Walthall, Wayne and Wilkinson counties.
Biography
Sam Britton grew up in Waynesboro, Mississippi where his mother worked in the school lunchroom and drove a school bus. His father worked in the oil industry as a roughneck. Neither parent attended college but both instilled the value of hard work and the importance of education in their children as all five graduated from college, four going on to earn master's degrees.
Britton graduated from Jones County Junior College before attending the University of Southern Mississippi where he completed a business degree. After school, he worked with his uncle in their pipeline construction business. After the oil shock of the early 1980s, Britton returned to school and completed a degree in accounting, his second bachelor's degree from University of Southern Mississippi.
After receiving an accounting degree and completing the requirements necessary to become a Certified Public Accountant, Britton started his own accounting firm.
In his combined thirty years of experience in finance and accounting, Britton has held positions within the offices of the State Auditor and State Tax Commission. While working as a CPA and in his role as Public Service Commissioner, Britton often speaks to university business students and various community groups on finance and government.
Britton also holds certifications in areas including Accredited in Business Valuation, Certified Valuation Analyst, Certification in Financial Forensics, Personal Financial Specialist, Chartered Global Management Accountancy, and Charter Mergers & Acquisition and was recognized by the Mississippi Business Journal in 2014 as a "Mississippi Leader in Finance."
Britton has completed several marathons including the Marine Corps Marathon in Washington, D.C., The New York City Marathon and the San Francisco Marathon.
Elections
Britton was elected Mississippi Public Service Commissioner for the Southern District in November 2015 with over 60% of the vote defeating Democratic candidate Tom Blanton and Reform candidate Lonny Spence. He ran for Secretary of State of Mississippi in the 2019 Mississippi elections, but lost to Michael Watson.
References
External links
Official Website at Mississippi Public Service Commission
Campaign Website
Mississippi Republicans
University of Southern Mississippi alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Chester Dewey (October 25, 1784 – December 15, 1867) was an American botanist, antislavery activist, clergyman and educator.
Early life
Chester Dewey was born in Sheffield, Massachusetts, on October 25, 1784, to Elizabeth Owen and Stephen Dewey. He studied for the ministry at Williams College, graduated in 1806, and officiated at Tryingham, Massachusetts. Even though he gave up preaching as his primary profession after only a few months, he never really retired from the pulpit. He also assisted his brother, Loring D. Dewey in his efforts to create a school of U.S. Blacks. For the remainder of his life he accepted frequent invitations to preach, in scores of churches in many places and did nearly as much work of this kind as if preaching were his only occupation. Dewey was professor of mathematics and natural philosophy at Williams College from 1810 to 1827. He was elected an Associate Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1818. From 1850 until 1860 he was professor of chemistry and natural philosophy in the University of Rochester.
Personal life
Dr. Dewey married Sarah Dewey of Stockbridge, Mass., in 1810 and had five children. She died in 1823. In 1825 he married Olivia Hart, the eldest child of Lemuel Pomeroy, Jr., of Pittsfield, Mass.
Career
Dewey's entire life was given to scientific pursuits, and he held a high position among American naturalists. He made the study of grasses a specialty, and discovered and described several new species. The degree of M.D. was conferred upon him by Yale in 1825, D.D. by Union in 1838 and LL.D. by Williams in 1850. He was a careful and accurate observer of the weather, and his notes were published in regular monthly reports. His papers on some of the "Families and Natural Orders of Plants", published in the American Journal of Science, attracted the attention of some of the leading European botanists, and led to a correspondence with them. In the class of "carices" he was a recognized authority, and his writings on that subject make an elaborate monograph, upon which he labored for more than forty years. His "History of the Herbaceous Plants of Massachusetts" was published by that state. His latest writings were review articles on "The True Place of Man in Zoology" and "An Examination of Some Reasonings Against the Unity of Mankind."
In botany, Dewey is known chiefly as a student of the genus Carex. For 43 years (1824–1867) he contributed to the pages of the American Journal of Science a series of papers entitled "Caricography". Recognized by his contemporaries as one of the few outstanding authorities on a perplexing and not at all showy group, he seems at the same time to have been looked at askance by the more cautious of them. Dewey's important collections contained 97 types of species and varieties proposed by him.
In 1863, Dewey was elected as a member of the American Philosophical Society.
Death
He died in Rochester, New York, on December 15, 1867. Dewey bequeathed his herbarium, one of the most complete in the country, as well as his carices library, to Williams College.
Taxonomist abbreviation
Notes
References
Proceedings, American Philosophical Society (vol. 85, 1942)
Semi-centennial history of the city of Rochester, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers (1884)
Attribution
External links
Chester Dewey
Chester Dewey's Introductory lecture delivered to the medical class of the Berkshire Medical Institution: August 5, 1847
American botanists
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Williams College alumni
University of Rochester faculty
People from Sheffield, Massachusetts
1784 births
1867 deaths
The Scottish Representative Peers Act 1707 (6 Ann c 78) was an act of the Parliament of Great Britain.
The whole act was repealed by sections 4 and 7(2) of, and Schedule 2 to, the Peerage Act 1963.
Title
In the title, the words from "and for the further" were repealed by section 1 of, and Schedule 1 to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1948.
See also
Representative peer
References
Halsbury's Statutes,
Great Britain Acts of Parliament 1707
The banded barbet (Lybius undatus) is a species of bird in the family Lybiidae. It is found in Eritrea and Ethiopia.
The little-known banded barbet is very widely distributed throughout Ethiopia between 300 and 2400 metres (1000–8000 feet). Although the numbers and abundance of this species have not been determined, it seems to vary from being uncommon in the north-west and cast to locally common elsewhere in the country, living singly or in pairs in trees near water.
Taxonomy
The banded barbet is somewhat of a mystery bird that has been placed in the genus Lybius for the time being. It could represent an evolutionary link between the sister genera Tricholaema and Lybius.
Description
This barbet is approximately 20–25 cm long, stocky-looking, with a large head and a heavy bill with the bristles that the Lybius species is known for. It has been reported to eat insects (beetles) and the fruit of fig trees. The barbet has been described also to hawk insects like a flycatcher and to hang from a branch upside down like a tit. Its call notes are metallic and it produces also a "gr-gr-grgrgr..." in rising tempo. The barbet has been reported to nest in a hole in a branch of a tree or in a tree or in a stump. This barbet lays approximately two to four eggs when reproducing and those eggs incubate for 13–15 days. Both the parents share the parental nesting responsibilities.
References
banded barbet
Birds of the Horn of Africa
banded barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Dia de les Illes Balears (English: Day of the Balearic Islands) is a celebration and public holiday in the Balearic Islands.
It's celebrated every year on 1 March and it commemorates the creation of the Balearic Statute of Autonomy within the Spanish Constitution that became effective on 1 March 1983.
References
Balearic culture
National days
Public holidays in Spain
March observances
Wulfsige was a medieval Archbishop of York.
Wulfsige was consecrated sometime after 808 and he died between 830 and 837.
Citations
References
External links
Archbishops of York
9th-century archbishops
Gary F. Marcus (born February 8, 1970) is an American scientist, author, and entrepreneur who is a professor in the Department of Psychology at New York University and was founder and CEO of Geometric Intelligence, a machine learning company later acquired by Uber.
His books include Guitar Zero, which appeared on the New York Times Best Seller list and Kluge: The Haphazard Construction of the Human Mind, a New York Times Editors' Choice. With Jeremy Freeman, he was co-editor of The Future of the Brain: Essays by the World's Leading Neuroscientists.
Biography
Marcus attended Hampshire College, where he designed his own major, cognitive science, working on human reasoning. He continued on to graduate school at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where his advisor was the experimental psychologist Steven Pinker. He received his Ph.D. in 1993.
His books include The Algebraic Mind: Integrating Connectionism and Cognitive Science, The Birth of the Mind: How a Tiny Number of Genes Creates the Complexities of Human Thought, Kluge: The Haphazard Construction of the Human Mind, a New York Times Editors' Choice, and Guitar Zero, which appeared on the New York Times Bestseller list. He edited The Norton Psychology Reader, and was co-editor with Jeremy Freeman of The Future of the Brain: Essays by the World's Leading Neuroscientists, which included Nobel Laureates May-Britt Moser and Edvard Moser.
In 2014, he founded Geometric Intelligence, a machine learning company. It was acquired by Uber in 2016.
Theories of language and mind
Marcus' research and theories focus on the intersection between biology and psychology. How do the brain and mind relate when it comes to understanding language? Marcus takes an innatism stance on this debate and through his psychological evidence has given many answers to open questions such as, "If there is something built in at birth, how does it get there?" He challenged connectionist theories which posit that the mind is only made up of randomly arranged neurons. Marcus argues that neurons can be put together to build circuits in order to do things such as process rules or process structured representations.
Research and written work
Marcus' early work focused on why children produce overregularizations, such as "breaked" and "goed", as a test case for the nature of mental rules.
In his first book, The Algebraic Mind: Integrating Connectionism and Cognitive Science, Marcus challenged the idea that the mind might consist of largely undifferentiated neural networks. He argued that understanding the mind would require integrating connectionism with classical ideas about symbol-manipulation.
In his second book, published in 2004, The Birth of the Mind: How a Tiny Number of Genes Creates the Complexities of Human Thought, Marcus goes into a more detailed explanation of the genetic support systems of human thought. He explains how a small number of genes account for the intricate human brain, common false impressions of genes, and the problems they may cause for the future of genetic engineering.
In 2005, Marcus was editor of The Norton Psychology Reader, including selections by cognitive scientists on modern science of the human mind.
Marcus' 2012 book, Guitar Zero, explores the process of taking up a musical instrument as an adult.
As of May 2022, Marcus writes a newsletter with his perspective on Artificial intelligence research. In his first article, he criticized the usage of massive amounts of data to build AI systems, and argues, "If we are to build AGI, we are going to need to learn something from humans, how they reason and understand the physical world, and how they represent and acquire language and complex concepts."
Publications
Books
Marcus, G.; Davis, E. (2019). Rebooting AI: Building Artificial Intelligence We Can Trust. Pantheon/Random House
Marcus, G.; Freeman, J. (ed.) (2014). The Future of the Brain: Essays by the World's Leading Neuroscientists. Princeton University Press
Marcus, G. F. (2012). Guitar Zero: The New Musician and the Science of Learning. The Penguin Press
Marcus, G. F. (2008). Kluge: The haphazard construction of the human mind. Houghton Mifflin.
Marcus, G. F. (ed.) (2006) The Norton Psychology Reader. New York: W. W. Norton.
Marcus, G. F. (2004). The Birth of The Mind: How a Tiny Number of Genes Creates the Complexities of Human Thought. New York: Basic Books.
Marcus, G. F. (2001). The Algebraic Mind: Integrating Connectionism and Cognitive Science. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.
Book chapters
Fernandes, K., Marcus, G., DiNubila, J, & Vouloumanos, A. (2005). Generalizing Argument Structure in the Third Year of Life. Proceedings of the 29th BU Conference on Language Development, Volume 1, Cascadilla Press. 192-203. [superseded by Fernandes, Marcus, DiNubila, and Vouloumanos, 2006]
Storjohann, R. & Marcus, G. F. (2001) NeuroGene: Integrated simulation of gene regulation, neural activity and neurodevelopment. Proceedings of the 2005 International Joint INNS-IEEE Conference on Neural Networks. In press.
Marcus, G. F. (2005). What developmental biology can tell us about innateness and. In The Innate Mind: Structure and Content, P. Carruthers, S. Laurence and S. Stich (eds.). Oxford University Press.
Marcus, G. F. (2001). Pasticity and nativism: Towards a resolution of an apparent paradox. In. S. Wermter, J. Austin and D. Willshaw (eds.) Emergent neural computational architectures based on neuroscience. Springer-Verlag, pp. 368–382.
Marcus, G. F. (2000). Two kinds of representations. In E. Deitrch & A. Markman (Eds.), Cognitive dynamics: Conceptual and representational change in humans and machines Mahwah, NJ: Erlbaum.
Marcus, G. F. (2000). Children's Overregularization and Its Implications for Cognition. In P. Broeder, & J. Murre (eds). Models of Language Acquisition: Inductive and deductive approaches. Oxford: Oxford University Press, pp 154–176. [not currently available on-line]
Marcus, G. F. (1999). Poverty of the stimulus arguments. In R. Wilson and F. C. Keil, (eds.) Encyclopedia of Cognitive Science. Cambridge MA, MIT Press., pp 660–661. [not currently available on-line]
Bartke, S., Marcus, G. F., Clahsen, H. (1995). Acquiring German noun Plurals. In D. MacLaughlin & S. McEwen (eds.) Proceedings of the 19th Annual Boston University Conference on Language Development. Boston: Cascadilla Press. [not currently available on-line]
Clahsen, H., Marcus, G. F., Bartke, S., & Wiese, R. (1995). Compounding and inflection in German child language. Geert Booij and Jaap van Marle (eds.), Yearbook of Morphology 1995. Kluwer, 1-28. An earlier version appeared in Essex Research Reports in Linguistics, #1, University of Essex, Colchester, England [not currently available on-line].
Marcus, G. F., Brinkmann, U., Clahsen, H., Wiese, R., Woest, A., and Pinker, S. (1993). German inflection: The exception that proves the rule. In Proceedings of 15th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society. p. 670-675. Hillsdale, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum. [not currently available on-line]
Kim, J. J., Marcus, G. F., Hollander, M. and Pinker, S. (1991). Children's inflection is sensitive to morphological structure. Papers and Reports on Child Language Development 30: 39-46. [not currently available on-line]
Book reviews
Marcus. G. (2004). Programs of the Mind [Review of What is Thought by Eric Baum]. Science. 304, 1450-1451.
Marcus, G. F. (2001). A gift for language [Review Pathways to Language by Karmiloff & Karmiloff-Smith]. 89, 456-458. [not currently available on-line]
Marcus, G. F. (2000). Review of The Evolution of Mind edited by Denise D. Cummins and Colin Allen. Human behavior and evolution, 21, 63-64. [not currently available on-line]
Marcus, G. F. (1997) Review of Exercises in rethinking innateness. Trends in Cognitive Sciences, 1, 318-319. [not currently available on-line]
Marcus, G. F. (1994). Review of Spoken Language Comprehension: An Experimental Approach to Disordered and Normal Processing by Lorraine Komisarjevsky Tyler. Mind & Language, 9 (1), 102-104. [not currently available on-line]
Marcus, G. F. (1993). Review of Morphology and mind: A unified approach to explanation in linguistics by Christopher Hall. Applied Psycholinguistics, 14, 413-416. [not currently available on-line]
References
External links
Home Page
Video - discussion with Marcus and Eric Schoenberg on Bloggingheads.tv
Video (and audio) of science interview/discussion with Marcus and Carl Zimmer on Bloggingheads.tv
Video - from Authors@Google series featuring Gary Marcus
1970 births
Developmental psycholinguists
Cognitive scientists
New York University faculty
Hampshire College alumni
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
Living people
Oakey Streak Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church in Butler County, Alabama. The congregation was organized in 1831, and the land where the current church sits was given to the church in 1851. A log building was erected soon after, replaced by the current frame structure around the 1880s. The church was expanded and a bell tower was added in 1903. Along with the adjacent Masonic Lodge, which was demolished in the 1940s, the church was the social center of the area.
The church is built in Gothic Revival style, common among rural churches, and especially Methodist churches, in the South. The sanctuary is 32 feet wide by 48 feet long (9.8 by 14.6 m), with a front-facing gable roof and a box cornice with returns. The pyramidal roofed bell tower has a narrow one-over-one sash windows on each side, and a double entry door, covered by a simple pedimented overhang. An arched transom sits above the entryway. The tower is flanked by two Gothic lancet windows. Each side of the sanctuary has four equally-spaced two-over-two sashes.
The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
References
External links
Historical Marker Database
Methodist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Butler County, Alabama
Gothic Revival church buildings in Alabama
Churches in Butler County, Alabama
Myth Conceptions is a novel by Robert Lynn Asprin published in 1981.
Plot summary
Myth Conceptions is a novel in which the apprentice wizard Skeeve serves a demon from Perv and they are hired as court wizards to defeat an army.
Reception
Greg Costikyan reviewed Myth Conceptions in Ares Magazine #8 and commented that "the field of humorous science fiction has too long been without a steady practitioner. Asprin fills the gap admirably, and it is to be hoped that he will continue in the same rich vein."
Reviews
Review by Tom Staicar (1982) in Amazing Science Fiction Stories, September 1982
Review by Don D'Ammassa (1993) in Science Fiction Chronicle, #166 September 1993
References
1981 novels
Chloe Merrick (1832–1897) was an American educator who worked to educate and improve the welfare of freedmen and their children. She established a school on Amelia Island, Florida during and after the American Civil War. In addition to teaching, she conducted appeals to her hometown of Syracuse, New York for contributions of money, goods, and clothes. She also established an orphanage. She later taught freedmen in North Carolina, where she moved for her health. In 1869, Merrick married Florida Republican Governor Harrison M. Reed. She is believed to have influenced his administration in its support for education and welfare for all residents. Public education was expanded in the state in the early 1870s for both black and white children. After Reed left office, Merrick continued to work on those issues, serving in Jacksonville, Florida for several years on the board of the new St. Luke's Hospital Association in the 1880s, which founded the city's first hospital.
Life
Merrick was born near Syracuse, New York in 1832, the youngest child of Sylvanus and Achsah (Pollard) Merrick, who lived near the city. Her siblings, and their ages when she was born, were Montgomery, 20, and Charles, 17, and Emma, 3. Their mother died when Chloe was young and the family moved into the city. With growth after the completion of the Erie Canal through the Mohawk Valley, the city offered many opportunities.
She and her brothers were influenced by the abolitionist movement, which strengthened from the 1840s, and growing support for women's suffrage and rights. Her brothers resisted the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850, taking part in freeing a fugitive slave from court to gain him freedom in Canada. Chloe Merrick taught in Syracuse public schools from 1854 to 1856, and 1860 to 1862, as did her sister Emma and her husband Ansel Kinne, who also served as a principal. The three teachers were close throughout their careers.
In late 1862 Merrick responded to a local effort through the new Freedmen's Relief Association of Syracuse, part of a national organization. She volunteered for one of two positions to teach in Fernandina, Florida. Freed slaves had congregated there on Amelia Island, Florida, which was occupied by Union forces. She left Syracuse in 1863 to work on the island, which had been used for plantation agriculture. There were 1200 former slaves and 200 whites living on the island. Some 200 of the freedmen had volunteered for the Union Army, leaving their families behind. Many of the blacks and whites were living in poverty and needed assistance from the government to survive. In addition to teaching them, Merrick raised money for clothing and supplies for the needy. She appealed to her community of Syracuse to aid the people at Fernandina.
Merrick also opened an orphan asylum on the island, which served both black and white children. She collaborated with others to fund the purchase and renovation of the Finegan plantation, which the National Freedmen's Relief Association bought at a tax sale to establish a school. She returned to Syracuse to raise money for this purpose. Under President Andrew Johnson, Confederates reclaimed some of their confiscated properties. In 1866 Merrick had to give up this property and move the orphanage to the St. John's River.
Her brother-in-law Ansel Kinne was appointed as Superintendent of Florida's Freedmen's Bureau schools, starting after the war.
Merrick met the widower Harrison M. Reed in 1863, when he was serving as Tax Commissioner of Florida and toured Amelia Island to review the confiscation of Confederate properties. He courted her, continuing after she left Florida for her health and was working in North Carolina and he had been elected as governor of Florida. They married in 1869 in Syracuse, New York, at the house of her sister Emma and brother-in-law Ansel Kinne. Reed served as governor of Florida from 1868 until 1873.
He was influenced by her efforts to support education and ease the plight of the poor with legislative programs. This included seeking a bill to establish a state university. They had a son, Harrison Jr., together. The public schools in Florida continued to grow: in 1870 there were 250 schools with 7500 children; by 1872, there were 444 schools serving 16,258.
After Reed left office, they lived on a farm south of Jacksonville, Florida along the St. John's River in Duval County. He struggled financially but was elected as state representative from this district. They were busy in community affairs. In addition, Reed received an appointment in 1889 as Tallahassee's postmaster, for the duration of Benjamin Harrison's administration.
Merrick supported legislative and local efforts to alleviate social problems, improve education, and provide relief for the poor. Among these was a privately funded hospital in Jacksonville, organized by Merrick's wealthy sister-in-law, Martha Reed Mitchell. In 1882 Merrick joined the St. Luke's Hospital Association, serving as vice-president and then treasurer for two years each.
Merrick died in 1897 after a long illness following a stroke. She was posthumously honored in the late 20th century as a Great Floridian by a plaque at the historic Simmons-Merrick House at 102 South 10th Street in Fernandina Beach.
References
Further reading
Sarah Whitmer Foster and John T. Foster, Jr., "Chloe Merrick Reed: Freedom's First Lady", The Florida Historical Quarterly Vol. 71, No. 3 (Jan., 1993), pp. 279–299
1832 births
1897 deaths
Schoolteachers from Florida
19th-century American women educators
People from Fernandina Beach, Florida
People from Syracuse, New York
First Ladies and Gentlemen of Florida
19th-century American educators
Flaccid paralysis is a term used in tactical shooting when a headshot is taken and the bullet enters the cranial cavity in the "T-box". T-box shots are normally made in a situation where the suspect is armed and holding a hostage, usually at gun or knife point. The T-zone is roughly a T-shaped area from the outside of one eye socket to the outside of other eye socket and extending down the bridge of the nose to the upper lip. This area forms the "T" from which it derives its name. The bullet strikes and severs the spinal column causing flaccid paralysis and eliminates the possibility of involuntary muscle spasms. The advantage of flaccid paralysis is the subject is rendered incapacitated instantaneously preventing involuntary muscle contraction that may pull the trigger or cause other movements that may injure or kill the hostage. This is a difficult shot even by the best marksmen.
References
"The Military and Police Sniper: Advanced Precision Shooting for Combat and Law Enforcement" by Mike R. Lau
Injuries of head
Heli Rekula (born 28 February 1963) is a Finnish photographer and video maker. She is a member of "The Helsinki School" of photography.
Life
Rekula was born in Helsinki in 1963. Rekula graduated from the Lahti Institute of Design photography course in 1991.
In the 1990s and early 2000s, she worked as a freelance photographer contributing to the newspaper Helsingin Sanomat. She has taught Art and Design at the Academy of Fine Arts. In 2008 she was chosen to be the Finn who would spend a year in Ireland as part of an exchange. She was based at the Temple Bar Gallery and Studios in Dublin. Between 2009 and 2015, she worked as Professor of Photography at the Bergen Academy of Art and Design before becoming Senior University Lecturer at the Master's Programme in Photography at Aalto University.
In 2001, Rekula participated in the Venice Biennale. Rekula has been awarded the Ars Fennica Award in 2002 photography State Prize in 2005 and the Finnish Art Society Prize for Literature in 2014 of her work Hemingway's Garden. Rekula has made a study of the influences on the writer Ernest Hemingway.
Rekula won the Carnegie Art Award in 2012. Her works from the years 1989–2004 were featured in Kiasma - the Museum of Contemporary Art in 2005 in a large retrospective exhibition DESERT.
References
1963 births
Living people
People from Helsinki
Finnish photographers
Finnish video artists
Finnish women photographers
Kerala Samajam Model School (KSMS) is one of the best private English-medium co-educational school in Jamshedpur, Jharkhand, India that was established in 1981. It is managed by a Board of Trustees and affiliated to the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations.
House System
The students are divided into four houses, namely Charity, Hope, Joy, and Peace. The students from these houses compete throughout the year. The House Championship is given to the house with maximum points after the Annual Sports Day, which is generally held in early December.
Main Events
Annual academic prize night in June/July.
Annual Youth Festival in December.
Annual Sports Meet in November/December.
Safety week and Ethics Day.
Graduation Night and picnic for Std.12 in January.
May Day, Republic Day, Independence Day, Teacher's Day & Children's Day celebrations.
Primary/Middle School Function.
Kerala Samajam Hindi School(KSHS)
Back in 1991, some stray incidents of stone-pelting and hurling abuse by some slum kids in the vicinity upset the serenity of Kerala Samajam Model School (KSMS), one of the premier English-medium schools in Jamshedpur. These children hailed from the lowest rung of society and their parents neither had the means nor the awareness to send their children to school. A Total Literacy Mission survey by KSMS revealed that the dimension of such underprivileged and Out-of-School Children is much wider and urgency was felt to bring them within the ambit of School Education. But the question was how do we do it? We decided to experiment with the idea of using the “idle hours” of the school to bring these kids into the mainstream.
KSMS Project School has been running uninterruptedly since, and its student strength has gone up from 50 to 1472. After experimenting with this concept for six years and inspired by this success story, four more such Afternoon Schools were started in the campus of the English-Medium Schools run under the banner of Kerala Public School Trust.
Thus, today, five Afternoon Schools are run in the premises of Kerala Samajam Model School and Kerala Public Schools in Jamshedpur catering to around 4,100 students.
Following our success, four additional local English-medium schools have started this program, taking the number of schools promoting this program today to nine and the total number of students to 7560. Additionally, we have been able to garner the support of local merchants, the parents of our students, and local authorities and industries in this program.
See also
Education in India
Literacy in India
List of schools in India
References
External links
Kerala Samajam Model School news
Schools in Jharkhand
Education in Jamshedpur
Educational institutions established in 1981
1981 establishments in Bihar
The men's 94 kilograms event at the 1998 Asian Games took place on 12 December 1998 at Thunder Dome, Maung Thong Thani Sports Complex.
Results
References
Results
External links
Weightlifting Database
Weightlifting at the 1998 Asian Games
The principle of distributivity states that the algebraic distributive law is valid, where both logical conjunction and logical disjunction are distributive over each other so that for any propositions A, B and C the equivalences
and
hold.
The principle of distributivity is valid in classical logic, but both valid and invalid in quantum logic.
The article "Is Logic Empirical?" discusses the case that quantum logic is the correct, empirical logic, on the grounds that the principle of distributivity is inconsistent with a reasonable interpretation of quantum phenomena.
References
Abstract algebra
Principles
Propositional calculus
Necepsia is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1910. It is native to Madagascar and to tropical Africa.
Species
Necepsia afzelii Prain - Liberia, Sierra Leone, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Cameroon, Congo, Cabinda, Gabon
Necepsia castaneifolia (Baill.) Bouchat & J.Léonard - Tanzania, Zimbabwe, Madagascar
Necepsia zairensis Bouchat & J.Léonard - Congo, Zaire
References
Euphorbiaceae genera
Acalyphoideae
Flora of Africa
Sullivan Knoll () is a lone nunatak midway between the Marty Nunataks and the Raven Mountains in the Britannia Range. It was named after Paul J. Sullivan, an electronics technician in support of the U.S. Antarctic Program at McMurdo Station.
Mountains of Oates Land
Christine Clouser is an American virologist. During her graduate studies she discovered an interest in retro viruses and has since published scientific articles on the feline leukemia virus and HIV virus.
Education and experience
Clouser started her undergraduate studies in 1993, and obtained her Bachelor of Science Degree in Chemistry from St. Cloud State University in Minnesota in 1998. She entered graduate school in 1998. During her graduate studies she completed a dissertation on the regulation of luteinizing hormone receptor, an mRNA binding protein. Clouser completed her graduate studies in 2006. She obtained a Master of Science and PhD in biological chemistry from the University of Michigan.
After completing her graduate studies, she moved to Minnesota, where she became a Postdoctoral Fellow for the University of Minnesota. In 2014 she began teaching as a research assistant professor for the University of Minnesota, working with Louis Mansky and Steven Patterson.
Contributions to virology research
Clouser works with Dr. Louis Mansky and Dr. Steven Patterson to investigate antiviral properties of ribonucleoside and nucleoside analogues against the human immunodeficiency virus. In their laboratory model system, two nucleoside analogues, decitabine and gemcitabine, have been found to cause lethal mutagenesis of the HIV-1 virus when used combination therapy. These two drugs are FDA approved and used interventionally as chemotherapy drugs. When used together, they have been found to have strong antiviral properties against HIV-1 by causing the virus to rapidly mutate, lose virulence factors, and become non-infectious.
There are advantages to using existing pharmaceuticals already approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration for treating conditions with new implications. The development of new pharmaceuticals takes time and very is costly when compared to drug repositioning: the application of using known drugs for new purposes. When HIV-1 cells were cultured and investigated in the laboratory, the research team of Christine Clouser, Louis Mansky, and Steven Patterson found a novel combination therapy for rendering the HIV-1 virus harmless by using a combination therapy of decitabine and gemcitabine. Clouse anticipate finding a way to deliver both of these in pill form, as both are currently delivered intravenously and used as treatments for other conditions.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American virologists
University of Minnesota faculty
University of Michigan alumni
St. Cloud State University alumni
Spindrift Col () is a col between hills in north-central Signy Island, 0.5 nautical miles (0.9 km) southeast of Spindrift Rocks. Named by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in association with Spindrift Rocks.
Mountain passes of Antarctica
Mohamed Suleiman (born September 27, 1988) is a Libyan futsal player.
Suleiman played for the Libya national futsal team at the 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup.
Honors
African Futsal Championship:
2008
Arab Futsal Championship:
2007, 2008
References
1988 births
Living people
Libyan men's futsal players
Jingju Temple Station is a metro station at Chengdu, Sichuan, China. It was opened on December 18, 2020 with the opening of Chengdu Metro Line 8.
Gallery
References
Chengdu Metro stations
Railway stations in China opened in 2020
The Cathedral of Our Lady of Egypt, also called Coptic Catholic Cathedral of Cairo, is a Coptic Catholic church building at 39 Mustafa Fahmi Street in Cairo, Egypt.
The cathedral serves as the main church of the Catholic Coptic Patriarchate of Alexandria (Patriarchatus Alexandrinus Coptorum) which began in 1741 as an apostolic vicariate created by Pope Benedict XIV. It was elevated to its present status in 1895 under the pontificate of Pope Leo XIII with the papal bull “Christi Domini".
It is under the pastoral responsibility of the Patriarch Ibrahim Isaac Sidrak.
See also
Catholic Church in Egypt
Our Lady of Egypt Church
References
Eastern Catholic cathedrals in Egypt
Cathedrals in Cairo
Coptic Catholic cathedrals
The Lower Prespa dialect (, Dolnoprespanski dijalekt), is a member of the western subgroup of the western group of dialects of Macedonian. This dialect is mainly spoken on the Eastern shore of Prespa Lake and Small Prespa Lake, both in North Macedonia and by the Slavic-speaking community on the Greek side of the border. The Prespa dialect spoken in the Greek community has elements of Greek such as "d/δ". This area is mainly composed of villages, such as Brajčino, Dupeni, Štrbovo, Ljubojno, western parts of the Florina regional unit and northern parts of the Kastoria regional unit. The Lower Prespa dialect is very similar to the Upper Prespa dialect and Ohrid dialect.
Phonological characteristics
use of e instead of yat: цена/cena 'price'
use of palatal j
use of ф/f and в/v instead of Old Church Slavonic х.
Morphological characteristics
use of the preposition od with possessive case: внукот од брат ми / vnukot od brat mi 'nephew through my brother'
the plural suffix -ovi is often changed to the suffix -oj: лебови > лебој / lebovi > leboj 'bread'
personal pronoun for third-person singular and plural: тој, таа, тоа, тие / toj, taa, toa, tie 'he, she, it, they'
shortening of words: Богројца/Bogrojca instead of Богородица/Bogorodica 'Virgin Mary', П'делник/P'delnik instead of Понеделник/Ponedelnik 'Monday'
loss of v: Nivno > Nino, Nivna > Nina
Typical words
мисур/misur instead of чинија/chinija 'plate/dish'
с'ти/s'ti instead of сите/site 'everyone'
воа/voa instead of ова/ova 'this one'
шо/šo instead of што/što 'what'
как/kak instead of како/kako 'how'
планучки/planučki instead of јагоди/jagodi 'strawberries'
к'ртол/k'rtol instead of компир/kompir 'potato'
даскал/daskal instead of учител/učitel 'teacher'
луканец/lukanec instead of колбас/kolbas 'sausage'
думан/duman instead of прашина/'prašina 'dust'
пепун/pepun instead of диња/dinja 'cantaloupe'
пупки/pupki instead of ќофтиња/kjoftinja 'meatball'
лафе/lafe instead of зборува/zboruva 'talk'
зборва/zborva instead of зборува/zboruva 'talk'
стори/stori instead of случи/sluči 'happen'
заек/zaek instead of зајак/zajak 'rabbit'
пули/puli instead of види//vidi 'look'
ошче/ošče instead of уште/ušte 'still'
каδе/kadhe instead of каде/kade 'where'
дека/deka or деа/dea is usually used instead of каде/kade 'where'
Some example phrases (in comparison to Standard Macedonian):Oti zborvaš kak taka? as opposed to Zošto zboruvaš kako taka? 'Why are you talking like that?'Šo ke se stori ako znaj toj? as opposed to Što ḱe se sluči ako znae toj? 'What's going to happen if he knows?'Kadhe oiš? as opposed to Kade odiš?'' 'Where are you going?'
Examples
Below is written a popular folk song from the Prespa region. The song is in the Lower Prespa dialect.
Ozgora idat Turcite,
mladi Ljubanki teraat,
napred mi odi Todorka.
Todorke mlada nevesto,
ostavi si go deteto
na tie ravni ledini
na tie tenki kamenja.
Todorka poču turčinot
si go ostavi deteto
na tie ravni ledini.
Mi pominal ovčarče
pa si go zema deteto,
pa si go glavil sluginče
kaj edna mlada vdovica.
kaj toj mi Osman Beg.
Devet mi godidi sluguval,
liceto ne i go videl
na taa mlada vdovica.
Poduvnal veter gornjaneni
i go duvnal feredžeto,
liceto i se otkrilo,
liceto na vdovicata.
I togaš si ovčarče zagrabil,
majčice mila majčice,
deka sisluguvaše devet godini
vo taa crna zandana.
Ah milo moje detence,
deka rasteše devet godini
vo tie crni zandani.
Togaš si majka zagrnal,
zaklal si turčin na guša
i kuḱa si napravil
so tie pari od sluguvanje
References
Literature
Шклифов, Бл. Долнопреспанският говор. -В: Трудове по българска диалектология. Т. 11. София: Изд. на БАН, 1979. (Shklifov, Bl. Dolnoprespanskiyat govor. -V: Trudove po balgarska dialektologiya. T. 11. Sofia: Izd. na BАN, 239 s.)
Dialects of the Macedonian language
Cold Heaven is a 1991 American supernatural thriller film directed by Nicolas Roeg, and starring Theresa Russell, James Russo, Mark Harmon, Julie Carmen, and Seymour Cassel. Its plot follows a lapsed Catholic woman whose husband inexplicably rises from the dead, profoundly challenging her beliefs. The screenplay, by Allan Scott, is based on the 1983 novel of the same name by Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore. The film score was by Stanley Myers.
Plot
Marie Davenport, a lapsed Catholic, is having an affair with Dr. Daniel Corvin, unbeknownst to her husband, Dr. Alex Davenport, also a doctor. She intends to break the news to Alex while attending a medical conference with him in Mexico. While swimming in a bay at Acapulco, Alex is struck by a passing motorboat. He is rushed to the hospital with a massive head laceration, but dies during emergency surgery.
The following morning, Marie is notified by the hospital that, prior to Alex's scheduled autopsy, his body inexplicably disappeared. Meanwhile, Daniel learns of Alex's death, and breaks the news of his affair with Marie to his girlfriend, Anna, who is infuriated. Marie returns to her home in Los Angeles while authorities attempt to locate Alex's body. Marie receives an anonymous message—which she presumes is from Daniel—asking her to travel to a hotel in Carmel-by-the-Sea that she has stayed at before, where she first met Daniel.
After visiting the local convent, Marie returns to her hotel room, where she is shocked to find Alex, seemingly alive. Alex recounts his memory of that day, and his waking up in the hospital morgue. Exhausted, Alex falls asleep, and appears to be dead, but later returns to life as he wakes. A flummoxed Marie returns to the church and speaks with Monsignor Cassidy, to whom she recounts her apostasy after her mother died when Marie was a teenager. She also tells him of a vision she had the year before while staying in Carmel-by-the-Sea: While walking along the ocean cliffs near the convent, she became fixated on two ponds below, and witnessed the Virgin Mary emerge from the water, instructing her to inform a priest that a sanctuary be rebuilt for the convent.
Daniel arrives in Carmel-by-the-Sea and meets Marie at the hotel. She explains that Alex has met her there, and is apparently alive. Marie reluctantly tells Daniel she cannot be with him, as she still feels a profound connection to Alex. Daniel, though defeated, agrees to perform a medical examination of Alex. The two decide to bring Alex to a hospital in San Francisco due to his declined physical state. Father Niles, a colleague of the Mosnignor, follows them, attempting to speak with Marie, but she denies him. When Daniel leaves for a brief work trip, Marie visits Alex in the hospital, but he reacts violently, vomiting blood. Marie is comforted by Father Niles, who trailed her to the hospital. In Father Niles's confidence, she confesses that she and Daniel orchestrated the boating accident, intending to kill Alex; she interprets Alex's return to life as God giving her a second chance.
After Alex is released from the hospital, he and Marie spend the evening together, but he awakens in the middle of the night, thrashing violently, and his head wound begins inexplicably bleeding again. She phones Father Niles for help, and returns to the convent in Carmel-by-the-Sea. There, Sister Martha, a young nun, prays on the cliffside where Marie had her vision the year before. A wind bursts across the cliffs, terrifying Marie, and a cross appears embedded in the cliffside. Meanwhile, Alex wakes alone at the hotel, his head wound miraculously healed.
Marie returns to the hotel, where Daniel arrives moments later, pursuing her. In the hotel room, Marie is met by Alex. The two embrace, as a defeated Daniel departs. Meanwhile, Father Niles, sitting on the edge of the cliff, watches the sun set.
Cast
Theresa Russell as Marie Davenport
Mark Harmon as Dr. Alex Davenport
James Russo as Daniel Corvin
Julie Carmen as Anna Corvin
Seymour Cassel as Tom Farrelly
Richard Bradford as Monsignor Cassidy
Diana Douglas as Mother St. Agnes
Talia Shire as Sister Martha
Will Patton as Father Niles
Cástulo Guerra as Dr. DeMencos
Jeanette Miller as Sister Katarina
Lenny Von Dohlen as Hotel Clerk (uncredited)
Release
Critical response
Time Out said that "Sadly, for all its technical brilliance and narrative assurance, the film's climactic scenes require an act of faith that no film-maker – Christian, agnostic or atheist – has any right to ask".
Neil Sinyard in Reference Guide to British and Irish Film Directors described it as "disappointing... unusually dour and dry in its treatment of guilt and paranoia".
Peter Rainer of the Los Angeles Times wrote that the film is "ponderous without having much weight; we keep expecting the story to fill out, to achieve a vision that matches Marie's. But the big storm-tossed finale comes across like cut-rate De Mille. This is a “religious” movie without much religious feeling. Roeg manages to work up a queasy atmosphere of impending dread in the boating scenes and the scenes between Marie and another priest (Will Patton) who keys into her visions.
Home media
Scorpion Releasing released a limited edition Blu-ray of the film on August 19, 2020.
References
External links
Lawless, Andrew: "Doubt in the Novel – Brian Moore's Cold Heaven", Three Monkeys Online
1990s mystery thriller films
1991 films
American mystery thriller films
American supernatural thriller films
American zombie films
Films about Catholic nuns
Films about Catholic priests
Films about Catholicism
Films about infidelity
Films based on novels by Brian Moore
Films directed by Nicolas Roeg
Films scored by Stanley Myers
Films set in California
Films set in Mexico
Films shot in Mexico
Marian apparitions in film
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
The 1966–67 BBC2 Floodlit Trophy was the second occasion on which the BBC2 Floodlit Trophy competition had been held.
Castleford won the trophy by beating Swinton by the score of 7-2
The match was played at Wheldon Road , Castleford, now in West Yorkshire. The attendance was 8,986 and receipts were £1,692
This was to be the second of Castleford's three victories in successive seasons in the first three Floodlit competitions
Background
This season the original eight invitees were joined by Barrow, Rochdale Hornets and Salford bringing the total of entrants up to eleven, an increase of three.
This involved the introduction of a preliminary knock-out round on a two legged home and away basis, to reduce the numbers to eight, followed by a mini-league and with the semi-finals and final stages again being on a knock out basis.
Competition and results
Preliminary round – first leg
Involved 3 matches and 6 Clubs
Preliminary round – second leg
Involved 3 matches and 6 Clubs
Round 1 – first qualifying round
Involved 4 matches and 8 Clubs
Round 2 – second qualifying round
Involved 4 matches with the same 8 clubs - but NOT reverse fixtures
Qualifying league table
Pos = Finishing position P = Games played W = Wins D = Drqw L = Lose
PF = Points scored PA = Points against Pts = League points PD = Points scored difference
To progress to the next stage
The rules stated that the four clubs with the greatest total winning margins were to qualify, and proceed, to the semi-final.
The four clubs in this case were Castleford, Widnes, Swinton and Barrow
Round 3 – semi-finals
Involved 2 matches and 4 Clubs
Final
Teams and scorers
Scoring - Try = three (3) points - Goal = two (2) points - Drop goal = two (2) points
The play-offs
Notes and comments
1 * Rochdale Hornets join the competition and play first game in the competition
2 * Salford join the competition and play first game in the competition, and first at home in the competition
3 * At the time this was the highest score, the highest aggregate score and greatest winning margin, but to be broken three weeks later
4 * Rochdale Hornets play their first game at home in the competition
5 * At the time this was the highest score, the highest aggregate score and greatest winning margin
6 * Barrow join the competition and play first game in the competition
7 * Barrow play their first game at home in the competition
8 * Wheldon Road is the home ground of Castleford. The first match was played there in 1927 and the current capacity in the region of 13,000 although the record attendance was 25,449 set in 1935 in a Challenge Cup match against Hunslet.
General information for those unfamiliar
The Rugby League BBC2 Floodlit Trophy was a knock-out competition sponsored by the BBC and between rugby league clubs, entrance to which was conditional upon the club having floodlights. Most matches were played on an evening, and those of which the second half was televised, were played on a Tuesday evening.
Despite the competition being named as 'Floodlit', many matches took place during the afternoons and not under floodlights, and several of the entrants, including Barrow and Bramley did not have adequate lighting. And, when in 1973, due to the world oil crisis, the government restricted the use of floodlights in sport, all the matches, including the Trophy final, had to be played in the afternoon rather than at night.
The Rugby League season always (until the onset of "Summer Rugby" in 1996) ran from around August-time through to around May-time and this competition always took place early in the season, in the Autumn, with the final taking place in December (The only exception to this was when disruption of the fixture list was caused by inclement weather)
See also
1966–67 Northern Rugby Football League season
1966 Lancashire Cup
1966 Yorkshire Cup
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
Rugby league county cups
References
External links
Saints Heritage Society
1896–97 Northern Rugby Football Union season at wigan.rlfans.com
Hull&Proud Fixtures & Results 1896/1897
Widnes Vikings - One team, one passion Season In Review - 1896-97
The Northern Union at warringtonwolves.org
Huddersfield R L Heritage
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
Vatomandry is a town in and the administrative center of the Vatomandry District, Atsinanana Region, Madagascar. An airport serves the city.
Etymology and location
Located on the coast, the town's name means 'Sleeping Rocks', derived from two black rocks near the shore. It is also on the path of the Canal des Pangalanes and National Road RN 11a
History
In the pre-colonial era of the 19th century, Vatomandry was a center of Hova government with an active port.
Cyclone Manou caused great damage in 2003 to the town and left 68 people dead. Cyclone Giovanna in 2012 also caused significant damage.
Religion
Roman Catholic Apostolic Prefecture of Vatomandry
Notable personalities
Didier Ratsiraka (1936-2021), former President of Madagascar
References
Populated places in Atsinanana
Feliks Nowowiejski (7 February 1877 – 18 January 1946) was a Polish composer, conductor, concert organist, and music teacher. Nowowiejski was born in Wartenburg (today Barczewo) in Warmia in the Prussian Partition of Poland (then administratively part of the Province of East Prussia, German Empire). He died in Poznań, Poland.
Childhood
Feliks Nowowiejski was born the fifth of 11 siblings. Nowowiejski's ancestors, like himself, came from Warmia, a region which was part of the Polish Kingdom prior to the First Partition of Poland in 1772. His father was Franz Adam Nowowiejski, a Pole born in 1830 in Wartenburg in Warmia (former Polish Wartembork). His grandfather was Jan Nowowiejski, born in 1730 in Warmia, who married the Pole Anna Jabłońska from Tuławki. Franz Adam Nowowiejski was a master tailor with his own workshop in Wartenburg, where he also managed a public library of Polish books. Feliks Nowowiejski's mother, née Katharina Falk, born in 1847, was the second wife of Franz Adam Nowowiejski; she was a German from the neighboring village of Butryny (at the time German Wuttrienen). While Franz Adam Nowowiejski enthusiastically promoted Polish culture, Feliks's mother displayed a strong interest in the arts, particularly as a pianist. With her participation in performances of Polish folk songs and recitations of noted poets from Poland and Germany as well as her own poetry, she fostered the formidable musical talent of her son, likely an inheritance from her. Despite the patriotic Polish stance of their father, his children spoke better German than they did Polish. As a result, even before his time in Berlin, Feliks Nowowiejski could only write and speak in German.
Education and life
Nowowiejski's family had lived in Warmia for several generations. In 1883 Feliks Nowowiejski became a pupil at the elementary school in Wartenburg at the rectory of St. Anne's Church. Due to his musical talent—he composed his first piano work, a suite of classical and contemporary dances, he entered the convent school in Święta Lipka (at the time Heiligelinde), where he was taught harmony, violin, cello, French horn, piano, and organ. However, he was unable to complete his studies because of the necessity of providing the sole support for his family. With the bankruptcy of his father's workshop, the impoverished family resettled in Olsztyn (at the time Allenstein) in 1893.
In 1893 Nowowiejski became a violinist in the orchestra of the Prussian Regiment of Grenadiers, a development that enabled him to support his parents and siblings. He then composed works for military bands and amateur orchestras. Thanks to a composition prize for his march Pod sztandarem pokoju (Under the Banner of Peace), he was able to study at the Stern Conservatory from April to September 1898. From 1888 to 1900 he assumed the post of organist at St. James' Church in Allenstein. After being awarded a second prize, he completed a three-month course in counterpoint, Palestrina, and Gregorian chant at the College of Catholic Church Music and Musical Education in Regensburg, Bavaria. He subsequently studied at the Stern Conservatory in Berlin, learning theory and counterpoint under Ludwig Bussler, composition under Wilhelm Taubert, and Gradus ad Parnassum under Heinrich Bellerman, simultaneously perfecting his organ playing under Otto Dienel and playing in the orchestra under the baton of Gustav Hollaender.
After submitting a cantata to the Royal Academy of Arts, Berlin, he was accepted into a master class for composition under Max Bruch from 1900 to 1902. At the same time he began studies in musicology and aesthetics at Frederick William University. In Berlin he came into contact with Polish intellectuals and developed a strong Polish patriotism that would often later be reflected in his works, e.g. his Warmian Motifs, Polish Courtship, or Quo Vadis.
For his oratorio Powrót syna marnotrawnego (Return of the Prodigal Son), Nowowiejski won his first Giacomo Meyerbeer Prize. With the 4,500 marks of prize money, he financed an educational tour of Germany, Bohemia, Moravia, Austria, Italy, Africa, France and Belgium, during which he met Gustav Mahler, Camille Saint-Saëns, Pietro Mascagni and Ruggero Leoncavallo. In 1903, he won the Ludwig van Beethoven Prize for his overture Swaty polskie (Polish Courtship). In 1904, for two symphonies, one in A minor (which he later withdrew) and Symphony No. 1 in B-flat Minor, he was awarded his second Giacomo Meyerbeer Prize. With the prize money, Nowowiejski continued his studies under Bruch. He became a composition teacher and choir director at St. Hedwig's Cathedral in Berlin, and later at the Dominican Church of St. Paul. In 1907 he won a composition competition in Lwów (now Lviv) with the song Żałobny pochód Kościuszki na Wawel (Funeral Procession of Kościuszko to Wawel); Tadeusz Kościuszko was a Polish general and national hero who also fought in the American Revolution; Wawel is the historic seat of Polish kings.
In 1907, he composed the massive oratorio Quo Vadis, based on the biblical novel by Polish compatriot Henryk Sienkiewicz. After its Amsterdam premiere in 1909, the oratorio was performed in more than 150 cities in Europe, and North and South America, securing Nowowiejski's international reputation.
In 1909 Nowowiejski returned to Poland (then partitioned), and settled in Kraków, where he served as director of the Krakow Music Society. He was also organist and director of the Warsaw Symphony. On 15 July 1910 - the 500th anniversary of the Battle of Grunwald - the citizens of Krakow gathered in Jan Matejko Square to sing the Rota by Maria Konopnicka under Nowowiejski's direction. Rota was a patriotic poem protesting Germanisation that Nowowiejski had set to music. In 1910, with his piece Zagasły już (Extinguished), Nowowiejski took first prize in a Lwów composing competition commemorating the 100th birthday of Frédéric Chopin. In March 1911, Nowowiejski married the Wawel music student Elżbieta Mironow-Mirocka. The couple had five children, a daughter Wanda and four sons: Feliks, Kazimierz, Adam and Jan. In 1914, Nowowiejski won the Lwów Music Prize for his choral work Danae.
Facing increasing hostility in Poland at the outbreak of World War I in 1914, Nowowiejski returned to Berlin. He came under military service, swore an oath to Emperor Wilhelm II, and served as a conductor to a military orchestra. At the end of the war, he returned to the now-Polish city of Poznań. He became a docent at the Ignacy Jan Paderewski Music Academy of Poznań, where he served as composer, conductor, and organist. His appearances as a pro-Polish speaker at the 1920 plebiscite campaigns in Warmia and Masuria (which determined whether these territories would be German or Polish) suggest an increased Polish patriotism. This in turn led to a quarrel with his former teacher Bruch, who successfully called for a German boycott of Nowowiejski's works. Thereupon Nowowiejski fell into obscurity in Germany as his music was no longer performed. In 1935. Nowowiejski received the title of papal chamberlain from Pope Pius XI for his many religious works. The next year he received the Order of Polonia Restituta, one of the nation's highest honours.
During the German invasion of Poland at the start of World War II in 1939, Nowowiejski hid first among the nuns of St. Elizabeth's Hospital in Poznań, afterwards fleeing to Kraków. He had briefly been detained under suspicion of spying for Russia (upon denunciation by a passerby). After World War II, when the region of Warmia became again part of Poland, Nowowiejski was seen increasingly as a Pole due to his pro-Polish views and Polish themes in so many of his works. He subsequently received many honours.
After a severe stroke in December 1941, Nowowiejski ended his musical productivity. After a return to Poznań in 1945, he died on 15 January 1946. His memorial grave is located at St. Adalbert's Church in Poznań.
Works
His best-known compositions include:
March, Pod sztandarem pokoju (Under the Banner of Peace, 1898, awarded a prize in London).
Oratorio, Powrót syna marnotrawnego, Op. 3 (The Return of the Prodigal Son, 1902, awarded the Giacomo Meyerbeer Prize).
Overture, Swaty polskie (Polish Courtship, 1903, awarded the ).
Oratorio, Znalezienie Świętego Krzyża, Op. 14 (The Discovery of the Holy Cross, with the famous Pace Domine, 1906).
Oratorio, Quo vadis, Op. 30 (1909).
Song, Rota (1910).
Opera, Emigranci (The Emigrants, 1917).
Opera, Legenda Bałtyku, Op. 28 (The Legend of the Baltic, 1924)
5 Orchestral symphonies (the 1st symphony is not extant) (1903, 1904, 1937, 1939, 1941)
9 organ symphonies Op. 45 (c. 1929–31)
Ballet, Król wichrów (The King of the Winds), Op. 37 (1929)
Cello Concerto, Op. 55
4 organ concertos Op. 56 (c. 1930–40)
Piano Concerto, Slavonic, Op. 60
In Paradisum, the organ poem, Op. 61 (1941)
See also
List of Polish composers
References
External links
Recordings of Nowowiejski's organ works
Scores by Feliks Nowowiejski in digital library Polona
1877 births
1946 deaths
Polish composers
Polish conductors (music)
Polish music educators
Polish organists
Commanders of the Order of Polonia Restituta
Male conductors (music)
Male organists
People from Olsztyn County
People from the Province of Prussia
"I Can't Stop Me" (stylized in all caps) is a song recorded by South Korean girl group Twice, for their second Korean-language studio album, Eyes Wide Open (2020). It was released on October 26, 2020, through JYP Entertainment and Republic Records, as the album's lead single. As the opening track of the album, the song was written by Park Jin-young and Shim Eun-ji. The song was also composed by Melanie Joy Fontana, Michel "Lindgren" Schulz, and A Wright. "I Can't Stop Me" is a synthwave and disco-infused pop song with '80s-influences and rich instrumental sound exuding a retro style. The track's lyrics describe the boundaries of the good and bad of intractable desires.
The accompanying music video, directed by Lee Gi-baek, premiered simultaneously with the release of the single. Sporting a retro atmosphere, the colorful video depicts Twice performing non-stop choreography to the song in multiple settings. To promote "I Can't Stop Me", the group appeared and performed on several South Korean music programs including M! Countdown, Music Bank, and Show! Music Core.
Background and release
Twice released their ninth Korean-language EP More & More in June 2020. The EP was a commercial success in South Korea, selling over 550,000 copies and becoming the group's best-selling album. Following the success of More & More, JYP Entertainment announced that Twice would be releasing their second Korean studio album, Eyes Wide Open in October 2020, to commemorate the group's fifth anniversary. On October 11, the group shared the track-listing of Eyes Wide Open, where "I Can't Stop Me" was revealed to be the album opener. The song was written by A Wright, Park Jin-young, Melanie Joy Fontana, Shim Eun-ji, and its producer Michel "Lindgren" Schulz. It was engineered by Sehee Eom, Eunjung Park, and Hyejin Choi, while the latter was additionally responsible for mixing alongside Tony Maserati which took place at Mirrorball Studios, North Hollywood, California. David K Younghyun was credited with assisting throughout the mixing process. PERRIE provided backing vocals for the song, and mastering was handled by Chris Gehringer at Sterling Sound, Edgewater, New Jersey. "I Can't Stop Me" was released for digital download and streaming as the lead single from Eyes Wide Open on October 26, 2020, by JYP Entertainment and Republic Records. "I Can't Stop Me" was choreographed by Jonte' Moaning, who has worked with Beyoncé for Single Ladies, as well as Kiel Tutin and Leejung Lee, who previously collaborated for More & More.
Japanese and English versions
English version
The English version of "I Can't Stop Me" was released on November 30, 2020, as a digital single.
Japanese version
Twice's fourth compilation album #Twice4, released on March 16, 2022, includes both Korean and Japanese-language versions of "I Can't Stop Me". The Japanese lyrics were written by Natsumi Watanabe.
Composition
"I Can't Stop Me" has been described as an '80s synthwave and pop song, with elements of disco. It is the group's first attempt at the retro-synth genre that has inspired the musical direction of their entire album. The song draws from European electronic and American synth-pop sound, supported by an arrangement of drum machines, "intoxicating" Latin beats, and "strong" instrumental sound.
Lyrically, "I Can't Stop Me" talks about the conflict and duality of the good and bad of uncontrollable desires. Elaborating on the lyrics, member Dahyun stated, "It portrays the danger and anxiety that come from standing on the boundary between the good and bad. It also captures a provocative ambience that boldly crosses the line, which I feel that a lot of people will be surprised by seeing a new Twice that they've never seen before." She added that the track illustrates the group's "musical growth" the most amongst all tracks on the album. Justin Moran of Paper noted that the track is about "seduction and the ways we're constantly attracted to things we know we shouldn't want — things that are bad for us," through lines like, "I see the end, I know it's not right, I can't stop me, can't stop me." The song is composed in the key of A♯ minor, with a fast tempo of 150 beats per minute and runs for 3:25.
Promotion and music video
In the lead-up to the release of "I Can't Stop Me", the group released photo and video teasers for the track, which served as a promotional tool for their return. An accompanying music video was uploaded to JYP Entertainment's YouTube channel on October 26, 2020. The video was directed by Lee Gi-baek of the production company Tiger-Cave Studio, who had previously worked with several Korean artists, including Got7, Beenzino and Zico, among others. Portrayed in retro, the visual features Twice performing "non-stop" choreography in a white subway station, a rainbow-colored canyon, and a large lotus flower, as they don't color-coordinated looks. In one scene, the members are seated at a long table, facing their mirror images. Towards its conclusion, they are seen boarding a train wearing "high-fashion black-and-yellow" outfits similar to the plaid separates worn by Alicia Silverstone in the teen comedy film, Clueless (1995). Discussing the fashion styles used in the music video, Chaeyoung said, "We also wanted to showcase our new sides visually, such as our widely beloved suit outfits from our teasers. We have many other kinds of outfits in store, some of them are featured in the song's music video." Moran wrote that the video showcases "Twice's star power, as the girls dance — perfectly in-sync, of course — throughout different environments, both on earth and somewhere in space." A choreography version was released on November 1, 2020. Its dance was choreographed by Kiel Tutin and Jonte Moaning. After 77 days of release, the music video surpassed 200 million views on YouTube.
Hours after the song and the album's release, on October 26, 2020, Twice held a live meeting called "Twice 'I Can't Stop Me' Special Live" on Naver's V app and YouTube, introducing songs from the album and communicating with their fans. To promote the song and Eyes Wide Open, the group appeared and performed on several South Korean music programs, starting with Mnet's M! Countdown on October 29, where they performed "I Can't Stop Me" and "Up No More". They also appeared on KBS2's Music Bank, MBC's Show! Music Core, MBC M's Show Champion, and SBS' Inkigayo, to perform the song. In the second week of promotion, "I Can't Stop Me" won the top spot on Show Champion on November 4. A clip featuring group members Nayeon, Sana, Momo, and Chaeyoung, performing relay dance to the song, was posted to TikTok the same day.
Twice performed the song for their US television debut with their appearance on the "#PlayAtHome" series of The Late Show With Stephen Colbert on November 30.
Accolades
Year end lists
Track listing
Digital download / streaming
"I Can't Stop Me" – 3:25
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from Melon and Tidal.
Recording
Recorded at JYPE Studios (Seoul, South Korea)
Mixed at Mirrorball Studios (North Hollywood, California)
Mastered at Sterling Sound (Edgewater, New Jersey)
Personnel
Twice – lead vocals
Michel "Lindgren" Schulz – producer, songwriter, programming, bass, synthesizer
A Wright – songwriter
Melanie Joy Fontana – songwriter
Park Jin-young – songwriter
Shim Eun-jae – songwriter, choir director, digital editor
PERRIE – backing vocals
Hyejin Choi – recording engineer, mixer
Sehee Eom – recording engineer
Eunjung Park – recording engineer
Lee Sang-yeop – digital editor
Tony Maserati – mixer
David K Younghyun – assistant mixer
Chris Gehringer – mastering engineer
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
See also
List of M Countdown Chart winners (2020)
List of Music Bank Chart winners (2020)
List of Inkigayo Chart winners (2020)
List of Inkigayo Chart winners (2021)
References
2020 songs
2020 singles
Korean-language songs
JYP Entertainment singles
Twice (group) songs
Songs written by Park Jin-young
Songs written by Melanie Fontana
Synthwave songs
The Journal of Gender Studies is a leading British peer-reviewed journal for interdisciplinary gender studies, published by Routledge. It has been published since 1991, and publishes articles relating to gender from a feminist perspective covering a wide range of disciplines. It aims to create a dialogue among the different academic fields that engage with ideas and theories of gender.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2020 impact factor is 2.539.
See also
List of women's studies journals
References
Gender studies journals
Publications established in 1991
Quarterly journals
Sociology journals
Taylor & Francis academic journals
Women's studies journals
1991 establishments in the United Kingdom
Edward Eugene Rains (born December 24, 1956) is an American former basketball player. He played for the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Rains played college basketball for the University of South Alabama from 1977 to 1981. In his college career, he scored 1,801 points (15.7 per game) and in his senior season was named the Sun Belt Conference Player of the Year. After the close of his college career, Rains was drafted by the San Antonio Spurs of the NBA in the second round of the 1981 NBA draft (30th pick overall). He appeared in 83 games for the Spurs over two seasons, averaging 3.5 points per game. He was the first player from South Alabama to appear in an NBA game.
References
1956 births
Living people
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Florida
San Antonio Spurs draft picks
San Antonio Spurs players
Small forwards
South Alabama Jaguars men's basketball players
Sportspeople from Ocala, Florida
Kilkeedy is a parish in County Clare and part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Killaloe. The parish is the only parish in said diocese whose boundaries are still identical compared with the medieval situation.
Current (2021) co-parish priests are Damien Nolan and Pat O'Neil.
The main church of the parish is the Church of St. Michaels in Tubber, completed in 1865.
The second church of the parish is the "Church of All Saints" in Boston. This church was also built in 1865 but it replaced an older limestone church with a thatched roof. That church was in its turn a replacement for a masshouse in the townland Kylcreen.
Early Monastic sites
There is evidence of multiple churches in the area, mostly in the names of townlands like Kells (Cealla, meaning cells or churches), Kilcornan (Church of St. Cornan) and Killeenmacoog (Church of McHugh). No traces of the churches are left or records are left of these churches.
Only two early monastic sites have survived: the one in the townland Cross and the one in the townland Kiltackey More.
Cross
The townland Cross contains the ruins of Kilkeedy Church or Church of St. Caoide (or St. Keedy). No records of this saint are known but his feast day was celebrated on 3 March. The present ruin is not the original, as it mostly 14th century. Attached to the surviving nave is a side chapel from a later date with a plaque dated 1706. An aerial photo shows a much larger circular enclosure then the present one, that dates from 1934/1935.
Kiltackey More
This townland contains the remains of the church of St. Taisce, a saint lost in history. Only a small fragment of the church is still in existence but the adjoining graveyard is in active use.
References
Parishes of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Killaloe
Samuel Caldwell Sample (August 15, 1796 – December 2, 1855) was an American lawyer and politician who served a single term as a United States Representative from Indiana from 1843 to 1845.
Biography
He was born in Elkton, Maryland and attended a rural school. He learned to become a carpenter and assisted his father in his contracting business. In 1823 he moved with his father to Connersville, Indiana. He studied law there and was admitted to the bar in 1833.
After being admitted to the bar, he began practicing law in South Bend, Indiana. In 1834 he was elected prosecuting attorney and subsequently elected judge of the ninth judicial circuit in 1836. He served as judge until he resigned in 1843. He also served as president of the First National Bank of South Bend.
Congress
He was elected to the 28th United States Congress as a Whig where he served from 1843 to 1845, the first representative from Indiana's 9th congressional district. He was defeated for reelection in 1844 by Charles W. Cathcart.
Later career and death
After his defeat from Congress, he returned to South Bend, where he resumed practicing law until his death in 1855.
References
1796 births
1855 deaths
People from Elkton, Maryland
Politicians from South Bend, Indiana
Indiana lawyers
Indiana state court judges
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Indiana
19th-century American politicians
People from Connersville, Indiana
19th-century American judges
19th-century American lawyers
Jie Tang (born 1977), is a full-time professor at the Department of Computer Science of Tsinghua University.
He is known for building the academic social network search system ArnetMiner, which was launched in March 2006 and now has attracted 2,766,356 independent IP accesses from 220 countries.
His research interests include social networks and data mining.
He was elevated to IEEE Fellow in 2021 "for contributions to knowledge discovery from data and social network mining".
He was elevated to ACM Fellow in 2022 "for contributions to information and social network mining".
References
External links
AMiner.org
Homepage
Living people
Tsinghua University faculty
Data miners
Fellow Members of the IEEE
Fellows of the Association for Computing Machinery
Tsinghua University alumni
Tsinghua University people
Computer scientists
1977 births
Devmanus (-God Figure) is an Indian Marathi language crime thriller television series. The show premiered on 31 August 2020 on Zee Marathi and also digitally available on ZEE5.
Devmanus is supposedly inspired by true story. Santosh Pol was described as a doctor death a notorious doctor who killed 6 people in 13 years of his practice in the town of Satara. The show is produced by Shweta Shinde under the banner of Vajra Productions.
Plot
A police inspector makes a criminal confess his crimes, then the story goes in the past. A constable chides a man for giving false hopes of a role in films in Mumbai to Dimple. Meanwhile, When a doctor catches a compounder (who later becomes a quack doctor) stealing money from his patients, he injures the doctor and runs away. Later, Dimple returns to her village, her mother beats her with a broom. Then, Dr. Ajitkumar Dev (compounder-turned-fake doctor) arrives at their Wada. Mangal (Dimple's mother) tells Dr. Ajitkumar Dev that Babu (Dimple's father) has not opened his eyes. Babu feels overwhelmed and tells his story to Ajitkumar. Mangal tells Babu to call Ajitkumar to stay in their house.
After that, Ajitkumar gets scared when he sees Rupali (Ajitkumar's friend) in the clinic. Reshma, a savkar's wife pours heart out to Ajitkumar. Furious on learning the truth about Ajitkumar, Rupali confronts him. When he refuses to marry her, she threatens him. After that, in aggression Ajitkumar kills Rupali and buries her under a concrete bench near his clinic. Ajitkumar sweet talks Reshma into eloping with him taking Vijay's (Reshma's husband) money and jewellery. Reshma refuses to get Ajitkumar out of Vijay's house. As Vijay comes after her, she strikes him on the head with a flowerpot. After that, he also kills Reshma because he deceives her for money and he doesn't love her. Mangal matches the marriage of Dimple with Mahesh, but Dimple refuses to married. She blackmails Ajitkumar and asks him to break her marriage alliance because Dimple collects deadbody of Reshma from Ajitkumar's room and keep it in secret. So, Ajitkumar gets ready to break her marriage. A confusion creates Ajitkumar leading to a fight and Dimple's marriage gets called off. Later, Ajitkumar asks Dimple about Reshma's dead body. Dimple talks about her goals and ambitions with Ajitkumar and tells him that she helps him in every crime. After that, Ajitkumar also killed Aparna and her mother for money.
Later, everyone is happy as Manjula comes to the village. Mangal introduces Manjula to Ajitkumar. Manjula gives a fitting reply to Ajitkumar, who tries to get close to her. Manjula apologises to Ajitkumar and tells him the reason behind her actions. Manjula asks Namya to get medication from Mumbai on the promise that he won't tell to anyone. Manjula tells Aaji the truth about her husband. The villagers gossip bad about Manjula. Villager asks Ajitkumar to talk sense into Manjula and tell him to oust her from the village if she fails to budge. The villagers protest at Manjula's house asking her to leave the village. Manjula introduces her husband who is in a wheelchair, shocking everyone. Manjula and her husband roam around the village and meet with Aaji at the Wada. The villagers apologise to Manjula. Later, Manjula and Ajitkumar bury their hatchet and start afresh. Ajitkumar meets with Suresh to convince him to not buy Manjula's land. Manjula, Amar and Sanju wait for Suresh at the office, but Ajitkumar kills Suresh.
Dimple notices the blood on Ajitkumar shoe and confronts him about it. After that altercation happen between Ajitkumar and Sanju. So, Ajitkumar kills Sanju also and buried him behind the Wada. At that time, Aaji came at that location, but she doesn't know who buried the Sanju. Next day, Aaji calls police and they came at that location. Police got dead body of dog because dimple replaced body with Sanju's body. Afterwards, Dimple, Ajitkumar and Manjula went to Mahabaleshwar. Ajitkumar won to take space in Manjula's mind in those days. A few days later the doctor proposed to Manjula and forced her and Manjula found out the true nature of the doctor. The doctor started harassing Manjula but Manjula did not tell anyone about it. A few days later, the doctor comes to Manjula's house and gets the land deed signed by Manjula's husband and goes there kitchen and turns on the gas regulator in her house. After a while she comes into the house and goes into the kitchen and turns on the gas and there is a very big explosion and she burns and died.
A few days later, a lady inspector Divya Singh comes to the village with her daughter Myra to solve Manjula's case. Seeing the Divya makes the doctor's mind light up and the doctor falls in love with her. Mangal decides Dimple's marriage with Ajitkumar. Ajitkumar refuses about it, but Dimple gets ready to marry with him. A few days later, Rupali's father comes to the village in search of Rupali. When the doctor finds out that Rupali's father has come to the village, the doctor plots to kill him. One day the doctor calls him to his clinic and puts a flower pot on his head while talking to him but he is not died. The doctor tries to get close to the Divya but is unsuccessful, so he makes a plan to reach her through Myra (Divya's daughter). He traps Myra in his trap and convinces Myra that he is her second dad and Myra agrees and tells the Divya that this is my dad from today. A few days later, the Doctor kills Rupali's father by drinking alcohol. After that, police get confirm news that Dr. Ajitkumar is Devisingh. So, they try to collect information about him from Dimple.
When Doctor knows about it, he plans to go Mumbai to save from Police. But, when he goes to bus stand, he got news that Police collected all about his past information and they came to village to catch some clues about the doctor. Police get information about Doctor's truth through Dimple. So, Doctor goes to Police officer's house with the help of Dimple and kills him using injection and gun. Also, Dimple knows about Ajitkumar's truth that he is not a doctor, he is a compounder. Slowly, Doctor pulls Divya into the trap of love and Divya falls in love with the doctor. The doctor's plan finally succeeds. A few days later, Mangal and Babu decide to marry Dimple and the doctor, but the doctor does not approve because Divya loves the doctor. Eventually, the doctor gets ready to marry Dimple then Divya also approve this relation and starts her case she takes the fingerprints of some people including the doctor and the doctor's fingerprints match and Divya finds some evidence which makes her realise that the doctor is Devisingh.
Ajitkumar and Dimple getting married and that time Divya leads the Ajitkumar from the wedding tent and he is arrested but the villagers stand firmly by the Ajitkumar, but Divya still does not leave him. Eventually, the case goes to court and Advocate Aarya Deshmukh is appointed to fight against Ajitkumar. Aarya presents evidence in court against the Devi Singh and after looking at all the evidence, Judge given an opportunity to Ajitkumar to cross-examine. At the same time, when Dimple comes to meet Ajit Kumar in jail, Devisingh tells his secret story to Dimple that Dr. Ajit Kumar Dev is his twin brother and he too was killed by him. After due to lack of evidence Ajit Kumar was released from jail.
Cast
Main
Kiran Gaikwad as Dr. Ajitkumar Chandrakant Dev / Devisingh (2020–2021)
Asmita Deshmukh as Sagarika Babu Patil a.k.a. Dimple (2020–2021)
Recurring
Dimple's family
Anjali Joglekar as Mangal Babu Patil (2020–2021)
Ankush Mandekar as Babu Rangrao Patil (2020–2021)
Viral Mane as Shubhankar Babu Patil (Tonya) (2020–2021)
Rukmini Sutar as Saru Patil (Aaji) (2020–2021)
Pushpa Choudhari as Vandi (2020–2021)
Shashi Doiphode as Lala (2020-2021)
Others
Neha Khan as ACP Divya Singh (2021)
Sonali Patil as Advocate Aarya Deshmukh (2021)
Ajinkya Date as Inspector Amit Shinde (2021)
Satyawan Shikhare as Inspector Viraj Shikhare (2021)
Arjun Kusumbe as ACP Ranjit Chavan (2020-2021)
Rajratna Waghmare as Judge (2021)
Villagers
Sanjana Kale as Rinku (2021)
Madhuri Pawar as Chanda (2021)
Pratiksha Jadhav as Manjula Amar Sankpal (2020-2021)
Mimicharvi Khadse as Myra Singh (2021)
Vardhan Deshpande as Amar Sankpal (2020-2021)
Kiran Dange as Bajarang Patil (2020–2021)
Kabir Gaikwad as Krish (2020)
Nilesh Gaware as Namdev Jadhav (2020–2021)
Vansh Shah as Vitthal (2020-2021)
Sagar Korade as Sanjay (2020-2021)
Eknath Gite as Vijay Shinde (2020-2021)
Gayatri Bansode as Reshma Vijay Shinde (2020)
Tejal Shinde as Dimple's friend (2020)
Ravina Gogawale as Ravina Bajrang Patil (2020-2021)
Rutuja Pawar as Rani (2020)
Deepali Jadhav as Rupali (2020)
Aishwarya Nagesh as Aparna (2020)
Sachin Hagvane-Patil as Suresh Patil (2020)
Kulbhushan Palkar as Mahesh (2020)
Shruti Puranik (in promos)
Production
Filming
In April 2021, curfew was announced in Maharashtra due to increased COVID cases, while the production halted in Satara. Hence, the production location was shifted temporarily to Nipani, Karnataka.
Casting
Kiran Gaikwad was selected to play Dr. Ajitkumar Dev. Asmeeta Deshmukh was selected to play Dimple and Pratiksha Jadhav was cast to play Manjula and other cast selected via Auditions. Neha Khan was selected for the role of ACP Divya Singh, whereas Sonali Patil was cast for the role of Advocate Arya Deshmukh. Madhuri Pawar will be seen as Chanda.
Special episode
1 hour
17 January 2021
2 hours
21 March 2021 (Ajitkumar's truth reveal)
30 May 2021 (Ajitkumar's murder mystery)
15 August 2021 (Last episode)
Sequel
Due to the immense popularity and high ratings of the first season, the channel and production house rolled out another sequel with 4 months of its closure. The show premiered from 19 December 2021. Kiran Gaikwad is being retained for the titular role of Dr. Ajitkumar Dev (Devmanus). Few new characters were a part of this sequel. It replaced the horror show Ti Parat Aaliye. The story of the show will be a continuation of its first season.
Reception
It was started on 31 August 2020 by replacing Ratris Khel Chale 2.
Ratings
Dubbed version
Awards
References
External links
Devmanus at ZEE5
Marathi-language television shows
Indian crime television series
Zee Marathi original programming
2020 Indian television series debuts
2021 Indian television series endings
Akbayır is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Steve Scott may refer to:
Steve Scott (runner) (born 1956), American male athlete and founder of speed golf
Steve Scott (computer architect)
Steve Scott (cricketer) (born 1955), New Zealand cricketer
Steve Scott (journalist) (born 1961), British journalist
Steve Scott (performer), American country/Americana musician, songwriter, singer, guitarist, producer and actor
Steve Scott (poet) (born 1951), British poet and musician
Steve Scott (producer), co-founder of adult movie production company Third World Media
Steve Scott (rugby union) (born 1974), player and coach
Steve Scott (wrestler) (born 1984), Canadian professional wrestler
Steve Scott (footballer) (born 1966), Welsh footballer
See also
Stephen Scott (disambiguation)
Joseph Warren Matthews (1812August 27, 1862) was an American politician who served as Governor of Mississippi from 1848 to 1850.
Biography
Matthews was born near Huntsville, Alabama. During early adulthood, he came to Mississippi as a government surveyor, engaged in laying out the newly purchased Indian lands. Soon after the Chickasaw purchase, he relocated to Marshall County Mississippi, near the now extinct town of Salem, to become a farmer. His plantation, which contained about actually touched the western boundary of the Chickasaw Cession. The southeast corner of Matthews' plantation is the northwest corner of the modern Village of Snow Lake. Although Matthews lived in Holly Springs in Marshall County, his plantation was located to the east, in what was then Tippah County. This portion of Tippah County was split to form a new county, Benton County.
In 1840, he was elected representative to the legislature from Marshall County, and was senator from that county from 1844 to 1848. On June 7, 1847 the Democratic State Convention nominated Matthews for governor on the third ballot by a majority of fifty-one of twenty-seven for the other candidates. Matthews won the gubernatorial election over the Whig candidate, Major A.H. Bradford, also of Marshall County, by a vote of 26,985 to 13,997.
Mathews was a plain-spoken man, and was derided by the aristocratic Whigs for his humble beginnings. A surveyor, he worked for a time as a young man as a well digger, thus earning him the derisive nickname, "Old Copperas Britches."
During his administration, the state adopted a new legal code, established an institution for the blind, and the University of Mississippi opened for its first session in the fall of 1848. The Jackson-Brandon railroad also began operation, and telegraph service became available in Jackson and other parts of the state.
In 1862, Matthews accepted a commission in the Confederate army, but died in transit at Palmetto, Georgia. There is a large monument to Matthews located in the Matthews family cemetery on his former plantation. This monument is in a wooded area approximately due north from the intersection of Hoover Road and Bonds Loop, and is not visible from the road. It was placed by the Sons of Confederate Veterans.
References
External links
Short Biography of Joseph W. Matthews
1812 births
1862 deaths
Governors of Mississippi
American planters
Mississippi Democrats
Democratic Party governors of Mississippi
19th-century American politicians
People from Huntsville, Alabama
Freddy Mamani Silvestre (born 1 November 1971) is a Bolivian self-taught architect noted for his development of the Neo-Andean architectural style. His work is most associated with the city of El Alto and with the new social class of upwardly mobile indigenous Bolivians.
Mamani was born in Catavi and received his degrees from the Universidad Mayor de San Andres and Universidad Boliviana de Informática.
Regarding Mamani's architectural style, Italian architect Elisabetta Andreoli, author of "Andean Architecture of Bolivia", once explained that "some of the forms have been taken out of Andean art. The Tiwanacotas used a language of civilization in their forms: textiles, ceramics, and architectural ruins. Mamani uses the Andean cross, the diagonal juxtaposition of the planes, the duplicity, the repetition, the circle, which makes all this a stylisation theme, that is its source."
References
Further reading
La arquitectura de Freddy Mamani Silvestre by Elisabetta Andreoli and Ligia D'Andrea (La Paz: El Alto, 2013)
1971 births
Living people
Bolivian people of Aymara descent
Bolivian architects
21st-century architects
Ziegelbrücke railway station () is a junction station in the village of Ziegelbrücke in Switzerland. Whilst the village is shared between the municipality of Glarus Nord, in the canton of Glarus, and the municipality of Schänis, in the canton of St. Gallen, the station is located in Schänis.
Opened in 1875, the station is owned and operated by the Swiss Federal Railways. It is one of the southern termini of the Lake Zurich left bank railway line, a main line that links Zürich Hauptbahnhof with Ziegelbrücke and Näfels. From Ziegelbrücke, the main line continues, as the Ziegelbrücke–Sargans railway, towards its ultimate destination, Chur.
Ziegelbrücke is also a terminus for two regional lines, the Ziegelbrücke–Linthal railway and the Rapperswil–Ziegelbrücke railway.
Facilities
The station features two station buildings, a goods despatch office and a maintenance depot. Tracks 1 - 4 are used for goods traffic, shunting operation and to accommodate passenger trains during off-peak hours and overnight. Tracks 5 - 10 are equipped with passenger platforms and therefore used for passenger traffic. Tracks 6 and 9 are usually used for intercity- and freight-trains that pass through the station at maximum speed. Tracks 11 and 12 are solely used for shunting operation and to accommodate passenger trains during off-peak hours and overnight.
On the south side of the station, parallel to the railway line, lies the river Linth, a railway power line and the main road.
Services
The station is served by an hourly InterRegio service between Bern and Chur, stopping at Thalwil, Pfaffikon SZ, Ziegelbrücke, Sargans and Landquart.
Two lines of the Zürich S-Bahn also connect Zürich and Ziegelbrücke, combining to provide three trains per hour. The S2 terminates at Ziegelbrücke and runs twice per hour; with some weekend trains continuing to Unterterzen. The hourly S25 continues through the canton of Glarus to Linthal.
Two lines of the St. Gallen S-Bahn also provide service to Ziegelbrücke, both running once an hour. The S4, operates in both directions around a loop via Uznach, St. Gallen and Sargans. The S6 links Rapperswil with Schwanden via Uznach and Ziegelbrücke.
In addition, Südostbahn operates peak-hour service to , making local stops. This service is designated S27 but is not part of either S-Bahn network.
Summary:
InterRegio: hourly service between and .
Südostbahn : peak-hour service to .
Zürich S-Bahn /: three trains per hour to Zürich Hauptbahnhof and every half-hour to .
Zürich S-Bahn /St. Gallen S-Bahn : half-hourly service to and hourly service to .
St. Gallen S-Bahn : hourly service via and (circle route).
Bus traffic
Postauto and local Autobetrieb Weesen-Amden bus lines connect Ziegelbrücke with the communities in the Wahlkreis See-Gaster and the municipalities of Bilten and Niederurnen.
See also
History of rail transport in Switzerland
Rail transport in Switzerland
References
External links
Railway stations in the canton of St. Gallen
Railway stations opened in 1875
Swiss Federal Railways stations
Shota Yuriyevich Khinchagashvili (; born 9 January 1951 in Dusheti) is a retired Georgian football player.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1978.
Soviet Cup winner: 1976, 1979.
UEFA Cup Winners' Cup winner: 1981.
International career
Khinchagashvili made his debut for USSR on 28 November 1976 in a friendly against Argentina. He played in 1978 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 1980 qualifiers (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament for either).
External links
Profile
1951 births
Living people
Footballers from Georgia (country)
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Soviet Top League players
FC Metalurgi Rustavi players
FC Dinamo Tbilisi players
Association football defenders
People from Dusheti
Honoured Masters of Sport of the USSR
Phillip Brooks Maher (1894-1981) was an American architect. Born in Kenilworth, Illinois in 1894, he was the son and later the partner of George Washington Maher, who was an important figure in the Prairie School movement. In 1914, Phillip Maher went to work in his father's architecture practice. He then studied architecture at the University of Michigan, was in the army and later traveled in Europe before rejoining his father's practice as a partner in 1921.
In 1924, the firm, renamed George W. Maher & Son, submitted the “Gateway Improvement Plan” for Gary, Indiana, where they had been designing other projects. After George Maher's death in 1926, his son continued in practice by himself. In 1927 he revised the plan, replacing Prairie School elements with Neoclassical Designs. In 1928 Philip Maher designed the city hall building for Gary.
Later in his career, Phillip Maher's work was influenced by the Art Deco movement. In 1940, he was made a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects. He died in 1981.
References
External links
http://www.chameyer.net/maher.html
"George Washington Maher"
20th-century American architects
Artists from Chicago
1894 births
1981 deaths
Taubman College of Architecture and Urban Planning alumni
People from Kenilworth, Illinois
John de Critz or John Decritz (1551/2 – 14 March 1642 (buried)) was one of a number of painters of Flemish origin active at the English royal court during the reigns of James I of England and Charles I of England. He held the post of Serjeant Painter to the king from 1603, at first jointly with Leonard Fryer and from 1610 jointly with Robert Peake the Elder.
Family
John de Critz's father was Troilus de Critz, a goldsmith from Antwerp. De Critz was born in Antwerp. His Flemish parents brought him as a boy to England from Antwerp, during the Spanish persecution of Protestants in the Habsburg Netherlands. He was apprenticed to the artist and poet Lucas de Heere, also from Antwerp, who may have taught members of the Gheeraerts family and Robert Peake as well. De Critz established himself as an independent artist by the late 1590s.
John de Critz's sister Magdalena married Marcus Gheeraerts the Younger, another Flemish court painter, who may also have been a pupil of de Heere. De Critz was succeeded as Serjeant Painter by his son John the Younger (b. before 1599), who had been involved in the work for many years—his father died at about 90. John the Younger was killed shortly afterwards in the fighting at Oxford. Other painters from the family include John the Elder's sons Emmanuel (1608–65), who also worked for the court, and Thomas (1607–53), to whom many portraits of their Tradescant relations are now attributed. Thomas also worked for the Crown between 1629 and 1637. Oliver de Critz (1626–51) was a son of John the Younger by his third wife; his portrait in the Ashmolean Museum may be a self-portrait.
Life and work as a Serjeant Painter
John de Critz was appointed Serjeant Painter to the king in 1603. De Critz's duties as the Serjeant Painter entailed making portraits, the restoration of the decorative detail, the painting and guilding of royal coaches and barges, and individual tasks such as painting the signs and letters on a royal sun-dial. He also painted "bravely" for court masques and dramatic spectaculars which required elaborate scenery and scenic effects.
The post of serjeant-painter came into being with the appointment of John Browne in 1511–12, and the last known holder was James Stewart, of whom no records are available after 1782, though it is not clear whether the post was ever actually abolished. A patent issued on 7 May 1679 for Robert Streater, gives a list of previous serjeant-painters, including "John Decreetz & Robert Peake" as joint-holders of the post. De Critz was given the post in 1603 but is first described as sharing the office with Leonard Fryer, who had held it since 1595. Robert Peake the Elder was appointed jointly with de Critz in 1607, or 1610. A payment made to de Critz in 1633 shows that he was paid a retainer of £40 a year.
The role of the serjeant painter was elastic in its definition of duties: it involved not just the painting of original portraits but of their reproductions in new versions, to be sent to other courts. King James, unlike Elizabeth, was markedly averse to sitting for his portrait. In August 1606 de Critz was paid £53-6s-8d for full length portraits of James, Anne of Denmark, and Prince Henry to send to the Archduke of Austria. The sergeant-painters copied and restored portraits by other painters, and undertook decorative tasks including scene painting and the painting of banners.
Horace Walpole provided information about some of the tasks de Critz performed in his Anecdotes of Painting in England, which he based closely on the notes of George Vertue, who had met acquaintances of de Critz and his family. Walpole quoted from a scrap of paper, a "memorandum in his own hand", on which de Critz wrote bills for jobs completed. On one side was his bill for work on a sun-dial:
For several times oyling and laying with fayre white a stone for a sun-dyall opposite to some part of the king and queen's lodgings, the lines thereof being drawn in severall colours, the letters directing to the bowers guilded with fine gould, as alsoe the glory, and a scrowle guilded with fine gould, whereon the number and figures specifying the planetary howers are inscribed; likewise certain letters drawne in black informing in what part of the compasse the sun at any time there shining shall be resident; the whole worke being circumferenced with a frett painted in a manner of a stone one, the compleat measure of the whole being six foote.
On the other side is a demand for payment for work on the royal barge:
John De Critz demaundeth allowance for these parcells of Worke following, viz. For repayreing, refreshing, washing and varnishing the whole body of his Majesty's privy barge, and mending with fine gould and faire colours many and divers parts thereof, as about the chaire of state, the doores, and most of the antiques about the windowes, that had bene galled and defaced, the two figures at the entrance being the most new coloured and painted, the Mercury and the lion that are fixed to the sternes of this and the row barge being in several places repayred both with gould and colours, as also the taffarils on the top of the barge in many parts guilded and strowed with fayre byse. The two figures of Justice and Fortitude most an end being quite new painted and guilded. The border on the outside of the bulk being new layd with faire white and trayled over with greene according to the custom heretofore—and for baying and colouring the whole number of the oares for the row barge being thirty-six.
John de Critz's final bill for painting these barges and their carvings by Maximilian Colt in 1621 was over £255. Walpole noted that John de Critz painted a gilded "middle piece" for a ceiling at Oatlands Palace, repaired pictures, and decorated royal carriages: "To John De Critz, serjeant-painter, for painting and gilding with good gold the body and carriages of two coaches and the carriage of one chariot and other necessaries, 179l.3s.4d. anno 1634."
De Critz gilded Maximilian Colt's marble effigy for the tomb of Elizabeth I, completed in 1606, which had been painted by Nicholas Hilliard. All traces of the painting and gilding have now disappeared. Later in the same year he painted and gilded the tomb of Princess Sophia. In 1611 he decorated a fireplace for Anne of Denmark's "tiring chamber", her dressing room at Somerset House, with various kinds of marbling and imitation stone, and in 1614 painted black and white marble in the chapel at Oatlands.
Walpole said of de Critz that "His life is to be collected rather from office-books than from his works or his reputation"; and the comparative mundanity of some of the tasks he undertook has led to a downplaying of the artistic role of the serjeant-painter. Art historian William Gaunt describes de Critz's role as "mainly that of a handyman". A Burlington Magazine editorial remarked: "A great deal of easy fun has been poked at the institution of the serjeant-painters, because these had to attend to tasks such as downright house-painting, the painting of barges and coaches, the provision of banners and streamers, and so on".
It is not certainly known where in London de Critz had his studio, but he moved to the parish of St Martin-in-the-Fields before his death in 1642. He stated in his will that he had previously lived for thirty years in the parish of St Andrew, Holborn. George Vertue recorded there had been three rooms full of the king's pictures at de Critz's house in Austin-friars. De Critz was entered in a subsidy roll for the parish of St Sepulchre-without-Newgate in 1607 and again in 1625; and since this parish adjoins St Andrew, Holborn, he possibly had his studio in St Sepulchre. He died in London in 1642; the exact date is unknown.
Royal Portraits and the Spanish Embassy of 1604
Although de Critz was a prolific painter, few of his works have been clearly identified. Elizabethan and Jacobean portrait painters often made multiple versions not only of their own paintings but of those of their predecessors and contemporaries, and rarely signed their work. Portraits by different artists often share poses or iconographical features. Although many paintings are attributed to de Critz, full authentication is unusual. The art historian and critic Sir John Rothenstein summed up the problems:
To make definitive attributions is a difficult undertaking. This is due to a variety of causes, the most important being the practice of successful painters of employing assistants. Another confusing factor is the tendency on the part of members of the artistic families to intermarry with one another; Marc Gheeraerts the elder and his son and namesake, for example, both married sisters of John de Critz.
As part of the monarchy's advancement of its political and dynastic aims, copies of standard portraits were required for presentation as gifts and transmission to foreign embassies. De Critz was commissioned to make such portraits, including portraits of King James, Anne of Denmark, and Prince Henry, for £53-s-8d on 20 August 1606, to be sent to the Archduke of Austria.
Gustav Ungerer has studied the interchanges of portraits, jewellery and other gifts during the negotiations and celebrations which surrounded the Treaty of London, a peace treaty signed with Spain in August 1604 during the conference at Somerset House, when diplomatic exchanges of miniatures and full-length portraits took place in a sustained show of brilliant self-representation. Ungerer discusses the contested authorship of the famous painting of the two sets of negotiators sitting opposite each other at the conference table, The Somerset House Conference, a work in which John de Critz may have had a hand, either directly or as a source for the copying of figures.
Both versions of the painting, at the National Portrait Gallery and National Maritime Museum, Greenwich, are signed by the Spanish court painter Juan Pantoja de la Cruz. However scholars disagree about whether he was the artist since, although the signatures appear authentic, he was never in London. It is possible that either the works are by a Flemish artist, possibly Frans Pourbus, or John De Critz, or were copied by Pantoja from a Flemish artist who was in London at the time. Pantoja may have worked up the likenesses of the English negotiators by "copying the faces of the delegates either from miniatures or from standard portraits given to him or to the constable in London or sent to Valladolid...He obviously used a Cecil portrait as model for The Somerset House Conference which was Cecil's standard type of portrait attributed to John de Critz". It is certainly on record that the leader of the English negotiating team, Sir Robert Cecil, gave the leader of the Spanish negotiators, Juan Fernández de Velasco, 5th Duke of Frías and Constable of Castile, his stock portrait as duplicated in the workshop of John de Critz. Pantoja's depiction of Charles Howard, earl of Nottingham, also looks as if it has been duplicated from a standard portrait. Apart from the heads, the picture shows signs of workshop painting by assistants, perhaps revealing that numerous versions were produced, as there would have been many demands from those involved for duplicates of the painting, for purposes of historical record. The painting sheds light on the piecemeal process of constructing group portraits at this time.
See also
Artists of the Tudor court
Notes and references
External links
1550s births
1642 deaths
16th-century Flemish painters
17th-century English painters
Court painters
English male painters
Flemish marine artists
Flemish portrait painters
Artists from Antwerp
Belgian expatriates in England
Stanley Roberts (born 1970) is a basketball player.
Stanley Roberts may also refer to:
Stanley Roberts (screenwriter) (1916–1982)
Stan Roberts (1927–1990), Canadian politician
Stan Roberts (footballer) (1921–1995), Welsh footballer
Edward Stanley Roberts (1890–1964), English cricket player
See also
Robert Stanley (disambiguation)
Landsteiner is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Karl Landsteiner (1868–1943), Austrian-American biologist and physician
Landsteiner, a tiny, bowl-shaped lunar impact crater
Donath-Landsteiner syndrome
Landsteiner-Wiener antigen system
German-language surnames
Jewish surnames
Anna-Maria Fernandez (born October 22, 1960) is an American former professional tennis player active during the 1980s. She won five WTA titles during her career, all in doubles. Her career high ranking in singles was number 19, in approximately 1979–1980. She was a member of the University of Southern California's national championship team (1979 and 1980) and captured the AIAW singles national championship title in 1981. She was named the National Collegiate Player of the Year (1981) winning the Broderick Award (now the Honda Sports Award) as the nation's best female collegiate tennis player. She earned a BA degree in Broadcast Journalism from USC (1983).
She is married to former tennis player Ray Ruffels and the mother of professional golfers Ryan Ruffels and Gabriela Ruffels. She is of Peruvian American ancestry.
WTA Tour finals
Singles 1
Doubles 5 (4–1)
References
External links
1960 births
American female tennis players
American sportspeople of Peruvian descent
Sportspeople from Torrance, California
Tennis people from California
Living people
21st-century American women
USC Trojans women's tennis players
Up is the debut album by English pop group Right Said Fred, released in 1992 on Charisma Records and Tug Recordings. The album contains the group's only United States Top 40 hit, "I'm Too Sexy", which was number one on the Billboard Hot 100 for three weeks in February 1992, and their only UK number-one hit "Deeply Dippy", which stayed in that position for three weeks from April to May 1992.
Up is Right Said Fred's only US album release to date, peaking at number 46 on the Billboard 200. It reached number one on the UK Albums Chart.
Track listing
Track listing as above on sleeve but actual DVD contains "Stick It Out" instead of "Hands Up for Lovers".
Personnel
Richard Fairbrass – lead vocals and backing vocals, bass
Fred Fairbrass – guitars and backing vocals
Rob Manzoli – electric guitar and backing vocals
with:
Phil Spalding – bass
TommyD – synthesizers, sampler, arranger, producer and backing vocals
Phil "Philthy Animal" Taylor – piano
Malcolm Duncan – saxophone
Sid Gould – trombone
Neil Sidwell – trumpet
Chuck Sabo – drums
Jocelyn Brown – backing vocals
Lily D – backing vocals
Graham Bonnett – backing vocals, engineer
Massive Gut – backing vocals
Juliet Roberts – backing vocals
Nick Ingman – arranger and string arrangements
Ian Craig Marsh – programming
Brian Pugsley – programming
Technical
Guy Holmes – executive producer
John McDonnel – engineer
Ronen Tal – engineer
Donal – assistant engineer, assistant
Andy Houston – assistant engineer
Andy Smith – assistant engineer
Charts
Sales and certifications
References
1992 debut albums
Right Said Fred albums
Charisma Records albums
Edgar Asahel Mathews (September 8, 1866 – December 31, 1946) was an architect who worked in the Bay Area of California, particularly in San Francisco. He primarily designed houses but was also responsible for some Christian Science churches and commercial and government buildings.
Early life and training
Edgar Mathews was born in Oakland, the third son of Julius Case Mathews and his wife Pauline, née McCracken. His father was an architect and all three sons trained with him; the eldest, Walter, went into partnership with him, while the second, Arthur, became an artist. Edgar received further training at the Van Der Naillen School of Engineering, from which he graduated in 1888, and after working for his father and others, opened his own architectural office in 1895. He moved to San Francisco soon after, and most of his work was built there.
Career
Mathews designed a large number of houses, particularly in the Pacific Heights neighborhood of San Francisco, where in 1908 he built 2980 Vallejo Street for himself and his wife, Katherine née Dart. He drew on English arts and crafts conventions: his houses are often in a half-timbered style with high-pitched roofs suggesting English Tudor, and even more often squarish and clad in unpainted redwood shingles. He also designed apartment houses, usually in the shingled style. Both his houses and his apartments usually have porches and a low wall around the lot; his apartment buildings characteristically have separate entrances for each unit. His work is the primary reason for Pacific Heights' reputation for shingle-style buildings.
In San Francisco, houses by Mathews include 2361 Washington Street (1898, for William Gerstle) and 2421 Pierce Street (1897 or c. 1903, for James Irvine), both in the Tudor style, and 2505 Divisadero Street (1899), former home of rock musician Kirk Hammett, in Georgian style. Two houses designed by Mathews in Berkeley are city landmarks: the Cornelious Beach Bradley House (1897) and the Benjamin Ide Wheeler House (1900; remodeled by Lewis Hobart). Of his apartment houses, those at 1390–1392-Page Street and 200 Central Avenue are in a characteristic Shingle-Craftsman style; the row of flats at 2100 Lyon Street is typical of his shingled apartment houses in Pacific Heights, and the row at 100–114 Walnut Street (the Stein apartments) also has an unusually varied roofline.
As a Christian Scientist, Mathews was commissioned to design the First Church of Christ, Scientist in San Francisco (1912); for this and again for the similar Third Church of Christ, Scientist (1917) he used a Byzantine-Romanesque style in variegated brick with polychrome terracotta decoration. Writing in The Architectural Review, William Winthrop Kent singled the Third Church out for special praise. It has now been converted into housing for seniors.
Later in his career, Mathews was a proponent of Renaissance revival architecture; an example of his commercial designs in this style is the highly ornamented 447 Sutter Street (1916), for Pacific Gas and Electric. He also designed government buildings in Sacramento; in 1919 he won the $500 prize in the competition to design a new courthouse for Santa Barbara, but it remained unbuilt for lack of funds, and after the 1925 earthquake, a design by William Mooser, the second-place entrant, was built instead. The base of Douglas Tilden's 1907 monument to Padre Junipero Serra in Golden Gate Park is also by Mathews.
Mathews was vice-president of the San Francisco Chapter of the American Institute of Architects from 1913 to 1916 and president in 1917. He was president of the California Board of Architectural Examiners in 1915–18.
Private life and death
Mathews and his wife had two daughters. In 1935 they moved to 1956 Great Highway, which he had also designed; he died on New Year's Eve 1946.
Lawsuits
Mathews was involved in two lawsuits. In 1908 he was sued by a former client in San Rafael for twice designing a similar house to be built close to the client's, which the client had wanted to be unique. The judge ruled in favor of Mathews, saying: "If this injunction were granted it would have the practical effect of putting architect Mathews out of business, because his personality expresses itself in a certain type of house, and this injunction seeks to restrain him from constructing that type." In 1914 Mathews sued the Board of Trustees of the San Francisco Public Library for $11,900, his fee and time in entering the competition to design the main library; he argued that the winning design by George W. Kelham (the building now the Asian Art Museum) plagiarized Cass Gilbert's Detroit Public Library. The judge threw out the lawsuit, pointing out that Gilbert had been on the competition jury.
References
Further reading
Herbert Croly. "An Architect of Residences in San Francisco". Architectural Record July 1906. 46–62.
External links
1866 births
1946 deaths
Architects from California
People from Oakland, California
Güldarbı, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Prince George may refer to:
People
British princes
Prince George Augustus, later George II of Great Britain (1683–1760)
Prince George William of Great Britain (1717–1718), son of George II
Prince George William Frederick, later George III of the United Kingdom (1738–1820)
Prince George Augustus Frederick, later George IV of the United Kingdom (1762–1830)
Prince George, Duke of Cambridge (1819–1904), grandson of George III
Prince George of Cumberland, later George V of Hanover (1819–1878), grandson of George III
Prince George Frederick Ernest Albert, later George V of the United Kingdom (1865–1936)
Prince George, Duke of Kent (1902–1942), fourth son of George V
Prince George of Wales (born 2013), first son of Prince William, Prince of Wales and second in line to the British throne
Fictional
George (Blackadder), a fictional caricature of George IV while he was Prince Regent
Other princes
George Kastrioti Skanderbeg (1405–1468), Albanian prince and national hero
George, Duke of Coimbra (1481–1550), Portuguese Infante, natural son of King John II of Portugal
George of Lencastre, 2nd Duke of Aveiro (1548–1578), Portuguese Prince
George of Lencastre, 1st Duke of Torres Novas (1594–1632), Portuguese Prince
Prince George of Denmark (1653–1708), husband of Anne of Great Britain
Prince George of Hesse-Darmstadt (1669–1705)
Prince George of Prussia (1826–1902)
George Albert, Prince of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt (1838–1890)
Prince George of Greece and Denmark (1869–1957)
George, Crown Prince of Serbia (1887–1972)
Prince George William of Hanover (1915–2006)
Prince George Valdemar of Denmark (1920–1986), second cousin of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh
Giorgi Bagration Bagrationi (born 2011), Georgian prince
Places
Canada
Prince George, British Columbia, the largest city in northern British Columbia
Prince George-Mount Robson, a provincial electoral district in British Columbia
Prince George North, a provincial electoral district in British Columbia
Prince George–Omineca, a provincial electoral district in British Columbia
South Africa
Prince George Circuit, motorsport circuit in East London
United States
Prince George's County, Maryland
Prince George County, Virginia
Prince George, Virginia, a census-designated place
Prince George's Plaza Station, station on the Washington Metro in Hyattsville, Maryland
Ships
, four Royal Navy ships
, sister ship of SS Prince Rupert
, successor to SS Prince George, launched in 1947.
, a 19th-century barque
, operated by the Hudson's Bay Company from 1834–1837, see Hudson's Bay Company vessels
Other
Mr. PG, a mascot and monument located in Prince George, British Columbia
Prince George (racehorse), favourite for the 1849 Grand National
Al-Dabaah (, also spelled Daba'a) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located southwest of Homs. Nearby localities include Arjoun to the west, Kafr Mousa and al-Ghassaniyah to the northwest, Daminah al-Gharbiyah to the north, al-Buwaydah al-Sharqiyah and Daminah al-Sharqiyah to the northeast, Shamsin to the east and Jandar to the southeast. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), al-Dabaah had a population of 3,129 in the 2004 census.
References
Populated places in al-Qusayr District
The 1880 Brown Bears football team represented Brown University in the 1880 college football season. The team lost its first game with Yale, the only match of the season.
Schedule
References
Brown
Brown Bears football seasons
College football winless seasons
Brown Bears football
Chickahominy Reservoir is located near U.S. Highway 20 east of Bend, Oregon, and west of Burns, Oregon, in the United States. It was built as an irrigation reservoir, but is now managed by Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife as a recreational fishery. The reservoir is very long and is narrow at points, almost pinched at the center.
A dam on Chickahominy Creek in Harney County, Oregon, formed the reservoir. After leaving the reservoir, the creek then flows into Silver Creek, north of Riley. Chickahominy Reservoir was named for the creek that bears the same name, and the origin is uncertain. Speculation exists that members of the U.S. Cavalry, who were fighting in the Bannock War near Silver Creek, named the creek in 1878. In fact, Reuben F. Bernard, a cavalry commander, had fought in several campaigns along the Chickahominy River in Virginia during the American Civil War in 1862.
The lake sits in the wide open and is exposed to harsh wind, and is surrounded by miles of sagebrush and few trees.
If planning to fish this lake, it is best in the morning and evening. The limit is five fish, motors are allowed, and boaters are speed limit-controlled. The lake is open year round. Although not a huge reservoir, Chickahominy is large enough to stock trout. Annually, it is stocked with rainbow trout fingerlings, and conditions allow for rapid growth. The reservoir provides an ideal habitat for growing huge trout, which feast year-round on minnows, leeches, and aquatic insects. The reservoir is usually frozen by mid-December.
A paved boat ramp is located near the dam.
See also
List of lakes in Oregon
References
Reservoirs in Oregon
Lakes of Harney County, Oregon
Buildings and structures in Harney County, Oregon
Protected areas of Harney County, Oregon
This article provides details of international football games played by the Bahrain national team from 2000 to 2009.
Results
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
Head to head records
Notes
1 This match was originally scheduled for 13 October 2001 and started normally, but was interrupted at 25 minutes when Bahrain won 1–0 due to an electrical fire at Rajamangala Stadium.
References
Football in Bahrain
Bahrain national football team
2000s in Bahraini sport
This is a list of Estonian football transfers in the winter transfer window 2020–21 by club.
This transfer window is open between the 2020 Meistriliiga and the 2021 Meistriliiga season. 1 club has changed: Pärnu JK Vaprus joins Estonian top division, while JK Tallinna Kalev was relegated.
Meistriliiga
Flora
In:
Out:
Paide Linnameeskond
In:
Out:
FCI Levadia
In:
Out:
Nõmme Kalju
In:
Out:
Tartu Tammeka
In:
Out:
Viljandi Tulevik
In:
Out:
Tallinna Legion
In:
Out:
Narva Trans
In:
Out:
Kuressaare
In:
Out:
Pärnu Vaprus
In:
Out:
References
External links
Official site of the Estonian Football Association
Official site of the Meistriliiga
Estonian
transfers
transfers
2020–21
is a passenger railway station located in the city of Komatsushima, Tokushima Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Shikoku and has the station number "M07".
Lines
Awa-Akaishi Station is served by the Mugi Line and is located 14.2 km from the beginning of the line at . Only local trains stop at the station.
Layout
The station consists of a side platform serving a single track. A simple metal structure in a modern style serves as a waiting room by the platform. A large bike shed is available outside the station but a fee is required for parking. The station is unstaffed but the staff at the shelter managing the bikeshed also sell some kinds of tickets as a kan'i itaku agent.
Adjacent stations
History
Awa-Akaishi Station was opened on 15 December 1916 as Akaishi Station. It was then an intermediate station along a stretch of track laid down by the privately run from Chūden to and Furushō (now closed). On 1 July 1936, the Anan Railway was nationalized. Japanese Government Railways (JGR) took over control of the station, renamed it Awa-Akaishi and operated it as part of the Mugi Line. On 1 April 1987, with the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR), the successor of JGR, control of the station passed to JR Shikoku.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2018, the station was used by an average of 678 passengers daily
Surrounding area
Komatsushima City Shinkai Elementary School
Komatsushima City Komatsushima Minami Junior High School
JMSDF Komatsushima Air Base
See also
List of Railway Stations in Japan
References
External links
JR Shikoku official homepage
Railway stations in Tokushima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1916
Komatsushima, Tokushima
Pontianus (, ) (alternatively anglicized as Pontian) was a second century Christian martyr. He was martyred during the reign of the Emperor Marcus Aurelius. He is honored as a saint and martyr by the Catholic Church, the Old Catholic Church, and the Eastern Orthodox Church. In Spoleto, Italy, he is invoked for protection against earthquakes.
Life
According to a Passio preserved in the Cathedral of Spoleto, Pontianus was a young man from a local noble family of Spoleto, 18 years of age, who had been denounced as a Christian to the Roman authorities. Brought before a judge named Flavian, he chose torture and death rather than renounce his faith. He was condemned to death and beheaded on 14 January 175.
Veneration
Basilica of San Ponziano
Pontianus' body was buried in the local cemetery, called di Sincleta, outside the city walls. The Basilica of San Ponziano was eventually built over his grave as a shrine to his memory. He has become the patron saint of that city. A monastery was built attached to the basilica for a community of Benedictine monks to administer it. Over the centuries, the monks were replaced by nuns of the same order. The monastery was suppressed in 1810 during the occupation of Italy by Napoleonic forces.
Every year a festival is held in the city to honor Pontianus, its patron. Various services are held starting on the eve of the feast, which culminate in a procession through the streets of the city. Pontianus' skull, preserved in the basilica, is processed for veneration by the people of the city.
Today the complex of basilica and monastery is operated by a community of Canonesses Regular of the Lateran. The canonesses operate the ancient monastery as a religious guesthouse, open to all.
Patron saint of Utrecht
Devotion to Pontianus grew throughout the region. In 966, Bishop Balderic of Utrecht travelled to Rome to present an account of his administration, as required by Church law. He took the opportunity to tour various churches and monasteries, from which he obtained numerous relics of the saints for the churches of his diocese. In the course of this journey, he obtained one of Pontianus' arms, which he had enshrined in his cathedral. As a result, Pontianus was named a co-patron of the diocese.
At the time that the Protestant Reformation took hold in Utrecht, Calvinist mobs attacked the Catholic cathedral there. Members of the Old Catholic Church, headquartered in that city, sought to protect his relics, which they were given and then preserved.
In 1994 the Primate of the Old Catholic Church returned this relic in a solemn manner to the abbess of the monastery which administers the basilica.
Protection against earthquakes
In Spoleto, Pontianus is invoked for protection against earthquakes. This developed from an ancient tradition that, before his death, the young martyr had predicted that "Spoleto will shake but not will collapse".
In 1703, the first of a series of devastating earthquakes occurred on his feast day. It affected the entire region of Italy, lasting nearly three weeks. While thousands of people died as a result, there were no deaths in Spoleto.
Artwork
Pontianus is one of the 140 saints whose statues adorn St. Peter's Square on top of Bernini's colonnades.
Notes
156 births
175 deaths
People from Spoleto
2nd-century Romans
Executed Italian people
Burials in Umbria
Italian Roman Catholic saints
2nd-century Christian martyrs
Carmela Menashe (, born 1949) is an Israeli journalist serving as a military reporter on IDF issues, on Israel's public radio Kol Yisrael.
Biography
Carmela Menashe is the daughter of Iraqi Jewish immigrants. She holds a master's degree in History of the Jewish People from Tel Aviv University. She served in the IDF Paratroopers Brigade.
She has one daughter, Ella, whom she raised as a single mother. Besides her journalism career, she is known as a champion of IDF soldiers and their families, aiding those who have been harassed or neglected within the IDF.
Journalism career
In 1974, Menashe started working at Kol Yisrael as a secretary. After graduating from a correspondents course, she was appointed the editor of the "Tzivei Keshset" radio program. Since 1994 she has also served as the director of military reporters at Kol Yisrael.
Menashe was the first female Israeli broadcaster to become a military correspondent.
Awards and recognition
Sokolov Award for her exposés and activities (1998)
Bnot Brit award for outstanding contribution to society security
Israel Broadcasting Authority's Ilan Roe Award presented by the CEO
Movement for Quality Government in Israel award.
Ometz - citizens for proper government and social and judicial justice award (2008)
The EMET Prize for Art, Science and Culture, Category in the Social Sciences, field of Journalism (2010)
In 2014, Menashe was chosen to light at torch at the Israel Independence Day ceremony on Mount Herzl.
See also
Women of Israel
References
1949 births
Iraqi emigrants to Israel
Israeli journalists
Israeli women journalists
Israeli reporters and correspondents
Israeli radio personalities
Living people
EMET Prize recipients in the Social Sciences
Tel Aviv University alumni
Israeli people of Iraqi-Jewish descent
The Narval class were a group of submarines built for the Imperial Russian Navy. They were designed by the Electric Boat Company and ordered in the 1911 programme as the "Holland 31A" design. The Narval class had advanced features including watertight bulkheads, a crash diving tank and gravitationally filled ballast tanks which did not feature in contemporary Russian-designed boats. The boats were well regarded by the Russian Navy and served in the Black Sea Fleet during World War I, during which they sank 8 merchant ships and 74 coastal vessels.
At the end of 1917, the submarines were transferred to the reserve. The submarines were scuttled by British forces in April 1919 near Sevastopol.
Ships
Three submarines were built by Nikolayev Dockyard.
Kit was raised by EPRON in 1934, but the hulls of the other two boats remain on the bottom in the place they were scuttled. The whereabouts of Narval was unknown until October 2014, though some historians believe it was virtually discovered by the Soviet underwater laboratory Bentos-300 back in 1980. In June 2018, a joint expedition of the Russian Geographical Society's Sevastopol branch, the Ministry of Defence and Sevastopol State University was undertaken to examine the wreck of five submarines, including Narval and Kashalot, by using a remotely operated underwater vehicle. It was reported in May 2019 that the wreck site is to be listed as a cultural heritage.
References
Further reading
Submarine classes
Submarines of the Imperial Russian Navy
Grobišče (, ) is a small village on the Pivka River southwest of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
References
External links
Grobišče on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Postojna
Moss on the Stones () is a 1968 Austrian drama film directed by Georg Lhotsky. The Austrian academic Robert von Dassanowsky said it was one of the most remarkable and memorable Austrian films of the 1960s. The film was selected as the Austrian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 42nd Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Cast
Fritz Muliar as The Architect
Erika Pluhar as Julia
Louis Ries as Mehlmann
Johannes Schauer as Karl
Heinz Trixner as Petrik
Wilfried Zeller-Zellenberg as The Baron
See also
List of submissions to the 42nd Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Austrian submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
1968 films
1968 drama films
1960s German-language films
Austrian drama films
Films directed by Georg Lhotsky
Films based on Austrian novels
The Tombstones of Duke Momčilo are a group of three medieval tombstones about 5 km to the South-East from the center of Teslić in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The exact location of the tombstones is in Brkića Potok, a sub-village of Vrućica. They are situated on a hill, on south-western sides od Stražbenica hill.
The locals named the tombstones as Duke Momčilo's tombstones and they believe that they are tombstones of the duke, his wife and their child. No historical or archeological research confirmed that there ever was any Duke reigning the area, nor there was any other ruler named Momčilo.
The tombstones are not under care of any official authority. No research concluded their age or origin.
Sources
Petar Bogunović: Iz usorskog kraja i okoline
Boško Petrović: Vojvoda Momčilo
Rock art in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bogomilism
Kotorr (in Albanian) is a village in Kosovo located in the town-municipality of Skenderaj and in the District of Mitrovica. According to the 2011 census, it had 279 inhabitants, all of whom were Albanian.
Geography
The village is located on the north side of the Pec-Mitrovica road, some 8 kilometres north-west of Skenderaj/Srbica.
History
The village was mentioned in the 1455 Ottoman defter (tax registry) of the conquered lands of Gjergj Kastrioti Skenderbeu. The village had an old church, of which only micro-toponyms exist today: "Church" ( Kisha), and "Church Valley" (Lugu i Kishës).
After the Kosovo War, during the presence of the NATO-led peacekeeping Kosovo Force, two houses belonging to Serbs were burnt down and one house was illegally occupied.
Demographics
Notes
References
Villages in Skenderaj
Medieval Serbian sites in Kosovo
Drenica
A list of church synods held in the Frankish kingdom and its immediate predecessors in the Frankish area, including the Visigothic Kingdom, the Ostrogothic Kingdom, and the Kingdom of Burgundy.
Background and importance
Regional synods had been held regularly in the Church of Gaul, more than thirty of them between 314 and 506. The synods listed here (some of which are also referred to as "General synods of the German empire") mark a particularly Germanic development in the Western Church: to the usual regional or provincial councils, Germanic peoples added a traditional element from their systems of government, the idea of a national council, which was influenced by the Christian East.
They also indicate a growing congruence between church and state. While Arian rulers kept their distance from the general councils, Visigoth rulers began influencing the councils only after the conversion of Reccared I. As soon as they had established themselves, Merovingian kings (and the Carolingians after them) exerted their influence on the councils. According to Gregory Halfond, such congruence was a particular quality of the Gallo-Roman church, in which the Roman aristocracy made up an important part of the leadership of the Gallo-Roman (and later the Frankish) church; continuity in this power nexus is indicated also by the continued use of Roman procedures in the councils.
An early important churchman is Caesarius of Arles, who presided over the Visigoth synod held at Agde in 506, and then over the Second Council of Orange (529) and the Second council of Vaison (529). The synods organized by Caesarius were regional, and were mostly concerned with conforming the canons and practices of the Church of Gaul to those of other Churches. At Orange, for instance, he had earlier (Pelagian) practices of the Gallic church anathematized, and at the ensuing council in Vaison liturgical conformity with other Churches (Italy, Africa, the East) was established. A model for the following Frankish synods was set by Clovis I, who organized the First Council of Orléans (511); though he did not himself attend it, he set the agenda and followed the proceedings closely (at stake was "the unification of the Roman church under Frankish rule"). After the waning of Caesarius's influence and the establishment of Merovingian rule, the focus of the soon-to-be Frankish Church shifted north, to deal with the growing problem of adjusting to "deeply embedded Germanic practices"; rather than Pelagianism or Predestinatarianism, bishops now had to deal with problems involving "marriage, the relations between a warrior aristocracy and clergy, or monks and nuns, the conflicts born of royal influence and control, or of property rights".
The basic model established by Clovis entailed a meeting of church leaders (at any level) which could be convoked by religious or secular authorities. The result of such meetings were ecclesiastical legislative decisions called canones. Another aspect of synods was judicial: those who had transgressed ecclesiastical and other law were investigated and judged. Finally, synods decided on matters of grants and privileges.
Many of the synods (sometimes also called "councils"—"synod" is sometimes applied to smaller gatherings), though not all, have what can be called "conciliar status," that is, they were convoked by a monarchical authority. Especially in the Frankish church the great number of conciliar canons is evidence of the close relationship between the rulers and the church. By the eighth century, however, the regular organization of synods had largely disappeared, and when Boniface complained to Pope Zacharias in 742 that there hadn't been a synod in the Frankish church in at least eighty years, he was not exaggerating by much. Boniface's Concilium Germanicum was the first of three "reform councils" he organized in his attempts to reform the Frankish church. He was only partially successful in his attempts, and never really succeeded in disentangling the close relationship between nobility and clergy, which in many cases had led to church property being owned by noblemen (who had been appointed bishops by Carolingian rulers, for instance to appease them) and their families.
Post-Roman synods held in Gaul before the Frankish period
Visigoth synods
Synod of Agde (506)
Synod of Marseilles (533)
Council of Septimania (589)
Ostrogoth synods
Synod of Arles (506)
Synod of Arles (524)
Synod of Carpentras (527)
Second Council of Orange (529)
Second Council of Vaison (529)
Burgundian synods
Council of Lyon (516) (c. 516)
Council of Epaone (517), united the ecclesiastical provinces of Lyon and Vienne
Council of Lyon (518/9)
Second Council of Valence (ca. 528)
Frankish synods
Sixth century
First Council of Orléans (511)
Second Council of Orléans (533)
First Council of Clermont (Auvergne) (535)
Third Council of Orléans (538)
Fourth Council of Orléans (541)
Second Council of Clermont (Auvergne) (549)
Fifth Council of Orléans (549)
Synod of Toul (550), presided over by Nicetius
Synod of Paris (550)
Synod of Metz (550/5)
Synod of Éauze (551)
Second Synod of Paris (551/2 / 556/73 / 567)
Synod of Brittany (552)
Synod of Arles (554)
Second Council of Tours (567)
Synod of Paris (573), by order of Guntram
Synod of Paris (577), by order of Chilperic I
Synod of Saintes (579)
Synod of Mâcon (581/3)
Council of Lyon (583)
Third Council of Valence (583/5)
Third Council of Clermont (Auvergne) (584/91)
Seventh century
Council of Paris (614)
Sixth Council of Orléans (621)
Council of Clichy (626/7)
Synod of Mâcon (627)
Council of Clichy (636)
Sixth Council of Orléans (639/41), convoked by Clovis II
Council of Bourges (ca. 643), declared invalid by Sigebert III
Synod of Chalon-sur-Saône (647/53)
Synod of Arles (648/60)
First Synod of Rouen (650), decided on simony and on liturgical and canonical matters
Synod of Paris (653)
Council of Clichy (654)
Synod of Nantes (655/8)
Synod of Bordeaux (662/75), convoked by Childeric II
Synod of Autun (662/76)
Synod of Saint-Jean-de-Losne (673/75), convoked by Childeric II
Synod of Malay-le-Roi (677), convoked by Theuderic III
Synod of Auxerre (695)
Eighth century
Concilium Germanicum, presided over by Boniface (742/3)
Council of Estinnes (1 March 744), Boniface's second reform council
Council of Soissons (744) (3 March 744)
Synod of Gentilly (767), sanctioned the traditional trinity (the matter of the Filioque) and veneration of images in the Western Church
Council of Frankfurt (794)
Council of Friuli (796)
Ninth century
Council of Aachen (809)
Synod of Worms (868)
Synod of Tribur (895), presided over by Hatto I
References
Notes
Bibliography
Francia
Frankish synods
Christianity in the Middle Ages
Christianity in Francia
Visigoths
The Mociur is a right tributary of the river Bega in Romania. It flows into the Bega near Șuștra. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Timiș County
Lyster Hoxie Dewey (1865–1944) was an American botanist from Michigan.
Lyster Dewey was born in Cambridge, Michigan on March 14, 1865. In 1888, he graduated from Michigan State Agricultural College where, for the next two years, he taught botany.
Career
Dewey was hired as an assistant botanist of the United States Department of Agriculture in 1890. He served in that role until 1903 when he became the botanist in charge of fiber investigations and fiber plants research at USDA's Arlington Experimental Farm.
In 1911, he was the U.S. representative to the International Fibre Congress, held in Surabaya on Java island, in the Dutch East Indies (present day Indonesia).
Publications
His publications comprised bulletins of the United States Department of Agriculture, on:
the production of fiber from flax, hemp (Cannabis species), sisal, and manila plants
the origin of cotton and classification of the varieties of cotton plants (Gossypium species).
investigations on grasses and invasive troublesome weeds.
He wrote about growing exotically named varieties of hemp on USDA research land in Virginia known as the Arlington Experimental Farm, site of the present day Pentagon.
Personal Diaries
Dewey began keeping personal diaries in 1896 and wrote in them nearly daily until his death in 1944. He recorded everything from quotidian activities such as where he dined that day, who he met at the office, how his wife and family spent their afternoons; he recorded important current events, such as presidential inaugurations, developments in the many wars that occurred during his lifetime, notes on the weather, modes of transportation and his personal reflections. Dewey recorded in his diaries much of the field observation and study he conducted on industrial hemp”numerous crops of diverse varieties which he grew on U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) research plots just outside Washington, D.C. where he lived with his family.
Taxonomist abbreviation
References
External links
Lyster Dewey diaries web site
American agricultural writers
American botanical writers
American pamphleteers
American male non-fiction writers
American taxonomists
1865 births
1944 deaths
Cannabis researchers
Scientists from Michigan
United States Department of Agriculture people
Michigan State University alumni
Michigan State University faculty
People from Lenawee County, Michigan
19th-century American botanists
20th-century American botanists
20th-century American non-fiction writers
Land Bay () is an ice-filled bay, about wide, indenting the coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica, just eastward of Groves Island. It was discovered by the United States Antarctic Service (1939–41), and takes its name from Land Glacier which descends into the bay.
Further reading
R. Kwok, Ross Sea Ice Motion, Area Flux, and Deformation, Journal of Climate: Vol. 18, No. 18, pp. 3759–3776. doi: 10.1175/JCLI3507.1
External links
Land Bay on USGS website
Land Bay on AADC website
Land Bay on SCAR website
Land Bay on marineregions
References
Bays of Marie Byrd Land
Jerry Turek (born 2 April 1975) is a former Canadian tennis player.
Turek has a career high ATP singles ranking of world No. 1089, achieved on 14 August 1995. He also has a career high ATP doubles ranking of world No. 183 achieved on 11 June 2001.
Turek made his ATP main draw debut at the 1998 Canadian Open receiving a wild card that granted him direct entry in the doubles main draw. Partnering compatriot Simon Larose, the pair lost in the first round to American pairing Donald Johnson and Francisco Montana in three sets.
Turek reached 11 career doubles finals, with a record of 7 wins and 4 losses which includes a 2–1 record in ATP Challenger finals. He was never able to reach a single final in his career, at any level.
ATP Challenger and ITF Futures finals
Doubles: 11 (7–4)
External links
1975 births
Living people
Canadian male tennis players
Canadian people of Czech descent
20th-century Canadian people
21st-century Canadian people
The Epilogue was a feature of BBC radio and later television being the last programme broadcast each Sunday evening lasting five to ten minutes and being based on a non-denominational reflective theme usually delivered by a Christian minister or priest in a straight to-camera talk. In British television terminology, an "epilogue" is an equivalent of the American sermonette. Later the format was adopted by the independent television broadcaster ITV and its franchises including Scottish Television and Southern Television.
The Epilogue was first broadcast on BBC Radio on Sunday 26 September 1926. Originally the programme consisted of themed Bible readings but later hymns were added for listeners at home to join in with. At this time the BBC's Sunday radio broadcasts were restricted to programmes that were regarded as inoffensive and appropriate to the Sabbath, and in this area The Epilogue stood out and was greatly appreciated by its listeners. Two years later in 1928 the BBC could report that the Sunday Epilogue was "the most popular single item in all the programmes".
During the 1930s The Epilogue was transmitted from Studio 3E in Broadcasting House in London. However, during World War II the BBC moved much of its operations out of London to Bedford where the BBC Epilogue was transmitted live on the Home Service and Forces Programme at the end of each day's radio programmes at about 10.30pm. At first it was broadcast from St Paul's Church in Bedford but because of the problems caused by blacking-out the church windows the programme was later relocated to the Bunyan Chapel studio.
In 1956 the independent broadcaster ITV launched its own versions of the programme across its franchises including Southern Television, Scottish Television and TWW, with their late-night programmes variously called Late Call or Last Programme, etc, but these were dropped from the schedules in 1988 when the companies moved to late night broadcasting.
References
1926 radio programme debuts
Religious mass media in the United Kingdom
British religious television series
1956 British television series debuts
1988 British television series endings
Public data may refer to:
Open data
any data that inadvertently becomes public affecting information privacy
Open data
Information privacy
The Studio Art Quilt Associates, abbreviated as SAQA, is a leading non-profit advocacy group for art quilts based in Hebron, Connecticut, in the United States.
Formation
In the book, American Quilts: The Democratic Art, 1780-2007, Robert Shaw states, "Contemporary quilts were rarely seen in major art publications or in museum and gallery exhibitions, and critical writing about unconventional quilts was almost nonexistent."
Shaw further writes, "Realizing that they could not wait for attention to come to them, artist-quiltmakers began to take matters into their own hands. In 1989, California quiltmaker Yvonne Porcella founded Studio Art Quilt Associates, a nonprofit advocacy group dedicated to "serving artists working in the art quilt medium." The first Board of Directors consisted of Yvonne Porcella, Holly Junker, Beth Gutcheon, Marti Michell, and Roderick Kiracofe. SAQA sought to establish the place of artist-made quilts among contemporary fine art, to serve as a forum for the professional development of quilt artists, and to act as an informative resource for curators, dealers, art consultants, teachers, students, and collectors. An initial group of about fifty quilt artists contributed seed money and volunteered time to implement the founding of the organization, which continues to be a strong voice today".
Defining the Art Quilt
In the past, SAQA had defined the art quilt as: "A contemporary art work exploring and expressing aesthetic concerns common to the whole range of visual arts, painting, printing, photography, graphic design, assemblage, and sculpture, which retains however through material or technique a clear relationship to the folk art quilt from which it descends".
As of 2012, in response to a membership survey, SAQA has broadened the working definition of an art quilt to, "A creative visual work that is layered and stitched or that references this form of stitched layered structure".
References
External links
SAQA.com The official web pages Studio Art Quilt Associates
International artist groups and collectives
Arts organizations established in 1989
Organizations established in 1989
1989 establishments in Connecticut
Quilting
Hebron, Connecticut
Dedeler is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
John Anglin may refer to:
John Anglin (criminal) (1930–?), American criminal who escaped in 1962 from Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary
John Anglin (sailor) (1850–1905), cabin boy in US Navy, received Medal of Honor
Françoise Loranger (June 18, 1913 – April 5, 1995) was a Canadian playwright, radio producer, theatrical writer and feminist. She was born in Saint-Hilaire.
Biography
Loranger left school at the age of 15, there being no public education provision in Québec for girls at the time. At the age of 17 she was writing short fiction for the magazine Revue Populaire. She started writing radio scripts in 1938, often collaborating with the poet, novelist and playwright Robert Choquette. In 1949 she published her first novel, Mathieu, which was a success with critics and the public. In the 1950s and 1960s she wrote many TV dramas, notably the series Sous le signe du lion (1961–62). In 1965 she turned her attention to the theatre with the play Une maison … un jour, which toured France and Russia. She won the 1967 Governor General's Awards with Encore cinq minutes in the French "poetry or drama" section.
Loranger died in Montreal.
Selected works
Mathieu (1949)
Theatre
Une maison … un jour (1963)
Encore cinq minutes (1966)
Double jeu (1967)
Le chemin du roy en collaboration avec Claude Levac (1967-1978)
Médium saignant (1969)
Jour après jour (1971)
Un si bel automne (1971)
La dame de cent ans (1995)
TV
Georges … oh! Georges ou Jour après Jour (1958)
La dame de cent ans (1978)
Sous le signe du lion (1993)
References
External links
Canadian Encyclopedia
1913 births
1995 deaths
Canadian women dramatists and playwrights
Canadian feminists
20th-century Canadian dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Canadian women writers
Canadian dramatists and playwrights in French
Writers from Quebec
Zanjeer () is a 2013 Indian action film directed by Apoorva Lakhia. The film is shot simultaneously in Hindi and Telugu languages, the latter titled Thoofan (). A remake of the 1973 Hindi film of the same name, it stars Ram Charan (in his Hindi debut) and Priyanka Chopra (in her Telugu debut) with Sanjay Dutt in a pivotal role in the Hindi version who is replaced by Srihari in Telugu. Prakash Raj, Atul Kulkarni, and Mahie Gill play supporting roles. Reliance BIG Entertainment bought worldwide distribution rights for . Upon release the film got mostly negative reviews.
Plot
ACP Vijay Khanna is a brutally honest police officer who has been transferred yet again by the system for chasing the corrupt underworld goons. He is continuously disturbed by the killing of his parents years back. He keeps remembering a man in a black raincoat on his birthday.
Vijay is in charge of a case where the district collector has been murdered and burned to death. The key eyewitness, Mala (Priyanka Chopra), has seen the murder by Teja's (Prakash Raj) gang and refuses to cooperate. Teja is the head of an oil mafia operation and does not want Mala alive. Vijay manages to convince Mala to give a statement which makes her perpetrators come after her. He gives her shelter in his house to protect her, and she starts to like him, while Vijay does not reciprocate the same. This includes her giving him a potato and egg for lunch at his office and then annoying him by celebrating his birthday. He shouts at her, and she begins to cry. Vijay tells her that he did not want to celebrate because his parents were killed on the very day and reveal his past to her. He finally reciprocates her love as he realized that Mala is slowly becoming an important part of his life.
Vijay also encounters Sher Khan, who is into buying and selling of illegal cars. Seeing Vijay's honesty and determination, Sher Khan turns over a new leaf and mends his ways to transform into a person who now only goes by the book. He has made Vijay a friend for life and will do anything to help him out. Vijay also encounters Jaydev a.k.a. JD, a reporter who had written bad comments about Vijay in the newspaper. Seeing Vijay's honesty and integrity, Jaydev becomes an admirer of Vijay and begins to give him all the information he has regarding the oil mafia.
Meanwhile, Kataria the man who murdered the collector, has been caught by Vijay. Kataria is revealed to be Teja's man, and he reveals that they steal petrol and oil from container trucks, add kerosene in them, and smuggle them around and outside the country. Vijay uses this information and puts Kataria in custody, but the next day, he is found murdered in custody. In the middle of this, Vijay also finds about a man named Prashant Khanna, who was killed years back by Teja. Due to certain incidents that gave Vijay wrong information about the oil mafia that Teja is handling, Vijay is suspended until the investigation is done with. Now, Vijay warns Teja that there are no seniors or rules that bind him, and now, Vijay will finish Teja in his own style. Slowly, Vijay begins to destroy almost all of Teja's oil refineries, but Mala says that all these activities that Vijay is doing can have dangerous consequences.
One night, Vijay and Mala go to a restaurant for dinner, where Vijay gets attacked by two of Teja's men in the bathroom. Vijay kills both the men and calls Teja and warns him that even if he sends the rest of his 248 men (it was earlier mentioned by Teja that he has 250 workers under him), nothing will happen to Vijay. A few days later, Sher Khan invites Vijay and Mala to a party. Later on, when they are returning home, they are attacked once again by 10 of Teja's men. Vijay manages to lock Mala in a small room there and gets badly injured fighting them. He is almost killed, but just in time, Sher Khan comes there, handles the rest of the goons, and along with Mala, and takes Vijay to the hospital.
The next day, Teja comes there and criticizes Vijay, saying that he is one who can only talk and does not have the guts to face Teja. After he leaves, Mala finally tells Vijay to finish Teja once and for all. That night, Teja's men, along with Teja's trusted man Bosco, kill Jaydev, and the whole city begins to panic. Meanwhile, two sub-inspectors who work under Vijay give Sher Khan information that on the night when Kataria was murdered, Inspector Saalwe had arrested a man for a petty case, but Saalwe did not record the case, and so they suspect that Saalwe and the man he arrested had killed Kataria. So, using some of his informers, Sher Khan finds Saalwe and Bosco, who was hiding himself and Saalwe in a colony. Then, he puts them in front of the commissioner, and they agree that they had killed Kataria by breaking his neck, and they had done it on Teja's saying, as he feared that Kataria might leak all the information about his gang. The commissioner realizes Vijay's innocence and claims Teja as a wanted criminal.
Out of fear, Teja runs away into an old mine with Mona, but Vijay manages to track him down. Teja manages to get Vijay at gunpoint and pulls his coat's sleeve back. Then, Vijay notices a tattoo on Teja's arm and realizes that he is the one who killed his parents. Then, Vijay says that Prashant, who Teja killed years back, was Vijay's father. Teja is shocked and reveals that Prashant had filed a case against him, and so, Teja had to kill Prashant. In a fit of rage, Vijay begins to beat Teja badly. Vijay then breaks Teja's arm, kicks him into a bundle of petroleum barrels, and then shoots the barrels, causing Teja to die in the blast. The government announces all the wealth to be given to Mona, who was also said to be in all of Teja's nefarious activities. The film ends with Sher Khan and Mala coming to visit Vijay at the station, Mala finally being able to cook some food for him, and Vijay smiling at Sher Khan when he sees a drug mafia case coming on TV.
Cast
Marketing
Telugu version
Zanjeer in the USA by BlueSky. The first look and official theatrical trailer of Thoofan (Telugu version) were launched by Reliance Entertainment on its YouTube Official Channel on 25 March 2013 featuring Ram Charan, Priyanka Chopra, Prakash Raj and Srihari. Zanjeers worldwide distribution rights were bought by Reliance BIG Entertainment for . The Telugu version was then dubbed and released in Tamil during January 2017 as Super Police.
Hindi version
The first look and theatrical trailer of Zanjeer (Hindi version) were released on 4 July 2013. The dubbing process started from 26 March 2013, where Sanjay Dutt plays the role played by Srihari. Sanjay Dutt finished Zanjeer filming − with only a few days left at his disposal before returning to jail. One of India's leading male voice artist Viraj Adhav dubbed the voice of Ramcharan.
Production
Casting
Director Apoorva Lakhia signed up Telugu star Ram Charan and Priyanka Chopra for the lead roles. Prakash Raj was roped in to play the character of Teja. There were reports that Sonu Sood and Arjun Rampal were being considered for the role of Sher Khan. It was also reported that Sanjay Dutt was cast for the role. In September 2012, The Times of India reported that both Arjun Rampal and Sanjay Dutt opted out citing date issues and the makers had finalised Sonu Sood for the role. Later Sanjay Dutt was chosen to play the character in the Hindi version, while Srihari portrayed the same character in the Telugu version. Bindu's iconic 'Mona Darling' act was taken over by Mahi Gill, after talks with actresses Jacqueline Fernandez, Mallika Sherawat and Malaika Arora Khan fell through. Atul Kulkarni was seen in a new role in this film. After Sonu Sood was injured in the CCL match playing for Mumbai Heroes, he was replaced with Srihari for the Sher Khan role in Thoofan. Popular TV artist Kavitha Kaushik was roped in for a special song in the movie. Zanjeers script cost and was re-bought by Apoorva Lakhia.
Filming
The Telugu version of the film is titled Thoofan. Priyanka Chopra took an acting fee of while Ram charan was paid as highest debut hero with an acting fee of including Toofan. The director planned for a 25-day schedule in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh from 14 November to 5 December 2012.
Post-production
Soundtrack
Critical reception
The film received mixed to negative reviews from the critics.
Taran Adarsh rated 3/5 telling "The new Zanjeer borrows from the original, but it is more of an updated avatar of that film. On the whole, Zanjeer is a triumph for Ram Charan, who gets abundant opportunity to exhibit his talent and scores exceedingly well. However, the film comes across as a regular masala fare that caters to the single screen spectator mainly and also for enthusiasts of typical Bollywood entertainers." Meena Iyer of The Times of India rates 3/5 telling "Yet, this film should be judged as a stand-alone offering because attempts to compare the two versions will find the current one falling short, especially in the dialogue and music departments. Ram Charan, as the brooding policeman, excels in action. His dark eyes with long lashes adeptly convey anger. Sanjay Dutt is competent and lovable."
Its affiliation newspaper Mumbai Mirror gave a 1.5-star rating and the reviewer Karan Anshuman said "If Salim-Javed do watch this film, one wouldn't be surprised if they decided to give the money and 'core story' credit back and disassociate themselves from this embarrassment of a "remake". Anupama Chopra termed the movie 'a ramshackle remake' and wrote, "This remake is wrong on so many levels that I don't know where to begin. This isn't a film. It's sacrilege."
Raja Sen of Rediff.com gave a zero rating and said it was an unforgivably bad remake. Shubra Gupta of The Indian Express said "It's neither faithful remake nor campy, knowing tribute. It's just a poor copy". Rajeev Masand of IBN-live gave 0/5 saying "The new 'Zanjeer' isn't just a bad film, it's a shameless exercise in laziness."
India Today – "Zanjeer makes it to the list of the worst films ever made". Times of Oman – "It would be a sin to compare this lazy attempt to the original. Even as a standalone film, it fails miserably".
MSN India – "Thoofan is like paying money to dig your own grave." Sunday Guardian – "Two and a half hours of uninterrupted idiocy".
Box office
Zanjeer/Toofan was released in 2,085 theatres in India and about 3550 theatres worldwide. The total collections of both versions was around 18.2 crore (INR). Toofan collected 10.2C (INR) and Zanjeer collected 8C (INR). Worldwide distribution rights of Zanjeer and all its versions were sold for . The movie had a budget of 60 crore.
References
External links
Hindi-language action films
Indian multilingual films
2013 films
Remakes of Indian films
Indian action films
2013 action films
2010s Hindi-language films
2010s Telugu-language films
Films shot in Hyderabad, India
Fictional portrayals of the Maharashtra Police
Films set in Mumbai
Films shot in Mumbai
2013 masala films
Indian vigilante films
2010s vigilante films
Films scored by Anand Raj Anand
Reliance Entertainment films
Journalism adapted into films
Films with screenplays by Salim–Javed
2013 multilingual films
Films directed by Apoorva Lakhia
The , signed as Route 3, is one of the routes of the Hanshin Expressway system serving the Keihanshin area in Kansai, Japan. It is an intercity route that travels in an east to west direction from Osaka to Kobe, with a total length of .
Route description
The Kobe Route begins at Awaza Junction in Nishi-ku, Osaka, where it meets the Ōsakakō Route. From there it travels west from central Osaka. It meets the planned outer loop expressway of the city, the partially completed Yodogawa-Sagan Route, on the southern bank of the Yodo River. After this, the expressway crosses into the city of Amagasaki in eastern Hyōgo Prefecture. Upon entering Amagasaki, the expressway meets National Route 43, which then travels directly alongside the expressway all the way to Kobe.
Along the way to Kobe the expressway has a junction with the Meishin Expressway, the western terminus of that expressway, though direct access to the Meishin Expressway is limited with access being completed via National Route 43. In Nada-ku, Kobe, National Route 43 diverges from the Kobe Route and ends at an intersection with National Route 2. National Route 2 then takes its place as the parallel road for the Kobe Route through central Kobe.
In central Kobe, the expressway closely follows the coastline of the Port of Kobe. Along this stretch of the route, a junction connects the expressway to the Shin-Kobe Tunnel. Continuing west, the expressway leaves the coastline and central Kobe. It then curves north in Suma-ku, Kobe, leaving National Route 2. The expressway meets its western terminus in the ward, but continues west as the Daini-Shinmei Road.
History
The first section of the Kobe Route was opened in 1966. The elevated section of the expressway in central Kobe was built in 1969 during the preparation for the Expo '70 world's fair held in nearby Suita.
When 18 spans of this section collapsed in 1995 during the Great Hanshin earthquake, the stricken expressway became a focal point of the disaster for the media. The structure could not resist the forces of the unprecedented earthquake due to various design inadequacies, including too shallow a foundation for the support pillars and a lack of sufficient either external or internal transverse reinforcement for the pillars. The collapse of the structure did not result in any casualties. The elevated expressway was rebuilt by the end of 1996 and the surviving pillars were retrofitted with steel sheathing to prevent the same type of failure from recurring.
On 18 December 2010, the Kobe Route was linked to the Kobe-Yamate Route after Minatogawa Junction was opened to traffic. On 31 October 2016, Amagasaki-Shūya Toll Gate was removed, it was replaced with a parking area that opened on 19 March 2019.
List of interchanges
See also
References
External links
Roads in Hyōgo Prefecture
Roads in Osaka Prefecture
3
1966 establishments in Japan
Transport infrastructure completed in 1966
The South Carolina Public Service Commission (PSC) is a regulatory agency that regulates public utilities in the state of South Carolina, including electric power, telecommunications, natural gas, and water & wastewater. In addition, the PSC regulates common carriers, including motor carriers of household goods and taxicabs. The PSC also oversees hazardous waste disposal. The headquarters of the PSC is in the state's capital, Columbia.
References
External links
South Carolina
State agencies of South Carolina
Harry Rosen Inc. is a Canadian retail chain of 17 luxury men's clothing stores. A privately owned company, Harry Rosen accounted for 40 percent of the Canadian market in high-end menswear in 2008.
Founded by Harry Rosen in 1954, as a single store in Cabbagetown, Toronto, Harry Rosen now operates stores in Toronto (Mink Mile (Bloor Street), Yorkdale Shopping Centre, Toronto Eaton Centre, First Canadian Place, Sherway Gardens); Mississauga (Square One Shopping Centre); Ottawa (Rideau Centre); Winnipeg (Polo Park); Montreal (Les Cours Mont-Royal); Laval (Carrefour Laval); Edmonton (West Edmonton Mall); Calgary (The Core Shopping Centre, Chinook Centre); and Vancouver (Pacific Centre). There is an outlet store at Heartland Town Centre in Mississauga and at Tsawwassen Mills in Delta, British Columbia.
Harry Rosen stores offer several collections of fine menswear labels, including Armani, Brioni, Hugo Boss, Burberry, Canali, Dolce & Gabbana, Kiton and Ermenegildo Zegna.
History
After working in a clothing factory and in a quality menswear store, Harry Rosen and his brother Lou open a small made-to-measure store on Toronto's Parliament Street with a $500 down payment. By 1961, success allowed them to relocate to larger premises closer to their clientele on Richmond Street in Toronto's Financial District. With little retailing in this area, skeptics criticize the move, but the store soon becomes a destination for customers from across Toronto, Canada, and the United States.
Rosen credits much of his early success to Stann Burkhoff. This customer of his, offered to create advertisements in exchange for two suits - one for him and one for his art director, Reid Bell. Burkhoff and Bell developed the extremely successful "Ask Harry" campaign. This campaign featured provocative text with simple, yet eye catching, graphics in a Canadian national newspaper, The Globe and Mail.
Under Rosen's direction, the company "spends more than any Canadian retailer on its employee training...on the nuances of designer fashion, including the art of 'clothesmanship' – that is, determining the right garment for a man's body shape". Staff are also provided training on how "to manage client lists, how to assess a client's needs, how men shop in general, and how to build and maintain long-term relationships with clients". Consequently the stores have a large number of long-term employees.
National growth began in 1981, when Harry Rosen opened the first store outside of Toronto at West Edmonton Mall. During this time, Harry Rosen began signing exclusive deals with top designers in Europe and the United States to sell their menswear in Canada. Many top designers still sell exclusively at Harry Rosen, with Tom Ford as the most recent addition.
In 1987, Harry opened a three-level, . flagship store on Toronto's Bloor Street. The store became known for its exclusive collections of fine menswear. That same year, The Retail Council of Canada presented Harry Rosen with its first Retail Marketer of the Year Award. Harry Rosen then introduced the award-winning newspaper ad campaign featuring such celebrities as David Cronenberg, Norman Jewison, Christopher Plummer, Remy Shand, Rick Mercer and more in 1996.
Larry Rosen, Harry's eldest son, joined the company in 1984, and after stints in store operations and buying, he became President and Chief Operating Officer in 1997. Larry became Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in 2010, succeeding Harry who still remains with the company as an advisor.
In 1997, harry magazine was launched. With two issues a year, these men's lifestyle magazine covers fashion advice and offers readers guidance in many areas of their life.
In the fall of 2008, Harry Rosen unveiled an expansion of the Bloor Street flagship location in Toronto that represented the largest capital investment ever made by the company. This major storewide renovation added two new stories to the building, providing five floors of retail space within . The chain's flagship store at TD Square in Calgary is also doubling its size, and a second store was added in suburban Calgary at Chinook Centre in 2010.
Website
Harry Rosen began selling merchandise online on May 15, 2009 via its website. Shipping is limited to Canadian addresses.
References
Men's wear proved perfect fit for Rosen
Retail Veterans John Forzani & Harry Rosen Take Top Industry Honours
External links
Clothing brands of Canada
Clothing retailers of Canada
Retail companies established in 1954
Companies based in Toronto
Privately held companies of Canada
1954 establishments in Ontario
Eskipolatlı, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
A page-turner is a person employed to turn sheet music pages for a soloist or accompanist, often a pianist, usually during a performance.
While some music is arranged so that the pages end at places where the musician can spare one hand to turn them, this is not always possible. A page-turner is often necessary for musicians who are playing complex pieces and prefer not to play from memory. A page-turner needs to be able to understand the musician's signals and follow the music to know when to turn the page, and to do so quickly and unobtrusively. Page-turners are sometimes acquaintances of the performer or members of the accompanying orchestra doing a favour. Professional page-turners are often freelance casual workers, not associated with any given concert hall or orchestra.
Mechanical page-turners are also available, sometimes controlled by the musician via a foot pedal. Charles Hallé is said to have invented the automatic page-turner. Foot pedals to turn pages are also available for music displayed on computers.
See also
The Page Turner
References
Occupations in music
Sheet music
Ian Piccard (born 11 March 1968) is a French former alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics and 1998 Winter Olympics.
He is the brother of fellow skiers Franck Piccard, Leila Piccard, Ted Piccard and Jeff Piccard.
References
External links
sports-reference.com
1968 births
Living people
French male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of France
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1998 Winter Olympics
The Calgary Mountaineers are a box lacrosse organization based out of Calgary, Alberta, Canada. The organization represents teams at three levels of the Rocky Mountain Lacrosse League: a Senior B squad, along with a Junior A team and a Junior B team.
History
The Junior B Mountaineers were created in the late 1990s, and have won the Alberta Provincial Championship in 2000, 2004, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013.
In the 2009 season, the Mounties finished the regular season first overall in Alberta with a nearly unfettered record of 19–1.
On August 22, 2009, the Junior B Mountaineers doing what only two non-Ontarian teams have done before upset the OLA Junior B Lacrosse League's Clarington Green Gaels 8–4 to win Alberta's first Founders Cup since 1999, finishing the season with an overall record of 29–3.
Founders Cup
CANADIAN NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIPS
External links
A closer look at the 2009 Founders Cup champion Calgary Mountaineers
Mou
Lacrosse teams in Alberta
Sport clubs established in the 1990s
1990s establishments in Alberta
Taylor Business Institute Chicago is a private for-profit career college in Chicago, Illinois. It was founded in 1962 and awards associate degrees and certificates.
History
Taylor Business Institute has been operating in the Chicago Loop since 1962. From 1962 to 1986, the college was primarily a diploma-focused institute offering women clerk typist and secretarial training and was owned by ITT Educational Services. In 1986, Janice Parker, the former director of the school, acquired the college.
Academics
The institution offers associate degrees, diplomas, and certificates. It is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission (HLC) to award Associate of Applied Science degrees and a Certificate. It is also approved and licensed by the Division of Private Business and Vocational Schools of the Illinois Board of Higher Education under the state's Private Business and Vocational Schools Act and Academic Degree Act.
References
External links
Official website
For-profit universities and colleges in the United States
Educational institutions established in 1962
1962 establishments in Illinois
Universities and colleges in Chicago
Private universities and colleges in Illinois
3 Splash (stylized as 3 SPLASH) is an EP by Japanese recording artist and songwriter Kumi Koda. It was released on 8 July 2009, by Kumi's record label, Rhythm Zone. Her fourth extended play consists of three recordings; "Lick Me" (stylized as "Lick me♥"), "Ecstasy" (capitalized as "ECSTASY") and "Hashire!", with three additional interludes. It was released in two different formats: stand-alone CD, and a CD+DVD bundle - the latter bundle was re-released with a pink-transparent CD holder. The three artworks for the EP depicts Kumi posing with the title of the work superimposed over her. The CD+DVD bundle artwork features her holding a basketball, this artwork was also used for the digital release of the EP.
3 Splashes contains predominantly pop rock and dance music. Kumi contributed by writing the lyrics to "Lick Me" and "Hashire!", while Japanese songwriter and producer Hum created "Ecstasy". Hiroto Suzuki and Shinjiro Inoue were credited as the EP's producers. 3 Splashes received favourable reviews from music critics who commended the EP's production and commercial appeal. 3 Splash reached number two on the Oricon Singles Chart, and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ) for shipments of 100,000 units. "Lick Me", "Ecstasy", and "Hashire!" served as promotional singles, while "Lick Me" was certified platinum for 250,000 digital shipments and nominated for a Japan Record Award at the 51st Japan Record Awards.
Background and composition
In 2009, Kumi released two compilation albums: Out Works & Collaboration Best and Koda Kumi Driving Hit's. Following this, along with the release of a collaborative single with her younger sister, misono, Kumi announced plans of releasing a double album. The double album was to promote both her third greatest hits album, and a new studio album that consisted of unreleased material from recording sessions for her 2008 album, Trick. "It's All Love!" was later served as the studio album's lead single. Kumi announced that she would release a new extended play, marketed as a single, entitled 3 Splashes, which would consist of three recordings: "Lick Me", "Ecstasy" and "Hashire!" with three additional interludes.
3 Splashes opens with the first interlude, "09:00AM", which is an instrumental piece with "groovy" DJ spins and scratches. "Lick Me", the first tracks to include vocals, is an uptempo "cute summer number" with suggestive lyrics. "Ecstasy" is an electronic song with Kumi's "cool husky" vocals being heavily processed with autotune and vocoder effects. According to Adam Greenberg from AllMusic, Ecstasy "share[s] some ideation with Lady Gaga concepts, mixing sultriness with oddity and playing with the instrumentation and voicing along the way." The album's second interlude, "12:35PM", is another instrumental piece with "slow-paced" handclaps, and subtle urban undertones. Hashire! is a "distorted" midtempo dance song with influences of rock and pop music, and the EP is closed with a final instrumental interlude, "12:00AM".
Promotion
3 Splashes was released on July 8, 2009, through Rhythm Zone. There are three official versions: a stand-alone CD version, a CD+DVD version and a CD+DVD version which features an accessory pouch for the physical single. Each version featured a different cover sleeve, all with Kumi standing in front of a grey background: the CD version features Kumi in a black outfit (which she wore in her "Ecstasy" music video), the CD+DVD and digital EP version features Kumi in urban street gear (which she wore in the video for "Hashire!") and the CD+DVD version, which includes a pink-transparent CD holder, features Kher in a 60s-influence dress (which was worn in her "Lick Me" video). The CD+DVD bundle artwork features Kumi holding a basketball. This artwork was also used for the digital release of the EP. All three recorded songs were promoted through advertisement deals in Japan. "Ecstasy" was used for Music.Jp, "Lick Me" was used for the televised commercial of her Fever Live in Hall II concert, and "Hashire!" was used for the NTT communications advert Musico.
All three tracks served as the EP's promotional singles, released on July 8, 2009. "Lick Me" reached #2 on the Japan Hot 100 chart on the weekend of July 20, 2009, which is her highest chart entry to date. "Lick Me" was certified platinum for 250,000 downloads in January 2014. "Ecstasy" and "Hashire!" did not chart in any Japanese music charts, but were marketed as promotional singles by Rhythm Zone. All three songs featured an accompanying music video, which were included on the DVD version of 3 Splashes. An alternate version of the music video for "Lick me♥" was later placed on the DVD for her second pachinko game, Fever Live in Hall II.
All three songs have appeared on several live albums and compilations released by Kumi respectively. "Lick Me" and "Ecstasy" were performed during her Live Tour 2009: Trick, her 2009 Taiwan Live, Live Tour 2010: Universe, 10th Anniversary: Fantasia in Tokyo Dome, and Live Tour 2011: Dejavu. "Hashire!" has only been performed on her Live Tour 2009: Trick. "Lick Me" and "Ecstasy" both appeared on her 2013 digital compilation, Summer Single Collection 2013, while "Lick Me" was included on both Kumi's concept compilations: Happy Love Song Collection (2014) and Summer of Love (2015).
Reception
3 Splashes received favourable reviews from music critics. Chris True from AllMusic highlighted Hashire! as a career stand out track from Kumi's discography. Ian Martin from the same publication reviewed "Lick Me" and "Ecstasy" from the Universe album and was divided. For "Lick Me", he said, "She wears her sexuality on her sleeve, with song titles like "Lick Me" laying their erotic playing cards on the table from the get-go, and her lack of any recognizable singing ability compensated for by an awful lot of gumption." For "Ecstasy", he commended her "hardworking ethic" in many songs, highlighting the song and concluded that, "All of this reveals a desperate need to achieve success no matter what, but also the humanity of the effort underpinning it." Greenberg commended the production of "Ecstasy", and said that "Lick Me" was "slightly off-tempo" that "brings Kumi back to more standard territory." A reviewer from CD Journal complimented the production of each song, and described the EP as "catchy" and "danceable". Hiraga Tetsuo from Hot Express was positive, who commended Kumi's song writing and the "summer" theme throughout the EP.
On the Japanese Oricon Singles Chart, 3 Splashes debuted at #2, Kumi's third consecutive EP to have peaked at this position. The EP lasted twelve weeks in the top 100, selling 93,000 units, and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ) for shipments of 100,000 units; this became her fourth consecutive EP to have shipped over 100,000 units, after Love & Honey (2004), 4 Hot Wave (2006), and Moon (2008). 3 Splash reached number eight on the Taiwanese East Asian chart. "Lick Me" reached #2 on the Billboard Japan Hot 100 chart, and reached #8 and #15 on the Japan Billboard Adult Contemporary and Radio Songs chart, respectively. "Lick Me" was nominated for the Japan Record Award at the 51st Japan Record Awards, but lost to Exile's "Someday".
Track listing
Personnel
Kumi Koda – vocals, backing vocals, song writing, executive producer
Hum – producer, song writing, composer, arranger
Yu – producer, composer, arranger
Hiroto Suzuki – producer, composer, arranger
Shinjiroh Inoue – producer, composer, arranger
Rhythm Zone – record label
Avex Trax – parent label, management
Credits adapted from the EP's liner notes.
Charts
Certifications
Alternate versions
"Ecstasy"
"Ecstasy": Found on the single (2009) and corresponding album UNIVERSE (2010)
"Ecstasy (Caramel Pod E Remix)": Found on the single (2009)
"Ecstasy (Caramel Pod Remix)": Found on Koda Kumi Driving Hit's 2 (2010)
"Lick me♥"
"Lick me♥": Found on the single (2009) and corresponding album Universe (2010)
"Lick me♥ (Yusuke Tanaka Remix)": Found on the single (2009)
"Lick me♥ (Prog5 BIG BASS Remix)": Found on Koda Kumi Driving Hit's 2 (2010)
"Lick me♥ (Floorbreaker remix)": Found on Beach Mix (2012)
Notes
References
External links
3 Splash – Kumi Koda's official website.
2009 EPs
Rhythm Zone albums
Koda Kumi EPs
1966 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 60th water polo championship in Hungary. There were ten teams who played three-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1966 in water polo
1966 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Rotterdam is a city in the Netherlands.
Rotterdam may also refer to:
Geography
Rotterdam (town), New York, a town in New York state
Rotterdam (CDP), New York, a hamlet in New York state
Nomuka, an island in Tonga previously named Rotterdam
Ships
SS Rotterdam (1872)
Two ships built for the Holland America Line:
SS Rotterdam, an ocean liner built in 1959, now a hotel and museum in Rotterdam
MS Rotterdam, a cruise ship built in 1997
HNLMS Rotterdam, two ships of the Dutch navy
Other
Rotterdam (play), 2015 play by Jon Brittain
"Rotterdam (Or Anywhere)", a 1996 hit single by The Beautiful South
"Rotterdam", single by Chuck Ragan 2009
See also
Rotherham, a town in Yorkshire, England
South Florida Folk Festival is an annual music and arts festival in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, United States sponsored by the Broward Folk Club.
External links
South Florida Folk Festival
Folk festivals in the United States
Raffaele Farigu (9 June 1934 – 27 June 2018) was an Italian politician who served as a Deputy from 1987 to 1994.
References
1934 births
2018 deaths
20th-century Italian politicians
Italian Socialist Party politicians
Deputies of Legislature X of Italy
Deputies of Legislature XI of Italy
Members of the Regional Council of Sardinia
People from the Province of Cagliari
In mathematics, a binomial ring is a commutative ring whose additive group is torsion-free and contains all binomial coefficients
for x in the ring and n a positive integer. Binomial rings were introduced by .
showed that binomial rings are essentially the same as λ-rings for which all Adams operations are the identity.
References
Ring theory
"Once Upon a Time in Texas" is the seventh episode of the fourth season of the NBC superhero drama series Heroes and sixty-sixth episode overall. The episode aired on November 2, 2009.
Plot
Hiro Nakamura arrives three years in the past to save the love of his life, Charlie Andrews. Shortly after arriving, Hiro encounters Sylar, who proceeds into the diner. Charlie pours coffee for her would-be assassin, who startles her after Sylar reveals he knows about her aneurysm. Hiro watches from afar, wondering how he can stop Sylar. Meanwhile, in the present, Samuel Sullivan is worried for his dying friend Arnold, who has the ability to manipulate space-time like Hiro, and intends to have Hiro replace him. When Samuel wonders where he could be, Lydia reveals that Hiro had loved Charlie before she died, correctly deducing Hiro must have gone back in time to save her. Samuel asks Arnold one last time to be sent back, and appears by Hiro. Samuel warns Hiro of the implications to history he could cause by saving Charlie. Hiro asserts Charlie is that important to him, and promises to keep everything else in balance.
Noah Bennet is also at the diner, oblivious to what is about to happen, meeting with his partner, Lauren. The two seem to have been together for sometime, with Lauren taking the initiative and offering a key to her motel room. Noah is reluctant, but takes the key, as he is more worried about his daughter Claire Bennet's fate in the upcoming homecoming game. After meeting with Isaac Mendez to see his paintings (the same scene from "Seven Minutes to Midnight"), Lauren comforts Noah, briefly kissing him, before they awkwardly leave. Later, Noah meets with Claire, where they share a nice moment together before she leaves to go cheer with the other cheerleaders. Noah sees Lauren at her motel room, but explains he can't do this, saying he truly loves his family. Lauren understands, but Noah also explains he needs Lauren's help to deal with Sylar and Claire. Later, Noah receives a note from Lauren explaining she had her memory of their meetings wiped by the Haitian.
Hiro successfully stops Sylar from killing Charlie by stopping time, and moves his body into the cargo space of a bus. However, after returning to the diner, Hiro realizes by having Charlie not die, he will never go back in time to save her in the first place, thus never falling in love with her. Hiro meets with his past self, convincing him that Charlie is dead and that he must go back in time to save her to preserve the space–time continuum. He also orders Ando Masahashi to wait in the diner for his eventual return. Finally, Hiro meets with Charlie, and convinces her to come away with him. As they are about to leave, Charlie begins rambling off random facts, and Hiro realizes she must be dying from her aneurysm. Realizing Sylar could save her, Hiro rushes off to find him, though Sylar traps him with his telekinetic powers and demands to know who he is. Hiro thwarts Sylar's attempts to kill him by stopping time, and offers to tell him about his future in exchange for helping Charlie. Sylar grudgingly agrees, and successfully fixes the blood clot in Charlie's brain. Hiro explains to Sylar that he will gather many abilities, and that he will die alone after being stopped by Hiro and others like him. Hiro says he wishes to help him, but says Sylar must continue on his path, teleporting him out of the diner and into an alleyway. Sylar overhears the cheerleaders' chanting, foreshadowing his attempt to kill Claire. Later, Charlie chastises Hiro for saving her, saying he had done it for selfish reasons, and for not stopping Sylar. Hiro talks briefly with Noah in the diner, but is then surprised by Charlie's return. She thanks him for saving her life, and the two makeup with a kiss. She leaves the diner with Hiro following, but when Hiro exits, he finds Charlie gone and Samuel standing outside. Samuel reveals he has taken Charlie, suggesting she is back at his carnival in the present time. Hiro angrily demands to know where she is and Samuel tells him he must retake control of his power and bring them back to the present if he ever wants to see her again. Grabbing Samuel, Hiro manages to teleport them to the Carnival in the present. Samuel shows him Arnold, who has finally died, after his last act of trapping Charlie somewhere in time. Samuel explains he is keeping Charlie as a way to get Hiro to do what he wants; Hiro asks what he must do, to which Samuel says he must correct the wrongs in his life, starting with one event eight weeks ago. In a flashback to that time, Samuel is shown apologizing over the motionless body of Mohinder Suresh.
Cultural references
Hiro uses the catchphrases of two other time-travellers: "Oh boy!" (Dr. Sam Beckett in Quantum Leap), and "Great Scott!" (Dr. Emmett Brown in Back to the Future). He also compares his relationship to Charlie with Crono and Marle from the video game Chrono Trigger.
Reception
"Once Upon a Time in Texas" was watched by 6.2 million viewers, the best figures for Season Four. This was attributed in part to the return to the series of Jayma Mays, now best known for her role as Emma Pillsbury on the Fox show Glee.
Critics gave the episode mixed reviews, with many comparing the state of the series now rather unfavourably to how it was regarded in 2006, where this episode is set. Entertainment Weekly called it the "least bad episode of the season so far", welcoming the chance to see Sylar once again as the "grinning malevolent villain" of Season One, but criticising the Noah Bennett office romance subplot as unnecessary. The HD Room praised the writing of Samuel - "one of the show's more interesting characters" - and called it a "solid episode" that "should please fans of the show." IGN called it "a decently told tale... of course, a little more action would have been nice." The ending of the episode, which featured the first glimpse of Mohinder Suresh this season, attracted much comment, with more than one reviewer quipping that Samuel should not necessarily regard killing Mohinder as a mistake. EW said that a plot revolving around saving Mohinder's life would be "officially the worst idea Heroes has ever had."
Despite the mixed reception, the episode was tied with "Tabula Rasa" in first place on TV.com, both episodes sharing an 8.8 over 10.
Emily VanDerWerff of The A.V. Club rated this episode a C−.
References
External links
Heroes (season 4) episodes
2009 American television episodes
St Illtyd's Catholic High School is a coeducational secondary school in Rumney, a district in the east side of the Welsh capital Cardiff. Its catchment area includes the eastern districts of Cardiff and is heavily oversubscribed. The school's namesake is Illtud, a 5th-century Welsh abbot and teacher.
History
St Illtyd's College
St Illtyd's College was founded by the De La Salle Brothers in 1924 to educate boys from the local Catholic community and most pupils were of Irish Catholic descent. The early years of the school were difficult due to minimal funding. Troubles in the local coal industry and the Great Depression meant that many parents could not afford to pay the bare minimum school fees while wealthier Catholics chose to send their children to public schools. During the era of the tripartite system, the College became a voluntary aided grammar school and maintained that status until the system was abolished. It was the last remaining boys' aided grammar school in Wales. Originally located in Splott, it moved out of its cramped school grounds to a new campus overlooking the Bristol Channel in the 1960s. The Lasallian heritage is acknowledged by the five-pointed star and the motto "Signum Fidei" (Latin for "Sign of Faith"), the motto of the De La Salle Brothers, featured in the school crest.
Heathfield House School
Founded by the Sisters of Providence of the Institute of Charity (more commonly known as the Rosminian Sisters of Providence) in 1867, Heathfield House School was the oldest Catholic secondary school in Wales. It was called St Joseph's Grammar School at that time and located at David Street, Cardiff. In 1877 it moved to a building called Heathfield House, which subsequently gave the school its name. In 1953 it became a voluntary aided grammar school. It turned comprehensive in 1968 before becoming a sixth form college nine years later.
Merger
In 1987 St Illtyd's and Heathfield House merged to form the present coeducational school. The sixth form college was abolished as St David's Catholic College was opened instead.
Former pupils
St Illtyd's Catholic High School
Dan Fish, rugby union player
St Illtyd's Boys' College
Dannie Abse, poet
Paul Flynn, MP from 1987-2019 of Newport West
Peter Gill, playwright
John James, poet
Walter Marshall, Baron Marshall of Goring, Chairman from 1982-89 of the Central Electricity Generating Board (CEGB)
Anthony Reynolds, musician and writer
John Stewart, diplomat and politician
Heathfield House School
Deirdre Hine, physician
References
External links
School Website
Estyn Inspection Reports
Cardiff
Secondary schools in Cardiff
Catholic secondary schools in the Archdiocese of Cardiff
Educational institutions established in 1924
1924 establishments in Wales
The Stalexport skyscrapers are twin skyscrapers (Tower A and Tower B) located in Katowice, Silesia, Poland. The buildings share a three-story base. They were designed by Yugoslavian architect Georg Gruićić in the late 1970s and finished in 1981 and 1982, respectively.
When built, they were the tallest buildings in Poland, outside the capital, Warsaw. They were designed to accommodate 1800 people. The towers were originally used by the Centre for Foreign Trade.
The total floor area is 27,183 m². They now contain over 700 offices.
Technical data
Height: A: 97 m, B: 92 m
Floors: A: 21, B: 19
Construction finished: A: 1981, B: 1982
References
External links
The buildings's official website
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Katowice
Skyscrapers in Katowice
Buildings and structures completed in 1981
Office buildings completed in 1982
1981 establishments in Poland
Skyscraper office buildings in Poland
The Special Task Force "Omega" () is a Georgian élite Special Forces unit, one of the first such formations in the country, created in 1992.
History
The Omega unit was formed 1992 under the supervision of Georgia's Information-Analytical and Reconnaissance Bureau, a successor to the Georgian branch of the former Soviet KGB (Committee for State Security), chaired by Irakli Batiashvili. The unit was specialized primarily in counter-terrorism and covert operations, also oriented to counter organized crime and illicit trade. Its operatives cooperated with and were trained by Western intelligence services, which also provided the group's special armaments. The Omega force was subordinated to the Georgian Ministry of State Security and was responsible for several successful special operations.
After the major reshuffle in Georgia's military leadership following the Georgian civil war and the government's temporary reorientation to Russia, the Omega group fell in disfavor, especially under the Security Minister Igor Giorgadze, who gave preference to the Russian-trained special forces unit Alpha. However the Alpha leadership was perceived to have been disloyal to the government. In September 1995, several of the Alpha officers were accused of having been involved in the August 29, 1995 assassination attempt of Eduard Shevardnadze, Georgia's head of state. Its commander, Nikoloz Kvezereli, was arrested and charged with organization of the attack on Shevardnadze. The court, however, did not find him guilty and sentenced him to seven years' imprisonment for the alleged abuse of office. Later, several other Alpha officers were also arrested, and some of them were found dead in suspicious circumstances. Kvezereli was later pardoned and released. He was a member of the Parliament of Georgia from 1999 to 2008. In 1996 the Omega unit received fresh cadres with only a handful veteran members remaining. The members of the unit were later transferred to a newly created anti terror force which by that time had no official designation. Afterwards as a result of major reforms in 2005, the Counterterrorist Center, now part of the State Security Service was officially established. The operators of this new unit had undergone retraining, seminars and joint operations with foreign agencies and special services from various NATO countries and other organisations such as the UN and OSCE. General Zaza Gogava, a former Chief of Joint Staff of the Georgian Armed Forces from 2006 to 2008, also served in the Omega group.
See also
State Security Service of Georgia
Comparable units
- Special Air Service
- Sayeret Matkal
- GSG-9
References
Special forces of Georgia (country)
Military units and formations established in 1993
St Helen's Church, an Anglican church in the Hangleton area of Hove, is the oldest surviving building in the English city of Brighton and Hove. It is the ancient parish church of Hangleton, an isolated South Downs village that was abandoned by the Middle Ages and was open farmland until the Interwar Period, when extensive residential development took place.
History
Hangleton existed at the time of the Domesday Book of 1086, although the church was not mentioned; its first known reference is in 1093 when William de Warenne, 2nd Earl of Surrey put it under the control of Lewes Priory. The church stood between the manor house and the cottages and houses of the village to the northeast, and was a rectangular building long and , with flint walls thick. Rebuilding began in the 12th century. The nave dates from that century, while the square tower was added in the 13th century and the church was re-roofed at that time (having originally been thatched). The 12th-century chancel was rebuilt in around 1300.
Hangleton village began to decline in the 14th century. The whole parish, which covered a much wider area than the village itself, had a population of 80 by around 1850. In 1864 it was formally united with the parish of Portslade, having already been administered by Portslade's vicar for the previous 100 years. The condition of the church building worsened, but it never became an unusable ruin and never experienced a period without services—although for a time these were as infrequent as once a year. The churchyard was still used for burials as well.
Unlike many other mediaeval churches in the Brighton and Hove area, which were heavily restored and altered in the 19th century, St Helen's was largely overlooked because of its isolation in a bleak, distant spot high on the South Downs above Hove. In 1870, George Cokayne, later a Clarenceux King of Arms, funded a minor restoration of the church. This may have saved the building from ruin, but also preserved its ancient character.
Scenes for the 1909 film The Boy and the Convict, directed by Dave Aylott for Williamson Kinematograph Company, were filmed in the churchyard, which includes the grave of Samuel Augustus Barnett (1844-1913).
The parish was incorporated into the then Borough of Hove in 1927. The Borough started to use the expanse of open land for housing development soon afterwards. This spread northwestwards from Hove in the mid-1930s and continued until the 1950s, by which time the whole area around the church had been built up. Another partial restoration took place in 1929, followed by a more thorough rebuilding in 1949. This added a porch and a vestry, a new roof (at a cost of £2,500) and some battlements and a pyramidal roof on the tower. Work continued until 1951, at which time the parish was split from Portslade. The new Parish of Hangleton's first priest took over in 1955.
Following the 1949 alterations, St Helen's was reopened for regular use, and was granted Grade II* listed status on 24 March 1950.
Architecture
The church is built of flint—a stone used for many churches in the Downs in Sussex. The doors, windows and quoins are faced with Caen stone, which was used frequently in Norman buildings. The flints in the south wall are laid in a herringbone (opus spicatum) pattern, a style favoured during the Saxon period; the church has been identified by some sources as one of the best surviving examples of herringboning from that era. The roof is now tiled in clay. The basic structural layout—chancel, nave of three bays and west tower—has not changed since the 13th century, although the original chancel arch was removed in the 14th century and the porch and vestry on the northern side are 20th-century additions.
There are lancet windows of various sizes in all four faces of the church. The west front has two, there is a large three-pointed window in the east face, and several tiny windows are placed at irregular intervals in the south and north walls. In particular, there is a low window into the chancel whose function has been much speculated on. One theory is that it was used by mediaeval lepers who would stand outside and listen to services through the window rather than enter the church itself. It may also have served as a type of confessional, allowing a priest to sit inside the church and the penitent to stay outside.
During the restorations of 1949, ancient wall paintings were discovered on the north wall of the church, along with some scrollwork on one of the windows. The scrollwork was found to date from the early 13th century, while the wall paintings were 14th- and 15th-century in origin. Some restoration of this work was carried out in 1969, at which time some blocked-up windows in the nave were rediscovered.
In one corner of the chancel, there is a memorial monument which has been identified as representing the Bellingham family, who lived in the area in the 16th and 17th century. Richard and Mary Bellingham, nine children and five coffins representing children who died soon after birth are depicted. Elsewhere, an early-20th-century stone pietà commemorates a local brewer and pottery collector, and a carved wooden screen and reredos in the chancel was also donated as a memorial. The pulpit, however, was taken from St Leonard's Church, Aldrington.
Burials
Clergyman and social reformer Samuel Augustus Barnett, founder of Toynbee Hall in London, and his wife Henrietta, who conceived and helped to create Hampstead Garden Suburb, are buried in the churchyard to the north of the church.
Edward Vaughan Hyde Kenealy QC, who lived in Portslade from the 1850s until 1874, was a barrister who unsuccessfully defended Sir Roger Tichborne in the Tichborne Case, a famous 19th-century trial: it was the longest in British legal history at the time, partly because of Kenealy's erratic, inappropriate behaviour. He was disbarred soon afterwards, but became Member of Parliament for Stoke-on-Trent until shortly before his death in 1880. He is buried in a grave by the south door of the church, marked by an ostentatious black marble tombstone with gold mosaic work.
Henry Willett (1823–1905), a wealthy Brighton brewer, and noted collector of ceramics, paintings and fossils was buried here. He was one of the founders of Brighton Museum.
Inside the church there are tombstones (inlaid into the floor of the aisles).
The church today
St Helen's Church was listed at Grade II* on 24 March 1950. As of February 2001, it was one of 70 Grade II*-listed buildings and structures, and 1,218 listed buildings of all grades, in the city of Brighton and Hove.
See also
List of places of worship in Brighton and Hove
References
Notes
Bibliography
11th-century church buildings in England
12th-century church buildings in England
Towers completed in the 13th century
Church of England church buildings in Brighton and Hove
English churches with Norman architecture
Grade II* listed buildings in Brighton and Hove
Grade II* listed churches in East Sussex
Amos Lee Parker (December 12, 1936 – August 19, 2013) was an American aikido teacher. He was ranked 9th dan in Yoshinkan Aikido.
Parker was born the 7th of 16 children in Houston, Texas. At age 18, he joined the United States Navy.
He first came into contact with aikido in 1958 while a member of the US Navy on board the USS Bradford (DD-545). Another member of the crew, Signalman Hill, was demonstrating techniques and Amos was shocked at how easily Hill was able control him and others.
In 1962, Amos Parker received his orders to Japan and was deployed to the Yokosuka Naval Base. The Monday after his arrival he found an aikido dojo on base that was under the direction of Yukio Noguchi, 8th dan Yoshinkan Aikido. His training with Noguchi only lasted a couple of months as the latter accepted an invitation to teach aikido in Hawaii. Aikido classes were taken over by Kiyoyuki Terada, 10th dan. Amos Parker would spend the next 30+ years training and teaching in Japan.
Amos Parker received his Shihan in 1986, making him the first non-Japanese instructor to receive such an honor. In 1995, he received the rank of hachidan (8th dan) and in January 2010 he was awarded the rank of 9th dan by the Aikido Yoshinkai Foundation making him the highest ranking non-Japanese Yoshinkan Aikido instructor in the world. Amos Parker is senior to many of the Japanese shihan and served as a presiding judge at several yearly enbutaikai's (demonstrations)
Amos Parker resided in his hometown of Houston, Texas. He traveled several times during the year to teach clinics in London, Ontario, Indianapolis, IN, Detroit, MI and Sacramento, CA. He has also been invited to other schools in California, Minnesota, Texas, Canada, Brazil, England and The Kingdom of Bahrain. In 2005, along with members of the Seikeikan USA, he participated in a special demonstration in Oakland, CA for some 200+ kids at the East Oakland YMCA.
US Naval Career
Amos Parker's US Naval career began in 1956 at the age of 20. He served honorably until his retirement in 1976. Throughout his Naval career he spent the majority of his time within the US 7th Fleet in the Pacific, including supporting the Vietnam War. Below are the main highlights of his time in the US Navy.
1956: Enlists in the US Navy. Reports for basic training and the Naval Training Center (NTC) in San Diego, California. Upon graduating from basic training, Amos was assigned to the Port Loma Naval Base supporting Naval operations.
1958-1960: Reports to the Naval Training Center in San Diego for communications training. Here he learns domestic and international morse code, radio procedures, etc. Upon completion of his training, he is assigned to the USS Bradford as a communication/radiomen.
1960-1962: In 1960, Amos was ordered to NTC, Bainbridge, Maryland where he underwent Radio B technical training. This was a 9 month training course. After his Radio B training, he was ordered to Naval Submarine School in Connecticut, cira 1961. Here he also attended the Advanced Antenna School which lasted 3 months. He was then ordered to Hawaii where he served as Radiomen aboard the submarine, USS Swordfish. During his time aboard the Swordfish, they were ordered to the Mare Island Naval Shipyard in Vallejo, California where the Swordfish underwent maintenance to replace her nuclear reactors. During this time, Amos provided fire control support as well as other duties.
1962-1970: In 1962, Amos was received orders to Yokosuka, Japan where served as a member of the Naval Beach Group One Westpac Detachment. In 1965, Amos was ordered to serve aboard the USS Winston in communications and later order to Quam to serve aboard the USS Proteus in the same capacity. In 1968 he was ordered to Saigon in support of the Vietnam war. During this time he also deployed to the Philippines. As part of his assignment, he was assigned in support of the Beachmasters and Seabees setting up communications for beach to beach and beach to ships, placing him and unit in direct line of enemy fire during the Vietnam war.
1970-1976: In 1970, Amos began his second and final tour in Yokoksua, Japan with the Naval Communication Station where he, among other things, supported military and non-military communications. Upon his retirement, he remained in Japan until his return home circa 1995. Amos' last trip to Japan was in 1998 in support of IYAF.
Videos
All Japan Enbu Taikai 1991- Shihonage
Sources
External links
Parker Sensei Bio
Yoshinkai Aikido Foundation, Inc
International Yoshinkai Aikido Federation
Aikido Yoshinkan Seiseikai, Terada honbu
Aikido Yoshinkan Yoseikai
Aikido Yoshinkan Sacramento, Seikeikan USA
Aikido London
American aikidoka
2013 deaths
1936 births
George Ferris Whidborne Mortimer (22 July 1805 – 7 September 1871) was an English schoolmaster and divine.
Biography
Mortimer was born on 22 July 1805 at Bishopsteignton in Devonshire, was the eldest son of William Mortimer, a country gentleman of that place. His family was connected to other Mortimers in the Teign valley. He was educated at the Exeter grammar school and at Balliol College, Oxford, where he matriculated 18 March 1823, and obtained an exhibition. Thence he migrated to Queen's, where he secured a Michel exhibition, and was placed in the first class of the final classical school at Michaelmas 1826 with the future archdeacon of Taunton, George Anthony Denison, and another. After graduating B.A. in 1826 he engaged actively in tuition. He proceeded M.A. in 1829, and D.D. in 1841, having been ordained on 24 February 1829. He was successively head-master of the Royal Grammar School, Newcastle (from 1828) and of the Western proprietary school at Brompton, London (from 1833). In 1840 he was appointed, in succession to John Allen Giles, to the scene of his longest and most important labours, the headship of the City of London School. The school had been opened in 1837, but its prosperity had been injured by the action of the first head-master. Mortimer's administrative ability and genial manner rendered the success of the school certain. He treated with conspicuous honesty and fairness the large proportion of boys, not members of the church of England, who from various causes were found there. In 1861 he had the unique distinction of seeing two of his scholars respectively senior wrangler and senior classic at Cambridge. Charles Kingsley read privately with him for ordination. Mortimer received in 1864 the honorary prebend of Consumpta per mare in St. Paul's, and for many years was evening lecturer at St. Matthew's, Friday Street. At Michaelmas 1865 he resigned his head-mastership, and for the next few years interested himself actively in the Society of Schoolmasters and other educational institutions. He died 7 Sept. 1871, at Rose Hill, Hampton Wick, and was buried in Hampton churchyard. He married in 1830 Jane, daughter of Alexander Gordon of Bishopsteignton; and by this lady, who survived him, he left a numerous family.
Besides two sermons, Mortimer published while at Newcastle a pamphlet entitled "The Immediate Abolition of Slavery compatible with the Safety and Prosperity of the Colonies".
References
2. The Mortimers of Devonshire - Mortimer History. https://mortimerhistory.com/mortimer-family-tree/devon
Attribution
1805 births
1871 deaths
19th-century English people
Schoolteachers from Devon
People educated at Exeter School
Alumni of Balliol College, Oxford
People from Teignbridge (district)
The Indian judiciary has made judgments related to reservations, a system of affirmative action that provides for disadvantaged groups. These groups are primarily Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes (SCs and STs), and from 1987 extended to Other Backward Classes (OBCs). Some of the court judgements have been modified by the Indian parliament.
Many of these cases are challenges under constitutional law and have led to constitutional amendments and challenges to the legality of such amendments. The frequency of decisions being overturned or invalidated reflect the ongoing efforts by lawmakers and the judiciary to strive towards equality.
Some major judgments are listed below. Supreme Court cases are noted by the case citation "SC" or "SCC". All entries must be cited to reliable sources.
Footnotes
Notes
References
Further reading
Articles 12, 14, 15, 16, 19, 335 of the Constitution of India
State of Madras v. Smt. Champakam Dorairanjan AIR 1951 SC 226
General Manager, S. Rly v. Rangachari AIR 1962 SC 36
M R Balaji v. State of Mysore AIR 1963 SC 649
T. Devadasan v. Union AIR 1964 SC 179.
C. A. Rajendran v. Union of India AIR 1965 SC 507
Chamaraja v. Mysore AIR 1967 Mys 21
Barium Chemicals Ltd. v. Company Law Board AIR 1967 SC 295
P. Rajendran v. State of Madras AIR 1968 SC 1012
Triloki Nath v. The state of Jammu and Kashmir AIR 1969 SC 1
State of Punjab v. Hira Lal 1970(3) SCC 567
State of A.P. v. U.S.V. Balram AIR 1972 SC 1375
Kesavananda Bharati v. State of Kerala AIR 1973 SC 1461
State of Kerala v. N. M. Thomas AIR 1976 SC 490 : (1976) 2 SCC 310
Jayasree v. State of Kerala AIR 1976 SC 2381
Minerva Mills Ltd v. Union (1980) 3 SCC 625: AIR 1980 SC 1789
Ajay Hasia v. Khalid Mujib AIR 1981 SC 487
Akhil Bharatiya Soshit Karamchari Sangh v. Union (1981) 1 SCC 246
K. C. Vasant Kumar v. Karnataka AIR 1985 SC 1495
Comptroller & Auditor-General of India, Gian Prakash v. K. S. Jaggannathan (1986) 2 SCC 679
Syndicate Bank SC & ST Employees Association (Through its General Secretary Sh K S Badalia) & Others v. Union of India & Others {1990 SCR(3) 713; 1990 SCC Supl. 350}:
Hindustan Zinc Ltd. v. A. P. State Electricity Board (1991) 3SCC 299
Indra Sawhney & Others v. Union of India AIR 1993 SC 477: 1992 Supp (3) SCC 217
Unni Krishnan v. State of A.P. and Others (1993 (1) SCC 645)
R K Sabharwal v. State of Punjab AIR 1995 SC 1371 : (1995) 2 SCC 745
Union of India v. Varpal Singh AIR 1996 SC 448
Ajitsingh Januja & Others v. State of Punjab AIR 1996 SC 1189
Ashok Kumar Gupta: Vidyasagar Gupta v. State of Uttar Pradesh 1997 (5) SCC 201
Jagdish Lal and others v. State of Haryana and Others (1997) 6 SCC 538
Chander Pal & Others v. State of Haryana (1997) 10 SCC 474
Post-Graduate Institute of Medical Education and Research, Chandigarh v. Faculty Association 1998 AIR(SC) 1767 : 1998 (4) SCC 1
Ajitsingh Januja & Others v. State of Punjab & Others AIR 1999 SC 3471
Indra Sawhney & Others v. Union of India AIR 2000 SC 498
M G Badappanvar v. State of Karnataka 2001(2) SCC 666: AIR 2001 SC 260
T.M.A. Pai Foundation v. State of Karnataka (2002) 8 SCC 481
NTR University of Health Science Vijaywada v. G Babu Rajendra Prasad (2003) 5 SCC 350
Islamic Academy of Education & Anr. v. State of Karnataka & Others (2003) 6 SCC 697
Saurabh Chaudri & Others. v. Union of India & Others (2003) 11 SCC 146
P.A. Inamdar v. State of Maharashtra 2005 AIR(SC) 3226
I.R. Coelho (Dead) by LRS. v. State of 2007 (2) SCC 1: 2007 AIR(SC) 861
M. Nagraj & Others v. Union of India and Others AIR 2007 SC 71
Ashok Kumara Thakur v. Union of India 2008
K. Manorama v. Union of India (2010) 10 SCC 323
Suraj Bhan Meena v. State of Rajasthan (2011) 1 SCC 467
Reservation in India
India law-related lists
William Henry Scotton (15 January 1856 – 9 July 1893) was a cricketer who played for Nottinghamshire County Cricket Club and England. Scotton played his first match at Lord's for Sixteen Colts of England against the Marylebone Cricket Club on 11 and 12 May 1874, scoring on that occasion 19 and 0. He was engaged as a groundman by the MCC in that year and in 1875, and after an engagement at Kennington Oval returned to the service of the MCC, of whose ground staff he was a member at the time of his death. His powers were rather slow to ripen, and he had been playing for several years before he obtained anything like a first-rate position. At one period of his career, however, and more particularly during the seasons of 1884 and 1886, he was among the best professional left-handed batsman in England.
The 1884 and 1885 seasons
In 1884 he scored 567 runs for Nottinghamshire in thirteen matches, with an average of 31.9; in 1885, 442 runs in fourteen engagements, with an average of 22.2; and in 1886, in county fixtures only, 559 runs, with an average of 29.8. This included a knock of 90 for England against Australia at Kennington Oval in August 1884. The match, resulted in a draw, Australia scoring 551 and England 346 and 85 for two wickets. In England's first innings Scotton went in first, and was the ninth man out, the total when he left being 332. During a stay of five hours and three quarters he played the bowling of Fred Spofforth, Palmer, Boyle, Billy Midwinter, and George Giffen without giving a chance, Had he fallen it would have been quite likely that England would have been beaten. Up to a certain time he received very little assistance, but when Walter Read joined him, 151 runs were put on for the ninth wicket.
The 1886 Oval Test
Against the Australian team of 1886 Scotton played two successful innings in company with WG Grace, the two batsmen scoring 170 together for the first wicket for England at the Oval. Scotton's score at the Oval was only 34 in 225. When Scotton was out, Walter Read came in and made 94 in 210 minutes. Scotton's slow scoring, particularly when compared with Grace and Read prompted London magazine Punch to print the following parody on Alfred, Lord Tennyson:
Block, block, block
At the foot of thy wicket, O Scotton!
And I would that my tongue would utter
My boredom. You won't put the pot on!
Oh, nice for the bowler, my boy,
That each ball like a barndoor you play!
Oh, nice for yourself, I suppose,
That you stick at the wicket all day!
And the clock's slow hands go on,
And you still keep up your sticks;
But oh! for the lift of a smiting hand,
And the sound of a swipe for six!
Block, block, block,
At the foot of thy wicket, ah do!
But one hour of Grace or Walter Read
Were worth a week of you!
Scotton paid three visits to Australia, going out with Alfred Shaw's and Arthur Shrewsbury's teams in 1881, 1884 and 1886. In the three tours he averaged respectively in the eleven a-side matches, 20.8, 17.3, and 10.13. Scotton last played first-class cricket in 1891. He then played minor cricket and umpired. Scotton committed suicide on 9 July 1893 by slitting his throat with a razor.
References
External links
1856 births
1893 deaths
England Test cricketers
English cricketers
Nottinghamshire cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
All-England Eleven cricketers
Players cricketers
North v South cricketers
Suicides in Westminster
Cricketers from Nottingham
Players of the North cricketers
Lord Hawke's XI cricketers
London United Eleven cricketers
Lord Londesborough's XI cricketers
1890s suicides
Suicides by sharp instrument in England
The Trough, formerly known as Taste of Crime, is a 2018 Hong Kong neo-noir crime thriller film written and directed by Nick Cheung, who also stars alongside Xu Jinglei, He Jiong and Yu Nan.
Plot
Undercover police officer Yu Chau (Nick Cheung) has successfully apprehended many criminals in the city of full of evil. Because a child abduction case, Yu's identity is starting to be brought to light, attracting the hunt from criminal groups. In order to adhere to justice within his heart, Yu does not hesitate to risk his life to start a life and death battle of wits against the leader of the mysterious criminal group.
Cast
Nick Cheung as Yu Chau (于秋)
Xu Jinglei as The Boss (宫田惠美子)
Keira Wang plays The Boss as a child.
He Jiong as Jim
Yu Nan as Jackie (special appearance)
Michael Miu as Ching Wan (程昀; special appearance)
Yuen Wah as Chun Wah (春華; special appearance)
Maggie Cheung Ho-yee as Diane Cheung (張書文; special appearance)
Lam Suet as Nine Lame Fingers (九指跛)
Louis Cheung as Jeejah
Li Haitao as Zhong (阿仲忠)
Zaha Fathima as The girl
Chris Collins as Frankie
Paul Chun as Chief Lee (李局長; guest appearance)
Ni Dahong as Mr. Ren (任先生; guest appearance)
Philip Ng as Leader of the security guards (guest appearance)
Production
Production for The Trough began in January 2017. Filming took place in Shanghai, Japan and Thailand before wrapping up on 9 May 2017 in Shanghai.
Release
The film's first teaser trailer was released on 11 March 2017 which was also presented at the 2017 Hong Kong FILMART. The film was theatrically released in Hong Kong on 3 May 2018.
Box office
The Trough was a box-office bomb, grossing only US$6,061,514 worldwide against a budget of US$22 million.
In Hong Kong, the film grossed a total of HK$4,716,276 during its theatrical run from 3 May to 6 June 2018.
In China, the film grossed a total of CN¥34,909,000 at the box office.
References
External links
Taste of Crime - One Cool Film
低壓槽 The Trough on Facebook
2018 films
2018 crime thriller films
Hong Kong crime thriller films
Hong Kong neo-noir films
Chinese detective films
Hong Kong detective films
Police detective films
Dystopian films
Films set in Japan
Films set in Thailand
Films set in Namibia
Films shot in Shanghai
Films shot in Japan
Films shot in Thailand
Films directed by Nick Cheung
2010s Hong Kong films
Bill Gaylord (born 4 April 1967 in Lakenheath, Suffolk) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics and in the 1994 Winter Olympics.
References
1967 births
Living people
British male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Suffolk
The Renaixença (; also written Renaixensa before spelling standardisation), or Catalan Renaissance, was a romantic revivalist movement in Catalan language and culture through the mid 19th century, akin to the Galician Rexurdimento or the Occitan Félibrige movements. The movement began in the 1830s and lasted until the 1880s, when it branched out into other cultural movements. Even though it primarily followed a romantic impulse, it incorporated stylistic and philosophical elements of other 19th century movements such as Naturalism or Symbolism. The name does not indicate a particular style, but rather the cultural circumstances in which it bloomed.
Overview
Along with the later modernisme, this movement ended a period of Catalan cultural decline commonly known as Decadència, that dated back at least to defeat in the War of the Spanish Succession (1701–1714) and the subsequent Nueva Planta decrees, which suppressed Catalonia's traditional institutions, privileges, and fueros beginning January 16, 1716. Thus, the aim of this movement was the full restoration of Catalan as a language of culture, not only through the promotion of various forms of art, theatre and literature in this language, but also attempting to establish a normative standard for the language, something however not fully accomplished until the first quarter of the 20th century.
As with most of the other Romantic movements, it was noted for its admiration of the Middle Ages, which was often reflected in art, and in Barcelona, the literary contest known as Jocs Florals or Jocs de la Gaia Ciència was revived.
The Renaixença occurred not only in Catalonia proper, but also in other Catalan-speaking regions such as the Balearic Islands.
A journal particularly associated with the movement was the magazine La Renaixença, from which the name was taken- originally spelt Renaixensa before the Fabrian spelling reform.
Absolutism will have the last of its episodes during the reign of Elizabeth II. Conflicts continue throughout the nineteenth century. The three Carlist wars, the events of 1835 with the first massive burning of convents and the Barcelona insurrection against Espartero in 1843 are the most tragic episodes. It was the prelude to Catalan nationalism that became visible at the end of the 19th century.
Notable individuals related to Renaixença
Bonaventura Carles Aribau, writer. His poem Oda a la pàtria is usually acknowledged to have kick-started the movement.
Manuel Milà i Fontanals, linguist, philologist and troubadour literature scholar, of great influence and one of the main initiators of the Renaixença.
Joan Maragall, poet, translator from Greek and German, journalist and essayist.
Jacint Verdarguer, poet, penned L'Atlàntida and the Catalan national epic, Canigó.
Àngel Guimerà, playwright.
Narcís Oller, novelist influenced by Émile Zola's naturalism, chronicled the Industrial Revolution, society and changing mindsets in his novels.
Frederic Soler, known as Pitarra, playwright using colloquial Catalan.
Joaquim Rubió i Ors, poet, known variously as Lo Gayté del Llobregat, El Gaiter del Llobregat, among others
Víctor Català (real name Caterina Albert i Paradís), symbolist writer.
Martí Genís i Aguilar, writer.
Antoni Puig i Blanch, poet.
Francesc Camprodon, poet.
Víctor Balaguer, writer. Used the pseudonym Lo trovador de Montserrat.
Antoni Gaudi, architect. Greatest exponent of Catalan Modernism.
Maria Antònia Salvà i Ripoll, poet.
Notes
Further reading
Joan Badia i d'altres, Llengua Catalana Cou, Ed.Teide, Barcelona, 1988,
Enciclopèdia catalana de l'estudiant Llengua i literatura catalanes núm. 5
External links
Renaixença, from the Nou diccionari 62 de la literatura catalana (2000). Page also contains extensive links to other reference-quality material. In Catalan.
Renaixença, civisme i nacionalisme on the site of the Museu d'Història de Catalunya. In Catalan.
La Renaixença
19th century in Catalonia
Catalan culture
Catalan-language literature
Catalan symbols
Catalan words and phrases
Romanticism
ca:Renaixença#Renaixença a Catalunya
Daniel John King (born 28 August 1963) is an English chess grandmaster, writer, coach, journalist and broadcaster.
Chess career
King achieved the International Master title in 1982 and the Grandmaster title in 1989. He won minor tournaments around the world and recorded promising results at some prestigious events, for example 4th= at Bern 1987, 4th= British Championship 1987, 1st= (with Boris Gelfand) at the Sydney Open 1988, 5th= London 1988, 2nd= Dortmund 1988 and 2nd (after Bent Larsen) London 1989. At the Geneva Young Masters in 1990, he shared first place with the Australian Ian Rogers.
King later pursued a media career as presenter, commentator, reporter and analyst, and this likely affected his playing career by limiting the opportunity for dedicated research and study. Nevertheless, he has played professionally for more than 20 years at a high level, including the top leagues of the Bundesliga and 4NCL. In 1996, he won the Bunratty Masters, an Irish tournament with an impressive list of previous winners, including John Nunn, Sergei Tiviakov and Peter Svidler.
King represented England at the European Team Chess Championship (Haifa 1989) and at the Reykjavik Visa Chess Summit of 1990, the latter being the scene of a victory over the strong Soviet team and a team silver medal.
King is usually known as 'Dan' or 'Danny'. He has coached some of the UK's brightest chess prospects and has written more than 15 chess books on topics ranging from the preparatory Winning with the Najdorf to the self-tutoring How Good is your Chess and Test Your Chess.
Media interests
He became well known nationally for his coverage of the World Chess Championship 1993, live from the Savoy in London, on Channel 4 television. The programme, hosted by Carol Vorderman, contained expert commentary and analysis from King, Ray Keene, Jon Speelman and Fritz, the chess-playing computer program. The show was popular, showing King to be a likeable, media-friendly personality. It was reported that he had become the choice of 'thinking women' across the UK, as they watched in large numbers, whether chess-literate or not. Television work continued to come his way and he contributed to three further world championships broadcast by the BBC, ESPN, Eurosport, STAR TV (Asia) and other networks. He covered the controversial Kasparov versus Deep Blue match in 1997 and, for four months in 1999, provided daily MSN commentary on the high-profile Kasparov versus The World game. In October 2002, he was a key member of the elite analytical team engaged in the prominent 'man versus machine' contest, Brains in Bahrain.
King was a games consultant for the Cilla Black (ITV) show Moment of Truth. He scripted and presented two half-hour chess documentaries on radio and has, over many years, produced instructional chess videos and DVDs for GM Video and ChessBase, among others. In the mid-1990s he appeared in the UK advertising campaign for Audi/Volkswagen cars.
King writes regular columns in CHESS magazine ("How Good Is Your Chess?") and Schach 64, the leading journals of the UK and Germany (he speaks German fluently). From 2006 to 2012, he co-hosted a regular Monday chess column with Ronan Bennett in The Guardian, which sought to be instructive, rather than topical. Through test positions taken from actual games, their amateur and expert assessments of the possible continuations were discussed and compared. Nigel Short's column was axed to make way for the style-shift, and this change was debated in chess circles. Since 2010, King has served as a main commentator/presenter at ChessBase and has hosted the commentary at the London Chess Classic tournament. He runs the PowerPlayChess Youtube Channel which is regularly updated with new chess-related content including chess puzzles and analysis of high-level games. In 2016, chess historian Edward Winter ranked him as one of the top six English-language internet chess commentators on major matches and tournaments. He lives in Teddington, in the London Borough of Richmond upon the Thames.
Personal life
King is the elder brother of journalist and presenter Emily Maitlis.
Selected bibliography
Notes
References
External links
Ronan Bennett and Daniel King on chess at The Guardian
1963 births
Living people
English chess players
Chess grandmasters
Chess coaches
British chess writers
An applicant tracking system (ATS) is a software application that enables the electronic handling of recruitment and hiring needs. An ATS can be implemented or accessed online at enterprise- or small-business levels, depending on the needs of the organization; free and open-source ATS software is also available. An ATS is very similar to customer relationship management (CRM) systems, but are designed for recruitment tracking purposes. In many cases they filter applications automatically based on given criteria such as keywords, skills, former employers, years of experience and schools attended. This has caused many to adapt resume optimization techniques similar to those used in search engine optimization when creating and formatting their résumé.
Principle
A dedicated ATS is not uncommon for recruitment-specific needs. On the enterprise level it may be offered as a module or functional addition to a human resources suite or human resource information system (HRIS). The ATS is expanding into small and medium enterprises through open-source or software as a service offering (SaaS).
The principal function of an ATS is to provide a central location and database for a company's recruitment efforts. ATSs are built to better assist management of resumes and applicant information. Data is either collected from internal applications via the ATS front-end, located on the company website or is extracted from applicants on job boards. Most job and resume boards (Reed Online, LinkedIn.com, Monster.com, Hotjobs, CareerBuilder, Indeed.com) have partnerships with ATS software providers to provide parsing support and easy data migration from one system to another. Newer applicant tracking systems (often the epithet is next-generation) are platforms as a service, where the main piece of software has integration points that allow providers of other recruiting technology to plug in seamlessly. The ability of these next-generation ATS solutions allows jobs to be posted where the candidate is and not just on-job boards. This ability is being referred to as omnichannel talent acquisition.
Recent changes include use of artificial intelligence (AI) tools and natural language processing to facilitate guided semantic search capabilities offered through cloud-based platforms that allow companies to score and sort resumes with better alignment to the job requirements and descriptions.
With the advent of ATS, resume optimization techniques and online tools are often used by applicants to increase their chances of landing an interview call.
References
Business software
Human resource management
E-recruitment
Anchovies are small, common saltwater forage fish in the family Engraulidae that are used as human food and fish bait. There are 144 species in 17 genera found in the Atlantic, Indian, and Pacific Oceans. Anchovies are usually classified as oily fish. They are small, green fish with blue reflections due to a silver longitudinal stripe that runs from the base of the caudal fin. They range from to in adult length, and the body shape is variable, with more slender fish in northern populations.
A traditional method of processing and preserving anchovies is to gut and salt them in brine, allow them to mature, and then pack them in oil or salt. This results in the characteristic strong flavor associated with anchovies, and their flesh turns deep grey. Anchovies pickled in vinegar, as with Spanish boquerones en vinagre, are milder, and the flesh retains a white color. For domestic use, anchovy fillets are sometimes packed in oil or salt in small tins or jars, sometimes rolled around capers. Anchovy paste is also available, as is anchovy essence. Anchovy mash is also sold in the UK under the label of Gentleman's Relish.
They are used in small quantities to flavor many dishes. Because of the strong flavor of anchovies, they are also an ingredient in several sauces, including Worcestershire sauce, remoulade and many fish sauces, and in some versions of Café de Paris butter. Anchovies are a popular pizza topping in some places. In Roman times, anchovies were the base for the fermented fish sauce garum. Garum had a sufficiently long shelf life for long-distance commerce and was produced in industrial quantities. Anchovies were also eaten raw as an aphrodisiac.
Additionally, fishermen use anchovies as fish bait for larger fish, such as tuna and sea bass.
Preparation and marketing
The strong taste people associate with anchovies is due to the curing process. Fresh anchovies, known in Italy as alici, have a much milder flavor. The rare alici (anchovies - in the local dialect: "Sardoni barcolani") from the Gulf of Trieste near Barcola, which are only caught at Sirocco, are particularly sought after because of their white meat and special taste and fetch high prices for fishermen.
In Sweden and Finland, the name anchovies is related strongly to a traditional seasoning. Hence, the product "anchovies" is normally made of sprats, while fish such as herring can be sold as "anchovy-spiced", leading to confusion when translating recipes.
The European anchovy, Engraulis encrasicolus, is the main commercial anchovy, with Morocco being the largest supplier of canned anchovies. The anchovy industry along the coast of Cantabria, initiated in Cantabria by Sicilian salters in the mid-19th century, now dwarfs the traditional Catalan salters.
Uses
In English-speaking countries, alici are sometimes called "white anchovies", and are often served in a weak vinegar marinade, a preservation method associated with the coastal town of Collioure in southwest France. The white fillets (a little like marinated herrings) are sold in heavy salt, or the more popular garlic or tomato oil and vinegar marinade packs.
In Spain they are called "bocarte" when consumed as freshly cooked fish, "anchoa" when salted and commonly sold in cans and "boquerón" when marinated in vinegar and very commonly consumed as snack or appetizer. ()
In Southeast Asian countries, anchovies are known as ikan teri in Indonesia, ikan bilis or setipinna taty in Malaysia (ikan being the Malay word for fish); and dilis, gurayan, monamon, guno or bolinaw in the Philippines. They are usually sold dried, but are also popularly used in fermented condiments like the Philippine bagoong and Malaysian budu. Ikan bilis is normally used in a similar way to dried shrimp in Malaysian cuisine. In Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines and Singapore anchovies are commonly used to make fish stock or are deep fried. Anchovies are also popular ingredients for the traditional Javanese sambal.
In Vietnam, anchovy is the main ingredient in the fish sauce - nước mắm - the unofficial national sauce of Vietnam. In Thai cuisine, dried anchovies are called pla katak haeng. They are used in a variety of dishes and especially popular deep-fried as a snack. Similarly to Vietnamese fish sauce, Thai fish sauce (nam pla) is also often made from anchovies. In other parts of Asia, such as Korea and Japan, sun-dried anchovies are used to produce a rich soup similar to setipinna taty. These anchovy stocks are usually used as a base for noodle soups or traditional Korean soups. There are many other variations on how anchovy is used, especially in Korea.
Fresh and dried anchovies are a popular part of the cuisine in Kerala and other south Indian states, where they are referred to as netholi/chooda (and nethili in Tamil Nadu) and provide a cheap source of protein in the diet. Fresh anchovies are eaten fried or as in a spicy curry.
In Turkey, anchovies are known as hamsi and are eaten between November and March (their name being derived from hamsin, an Arabic term for the winter period). They are generally consumed fried, grilled, steamed, as a meatball, and as Döner, and pilav.
Health concerns
Anchovies can concentrate domoic acid in their gut which causes amnesic shellfish poisoning in humans when eaten whole. If suspected, medical attention should be sought.
See also
Bagnun
Bagna càuda
References
External links
Consider the anchovy Guardian, 18 January 2011.
The height of good paste The Telegraph, 28 December 2000.
Anchovies
Fish as food
Joy Allison Taylor (born January 17, 1987) is an American media personality and television host for Fox Sports 1. She is currently the co-host of Speak with LeSean McCoy and Emmanuel Acho. Taylor was the news update anchor on Fox Sports 1's The Herd with Colin Cowherd, and the host of The Joy Taylor Show Saturdays on Fox Sports Radio.
Taylor previously served as the moderator for Fox Sports 1's studio show Skip and Shannon: Undisputed with commentators Skip Bayless and Shannon Sharpe.
Early years
Taylor attended Barry University, where she graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in broadcast communications in 2009. Taylor was the host of radio show The Noise and serving as the manager for her alma mater's radio station WBRY 1640 AM while finishing her degree.
Career
Taylor previously worked three years at 790 AM The Ticket in Miami, where she began as the executive producer, then eventually became the co-host for the station's top-rated morning-drive sports radio show, Zaslow and Joy Show. Taylor also served as the host of Fantasy Football Today and Thursday Night Live on CBSSports.com. Taylor joined FOX Sports in March 2016, playing pinch-hitter in several different FS1 roles, including filling in for Kristine Leahy on The Herd with Colin Cowherd. On August 15, 2016, it was announced by Fox Sports that Taylor would be the moderator for Fox Sports 1's upcoming sports debate show Skip and Shannon: Undisputed with commentators Skip Bayless and former NFL tight end and former CBS sports analyst Shannon Sharpe. She also hosts The Hang on Facebook Live and her Podcast “Maybe I'm Crazy.” In 2018, Fox announced that starting June 18, Taylor would be moving from Undisputed to The Herd with Colin Cowherd, also airing on FS1 along with Fox Sports Radio.
On September 9, 2021, it was announced that Taylor would be the host of her own Saturday program, The Joy Taylor Show on Fox Sports Radio.
Taylor began cohosting "Speak" on FS1 on September 6, 2022
Personal life
Taylor's brother is former NFL defensive end Jason Taylor, who played 15 seasons in the National Football League and was voted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2017.
Joy Taylor revealed that she had been a victim of domestic abuse during an episode of Undisputed in 2017. However, she didn't reveal her abuser's identity while describing the ordeal in detail. In September 2018, it was announced that Taylor was engaged to former NBA point guard and head coach Earl Watson but the couple split in November 2019.
References
External links
Fox Sports 1 Profile
1987 births
American women podcasters
American podcasters
American sports radio personalities
Barry University alumni
Fox Sports 1 people
Living people
Radio personalities from Pittsburgh
Woman sports commentators
21st-century American women
Lester Neil Smith III (May 12, 1946 – August 27, 2021), better known as L. Neil Smith, was an American libertarian science fiction author and political activist. His works include the trilogy of Lando Calrissian novels, all published in 1983: Lando Calrissian and the Mindharp of Sharu, Lando Calrissian and the Flamewind of Oseon, and Lando Calrissian and the Starcave of ThonBoka. He also wrote the novels Pallas, The Forge of the Elders, and The Probability Broach, each of which won the Libertarian Futurist Society's annual Prometheus Award for best libertarian science fiction novel. In 2016, Smith received a Special Award for Lifetime Achievement from the Libertarian Futurist Society.
Early life
Smith was born in Denver, Colorado on May 12, 1946. His father was an Air Force officer, and his childhood was spent in various places including Waco, McQueenie, and La Porte, Texas; Salina, Kansas; Sacramento, California; and Gifford, Illinois (all before he completed fifth grade) and then St. John's, Newfoundland and Ft. Walton Beach, Florida, where he graduated from high school.
Writing career
North American Confederacy series
Several of Smith's works are set in his North American Confederacy universe:
The Probability Broach (1980) is an alternate history novel in which history has taken a different turn because a single word in the Declaration of Independence was changed. The United States has become replaced by a minarchist/libertarian society, the North American Confederacy, in this parallel universe, also known to science fiction fans as the Gallatin Universe because of the pivotal role of Albert Gallatin during the point of divergence in 1794. The antagonists of the series are styled Federalists, or sometimes "Hamiltonians", after the historical political party of George Washington and Alexander Hamilton. In 2004, a graphic novel version was released, illustrated by Scott Bieser.
The Venus Belt (1980) takes place in outer space and discusses other settlements in the Gallatin Universe solar system. The Federalists are attempting to base a new civilization in interstellar space, kidnapping and enslaving a quarter of a million women as breeding stock from the anti-libertarian timeline from which the viewpoint character of The Probability Broach had escaped, with a plan to someday return in force to take over both of the alternate versions of Earth discovered by way of the P'wheet/Thorens probability broach.
Their Majesties' Bucketeers (1981) is a pastiche of the Sherlock Holmes tales by Arthur Conan Doyle, introducing the Lamviin, a trilaterally symmetrical race of aliens native to the arid planet of Sodde Lydfe. Their Majesties' Bucketeers introduces characters who later interact with others in the Gallatin Universe.
The Nagasaki Vector (1983) is written from the perspective of a time traveler who is shifted from yet another alternative probability line into the Gallatin Universe by the nuclear explosion over Nagasaki (on August 9, 1945) during World War II.
In Tom Paine Maru (1984), entrepreneurs of the Confederacy travel from world to world, exploring the various kinds of messes made by the Federalists who had been shifted back in time and scattered at random over the universe at the conclusion of The Venus Belt. The Federalists had created dozens of colonies, all of which had suffered disaster and retrogression under Federalist rule. Smith uses this device to criticize non-libertarian forms of government.
In The Gallatin Divergence (1985), a time-traveling Federalist woman wants to change history but is opposed by the protagonists of The Probability Broach. As these two forces clash, history is once again altered and yet another timeline is created.
The American Zone (2001), the most recent entry in the series, is a direct sequel to The Probability Broach concerned with the refugees from various anti-libertarian versions of the United States who take up residence in the Confederacy, and the response of the Confederacy to terrorist violence.
Star Wars expanded universe novels
Smith wrote three novels set in the Star Wars expanded universe. All three feature con-artist, associate of Han Solo and previous owner of the Millennium Falcon, Lando Calrissian, first introduced in the film The Empire Strikes Back. The novels take place between Revenge of the Sith and Episode IV: A New Hope
Lando Calrissian and the Mindharp of Sharu (July 1983), the first novel in the series, follows Calrissian as he wins a droid, Vuffi Raa, in a sabacc game, but must travel to the Rafa system to claim it, where he is forced by Rokur Gepta into a quest for an ancient artifact.
Lando Calrissian and the Flamewind of Oseon (October 1983), picks up with Calrissian and Vuffi Raa some time later, having started a freight business. Calrissian is invited to a high-stakes sabacc game in the Oseon system, where circumstances require him to assist in a drug sting, while defending against Rokur Gepta's revenge.
In Lando Calrissian and the Starcave of ThonBoka (December 1983), Calrissian and Vuffi Raa assist a persecuted alien race facing starvation instigated by the Centrality, and learn about Vuffi's origins.
The three novels were collected as The Lando Calrissian Adventures Omnibus Edition (1994).
Other works
Pallas is the first installment of what Smith has called "The Ngu Family Saga", a planned four-volume series. Pallas is the story of Emerson Ngu, a boy who lives in a dystopian socialist commune in a crater on the asteroid Pallas. Emerson secretly builds a crystal radio and is astonished to learn of the world outside the commune. Escaping, he discovers that the rest of Pallas is a libertarian utopia. Unable to forget his semi-enslaved family—whose "workers' paradise" is slowly starving to death—he designs a cheap but durable gun (because the libertarians on Pallas, to their shame, did not have a domestic firearms industry), and sets about liberating his former commune. At the same time, he must learn the skills necessary for life in the outside world. The novel thus functions both as a bildungsroman and a story of political revolution.
Ceres is the second work in "The Ngu Family Saga," completed on December 25, 2004, planned to be followed by Ares, both set in the Pallas universe and being funded by private investors. The Ceres Project was organized by Alan R. Weiss, a friend of Neil's. After efforts to find a publisher for Ceres proved fruitless, Smith published the novel online, beginning on March 23, 2009, one chapter being added each week.
The Mitzvah, a novel about a Catholic priest who is a pacifist and influenced by socialist values of the 1960s. His world is shattered when he learned the German immigrant parents he grew up with adopted him, and that his true parents were a Jewish couple who were murdered in the Holocaust.
Politics
Smith joined the Libertarian Party in 1972 (just after its beginnings in 1971). He served on the Platform Committee in 1977 and 1979, and in 1978 ran for the state legislature in Colorado, losing to Ronald Strahle by 10,895 votes to 1,925.
In 1999, Smith announced that he would run for president in 2000 as an independent if his supporters would gather 1,000,000 online petition signatures asking him to run. After failing to achieve even 1,500 signatures, his independent campaign quietly died. He next tried an abortive run for the Libertarian Party nomination, which ended almost as quickly when, in the California primary, Harry Browne overwhelmingly defeated him, 71% to 9%.
Although Browne was chosen by the party's 2000 national convention, Smith, because of a dispute between the Libertarian Party's national organization and its Arizona affiliate, appeared as the Libertarian Party candidate for president on the Arizona ballot. He and running mate Vin Suprynowicz received 5,775 votes in the national election, less than 0.01% of the vote. Shortly thereafter, Smith's supporters announced a new 1,000,000-signature petition drive; however, in late 2003, with the new drive once again failing to achieve even a small fraction of that total, Smith announced that he would not pursue another political office.
Smith endorsed the Free State Project and Badnarik's campaign for president in 2004.
Smith is the founder of, and regularly contributed essays to, The Libertarian Enterprise, an anarcho-capitalist and paleolibertarian journal.
Published works
Fiction
Coordinated Arm series
The Wardove (1986)
Henry Martyn (1989)
Bretta Martyn (1997) (sequel to Henry Martyn, connects to The Wardove)
Phoebus Krumm (2009) (online comic with art by Scott Bieser, sequel to Bretta Martyn, hardcopy edition in November 2010)
Forge of the Elders Series
Blade of p'Na (2016)
Contact and Commune (1990)
Converse and Conflict (1990)
Forge of the Elders (2000) [comprising the previous two books plus a previously-unpublished third book]
Lando Calrissian (Star Wars) series
Lando Calrissian and the Mindharp of Sharu (1983)
Lando Calrissian and the Flamewind of Oseon (1983)
Lando Calrissian and the Starcave of ThonBoka (1983)
Omnibus edition The Lando Calrissian Adventures (1994)
Ngu Family Saga
Pallas (1993)
Ceres (2009)
North American Confederacy series
The Probability Broach (1979, unexpurgated edition 1996, graphic novel 2004)
The Nagasaki Vector (1983)
The American Zone (2001)
The Venus Belt (1980)
Their Majesties' Bucketeers (1981)
Tom Paine Maru (1984)
The Gallatin Divergence (1985)
Brightsuit MacBear (1988) [first in new series set in NAC universe]
Taflak Lysandra (1989) [second in new series set in NAC universe]
Stand-alone works
The Crystal Empire (1986)
Hope (2001; with Aaron S. Zelman)
The Mitzvah (1999; with Aaron S. Zelman)
Roswell, Texas (2006) (online comic with art by Scott Bieser, hardcopy edition in June 2008)
Timepeeper (2008) (online comic with art by Sherard Jackson)
Sweeter Than Wine (2011)
Non-fiction
Lever Action (2001)
Down With Power (2013)
See also
References
External links
"My Political Plans", an essay by Smith
Advocates for Self-Government page on Smith
L. Neil Smith at Random, Web log
Roswell, Texas new on-line comic by Neil.
Asteroids in Science Fiction
LibraryThing author profile
Author's Biography as of May 12, 2007
1946 births
2021 deaths
Candidates in the 2000 United States presidential election
20th-century American essayists
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American short story writers
21st-century American essayists
21st-century American male writers
21st-century American novelists
21st-century American short story writers
American alternate history writers
American gun rights activists
American male essayists
American male novelists
American male short story writers
American political writers
American science fiction writers
Colorado Libertarians
Novelists from Colorado
Writers from Denver
Ostra is a village in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 918 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
María Pons may refer to:
María Antonieta Pons (1922–2004), Cuban-born Mexican dancer, actor, and singer
María José Pons (born 1984), Spanish footballer
María Magdalena Campos Pons (born 1959), Cuban-born American artist and arts educator
German DJ Felix Jaehn has released two studio albums, one extended play, one remix album, one DJ mix, and thirty singles.
Albums
Studio albums
Remix albums
I Remixed (2018)
DJ mixes
Extended plays
Singles
Remixes
As Eff
Notes
References
Discographies of German artists
Electronic music discographies
Valendas is a former municipality in the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. The municipalities of Valendas, Versam, Safien and Tenna merged on 1 January 2013 into the new municipality of Safiental.
History
Valendas is first mentioned in 765 as in Valendano.
Geography
Valendas had an area, , of . Of this area, 21.6% is used for agricultural purposes, while 48.7% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 1.8% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (27.9%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The former municipality is located in the Ilanz sub-district of the Surselva district. It is located above the right side of the Vorderrhein canyon. It consists of the haufendorf village (an irregular, unplanned and quite closely packed village, built around a central square) of Valendas and the hamlets of Carrera, Brün, Dutjen and Turisch.
Demographics
Valendas had a population (as of 2011) of 298. , 6.8% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -2.3%. Most of the population () speaks German (96.9%), with Romansh being second most common ( 1.7%) and Serbo-Croatian being third ( 1.0%).
, the gender distribution of the population was 51.3% male and 48.7% female. The age distribution, , in Valendas is; 40 children or 13.6% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 38 teenagers or 12.9% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 23 people or 7.8% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 41 people or 13.9% are between 30 and 39, 43 people or 14.6% are between 40 and 49, and 40 people or 13.6% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 32 people or 10.9% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 18 people or 6.1% are between 70 and 79, there are 16 people or 5.4% who are between 80 and 89 there are 3 people or 1.0% who are between 90 and 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 68.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (13.3%), the SP (11%) and the CVP (5%).
In Valendas about 68.1% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Valendas has an unemployment rate of 0.11%. , there were 66 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 25 businesses involved in this sector. 21 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 4 businesses in this sector. 29 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 10 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Heritage sites of national significance
The Türelihus and the Haus Joos and attached barn are listed as Swiss heritage sites of national significance.
The Türelihus (Türeli House) is located in the center of Valendas and is one of the most historically valuable houses in the village. The interior contains many of the original furnishings from the Renaissance and Baroque eras. The original building was constructed in 1485. In 1554 it was expanded, this expansion was known as the Renaissance phase, with a spiral staircase within a tower and a stable was added to the north side. In 1775 it was renovated in the baroque style. The four-story building was abandoned for many years and had begun to decay. In 1994, the first attempt to renovate this building ended with only the addition of a temporary roof.
The oldest part of the Haus Joos may date to about 1300. The attached barn has a date of 1572 carved into it. However, the building is currently in poor condition and has not been used for a number of years.
Transport
Valendas-Sagogn station, on the line of the Rhaetian Railway that links Chur and Disentis, lies some below and distant from the village of Valendas.
References
External links
Safiental
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Villages in Graubünden
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Wich Stand was a '50s-style coffee shop restaurant and diner in Los Angeles, California, featuring a tilting blue roof and , designed by architect Eldon Davis.
The Wich Stand had two locations in the Los Angeles area. One of the buildings still exists at the intersection of Slauson Avenue and Overhill Drive in View Park-Windsor Hills, an unincorporated affluent neighborhood of Los Angeles County near City of Inglewood that is encircled. It was known for its dart neon sign.
A food critic said its "plunging dart of a sign keeps it from spinning off into space," and it's a surviving preserved examples of Googie architecture, according to The Los Angeles Times.
The other was located within City of Los Angeles proper at the Northwest corner of Figueroa Street and Florence Avenue (as listed on menu and matchbook cover), which preceded the one "on the hill."
The Beach Boys
The Beach Boys lived in the area and wrote an unreleased song called "Wich Stand". The coffee shop also inspired another Beach Boys song, "Root Beer (Chug-a-Lug)", about "Cruisin' the A," which was driving the five miles between the A & W on Hawthorne Boulevard and the Wich Stand on Slauson.
Simply Wholesome
The Slauson Avenue location opened in 1957. It fell upon hard times in the early 1980s and was vandalized. The floors and ceilings were gutted after the diner closed in 1988. In 1989 it was declared a historic landmark by the Los Angeles County. In 1995 the building was completely refurbished and reopened as Simply Wholesome vegan restaurant and health food store.
See also
Beach Boys Historic Landmark, childhood home location in Hawthorne
References
External links
Photos and design of Wich Stand
The Wich Stand
Simply Wholesome official site
Cruisin' to the Wich Stand – The Origins of Googie Design - ultraswank.net
Defunct restaurants in Greater Los Angeles
Googie architecture in California
Restaurants established in 1957
Tom Strachan (1973–29 August 2022) was an Australian businessman and a founder of AWX, which specialises in labor hire.
AWX was founded in 2000 by Strachan. The company was sold to a group of investors in 2016.
In 2013 the Business Review Weekly (BRW) estimated he was worth $25 million. The following year, he was worth $15 million.
He was a student at Brisbane Grammar School.
Strachan died in a plane crash with his son Noah and pilot Gary Liehm near Fernvale on 29 August 2022.
References
1973 births
Living people
Businesspeople from Brisbane
Australian company founders
Sutham Aswanit (born 23 March 1932) is a Thai former sports shooter. He competed at the 1968, 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics. He also competed at the 1970 and 1974 Asian Games.
References
1932 births
Living people
Sutham Aswanit
Sutham Aswanit
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in shooting
Shooters at the 1970 Asian Games
Shooters at the 1974 Asian Games
Sutham Aswanit
Sutham Aswanit
Medalists at the 1970 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1974 Asian Games
Sandwarriors is a 1997 video game developed by Astros Productions and published by Interplay Entertainment. The game is a combat/flight sim.
Reception
PC Zone gave the game a score of 7.4 out of 10 stating "It's not a bad game by any means; it simply just doesn't distinguish itself from the pack. As Ron Pickering used to say to the losing team on the programme We Are The Champions, that's just 'hard lines"
References
1997 video games
Fahmi (Arabic: فهمي) is an Arabic name in the possessive form of the word fahm (Arabic: فَهْم) which means "understanding, comprehension, knowing", and which stems from the verb fahima (Arabic: َفَهِم) meaning "come to know about", "to realize, understand or comprehend". It may refer to:
Given name
Fahmi Abdullah Ahmed, Yemeni captured and detained in the United States Guantanamo Bay detainment camps in Cuba
Fahmi al-Abboushi (1895–1975), co-founder of the Palestinian political party Hizb al-Istiqlal (Independence Party)
Fahmi al-Husseini (1886–1940), mayor of Gaza (1929–1939) under British rule
Fahmi Idris (born 1943), Indonesian politician in Golkar Party and government minister
Fahmi Reza (born 1977), Malaysian political artist
Mohammad Fahmi bin Abdul Shukor, a convicted rioter and gang member of Salakau in Singapore
Mustafa Fahmi Pasha (1840–1914), Egyptian politician, cabinet minister, and twice premier
Surname
Abdelilah Fahmi (born 1973), Moroccan football defender who plays for Raja Casablanca
Heshmat Fahmi, member of the Pan-African Parliament and a member of the People's Assembly of Egypt
Ismail Fahmi (1922–1997), Egyptian diplomat and politician
Nabil Fahmi (born 1951), Egyptian diplomat and politician, and Ismail Fahmi's son
Sameh Fahmi (born 1949), Egyptian politician
Variants:
Mohamed Fahmy, Canadian journalist
Arabic-language surnames
Arabic masculine given names
Edward Harker was an English footballer who played in The Football League for Notts County.
Early career
Ted Harker was born and grew up in Plumtree, a suburb of the city of Nottingham, in Nottinghamshire. Ted Harker' first recorded appearance for Notts County was made against the crack Scottish amateurs, Queen's Park, in November 1882, but it was not until season 1886–87 that Harker featured on a regular basis. 25 matches and six goals in that season being his best return, within overall figures of 66 matches and 11 goals. Of note, but Harker may/may not have played is that Notts County reached the Sixth Round of the FA Cup in 1887, losing 4–1 to the eventual losing Finalists, West Bromwich Albion
1888–1889 Season
Ted Harker, playing as one of the forwards, made his League debut on 15 September 1888 at Anfield, the then home of Everton. Notts County lost to the home team 2–1. Ted Harker appeared in two of the 22 League matches played by Notts County in season 1888–89.
1889 onwards
Harker retired from football in November 1888 and variously worked as a warehouseman and later in his working life a maltster's clerk.
He lived a long life and did not die until June 1950 aged 87. He died in Newark-on-Trent.
References
English footballers
Association football forwards
Notts County F.C. players
English Football League players
People from Rushcliffe (district)
1862 births
1950 deaths
Sign Here, Here and Here is an EP by American heavy metal band The Company Band.
This is The Company Band's debut recording, it was recorded at Bam Margera's personal studio The Hobbit Hole during 2007.
The CD was mixed by Andrew Alekel at Grandmaster Recorders in Hollywood.
Track listing
Personnel
Neil Fallon – lead vocals
James Rota – lead guitar, backing vocals
Jess Margera – drums
Dave Bone – guitar
Jason Diamond – bass
2008 EPs
The Company Band albums
Almaz Special Anti-Terrorism Unit (SPBT Almaz) () is an anti-terrorist special unit of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Belarus.
History
The special-purpose detachment of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic "Berkut" was created on January 2, 1991 in accordance with the order of the Soviet Ministry of Internal Affairs of December 14, 1990. This was the first special unit of the Ministry of Internal Affairs on the territory of the republic. Initially, the "Berkut" detachment was subordinate to the Department for Execution of Punishments of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the BSSR.
The first commander of the unit was the militia captain Uladzimir Navumau, then the commander of a patrol company.
In 1994, the commander of the "Berkut" Naumov put forward an initiative to reorganize and rename the special forces. In the fall of 1994, the unit was transformed into a special unit of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Belarus with subordination to the minister personally and received a new name - "Almaz". The unit was assigned new tasks, including participation in the fight against organized criminal groups, the detention of especially dangerous and armed criminals.
In the first 15 years of its existence, SPBT Almaz was involved in combat missions 6383 times; conducted 4161 combat and special operations; freed 106 hostages; stopped a number of terrorist acts; detained 4559 criminals who committed grave and especially grave crimes; seized and defused 2,932 explosive devices; seized 464 units of firearms and 24386 pcs. ammunition, as well as 119,136 kg of drugs.
Tasks
The main tasks of the unit during this period were:
hostage rescue;
detention of armed criminals;
riot control in detention facilities.
References
Non-military counterterrorist organizations
Special forces of Belarus
Kim Hyo-min (born 8 December 1995 ) is a South Korean badminton player. Although she now specializes in singles, Kim's first big result in a major international junior event came when she and fellow singles specialist Lee Min-ji reached the girls' doubles semi-finals at the 2012 World Junior Championships. The following year, she was undefeated in South Korea's run to winning the Suhandinata Cup at the 2013 World Junior Championships. In 2014, Kim beat Sun Yu to reach the final of the 2014 Macau Open Grand Prix Gold, and she became the runner-up after defeated by P. V. Sindhu in the final round.
Achievements
BWF World Junior Championships
Girls' doubles
BWF Grand Prix
The BWF Grand Prix had two levels, the Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold. It was a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF) and played between 2007 and 2017.
Women's singles
BWF Grand Prix Gold tournament
BWF Grand Prix tournament
BWF International Challenge/Series
Women's singles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Ulsan
South Korean female badminton players
Badminton players at the 2014 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for South Korea
Asian Games medalists in badminton
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
Universiade gold medalists for South Korea
Universiade medalists in badminton
Medalists at the 2015 Summer Universiade
This is a chronological list of works by Max Weber. Original titles with dates of publication and translated titles are given when possible, then a list of works translated into English, with earliest-found date of translation. The list of translations is most likely incomplete.
Weber wrote all his books in German. Original titles published after his death (1920) are likely to be compilations of unfinished works (note the term 'Collected Essays...' in the titles). Many translations are of parts or selections from various German originals, and the names of the translations often do not reveal which German works they are drawn from.
Originals
Zur Geschichte der Handelgesellschaften im Mittelalter (The History of Medieval Business Organizations) (1889)
Die Römische Agrargeschichte in ihrer Bedeutung für das Staats- und Privatrecht (Roman Agrarian History and its Significance for Public and Private Law) (1891)
Die Verhältnisse der Landarbeiter im ostelbischen Deutschland (1892) (Condition of Farm Labor in Eastern Germany)
Die Börse (1894–1896) (The stock exchange)
Der Nationalstaat und die Volkswirtschaftspolitik. (1895) (The National State and Economic Policy) - inaugural lecture at Freiburg University
Gesammelte Aufsatze zur Religionssoziologie (Collected Essays on the Sociology of Religion) (1920–1921)
Gesammelte Politische Schriften (Collected Political Miscellanies) (1921)
Die rationalen und soziologischen Grundlagen der Musik (Rational and Sociological Foundations of Music) (1921)
Gesammelte Aufsätze zur Wissenschaftslehre (Collected Essays on Scientific Theory) (1922)
Wirtschaft und Gesellschaft (Economy and Society) (1922)
Gesammelte Aufsätze zur Soziologie und Sozialpolitik (Collected Essays on Sociology and Social Policy) (1924)
Wirtschaftsgeschichte (General Economic History) (1924)
Staatssoziologie (Sociology of the State) (1956)
Max Weber-Gesamtausgabe Critical edition of the Collected Works.
Translations
The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism (original - 1904 to 1905, translation - 1930)
From Max Weber: Essays in Sociology (translation - 1946)
The Theory of Social and Economic Organization (Talcott Parsons' translation of volume 1 of Economy and Society) (original - 1915?, translation - 1947)
Max Weber on the Methodology of the Social Sciences (translation 1949)
General Economic History - The Social Causes of the Decay of Ancient Civilisation (original - 1927, translation 1950)
The Religion of China: Confucianism and Taoism (translation - 1951)
Ancient Judaism (original 1917-1920, part of Gesammelte Aufsatze zur Religionssoziologie in 1920-1921, translation - 1952)
Max Weber on Law in Economy and Society (translation - 1954)
The City (original - 1921, translation - 1958)
The Religion of India: The Sociology of Hinduism and Buddhism (translation - 1958)
Rational and Social Foundations of Music (translation - 1958)
The Three Types of Legitimate Rule (translation - 1958)
Basic Concepts in Sociology (translation - 1962)
The Agrarian Sociology of Ancient Civilizations (translation - 1976)
Critique of Stammler (translation - 1977)
Economy and Society : An Outline of Interpretive Sociology (translation - 1978)
On Charisma and Institution Building (translation - 1994)
Weber: Political Writings (translation - 1994)
The Russian Revolutions (original - 1905, translation - 1995)
Essays in Economic Sociology (translation - 1999)
Weber's Rationalism and Modern Society: New Translations on Politics, Bureaucracy, and Social Stratification (original 1914-1919, translation-2015)
Translations of unknown date:
Roscher and Knies and the Logical Problem of Historical Economics (original? - 1903-1905)
Sociology of Community (translation - ?)
Sociology of Religion (original? - 1920)
Sociology of the World Religions: Introduction (translation - ?)
The Rejection and the Meaning of the World (translation - ?)
The Objectivity of the Sociological and Social-Political Knowledge (original? - 1904)
Politics as a Vocation (original? - 1919)
Science as a Vocation [?] ('Wissenschaft wie Beruf, Politik wie Beruf' ='Science as a Job, Politics as a Job')
Sociology of Rulership and Religion (translation - ?)
The Protestant Sects and the Spirit of Capitalism [?]
Works available online
See 'External links' section of Max Weber article for a list of websites containing online works of Max Weber.
Bibliographies by writer
Bibliographies of German writers
Philosophy bibliographies
Mark Antony is a 2000 Indian Malayalam film, directed by T. S. Suresh Babu and produced by Safeel and Minraj. Story by Shaji T Nedumkallel and screenplay and dialogue By Kaloor Dennis. The film stars Suresh Gopi, Divya Unni, Janardanan and Lalu Alex in lead roles. The film had musical score by Berny-Ignatius.
Cast
Suresh Gopi as Parel Antony
Janardanan as Parel Pappu Chattu
Madhupal as Parel Pappachan
Baiju as Parel Kariyachan
Divya Unni as Mambally Nimmy
Lalu Alex as Fr. Parel Urumees
VK Sreeraman as Mambally Chakkappan
Adoor Bhavani as Kunjeli
Bheeman Raghu as Mambally Kuriachen
Jagannatha Varma as Bishop
K. P. A. C. Lalitha as Kunjoutha
N. F. Varghese as Mullakka
Augustine as Sexton Devassy
Kollam Ajith as S.I. Jagathnathan
Sadiq as Babu
Mala Aravindan as C.K. Ayyappan
Mohan Jose as Ravikuttan
Shammi Thilakan as Rajan
Kaveri as Kunjipennu/Reeja
Ravi Menon as Nair
Shaju as Unnikrishna Varma
Mani C. Kappen as Pankajakshan
Vimal Raj as Bhairavan
Keerikkadan Jose as Muthala Varkey
Indrans as Antony's friend
Bindu Panicker as Nimmi's mother
Vijayan Peringod as Unnikrishna Varma's Father
Soundtrack
References
External links
2000 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by T. S. Suresh Babu
Films scored by Berny–Ignatius
The 1914 Great Britain Lions tour of Australia and New Zealand was the second ever British national rugby league team or 'Lions' tour of Australasia, where it was winter and matches were played against the Australian and New Zealand national sides, as well as several local teams. The tour repeated the promotional and financial success of the 1910 Great Britain Lions tour of Australasia and became famous for the third and deciding Ashes test, known as the "Rorke's Drift Test" due to a backs-to-the wall British victory against all odds.
Touring squad
At the 1913–14 Northern Rugby Football Union season's conclusion, the following Great Britain squad was assembled by the Northern Rugby Football Union to represent it on the tour of Australasia. The Union's tour manager was John Clifford.
Australia
The first leg of the tour was Australia, where the game of rugby league football was in its seventh year since splitting away from rugby union in 1908. the tourists ventured to Adelaide, Melbourne, Ipswich and Bathurst, as well as Sydney, Brisbane and Newcastle.
The Australian team was captained in all three Ashes Tests by North Sydney skipper Sid Deane.
Test venues
The three Ashes series tests took place at the following venues. All three tests took place in Sydney.
South Australia: J. Lawson, R. Cooksley, O. Howard, E. Dutton, P. Knowles, W. Oldfield, M. Moran, C. Fincham, J. Sorensen, F. Stewart, J. Carr, A. Shuttleworth, P. Jackson. Res – L. Scott
Northern Union: Alf Wood (c), Jack Robinson, William Davies, Bert Jenkins, Frank Williams, Fred Smith, Jack O'Garra, James Clampitt, Billy Jarman, Arthur Johnson, Dave Holland, Percy Coldrick, John Smales
Metropolis: Howard Hallett, Harold Horder, Sid Deane (c), Bill Kelly, Wally Messenger, Ray Norman, Arthur Halloway, Jack Watkins, Sid Pearce, Con Sullivan, Paddy McCue, Ed Courtney, Frank Burge
Northern Union: Alf Wood, Frank Williams, William Davies (c), Bert Jenkins, Jack Robinson, Stuart Prosser, Johnny Rogers, Joseph Guerin, James Clampitt, Walter Roman, Billy Jarman, Dave Holland, John Smales
NSW: Howard Hallett, Harold Horder, Sid Deane (c), Bill Kelly, Wally Messenger, Ray Norman, Arthur Halloway, Jack Watkins, Sid Pearce, Con Sullivan, Paddy McCue, Ed Courtney, Frank Burge. Res – Charles Fraser
Northern Union: Gwyn Thomas, William Davies, Harold Wagstaff (c), Bert Jenkins, Stan Moorhouse, Billy Hall, Johnny Rogers, Percy Coldrick, Douglas Clark, Arthur Johnson, Billy Jarman, Dave Holland, Jack Chilcott
Queensland: Mick Bolewski (c), Herbert McCabe, Walter Bolewski, Henry Bolewski, William Beavis, Daniel Rowley, Evan Lewis, Jack Egan, Thomas Dean, Harold Bawden, Charles Scott, William Pritchard, James Adams
Northern Union: Gwyn Thomas, Frank Williams, Harold Wagstaff (c), William Davies, Alfred Francis, Fred Smith, Jack O'Garra, Joseph Guerin, Douglas Clark, Fred Longstaff, Dick Ramsdale, John Smales, Jack Chilcott
Northern Union: Billy Jarman, Stan Moorhouse, Harold Wagstaff (c), Billy Hall, Alfred Francis, Stuart Prosser, Fred Smith, Arthur Johnson, Joseph Guerin, James Clampitt, Walter Roman, Percy Coldrick, Fred Longstaff
Queensland: Mick Bolewski (c), Herbert McCabe, John Birkett, Henry Bolewski, William Beavis, Thomas Hennessy, Evan Lewis, Jack Egan, Thomas Dean, Peter Olsen, Charles Scott, William Pritchard, Don Jeffrey
Northern Union: Gwyn Thomas, Frank Williams, Harold Wagstaff (c), Bert Jenkins, Stan Moorhouse, Billy Hall, Johnny Rogers, Percy Coldrick, Douglas Clark, Fred Longstaff, Dick Ramsdale, Billy Jarman, Jack Chilcott
Newcastle: J. Maloney (c), P. Scully, W. Coleman, E. Brien, G. Johns, J. Coleman, F. Bell, F. Grahame, H. Williams, Stan Carpenter, J. Quinn, Arthur Baber, C. Perkins
Northern Union: Alf Wood, Alfred Francis, Harold Wagstaff (c), William Davies, Jack Robinson, Fred Smith, Jack O'Garra, Walter Roman, James Clampitt, Joseph Guerin, Dave Holland, John Smales, Arthur Johnson
First test
Future Australian Rugby League Hall of Fame inductee Harold Horder was selected to make his Test debut for this match. On the other wing was the only Queenslander selected in the home side, Henry Bolewski. Also selected to debut for his adopted country was New Zealander, Bill Kelly, after whom the trophy contested in the ANZAC Test would be named.
The first test of the 1914 Ashes series was played in Sydney before a crowd of around 40,000. Leeds forward Billy Jarman, making his debut for Great Britain missed a conversion attempt from in front of the posts. Henry Bolewski was the only Queensland player selected in the Australian side.
Second test
After being humiliated in the first Test, the Australians bounced back to narrowly win the second 12–7 at the Sydney Cricket Ground with Charles Fraser and Frank Burge scoring and Wally Messenger kicking 3 goals.
Newcastle: E. Hawke, A. Bassett, A. Dawson, H. Gunn, E. Lockhard, R. Trefrey, Edward Coyne, D. Gander, Arch Moncreiff (c), D. Reece, P. Smith, R. Murphy, D. Haynes
Northern Union: Alf Wood (c), Frank Williams, Billy Hall, William Davies, Jack O'Garra, Stuart Prosser, Johnny Rogers, Walter Roman, James Clampitt, Joseph Guerin, John Smales, Billy Jarman, Arthur Johnson
Third test
The third and deciding Ashes test had originally been scheduled for Melbourne in August, but the New South Wales Rugby Football League unilaterally rescheduled it for Sydney on 4 July to maximise profits. Melbourne had to wait another 78 years until they hosted their first test, in the Ashes Series of 1992. The British protested that it would be their third test match in seven days and several of their first team were out with injuries, but the NSWRFL got its way. The tourists were instructed by the Northern Union officials to play and do their duty for England.
Within the first minutes of the match, Great Britain were down a man due to an injury to Frank Williams. Forward Arthur 'Chick' Johnson, the Widnes club's first international representative, was shifted to the wing to take Williams' place. At half time the British were leading 9–3. Ten minutes into the second half, they had lost Douglas Clark and Billy Hall to injuries so were reduced to ten men. 'Chick' Johnson, playing out of position on the wing, then used the unorthodox method of dribbling the ball ahead with his feet to score a try. This lifted his teammates in defence and the British managed to win 14–6.
NSW: George Challis, Tom Leggo, Bob Tidyman, Charles Fraser, George Bain, Les Cubitt, Arthur Halloway (c), Bob Williams, Sid Pearce, Ed Courtney, Bob Craig, Albert Burge, Frank Burge. Res –
Northern Union: Alf Wood, Stan Moorhouse, Harold Wagstaff (c), Bert Jenkins, William Davies, Billy Hall, Johnny Rogers, Percy Coldrick, James Clampitt, Dick Ramsdale, Fred Longstaff, Jack Chilcott, Arthur Johnson
This game was played on the return leg from New Zealand
New Zealand
Originally scheduled to take place during the Ashes series, the New Zealand leg was postponed until afterwards.
Northern Union: Gwyn Thomas, Joseph Houghton, Billy Hall, William Davies, Jack O'Garra, Stuart Prosser, Fred Smith, Joseph Guerin, Billy Jarman, Jack Chilcott, John Smales, Walter Roman, James Clampitt
Auckland: Tom Cross, Charles Woolley, Karl Ifwersen, Edward Fox, Thomas McClymont, Arthur Hardgrave, Charles Webb, Charlie Savory, Joe Bennett, Stan Walters, Bob Mitchell, Harold Hayward, Jim Clark
Northern Union: Alf Wood, Stan Moorhouse, Billy Hall, Bert Jenkins, William Davies, Johnny Rogers, Fred Smith, Dick Ramsdale, Arthur Johnson, Jack Chilcott, Fred Longstaff, Percy Coldrick, Dave Holland
Northern Union defeated Auckland 34–12 in front of 13,000 fans. The gate earned the Auckland Rugby League NZ£650.
Northern Union: Alf Wood, Stan Moorhouse, Harold Wagstaff (c), Bert Jenkins, William Davies, Jack O'Garra, Stuart Prosser, Dick Ramsdale, Joseph Guerin, James Clampitt, Fred Longstaff, Percy Coldrick, Walter Roman
New Zealand lost the sole Test match 13–16. Billy Wilson scored two tries, Vic Banks scored one and Karl Ifwersen kicked two goals.
References
Great Britain national rugby league team tours
Great Britain Lions tour of Australia and New Zealand
Great Britain Lions tour of Australia and New Zealand
Great Britain Lions tour of Australia and New Zealand
Rugby league tours of Australia
Rugby league tours of New Zealand
Mount Rhone is the highest peak () in the Bucknell Ridge in the northeast part of the Britannia Range. Named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) after Christopher M. Rhone, a communications officer with the U.S. Naval Support Force, Antarctica, 1992–94; Director of Information Systems with the ASA, 1994–2000.
Mountains of Oates Land
Biley or Bilay (Bengali: বিলে) is a 2012 Bengali drama created by Bengali theatre group Lokkrishti, This is a dramatisation of the life and works of Swami Vivekananda. Debshankar Haldar played the lead role. Phalguni Chattopadhyay directed this drama and Ujjwal Chattopadhyay was the playwright.
The drama received an appreciative critical response, with one review in Bengali newspaper Anandabazar Patrika calling it a remarkable step in Bengali theatre (though they also criticized the choreography, music, characters and some of the acting).
Synopsis
Biley attempts to cover the whole life of Swami Vivekananda. In order to cover eventful life of Vivekananda in a narrative form within the two-hour span of the drama, the production employed the technique of flashbacks during a conversation between Vivekananda as an adult, and Vivekananda as a child. Different events from his life starting from childhood days to meeting with the mystic saint Ramakrishna at Dakshineswar, Vivekananda's travel to the West, meeting with Sister Nivedita, and his works in India have been captured in flashback, thereby building his journey from being Narendranath to Vivekananda in bits and pieces.
In this drama, the director has tried to capture the humanly aspects of Vivekananda. Some unpleasant questions are asked, and bitter issues raised throughout the drama. Young Narndranath says directly to Ramakrishna that he had used his wife Sarada Devi, sacrificing her womanhood for the sake of divine worship. Vivekananda confesses that even a Sannyasi feels frustrated and depressed, feels sorrow and sheds tears. Vivekananda gets irritated multiple times by the questions of Nivedita, and faces conflicts between religion and politics.
Making
The Bengali drama was an initiative taken by Lokkrishti to commemorate 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda. The play was written by Ujjwal Chattopadhyay. It took him one year to finish the screenplay.
Credits
Cast
Debshankar Haldar as Biley (Narendranath Datta/Vivekananda)
Guddu as child Narendranath
Phalguni Chattopadhyay as Ramakrishna
Rumki Chattopadhyay as Sarada Devi
Monalisa as Sister Nivedita
Production
Theatre group: Lokkrishti
Director: Phalguni Chattopadhyay
Playwright: Ujjwal Chattopadhyay
Stage decoration: Soumik and Piyali
Choreographer: Monalisa
Light: Sudip Sanyal
Background music: Arup Ratan
Reception
In the Bengali newspaper Anandabazar Patrika's review, the drama has been described as a remarkable step in Bengali theatre. Debshankar's acting as Narendranath Datta has been appreciated. Phalguni Chattopadhyay as Ramakrishna applauded too. Rumki Chattopadhyay's acting as Sarada Devi has been little criticized for non-seriousness and acting of Monalisa as Sister Nivedita has been remarked as unnatural. Guddu as you child Vivekananda has been highly applauded.
The choreography of the play has been remarked as improper and irrelevant for the play. The music has sometimes slowed down the pace of the drama and it has also been remarked that the characters Mahendralal Sarkar and Girish Chandra Ghosh could not be portrayed properly.
See also
Bireswar
References
Notes
Citation
Swami Vivekananda
Bengali-language plays
2012 plays
Indian plays
Quang Nhuong Huynh (August 22, 1946—2001) was a Vietnamese-born American author. He wrote two books, and has received several awards for his autobiographical work The Land I Lost. Huynh is credited as being the first Vietnamese author to write fiction and non-fiction in English.
Biography
Huynh was born August 22, 1941, in My Tho, Vietnam to the parents Huynh Miu Van, and Kiem Thi. Huynh then enrolled in Saigon University for chemistry, earning his degree in 1962. After the outbreak of the Vietnam War, Huynh was drafted into the South Vietnamese army, where he reached the rank of first lieutenant, and received a gold and a silver medal. Huynh was shot and paralyzed during the war, resulting in his trip to the United States in 1963 for physical therapy.
Huynh decided to stay in the United States, and earned an M.A. in Comparative Literature in 1971 from Long Island University, and in 1973 he got an M.A. in French from the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri. His writing career was then begun when his book The Land I Lost was published in 1982. The book won several awards, and was translated into several languages. In the early 1990s, Huynh also had some success as a playwright, and in 1990 he was awarded a Creative Writing Fellowship from the National Endowment for the Arts.
In 1997, Huynh published his other book that was titled Water Buffalo Days. Similar to The Land I Lost, the book focused on his life – more specifically his childhood. Four years later, Huynh died. He was the first Vietnamese to write fiction and non-fiction in English.
Awards and recognition
Huynh's first book, The Land I Lost, won several awards. It received the ALA Notable Children's Book award, the ALA Booklist Editors' Choice award, the Notable Children's Trade Book in the Field of Social Studies (NCSS/CBC), the Library of Congress Children's Books award, the William Allen White Children's Book Award (Kansas), the Friends of American Writers Award, and the Blue Cobra Award. In 1990, Huynh received a Creative Writing Fellowship from the National Endowment for the Arts.
References
External links
1946 births
American children's writers
Vietnamese writers
English-language literature of Vietnam
University of Missouri alumni
2001 deaths
Date of death missing
Place of death missing
Crowleymass is an EP released in 1987 by the English group Current 93, led by David Tibet. Crowleymass originally appeared on a 12” vinyl record through Maldoror and was later reissued in 1997 on CD format through Durtro, the record company owned by David Tibet. This reissue contained a bonus track titled “I Arise”.
With four songs, this record was produced by Icelandic renowned musician Hilmar Örn Hilmarsson and had the collaboration of guitar player Guðlaugur Kristinn Óttarsson; former Strawberry Switchblade backing vocalist Rose McDowall, J. Sen and Nyarlathotep's Idiot Flute Players.
With a more danceable orientation as compared with previous works (excepting the uncharacteristically heavy metal-like "I Arise"), Crowleymass is considered a cult collectible by gothic rock and industrial music followers.
12" track listing
CD track listing
External links
Official site of Current 93
Official site of Guðlaugur Kristinn Óttarsson
Page of G. K. Óttarsson at MySpace.com
1987 EPs
Current 93 albums
Avascent is a boutique management consulting firm serving the defense, aerospace, homeland security, logistics, transit, and financial industries. It was formed in 2007 after a management-led buyout of DFI Corporate Services from its parent, DFI International (now Detica, since acquired by BAE Systems).
For more than 25 years, Avascent (previously as DFI) has advised the world's largest prime defense contractors and systems integrators. In addition to core markets in defense and aerospace, Avascent's clients also operate in other sectors influenced by government policy, such as energy, transportation and healthcare.
In 2011, the firm was featured in Consulting Magazine's annual Seven Small Jewels feature.
Avascent Analytics
In 2009, Avascent launched Avascent Analytics, a subscription-based web-accessible service providing clients comprehensive data covering aerospace, defense, and government driven markets. The database includes a forecast of global defense spending spanning the U.S. and 55 accessible countries, a federal contracts intelligence tool, and forecasting of global space systems.
Recruiting
Avascent typically recruits graduates into one of two tracks. Analysts are primarily undergraduates recruited from top university campuses. Unlike many consulting firms, Avascent does not have a fixed two-year program for analysts, but instead believes in organically developing future leaders. Engagement Managers are typically recruited from leading MBA and International Affairs programs, or are mid-career professionals. Avascent's Engagement Managers lead project teams and develop client relationships on the path to Partner.
Partnerships
Avascent works with non-profit organizations that aim to help people around the world, including:
Build.org - an entrepreneurial experience for underprivileged youth
Service Never Sleeps - engages young professionals to combat social justice issues through service and civic engagement
Avascent belongs to several government interest business groups, including the Homeland Security Business Council.
In July 2019, Avascent joined the German Aerospace Industries Association (BDLI).
Notable current and former employees
Lori Garver - In 2009, Garver was nominated by Barack Obama as Deputy NASA Administrator. She was confirmed by the United States Senate by unanimous consent on July 15, 2009.
William Lynn - In 2009, Lynn was nominated by Barack Obama as Deputy Secretary of Defense. His appointment was approved by the U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee on February 5, 2009 by unanimous consent. On February 11, 2009, Lynn was confirmed in the full Senate by a vote of 93–4. He took the oath of office on February 12.
Avascent Global Advisors
In February 2010, Avascent created Avascent International, which became Avascent Global Advisors in 2016, a senior-level advisory arm of Avascent. Working with Avascent, Avascent Global Advisors bring decades of extensive business, diplomatic, governmental, and military experience and expertise. The function of Avascent Global Advisors is to assist clients in identifying strategic opportunities, finding appropriate partners, addressing seen and unseen risk, and offering optimal government relations and market strategies, while navigating the global financial and geostrategic landscapes.
References
External links
Avascent
Avascent Global Advisors
Avascent Analytics
Management consulting firms of the United States
Privately held companies based in Washington, D.C.
The Solemn Declaration on European Union was signed by the then 10 heads of state and government on Sunday 19 June 1983, at the Stuttgart European Council held in Stuttgart.
In November 1981, the German and Italian Governments submitted to the Member States a draft European Act designed to further European integration. In accordance with the mandate given by the European Council of 26 and 27 November 1981 the Foreign Ministers reported to the Stuttgart European Council on their work on this draft Act.
The Heads of State or Government of the Member States of the European Communities meeting within the European Council resolved to continue the work begun on the basis of the Treaties of Paris and Rome and to create a united Europe, which is more than ever necessary in order to meet the dangers of the world situation, capable of assuming the responsibilities incumbent on it by virtue of its political role, its economic potential and its manifold links with other peoples, ...
The Heads of State or Government, on the basis of an awareness of a common destiny and the wish to affirm the European identity, confirm their commitment to progress towards an ever closer union among the peoples and Member States of the European Community.
The declaration was one of the milestones leading to the formation of the European Single Market in 1993.
The Stuttgart European Council also used the occasion to condemn international interference with the conflicts in Central America, specifically in El Salvador and Nicaragua. Their statement concerning this issue reads:
The Heads of State and Government confirmed their close interest in developments in Central America. They are deeply concerned at the economic and social conditions in many parts of the region, at the tensions which these create and at the widespread misery and bloodshed.
They are convinced that the problems of Central America cannot be solved by military means, but only by a political solution springing from the region itself and respecting the principles of non-interference and inviolability of frontiers. They, therefore, fully support the current initiative of the Contadora Group. They underlined the need for the establishment of democratic conditions and for the strict observance of human rights throughout the region.
They are ready to continue contributing to the further development in the area, in order to promote progress towards stability.
References
History of the European Union
1983 in Europe
1983 in the European Economic Community
1983 in Germany
Declarations of the European Union
History of Stuttgart
Treaties concluded in 1983
Political charters
Pathin is a wrap-around skirt worn by the women of the Hajong tribe of the Indian subcontinent in Northeast India and Bangladesh. It covers the upper and lower part of the body from the bust till the calf of the leg. Women in the upper class wore a long pathin which would fall down to the floor while women in the lower class wore a shorter pathin whose length reaches to the ankle.
The pathin is a horizontally striped, colourful, rectangular piece of cloth with alternate symmetric layers of different colours between red stripes and thick horizontal borders called chapa. Pathins are woven in traditional looms known as 'Sipni Bana' and 'Sal Bana'. It is operated with hands and does not require the use of feet. Pathins are also used to make mekhelas in Assam.
Gallery
See also
Phasinh
Panung
Qun(裙) or Chang(裳)
Kira
Sampot
Rigwnai
Argon
References
Hajong culture
Culture of Meghalaya
Indian clothing
History of Asian clothing
Shawls and wraps
Indian shawls and wraps
The 2005 Sony HD 500 was a NASCAR Nextel Cup Series stock car race held on September 4, 2005 at California Speedway in Fontana, California. Contested over 250 laps on the 2-mile (3.23 km) asphalt D-shaped oval, it was the twenty-fifth race of the 2005 Nextel Cup Series season. The race was extended to 254 laps because of a green-white-checker finish.
Kyle Busch of Hendrick Motorsports won the race for the first time in his career and also became the youngest Cup Series race winner until the 2009 Lenox Industrial Tools 301. Carl Edwards would earn his first pole position during qualifying.
Entry list
Practice
Top 10 practice 1 results
Top 10 practice 2 results
Qualifying
Results
Race Statistics
Time of race: 3:43:32
Average Speed:
Pole Speed: 185.061
Cautions: 11 for 43 laps
Margin of Victory: 0.554 sec
Lead changes: 30
Percent of race run under caution: 16.9%
Average green flag run: 17.6 laps
References
Sony HD 500
Sony HD 500
NASCAR races at Auto Club Speedway
Yevhen Falkovskyi (born February 5, 1982) is a Ukrainian footballer who plays with FC Khleborob Nyzhni Torhai in the Ukrainian Football Amateur League.
Career
Ukraine
Falkovskyi began his career in 2001 with FC Inter Boyarka in the Ukrainian Second League. Throughout his time in the Second League he played with FC Systema-KKhP Cherniakhiv, FC Elektrometalurh-NZF Nikopol, MFC Mykolaiv, FC Zhitichi, FC Enerhiya Yuzhnoukrainsk, and FC Enerhiya Nova Kakhovka. In 2011, he played in the Ukrainian First League with FC Krymteplytsia Molodizhne. He returned to the Ukrainian Second League in 2012 with FC UkrAhroKom Holovkivka, but secured promotion the following season. He later played with FC Myr Hornostayivka, and FC Krystal Kherson.
Canada & Ukraine
In 2017, he played abroad in the Canadian Soccer League with FC Ukraine United. In his debut season he assisted FC Ukraine in achieving a perfect season, and contributed a goal in winning the Second Division Championship. While in his second year he assisted in securing the First Division title. In 2019, he returned to Ukraine to play in the Ukrainian Football Amateur League with FC Khleborob Nyzhni Torhai.
Honors
FC UkrAhroKom Holovkivka
Ukrainian Second League: 2012-2013
FC Ukraine United
CSL II Championship: 2017
Canadian Soccer League First Division: 2018
References
External links
Ukrainian footballers
Living people
1982 births
FC Inter Boyarka players
FC Elektrometalurh-NZF Nikopol players
MFC Mykolaiv players
FC Enerhiya Yuzhnoukrainsk players
FC Enerhiya Nova Kakhovka players
FC Krymteplytsia Molodizhne players
FC UkrAhroKom Holovkivka players
FC Myr Hornostayivka players
FC Krystal Kherson players
FC Ukraine United players
Canadian Soccer League (2006–present) players
Association football forwards
Ukrainian First League players
Ukrainian Second League players
Robbins Nunatak () is a conspicuous nunatak 8 nautical miles (15 km) northeast of Mount Gorecki in the Schmidt Hills portion of the Neptune Range, Pensacola Mountains. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1956–66, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Edward J. Robbins, an aerographer at Ellsworth Station, winter 1958.
Nunataks of Queen Elizabeth Land
Full name: François Simond.
Gender: Male.
Height: 183 cm (6 ft 0 in).
Weight: 87 kg (192 lb).
Born: 27 September 1969 in Grenoble, Isère, France.
Affiliations: Skiclub Douanes, Haute Savoie.
Country: FRA France.
Sport: Alpine Skiing .
François Simond (born 27 September 1969) is a French former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics and 1998 Winter Olympics.
External links
1969 births
Living people
French male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of France
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Universiade medalists in alpine skiing
Universiade silver medalists for France
Competitors at the 1993 Winter Universiade
The Nanny () is a 1999 Italian drama film directed by Marco Bellocchio. It was entered into the 1999 Cannes Film Festival.
Cast
Fabrizio Bentivoglio - Prof. Mori
Valeria Bruni Tedeschi - Vittoria Mori
Maya Sansa - Annetta
Jacqueline Lustig - Maddalena
Pier Giorgio Bellocchio - Nardi
Gisella Burinato
Elda Alvigini - Lena
Eleonora Danco - Patient
Fabio Camilli - Broker
Michele Placido - Belli Estate Patient
References
External links
1999 films
1999 drama films
Italian drama films
1990s Italian-language films
Films based on works by Luigi Pirandello
Films directed by Marco Bellocchio
Films based on short fiction
1990s Italian films
Sarah Gott is an American winemaker.
Personal life and education
Gott originally attended the University of California, Davis with the intention of studying veterinary medicine. With a long time love for food and wine, she opted to study in enology instead at the University. She received her Bachelor of Science in fermentation science in 1993. She is married to winemaker Joel Gott. They have three children. She enjoys participating in triathlons.
Career
After graduation, Gott interned at Joseph Phelps Winery located in St. Helena, California, Gloria Ferrer in Sonoma, California, and Wirra Wirra in Australia. She completed these internships in three years. While at Joseph Phelps, she was mentored by Craig Williams and worked in the winery labs as an assistant enologist. She became assistant winemaker at Joseph Phelps in 1994. In 2002, she became head winemaker. In 2004, she started working as the first full-time winemaker at Quintessa Wine. Gott left Phelps, where she was responsible for producing 90,000 cases of various wines each year, to create a small batch of wine at Quintessa, totaling 10,000 cases.
Two years later, in 2004, she started working as winemaker at Oakville East Wine Company. She has provided consulting services for Clif Family Winery and Blackbird Vineyards. The first Merlot she created for Blackbird Vineyards, a 2003 Merlot, was awarded 95-points from Vintrust. Today, Gott serves as Director of Winemaking at Joel Gott Wines, which she co-runs with her husband, winemaker Joel Gott.
References
External links
Official website
Oenologists
University of California, Davis alumni
American winemakers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
P.başören, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Indalecio Liévano Aguirre (24 July 1917 – 29 March 1982) was a Colombian politician and diplomat, who as the 17th Permanent Representative of Colombia to the United Nations served as the 33rd President of the United Nations General Assembly in 1978. He also served as Colombia's Minister of Foreign Affairs and Minister Plenipotentiary to Cuba.
See also
Liévano–Brutus treaty
References
1917 births
1982 deaths
People from Bogotá
Presidential Designates of Colombia
Foreign ministers of Colombia
Permanent Representatives of Colombia to the United Nations
Ambassadors of Colombia to Cuba
Colombian economists
20th-century Colombian historians
Colombian political scientists
Colombian Liberal Party politicians
Members of the Chamber of Representatives of Colombia
Members of the Senate of Colombia
Presidents of the United Nations General Assembly
20th-century Colombian lawyers
Broughton Gifford Halt was a small railway station serving Broughton Gifford in Wiltshire, England, opened in 1905 for the newly introduced steam railcar service between and .
The halt was southeast of the village at the Mill Lane bridge, near the road between Melksham and Bradford-on-Avon; it was closed in 1955 but the line remains open.
References
Disused railway stations in Wiltshire
Former Great Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1905
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1955
Jaeda Daniel is an American tennis player.
Daniel currently plays college tennis at North Carolina State. In 2022 Daniel and doubles partner Nell Miller became the first NC State players to win the NCAA Division I Women's Doubles Championship.
Daniels earned All-American honors in both singles and doubles in 2022, and was named the 2022 ITA Most Improved Senior
ITF Finals
Singles
Doubles
External links
References
Living people
American female tennis players
21st-century American women
NC State Wolfpack women's tennis players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Birthright is an American comic book series written by Joshua Williamson and drawn by Andrei Bressan, announced July 14, 2014 and released October 8, 2014. This monthly comic book series is produced by Skybound Entertainment and published by Image Comics.
When asked about where the idea for Birthright came from, Williamson says, "Destiny. I thought a lot about life and life goals. What do you do after you get what you want. If you set a big goal and then accomplish it… what happens next. Again, when I would watch movies, or TV shows, I always found myself interested in what came after."
In January 2018, Skybound Entertainment and Universal Pictures announced that a feature film adaptation was underway being headed up by Cinco Paul and Ken Daurio.
Plot
Days before his surprise birthday party, young Mikey Rhodes goes missing. No one is sure what happened — his father is accused of murder, his mother breaks down at the realization of her deepest fears, and his older brother watches as his family falls to pieces. All seems to be lost for the Rhodes until Mikey's miraculous return one year later.
But something is different; Mikey is back, but he's not the same boy they once knew. He's returned as an adult, having ventured into another world called Terrenos and being raised as a warrior, a savior. Filled with an extraordinary purpose, Mikey is now on a path to fulfilling a destiny larger, darker, and more dangerous than his family can imagine. Can Mikey be fully trusted? What happened in Terrenos, and what horrors have followed him back?
References
External links
Official Birthright Website
Skybound Entertainment's official homepage
Image Comics homepage
2014 comics debuts
Image Comics titles
Frederik Jacques "Frits" Philips (16 April 1905 – 5 December 2005) was the fourth chairman of the board of directors of the Dutch electronics company Philips, which his uncle and father founded. For his actions in saving 382 Jews during the Nazi Occupation of the Netherlands in World War II, he was recognized in 1996 by Yad Vashem as a Righteous Among the Nations.
Early life and education
Frits Philips was born in the city of Eindhoven in the south of the Netherlands. The second child, he was the only son of Anton Philips and his wife Anne Henriëtte Elisabeth Maria de Jongh. His father was of Dutch Jewish origin, as well as the co-founder when in 1912 they incorporated the family business. Frits had an older sister named Annetje and a younger sister named Jettie. Their grandfather Frederik Philips was a first cousin of Karl Marx.
In 1923, Philips started his studies at the Delft University of Technology; he received an engineer's degree in mechanical engineering in 1929. He was introduced to the Oxford Group in 1934, the Christian movement that was the forerunner of Moral Re-Armament (MRA) and Initiatives of Change (IofC).
Marriage and family
The Oxford Group was a lifelong source of inspiration to him and his wife. On 4 July 1929 in The Hague, he married Sylvia, Jonkvrouw van Lennep (The Hague, 16 December 1905 – Eindhoven, 29 August 1992), daughter of Jonkheer Roelof van Lennep (Wiesbaden, 3 October 1876 – The Hague, 13 September 1951), and wife Digna Jacoba Mijer (b. Batavia, 28 March 1883). The couple had seven children: Digna Hintzen-Philips (14 September 1930 - 7 February 2018, who married Peter Hintzen and has Herman-Frederik and Rein), Anton Frederik (Ton) (b. 12 March 1932 who married Johanna Charlotte Daneel and had Frits, Joey and Karel), Anne Jetje (Annejet) Campbell-Philips (14 October 1933 - 1 March 2007, who married Paul Campbell and had Edith Anne and Digna), Sylvia Dutterloo-Philips (6 December 1936 – 13 June 1988, married to Herbert van Werkhoven and had Sylvia and Harro, later married Anton Dutterloo), Warner (b. Eindhoven, 6 August 1938 - 14 May 2022, who married Cornelia Clara (Nel) de Graaf and had Liz and Maria), Frederik (Frits) (b. 10 April 1940, who married Christine Bosschaart and had Christine, Tony, Warner and Annejet, later married Els van Slingelandt) and Maria Philips-Moniz (b. 23 April 1947 who married Hans Schouten and had Jan, Marileen and Pieter, later married Allan Moniz and had Mark).
Career
On 18 October 1935, Frits Philips was appointed vice-director and a member of the board of Philips.
Learning of the expected occupation of the Netherlands by Nazi Germany in World War II in 1940, his father Anton Philips, young nephew Frans Otten, and other Philips family members escaped from the Netherlands and fled to the United States, taking company capital with them. Frits Philips stayed in the Netherlands. Together they managed to keep the company alive during the war.
From 30 May until 20 September 1943, Philips was held in the concentration camp Vught because of a strike at the Philips factory. During the Occupation, Philips saved the lives of 382 Jews by convincing the Nazis that they were indispensable for the production process at Philips. In 1996, he was recognized by Yad Vashem as among the Righteous Among the Nations for his actions.
In 1961, Philips succeeded Frans Otten as president of the company. He served in this position for 10 years; in 1971 he was succeeded by .
At the age of 100, on 5 December 2005, Philips died from complications resulting from a fall in November.
Aviation
European business aviation emerged with the rebuilding of the continent following the end of Second World War. It was aided, in part, by an appreciation of the recently proven versatility of aviation and the availability of former military aircraft, crew and airfields.
Following the end of hostilities, company executives saw the potential in this adaptable and available means of transport, facilitating visits to production and administration centers quickly. This was the genesis of corporate flight departments. As chairman of one of Europe's burgeoning conglomerates, Philips was amongst the first to establish a flight department with the acquisition of a Beechcraft Super G18 (registered PH-LPS), creating Philips Vliegdienst.
Over the years, the flight department grew to include Dassault Falcons, Fokker F27s, and Beechcraft King Airs. Appreciating the growing importance and potential of corporate aviation, Frits Philips established the International Business Aviation Association (Europe) in 1977. Initially based in Eindhoven and consisting of 12 founding Members, the association grew into the EBAA (European Business Aviation Association), which hosts the annual European Business Aviation Conference and Exhibition (EBACE) in Genève.
Frits Philips' legacy to Dutch aviation was not solely focused on corporate aviation. He was also instrumental in the construction of the civilian Terminal building and Eindhoven Airport.
Mr. Frits
Frits Philips was immensely popular in Eindhoven. The citizens of Eindhoven commonly referred to him as "Meneer Frits" (Mister Frits). Frits made no class difference between factory workers and members of the board of directors: he was often seen chatting to the factory workers, which contributed to his popularity.
His hundredth birthday in 2005 was celebrated on a large scale in his home city of Eindhoven, which was renamed Frits Philips Stad (Frits Philips City) for the occasion. The city minted a special coin that bears the nickname "Fritske". The yearly Lichtjesroute event honoured him that year by placing a picture of him highlighted along the route (see right).
At the age of 100, Frits Philips frequently visited the home football matches of PSV. He did not use the stadium's business lounge; instead he sat in the crowd — section D, row 22, seat 43. The administration of PSV has announced that this seat will remain empty as a memorial for their faithful supporter. The night he died, supporters paid their tribute in a minute's silence for their "Mr. Frits" prior to the match (PSV-Fenerbahçe 2-0, 6-12-2005).
A glossy magazine targeted at Eindhoven is named "Frits" in his honor.
The Muziekgebouw Frits Philips concert hall is named after him, the restaurant located in the building is named "Meneer Frits".
Evoluon
In 1966 the company Philips celebrated its 75th anniversary. For this occasion, Frits Philips wanted to give the people of Eindhoven a beautiful gift to support education. The result was a building named Evoluon, based on a sketch which he made on a paper napkin. The Evoluon was used as an educational centre for science and technology.
In 1989 the city closed the Evoluon to the public and adapted it for use as a conference centre, much to Philips' regret. In the last years of his life, he tried to raise interest to restore the Evoluon and return it to public uses for the citizens of Eindhoven.
The Caux Round Table
In 1986, Frits Philips launched the Caux Round Table (CRT) group of senior European, Japanese and American business executives. Alarmed to hear that the Japanese were dumping their products on the western market, he feared a growing trade war. He saw the need to build trust among international executives and for Corporate Social Responsibility practices. The CRT's Principles for Business were published in 1994, incorporating western concepts (human dignity...) and Japanese ones (kyosei, interpreted as “living and working together for the common good”). An international code of good practices written by such senior industrialists from such varied backgrounds remains exceptional today. It was presented to the UN Social Summit in Copenhagen in 1994. It has since become a standard work, translated into 12 languages, and has been used as the basis for internal ethical assessments by international companies such as Nissan.
The Philips Collection
A large part of the great art collection famously collected by Mr. and Mrs. Philips was auctioned off on December the 4th and 5th 2006 by Sotheby's in the Evoluon in the city of Eindhoven. The auction catalog included a foreword called "Memories of my father" by Digna Hintzen-Philips, the eldest daughter of Frits Philips. It recalls the passion of collecting works of art and the personal friendship which Frits Philips maintained with the Dutch painters Sierk Schröder, Kees Bol and Henri Bol.
The auction ultimately raised 5.7 million euro. The special collection of tin objects, some of which dated from the Middle Ages attracted much interest. A goblet of the "Voerlieden" guild attributed to Engelbertus Moorrees, master in Nijmegen, with year 1781 engraved, was sold for 36,000 euro. There was also a large collection of Delft tiles, and when it came to the silver objects there was a set of four silver candlesticks by Dirk ten Brink with Amsterdam labels dated from 1718 which went for 108,000 euro.
A panel depicting an enthroned Virgin and Child with an Angel by the "Master of Saint Ildefonso" in the Netherlands, also known as the "Master of the Verbeeck Triptych" was awarded to an American art dealer for 258,400 euro. Among the paintings there was a Dutch 19th-century painting which stood out, depicting a Shepherd with his flock by Anton Mauve. There were also a few rare globes manufactured by Vincenzo Coronelli from around 1696, which together fetched 117,000 euro. Furthermore, a polychrome pottery relic box from Limoges, some statues, jewels and books. In the end more than 300 memorabilia went to auction.
Awards and honours
Frits Philips has received many honorary titles and awards during his life.
1965, he received honorary citizenship of the city of Eindhoven for his "exceptional contributions to the welfare of the citizens of Eindhoven".
1965, he was included in the Dutch royal ranks of Orange-Nassau (rank of commander).
1970, he was knighted as Knight in the Order of the Netherlands Lion. He has also received honorary titles in many countries, including Japan, Spain, Denmark and China. See for a complete list of honours and decorations.
1995, on his 90th birthday, the Muziekgebouw Frits Philips concert hall was named after him.
1996, he was honoured as "Righteous Among the Nations" by the Israeli Holocaust museum, Yad Vashem, for saving the lives of 382 Jewish employees of Philips during World War II.
1999, he was named "Dutch entrepreneur of the century".
2005, on April 5 to mark his 100th birthday, Eindhoven was officially renamed "Frits Philips Stad" for the day.
Notes
References
"Frits Philips (100) overleden", Trouw, December 6, 2005
"Frits Philips" - This obituary first appeared in The Independent, UK, on 7 December 2005.
Site of the Caux Round Table
Further reading
Meneer Frits, the human factor, dr ir F J Philips, by Dorothée F. Foole (in both English and Dutch languages)
Frits Philips 100 by Guus Bekooy (in Dutch language)
Ze zullen weten wie ze voor zich hebben by Marcel Metze (in Dutch language)
45 Years with Philips by Frederik Philips (in both English and Dutch languages)
Biography as published in the Eindhovens Dagblad (Eindhoven Daily) newspaper.
External links
In memoriam Frits Philips
Frits Philips – his activity to save Jews' lives during the Holocaust, at Yad Vashem website
1905 births
2005 deaths
20th-century Dutch businesspeople
21st-century Dutch people
Accidental deaths from falls
Accidental deaths in the Netherlands
Chairmen of Philips
Commanders of the Order of Orange-Nassau
Delft University of Technology alumni
Dutch art collectors
Dutch chief executives in the manufacturing industry
Dutch chief executives in the technology industry
Dutch centenarians
Dutch Righteous Among the Nations
Knights of the Order of the Netherlands Lion
Men centenarians
People from Eindhoven
The Willow Reservoir or Willow Flowage is an artificial lake in Oneida County, Wisconsin formed by a dam on the Tomahawk River. The dam and reservoir level are controlled by the Wisconsin Valley Improvement Company as part of regulating the overall flow of the upper Wisconsin River. When full, Willow Reservoir has a surface area of 6306 acres.
Other major inflows to the Willow Reservoir are the Willow River and Swampsauger Creek.
References
External links
Reservoirs in Wisconsin
Lakes of Oneida County, Wisconsin
Drama is a 2018 Indian Malayalam-language comedy drama film written and directed by Ranjith. The cast was led by Mohanlal, Arundathi Nag, and Asha Sharath, while Kaniha, Shyamaprasad, Subi Suresh, Suresh Krishna, Tini Tom, Niranj S., Johny Antony, Dileesh Pothan, Baiju Santhosh, Shaalin Zoya, and Renji Panicker played supporting roles. The background score of the film was composed by Bijibal, and Vinu Thomas composed a song. Alagappan N. was in charge of the cinematography.
The story is set in a suburb of London. Principal photography took place in May and June 2018 in Ashtead and its neighbourhoods in England. Additional scenes were shot in Kerala and Dubai in July and September. The film was released in Kerala on 7 November 2018 coinciding with Deepavali. The Film received mixed reviews,but a box office failure.
Plot
Rosamma John Chacko (Arundathi Nag) is a widowed mother who has five children Ammini (Subi Suresh), Philip (Suresh Krishna), Benny (Tini Tom), Mercy (Kaniha) and Jomon (Niranj S.). She moves to London with Mercy from her hometown Kattappana. Mercy is a doctor who lives with her husband Dr. Mukundanunni (Shyamaprasad) and her two children. Two weeks after Rosamma comes to London, she dies in sleep. Mercy informs her siblings Ammini, the eldest, a nurse who lives in Canada with her husband Anto (Johny Antony) and her kids; businessman Philip who lives in America with his family; businessman Benny who lives in Australia with his family; and Jomon who lives and is looking for a job in Dubai.
Philip tells Mukundan than they can share the expense of the funeral. Ammini requests Mercy not to take the body to the mortuary. Mukundan's mother also tells him the body should not be kept in the home for too many days. Mukundan contacts a funeral agency run by Dixon Lopez (Dileesh Pothan) partnered with Rajagopal (Mohanlal). Mukundan requests that they find another home or place to keep the body. Eventually, they rent a house for 10 days and takes the body there.
When Mercy's siblings arrive, Dixon and Raju explains their matters and rate. Mukundan agrees to pay the advance and is ready to sign the agreement. The youngest Jomon opposes their decision. He says their mother's last wish was that the funeral must take place in Kattappana beside their late father John Cacko (Thilakan). His siblings except Mercy to oppose his request. An angered Jomon leaves the place and resides in a lodge.
Raju reaches the house where the body is kept. Their worker Podiyan (Baiju Santhosh) leaves for an emergency. He drinks vodka and hallucinates that Rosamma is talking to him. She asks him about his family. Raju tells her that his wife Rekha (Asha Sarath) shut him out of their house because she found out he was sex talking with her friend. Rosamma tells Raju about her last wish to be buried in Kattappana and asks him to help Jomon make the wish fulfilled and to think of her as his mother, and then all his problems will be solved by God.
Raju decides to help Jomon, but all his efforts were wasted. At last, he gets a call from Kunjachayan (Renji Panicker), his friend and a political leader, who agrees to help him. He contacts assistant engineer Balachandran (Jayaraj Warrier) at Kottayam Municipality. Balachandran makes a surprise inspection at the shopping complex that is being constructed by Philip and Benny and gives a stop memo. Philip and Benny are informed of this news by their contractor and told that they should appear before the chairman within two days. Philip and Benny contact Dixon and inform him that they decided to bury their mother in Kattappana. Dixon then demands the balance amount and they can take the body.
They eventually agree to bury the body in London in the morning and leave to Kottayam an afternoon flight. In the meantime, Raju and Jomon forcefully take the body from the rented house to Raju and Rekha's house. Eventually, Rekha understands Raju and forgives him. A flustered Dixon informs the family that the funeral will not happen before 4 PM on the determined day. Philip and Benny decide to leave without attending the funeral. After they leave, Jomon comes and tells the rest that he and Raju did all of this to make their mother's last wish to come true.
He invites Mercy and Mukundan to accompany him. He says that Rosamma has given the house in his name and rips up the document in front of them. He said he is ready to give the house to Ammini if she wants to come. Ammini tearfully agrees to accompany him and they bury Rosamma's body besides their father's catacomb. Raju and Rekha also visit the catacomb. Later, Kunjachayan informs Raju that they lied to Balachandran, but there are real problems in the building's construction.
Cast
Mohanlal as Rajagopal (Raju)
Arundathi Nag as Rosamma John Chacko
Asha Sarath as Rekha
Kaniha as Mercy John Chacko (Kunjumol)
Shyamaprasad as Dr Mukundanunni
Subi Suresh as Ammini
Suresh Krishna as Philip John Chacko (Monichan)
Tini Tom as Benny John Chacko (Bennichan)
Niranj S. as Jomon John Chacko
Johny Antony as Anto
Dileesh Pothan as Dixon Lopez
Baiju Santhosh as Sindhukumar (Podiyan)
Shaalin Zoya as Jessy
Renji Panicker as Kunjachayan aka MLA Thomas Mathew
Thilakan as John Chacko (A Photo Archive)
Sreedevi Unni as Mukundan's Mother
Joy Badlani as Arjun Kulkarni
Harish Nair as Rajagopal's assistant, Harry
Jaffer Idukki as Mathukutty
Jayaraj Warrier as Balachandran
Baby Lara as Mercy's daughter
Master Milan as Mercy's son
Production
Filming
The film began principal photography on 14 May 2018 in London. On the first day of the shoot, Mohanlal, Baiju Santhosh, Tini Tom, Shyamaprasad, Murali Menon, Arundhathi Nag, Kaniha, and Shalin Zoya performed. Mohanlal had allotted 30 days dates for filming. The film crew in England comprised around 60 personnel. For two weeks, the filming was scheduled at Ashtead and Epsom Downs in Surrey, and Maidstone in Kent. Filming was undertaken under the working title RIP. It was unlike the usual practice of Renjith, who name his films prior to filming. For Drama, it was decided two weeks into filming and was announced on 15 June accompanied by a poster. Director M. Padmakumar assisted Renjith in direction and took off after two weeks of filming to work on his new film Joseph; thenceforth, Johny Antony took over his place in addition to acting. Arun Narayanan and Renjith's son Agnivesh worked as assistant directors in the film. Alagappan N. was the cinematographer and actress Chinnu Kuruvilla worked as his main assistant. Bobby Kurian, who owns the company Lilypad Motion Pictures UK, was the film's executive producer in England.
The scene where Mohanlal and Asha Sarath ride a car was shot in front of the hotel Crowne Plaza Heathrow in West Drayton, where the film crew also lodged. Mazda Mount in Ashtead was the major filming area and a bungalow at the locale was set as Rajagopal's residence, where some of the combination scenes of Mohanlal and Asha was shot. The film's crucial scenes were filmed at a villa in Mazda Mount, which was set as the residence of husband and wife Dr. Mukundhanunni and Mercy. The film was mostly shot in locations away from Central London. It was also shot in Leatherhead and Heathrow Airport. A funeral scene was shot in Ashtead on 21 May. By the last weekend of May, the crew was shooting in Tonbridge, Maidstone, at a property named Rianos Wedding & Party Venue, which was transformed into Dixon Lopez funeral home, and filming also occurred outside Margaret Preedy Dance Studios at the same location. Filming in England was completed in 45 days, by late June. The entire story of Drama takes place within 5 days and 95 percent of the film was shot in England. Remaining scenes were shot in Kuttikkanam and Kozhikode in Kerala, India, in early July. Mohanlal, Nag, and Renji Panicker acted in this part. Later, filming was also held in Dubai, where it was wrapped on 24 September 2018.
Music
The background score of the film was composed by Bijibal. The film features the song, "Pandaraand", composed and arranged by Vinu Thomas, written by B. K. Harinarayanan and sung by Mohanlal. The song is around 3 minutes long and is distributed by the label Satyam Audios.
Release
Drama was released in Kerala on 1 November 2018 on the day of Kerala Piravi.
References
External links
2010s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Ranjith
Films with screenplays by Ranjith
Indian comedy-drama films
Indian family films
Films shot in London
Films shot in Surrey
Films set in Surrey
Films shot in Kent
Films shot in Kozhikode
Films shot in Dubai
Films about funerals
2018 comedy-drama films
UGC 6945 (also known as Arp 194) is a trio of interacting galaxies. The highly disrupted galaxy to the northwest is actually two galaxies in the advanced stages of merger, and has an angular size of . About 40″ to the southeast is a third galaxy with an angular size of .
Based upon a radial velocity of about 10,500 km s−1, the interacting pair of galaxies at the northwest are located at a distance of from us (assuming a Hubble constant value of ). If we further assume that the third galaxy lies at the same distance away from us, we find that the galaxies are separated by a projected linear distance of roughly , though later findings from Hubble may cast this assumption into doubt (see below)
As the pair of galaxies in the north gravitationally interact with each other, tidally-stripped gas from both galaxies is draped over the southern galaxy as a series of blobs, which are fueling a burst of star formation. While it has long been believed to be interacting with the northern galaxy, images from the Hubble Space Telescope clearly show that this stream of material is actually superimposed on the southern galaxy. This suggests that this third galaxy may actually lie in the background. Due to this uncertainty, the third galaxy may not be involved in the interaction.
See also
List of Hubble anniversary images
References
External links
Spiral galaxies
Interacting galaxies
6945
194
Ursa Major (constellation)
Shangqing () is a town under the county-level city of Guixi, in the municipal region of Yingtan, Jiangxi. , it has 10 villages under its administration.
It is a small stop on a major railroad - the Fuzhou branch line from the Yingtan junction on the Nanchang—Shanghai line. Most visitors will be touring the nearby Mount Longhu, a Daoist holy mountain.
Cultural interest
Shangqing features Han dynasty temples associated with Zhang Daoling, a founder of Daoism. The town is mentioned in the beginning of the classic Yuan dynasty novel Water Margin.
References
See also
Shangqing School
Township-level divisions of Jiangxi
Guixi
Alexandra Rickham (born 11 September 1981) is a British Paralympic sailor.
Personal life
Rickham was born on 11 September 1981 in Kingston, Jamaica.
She is a tetraplegic athlete who became disabled as a result of a shallow diving accident in 1995.
Sailing
Rickham competed in the 2008 Paralympic Sailing Competition in the SKUD 18 two person keelboat class, where she finished in fifth place. In 2011 following back to back IFDS World Championship wins she was shortlisted by the International Sailing Federation for the ISAF World Sailor of the Year Awards.
Rickham was selected to represent Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Paralympics held in London, United Kingdom. She competed in the SKUD 18 - 2 person keelboat events, alongside teammate Niki Birrell. The duo started strongly, winning two of the first five races, but form slipped slightly in the later races but their performance was still good enough to win the bronze medal.
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Paralympic sailors of Great Britain
British female sailors (sport)
Sportspeople from Kingston, Jamaica
Sailors at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
British sailors
Sailors at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic bronze medalists for Great Britain
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Sailors at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Team Bath Paralympic athletes
Paralympic medalists in sailing
Henry Aloysius Gogarty was an Irish priest in the Holy Ghost Fathers, who served in Eastern Africa, becoming a bishop.
Born in County Cavan, Ireland, on 9 September in 1884, Gogarty went to Rockwell College taking exams in the Royal University of Ireland joining the Holy Ghost order he went to the novitiate at Chevilly near Paris and was ordained at Paris in 1914 and was appointed to Zanzibar.
In 1923 Gogarty was appointed vicar apostolic to Kilimanjaro (now the Diocese of Moshi) and titular bishop Themiscyra, he was ordained a bishop in 1924 in Cobh, Co. Cork. In 1927 he was responsible for the foundation of the Congregation of Our Lady of Kilimanjaro.
Gogarty was treated at the Montana Sanatorium of the Congregation for his tuberculosis.
Gogarty returned in frail health to Montana, where he died on 8 December 1931.
Henry Gogarty secondary school in Arusha, Tanzania is named in his honor.
Publications
In the Land of the Kikuyus by Rev. Henry Aloysius Gogarty C.S.Sp., M.H. Gill & Son, 1920.
Kilima-njaro: An East-African Vicariate, by Rev. Henry Aloysius Gogarty, New York : Society for the Propagation of the Faith, 1927.
References
1884 births
1931 deaths
People from County Cavan
Holy Ghost Fathers
20th-century Irish Roman Catholic priests
Alumni of the Royal University of Ireland
People educated at Rockwell College
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Tanzania
Roman Catholic bishops of Moshi
The following is a list of novels based on video games.
English novels
German novels
Japanese novels
References
Video game culture
Video games
Video games
Lists of works based on video games
Rudi Lissau, born 26 June 1911 in Vienna and died 30 January 2004 in Brookthorpe, United Kingdom, was a Steiner school teacher, author, lecturer and anthroposophist.
Biography
Rudolf Lissau's parents were both of Jewish origin but had become students of Rudolf Steiner and founded, together with an uncle, the Viennese branch of the Theosophical Society as a forum for his work in Vienna. Rudolf Steiner visited the family in their home from time to time. Rudi was impressed by the obvious awe in which his parents held Steiner and from the age of sixteen began to study Anthroposophy. From the time he completed school and began his studies at the university, he was a member of the “Vienna Youth Group” of gifted, young people, predominantly from assimilated Jewish backgrounds, who came together to study Rudolf Steiner's works. The focal point of this group became, after he arrived in Vienna, Dr Karl Koenig, whose drive and idealism led them to agree to set up and work together in some common initiative.
After obtaining his PhD, Rudi took a position teaching in a school for the blind. On the day Hitler's armies occupied Austria in 1938, Rudi Lissau, who, like most of the other members of the group, had laid his plans, left Austria for Britain. One of the few who did not go with them was his sister, who decided to throw in her lot with the Jewish people and did not survive the war. Rudi was the only one of the group that had made it to England who did not join with Dr Koenig in the founding of Camphill, though he remained on terms of intimate friendship with all of them.
In London, Rudi began once again to work in a school for the blind until, like other enemy aliens, he was interned on the Isle of Man. His wife Hedda, also from Vienna, found him a post at the recently founded Wynstones School in Gloustershire and so obtained his release. He determined to make a success of this although he had never taught seeing children or applied the Steiner methods in his teaching – and he ended up staying for forty years. It was he that built up the high school at Wynstones and taught History, Geography, Latin, Greek, German and Music, being himself an accomplished pianist. He conducted hikes and ski tours with his students and encouraged their love of the countryside.
Though he greatly valued life in Britain, he never lost his love for his home in Austria or his gratitude for the outstanding classical education he had received in Vienna. He met and conferred with Viktor Frankl and Ludwig Wittgenstein who both made a deep impression on him and stimulated his profound interest for contemporary issues that were the basis of his extraordinary knowledge and ability to address such a variety of subjects in his teaching and lecturing. Vienna had also given him his background in classical music, his love for the mountains and the landscape that he imparted to his own daughters and the many children in his classes.
It was also in Vienna that he had schooled himself in the ideas of Rudolf Steiner, something that turned into a lifelong study and passion. It was this extensive knowledge and understanding of Steiner's work that led him to his final engagement as the author of several books, a large number of articles and a sought-after lecturer on Anthroposophy all over Europe, North America and New Zealand.
Books
Christian Morgensterns Form- und Sprachkunst (as Rudolf Lissau), Vienna 1936
The Challenge of the Will: Experiences with Young Children by Margaret Meyerkort and Rudi Lissau. * Rudolf Steiner College Press; Revised edition (December 2002)
Rudolf Steiner: His Life, Work, Inner Path and Social Initiatives by Rudi Lissau. Hawthorn Press Ltd; 2nd edition (April 27, 2005)
Rudolf Steiner's Social Intentions by Rudi Lissau. New Economy Publications (December 1996)
Chosen Destiny – article by Rudi Lissau in Judaism and Anthroposophy'' Edited by M. Spiegler and F. Paddock, Anthroposophic Press (September 1, 2003)
References
Anthroposophists
1911 births
2004 deaths
Waldorf education
Ham Hyeong Kyu is a South Korean footballer.
External links
Ham Hyeong Kyu dan Persela Lamongan Parade Gol di Surajaya
1986 births
Living people
South Korean footballers
Expatriate footballers in Indonesia
Home United FC players
Expatriate footballers in Singapore
Singapore Premier League players
Association football forwards
Frederick of Nassau, Lord of Zuylestein (1624–1672) was an illegitimate son of Frederick Henry, Prince of Orange, by Margaretha Catharina Bruyns,
Life
Frederick was born in 1624 out of wedlock to Frederick Henry, Prince of Orange (1584 – 1647) and Margaretha Catharina Bruyns (1595–1625), who was the daughter of Ludolph Bruyns, mayor of Emmerich.
On 15 March 1640, Frederick's father gave him Castle Zuylestein (also spelled Zuylenstein) - situated about twenty miles east of the city of Utrecht, and with it he also gave him the title Lord of Zuylestein (in Dutch: Heer van Zuylestein). Furthermore, he made Frederick captain of infantry for the state.
In 1659, Frederick was made governor of the household of his nephew, William III of Orange. Through lobbying by Johan de Wit, William III became the state's ward in 1666, and Frederick was dismissed. His dismissal was because he was married to an Englishwoman and was under suspicion of pro-English leanings. In April 1672 (the rampjaar) he became general of the infantry and in August he became involved in the murders of Johan and Cornelis de Wit.
Marriage and children
On 16 October 1648, Frederick married Mary Killigrew (born 1627) in The Hague. She was a daughter of Sir William Killigrew (a favourite of Charles I and Charles II of England) and Mary Hill, of Honilay. She was a first cousin of Charles II's illegitimate daughter, the Countess of Yarmouth. She had moved to the Netherlands in February 1644, aged barely seventeen, as a maid of honour to Mary, Princess Royal and Princess of Orange.
Frederick and Mary had two children:
Willem Hendrik van Nassau-Zuylestein, 1st Earl of Rochford, Heer van Zuylestein, Leersum en Waayenstein (1649 – 12 July 1708). He was born at Castle Zuylestein. He became a soldier and diplomat and was a close confidant of his cousin, William III of England, who rewarded him with the titles Earl of Rochford, Viscount Tunbridge and Baron Enfield in 1695.
Hendrik van Nassau-Zuylestein, Heer van Leersum (ca 1650 – 13 November 1673). He died in the siege of Bonn when the troops of the Republic, under the leadership of his cousin William III, conquered Bonn, which resulted in the French supply lines to the troops in the Republic being cut off.
Death
In October 1672 Frederick died near Woerden in a battle with the French known as the Battle of Kruipin.
Half-siblings
Frederick was an illegitimate son of Frederick Henry, Prince of Orange, born to him before he married. Frederick had nine legitimate half-siblings with whom he shared his father. Their mother was his father's wife Amalia of Solms-Braunfels.
William II, Prince of Orange (27 May 16266 November 1650)
Luise Henriette of Nassau (27 December 162718 June 1667)
Henriëtte Amalia of Nassau (26 October 1628December 1628)
Elisabeth of Nassau (4 August 1630)
Isabella Charlotte of Nassau (22 January/28 April 163217 May 1642)
Albertine Agnes of Nassau (9 April 163424 May 1696)
Henriette Catherine of Nassau (10 February 16373 November 1708)
Hendrik Lodewijk of Nassau (30 November 163919 December 1639)
Maria of Nassau (5 September 164217/20 March 1688)
Arms
Frederick used the arms below.
Descendants
Literature
Herbert H. Rowen, The princes of Orange: the stadholders in the Dutch Republic. Cambridge and New York: Cambridge University Press, 1988.
Herbert H. Rowen, The princes of Orange: the stadholders in the Dutch Republic. Cambridge and New York: Cambridge University Press, 2003.
Petrus Johannes Blok, "History of the people of the Netherlands". New York: G. P. Putnam's sons, 1898.
Jonathan I. Israel, "The Dutch Republic: Its Rise, Greatness, and Fall, 1477–1806" Oxford University Press, 1995.
References
1624 births
1672 deaths
Frederick
People from Leersum
People from Utrechtse Heuvelrug
