McClellandville is an unincorporated community in New Castle County, in the U.S. state of Delaware. McClellandville is located at the intersection of Delaware Route 896 and Wedgewood Road, northwest of Newark.
History
A post office called McClellandville was established in 1853, and remained in operation until 1908. The community was named for William McClelland, a pioneer settler.
McClellandville contains two properties listed on the National Register of Historic Places: the Samuel Lindsey House and the Wesley M.E. Church.
References
Unincorporated communities in New Castle County, Delaware
Unincorporated communities in Delaware
Goo is a recently discovered Mande language of the Ivory Coast. It is close to Dan and Tura, but intelligible with neither.
References
Mande languages
Languages of Ivory Coast
Semanga is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The genus was erected by William Lucas Distant in 1884.
Species
Listed alphabetically:
Semenga helena (Röber, 1887) – Helena rededge - found in Banggai and ?Sulawesi
Semanga superba (Druce, 1873) - found in Sumatra, Peninsular Malaya, Singapore, Langkawi, Burma, Mergui, Thailand, Pulau Tioman, Sumatra, Thailand and Vietnam
References
Arhopalini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by William Lucas Distant
Mehboob Ali may refer to:
Mehboob Ali (Uttar Pradeshi politician), Indian politician from the state of Uttar Pradesh.
Mehboob Ali (Rajasthani politician) (1931–2011), Indian politician in Rajasthan
Mehboob Ali (athlete) (born 1990), Pakistani sprinter
Mehboob Ali Kaiser, Indian politician who is a member of the 16th Lok Sabha from the Khagaria constituency (elected 2014)
Maricela González (born 8 December 1968) is a Colombia actress, best known for her role as La Felina on La Doña 2. She is also known for her recurring roles on the television series Pasión prohibida (2013) and En otra piel (2014).
Filmography
Film roles
Television roles
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
21st-century Colombian actresses
20th-century Colombian actresses
Mexican television actresses
Mexican telenovela actresses
Colombian telenovela actresses
Colombian television actresses
The following poll makes up the 1977 NCAA Division I baseball rankings. Collegiate Baseball Newspaper published its first human poll of the top 20 teams in college baseball in 1957, and expanded to rank the top 30 teams in 1961.
Collegiate Baseball
Currently, only the final poll from the 1977 season is available.
References
College baseball rankings in the United States
Name A Game was a DVD (formerly VHS) service provided by the Visual Entertainment Group that allowed fans of Australian rules football to purchase games that they have been interested in from the past, or to collect their club's games from the given season.
Name A Game was originally established as a VHS service in the early 1990s to collect games telecast by Channel Seven in full for future viewing. Initially only about half of all AFL games played were recorded, with games by struggling sides such as Fitzroy, Brisbane and Sydney generally not recorded. From 1996, Name A Game was able to record all AFL games into its “master library”, in which are stored the original VHS versions of each game.
The ABC preserved a total of thirty-eight (a quarter of the total) home-and-away games from its year broadcasting the VFL in 1987 for the Name A Game master library, but Channel Seven did not preserve any of its film of home-and-away games before the sixteenth round of 1990 with the exception of one match between Hawthorn and Geelong in the sixth round of 1989. However, all finals from 1987 to 1990 are available, as are a total of twelve finals from before 1987 that were not destroyed by Channel Seven in the early 1990s. Most of these are from the early 1970s.
Storage
Name A Game's master library is located in South Melbourne, and games which have never been requested on DVD were kept in their original VHS format until a customer ordered them. Games that have already been requested on DVD were copied several times so that there is no need for mastering in case of a future order, and the resultant copies were stored on-site in Richmond. When only one DVD copy remained and a customer made an order of that particular game, Name A Game made further copies so that it did not have to master again from VHS.
References
External links
Official website
Australian Football League
Video production companies
District 54 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes a portion of Deschutes County. The current representative for the district is Democrat Jason Kropf of Bend.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time; therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Deschutes County, Oregon
The 11th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the 343d Fighter Group at Duluth Airport, Minnesota, where it was inactivated on 30 June 1968.
History
World War II
The squadron was activated as the 11th Pursuit Squadron at Selfridge Field, Michigan in January 1941 as one of the original squadrons of the 50th Pursuit Group. It trained with Vultee BT-13 Valiant and second-line Seversky P-35 Guardsman pursuit fighters at Selfridge. In September, the squadron moved to Key Field, Mississippi, where it equipped with Curtiss P-40 Warhawks.
Shortly after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, the 11th was dispatched to Elmendorf Field to reinforce the defenses of Alaska against Japanese attack, departing on 19 December. The urgency of the need for reinforcements in Alaska was so great that the squadron was picked even though its pilots were untrained on the flight conditions they could expect to experience in Alaska. Two weeks elapsed before the planes reached the Sacramento Air Depot for winterization, and at the end of the month when the 11th was officially located at Elmendorf, none of its planes had left McClellan Field. Bad weather delayed necessary test flights and caused the loss of some of the squadron's Warhawks. The first plane finally left California on 1 January 1942. The lack of adequate landing fields en route, poor communications, and pilot inexperience further delayed the squadron's movement. By 25 January only 13 of the 11th's twenty-five P-40s were at Elmendorf in flyable condition and six others had been lost during the movement.
After the Japanese invasion of the Aleutians in June 1942, the squadron was engaged in combat operations 1942–1943, equipped with Warhawks and long-range Lockheed P-38 Lightnings for offensive operations against Japanese fortifications on Attu and Kiska; took part in the liberation of Attu, 1943. It remained in the Aleutian for the balance of the war, inactivating on Shemya in August 1946, when its personnel and equipment were transferred to the 64th Fighter Squadron.
Air Defense Command
It was reactivated in December 1952 as part of Air Defense Command, replacing the federalized 179th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron of the Minnesota Air National Guard 179th FIS flying F-51D Mustangs. In the fall of 1953 the unit transitioned into jet F-89D Scorpions and later the F-102 Delta Dagger. In June 1960 the 11th FIS transitioned into F-106 Delta Darts which it flew until September 1968 when it was inactivated. On 22 October 1962, before President John F. Kennedy told Americans that missiles were in place in Cuba, the squadron dispersed one third of its force, equipped with nuclear tipped missiles to Volk Field at the start of the Cuban Missile Crisis. These planes returned to Duluth after the crisis.
Upon inactivation, the squadron's mission personnel, and F-106s were transferred to the 87th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron at Duluth IAP.
Lineage
Constituted as the 11th Pursuit Squadron (Interceptor) on 20 November 1940
Activated on 15 January 1941
Redesignated 11th Fighter Squadron on 15 May 1942
Inactivated on 15 August 1946
Redesignated 11th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron on 10 October 1952
Activated on 1 December 1952
Inactivated on 30 June 1968
Redesignated 11th Tactical Air Support Squadron
Activated c. 16 July 1991
Inactivated c. 20 August 1993
Assignments
50th Pursuit Group, 15 January 1941
Western Theater of Operations, 30 December 1941
Attached to Provisional Interceptor Command, Alaska, 2 January 1942
28th Composite Group, 2 February 1942
XI Fighter Command, 7 June 1942
343d Fighter Group, 11 September 1942 – 15 August 1946
31st Air Division, 1 December 1952
515th Air Defense Group, 16 February 1953
343d Fighter Group, 18 August 1955 – 30 June 1968
11th Air Control Wing, c. 16 July 1991 – c. 20 August 1993
Stations
Selfridge Field, Michigan, 15 January 1941
Key Field, Mississippi, 3 October – 19 December 1941
Elmendorf Field, Alaska, 29 December 1941
Detachment at Fort Randall Army Air Field, Alaska, 25 May-c. 1 September 1942
Detachment at Fort Glenn Army Air Base, Alaska, 26 May–June 1942
Fort Glenn Army Air Base, Alaska, June 1942
Adak Army Air Base, Alaska, c. 20 February 1943
Detachment at: Amchitka Army Air Field, Alaska, 27 March-c. 17 May 1943, and C. 23 March 1944 – 20 July 1945
Shemya Army Air Field, Alaska, 11 August 1945 – 15 August 1946
Duluth International Airport, 1 December 1952 – 30 June 1968
Eielson Air Force Base Alaska, c. 16 July 1991 – c. 20 August 1993
Aircraft
Seversky P-35 Guardsman, 1941
Curtiss P-36 Hawk, 1941–1942
Curtiss P-40 Warhawk, 1941–1945
Lockheed P-38 Lightning, 1943–1946
North American F-51D Mustang, 1952–1953
North American F-86D Sabre, 1953–1955
Northrop F-89 Scorpion, 1955–1956
Convair F-102 Delta Dagger, 1956–1960
Convair F-106 Delta Dart, 1960–1968
Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II, (1991-1993)
See also
References
Notes
Bibliography
McMullen, Richard F. (1964) "The Fighter Interceptor Force 1962-1964" ADC Historical Study No. 27, Air Defense Command, Ent Air Force Base, CO (Confidential, declassified 22 March 2000)
NORAD/CONAD Participation in the Cuban Missile Crisis, Historical Reference Paper No. 8, Directorate of Command History Continental Air Defense Command, Ent AFB, CO, 1 Feb 63 (Top Secret NOFORN declassified 9 March 1996)
External links
(Profile of 11th Fighter Squadron P-38 pilot)
(Chronology includes 1957 Bendix Trophy information)
(1957 Bendix Race information)
(Includes losses by the 343d while at Duluth IAP)
(Information on museum P-40 in markings of the 11th Fighter Squadron)
(Artwork "Victory Over Kiska" P-40 victory with accompanying article)
(Artwork "Tigers in the Valley" by Jack Fellows, 11th Fighter Squadron P-40s with accompanying description)
(Several profiles of 11th Fighter Squadron P-40s and information on group commander, John S. Chennault, son of Claire Chennault)
(Information on P-40 restored in markings of 11th Fighter Squadron commander)
011
Henry Southworth Allen (born 1941 in Summit, New Jersey) is an American Pulitzer Prize-winning critic, journalist, poet, and artist.
Biography
Education
Allen obtained his degree in English and art at Hamilton College and Montgomery College.
Career
Allen began his painting and drawing in the late 1960s.
He was a stationed in Vietnam in the mid-1960s as a U.S. Marine.
Allen was a critic for The New York Review of Books and worked on staff for the New Haven Register. As a staff writer for the Style section, he worked at The Washington Post for 39 years. In 1975, he was awarded a NEH Journalism Fellowship at the University of Michigan. He left The Washington Post in 2009 after an altercation with a fellow staffer (although he had already announced his resignation and was planning on leaving a few weeks later).
Allen then began teaching courses in cultural analysis in the University of Maryland honors program.
Allen had solo shows in June 2009 at Strathmore Hall and in August 2012 at the Chebeague Island Library.
Awards and honors
Allen was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Criticism in 2000 for his writings in The Washington Post on photography.
Appearances
He appeared on the Colbert Report, February 2, 2010.
Bibliography
Fool's Mercy (Houghton Mifflin, 1984) — thriller novel
Going Too Far Enough: American Culture at Century's End (Smithsonian, 1994) — collection of Washington Post columns
The Museum of Lost Air: Poems (Dryad Press, 1998)
What It Felt Like: Living in the American Century (Pantheon Books, October 2000)
Where We Lived: Essays on Places (Mandel Vilar Press, 2017)
References
External links
Pulitzer Prize for Criticism winners
Living people
Hamilton College (New York) alumni
1941 births
University of Michigan fellows
20th-century American journalists
American male journalists
The National Association for Chicana and Chicano Studies (NACCS) is "the academic organization that serves academic programs, departments and research centers that focus on issues pertaining to Mexican Americans, Chicana/os, and Latina/os." Unlike many professional academic associations, NACCS "rejects mainstream research, which promotes an integrationist perspective that emphasizes consensus, assimilation, and legitimization of societal institutions. NACCS promotes research that directly confronts structures of inequality based on class, race and gender privileges in U.S. society." The association is based in San Jose, California.
History
NACCS was formed in 1972 in San Antonio, Texas, when attendees of the yearly meeting of the Southwestern Social Science Association discussed "the need for a national association of Chicana/o scholar activists." Discussants proposed the foundation of a National Caucus of Chicano Social Scientists (NCCSS). The NCCSS held its first meeting in New Mexico, chaired by Jaime Sena-Rivera, in May 1973 to discuss the organization's structure, ideology, and to set up a coordinating committee. Approximately fifty Chicano scholars were at this first meeting. At another meeting at the University of California, Irvine in November of the same year, the organization was officially named the National Association of Chicano Social Scientists (NACSS).
NACSS became a place for Chicana/o scholars to share their work, research and help establish Chicana/o studies in higher education. By 1975, it was still the only "national gathering of faculty, students and researchers specifically focusing on Chicano Studies and research."
In 1976, members voted to rename the organization National Association for Chicano Studies (NACS). By 1977, the NACS was considered a very successful organization that was able to manage the growth of Chicana/o studies.
In 1995, the organization was again renamed. Members chose the name National Association for Chicana and Chicano Studies "in recognition of the critical contribution and role of Chicanas in the association."
Structure
The association is led by a coordinating committee made up of representatives from nine regional "focos" and the chairs of 8 caucuses. The coordinating committee selects a national coordinator, secretary, and treasurer from among its ranks. In 2006, the membership began electing a chair, secretary, treasurer and three at-large representatives to the coordinating committee. The coordinating committee, reorganized as the national board, established a subgroup called "Research Divisions." In 2010 the divisions were voted out of the association.
Activities
NACCS hosts an annual conference at which scholars present research papers from the social sciences, humanities, and other fields of study. The first such conference was held in Irvine in 1974, and was titled "Action Research: Community Control." Today, conferences attract from 500 to 1000 participants and as many as 90-110 panels.
The association also awards an annual "NACCS Scholar Award," which is intended to honor a lifetime of accomplishment in the field of Chicano and Chicana studies. Notable past recipients include Carey McWilliams, Américo Paredes, Julián Samora, Tomás Rivera, Rodolfo Acuña, and Gloria Anzaldúa.
Each foco and caucus also has a listserve to keep members updated about association activities.
Publications
On its website, NACCS publishes a web-based Directory of Chicana/o, Latina/o, and Latin American Studies Program, Research and Policy Centers, a regionally-indexed list. It also publishes the proceedings of its annual conferences, a quarterly newsletter,
References
External links
Official site
1972 establishments in Texas
Professional associations based in the United States
Hispanic and Latino American organizations
Hispanic and Latino American women's organizations
Women in California
Organizations established in 1972
Chicano
The rough-toothed dolphin (Steno bredanensis) is a species of dolphin that can be found in deep warm and tropical waters around the world.
The species was first described by Georges Cuvier in 1823. The genus name Steno, of which this species is the only member, comes from the Greek for 'narrow', referring to the animal's beak — which is a diagnostic characteristic of the species. The specific name honours van Breda, who studied Cuvier's writings. There are no recognised subspecies.
Taxonomy
This species was formerly classified in the now-defunct subfamily Stenoninae, but more recent evidence has found that, despite its prominent bill, it in fact belongs with the blunt-nosed dolphins in the subfamily Globicephalinae.
Description
The rough-toothed dolphin is a relatively large species, with adults ranging from in length, and weighing between ; males are larger than females. Its most visible characteristic feature is its conical head and slender nose; other dolphins either have a shorter snout or a more visibly bulging melon on the forehead. As the common name for the species implies, the teeth are also distinctive, having a roughened surface formed by numerous narrow irregular ridges. They have been reported to have between nineteen and twenty-eight teeth in each quarter of the jaw. The rough-toothed dolphins jaw on the outside is very distinct. The color of the lower jaw is usually white, but can have a hint of pink mixed in.
The flippers are set back further along the body than in other similar dolphins, although, at sea this dolphin may be confused with spinner, spotted and bottlenose dolphins. The dorsal fin is pronounced, being from in height. The animal's flanks are a light gray, while the back and dorsal fin are a much darker gray. Older individuals often have distinctive pinkish, yellow, or white markings around the mouth and along the underside.
Population and distribution
The distribution and population of the rough-toothed dolphin is poorly understood. They inhabit the Pacific, Atlantic, and Indian Oceans, and in the Mediterranean Sea, in warm temperate to tropical waters, with occasional reports from cooler environments. Rough-toothed dolphins can also bee seen regularly in locations stretching from the Windward Islands to Cape Verde, but only a small handful have been seen in Azores and Madeira. Live sightings are almost universally made far off-shore, beyond the continental shelf, in water at least deep.
Most of the research activity concerning the dolphin has been directed in the eastern Pacific, where a population estimate of 150,000 was obtained by researchers in the 1980s. Fossils belonging to the genus Steno are known from Europe and date to the early to mid-Pliocene.
In the Mediterranean Sea, the species was once considered to be visiting from North Atlantic until recent findings revealed that there is a small but resident population in the eastern part of the sea.
Behaviour and diet
Rough-toothed dolphins are typically social animals, although solitary individuals are also sighted. An average group has between ten and twenty members, but they can vary from as few as two to as many as ninety. Such groups are thought to be temporary assemblages, composed of smaller, more permanent groups of two to eight closely related individuals that occasionally join together with others. They have also been reported to school together with other species of dolphin, and with pilot whales, false killer whales, and humpback whales.
Rough-toothed dolphins have been reported to bow-ride on a number of occasions, although apparently they do not do so as frequently as many other dolphin species. They do, however, commonly "skim", by swimming with their heads and chin above the surface of the water. They are known to be able to dive to at least and be able to stay underwater for at least fifteen minutes. Their echolocation clicks are unusually brief, lasting no more than 0.2 seconds, and have a relatively low frequency, ranging from 2.7 to 256 kHz, with a maximum peak frequency of 25 kHz. They also make longer whistles with a frequency between 3 and 12 kHz.
Although details of their diet are sketchy, the stomach contents of stranded dolphins have included such fish such as silversides, sauries, houndfish, smelts, cutlassfish, and various squid and octopuses. Predators on rough-toothed dolphins are thought to include killer whales and sharks.
Reproduction
Rough-toothed dolphins give birth to a single young, after an unknown period of gestation; it is also unknown whether or not they have a distinct breeding season. The young are about long at birth, and grow rapidly for the first five years of life. Females reach sexual maturity somewhere between six and ten years of age, and males between five and ten years.
Conservation
The population is not believed to be threatened by human activities. A small number of individuals have been harpooned by Japanese whalers and pods are also slaughtered in the Taiji drive hunts. Others have been caught in seine nets by trawlers fishing for tuna. Less than a dozen rough-toothed dolphins live in dolphinaria around the world. The rough-toothed dolphin is covered by the Agreement on the Conservation of Small Cetaceans of the Baltic, North East Atlantic, Irish and North Seas (ASCOBANS) and the Agreement on the Conservation of Cetaceans in the Black Sea, Mediterranean Sea and Contiguous Atlantic Area (ACCOBAMS). The species is further included in the Memorandum of Understanding Concerning the Conservation of the Manatee and Small Cetaceans of Western Africa and Macaronesia (Western African Aquatic Mammals MoU) and the Memorandum of Understanding for the Conservation of Cetaceans and Their Habitats in the Pacific Islands Region (Pacific Cetaceans MoU).
There are two rough toothed dolphins located at the Clearwater Marine Aquarium. The facility is one of two that houses the species, in North America.
See also
List of cetaceans
References
Steno bredanensis pp. 269–280, by J Maigret in Handbuch der Säugetiere Europas. Band 6: Meeressäuger Teil 1A: Wale und Delphine 1 Niethammer J, Krapp F, (Eds.) (1995).
rough-toothed dolphin
Pantropical fauna
Cosmopolitan mammals
rough-toothed dolphin
rough-toothed dolphin
Fauna of Iran
eo:Steno
Bestsellers is an American limited comedy web television series created and written by Susan Miller and directed by Tina Cesa Ward. It stars Catherine Curtin, Mandy Bruno Bogue, Alice Barden, Dena Tyler and Natalie Kuhn as five professional women balancing life, work and book club. The series, presented by SFN Group, debuted on YouTube on January 31, 2011, and aired until March 21, 2011.
Cast and characters
Catherine Curtin as Abby, an accountant struggling with whether or not to blow the whistle on her boss who is embezzling money from the company.
Mandy Bruno Bogue as Nina, a single mommy blogger consumed with current affairs.
Alice Barden as Zoe, a smart, neurotic, creative powerhouse and entrepreneur looking for her next big idea.
Dena Tyler as Jules, an independent contractor who prepares soldiers who return from duty for domestic situations through role playing. She also works with different companies training employees/execs for different scenarios.
Natalie Kuhn as Taylor, a travel executive whose ambition is to walk across the U.S and recruits the group to go into training with her.
Episodes
References
External links
American comedy web series
2010s YouTube series
2011 web series endings
2011 web series debuts
The German keyboard layout is a QWERTZ keyboard layout commonly used in Austria and Germany. It is based on one defined in a former edition (October 1988) of the German standard DIN 2137-2. The current edition DIN 2137-1:2012-06 standardizes it as the first (basic) one of three layouts, calling it "T1" (, "keyboard layout 1").
The German layout differs from the English (US and UK) layouts in four major ways:
The positions of the "Z" and "Y" keys are switched. In English, the letter "y" is very common and the letter "z" is relatively rare, whereas in German the letter "z" is very common and the letter "y" is very uncommon. The German layout places "z" in a position where it can be struck by the index finger, rather than by the weaker little finger.
Part of the keyboard is adapted to include umlauted vowels (ä, ö, ü) and the sharp s (ß). (Some newer types of German keyboards offer the fixed assignment → ẞ for its capitalized version.)
Some special key inscriptions are changed to a graphical symbol (e.g. is an upward arrow, a leftward arrow). Most of the other abbreviations are replaced by German abbreviations (thus e.g. "Ctrl" is translated to its German equivalent "Strg", for ). "Esc" remains as such. (See: "Key labels" below)
Like many other non-American keyboards, German keyboards change the right Alt key into an Alt Gr key to access a third level of key assignments. This is necessary because the umlauts and some other special characters leave no room to have all the special symbols of ASCII, needed by programmers among others, available on the first or second (shifted) levels without unduly increasing the size of the keyboard.
General information
The characters ², ³, {, [, ], }, \, @, |, µ, ~, and € are accessed by holding the key and tapping the other key. The key on the left will not access these additional characters. Alternatively and pressing the respective key also produce the alternative characters in many environments, in order to support keyboards that only have one left key.
The accent keys , , are dead keys: press and release an accent key, then press a letter key to produce accented characters (ô, á, ù, etc.; the current DIN 2137-1:2012-06 extends this for e.g. ń, ś etc.). If the entered combination is not encoded in Unicode by a single code point (precomposed character), most current implementations cause the display of a free-standing (spacing) version of the accent followed by the unaccented base letter. For users with insufficient typing skills this behaviour (which is explicitly not compliant with the current DIN 2137-1:2012-06) leads to mistype a spacing accent instead of an apostrophe (e.g., it´s instead of correctly it's).
Note that the semicolon and colon are accessed by using the key.
The "T1" layout lacks some important characters like the German-style quotation marks ( and ). As a consequence, these are seldom used in internet communication and usually replaced by and .
The "T2" layout newly defined in DIN 2137-1:2012-06 was designed to overcome such restrictions, but firstly to enable typing of other languages written in the Latin script. Therefore, it contains several additional diacritical marks and punctuation characters, including the full set of German, English, and French-style quotation marks in addition to the typographic apostrophe, the prime, the double prime, and the okina.
The image shows characters to be entered using in the lower left corner of each key depiction (characters not contained in the "T1" layout are marked red). Diacritical marks are marked by a flat rectangle which also indicates the position of the diacritical mark relative to the base letter.
The characters shown at the right border of a keytop are accessed by first pressing a dead key sequence of AltGr plus the × multiplication sign. This X-like symbol may be thought of as an "extra" dead key or "extra" accent type, used to access "miscellaneous" letters that do not have a specific accent type like diaeresis or circumflex. Symbols on the right border shown in green have both upper-case and lower-case forms; the corresponding capital letter is available by pressing the Shift key simultaneously with the symbol key. For instance, to type the lower-case æ ligature, hold the AltGr key and type ×, then release both keys and type the (unshifted) A key. To type the upper-case Æ ligature, hold the AltGr key and type ×, then release both keys, hold Shift and type the (shifted) A key. An active Caps Lock can be used instead of the Shift key to obtain the Æ ligature and similar letters.
In addition, DIN 2137-1:2012-06 defines a layout "T3", which is a superset of "T2" incorporating the whole "secondary group" as defined in ISO/IEC 9995-3:2010. Thus, it enables to write several minority languages (e.g. Sami) and transliterations, but is more difficult to comprehend than the "T2" layout, and therefore not expected to be accepted by a broad audience beyond experts who need this functionality.
Key labels
Contrary to many other languages, German keyboards are usually not labeled in English (in fact, DIN 2137-1:2012-06 requires either the symbol according to ISO/IEC 9995-7 or the German abbreviation is to be used, with "Esc" as an exception). The abbreviations used on German keyboards are:
On some keyboards – including the original IBM PC/AT (and later) German keyboards – the asterisk (*) key on the numeric keypad is instead labeled with the multiplication sign (×), and the divide-key is labeled with the division sign (÷) instead of slash (/). However, those keys still generate the asterisk and slash characters, not the multiplication and division signs.
Caps lock
The behaviour of according to former editions of the DIN 2137 standard is inherited from mechanical typewriters: Pressing it once shifts all keys including numbers and special characters until the key is pressed again. Holding while is active unshifts all keys. Both and lack any textual labels. The key is simply labeled with a large down-arrow (on newer designs pointing to an uppercase A letter) and is labeled with a large up-arrow. The current DIN 2137-1:2012-06 simply requests the presence of a "capitals lock" key (which is the name used in the ISO/IEC 9995 series), without any description of its function.
In IT, an alternative behaviour is often preferred, usually described as "IBM", which is the same as on English keyboards – only letters are shifted, and hitting again releases it.
OS-specific layouts
Linux
Most Linux distributions include a keymap for German in Germany that extends the T1 layout with a set of characters and dead keys similar, but not identical to the "Outdated common secondary group" of ISO/IEC 9995-3:2002.
History
See also
ISO/IEC 9995
Notes and references
Latin-script keyboard layouts
de:Tastaturbelegung
The Last Supper Cave, near Denio, Nevada, United States, is an archeological site that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was listed on the National Register in 1975, for its potential to yield information in the future.
Archeologists found that it had "evidence of substantial Paleoindian occupations including 44 Paleoindian points".
References
History of Humboldt County, Nevada
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Nevada
Geography of Humboldt County, Nevada
National Register of Historic Places in Humboldt County, Nevada
Critter Round-Up (Saku Saku Animal Panic in Japan) is a puzzle video game developed by Epicenter Studios and Konami for the Wii. It was released as a WiiWare launch title in Japan on March 25, 2008, North America on May 19, 2008 and in Europe on August 29, 2008. It costs 1,000 Wii Points.
Gameplay
The player controls a farmer who must build fences to contain several animals. Players must separate species from each other while avoiding running into them and keeping them away from predators. Occasionally, a present will drop from the sky which, if collected, gives the player a power-up such as food to attract the animals or a spray to repel them. Elements of the gameplay resemble that of the arcade game Qix.
The main Adventure Mode features 50 levels across five different environments, each with their own species. In addition, Critter Round-Up also features a Marathon mode with infinite levels and support for up to four players, as well as minigames such as Snowball Soccer and Predator Rampage.
Reception
Critter Round-Up received generally average to above average reviews.
Wii Fanboy gave it 7.5/10, believing that the gameplay was "fun and addicting" and "loaded with a surprising amount of depth." CheatCodeCentral also gave the game a respectable 3.9/5 (78%), seeing "high replay value" and noting it to be "highly enjoyable in brief sessions in solo or multiplayer modes". GameSpot gave it a 7/10, praising the co-op mode and calling it "a good choice for light puzzle action and wacky multiplayer fun", but noting that, with the game aimed towards a younger audience, "folks looking for a mature puzzler are advised to look elsewhere".
However, IGN gave it 6.1 out of 10, believing that while the game has its charms and might be "fascinating" for younger players, the gameplay becomes much less engaging after extended play and that the minigames were "forgettable". 1UP.com, which gave it a C grade, also claimed the minigames were "uniformly uninteresting" and the single player was a "one note" experience, but thought the co-op mode livened up the game. They also had trouble deciding if the cel-shaded graphics were a distinct style or just "sloppy and unrefined".
References
External links
Japanese Animal Panic WiiWare page
2008 video games
Konami games
Puzzle video games
Video games developed in the United States
Wii games
Wii-only games
WiiWare games
Lennie Gallant's LIVE is the fifth album from the French-Canadian singer/songwriter, and also his first live album, released in 2000. The songs were recorded at three concerts held in November 1999. At the time, tracks 1, 3, 5, 6 and 7 were previously unrecorded songs. All other songs had studio versions previously recorded on other albums: tracks 8 and 15 from Breakwater, track 13 from Believing in Better, tracks 2 and 4 from The Open Window, and tracks 9, 10, 11 and 12 from Lifeline. Track 7 showed up on his 2005 album, When We Get There.
Track listing
The Pull of the Fundy Tide
Which Way Does The River Run
La Valse des Vagues
Peter's Dream
Part of Me
Coal Black
Pieces of You
Destination (Train Song)
Slow Boat
Lifeline
The Band's Still Playing
Meet Me at the Oasis
Man of Steel
Sound Effects - Waves
La Tempete (Bonus Track)
Personnel
Lennie Gallant acoustic guitar, bodhran, harmonica, vocals
Chris Church violin, percussion, vocals
Adam Dowling drums, percussion, vocals
Asif Illyas electric guitar, 2nd acoustic (track 7), vocals
Shehab Illyas bass guitar, vocals
John Scott accordion on tracks 3 and 11
References
2000 albums
Lennie Gallant albums
The 1968 Memphis State Tigers football team represented Memphis State University (now known as the University of Memphis) as an independent during the 1968 NCAA University Division football season. In its 11th season under head coach Billy J. Murphy, the team compiled a 6–4 record (4–0 against conference opponents), won the MVC championship, and outscored opponents by a total of 258 to 170. The team played its home games at Memphis Memorial Stadium in Memphis, Tennessee.
The team's statistical leaders included Danny Pierce with 925 passing yards, Ray Jamieson with 573 rushing yards, Preston Riley with 484 receiving yards, and Jay McCoy with 60 points scored.
Schedule
References
Memphis State
Memphis Tigers football seasons
Missouri Valley Conference football champion seasons
Memphis State Tigers football
"Alone" is a song by American rock band Falling in Reverse. It served as the lead single for the band's second studio album Fashionably Late.
Music video
The music video contains the band performing while girls dance around them with shots of Radke in an electric blue Stacy Adams suit walking down an airport runway with a Ferrari 458 Italia driving beside him.
Critical reception
The song was described by Zoiks! Online as, "Blending big radio beats with moshpit inducing riffage, the track addresses Ronnie's critics head-on." In a press statement, Radke stated that "Alone" was, "... Everything I've ever wanted to say to all these Twitter followers that talk shit... [and] I wanted to let everyone that dedicates their lives to just one genre of music know why they are so unhappy."
Personnel
Ronnie Radke – lead vocals
Jacky Vincent – lead guitar
Derek Jones – rhythm guitar, backing vocals
Ryan Seaman – drums, percussion, backing vocals
Ron Ficarro – bass, backing vocals
Charts
Accolades
References
2013 songs
2013 singles
Falling in Reverse songs
Rapcore songs
Epitaph Records singles
Songs written by Ronnie Radke
Archips micaceana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in China, Hong Kong, southern Vietnam, Burma, and northern Thailand. It is a minor pest of many agricultural crops.
The hindwings are almost entirely yellow in both sexes.
Food
The larvae are polyphagous leaf-tiers and leaf-rollers on:
Abelmoschus esculentus
Acacia nilotica
Alangium salviifolium
Albizzia procera
Albizzia saman
Aleurites
Annona reticulata
Annona squamosa
Arachis hypogaea
Areca catechu
Artabotrys hexapetalus
Artocarpus heterophyllus
Aster
Azadirachta excelsa
Breonia chinensis
Camellia
Capsicum
Cassia fistula
Castanopsis fissa
Cedrela
Chrysanthemum
Citrus maxima
Codiaeum variegatum
Coffea
Cordyline fruticosa
Cosmos
Cuscuta
Dalbergia sissoo
Delonix regia
Derris
Dillenia indica
Dimocarpus longan
Duranta
Erythrina fusca
Erythrina variegata
Eucalyptus camaldulensis
Eugenia
Fragaria
Garcinia mangostana
Gerbera jamesonii
Glycine max
Gmelina arborea
Gossypium herbaceum
Helianthus annuus
Hibiscus
Hopea odorata
Ixora
Lagerstroemia cuspidata
Lantana camara
Linum
Litchi chinensis
Lonicera japonica
Ludwigia
Macropiper excelsum
Mallotus philippinensis
Malus pumila
Mangifera indica
Medicago
Michelia champaca
Millettia extensa
Morus alba
Nephelium lappaceum
Persea americana
Phaseolus
Pinus caribaea
Pithecellobium dulce
Psidium guajava
Punica granatum
Rhizophora mucronata
Ricinus communis
Salix
Santalum album
Schoutenia glomerata
Shorea talura
Spergularia macrotheca
Syzygium aquem
Syzygium cumini
Terminalia elliptica
Toona ciliata
Triticum aestivum
Vicia faba
Vigna radiata
Zea mays
Ziziphus mauritiana
References
Moths described in 1863
Archips
Moths of Asia
Carmel & District Cricket Club is a team based in Flintshire North Wales who play competitive cricket in the North Wales Cricket League. They are the only Welsh village team to have defeated an international cricket team, and have staged several matches between national teams at their Pen-y-Gelli ground.
Carmel was founded as the result of a public meeting for those interested in the formation of a cricket club held at Carmel Village Hall in September 1965. The main people behind the meeting were Norman Cross-Parry, Meirion Griffith and Bill Parker.
The club initially played their matches at the Golch ground, opposite the Halfway House pub on the old A55 road, now the A5026, in the village of Carmel between Lloc and Holywell.
The club's first ever match took place against a now defunct team made of workers from BJ Construction. The inaugural season also saw matches against the likes of Abergele, St Asaph and Northop Hall.
Eventually the Golch site was up for sale and the club successfully applied to the Sports Council and Delyn Borough Council for grant-aid to re-establish the club on another ground.
The one chosen for the new ground was a large site with good quality soil for a cricket square located some two miles (3 km) away from the existing ground. Carmel proudly began their first season at their new Pen-y-Gelli ground in 1991 and Conwy CC provided the opponents in the inaugural match. Backed by ambitious club secretary Stan Taylor Carmel continued to develop their facilities at the ground and in July 1998 former England cricket international Tom Cartwright and Mrs Dorothy Taylor opened the new pavilion.
Carmel have also made recent forays into international cricket, which began with the Iron Curtain Cricket Tour in 2007 under the captaincy of Timothy Abraham, who had been inspired by the Harry Thompson book Penguins Stopped Play. The touring side played Estonia in Tallinn and Latvia in Riga. Carmel defeated Estonia in the final of the Helsinki Sixes tournament in Finland but lost twice in longer matches against the team.
But it was a match against Russia in the Russian National Baseball Stadium in Moscow which was the highlight of the tour where they became the first touring side to ever visit the city.
In June 2008 the Carmel Touring XI again went overseas for the 'Ottoman Empire Tour' where they defeated Romania in Bucharest and the Bulgaria in Sofia. Carmel also represented 'Wales' in the Vienna World Cup Sixes competition where they were beaten in the semi-finals by an Austrian-Pakistan team.
July 2008 saw Carmel stage their biggest project yet with the establishing of an eight-team European Twenty20 Championship tournament which featured Estonia and Russia following the club's trip to the two countries the previous summer. Also involved were the national teams of Slovakia, Croatia, Czech Republic and a Poland as well as a Cricket Board of Wales representative side.
The tournament, which was supported by the International Cricket Council, was won by Estonia who beat Czech Republic in a dramatic last-over victory. Carmel staged the European Twenty20 tournament again in July 2009 and the national cricket teams of Croatia, Hungary, Bulgaria, Russia as well as the Island of Alderney were among those to take part.
The tournament was won by a team which represented the Flanders region after they defeated hosts Carmel in a lowscoring final. Croatia won the 'plate' competition after they defeated English club side New Victoria who had replaced Estonia after they pulled out of the event. In the week preceding the EuroTwenty20 Carmel faced prestigious touring side Crusaders Australia led by Swan Richards.
Carmel's Touring XI undertook their most ambitious tour in May and June 2009 where they played in six countries in 11 days. After victory at the Lille Twenty20 tournament in France the team recorded victories over Slovakia in Hajske and over the Hungary in Budapest.
One of the biggest honours to date for the club's touring side came later in the trip when they played the first ever international cricket match in Serbia where they ran out winners in a 40-over contest against a Belgrade Cricket Association XI. Carmel subsequently played the first international match in Macedonia when they took on a Macedonian XI in Skopje. The first of two Twenty20 clashes between the two sides was broadcast live in its entirety on national television station Sky Net.
Carmel's Touring XI toured Austria, Slovenia and Croatia in 2010, Poland, Lithuania and Latvia in 2012, Romania and Switzerland in 2013. In 2014 they played the first ever game of cricket in Montenegro against Porto Montenegro Cricket Club as well as returning to Austria, Slovenia and Austria.
On 8 October 2009 the club lost one of its greatest servants when Peter Ferguson died after a battle with cancer. Ferguson made 1,169 appearances and scored 12,000 runs and took 1,443 wickets.
In January 2010 the club staged an international 'Snow cricket' match at the club's Pen-y-Gelli between the club's English and Welsh players. The match ended in a tie. The club is also the first team in the North Wales Cricket League to embrace both the use of social networking sites Facebook and Twitter
Carmel's First XI captain for the 2015 season is Barry Mcgauty, Second XI skipper is Christopher Jones and Third XI captain is Nick Hughes.
References
External links
Carmel & District CC website
Carmel % District CC play-cricket website
Welsh club cricket teams
1965 establishments in Wales
Sport in Flintshire
Wiener Athletiksport Club, also known as Wiener AC or WAC, is an Austrian sports club in Vienna. It is particularly noted for its hockey team, which was established in 1900.
Its football team won the Austrian Championships and was Runner-up in the Mitropa Cup.
History
The football section of the club was founded on 14 October 1897. By 1904, it had won the Challenge Cup and the Wiener Tagblatt Pokal three times each. They were the most important trophies in Austrian football at the time.
In September 1910, most of the first team left the club to found a new club, Wiener AF. Despite this, Wiener AC finished fourth in the Austrian football championship 1910–11, although the new club finished higher.
The club won the Austrian football championship 1914–15, in which the ten clubs only played each other once each. Wiener AF finished in second place.
In 1928, the club reached the Austrian Cup final, losing 2–1 to SK Admira Wien.
In the 1930–31 season, Wiener AC won the Austrian Cup, which was played in a league format as the Wiener Winter Cup. As the winner of this competition, the club was qualified for the Mitropa Cup.
The club reached the final of the 1931 Mitropa Cup, but lost both legs of the final to First Vienna FC.
From 1936 to 1945, the club was also known as Schwarz-Rot Vienna, name under they won the 1937–38 Austrian Cup.
From 1942 to 1945, the club played in the Gauliga Ostmark (I).
In 1959, the club again won the Austrian Cup, beating SK Rapid Wien 2–0 in the Final.
FK Austria WAC Wien
From 1973–74 season, Wiener AC formed a joint team with FK Austria Wien, which was called FK Austria WAC Wien until 1976–77 season when Austria Wien decided to revert to their own club's traditional name. The results of the joint team are part of the Austria Wien football history.
In 1983, Wiener AC reactivated its football section, but never come back in Austrian Football Bundesliga and the club was taken over in 2002 by its sponsor, which changed its name to FK Rad Friendly Systems and then to FC Fireball United.
The club still has a football section, but it no longer competes in competitions.
Honours
Challenge Cup
Winners (3): 1901, 1903, 1904
Tagblatt Pokal
Winners (3): 1900, 1901, 1902
Austrian Champions
Winners (1): 1914–15
Austrian Cup
Winners (3): 1931, 1938, 1959
Mitropa Cup
Finalists (1): 1931
In 1938, the Austrian Cup was won by Schwarz-Rot Vienna, which split off from Wiener AC and rejoined a few years later.
Seasons in the Top League of Austria
38 seasons: 1912–21, 1923, 1925–36, 1943–44, 1946–48, 1954 and 1957–65.
In addition, the Wiener AC competed in all three seasons from 1901 to 1903 in the Tagblatt Pokal, which was a forerunner of the Austrian football championship.
Leading Goalscorers
Johann Studnicka – Austrian League leading goalscorer in 1913 with 13 goals.
Johann Neumann – Austrian League leading goalscorer in 1913 with 13 goals and 1914 with 25 goals.
Leopold Deutsch – Austrian League leading goalscorer in 1915 with 12 goals.
Friedrich "Fritz" Cejka – Austrian League leading goalscorer in 1960 with 28 goals.
Hans Pirkner – Austrian League leading goalscorer in 1976 with 28 goals in the joint team with FK Austria Wien.
Notable players
Dr. Otto Herschmann, saber fencer, Olympic silver; 100-m freestyle in swimming, Olympic silver
Rodolphe Hiden
Ernst Kaltenbrunner
Other Sports
Hockey
Men
19 times national field hockey champions.
15 times national indoor hockey champions.
Women
16 times national field hockey champions.
7 times national indoor hockey champions.
The club has competed 30 times in the European Hockey Cup, which is more than any other Austrian club. Wiener AC finished third on two occasions in the European Champions League in indoor hockey.
Basketball
The club won the Austrian Basketball Championship in 1947, the first year in which it was held.
See also
Wiener AF
External links
Wiener Athletiksport Club
Football clubs in Austria
Sport in Vienna
Austrian field hockey clubs
Football clubs from former German territories
1897 establishments in Austria
Field hockey clubs established in 1900
Football clubs in Vienna
Endre Kálmán Bajcsy-Zsilinszky (Szarvas, June 6, 1886 – Sopronkőhida, December 24, 1944), was an influential Hungarian national radical politician and an important voice in the struggle against German expansion and military policy. Executed National Resistant by the Hungarist Arrow Cross Party
Family history
The Zsilinszky name first appeared in 1720, in the registry of the Evangelical church (Lutheran Church) of Békéscsaba, where his great grandfather, Mihály Zsilinszky, a well off peasant farmer and an elected judge of Slovak origin, lived.
Endre's grandfather (born in 1838), and his father Dr. Endre Zsilinszky, were also born in Békéscsaba. In 1883, his father married Mária Bajcsy, the stepdaughter of János Vilim, a lawyer related to the Zsilinszky family. The young couple initially resided in Szarvas and the marriage produced four children; Endre, Gábor, Margit and Erzsébet and on June 6, 1886 he was christened Endre Kálmán in the local Lutheran Church.
Youth and Education
Endre was a year old when his family moved from Szarvas to Békéscsaba, and he studied at the Gyula Andrássy High School, where, by academic excellence he rose above his peers. He regularly participated in the school's activities and chaired its self-improvement club. His prize winning compositions drew attention, and revealed his grasp of the social issues of the day. He excelled in each subject (Hungarian, Latin, Greek, German), and graduated with honours. This gained him a scholarship grant from the Lutheran Church diocese of Bánya.
After high school graduation in 1904, he continued his university education at the Faculty of Law of the Franz Joseph University in Kolozsvár (Cluj-Napoca).
His multifaceted abilities exhibited themselves in his first year of university. He read a lot of Széchenyi's works, and in addition to his law studies, he also signed up to study history of philosophy. His second year in school brought him a lot of exciting experiences and intellectual enrichment. He ended up spending two semesters at the universities of Leipzig and Heidelberg. During his sojourn in Germany, his interests increasingly focused on the world of politics. The developing political situation in Germany increased his incentive to study with greater diligence. And yet, in spite of his commitment to his studies, there was time for self-improvement. During his stay in Heidelberg, he developed numerous friendships and social contacts, which required him to extensively socialize.
On April 24, 1908 he completed his political science studies, and on December 5, he received his doctorate in law. In the autumn of 1909 he enlisted in the 1st Imperial and Royal Hussars in Vienna as a volunteer, and in September 1910, he received his reserve officer's commission.
At this time, through a conflict by his Békéscsaba family, András L. Áchim, one of the founders of the Hungarian Peasants party, was shot to death by Endre's brother, Gábor Zsilinszky.
Career
Following these events, from October 1910 on, he worked as a junior law clerk, established friendships, and improved his social life. He lectured in political citizens' circles and contributed articles to the Women's circle. In February 1912, he entered public life and found employment as the apprentice steward of Alsókubin in the comitatus (county) of Árva. At first, he worked without remuneration, then received a minimal annual salary of between and kronen.
World War I
Immediately after the outbreak of World War I, Bajcsy-Zsilinszky volunteered for front-line duty and his unit, part of the II. Mounted (Hussar) Division, was deployed to the Serbian front.
Afterwards he was deployed to the Italian front, and at the beginning of June 1916, as part of the 2nd Imperial and Royal Mounted Hussars' Marksmen Division, he was deployed on the Eastern front.
In September of the same year he was wounded, and spent a slow and lingering period of recuperation at the military hospital. At the beginning of 1917, he requested and was granted permission to return to the front.
In 1918, he participated in the founding of the Hungarian National Defense Association (Magyar Országos Véderő Egylet) (MOVE), for which, later, he was forced to emigrate to Vienna.
Between World Wars
After his return to Hungary, he settled in Szeged. His support was welcomed by the nationalists, and the populist political party of Gyula Gömbös. Under his editorial guidance, among others, the Voice (Szózat), a newspaper with nationalist and racist themes, was published.
Elected to the Parliament as a representative of the Unity Party in 1922. In 1923 he defected, with Gyula Gömbös, to form the Hungarian National Independence Party, better known as the Guardians of Race Party (Fajvédő Párt). Voice (Szózat) became the party's official organ. In 1925 he was honoured with the commission of Valiant knight (Vitéz). In 1926, he became the editor-in-chief of the Hungarians (Magyarság), and in 1928 he became the editor-in-chief of the Forward guard (Előörs) newspaper, which also marked the gradual distancing from the political camp of Gyula Gömbös.
In 1930, he founded the National Radical Party (Nemzeti Radikális Párt) and in 1932, he became the editor-in-chief of the anti-Nazi daily Freedom (Szabadság). His political stature grew in 1935 when his party and political allies were elected to the Hungarian Parliament. In the same year, he resigned his Vitéz commission.
World War II
After the outbreak of World War II, he became the editor-in-chief of the weekly paper Independent Hungary (Független Magyarország) in which he espoused the necessity of blocking German expansion (Living space (Lebensraum)), through the united efforts of the small states bordering along the Danube.
From 1941, he was the editor of the anti-Nazi paper The Free Word (Szabad Szó), and in the same year, he was one of the major organizers of the March 15 anti-Nazi protests.
On March 19, 1944, Bajcsy-Zsilinszky, at his residence, fought with a weapon to prevent arrest by the Gestapo. He was wounded in the brief gun battle, arrested, and hauled away.
On October 11 of the same year, his release was demanded and obtained by the Hungarian government. But, in November, he was again arrested and incarcerated in the Sopronköhida prison, where he was executed by hanging on December 23. On May 27, 1945, he was reburied in Tarpa with honours.
In Memoriam
Due to his anti-Nazi stance, he was honoured by the government of the post-war Hungarian People's Republic, and his nationalist and anti-Nazi theories still have adherents.
Streets named after him in Baja, Balassagyarmat, Balatonalmádi, Budapest, Debrecen, Győr, Eger, Esztergom, Kaposvár, Kecskemét, Kiskunfélegyháza, Kiskőrös, Környe, Kőszeg, Miskolc, Pécs, Szentes, Tokaj and in the inner city of Tatabánya. Also, the city of Novi Sad (Serbia) named a street after him in gratitude for raising his voice in Hungarian parliament against the mass killing of Vojvodina Serbs, Jews, and Roma by Hungarian soldiers and gendarmes in 1942.
A station on the M1 line (yellow, or Millennium line) of the Budapest Metro is also named after him.
Works
A Singular Path: The Hungarian peasant farmer (Egyetlen út: A Magyar Paraszt)
National Rebirth and the Press (Nemzeti újjászületés és sajtó)
New Year's Open Letter to the Electorate of the Derecske Electoral District (Újévi nyílt levele a derecskei választókerület polgáraihoz)
National Radicalism (Nemzeti radikalizmus)
German World in Hungary (Német világ Magyarországon)
King Matthias (Mátyás király)
Our Place and Fate in Europe (Helyünk és sorsunk Európában)
Transylvania: Past and Future (Erdély, a Mult és a Jövö)
References
Sources
Károly Vigh: Endre Bajcsy-Zsilinszky (1886–1944)- A Man With A Mission. Published by (Szépirodalmi Könyvkiadó, Budapest, 1992) . (Vigh Károly: Bajcsy-Zsilinszky Endre (1886–1944) / A küldetéses ember (Szépirodalmi Könyvkiadó, Budapest, 1992) )
Halász, Iván : Tzv. lojálni Slováci v dualistickom Uhorsku ("dobrí Slováci", "úradní Tóthi", uhorskí vlastenci, maďaróni a tí druhí....) In: Regionálna a národná identita v maďarskej a slovenskej histórii 18. - 20. storočia = Regionális és nemzeti identitásformák a 18 - 20. századi magyar és a szlovák történelemben. [Eds.]: Šutaj, Štefan - Szarka, László. Prešov, Universum 2007, s. 91-102. Rés. maď. s. 102-103 Az ún. lojális szlovákok a dualizmuskori Magyarországon ("jó szlovákok", "hivatalos tórok", magyarországi hazafiak, maďarónok és a többiek...); angl. s. 103 So-called loyal Slovak in Hungary during the Dual Monarchy ("Good Slovaks", "Official Tots", Hungarian patriots, "Magyarized Slovaks", and others...) ''
External links
His statue in Elizabeth park in Budapest
Biographical Encyclopedia of Hungary
1886 births
1944 deaths
People from Szarvas
Hungarian Lutherans
Independent Smallholders, Agrarian Workers and Civic Party politicians
Austro-Hungarian military personnel of World War I
Franz Joseph University alumni
Executed politicians
Executed Hungarian people
People executed by Nazi Germany by hanging
Hungarian resistance movement of World War II
Hungarian resistance members
20th-century Lutherans
Hungarian people of Slovak descent
Buford Billy Champion (September 18, 1947 – January 7, 2017) was an American professional baseball right-handed pitcher, coach, and scout who played in 202 games in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Philadelphia Phillies and Milwaukee Brewers, from –.
Bill was selected by the Philadelphia Phillies in the 3rd round (58th overall) of the 1965 MLB June Amateur Draft out of Shelby High School in Shelby, NC.
Before his big league debut, in , Champion was already a two-time Minor League Baseball (MiLB) earned run average (ERA) league leader: Huron Phillies, Northern League (); and Tidewater Tides, Carolina League (). He was traded along with Don Money and John Vukovich by the Phillies to the Brewers for Jim Lonborg, Ken Brett, Ken Sanders and Earl Stephenson on October 31, 1972.
Champion went on to become a scout for the Chicago Cubs and pitching coach for the Greenville Braves.
Champion died on January 7, 2017, in Shelby, North Carolina, at the age of 69.
References
External links
1947 births
2017 deaths
Major League Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from North Carolina
People from Shelby, North Carolina
Milwaukee Brewers players
Philadelphia Phillies players
Bakersfield Bears players
Huron Phillies players
Tidewater Tides players
Reading Phillies players
Eugene Emeralds players
Richmond Braves players
Oklahoma City 89ers players
Chicago Cubs scouts
Valley Lutheran High School is a private, parochial school located in Saginaw Charter Township, Michigan. The school is owned and operated by the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod. The school was founded in 1977 and celebrated its 40th anniversary in 2017.
Sports
Valley Lutheran is a class "C" school.
Prior to the mid-1990s Valley Lutheran did not have a football team (also due to budget restrictions), as a result, the school was always well known for its soccer team. Because there was no football team, the annual homecoming dance was held in conjunction with a soccer match instead of the more-traditional football game.
The following sports are offered at Valley Lutheran:
Boys Soccer
Football
Boys Cross Country
Boys Basketball
Boys Wrestling
Boys Bowling
Boys Baseball
Boys Track
Boys Golf
Girls Volleyball
Girls Cross Country
Cheerleading
Pom Poms
Girls Golf
Girls Basketball
Competitive Pom Pons
Girls Bowling
Hockey
Girls Softball
Girls Soccer
Girls Track
The "Carpet Dome"
Prior to 1995 Valley Lutheran's basketball court was carpeted, and students dubbed the gym the carpet dome. When the school was constructed, the decision was made to cover the gym in carpet for financial reasons as well as noise reduction. Because of the school's religious background, there are daily chapel assemblies and it was thought that a carpeted gym would be quieter than wooden flooring. In 1995, the school replaced the carpeted basketball court with a more-traditional wooden flooring. The Saginaw News frequently reported that the carpeted floor gave the home team a ten-point advantage and many carpet burns.
References
External links
Valley Lutheran High School
Private high schools in Michigan
Educational institutions established in 1977
Lutheran schools in Michigan
Schools in Saginaw County, Michigan
1977 establishments in Michigan
Saginaw Intermediate School District
Secondary schools affiliated with the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod
The Ziz River ( or ) is a river in the south of Morocco and Algeria. It has its source in the High Atlas mountains of Morocco and flows into the Sahara Desert in Algeria. Although water flow is intermittent along the Ziz riverbed, its watercourse has long been used to facilitate human transit through the mountainous region.
Cities along the Ziz river include Errachidia, Erfoud and Sijilmassa. There is a dam with hydroelectric generating capacity on the Ziz near Errachidia.
Water rights
Along the Ziz there is typically common water rights rule, wherein each village and villager is entitled to a fair use and extraction of Ziz waters. Characteristically water is diverted in flatter areas to form a canal that irrigates palm groves and other crops as well as supplies domestic use.
See also
Sijilmasa, a historically important city founded on the banks of the Ziz river
References
Sources
Rivers of Morocco
The Santa Fe Swamp is 95-percent floodplain swamp. Along with Lake Santa Fe and Little Lake Santa Fe, it serves as headwaters of the Santa Fe River, which drains into the Suwannee River and then finally the Gulf of Mexico. It is located to the north of those lakes in Bradford County and Alachua County in Florida.
Santa Fe Swamp Wildlife and Environmental Area
The Santa Fe Swamp Wildlife and Environmental Area (WEA) was donated to the Suwannee River Water Management District in 1984 by Georgia-Pacific Corporation. At that time, it was the largest and most environmentally significant donation in the state of Florida's history. Allowable uses are wildlife viewing, hunting, bicycling, hiking, and horseback riding on administrative roads.
External links
Santa Fe Swamp Wildlife & Environmental Area - official site
Landforms of Alachua County, Florida
Landforms of Bradford County, Florida
Swamps of Florida
Protected areas of Bradford County, Florida
Floodplains of the United States
The Wilson Creek Bridge (also known as the Smart Road Bridge) is the second tallest bridge in Virginia at tall, the tallest being the US-460 Corridor Q bridge over Grassy Creek and Virginia State Route 610 between Pike County and Buchanan County at tall.
The Wilson Creek Bridge is located in Montgomery County and was built as part of the Virginia Smart Road project. It is a cast-in-place cantilever box girder bridge and extends for with three spans of and two spans of .
Construction
Construction began in August 1998.
The bridge was designed by Florida-based Figg Engineering Group and built by PCL Civil Constructors Inc., a subsidiary of PCL Constructors Inc. at a cost of US$17.4 million. The bridge design is the same genre as the Natchez Trace Parkway Bridge. The bridge is composed of four double-tapered piers with stone inlay, two conventional abutments, and 100 cast-in-place segments. After review of the bridge design by the construction firm, the segments were changed from 4.5 m to 5 m segments, deleting 35 segments from the critical path of construction. The bridge was completed on May 30, 2001.
The cast-in-place structure consists of of concrete, of reinforcing steel, and of steel cables.
Awards
In 2002, the bridge received an honorable mention in the Federal Highway Administration's Excellence in Highway Design Awards, Category 3A: Major Highway Structures Over $10 Million. The bridge also received an award that year from the Concrete Reinforced Steel Institute, the only 2002 award-winner east of the Mississippi River.
Unique Features
The cast-in-place cantilever box girder bridge design is the only one of its kind in Virginia.
The bridge is hollow. Beneath the riding surface, the box girders are open with a width of and a height which varies from to . Power and communication lines are carried in the hollow concrete box and run the length of the bridge. Manholes in the bridge deck allow researchers to enter the box to monitor testing equipment.
The support structure of the bridge is inlaid with Hokie Stone to blend in with the environment and meld with the architectural stylings of Virginia Tech.
Bridge Pictures
Early construction
During construction
During construction
Below main spans during construction
Construction nearing completion
Looking south
Aerial looking southeast
Looking east across Ellett Valley and Wilson Creek
Looking northeast
Looking northwest
References
Brian Fortner, "High-Tech Highway", Civil Engineering, October, 1999
Gunnar Lucko, "Means and Methods Analysis of a Cast-In-Place Balanced Cantilever Segmental Bridge: The Wilson Creek Bridge Case Study", Master's Thesis: Virginia Tech Department of Civil Engineering, November 30, 1999, accessed April 1, 2007
"'Smart' Road Getting New Name: Willis", Roanoke Times, May 12, 2001
Keith Harrison, "Wilson Creek Bridge Complete; Research Just Beginning", Marshall Concrete Products The Star, Fall/Winter 2001, Volume 2, Issue 2, accessed December 29, 2008
American Segmental Bridge Institute (ASBI), "Smart Road Bridge, Near Blacksburg, VA, Receives CRSI Award", May 17, 2002, accessed April 1, 2007
"Smart Road Bridge Wins Kudos", Roanoke Times, May 17, 2002
"FHWA Gives Awards to Top Highway Designs", Federal Highway Administration, October 13, 2002
"Design and Construction of Smart Road Over Wilson Creek: Montgomery County, Virginia", Transportation Research Board of the National Academies, 2002, accessed May 16, 2007
Gunnar Lucko and Jesús M. de la Garza, "Constructability Considerations for Balanced Cantilever Construction", Practice Periodical on Structural Design and Construction, Volume 8, Issue 1, pp. 47–56, February, 2003, accessed July 20, 2007
Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT), "2003 success stories", accessed April 1, 2007
American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials - Subcommittee on Bridges and Structures, "Our Nation's Bridges: Virginia", June 2, 2005, accessed April 1, 2007
VDOT - The Smart Road Bridge Over Wilson Creek, October 29, 2006, accessed April 1, 2007
Greg Esposito, "Smart Road does bring benefits to valley", Roanoke Times, April 1, 2007
Figg Engineering Group, accessed August 13, 2008
PCL - construction details, accessed August 13, 2008
AVAR - construction details on post-tensioning and form-travelers, accessed August 13, 2008
Marshall Concrete Products - construction details on concrete for piers, superstructure, and bridge decks, accessed December 29, 2008
NXL - inspection and engineering services, accessed August 13, 2008
See also
List of bridges in the United States by height
Bridges completed in 2001
Buildings and structures in Montgomery County, Virginia
Transportation in Montgomery County, Virginia
Road bridges in Virginia
Concrete bridges in the United States
Box girder bridges in the United States
Cantilever bridges in the United States
Phyllostegia parviflora is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name smallflower phyllostegia. It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is known from Maui, Oahu, and the island of Hawaii. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.
There are three varieties of this plant. The var. glabriuscula was not seen for a long time until it was rediscovered in 2006 on Hawaii. There are about 100 individuals remaining in the wild and some which have been planted in the habitat. The newly named variety lydgatei has been seen in the wild recently but now is thought to remain only in cultivation. The var. parviflora remains in a population of about 200 plants on Oahu, but it has not been seen on Maui in several years.
References
External links
USDA Plants Profile
parviflora
Endemic flora of Hawaii
Taxa named by George Bentham
Plants described in 1830
The 2000–01 Women's National Cricket League season was the fifth season of the Women's National Cricket League, the women's domestic limited overs cricket competition in Australia. The tournament started on 14 October 2000 and finished on 27 January 2001. Defending champions New South Wales Breakers won the tournament for the fifth time after topping the ladder at the conclusion of the group stage and beating Queensland Fire by two games to zero in the finals series.
Ladder
Fixtures
1st final
2nd final
References
Women's National Cricket League seasons
Women's National Cricket League
Dina Nath Sharma, alias Ashok, is a Nepalese politician. In 1999 he led a revolt within the CPN (Masal) against the party leadership. On April 6, 1999, Sharma split from the party and constituted his own parallel Communist Party of Nepal (Masal). Sharma's party called for boycott of elections and supported the armed struggle. Soon after the split Sharma's party merged with the Communist Party of Nepal.
Sharma was inducted in the Maoist politburo. Sharma represented the Maoists during the 2003 peace-talks.
After the end of the 2006 democracy movement in Nepal, Sharma was included in the group sent to Kathmandu to start peace negotiations with the new government.
In early 2005 Sharma was, along with Baburam Bhattarai and Hisila Yami, demoted by the party supremo Prachanda. In July of that year Prachandra reinstated Sharma into the politburo.
References
External links
dnsharma.com
1945 births
Living people
Nepalese atheists
People from Baglung District
Communist Party of Nepal (Masal) (historical) politicians
Communist Party of Nepal (Masal) (1999) politicians
Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist Centre) politicians
Members of the National Assembly (Nepal)
Nepal Communist Party (NCP) politicians
People of the Nepalese Civil War
Members of the 1st Nepalese Constituent Assembly
Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) is a not-for-profit public interest research and advocacy organisation based in New Delhi, India. Established in 1980, CSE works as a think tank on environment-development issues in India, poor planning, climate shifts devastating India's Sundarbans and advocates for policy changes and better implementation of the already existing policies.
The director of the centre is Sunita Narain. Under her leadership, the Centre for Science and Environment exposed the high level of pesticides present in American brands of soft drinks such as Coke and Pepsi.
In 2018 the CSE was awarded Indira Gandhi Prize for Peace, Disarmament and Development.
Some of its projects include investigating food adulteration and consumer product safety.
See also
Indian Council of Forestry Research and Education
Down to Earth (magazine) and Gobar Times
References
1980 establishments in Delhi
Environmental organisations based in India
Organisations based in Delhi
Scientific organizations established in 1980
Think tanks based in India
Science centres in India
Non-profit organisations based in India
Vrindavan Chandrodaya Mandir is a temple under construction at Vrindavan, Mathura, India. As planned, it will be the tallest religious monument in the world. At its potential cost of it is likely to be one of the most expensive temples in world. The temple has been planned by ISKCON Bangalore. The planned effort includes the temple rising to a height of about 700 feet (213 meters or 70 floors) and a built-up area of 540,000 sq. ft. (~50,000 sq. m.). The project is set in 62 acres of land and includes 12 acres for parking and a helipad.
History
In 1972, Srila Prabhupada, the founder and Acharya of ISKCON spoke about the principle of Yukta Vairāgya right in front of the Bhajan Kutir (a simple and austere dwelling of an ascetic primarily intended to perform his spiritual activities like chanting Krishna's names, writing and teaching) of Sri Rupa Goswami (see picture) to his dozen or more western disciples who were accompanying him on a visit to Vrindavan, India. He said:
Inspired by this vision and statement of Srila Prabhupada, the devotees of ISKCON Bangalore, who are strictly adhering to prabhupadas instructions conceived the Vrindavan Chandrodaya Mandir project to build a skyscraper temple for Lord Sri Krishna.
The foundation stone laying ceremony of Chandrodaya temple in Mathura district was done on 16 March 2014, on the eve of the auspicious occasion of Holi.
Construction
Madhu Pandit Dasa had a meeting with President Pranab Mukherjee where he briefed him about the idea of creating the temple. In March 2014, the Uttar Pradesh Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav inaugurated the project. and on 16 November 2014, the President of India, Pranab Mukherjee laid the foundation stone of the temple. The temple building is under construction. The original architectural design has been changed twice (2019 and 2022).
Gallery
See also
Temple of the Vedic Planetarium, Mayapur
Viraat Ramayan Mandir
References
External links
Video about the Temple project - Video
Official website of Vrindavan Chandrodaya Mandir
Vrindavan Chandrodaya Mandir - thedivineindia.com
Vrindavan – spiritual capital of India to get a 700 feet high temple
Mathura Temple World Tallest Temple
Krishna Bhumi - Vrindavan Chandrodaya Mandir
International Society for Krishna Consciousness temples
Radha Krishna temples
Hindu temples in Mathura district
Tourist attractions in Mathura
Vrindavan
Shobnom Bubly is a Bangladeshi film actress and news anchor who started her career as a television news presenter. She made her acting debut in the film Bossgiri with Shakib Khan, and since then the two have collaborated multiple times.
Early life
Bubly was born in Dhaka, Bangladesh. She is the third of four children. Her father is a retired Armed Police(APBN) Officer and her mother is a housewife. Her elder sister Naznin Mimi is a playback singer, and another elder sister of hers, Sharmin Sweety, was previously a news presenter and is currently she is a banker and his younger brother Jahid Hasan Akash is studying at BBA in a Private University.
Bubly completed her bachelor's honors degree in economics at National University and also studying at Dhaka University in Evening MBA. Being inspired by elder sister, she auditioned in the Banglavision television channel for the news presenter and selected as a news anchor in 2013.
Career
In 2013, Bubly started her career with news presenter in Bangladeshi private entertainment television channel Banglavision. After news anchoring, Bubly moved onto film, debuting in the film Bossgiri with Shakib Khan. Later that year, she starred in another film, Shooter, also starring Khan. She has done later multiple films with Dhallywood Superstar Shakib Khan.
Personal Life
In 2016, Shakib Khan and Bubly were rumored to be dating while shooting for the film Bossgiri. Although, their marriage news is still not known, but there are strong rumours that they are married. Bubly became a mother at Long Island Jewish Medical Center. She gave birth to a son on 21 March 2020, named Shehzad Khan Bir.
Filmography
Awards
Meril Prothom Alo Awards
Channel i Digital Media Award
Iconic Star Awards
References
External links
Living people
People from Dhaka
Bangladeshi film actresses
21st-century Bangladeshi actresses
Year of birth missing (living people)
Mads Pieler Kolding (born 27 January 1988) is a Danish badminton player who specializes in doubles. He won the gold medal at the 2016 European Championships in the men's doubles event partnered with Mads Conrad-Petersen. He was also a part of the Denmark national team who won the 2016 Thomas Cup. Kolding announced his retirement from the interational badminton on 4 November 2021.
Achievements
European Championships
Men's doubles
Mixed doubles
European Junior Championships
Boys' doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF Superseries (3 runners-up)
The BWF Superseries, which was launched on 14 December 2006 and implemented in 2007, was a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF). BWF Superseries levels were Superseries and Superseries Premier. A season of Superseries consisted of twelve tournaments around the world that had been introduced since 2011. Successful players were invited to the Superseries Finals, which were held at the end of each year.
Men's doubles
BWF Superseries Finals tournament
BWF Superseries Premier tournament
BWF Superseries tournament
BWF Grand Prix (6 titles, 1 runner-up)
The BWF Grand Prix had two levels, the Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold. It was a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF) and played between 2007 and 2017.
Men's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF Grand Prix Gold tournament
BWF Grand Prix tournament
BWF International Challenge/Series (14 titles, 5 runners-up)
Men's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
References
External links
Living people
1988 births
People from Holbæk Municipality
Danish male badminton players
Sportspeople from Region Zealand
Orthetrum albistylum is a dragonfly species, which occurs from central and south Europe to China and Japan. Its distribution is often patchy but in many areas it is common. The species has recently spread its range northwards to the Baltic Sea coast in Poland. The common name for this species is white-tailed skimmer.
One of the ongoing threats affecting the habitat of Orthetrum albistylum is the production of crops. The water pollution associated with crop production is also having a direct effect on the quality of the habitat of this species.
See also
Orthetrum
References
Libellulidae
Insects described in 1848
Articles containing video clips
The Wrong Cage is an EP by the Italian psychedelic rock band Jennifer Gentle, in collaboration with the guitarist of Acid Mothers Temple, Kawabata Makoto, released in 2002.
The EP was recorded live, during an Italian mini-tour, on May 23 and May 24, 2002 at Banale, Padua and The Art & Co., Gorizia, respectively.
Track listing
"Bring Them"
"Man from Mu" (Makoto Sarongi solo)
"Couple in Bed by a Green Flashing Light"
References
Jennifer Gentle albums
2002 albums
Mala Berezovytsia (; ) is a village in Ternopil Raion, Ternopil Oblast, western Ukraine. It belongs to Zbarazh urban hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine. Mala Berezovytsia has a current population of 230 people.
It is the birthplace of Taras Levkiv, a Ukrainian artist specializing in Ceramic art. It is also the birthplace of Mieczysław Albert Krąpiec, Polish professor, philosopher, theologian and longtime rector of the Catholic University of Lublin.
Mala Berezovytsia was the site of the massacre of Poles perpetrated by the Ukrainian Insurgent Army on February 22 and 23, 1944.
Until 18 July 2020, Mala Berezovytsia belonged to Zbarazh Raion. The raion was abolished in July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Ternopil Oblast to three. The area of Zbarazh Raion was split between Kremenets and Ternopil Raions, with Mala Berezovytsia being transferred to Ternopil Raion.
References
Villages in Ternopil Raion
Zbarazh urban hromada
Islamic Azad University, Neyshabur Branch (IAUN), also known as the Islamic Azad University of Neyshabur, is a branch campus of Islamic Azad University in Nishapur, Iran. It is one of the largest universities by size and student enrolment in the Razavi Khorasan province and the oldest modern comprehensive university in the city and the county of Neyshabur.
IAUN has 5 main faculties and it offers postgraduate (Including doctorate degrees), undergraduate and associate degrees in a vast number of fields related to humanities, business and management, engineering and technology, basic sciences, sports sciences and medical sciences.
References
External links
www.iau-neyshabur.ac.ir
www.iau.ir
Educational institutions established in 1985
nishapur|Nishapur
Buildings and structures in Nishapur
1985 establishments in Iran
Education in Razavi Khorasan Province
Lists of members of the House of Commons of Canada with military service
Brad Self (born February 27, 1981, in Peterborough, Ontario) is a retired dual-sport athlete who was most recently a lacrosse player for the Colorado Mammoth of the National Lacrosse League and the Peterborough Lakers of Major Series Lacrosse league. He has also played professional ice hockey in Germany. Brad Self is a Transition player, recently traded to the Colorado Mammoth at the NLL trade deadline. Selected in the second round of the 2001 entry draft 18th overall. Brad Self was a member of the Rochester Knighthawks during their three-peat championships in 2012,13, and 14. He is currently the general manager of the Colorado Mammoth.
In 2019, Self was announced as one of the members of Chaos Lacrosse Club in Paul Rabil's new Premier Lacrosse League.
References
1981 births
Living people
Buffalo Sabres draft picks
Canadian lacrosse players
Sportspeople from Peterborough, Ontario
Peterborough Petes (ice hockey) players
Rochester Knighthawks players
Saint Mary's Huskies ice hockey players
Regional Sports Complex "Olimpiyskyi" stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Donetsk, Ukraine. The stadium is part of bigger sports complex Olimpiyskyi and until 2014 was property of the National Olympic Committee of Ukraine. Since 2014 along with neighboring Donbass Arena, it became a property of the Donetsk People's Republic. It has a capacity of 25,678 people. In 2014, the stadium's ownership has changed.
Built in 1958 as part of whole Lokomotyv sports complex, originally it belonged to the Soviet Lokomotiv sports society. The stadium was built for the Donets Railway main football team that since 1948 played in Artemivsk (Bakhmut).
After its reconstruction in 2003, the stadium was also host to Shakhtar's city-rivals, FC Metalurh Donetsk. Shakhtar became the sole tenant of the stadium from 2004, until their new Donbass Arena was completed. FC Metalurh Donetsk has moved back to their own stadium, Metalurh Stadium which is considerably smaller.
References
1958 establishments in Ukraine
FC Lokomotyv Donetsk
Football venues in Donetsk Oblast
Sports venues built in the Soviet Union
Sport in Donetsk
Multi-purpose stadiums in Ukraine
Buildings and structures in Donetsk
Sports venues in Donetsk Oblast
Serhiy Bubka College of Olympic Reserve
The yellow-mantled weaver (Ploceus tricolor) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
It is sparsely distributed across the African tropical rainforest.
References
External links
Yellow-mantled weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
yellow-mantled weaver
Birds of the African tropical rainforest
yellow-mantled weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2009 Wuzhou International Group Jiangsu Classic was a professional non-ranking snooker tournament that took place between 4–7 June 2009 at the Wuxi Sports Center in Wuxi, China. The round-robin stage consisted of two groups of six players, ten top 16 players. The tournament was renamed the following year to Wuxi Classic.
Mark Selby made the 69th official maximum break during his last round robin match against Joe Perry. This was Selby's first official 147 break.
Mark Allen won his first professional title by defeating defending champion Ding Junhui 6–0.
Prize fund
The breakdown of prize money for this year is shown below:
Winner: £20,000
Runner-Up: £9,000
Semi-finalist: £8,000
3rd place in Group: £4,000
4th place in Group: £2,000
Appearance Fees for professionals: £2,500
Highest Break: £1,000
Round robin stage
Group 1
(breaks above 50 shown between brackets)breaks 100 and above will be indicated bold.
Ding Junhui 1–2 Li Hang → 29–47, (117) 118–12, 38–73 (65)
Mark Allen 2–0 Stephen Hendry → (60) 77–40, 65–0
Ryan Day 2–0 Peter Ebdon → (132)-0, (60) 66–51
Ding Junhui 2–1 Stephen Hendry → 80–47, 32–71 (60), 64–43
Ryan Day 2–0 Mark Allen → 53–52, 62–21
Peter Ebdon 1–2 Li Hang → (55) 66–14, 44–68, 17–92
Ding Junhui 2–1 Mark Allen → (52) 92–45, (53) 60–70, (78) 92–26
Ryan Day 1–2 Li Hang → 69–13, 8-(77), 16-(62)
Peter Ebdon 1–2 Stephen Hendry → 64–16, 9–73 (64), 28–66
Ryan Day 2–1 Stephen Hendry → (68)-0, 14-(102), (76)-1
Ding Junhui 2–1 Peter Ebdon → 49–70 (52), 70–46, 70–47
Mark Allen 2–0 Li Hang → 79–44, (52) 68–49
Stephen Hendry 2–0 Li Hang → 94–21, 71–7
Mark Allen 2–0 Peter Ebdon → 78–73, 86–32
Ding Junhui 2–0 Ryan Day → 65–16, 53–35
Group 2
(breaks above 50 shown between brackets)breaks 100 and above will be indicated bold.
Shaun Murphy 2–0 Jin Long → 54–52, (114)-6
Joe Perry 0–2 Marco Fu → 60–88, 13–74
Ali Carter 0–2 Mark Selby → 33–70, 2–124 (92)
Shaun Murphy 2–0 Marco Fu → 80–0, 72–0
Ali Carter 2–1 Joe Perry → 0-(99), (56) 96–22, 45–38
Mark Selby 2–1 Jin Long → 42–102, 68–41, 106–33
Shaun Murphy 0–2 Joe Perry → 0-(74), 0–80
Ali Carter 2–1 Jin Long → 1–80, (81) 85–15, 58–52
Mark Selby 1–2 Marco Fu → 44–100 (58), 74–6, 6–60
Ali Carter 0–2 Marco Fu → 29–55, 17–86 (81)
Shaun Murphy 2–0 Mark Selby → 84–29, (52) 85–8
Joe Perry 2–1 Jin Long → 28–61, 53–44, 64-(54)
Marco Fu 2–0 Jin Long → (54) 69–29, 54–37
Joe Perry 2–1 Mark Selby → 0–151 (147), 68–56, (74)-1
Shaun Murphy 2–1 Ali Carter → 76–63, 26–82 (64), (85) 86–0
Knock-out stages
* 76–51, 0–63, (104) 125–0, (124) 128–1, (97)-0, (72)-0
** 4–110 (86), 64–55, 25–66 (61), (74) 83–1, 16–78 (72), 4–124 (88), 47–76
Final
Century breaks
147 Mark Selby
132 Ryan Day
124, 117, 104 Ding Junhui
114 Shaun Murphy
102 Stephen Hendry
More
2009
Jiangsu Classic
Jiangsu Classic
Metrosassari, also called Sassari tramway, Sassari tram-train or Sassari metro-tramway ( or ) is the commercial name of a tram-train line in Sassari, Sardinia, Italy, operated by the regional public transport company ARST (Azienda Regionale Sarda Trasporti).
Despite having been built in the early 2000s, in the urban section the line was built with single track and narrow gauge, to connect with the same gauge used in the secondary railway lines in Sardinia.
Rolling stock
Tram vehicles were designed by Pininfarina and built by AnsaldoBreda "Sirio".
Route
The tramway part of the line (Stazione - Emiciclo Garibaldi) opened in October 2006, linking the railway station with the city centre via the hospital district.
On 27 September 2009 the line was extended into the peripheral district of Santa Maria di Pisa, running on the electrified portion of the Sassari–Sorso railway.
Projects
The main part of the network is in 2013 in advanced development phase. Currently is under construction is the extension of the line from Santa Maria di Pisa to Li Punti and Baldinca, and the electrification of the railway to Sorso, 10 km from Sassari.
It is also planned to convert and electrify the 28 km Sassari-Alghero railway to allow the trams to reach the village of Olmedo, Fertilia Airport and the town of Alghero.
References
Bibliography
Gian Guido Turchi: A Sassari arriva il tram. In: ″I Treni″ Nr. 224 (March 2001), p. 14–17.
External links
Timetable (pdf)
Tram transport in Italy
Railway lines in Sardinia
Sassari
950 mm gauge railways in Italy
Railway lines opened in 2006
750 V DC railway electrification
Gentiana glauca is a species of flowering plant in the gentian family known by the common names pale gentian and glaucous gentian. It is native to eastern Asia and northwestern North America from Alaska to the Northwest Territories to Washington and Montana.
This perennial herb produces a rosette of oval leaves each centimeter long from a rhizome. Leaves on the stem are oppositely arranged. The stem grows to a maximum height near . The inflorescence is a cluster of three to five blue or blue-green flowers up to long. The fruit is a tubular capsule. The plant reproduces sexually by seed and spreads vegetatively by sprouting from its rhizome.
This plant grows on tundra and in a variety of moist, treeless habitat types. It occurs in subalpine and alpine climates. It occurs at elevations around in Montana and at least in Alaska.
References
glauca
Flora of the Northwestern United States
Flora of Alaska
Albert Roméo "Ab" Renaud, sometimes referred to as Albert Ranaud, (October 2, 1920 – December 19, 2012) was a Canadian ice hockey player. He was a member of the Ottawa RCAF Flyers who won the gold medal in ice hockey for Canada at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz.
In 2001 Renaud was honoured by the Canadian Forces when it was announced that the 1948 RCAF Flyers were selected as Canada's greatest military athletes of the 20th century.
References
External links
bio
Albert Renaud's obituary
1920 births
2012 deaths
Ice hockey players at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
"Want Me Back" (stylized as "wAnt me back") is a song co-written and recorded by Canadian country music artist Lindsay Ell. She co-wrote the track with Kane Brown, Matt McGinn, and Lindsay Rimes. The song was the second single off Ell's fifth studio album Heart Theory.
Background
Ell said of "Want Me Back", "It's all about stepping into your own power". Co-writer Kane Brown stated: "I think Lindsay is an awesome artist. I was excited and grateful to be part of the song".
Critical reception
Billy Dukes of Taste of Country called the track Ell's "most commercially friendly radio release to date," adding "the clean structure, guitar lines and verses recall and build off of the Brantley Gilbert collaboration "What Happens in a Small Town". Soundigest called the song "upbeat" and an "empowerment anthem".
Commercial performance
"Want Me Back" reached a peak of #1 on the Billboard Canada Country chart dated December 12, 2020, becoming Ell's second number one. The song also reached a peak of #89 on the Canadian Hot 100, as well as #35 on Hot Country Songs and #52 on Country Airplay in the United States, while it peaked at number 44 on The Music Network'''s Country Hot 50 in Australia. In March 2021, the song was certified Gold by Music Canada, becoming the first single of Ell's career to achieve this status.
Music video
The official music video for "Want Me Back" premiered on October 8, 2020. The video finds Ell in a fictional duo named "Eddie and Ell" before breaking out as a solo artist herself. Chris Parton of Sounds Like Nashville said "the glamorous clip sends a powerful message … especially to young girls". Ell told CMT'': "The video captures the whole story line in which my whole persona changes from an unconfident, held-back woman, to then realizing my own self-power and stepping into it".
Charts
Certifications
References
2020 songs
2020 singles
Lindsay Ell songs
BBR Music Group singles
Songs written by Kane Brown
Songs written by Lindsay Ell
Songs written by Lindsay Rimes
Songs written by Matt McGinn (songwriter)
Song recordings produced by Dann Huff
Wu Chengying (; Pinyin: Wú Chéngyīng; born 21 April 1975 in Shanghai) is a Chinese former international football player who spent the majority of his career at Shanghai Shenhua where he won the league and Chinese FA Cup before moving to Shanghai International for a then Chinese record fee of 13,000,000 RMB in 2003. Internationally he was a member of the Chinese national team where he participated in the 1996 and 2000 AFC Asian Cup as well also the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Playing career
Wu Chengying emerged with future Chinese internationals Shen Si, Xie Hui and Qi Hong form Shanghai Shenhua where he was predominantly used in the left back position. During his spell at Shanghai Shenhua the team claimed the 1995 Chinese Jia-A League title and the 1998 Chinese FA Cup. In February 1998, he was loaned to Dalian Wanda for half a month for the 1997–98 Asian Club Championship and scored a goal against Pohang Steelers. He attracted the interests of Italian side Calcio Como in January 2002 but the Serie A club failed to reach an agreement with Shanghai Shenhua. Wu Chengying instead joined Shanghai International later in 2003 for 13,000,000 RMB, which made him the highest Chinese transfer ever in Chinese football history. At Shanghai International he would see them come second in the 2003 league season and third in the following campaign. When his contract expired at the end of the 2006 league season, Wu decided to announce his retirement from playing.
International career
After his performances for Shanghai Shenhua saw him win the league title he was included on the squad that went to the 1996 AFC Asian Cup and became a regular within the team. During Bora Milutinović's reign as the Chinese head coach Wu Chengying became China's first choice left back despite having an indifferent relationship with several regular players such as Ou Chuliang and Li Jinyu, who described him as extremely introverted. Despite his indifferent relationship with his teammates Wu was a regular starter for the national team playing in the 2000 AFC Asian Cup and 2002 FIFA World Cup until Bora Milutinović's reign as the Chinese national team ended.
Career statistics
International goals
Scores and results list China's goal tally first.
Honours
Club
Shanghai Shenhua
Chinese Jia-A League: 1995
Chinese FA Cup: 1998
Individual
Asian Goal of the Month: February 1998
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Shanghai
China international footballers
2002 FIFA World Cup players
1996 AFC Asian Cup players
2000 AFC Asian Cup players
Shanghai Shenhua F.C. players
Beijing Renhe F.C. players
Dalian Shide F.C. players
Chinese Super League players
Association football defenders
The Ninety Nine All Stars Tour was a tour of ice hockey exhibition games where the team Ninety Nine All Stars was touring five countries during the 1994–95 NHL lockout. It was formed by Wayne Gretzky, IMG and some of Gretzky's personal friends. The purpose of the tour was to stay in shape during the lockout, raise money for charities and to promote ice hockey around the world. The team played a total of eight games in five countries, mainly against professional club teams but also against a couple of local All Star teams. The team featured at least eleven players who would eventually be inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame.
Ninety Nine All Stars Roster
Goalies
Grant Fuhr
Kelly Hrudey
Defensemen
Rob Blake
Paul Coffey
Todd Gill
Charlie Huddy
Al MacInnis
Marty McSorley
Forwards
Pat Conacher
Russ Courtnall
Sergei Fedorov
Doug Gilmour
Tony Granato
Wayne Gretzky
Brett Hull
Jari Kurri
Steve Larmer
Mark Messier
Kirk Muller
Warren Rychel
Rick Tocchet
Steve Yzerman
Coaches
Doug Wilson (head coach)
Walter Gretzky (assistant coach)
Mike Barnett (General Manager)
Claes Elefalk (Tour Coordinator)
List of games
December 1, 1994: 3-4 loss vs Detroit Vipers (IHL)
Steve Yzerman, Sergei Fedorov, and Paul Coffey, all from the Detroit Red Wings, did not appear in this game. Future NHL star Miroslav Satan scored the winning goal for the Vipers.
December 3, 1994: 7-1 win vs Jokerit (Finland)
December 4, 1994: 3-4 OT loss vs Ilves Tampere (Finland)
December 6, 1994: 6-3 win vs Norwegian Spectrum All Stars (Norway)
December 9, 1994: 8-3 win vs Djurgårdens IF (Sweden)
December 10, 1994: 5-2 win vs Västra Frölunda HC (Sweden)
December 12, 1994: 5-6 OT loss vs Malmö IF (Sweden)
December 14, 1994: 8-5 win vs German All Stars in Freiburg (Germany)
See also
List of international games played by NHL teams
List of international ice hockey competitions featuring NHL players
References
The World Cup of Hockey
1994 in ice hockey
National Hockey League All-Star Games
Wayne Gretzky
Edmund Blanchard (c.1824 – December 27, 1886) was a lawyer and prominent businessman in Centre County, Pennsylvania. He was an early promoter of rail transportation in the area.
Early life
The son of John Blanchard and Mary Miles, Blanchard was born in Bellefonte, Pennsylvania and educated at Dartmouth College. At one time a law partner of Andrew Curtin, he also served as district attorney for Centre County and subsequently became senior partner of the corporate law firm Blanchard and Blanchard, the other principal being his brother Evan. Blanchard & Blanchard's clients included the Bellefonte and Snowshoe Railroad and the Bald Eagle Valley Railroad.
Promotion of rail transport
Blanchard had been an early investor in the Bellefonte & Snowshoe, and served as a director of the Tyrone and Lock Haven Railroad. This company was reorganized as the Bald Eagle Valley Railroad, of which he served as treasurer. Blanchard's history with these lines put him on good terms with Pennsylvania Railroad officials, who financed the Bald Eagle Valley and later took control of both that railroad and the Bellefonte & Snowshoe. Blanchard's other business interests included the Bellefonte Glass Works, the Bellefonte Car Works, and the Moshannon Land and Lumber Co.
Because of his connections, Blanchard headed a group of Centre County businessmen that, in 1881, appealed to President George B. Roberts of the PRR to build a branch from Bellefonte to the iron ore deposits at Scotia. Blanchard and his associates saw the line as key to cutting transportation costs to bring ore to the blast furnaces at Bellefonte, and hired Samuel Brugger to survey a route from Bellefonte to Scotia, with a branch to State College.
However, the PRR declined to act on the proposal, as it considered the group's estimates of ore production at Scotia and in the Buffalo Run Valley to be over-optimistic. Undeterred, Blanchard and other interested parties chartered the Bellefonte and Buffalo Run Railroad in 1882 to build the proposed lines, under the presidency of Blanchard. His legal skill was crucial in helping the new railroad acquire some of its right-of-way affordably through eminent domain.
Later life
Heart disease forced Blanchard to scale back his activities in 1885, and he stepped down from the presidency of the Bellefonte & Buffalo Run when it was consolidated to form the Buffalo Run, Bellefonte and Bald Eagle Railroad, although he remained a director of the latter. With the railroad well underway in 1886, Blanchard secured Philadelphia investment to build a new iron furnace in Bellefonte. The Centre Iron Company began work on a hot blast furnace on Logan Branch, at the site of the former Bellefonte (charcoal) Furnace, in fall 1886. Blanchard and his associates also organized the Valentine Ore Land Association to mine ore, mostly from banks in the Nittany Valley to the east, and the Nittany Valley Railroad to transport it. However, Blanchard did not live to see Valentine Furnace go into blast in 1888. He succumbed to heart disease on December 27, 1886. His sons, Evan Miles and John, succeeded to his law practice and would later represent the Bellefonte Central Railroad, successor to the BRB&BE, in litigation.
References
1820s births
1886 deaths
People from Bellefonte, Pennsylvania
19th-century American railroad executives
Pennsylvania lawyers
19th-century American lawyers
Joshua "Josh" McGuire (born June 15, 1983) is a Canadian fencer who competed at the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics. McGuire competed in the individual foil at both Games reaching the round of 32 in 2004 and the last 16 in 2008.
McGuire took the gold medal at the 2000 Cadet Men's Foil World Championships. As a junior, he won a bronze medal at 2002 Junior World Championships.
References
External links
FIE profile
1983 births
Living people
Canadian male fencers
Olympic fencers of Canada
Fencers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Fencers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Hamilton, Ontario
Sportspeople from Toronto
Edward Kobie Stokes (born September 3, 1971) is an American former professional basketball player, who played at the center position.
Stokes attended the University of Arizona. During his collegiate career, he scored 984 points, grabbed 644 rebounds and blocked 167 shots. He was selected by the Miami Heat in the 1993 NBA draft (second round, 35th pick overall).
Stokes started his professional career in Greece, playing for Panionios BC. He went on to represent Stefanel Milano, Aris Thessaloniki, Titanes de Morovis (Puerto Rico), Telemarket Roma, Toronto Raptors, Pistoia Olimpia, Keravnos (Cyprus), FC Porto, Libertad de Sunchales, STB Le Havre and Crabs Rimini.
In the NBA, the rights to Stokes and Jeff Webster were traded by the Heat to the Washington Bullets in 1995 for Rex Chapman and Terrence Rencher, but he was released without appearing for the team in any regular season games. He was also under preseason contract with the Denver Nuggets (October 1996) and Seattle SuperSonics (October 1997 and September–October 2000). He would appear sparingly for the Toronto Raptors in 1997–98 (4 games, 0.8 PPG and 1.0 RPG in 4.3 minutes).
References
External links
College & NBA stats at databasebasketball.com
1971 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Argentina
American expatriate basketball people in Canada
American expatriate basketball people in Cyprus
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in Portugal
American men's basketball players
Aris B.C. players
Arizona Wildcats men's basketball players
Basketball players from Syracuse, New York
Basket Rimini Crabs players
Centers (basketball)
FC Porto basketball players
Greek Basket League players
Keravnos B.C. players
Libertad de Sunchales basketball players
Miami Heat draft picks
Olimpia Basket Pistoia players
Olimpia Milano players
Pallacanestro Virtus Roma players
Panionios B.C. players
STB Le Havre players
Toronto Raptors players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
Titanes de Morovis players
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The Shanghai Institutes for Biological Sciences are a research institute of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, in Shanghai, established on July 3, 1999.
When it was created, it was one of four basic science research institutions of China. The organization assimilated the Shanghai Institute of Biochemistry, Shanghai Institute of Cell Biology, Shanghai Institute of , Shanghai Institute of Physiology, Shanghai Brain Research Institute, Shanghai Institute of Plant Physiology, Shanghai Institute of Entomology, Shanghai Bioengineering Research Center, Shanghai Research Center of Life Science, and the State Research Center of Genes. Its director is biochemist Li Lin, who has served since 2013.
Footnotes
References
External links
1999 establishments in China
Research institutes of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
Education in Shanghai
Slim John was a 1969 BBC English Language Instruction serial made for overseas broadcast, in twenty-six episodes of fourteen minutes each, and in black and white. It involves android robots from outer space planning to take over the Earth, starting with London. They work following the directions of an authority called Control. Robot Five, nicknamed Slim John (Simon Williams), is himself a rebel robot who befriends a human couple, Stevie and Richard.
Slim John has extraordinary strength. The plots revolve around the other robots trying to eliminate him, and often include the fact that Slim John and the other robots have limited amounts of power available and need to recharge themselves regularly. Short grammar lessons are transmitted to all the robots at regular intervals via their hand-held communication devices (anticipating personal digital assistants by more than 30 years). These short lessons are presented not only to the robots (including Slim John), but in full screen to the viewers.
The serial was an educational tool used for English language instruction. It was supported by books and records as an English teaching method. The series was broadcast for years all over the world, in Turkey, Cyprus, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Sweden, Brazil, Yugoslavia and other countries. Hungary, Poland and Romania were the only Eastern Bloc countries to show the serial, with an enormous response, in the 1970s.
Availability
The series was available on various media, television, radio, disks and books.
Cast
Simon Williams.................Slim John
Allan Lee...........................Richard
Juliet Harmer.....................Stevie
Valentine Dyall.................. Dr Brain
Bruno Barnabe...................Miller
Liz Reber...........................Zero
List of episodes
The man in the cupboard
Where is Robot Five?
Is he in London?
Orders from Control
Catch that robot!
Find the house!
Robot Five is dangerous
The shop in Park Street
There were some men in the shop
We're going away
Out of London
We need to sleep
I want my car
The village
There's no one in the car
The airfield
Don't let him escape!
The hospital
Copies of Robot Five
The football match
Back to headquarters
Ready for the meeting
It's late
Control is coming
Our plan must work
The last day
External links
Slim John (with some images)
BBC television dramas
1969 British television series debuts
1969 British television series endings
Digital Smoke is a collaboration album by West Coast rapper Kurupt and West Coast rapper/producer J. Wells. The album was released June 5, 2007. It features many other rappers such as Tha Alkaholiks, Roscoe, Goodie Mob, Knoc-turn'al and Kokane. There is a music video for the song "All We Smoke," featuring cameo appearances by Bishop Lamont, 40 Glocc and Glasses Malone.
Track listing
Notes
"I'm Just Sayin'" contains background vocals by Nire
"Summertime" contains background vocals by Kurupt and Nire
"Smokin'" contains additional vocals by Drew Sidora and Kurupt
"Los Angeles" contains additional vocals by Samuel "Shorty" Christian
Ervin "EP" Pope - keyboards on tracks 7, 9, 15
Keenan "Kee Note" Holloway - bass on tracks 7, 15
Yonatan Elkayim - guitar and bass on track 9
Russ "Finesse" Barber - piano and fender rhodes on track 16
Sample credits
"Got Me Going" contains samples from "You Really Got Me" performed by The Kinks and "Danger" performed by Blahzay Blahzay
"Summertime" contains a sample from "Dial My Heart" performed by The Boys
"I Came in the Door" contains samples from "Eric B. Is President" performed by Eric B. & Rakim, "I Ain't No Joke" performed by Eric B. & Rakim and 10% Dis performed by MC Lyte feat. Audio Two
Personnel
Credits for Digital Smoke adapted from Allmusic.
Big Gipp - Primary Artist
Blaqtoven - Composer
Butch Cassidy - Primary Artist, Vocals
Claudio Cueni - Mixing
James DeBarge - Primary Artist
Goodie Mob - Guest Artist, Primary Artist
Gail Gotti - Primary Artist
Keenan "Kee Note" Holloway - Bass
Craig King - Keyboards, Producer
Knoc-Turn'al - Primary Artist
Kokane - Guest Artist, Primary Artist
Kurupt - Executive Producer, Primary Artist, Vocals
Tha Liks - Primary Artist
Victor Manzano - Engineer
Ervin Pope - Keyboards
Russell Redeaux - Management
Marc Regan - Mastering
Roscoe - Primary Artist
Shorty - Primary Artist
Ms. Drew Sidora - Vocals
Stylistic Jones - Primary Artist
Tha Alkaholiks - Guest Artist
Tri-Star - Primary Artist
J. Wells - Engineer, Executive Producer, Guitar, Keyboards, Primary Artist, Producer
Y. A. - Primary Artist
References
Kurupt albums
2007 albums
Albums produced by DJ Quik
Mohamed Messaoudi (born 14 March 1973) is a Tunisian handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Tunisian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Tunisia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
is a Japanese footballer currently playing as a goalkeeper for YSCC Yokohama, on loan from Urawa Reds.
Career statistics
Club
.
Notes
References
2000 births
Living people
Association football people from Gunma Prefecture
Japanese footballers
Japan youth international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
J3 League players
Urawa Red Diamonds players
Renofa Yamaguchi FC players
YSCC Yokohama players
The 2000 Copa Merconorte was an association football tournament held in 2000. Atlético Nacional of Colombia beat another Colombian club, Millonarios, in the final.
Group stage
Each team played the other teams in the group twice during the group stage. The first placed team advanced to the second round.
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Semifinals
First Leg
Second Leg
Finals
First Leg
Second Leg
Champion
External links
2000 Copa Merconorte game summaries
2000 Copa Merconorte stats
Copa Merconorte
3
Mer
Amartha Hangtuah is a basketball club based in Jakarta, Indonesia that plays in the National Basketball League.
League
Roster
Rookie Binaan
-Mikail Jadyra dan Saddam Asyruna
Awards
Rookie of the Year :
Abraham Wenas (2018)
Notable coaches
- Set a club record or won an individual award as a professional coach.
- Functioned as head coach for any senior national team at least once at an official international match.
Johannis Winar
References
Basketball teams established in 1995
Basketball teams in Indonesia
Sport in Jakarta
Jodorowsky/ Jodorowski is a spelling variation of Polish language surname . Surname is derived from Polish name Chodorów of Galician city Khodoriv.
It may refer to:
Adan Jodorowsky, French musician and actor, son of Alejandro
Alejandro Jodorowsky, Chilean-French filmmaker, playwright, and writer
Axel Jodorowsky, Mexican-French actor, writer, painter, playwright, son of Alejandro
Alma Jodorowsky, French actress, fashion model and singer, granddaughter of Alejandro, daughter of Brontis
Brontis Jodorowsky, French actor, son of Alejandro, father of Alma
See also
Chodorow
Polish-language surnames
Surnames of Polish origin
Polish toponymic surnames
Joseph Gales Jr. (June 15, 1786 – July 21, 1860) was an American journalist and the ninth mayor of Washington, D.C., from 1827 to 1830. He was the only Mayor born outside the United States or the American colonies.
Early life
Joseph Gales Jr. was born in Eckington, Derbyshire, England. His father, Joseph Gales Sr. (1760–1841), was a printer in Sheffield, who was compelled to emigrate to America in 1795 because of his republican principles. After living in Philadelphia from 1795 to 1799 where the elder Gales transcribed the debates in Congress and owned the Independent Gazetteer, he moved with his family to Raleigh, North Carolina. Gales, Jr. was educated at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and in 1807 settled in Washington, D.C., where he became the assistant and partner of Samuel Harrison Smith in the publication of the National Intelligencer. In 1810 Gales became sole proprietor of the journal and made it a triweekly publication, and in 1813, having previously formed a partnership with his brother-in-law, William Winston Seaton, the paper was issued daily and so continued until 1867 (after the deaths of both publishers).
Printer
For many years Gales and Seaton were the official printers to Congress, and the files of the National Intelligencer, containing a running account of the debates in both Houses, are one of the most valuable sources of the United States congressional history for more than a quarter of a century. Under the title of Annals of Congress, Gales and Seaton published (1834–56, in 42 volumes) the debates in Congress from 1798 to 1824, together with the more important documents and laws, and under the title of Register of Debates in Congress (29 volumes) continued the publication in similar form to cover the years (1824–37). Gales are long the sole reporter on the U.S. Senate.
Newspaper publisher
He began as a reporter for the National Intelligencer in 1807, Reporting the debates in Congress and went on to become the publisher of the newspaper, which appeared three times a week. He made it a daily paper in 1813, originally with a focus on congressional debates. Increasingly it became a political newspaper, spokesman for the opponents of Jackson and supporters of John Quincy Adams, Henry Clay, and the Whig Party. In 1851, the Washington Daily Globe replaced it as the official reporter for Congress, and circulation declined.
Societies
During the 1820s, Gales was a member of the prestigious society, Columbian Institute for the Promotion of Arts and Sciences, who counted among their members former presidents Andrew Jackson and John Quincy Adams and many prominent men of the day, including well-known representatives of the military, government service, medical and other professions.
Mayor of Washington
Gales are elected Washington Alderman in 1814. In 1827 the city council elected him to fill out the term of the resigning Roger C. Weightman. He was then elected to his own two-year term in 1828. As mayor, he broke ground on the District of Columbia's C&O Canal. He also established relief committees for the poor and dispossessed of Washington.
Later life
In 1830, Gales built a "country mansion" near the old Brentwood Road on 112 acres of land he bought in 1815. He named the estate for his town of birth, Eckington and it became the namesake of the Eckington neighborhood. The house was sold to George Truesdale, who turned it into a hotel and then, following a fire that nearly destroyed it, into a women's college known as Washington College for Young Ladies. By 1922 it became the Mt. Carmel Retreat House for Women run by the Catholic Church.
Gales died on July 21, 1860 and was buried in Congressional Cemetery.
References
Further reading
Ames, William E. "The National Intelligencer: Washington's Leading Political Newspaper." Records of the Columbia Historical Society (Washington, D.C., 1966): 71-83. in JSTOR
Ames, William E. A history of the National Intelligencer (University of North Carolina Press, 1972)
Eaton, Clement. "Winifred and Joseph Gales, Liberals in the Old South." Journal of Southern History 10.4 (1944): 461-474. in JSTOR
Hunt, Gaillard. "Joseph Gales on the War Manifesto of 1812," American Historical Review (1908) 13#4 pp 303–10 in JSTOR
Mayors of Washington, D.C.
American publishers (people)
American male journalists
Burials at the Congressional Cemetery
1786 births
1860 deaths
People from Eckington, Derbyshire
English emigrants to the United States
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American businesspeople
The collared warbling finch (Poospiza hispaniolensis) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It is found in Ecuador and Peru.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
collared warbling finch
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
collared warbling finch
collared warbling finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Busswil bei Büren is a former municipality in the Seeland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011 it was merged with the municipality of Lyss.
Geography
Busswil is located on the old Aare river, the part of the Aar river that still flows from Aarberg to Büren after the river was corrected in the 19th century to stop the flooding which had been completely inundating Busswil since ancient times. In those days the Celts from neighbouring villages to the north used the "Obererer Weg" to travel to the market town of Lyss. Also of note is the ancient oak tree in the middle of a field next to the Länggasse, at which Napoleon is said to have rested with his troops on the way back from his Austrian campagne.
Busswil has a bakery, a post office, two small supermarkets (Co-Op and Denner), a tea-room, a hotel (Rössli), restaurant (Bahnhof), and a railway station.
The neighbouring municipalities are Büetigen, Worben, Studen and Lyss.
Busswil bei Büren has an area, , of . Of this area, or 51.5% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 28.5% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 19.7% is settled (buildings or roads), or 0.7% is either rivers or lakes and or 0.3% is unproductive land.
Of the built-up area, industrial buildings make up 2.0% of the total area while housing and buildings made up 8.9% and transportation infrastructure made up 7.5%. 28.2% of the total land area is heavily forested with oak, birch and beech trees but sadly much of this will be destroyed by the politically influential Vigier Beton gravel and sand company who are extending the area of their excavations. Of the agricultural land, 44.6% is used for growing crops and 5.6% is pastures, while 1.3% is used for orchards or vine crops. Most of the water in the municipality is in rivers, streams or underground springs of excellent quality (used as drinking water by several houses along the Länggasse) but the springs will also soon be destroyed by the extension of the above-mentioned Vigier Beton gravel and sand excavations.
Population
Busswil bei Büren has a population (as of 31 December 2010) of 1905. , 11.7% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 4.6%. Most of the population () speaks German (90.6%), with French being second most common ( 1.8%) and Italian being third ( 1.7%).
In the 2007 election the most popular party was the SVP which received 33.8% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SPS (24.2%), the FDP (12.4%) and the Green Party (10.4%).
The age distribution of the population () is children and teenagers (0–19 years old) make up 27.1% of the population, while adults (20–64 years old) make up 62.5% and the seniors (over 64 years old) make up 10.4%. The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Busswil bei Büren about 72.6% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a Fachhochschule).
Busswil bei Büren has an unemployment rate of 1.21%. , there were 27 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 8 businesses involved in this sector. 199 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 20 businesses in this sector. 237 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 38 businesses in this sector.
Besides the political municipality where everybody living is a member there exists a municipality of citizens where usually old families are member of. These families are called Bangerter, Eggli, Löffel, Stauffer and Stebler, they own 0.7 km² (23%) of the ground. That makes them very important when new buildings are planned.
External links
Official website of the political municipality Busswil bei Büren
Statistics on Swiss Municipalities
References
Former municipalities of the canton of Bern
The Rear Admiral William S. Parsons Award for Scientific and Technical Progress is awarded each year by the Navy League of the United States to a Navy or Marine Corps officer, enlisted person or civilian, who has made an outstanding contribution in any field of science that has furthered the development and progress of the US Navy or Marine Corps. The award is named for Admiral William Sterling Parsons. The award is presented with a certificate and a watch along with other Professional Excellence Awards (Sea Service Awards) at the National Convention of the Navy League of the United States.
The award is described by the Navy League of the United States as:
"The Rear Admiral William S. Parsons Award is named for Admiral Parsons in recognition of his dedication to all aspects of scientific and technical advances and who was responsible to a marked degree for ensuring that the U.S. Navy remained in operational consonance with the ever-shifting and increasing demands of the changing world.
Presented since 1957, this award for scientific and technical progress is awarded to a Navy or Marine Corps officer, enlisted person or civilian who has made an outstanding contribution in any field of science that has furthered the development and progress of the Navy or Marine
Corps."
List of award winners
The following is the list of recipients:
Notes
References
External links
Navy League of the United States
Navy League of the United States Award Program
Science and technology awards
American science and technology awards
Awards established in 1957
The Slovakian Association for Dynamic Shooting, Slovak Slovenskej Asociácie Dynamickej Streľby (SADS), is the Slovak association for practical shooting under the International Practical Shooting Confederation.
External links
Official homepage of SADS
References
Regions of the International Practical Shooting Confederation
Practical Shooting
Maisha Film Lab is a Uganda-based non-profit training film initiative for emerging East African filmmakers and mentorship programme for aspiring filmmakers and youth in Eastern Africa. It encompasses film production, screenwriting, directing, producing, cinematography, editing, sound recording, and acting.
Origins
Maisha was established in 2005 by film director Mira Nair. The name Maisha is from a Swahili word that means "life". Maisha aims to seek, identify, nurture, and promote creative talent among children and youth through hands-on skills development programmes in areas such as journalism, film-making, arts appreciation, and organisation and presentation of cultural and creative events.
Notable alumni
Below is a list of distinguished Maisha Film Lab alumni:
Ashiq Khan
Dilman Dila
Joel Karekezi
Lupita Nyong'o
Mariam Ndagire
Rehema Nanfuka
Usama Mukwaya
Rehema Nanfuka
Kivu Ruhorahoza
Joel Karekezi
Philbert Aime Mbabazi Sharangabo
Sam Ishiimwe
Abdu Simba
Zippy Kimundu
Patience Katushabe Asaba
References
External links
Film organisations in Uganda
2005 establishments in Uganda
Organizations established in 2005
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1668.
Events
c. February – The English Parliament and bishops seek to suppress Thomas Hobbes' treatise Leviathan.
September 9 – Molière's comedy The Miser (L'Avare) is first performed, at the Théâtre du Palais-Royal (rue Saint-Honoré) in Paris.
unknown date – Izaak Walton's The Compleat Angler goes into its fourth edition.
New books
Prose
Juan Caramuel – Primus calamus
Meric Casaubon – Of Credulity and Incredulity
Josiah Child – Brief Observations concerning Trade and the Interest of Money
Jean Claude – Réponse au livre de P. Nouet sur l'eucharistie
Jan Comenius – The Way of Light
John Dryden – Essay of Dramatick Poesie
Richard Duckworth and Fabian Stedman – Tintinnalogia, or, the Art of Ringing
Richard Flecknoe – Sir William Davenant's Voyage to the Other World
Hans Jakob Christoffel von Grimmelshausen – Simplicius Simplicissimus (first picaresque novel in German, dated 1669 but probably published this year)
Johannes Hevelius – Cometographia
Peter Heylin – Cyprianus Anglicanus (biography of William Laud)
Urban Hjärne – Stratonice (completed)
Adriaan Koerbagh – Een Bloemhof
Henry Neville – The Isle of Pines
William Penn – Truth Exalted
Francisco Santos – Periquillo el de las gallineras
John Wilkins – An Essay towards a Real Character and a Philosophical Language
Drama
Roger Boyle, 1st Earl of Orrery
Tryphon (performed)
Henry V (published)
Mustapha (published)
Margaret Cavendish – Plays, Never Before Printed, Written by the Thrice Noble, Illustrious, and Excellent Princess, the Duchess of Newcastle (closet dramas)
Sir William Davenant – The Man's the Master (a translation of Paul Scarron's Jodelet, ou le maître valet)
John Dryden – An Evening's Love
George Etherege – She Would If She Could
Sir Robert Howard – The Great Favourite or the Duke of Lerma
Molière
L'Avare (The Miser)
George Dandin ou le Mari confondu
Sir Charles Sedley – The Mulberry-Garden
Thomas Shadwell – The Sullen Lovers
Poetry
Abraham Cowley – Poemata Latina (posthumous)
Sir John Denham – Poems and Translations
Jean de La Fontaine – Fables choisies, mises en vers
Georg Stiernhielm – Musæ Suethizantes
Births
May 8 – Alain-René Lesage, French novelist and playwright (died 1747)
September – Joseph Bingham, scholar (died 1723)
November (baptised) – Thomas Woolston, deist writer (died 1731)
November 11 – Johann Albert Fabricius (died 1736)
December 21 – Herman Boerhaave, humanist (died 1738)
Deaths
April 7 – Sir William Davenant, poet and playwright (born 1606)
May 21 – Josephus Adjutus, theologian (born c. 1602)
August 9 – Jakob Balde, Latinist poet and academic (born 1604)
November 17 – Joseph Alleine, Nonconformist writer (born 1634)
December 11 – Marquise-Thérèse de Gorla, actress (born 1633)
December 22 – Stephen Daye, first American printer (born 1594)
December 23 – Martin Baučer, Slovene historian (born 1595)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
The reddish-winged bare-eye (Phlegopsis erythroptera) is a species of insectivorous passerine bird in the antbird family, Thamnophilidae.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The reddish-winged bare-eye was described by the English bird artist and ornithologist John Gould in 1855 and given the binomial name Formicarius erythroptera.
This species is a specialist ant-follower that relies upon swarms of army ants to flush insects and other arthropods out of the leaf litter.
References
reddish-winged bare-eye
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
Birds of Venezuela
reddish-winged bare-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Party of Communist Unification in the Canaries () was a communist party working for the political autonomy of the Canary Islands. PUCC appeared sometime in 1975, and held its first conference in 1978. PUCC originated from OPI a leftist split of the Communist Party of Spain. PUCC worked underground during caudillo Francisco Franco's Spanish State. The leader of PUCC was Paco Tovar Santos, and its internal bulletin was called Comunista ("Communist").
History
The party was founded in 1975 as a split of the Communist Party of Spain. The same year a member of the party, Antonio González Ramos, was killed by the Francoist State Spanish police.
In the 1977 general elections PUCC supported Frente Democrático de Izquierdas. In the second congress of PUCC in 1980, it changed its name to Movimiento de Izquierda Revolucionaria del Archipiélago Canario-PUCC. In 2012, PUCC was integrated in Communist Party of the People of Spain.
Bibliography
Partido de Unificación Comunista de Canarias, Canarias entre atlantismo y africanismo, Las Palmas de Gran Canaria : s.n., 1978 25 p. ; 23 cm I conferencia insular.
References
Political parties in the Canary Islands
Left-wing nationalist parties
Defunct communist parties in Spain
Defunct nationalist parties in Spain
Canaries, Party of Communist Unification in the Canaries
Canarian nationalist parties
Anti-Francoism
Political parties established in 1975
Political parties disestablished in 2012
1975 establishments in Spain
2012 disestablishments in Spain
The Nicaraguan seed finch (Sporophila nuttingi) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It is found in Costa Rica, Nicaragua and northwestern Panama.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, swamps, and heavily degraded former forest.
The scientific name of this bird commemorates the zoologist Charles Cleveland Nutting.
References
Nicaraguan seed finch
Birds of Nicaragua
Birds of Costa Rica
Nicaraguan seed finch
Taxa named by Robert Ridgway
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Jacques Rémy (21 June 1911 – 1 December 1981) was the pen name of Rémy Assayas or Raymond Assayas a Turkish-born Jewish French screenwriter.
Rémy is the father of film director and critic Olivier Assayas and writer Michka Assayas.
Selected filmography
The Damned (1947)
The Secret of Mayerling (1949)
The Fighting Men (1950)
The Big Meeting (1950)
Paris Vice Squad (1951)
Passion (1951)
Paris Is Always Paris (1951)
Matrimonial Agency (1952)
The House on the Dune (1952)
Cavallina storna (1953)
Passionate Song (1953)
Follow That Man (1953)
Beatrice Cenci (1956)
Engaged to Death (1957)
The Night Heaven Fell (1958)
The Cat (1958)
The Cat Shows Her Claws (1960)
All the Gold in the World (1961)
Casablanca, Nest of Spies (1963)
The Dirty Game (1965)
References
Bibliography
Dayna Oscherwitz & MaryEllen Higgins. The A to Z of French Cinema. Scarecrow Press, 2009.
External links
1911 births
1981 deaths
20th-century French screenwriters
Turkish Sephardi Jews
Turkish emigrants to France
Israeli Sephardi Jews
Israeli Mizrahi Jews
The Austrian Regional League West () was a third-tier division of Austrian football introduced in the 1980–81 season as successor of the Alpenliga. It covered the Austrian states of Salzburg, Tyrol (excepting East Tyrol) and Vorarlberg and was one of three leagues at this level.
2019–20 reformation
Due to high travel costs, the Vorarlberg and Tyrol clubs decide to form their own Elite ligas, forcing Salzburg to do so as well. The Eliteliga will be divided in a Regionalliga Salzburg, Regionalliga Tirol and Eliteliga Vorarlberg in the fall with 10 clubs each. The two best teams of these three regional leagues play in an Eliteliga play-off for promotion to the 2nd league.
Recent league champions
The most recent league champions:
References
External links
Austrian Regional League West tables & results at soccerway.com
Wes
Edward Ruddy was a U.S. soccer left fullback who played eighteen seasons in the American Soccer League. He also earned two caps with the U.S. national team in 1937.
American Soccer League
Ruddy began his professional career in 1933 with the Kearny Scots. He was with Brooklyn Hispano from at least 1938 to 1943 when he won the league title with Brooklyn. He also played with the Brooklyn Wanderers, Brookhattan and in 1950 signed with the Kearny Irish. He retired from playing professionally in 1951.
National team
Ruddy earned two caps with the U.S. national team in 1937. Both of his caps came in losses to Mexico in September 1937. The first was a 7-2 loss on September 12 and the second a 7-3 loss seven days later.
References
External links
National Soccer Hall of Fame eligibility profile
United States men's international soccer players
American Soccer League (1933–1983) players
Kearny Scots players
Brooklyn Hispano players
Brooklyn Wanderers (1942–1948) players
New York Brookhattan players
Kearny Irish players
Possibly living people
Association football defenders
American soccer players
Year of birth missing
The Formula E: Accelerate was a professional esports competition created by Formula E, following the success of 2020's ABB Formula E Race at Home Challenge in support of UNICEF. The competition was run on the platform of rFactor 2. The virtual tournament was broadcast on various Formula E social and streaming platforms, such as Twitch, Facebook, and YouTube.
In the open qualifiers that opened in January 2021, online racers were offered the incredible opportunity to earn a virtual seat on the official grid line-up for one of the 12 esports teams from the ABB FIA Formula E World Championship. Over 600 of the best pro sims around as well as plenty of talented gamers participated to vie for a spot in the official Formula E esports teams who competed in the Formula E: Accelerate and a chance to compete for a share of the €100,000 prize-pool and some real-world seat-time with laps in a Gen2 Formula E car.
Danish sim racer, Frederik Rasmussen crowned as the Formula E: Accelerate Champion ahead of Erhan Jajovski and gets his hands on the €20,000 top prize and a drive in a real Gen2 Formula E car. ROKiT Venturi Racing secured the Teams' Championship Title, finishing 36 points clear of the rest of Formula E field.
Teams and drivers
Calendar
Results
Season summary
Championship standings
Scoring system
Points were awarded to the top 10 classified finishers in the race, three points for pole sitter and one point was given to the driver who set the fastest lap inside the top ten.
In the event of a tie at the conclusion of the championship, a count-back system is used as a tie-breaker, with a driver'/teams' best result used to decide the standings.
Drivers' Championship standings
Note:
– Double points were awarded in the last race at the Rome ePrix, Rome.
Teams' Championship standings
Note:
– Double points were awarded in the last race at the Rome ePrix, Rome.
The standings are sorted by best result, rows are not related to the drivers. In case of tie on points, the best positions achieved determined the outcome.
References
External links
2021 in esports
2020–21 Formula E season
Taşkapı is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
Dr. Paul K. Weimer (November 5, 1914 – January 6, 2005) was a noted contributor to the development of television and the thin-film transistor (TFT).
Weimer was born in Wabash, Indiana. He received a B.A. in math and physics from Manchester University (Indiana) in 1936, an M.A. in physics from the University of Kansas in 1938, and a Ph.D. in physics from Ohio State University in 1942. He then joined the RCA laboratory in Princeton, New Jersey, where he worked until retirement in 1981.
His first assignment was to develop an electron multiplier to go with the Image Orthicon. This tube, which proved to be 100 times more sensitive than its predecessors, was used for the first 20 years of television broadcasting in the United States. In 1961, Weimer began making thin-film transistors in a coplanar process on glass substrates. In a typical process, he would deposit a gold source and drain, then deposit polycrystalline semiconductor material, and place a gate on top. After he placed an insulator between the gate and semiconductor, he got excellent results, as published in his 1962 paper, "The TFT: A New Thin-Film Transistor", in the Proceedings of the IRE.
Weimer held over 90 patents, and was a member of the National Academy of Engineering and fellow of the Institute for Radio Engineers. He received the IRE Television Prize, the 1966 IEEE Morris N. Liebmann Memorial Award, an individual RCA David Sarnoff Outstanding Achievement Award in Science, and the 1986 Kultur Preis of the German Photographic Society. He died in Princeton, New Jersey, at age 90.
See also
CMOS
References
External links
New York Times obituary, January 12, 2005
IEEE oral history
EE Times article
Princeton Town Topics obituary
1914 births
2005 deaths
American electrical engineers
Manchester University (Indiana) alumni
Ohio State University Graduate School alumni
University of Kansas alumni
20th-century American engineers
is a railway station in the city of Okazaki, Aichi, Japan, operated by Meitetsu.
Lines
Fujikawa Station is served by the Meitetsu Nagoya Main Line and is 23.1 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Toyohashi Station.
Station layout
The station has two opposed side platforms connected by a footbridge. The station has automated ticket machines, Manaca automated turnstiles and is unattended.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
Station history
Fujikawa Station was opened on April 1, 1926 as a station on the privately held Aichi Electric Railway. The Aichi Electric Railway was acquired by the Meitetsu Group on August 1, 1935. The station platforms and tracks were elevated on October 24, 1992.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2017, the station was used by an average of 4891 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Fujikawa-shuku
See also
List of Railway Stations in Japan
References
External links
Official web page
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1926
Railway stations in Aichi Prefecture
Stations of Nagoya Railroad
Okazaki, Aichi
Jered Stirling (born 13 October 1976) is a Scottish footballer, who played in the Scottish Premier League for Motherwell. He also played for several clubs in the Scottish Football League, including Partick Thistle and Albion Rovers.
External links
1976 births
Living people
Association football fullbacks
Scottish footballers
St Roch's F.C. players
Partick Thistle F.C. players
Motherwell F.C. players
Waterford F.C. players
Forfar Athletic F.C. players
Stranraer F.C. players
Albion Rovers F.C. players
Clydebank F.C. (1965) players
Ayr United F.C. players
Raith Rovers F.C. players
Elgin City F.C. players
Montrose F.C. players
Vale of Clyde F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
Scottish Premier League players
Footballers from Stirling
League of Ireland players
Timothy Patrick Gleason (born January 29, 1983) is an American former professional ice hockey defenseman and current assistant coach to the Carolina Hurricanes. Drafted by the Ottawa Senators in the first round, 23rd overall, at the 2001 NHL Entry Draft, Gleason played in the NHL for the Los Angeles Kings, Carolina Hurricanes, Toronto Maple Leafs and the Washington Capitals.
Playing career
Amateur
As a youth, Gleason played in the 1996 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with the Detroit Little Caesars minor ice hockey team.
After a standout junior ice hockey career with the Ontario Hockey League (OHL)'s Windsor Spitfires, Gleason was drafted in the first round, 23rd overall, of the 2001 NHL Entry Draft by the Ottawa Senators. Unable to come to terms on a contract with the Senators, Gleason was subsequently traded to the Los Angeles Kings in exchange for forward Bryan Smolinski on March 11, 2003.
Professional
After spending three years in the Kings organization, Gleason, along with Éric Bélanger, was traded to the Carolina Hurricanes on September 29, 2006, in exchange for defensemen Oleg Tverdovsky and Jack Johnson. Gleason stayed with the Hurricanes until January 1, 2014, when he was acquired by the Toronto Maple Leafs in a trade for John-Michael Liles and Dennis Robertson. On June 30, 2014, however, Gleason was placed on unconditional waivers by the Maple Leafs for the purpose of a contract buyout.
On July 3, 2014, Gleason returned to the Carolina Hurricanes as a free agent, signing a one-year, $1.2 million contract. In the 2014–15 season, Gleason resumed his physical role on the Hurricanes' blueline, appearing in 55 games and registering seven points before he was traded to the Washington Capitals in exchange for Jack Hillen and a fourth-round draft pick in 2015 on February 28, 2015.
International
Gleason played for the United States at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, winning a silver medal.
Playing style
Gleason is known for his toughness and gritty play, including the diving effort he made for the Hurricanes to prevent the puck from leaving the offensive zone in Game 7 of the 2009 Eastern Conference Semi-finals against the New Jersey Devils, which ultimately led to a game-tying goal. He also took a puck to the face whilst playing against the Washington Capitals in 2009, but returned to the ice after multiple stitches to eventually score the tying goal on a breakaway.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1983 births
American men's ice hockey defensemen
Carolina Hurricanes coaches
Carolina Hurricanes players
Ice hockey players from Michigan
Ice hockey players at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Living people
Los Angeles Kings players
Medalists at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Manchester Monarchs (AHL) players
National Hockey League first round draft picks
Olympic silver medalists for the United States in ice hockey
Ottawa Senators draft picks
People from Clawson, Michigan
Toronto Maple Leafs players
Washington Capitals players
Windsor Spitfires players
Great Cornish Families: A History of the People and Their Houses is a book by Crispin Gill, published in 1995. A second edition was published in 2011 (). Crispin Gill, at the time of the book's publication, lived in Plymouth and was assistant editor of the Western Morning News. The book names many notable families that have featured prominently in Cornwall's history.
Gill's great families
Gill chooses the following families:
The great Arundells of Lanherne, Arundells of Trerice
Bassets of Tehidy
Merchant princes, the Bolithos
Boscawens, the Earls of Falmouth, Cornwall
Carew Poles of Anthony
Edgcumbes of Mount Edgcumbe House
The Eliots, Earls of St Germans
Godolphins of Godolphin
The Gallant Grenvilles
The Piratical Killigrews, the Theatrical Killigrews
Molesworth St Aubyns of Pencarrow
Prideauxs of Padstow
Rashleighs of Menabilly, The Rashleigh baronets
Agar-Robarteses of Lanhydrock
St Aubyns of St Michael's Mount
Treffrys of Fowey
Shall Trelawny die?
The romantic Trevanions
Vivians of Glynn
Vyvyans of Trelowarren
The Mining Williamses
The Penroses of Killiow
Additional families
Gill's list of important families not included above
In the introduction to Great families . . . , the following additional potentially great families are mentioned. They were not included in the list as they were deemed by him to have failed to "found a dynasty":
Buller family of Morval, Cornwall, later of Downes in Devon, founders of a great dynasty.
Carminow family
Coryton family of Pentillie
Fortescue family of Boconnoc
Harvey family of Hayle
Hawkins family of Trewithen
Kendall of Pelyn
Sir. John Fauell, Baron (1245-1291) - Elizabeth Fauell
Female (1275- ) - Roger Favel
Lemon family of Carclew
Roscarrock family of St Endellion
Smith-Dorrien-Smith family of Tresco
Tangye family
Tregoning family of Landue, Lezant
Tremayne family of Heligan
Trevelyan family
Other
Trefusis of Trefusis Manor, Flushing, near Falmouth, see Baron Clinton
Deacon's list of important families
Bernard Deacon in his History of Cornwall (2007) suggests the following family names ("merchant bourgeois" who joined the "gentry" from the latter part of the 18th century): Williams, Bolitho, Fox, Davey of Redruth, Daniell of Truro, Harvey of Gwennap, Foster of Lostwithiel.
Landowners
Table of Principal Cornish Landowners, mid-nineteenth century (ranked)
Lord Falmouth
Lord Robartes
G. M. Fortescue
G. L. Basset
Earl of Mount Edgcumbe
C. H. T. Hawkins
Sir R. R. Vyvyan
Col. A. Tremayne
Augustus Coryton
F. Rodd
J. M. Williams
J. J. Rogers
Earl of St Germans
Revd A. Molesworth-St Aubyn
Sir J. Trelawney
C. P. Brune
Edward Coode
Col. S. M. Grylls
Source: Returns of owners of land in England & Wales – House of Commons Sessional papers 1872-3: paper No. 1874 lixxii, quoted in Edwin Jaggard Cornwall politics in the age of reform 1790–1855, (1999).
*(Source: Who owns Britain ? by Kevin Cahill) (Based on Return of Owners of Land, 1873)
See also
Lord Lieutenant of Cornwall
High Sheriff of Cornwall
Landed gentry
Parliamentary representation from Cornwall
:Category:Cornish politicians
Cornish heraldry
References
History of Cornwall
British biographical dictionaries
Cornish families
Blood Red Dragon is a 2011 limited epic fantasy comic series created by Stan Lee and Yoshiki published in 2011 by Image Comics. Todd McFarlane served as the series' creative director. The series was written by Jon Goff with art from Carlo Soriano and Crimelab Syndicate.
Summary
Rock star musician Yoshiki discovers superpowers and turns into the Blood Red Dragon. He battles evil forces and assassins in the war with Oblivion, led by the mass murderer Ky'Rann the Slayer. Yoshiki is aided by the beautiful and deadly Shrine Maidens of the Dragon Temple.
Development
Yoshiki and Stan Lee met at a fundraiser in 2009. "He asked me what I do. I said rock star," said Yoshiki. Then Yoshiki asked Lee what he did. He said, "I make superheroes." Yoshiki responded with, "Great, are you going to make me a superhero someday?"
Todd McFarlane joined the project as creative director. When developing Yoshiki's portrayal in the comic, McFarlane said "Yoshiki kind of flaunts his androgynousness. He was quick to point out that he didn't want to be muscle-bound. When he turns into the dragon character, he didn't want it to be like the Hulk. He wanted to be lean and mean."
Yoshiki oversaw the project's overall creative direction, and Jon Goff wrote the series's script based on a treatment from Lee. "Stan put together a treatment that established the groundwork for the story. This included a pretty thorough outline for the basic origin of the Blood Red Dragon and the threats he would face, as well as some very specific story beats that served as the foundation for some of the action set pieces. From there, Stan contacted Todd about developing the book further, with the express intent that Todd would help guide the visual sense and presentation of the story."
Publication History
The project was first revealed at San Diego Comic Con in 2011. McFarlane announced that a limited edition run of issues would contain a sound chip to tie in to the music theme of the series. "We're going to be doing a musical comic book, like those musical cards you get at the Hallmark store. There will be a sound chip in the comic book so it plays a riff when you open it. Those are only going to be at Comic-Con."
Yoshiki and Lee appeared at New York Super Week in October 2014, sponsored by New York Comic Con, for a panel about Blood Red Dragon. The event was connected to X Japan's concert at Madison Square Garden that same week.
Reception
Alt Press named Blood Red Dragon in its 2020 list of "13 Comics Books That Would Make Incredible TV Series", saying that the series "simply kicked ass". IGN was disappointed in the simplistic story, claiming "In a book that should be pulsing with the layered complexity of X Japan's precise guitars, crushing drums, and soaring vocals, we get a no-frills story about a scant few mystically-powered heroes as humanity's only hope against an overwhelming evil horde."
References
External links
Blood Red Dragon official website
Characters created by Stan Lee
Characters created by Todd McFarlane
Image Comics male superheroes
Image Comics titles
Robert Emmet Lucey (March 16, 1891 – August 1, 1977) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as the second bishop of the Diocese of Amarillo in Texas from 1934 to 1941 and as the second archbishop of Archdiocese of San Antonio in Texas from 1941 to 1969.
Biography
Early life
Lucey was born in Los Angeles, California to John Joseph and Marie Lucey on March 16, 1891. He began his college education at St. Vincent's College and completed the rest at Saint Patrick's Seminary in Menlo Park, California in 1912. Lucey then went to Rome to reside at the Pontifical North American College. In 1916, he received a Doctor of Sacred Theology degree at the University of the Propaganda there.
Priesthood
On May 14, 1916, Lucey was ordained a priest in the Church of St. Apollinaris in Rome by Archbishop Giuseppe Cepetelli.
During the next five years in Los Angeles, Lucey was assistant pastor of several parishes which included St. Vibiana's Cathedral, Immaculate Conception Parish, Immaculate Heart of Mary Parish, and St. Anthony's in Long Beach. Among the positions that he held were chaplain of the Newman Club at the University of Los Angeles and diocesan director of Catholic Charities (1921–1925) of the California Conference of Social Work (1923–24), director of Catholic Hospitals for the diocese (1924–1934), and board member of the California State Department of Social Welfare (1924–1930).
Bishop of Amarillo
Lucey was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Amarillo on February 10, 1934.On March 1, 1934, Archbishop Amleto Cicognani, consecrated Lucey at St. Vibiana's Cathedral in Los Angeles. There he established a newspaper called the Texas Panhandle Register.
Archbishop of San Antonio
On January 23, 1941 Pope Pius XII appointed Lucey Archbishop of San Antonio. He was installed by Cicognani at the Cathedral of San Fernando in San Antonio on March 27, 1941. Lucey helped establish the Yorktown Memorial Hospital in Yorktown, Texas, the Czech Catholic Home for the Aged, and the Huth Memorial Hospital and created 29 clinics throughout Southwest Texas.
In the early 1950's, Lucey ordered the racial integration of all schools in the archdiocese. He also stipulated that the archdiocese only use unionized labor for its construction projects and supported union organizing efforts by farmworkers in Texas. In 1965, he gave his full support to the national War on Poverty program of the Johnson Administration. Furey cofounded the juvenile rehabilitation program the Patrician Movement and created the equal play advocacy organization Project Equality in 1965.
In September 1968, while dedicating a new church rectory in Stonewall, Texas, with President Lyndon Johnson in attendance, Lucey praised the US involvement in the Vietnam War, contending that it reflected the peace efforts of Pope Paul VI. However, the pope had previously called on Johnson to stop the bombing of North Vietnam. Lucey later took a trip to Saigon to serve as an observer to the presidential election in what was then South Vietnam.
Retirement and legacy
On July 4, 1969, Paul VI accepted Lucey's resignation as archbishop of San Antonio. Robert Lucey died in San Antonio on August 1, 1977. He was buried at Holy Cross Cemetery, which had been built on a plot of land in Bexar County that he'd acquired for the church.
References
External links
1891 births
1977 deaths
People from Los Angeles
20th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in the United States
Participants in the Second Vatican Council
Roman Catholic bishops of Amarillo
Roman Catholic archbishops of San Antonio
Catholics from California
The women's 50 metres hurdles event at the 1981 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 21 February.
Medalists
Results
Heats
First 3 from each heat (Q) and the next 3 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals
First 3 from each semifinal qualified directly (Q) for the final.
Final
References
60 metres hurdles at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
50
Euro
Esch is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant. It is located in the municipality of Boxtel.
History
The village was first mentioned in 773 or 774 as Hesc, and probably means "ash (Fraxinus excelsior) forest". Esch is a church village which developed in the Early Middle Ages along the Esserstroom. The Abbey of Echternach had possessions in Esch back in the 8th century.
The tower of the St Willibrordus Church dates from the late-15th century. The church was built between 1926 and 1927 in Byzantine Revival style. The convert Sancta Monica was built in 1895 by the missionary sisters Onze-Lieve-Vrouwe van Afrika (Our Lady of Africa). In 2012, the convent was convert into an apartment building.
Esch was home to 245 people in 1840. Esch was a separate municipality until 1996, when it was merged with Haaren.
Gallery
References
Municipalities of the Netherlands disestablished in 1996
Populated places in North Brabant
Former municipalities of North Brabant
Boxtel
Palmetto Armory is a national historic site located at 810 6th St., W., Palmetto, Florida in Manatee County.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 17, 2012.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Manatee County, Florida
Armories on the National Register of Historic Places in Florida
Château de Fallais (Fallais Castle) is a castle originating in the 11th century in the ancienne commune of Fallais, municipality of Braives, Liège Province, Wallonia, Belgium.
The castle was built in the 13th Century by the Beaufort family. Twice the lords were involved in armed conflicts with the Prince-Bishopric of Liège. The first conflict was the so-called war of cows in the period of 1275–1278, fought between Guy I, Count of Namur, and John of Enghien, Prince-Bishop of Liege.
In 1458 Philip the Good, Duke of Burgundy, made his 18-year-old nephew, Louis de Bourbon, the Prince-Bishop of Liege. When Louis finished his studies and took on his duties in 1465, the First Liège War broke out when Louis was deposed by the citizens of the city of Liège. In October 1465, Louis met with his cousin, Charles the Bold (future Duke of Burgundy) at Château de Fallais. Charles then led the Burgundians to the Battle of Montenaken, where they routed the Liégeoise, suppressing the rebellion and ensuring the loss of autonomy of Liège until 1477.
See also
List of castles in Belgium
External links
Château de Fallais
Fallais Castle www.castles.nl
Castles in Belgium
Castles in Liège Province
Francisco Javier Girón, 2nd Duke of Ahumada (born 11 March 1803) was a Spanish Army officer known for being the founder of the Civil Guard and its first director-general.
Biography
Family
Girón was born in an important military-aristocratic family, the House of Girón, an ancient family that dates back to the 12th century. Girón was the son of Pedro Agustín Girón, 1st Duke of Ahumada and 4th Marquess of Amarillas. He was also a descendant of Pedro Téllez-Girón, better known as Pedro Girón, Master of the Order of Calatrava between 1445 and 1466. On the maternal side, he also belonged to a noble family traditionally linked to arms. His mother was Concepción Ezpeleta Enrile, who was the daughter of General José Manuel de Ezpeleta, 1st Count of Ezpeleta de Beire, who was Viceroy of Navarre and Viceroy of New Granada.
On behalf of his father, Girón was nephew of Luis de las Casas y Aragorri, Governor-General of Cuba and Captain-General of Cádiz and grandson of General Castaños. On the other hand, he was also a descendant of the Aztec emperor Moctezuma II, on the part of the mother of his paternal grandfather Jerónimo Girón y Moctezuma, 3rd Marquess of the Amarillas.
Likewise, on the mother's side, he was nephew of the José María Ezpeleta, 7th Marquess of Montehermoso, Fermín Ezpeleta and Joaquín Ezpeleta, all of them politicians and military, and nephew of Pascual Enrile y Alcedo, Governor-General of the Philippines.
Finally, he was the great-grandson of Jerónimo Enrile y Guerci, director of the General Asiento in Havana and 1st Marquess of Casa Enrile, and great-grandson of Simon de Aragorri y Olavide, a wealthy banker of French-Spanish origin who was Minister of Finance during the reign of Carlos III and key man in the Court of Madrid, according to impressions of Alexander Humboldt during his trip to Spain in 1799.
Military career
The Spanish uprising against the French invasion led his father to the battlefield, where he would achieve honors and fame fighting Napoleon's troops. Girón remained in the house of his paternal grandfather, Jerónimo Girón y Moctezuma.
With such family, Girón entered in the Army very soon, at the age of 12. Girón was against the uprising of General Rafael del Riego in 1820 and that forced him to go to exile during the Liberal Triennium. After the restoration of absolutism in 1823, he came back from exile. In 1829 he was promoted to lieutenant colonel and assigned to Seville.
In 1831 he reached the rank of colonel —which supposed a double family joy, because said rise coincided with that of his father to captain general—, and in 1834 he was promoted to brigadier.
Under the orders of General Narváez he takes part in almost all the clashes that take place in Castile and Andalusia between the government army and the supporters of Carlos María Isidro de Borbón, brother of Fernando VII and uncle, therefore, of Isabel II. After the First Carlist War, his merits were recognized in campaign and loyalty to the Queen with the promotion to field marshal and the appointment as Military Inspector-General.
In 1842, when his father died, he assumed the titles of Marquess of the Amarillas, inherited from his grandfather, and of Duke of Ahumada, granted to his father by the Queen Governor, Maria Christina of the Two Sicilies.
Civil Guard
On April 15, 1844, the government led by prime minister Luis González Bravo entrusted him with the task of organizing a new law enforcement corp, the Civil Guard. The Duke was chosen because of his fame of an orderly person with an extraordinary capacity for work and meticulousness. The Duke dedicated all his forces to create an effective police corp under the principles of courage, discipline, rigid instruction, dedication to others and subordination to established power.
The Duke of Ahumada was Director-General of the Civil Guard (at that time called Inspector-General) between 1844 and 1854 and from 1856 to 1858.
Last years
The Duke entered in politics in 1844, being elected senator from Córdoba from 1844 to 1846 and from 1861 to 1862. During 1845 to 1846 Girón was life senator.
In November 1846 he was promoted to Lieutenant General and was named Commander-General of the Alabarderos Company of the Royal Guard. In possession of the most important decorations, obtained during a military career of more than half a century, the 2nd Duke of Ahumada and 5th Marquess of the Amarillas, died in Madrid on December 18, 1869.
References
1803 births
1869 deaths
Civil Guard (Spain)
Spanish army officers
Recipients of the Order of Isabella the Catholic
Recipients of the Order of Christ (Portugal)
Grand Crosses of the Royal and Military Order of San Hermenegild
Laureate Cross of Saint Ferdinand
Military personnel of the First Carlist War
Members of the Senate of Spain
Mari Lynn Kruger Leavitt (née Hyzer; born 1968) is an American politician from Washington. She serves in the Washington House of Representatives for 28th legislative district in Pierce County.
Leavitt earned an associate degree from Tacoma Community College. She later earned bachelor's and master's degrees from Western Washington University before getting her PhD in Community College Leadership at Oregon State University.
She has served as the chair of the Pierce County's Ethics Commission.
Leavitt was first elected in 2018, when she defeated Dick Muri, the incumbent Republican representative.
Election results
References
External links
Women state legislators in Washington (state)
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
Living people
Washington (state) Democrats
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
1968 births
Ashur-dan III (Neo-Assyrian cuneiform: , meaning "Ashur is strong") was the king of the Neo-Assyrian Empire from 773 BC to his death in 755 BC. Ashur-dan was a son of Adad-nirari III (811–783 BC) and succeeded his brother Shalmaneser IV as king. He ruled during a period of Assyrian decline from which few sources survive. As such his reign, other than broad political developments, is poorly known. At this time, the Assyrian officials were becoming increasingly powerful relative to the king and at the same time, Assyria's enemies were growing more dangerous. Ashur-dan's reign was a particularly difficult one as he was faced with two outbreaks of plague and five of his eighteen years as king were devoted to putting down revolts.
Biography
Ashur-dan III was a son of Adad-nirari III (811–783 BC). He succeeded his brother Shalmaneser IV as king in 773 BC. Shalmaneser IV's reign began an obscure period in Assyrian history from which little information survives, a period that also fully covers Ashur-dan III's reign, which has a result is very poorly known. During this period, the Neo-Assyrian Empire experienced a period of decline. In particular, the power of the king himself was being threatened due to the emergence of extraordinarily powerful officials, whom while they accepted the authority of the Assyrian monarch in practice acted with supreme authority themselves and began to issue their own inscriptions, similar to those of the kings. Such inscriptions by officials are more common from this time than inscriptions from the kings themselves. At the same time, the enemies of Assyria grew stronger. This period of Assyrian decline for instance coincided with the peak of the northern Kingdom of Urartu. It was customary for an Assyrian king to campaign every year, but Ashur-dan stayed in Assyria in four of the years of his reign, perhaps a sign of domestic instability.
Only a single fragmentary royal inscription, on a clay cone, survives from Ashur-dan. This badly preserved inscription describes some restoration work on the main courtyard of the main temple in the city of Assur, dedicated to the Assyrian national god Ashur. Another inscription, a dedication on a bronze statue mentioning the name Ashur-dan, was previously believed to come from Ashur-dan III's time, but it is almost certainly instead from the time of the earlier Ashur-dan I (1179–1134 BC).
Inscriptions from after Ashur-dan's reign that mention him include the Assyrian King List (from which the length of his reign is known) and a later list of eponyms (year names) that include the eponyms of his reign. From the list of eponyms, it is known that Ashur-dan campaigned in Babylonia in 770 BC, against the city of Marad. It is possible that a letter written to the god Ashur from a king in this obscure period refers to this campaign, but it might alternatively have been written in the reign of Shalmaneser IV. Ashur-dan's first campaign, in 772 BC, was against Hatarikka in northern Syria. Given that this city had previously been under Assyrian control, the fact that Ashur-dan had to wage war on it in 772 BC (and in two later campaigns as well) indicates that Assyria's dominion over its westernmost territories was deteriorating. Other early campaigns of Ashur-dan recorded in the eponyms include 771 and 767 BC campaigns against Gananati and a 769 BC campaign against Ituʾa. Both Gananati and Ituʾa were probably cities in Babylonia. In 766, Ashur-dan campaigned against the Medes and in 765 he again warred against Hatarikka.
After 765 BC, the eponyms suggest a very unstable time. Plague is reported in both 765 and 759 BC and a revolt in the Assyrian heartland is recorded from 763–762 BC, a revolt in Arrapha 761–760 BC and a revolt in Guzana 759–758 BC until peace was at last restored in 758 BC. Perhaps the many revolts were in response to the plague epidemic as well as the Bur-Sagale solar eclipse on 15 June 763 BC. Solar eclipses, especially full eclipses that were visible to everyone in the empire (as was the case for this eclipse) were always interpreted as bad omens, and as such the epidemic and the eclipse may have been interpreted as the gods withdrawing their divine support for Ashur-dan's rule. The last campaign noted in the eponyms is a third campaign to Hatarikka in 755. It is probable that some, or perhaps even all, of the campaigns were actually led by Shamshi-ilu, rather than the king. Ashur-dan died in 755 BC and was succeeded by his brother, Ashur-nirari V.
Titles
In the clay cone from Assur, Ashur-dan is accorded the following titulature:
References
Sources
755 BC deaths
8th-century BC Assyrian kings
Year of birth unknown
Honorius may refer to:
People
Honorius (emperor) (Flavius Honorius Augustus, 384–423), western Roman emperor 395–423
Honorius of Canterbury (Saint Honorius, died 653), archbishop of Canterbury 627–653
Honoratus of Amiens (Saint Honorius of Amiens), bishop of Amiens
Pope Honorius I (died 638), Pope 625–638
Pope Honorius II (died 1130), Pope 1124–1130
Pope Honorius III (1150–1227), Pope 1216–1227
Pope Honorius IV (1210–1287), Pope 1285–1287
Antipope Honorius II (died 1072), 1061–1064
Honorius of Thebes, dates unknown
Honorius Augustodunensis (Honorius of Autun, 1080–1151), Christian theologian, 12th century
Honorius of Kent, died after 1210, Archdeacon of Richmond and canonist
Other uses
Honorius (plant), a genus of plants
Honorius, a character in the Bartimaeus Trilogy
See also
Honoré
Rising Sun is the fifth studio album by the American hardcore punk band Stray from the Path. The album was released on August 30, 2011 by Sumerian Records.
Track listing
Personnel
Andrew Dijorio - vocals
Tom Williams - guitars
Anthony Altamura - bass guitar, vocals
Dan Bourke - drums
Produced, mixed and mastered by Will Putney
Engineered by Will Putney, Diego Farias and Taylor Voletz at Farias Production Studios and Threshold Studios
Vocal production by Ash Avildsen and Shawn Keith
Artwork and photo by Daniel McBride and Kathy Christensen
Band photo by Karen Jerzyk
References
2011 albums
Stray from the Path albums
Sumerian Records albums
Albums produced by Will Putney
The following is a list of awards and nominations received by Michael Shannon, an American actor known for his roles on the stage and screen.
Michael Shannon received two Academy Award nominations for Best Supporting Actor his performances in the Sam Mendes period drama Revolutionary Road (2008) and for the Tom Ford psychological thriller Nocturnal Animals (2016). He received a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture nomination for his role in Ramin Bahrani's drama 99 Homes (2015). He also received three Screen Actors Guild Award nominations winning twice for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series along with the cast of the HBO period crime series Boardwalk Empire. In 2016 he received a Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play nomination for his performance as James Tyrone, Jr. in the Broadway revival production of the Eugene O'Neill play Long Day's Journey into Night.
Major associations
Academy Awards
Golden Globe Awards
Screen Actors Guild Awards
Tony Awards
Theatre awards
Miscellaneous awards
References
Shannon, Michael
McSorley and MacSorley are surnames in the English language. The names are Anglicised forms of the Gaelic Mac Somhairle.
People with the surname
McSorley
Chris McSorley (born 1962), Canadian ice hockey coach and executive
Cisco McSorley (born 1950), Democratic member of the New Mexico senate
Ernest M. McSorley (1912–1975), last captain of the ill-fated Laker-type freighter SS Edmund Fitzgerald
Fred MacSorley ( 2011), medical doctor from Northern Ireland
Gerard McSorley (born 1950), Irish theatre, television and film actor
Jade McSorley (born 1988), English model
Jean McSorley, English/Australian anti-nuclear campaigner
John McSorley (born 1941), English athlete
Marty McSorley (born 1963), Canadian professional ice-hockey player
Mary McSorley, Irish nationalist politician
Richard McSorley (1914–2002), American Jesuit priest, peace activist and writer
Tom McSorley, Canadian film critic and scholar
Trace McSorley (born 1995), American professional football quarterback
Trick McSorley (1852–1936), American professional baseball player
Places
McSorley Hill, a K30 ski jumping hill located in Red Wing, Minnesota, United States, opened in 1887.
See also
McSorley's Old Ale House
Dubhghall mac Ruaidhrí, (died 1268), Norse-Gaelic monarch, sometimes known as Mac Sorley
References
Anglicised Irish-language surnames
English-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames from given names
Pheidole decepticon (named after the Decepticons from the toy line Transformers) is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
Habitat and distribution
Pheidole decepticon is a relatively widespread megacephala group species on the islands neighboring Madagascar. It occurs on the Comoros (Anjouan Island), Mayotte, Juan de Nova Island, and on the Cosmoledo Atoll of the Seychelles, which is located about 415 km northeast of Mayotte. Morphologically very similar to P. megacephala and P. megatron, the three are the only megacephala group species currently encountered on the smaller islands. Other species, such as the previously reported P. punctulata, were not collected recently on any of the islands. On Anjouan Island P. decepticon occurs together with P. megacephala and P. megatron. The latter was collected in lowland dry forest, coastal scrub land, and in a coconut plantation, while P. decepticon was found in rainforest, lowland coastal forest, Casuarina forest, old settlements, coral karst scrubland, and along roadsides. Pheidole megacephala was not found in forested habitats on Anjouan, but was collected once from within a coastal village. Whether the other two species occur in direct sympatry, or if they are spatially or ecologically separated is not known.
Description
The minor and major workers of P. decepticon are best separated from those of the other two species (P. megacephala and P. megatron) by their standing hairs, which are more abundant, fine and acute compared to the more sparsely distributed standing hairs that often end in blunt or bifurcate apices in P. megacephala and P. megatron. In addition, the postpetiolar ventral process of the major workers is less roundly convex and slightly smaller in the P. decepticon specimens.
See also
Pheidole megatron, another species with a name from the Transformers toyline
References
decepticon
Insects described in 2013
Bruce is a male given name.
Bruce may also refer to:
People
Bruce (actor), Taiwanese actor
Bruce (Russian nobility), Russian noble family of Scottish origin
Bruce (surname)
Clan Bruce, a Scottish clan
House of Bruce, a Scottish Royal house
Robert the Bruce (1274–1329), King of Scotland
Places
Australia
Bruce, Australian Capital Territory, a suburb of Canberra
Bruce, South Australia, a town and locality
Division of Bruce, an electoral division in Victoria
Canada
Bruce, Alberta
Bruce (Alberta provincial electoral district)
Bruce County, Ontario
Bruce (Ontario provincial electoral district)
Bruce Nuclear Generating Station
Bruce Island (Nunavut)
Bruce Mountains, a mountain range on Baffin Island, Nunavut
Bruce Trail, a hiking trail in Ontario
New Zealand
Bruce (New Zealand electorate), a former parliamentary electorate
Bruce statistical area, a census area and ward in the Clutha District
United States
Bruce, Florida, a place in Florida
Bruce, Minnesota
Bruce, Mississippi
Bruce, South Dakota
Bruce, West Virginia
Bruce, Wisconsin
Bruce Creek (disambiguation), several creeks
Bruce Township (disambiguation)
Elsewhere
Bruce (crater), on the Moon
Bruce Island, Russian Arctic
Arts, entertainment, and media
"Bruce" (song), by Rick Springfield, 1984
Bruce, a great white shark character in Finding Nemo
Bruce, the nickname given to the shark in Jaws
Bruce the Moose, a character in the television series Degrassi: The Next Generation
The Bruce (film), a 1996 film about Robert the Bruce
Bruce Publishing Company, an American Catholic publisher acquired by Benziger
Maritime
Bruce (anchor), a type of anchor
Bruce (ship), a 19th-century British sailing ship
USS Bruce (DD-329), a US Navy destroyer
See also
Bruce protocol, a diagnostic test used in the evaluation of cardiac function
The Brus, a 14th-century narrative poem by John Barbour
Mahmudabad (, also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād; also known as Maḩmūdābād-e Vābasteh Beh Khabr) is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 37, in 5 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The Cerchezoaia is a right tributary of the river Prut in Romania. It flows into the Prut near Vladomira. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Iași County
Tributaries of the Prut
Amplexidiscus fenestrafer, also known as the elephant ear anemone, is a species of coral belonging to the phylum Cnidaria. The name "elephant ear anemone" is a misnomer because it is actually a species of coral. It is the only species in the monotypic genus Amplexidiscus.
Description
The visible part of its body corresponds to its oral region and forms a flexible disc, when it is deployed, endowed with cone-shaped tentacles. Its diameter can reach and its coloration is light beige to brown.
Distribution & habitat
This coral is often forming small colony in depth on the top reef in tropical waters Indo-West Pacific area.
Feeding
Its diet is highly varied and goes from the production of its zooxanthellae to numerous animals which find themselves trapped by the oral disk as benthic invertebrates, crustaceans, worms, echinoderms and even fishes. When the prey is trapped and the anemone is starting its digestion, the lobed edges are raised towards the center of the disk and form a ball.
References
Discosomidae
Monotypic cnidarian genera
Hexacorallia genera
Nola is a town and a municipality in the Metropolitan City of Naples, Campania, southern Italy. It lies on the plain between Mount Vesuvius and the Apennines. It is traditionally credited as the diocese that introduced bells to Christian worship.
History
Prehistory
Excavations at Nola-Croce del Papa have uncovered extensive evidence of a small village quickly abandoned at the time of the Avellino Eruption in the 17th century BC. This powerful eruption from Mount Vesuvius caused the inhabitants to leave behind a wide range of pottery and other artefacts. The foundations of their buildings are also preserved in imprints among the mud left by the eruption.
Antiquity
Nola was one of the oldest cities of Campania, with its most ancient coins bearing the name Nuvlana. It was later said to have been founded by the Ausones, who were certainly occupying the city by BC. It once vied in luxury with Capua. During the Roman invasion of Naples in 328 BC, Nola was probably occupied by the Oscans in alliance with the Samnites. Amid the Samnite War, the Romans took the town in 313 BC.
Under Roman rule, the city was the site of the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd Battles of Nola during Hannibal's invasion of Italy amid the Second Punic War. On two occasions (215 and 214 BC), it was defended by Marcellus. It fell by treason to the Samnites during the Social War. It was stormed by Spartacus during his failed slave revolt. The emperor Augustus died nearby at his sumptuous villa at Somma Vesuviana on 19 August AD 14, in allegedly the same room his father died in 72 years earlier.
Augustus and Vespasian settled colonies in the area. In the Roman road network, Nola lay between Capua and Lower Nocera on the Via Popilia. A branch road ran from it to Abella and Avellino. Though a relative backwater, Nola retained its status as a , its own institutions, and the use of the Oscan language. It was divided into , the names of some of which are preserved: , , . The discoveries of the pavement of the ancient city have not been noted with sufficient care to recover most of the plan, but a large number of Grecian vases were made at Nola, using its fine yellow clay and a shining black glaze. They are decorated with red figures.
Following the rise of Christianity, it became a bishopric. One bishop, the Christian senator Paulinus, is traditionally credited with the introduction of the use of bells to Christian worship.<ref name=dingdong>{{citation |contribution=Bell |title=''Encyclopædia Britannica, 9th ed., Vol. III |editor-last=Baynes |editor-first=Thomas Spencer |display-editors=0 |publisher=Charles Scribner's Sons |location=New York |date=1878 |ref= |pages=536–7 }}.</ref> His small handbells were subsequently known as s for his seat and the larger tower bells as s from the surrounding area. Revered as a saint, Paulinus's relics turned the town into a site of Christian pilgrimage.
Middle Ages
Nola was sacked by Alaric in 410 and by the Vandals under Gaiseric in 453. It was liberated from Muslim invaders by Muslims in 904 and captured by Manfred of Sicily in the 13th century. Under Charles of Anjou, it was held by Guy de Montfort as the . It was inherited by his eldest daughter's Orsini husband and then held by members of their family.
Modern age
The 1460 Battle of Nola is noteworthy for the clever stratagem by which John, duke of Calabria, defeated Ferdinand, king of Naples, who fled the field with only 20 followers. Ferdinand, however, was supported by Pope Pius II, the duke of Milan, and the Albanian lord Skanderbeg. With his wife Isabella successfully wooing John's major supporters away, the king recovered his domain over the next decade. Nola itself subsequently lost its importance after its repeated destruction by earthquakes in the 15th and 16th centuries. The nearby Cicala Castle was the birthplace of Giordano Bruno (. 1548).
In 1820, General Pepe's revolution began in Nola. The sculptor Giovanni Merliano was a native of the city; and some of his works are preserved in the cathedral.
Nola is a suburb of Naples. In the 1990s to the 2000s, a waste management crisis broke out in the city as a result of illegal dumping by the Camorra. Most of the waste was dumped between Nola, Acerra, and Marigliano, referred to as the "Triangle of Death". A 2004 study by Alfredo Mazza published in The Lancet Oncology revealed that deaths by cancer in the area are much higher than the European average.
Sights
Although Roman ruins, including an amphitheatre and temple to Augustus, survived as long as the 16th century, they were then plundered for building material and few signs remain. A few tombs are preserved, and results from excavations are displayed at the Archaeological Museum. Other sites include:
Nola Cathedral: a Gothic church (rebuilt in 1593, and again starting 1866)
St Thomas's (; built in the 3rd century, decorated with frescoes 9–11th century, later renovated)
Old Cathedral (; according to tradition, first built AD 95, rebuilt 1190, reduced 1593, renovated in the Baroque style 1740s)
Orsini Palace (; first built in 1470, later modified and renovated)
San Biago's, a late-Renaissance church decorated with polychrome marble and 17th-century Neapolitan paintings
Seminario Vescovile Nola, the local seminary, which preserves the Cippus Abellanus Oscan inscriptions
Cicala Castle
Giordano Bruno monument
Notable people
Gaius Octavius, politician and father of the Roman emperor Augustus, died at Nola in 59 BC
Augustus, founder of the Roman Empire, died at Nola 19 August AD 14
St Felix of Nola
St Paulinus of Nola, senator, bishop, and theologian
Luigi Tansillo
Giovanni Merliano, whose work is well represented in the cathedral
Ambrogio Leo, a doctor
Nicola Antonio Stigliola, a philosopher
Giordano Bruno, who referred to himself as the and his work as Nicola Napolitano, brigand
Pasquale Russo, Camorra boss and founder of the Russo clan
Salvatore Russo, camorrista and boss of the Russo clan
Guy de Montfort, Count of Nola
Culture
Two fairs are held in Nola: one on 14 June and another on 12 November. The Festival of the Lilies () is held on 22 June or the Sunday beforehand, honouring St Paulinus. It lasts seven days, until the next Sunday. Eight lilies and a boat are made of wood and covered with papier-mache from the city's art shops. On the last day of the festival, the huge lilies are carried through the town on residents' shoulders along a route that has been followed for more than a thousand years. Each represents one of the local guilds or corporations, coming in the following order:
Greengrocers ()
Butchers of pigs ()
Innkeepers ()
Bakers ()
Boatmakers ()
Butchers of other meats ()
Shoemakers ()
Smiths ()
Dressmakers ('')
Each of the organizations is responsible for one day of the festivities. The 2010 festival—along with its fellows—was nominated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Twin towns – sister cities
Nola is twinned with:
Sassari, Italy (2006)
See also
Vulcano Buono
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Official website of the commune
A relation from the Italian Parliament on the Camorra in Campania (October 2000)
"The Death Triangle" (2004)
Websites devoted to the Festival of the Lilies: Website of the Festival of the Lilies Gigli di Nola, iGigli, Giugno Nolano
One of the "fishing boats" of the Festival of the Lilies
Roman sites of Campania
Cities and towns in Campania
History of the Camorra in Italy
Osci
Giordano Bruno
Italic archaeological sites
This article compares the syntax for defining and instantiating an algebraic data type (ADT), sometimes also referred to as a tagged union, in various programming languages.
Examples of algebraic data types
Ceylon
In Ceylon, an ADT may be defined with:
abstract class Tree()
of empty | Node {}
object empty
extends Tree() {}
final class Node(shared Integer val, shared Tree left, shared Tree right)
extends Tree() {}
And instantiated as:
value myTree = Node(42, Node(0, empty, empty), empty);
Clean
In Clean, an ADT may be defined with:
:: Tree
= Empty
| Node Int Tree Tree
And instantiated as:
myTree = Node 42 (Node 0 Empty Empty) Empty
Coq
In Coq, an ADT may be defined with:
Inductive tree : Type :=
| empty : tree
| node : nat -> tree -> tree -> tree.
And instantiated as:
Definition my_tree := node 42 (node 0 empty empty) empty.
C++
In C++, an ADT may be defined with:
struct Empty final {};
struct Node final {
int value;
std::unique_ptr<std::variant<Empty, Node>> left;
std::unique_ptr<std::variant<Empty, Node>> right;
};
using Tree = std::variant<Empty, Node>;
And instantiated as:
Tree myTree { Node{
42,
std::make_unique<Tree>(Node{
0,
std::make_unique<Tree>(),
std::make_unique<Tree>()
}),
std::make_unique<Tree>()
} };
Elm
In Elm, an ADT may be defined with:
type Tree
= Empty
| Node Int Tree Tree
And instantiated as:
myTree = Node 42 (Node 0 Empty Empty) Empty
F#
In F#, an ADT may be defined with:
type Tree =
| Empty
| Node of int * Tree * Tree
And instantiated as:
let myTree = Node(42, Node(0, Empty, Empty), Empty)
F*
In F*, an ADT may be defined with:
type tree =
| Empty : tree
| Node : value:nat -> left:tree -> right:tree -> tree
And instantiated as:
let my_tree = Node 42 (Node 0 Empty Empty) Empty
Free Pascal
In Free Pascal, an ADT may be defined with:
type
TTreeKind = (tkEmpty, tkNode);
PTree = ^TTree;
TTree = record
case FKind: TTreeKind of
tkEmpty: ();
tkNode: (
FValue: Integer;
FLeft, FRight: PTree;
);
end;
And instantiated as:
var
MyTree: PTree;
begin
new(MyTree);
MyTree^.FKind := tkNode;
MyTree^.FValue := 42;
new(MyTree^.FLeft);
MyTree^.FLeft^.FKind := tkNode;
MyTree^.FLeft^.FValue := 0;
new(MyTree^.FLeft^.FLeft);
MyTree^.FLeft^.FLeft^.FKind := tkEmpty;
new(MyTree^.FLeft^.FRight);
MyTree^.FLeft^.FRight^.FKind := tkEmpty;
new(MyTree^.FRight);
MyTree^.FRight^.FKind := tkEmpty;
end.
Haskell
In Haskell, an ADT may be defined with:
data Tree
= Empty
| Node Int Tree Tree
And instantiated as:
myTree = Node 42 (Node 0 Empty Empty) Empty
Haxe
In Haxe, an ADT may be defined with:
enum Tree {
Empty;
Node(value:Int, left:Tree, right:Tree);
}
And instantiated as:
var myTree = Node(42, Node(0, Empty, Empty), Empty);
Hope
In Hope, an ADT may be defined with:
data tree == empty
++ node (num # tree # tree);
And instantiated as:
dec mytree : tree;
--- mytree <= node (42, node (0, empty, empty), empty);
Idris
In Idris, an ADT may be defined with:
data Tree
= Empty
| Node Nat Tree Tree
And instantiated as:
myTree : Tree
myTree = Node 42 (Node 0 Empty Empty) Empty
Java
In Java, an ADT may be defined with:
sealed interface Tree {
record Empty() implements Tree {}
record Node(int value, Tree left, Tree right) implements Tree {}
}
And instantiated as:
var myTree = new Tree.Node(
42,
new Tree.Node(0, new Tree.Empty(), new Tree.Empty()),
new Tree.Empty()
);
Julia
In Julia, an ADT may be defined with:
struct Empty
end
struct Node
value::Int
left::Union{Empty, Node}
right::Union{Empty, Node}
end
const Tree = Union{Empty, Node}
And instantiated as:
mytree = Node(42, Node(0, Empty(), Empty()), Empty())
Kotlin
In Kotlin, an ADT may be defined with:
sealed class Tree {
object Empty : Tree()
data class Node(val value: Int, val left: Tree, val right: Tree) : Tree()
}
And instantiated as:
val myTree = Tree.Node(
42,
Tree.Node(0, Tree.Empty, Tree.Empty),
Tree.Empty,
)
Limbo
In Limbo, an ADT may be defined with:
Tree: adt {
pick {
Empty =>
Node =>
value: int;
left: ref Tree;
right: ref Tree;
}
};
And instantiated as:
myTree := ref Tree.Node(
42,
ref Tree.Node(0, ref Tree.Empty(), ref Tree.Empty()),
ref Tree.Empty()
);
Mercury
In Mercury, an ADT may be defined with:
:- type tree
---> empty
; node(int, tree, tree).
And instantiated as:
:- func my_tree = tree.
my_tree = node(42, node(0, empty, empty), empty).
Miranda
In Miranda, an ADT may be defined with:
tree ::=
Empty
| Node num tree tree
And instantiated as:
my_tree = Node 42 (Node 0 Empty Empty) Empty
Nemerle
In Nemerle, an ADT may be defined with:
variant Tree
{
| Empty
| Node {
value: int;
left: Tree;
right: Tree;
}
}
And instantiated as:
def myTree = Tree.Node(
42,
Tree.Node(0, Tree.Empty(), Tree.Empty()),
Tree.Empty(),
);
Nim
In Nim, an ADT may be defined with:
type
TreeKind = enum
tkEmpty
tkNode
Tree = ref TreeObj
TreeObj = object
case kind: TreeKind
of tkEmpty:
discard
of tkNode:
value: int
left, right: Tree
And instantiated as:
let myTree = Tree(kind: tkNode, value: 42,
left: Tree(kind: tkNode, value: 0,
left: Tree(kind: tkEmpty),
right: Tree(kind: tkEmpty)),
right: Tree(kind: tkEmpty))
OCaml
In OCaml, an ADT may be defined with:
type tree =
| Empty
| Node of int * tree * tree
And instantiated as:
let my_tree = Node (42, Node (0, Empty, Empty), Empty)
Opa
In Opa, an ADT may be defined with:
type tree =
{ empty } or
{ node, int value, tree left, tree right }
And instantiated as:
my_tree = {
node,
value: 42,
left: {
node,
value: 0,
left: { empty },
right: { empty }
},
right: { empty }
}
OpenCog
In OpenCog, an ADT may be defined with:
PureScript
In PureScript, an ADT may be defined with:
data Tree
= Empty
| Node Int Tree Tree
And instantiated as:
myTree = Node 42 (Node 0 Empty Empty) Empty
Racket
In Typed Racket, an ADT may be defined with:
(struct Empty ())
(struct Node ([value : Integer] [left : Tree] [right : Tree]))
(define-type Tree (U Empty Node))
And instantiated as:
(define my-tree (Node 42 (Node 0 (Empty) (Empty)) (Empty)))
Reason
Reason
In Reason, an ADT may be defined with:
type Tree =
| Empty
| Node(int, Tree, Tree);
And instantiated as:
let myTree = Node(42, Node(0, Empty, Empty), Empty);
ReScript
In ReScript, an ADT may be defined with:
type rec Tree =
| Empty
| Node(int, Tree, Tree)
And instantiated as:
let myTree = Node(42, Node(0, Empty, Empty), Empty)
Rust
In Rust, an ADT may be defined with:
enum Tree {
Empty,
Node(i32, Box<Tree>, Box<Tree>),
}
And instantiated as:
let my_tree = Tree::Node(
42,
Box::new(Tree::Node(0, Box::new(Tree::Empty), Box::new(Tree::Empty)),
Box::new(Tree::Empty),
);
Scala
Scala 2
In Scala 2, an ADT may be defined with:
sealed abstract class Tree extends Product with Serializable
object Tree {
final case object Empty extends Tree
final case class Node(value: Int, left: Tree, right: Tree)
extends Tree
}
And instantiated as:
val myTree = Tree.Node(
42,
Tree.Node(0, Tree.Empty, Tree.Empty),
Tree.Empty
)
Scala 3
In Scala 3, an ADT may be defined with:
enum Tree:
case Empty
case Node(value: Int, left: Tree, right: Tree)
And instantiated as:
val myTree = Tree.Node(
42,
Tree.Node(0, Tree.Empty, Tree.Empty),
Tree.Empty
)
Standard ML
In Standard ML, an ADT may be defined with:
datatype tree =
EMPTY
| NODE of int * tree * tree
And instantiated as:
val myTree = NODE (42, NODE (0, EMPTY, EMPTY), EMPTY)
Swift
In Swift, an ADT may be defined with:
enum Tree {
case empty
indirect case node(Int, Tree, Tree)
}
And instantiated as:
let myTree: Tree = .node(42, .node(0, .empty, .empty), .empty)
TypeScript
In TypeScript, an ADT may be defined with:
type Tree =
| { kind: "empty" }
| { kind: "node"; value: number; left: Tree; right: Tree };
And instantiated as:
const myTree: Tree = {
kind: "node",
value: 42,
left: {
kind: "node",
value: 0,
left: { kind: "empty" },
right: { kind: "empty" },
},
right: { kind: "empty" },
};
Visual Prolog
In Visual Prolog, an ADT may be defined with:
domains
tree = empty; node(integer, tree, tree).
And instantiated as:
constants
my_tree : tree = node(42, node(0, empty, empty), empty).
References
Algebraic data type
The men's team table tennis event was part of the table tennis programme at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. The event took place from 1 August to 6 August 2021 at Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium.
Format
Teams were made up of three players. Each team match was made up of five individual matches and ended when either side has won three matches. The order of a team match was changed as follows: a doubles match, two singles matches, and if neither side had won three matches by this point, a maximum of two extra singles matches were played. The new order avoids any players playing two matches in succession, and forces players who play two singles to compete in the second individual match.
Qualification
Schedule
Seeds
The men's team Olympic qualification rankings published in July 2021 was used for seeding purposes. The results of the draw are announced on 21 July at the Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium. Each team is eligible to nominate one reserve player to the Tokyo Games to replace a team member who is injured or has an illness.
Bracket
Results
First round
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Bronze medal match
Gold medal match
References
External links
Results Books : Tokyo 2020. The Tokyo Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games. (2021).
Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games. ITTF
2020 Summer Olympics / Table Tennis / Team, Men. Olympedia.org
Men's team
Men's events at the 2020 Summer Olympics
CGI:IRC is a CGI program written in Perl that allows access to IRC via a web browser. It is designed to be flexible and has many uses such as an IRC gateway for an IRC network, a chat-room for a website or to access IRC when stuck behind a restrictive firewall.
CGI:IRC will work in most browsers, including text based browsers such as Links. To make full use of most of the available features, a newer version is essential; older browsers will work, but CGI:IRC will use a single windowed interface instead and the names list will not update as quickly.
Main features
With a modern browser (with JavaScript and DHTML enabled), CGI:IRC will present a tabbed interface similar to GUI IRC clients. Tab completion and keyboard shortcuts are available, for example ALT+window-number jumps to a particular window.
Some common IRC client features are unavailable, such as scripting, DCC chat, and file transfers, due to the webserver-based nature of CGI:IRC.
Use of CGI:IRC
CGI:IRC is used by many IRC networks to provide a way for users to chat on their network from within their web browser. When used in this way, most of the functions are disabled for security reasons, i.e. the user is unable to connect to a different server, sometimes the channels that the user may join are restricted. Due to the nature of CGI:IRC, users are unable to use DCC.
What was a seemingly inconsequential implementation of the IRC protocol is increasingly being seen as a means to evade bans in IRC chat rooms. Several IRC servers have, as a consequence, developed an intolerance for CGI connections. Compounding this development is the fact that there does not exist a means to effectively distinguish between a CGI connection and a real IRC connection.
Some IRC servers may display the true hostname of the connecting client, most will only show the hostname of the CGI:IRC proxy. However, this does not offer much in the way of privacy, since the IP address of the user is hex encoded and included in the ident and/or real name. A simple perl script to decode the IP is included with CGI:IRC. Depending on how CGI:IRC is configured, it may also return the users true IP address (in addition to the HTTP headers) in response to a CTCP USERINFO request.
Abuse of CGI:IRC
Unfortunately, just like other open proxies, open installations of CGI:IRC, which do not restrict the server used, can also be abused. Usually CGI:IRC is abused to create many clones, which are used to flood an IRC network or a particular user. In response, many networks have started to ban CGI:IRC clients except those which originate from their own CGI:IRC proxy (if they have one).
Server side
CGI:IRC runs on a webserver such as Apache configured to run Perl, and uses Unix domain sockets. It uses a special HTTP streaming connection while communicating with the user's web browser; this reduces network usage because the user's webpage is not continually being redrawn. Early versions of some web browsers such as Apple Safari had problems with streaming connections.
CGI:IRC can be configured to allow access to any server and channel, or restricted to single instances. One limitation of CGI:IRC with respect to some IRC servers is "Because CGI:IRC acts as a client, connections from it appear to be coming from the web server's address. This allows it to get past firewalls, but, unfortunately, if several clients are connecting from the same address, some IRC servers will refuse to accept additional connections beyond a certain limit."
See also
Comparison of Internet Relay Chat clients
Web chat
References
External links
Internet Relay Chat clients
Free Internet Relay Chat clients
Cross-platform free software
Free software programmed in Perl
Let's Go Bowling is an American third wave ska band hailing from Fresno, California. Since the band's inception in the year 1986, the band's traditional ska style, barbershop harmonies, wisely crafted instrumentals, and its frantic live performances, helped set the standard for dress and culture for West Coast Ska, which in turn, set the groundwork for the Third Wave Movement in 1995.
Let's Go Bowling has shared the stage with many diverse musical acts, including No Doubt, Pearl Jam, Goo Goo Dolls, Men at Work, The English Beat, Steel Pulse, Busta Rhymes, The Skatalites, Reel Big Fish, Reverend Horton Heat, Fishbone, The Untouchables, Cherry Poppin' Daddies, Tokyo Ska Paradise Orchestra, Moe., the Young Dubliners, and Shaggy.
Biography
Early history 1986 - 1992
It is hard to pinpoint exactly which was the first of the Third Wave Bands to come about in the mid '80s. The clash between who were the "First" remains a topic of controversy to this day, but no one can deny that the roots of US Ska were deep on the West Coast. One such band, Fresno/Kingsburg's Kyber Rifles, was founded by Mark Michel, who on bass, were playing shows and recording EPs as early as 1983. (Norwood Fisher credited Mark as being an influence on his playing in the 1980s.) The Rifles' sound would become instrumental in bridging the gap between LGB's original line-up: guitarist David Molina, keyboardist Darren Fletcher, drummer Jerry Mora, trombonist Mark Berry, alto/tenor saxophonist Martin Stuart, trumpeter Pete Nicholson, toaster Javier Molina, and Michel on bass. Soon, Mora and Nicholson departed, making way for future frontman/trombonist David Wiens, tenor saxophonist Dean Olmstead, drummer Jason Ellam, and Jason Boyte on trumpet. This was the nucleus of the Music To Bowl By era of Let's Go Bowling.
Music To Bowl By was recorded for Moon Ska Records in the winter of '89 - winter of '90. This captured the band at its pioneering stage, with emphasis on style and songwriting, unheard of in its current central valley contemporaries. (Fresno is home to some of the most influential Ska outfits of the later century, including Let's Go Bowling, as well as Kyber Rifles, Checkmate, and Los Hooligans). The band blended three-part vocals, infused with a Latin vibe inherent in its frontman/vocalist David Molina, and a pinch of Warner Bros. zaniness. David Weins acted as the MC - as the boisterous trombone playing ruffian. "Music To Bowl By" is considered to be a Classic in all ska circles and a credit to the genre.
LGB, in support of their album, pressed for then-new label Moon Ska in NY, went out to tour, in support of their record, with labelmates that included The Toasters, Hepcat, Dance Hall Crashers, and the Slackers. Let's Go Bowling got the call to be the opening act for Bad Manners in 1991, which led to them being "the" chosen US opening band by all the original Two Tone acts, including The Specials, and The Selecter. After such success, the band disbanded briefly for a period of time, as members went their separate ways, to pursue other career avenues, leaving the band defunct for 10 months in '92 - '93.
Mr Twist era 1993 - 1997
Mr. Twist was recorded the Summer '95 in Fresno, CA. The band went back to their old catalog, with songs like "Hot Buttered" "Mayhem," and the single "Spy Market," finding new life with a new line-up. The new line-up included drummer Adam Lee (who, with Fletcher in 1994, was briefly a part of Toronto's ska masters, King Apparatus), trumpeter Patrick Bush (a heavy influence on the new LGB sound), M. Rey DeLeon (trombonist prodigy, at the age of 18), Gilbert Lopez on the tenor saxophone, rounding-out the horn section & giving weight to the high-end Erik Dvorak playing baritone sax, and guitarist Chris Ridge. This also was the proper introduction of Paul Miskulin, who had replaced David Molina, and now had a forum to contribute his Soul-heavy, blues rhythm guitar to the already potent mix. This line-up of the band would enjoy the most critical success of the band's career in the Third Wave Explosion of 1996.
On the eve of the release of their second studio album in almost 5 years, LGB was dealt a tragic blow when news that original guitarist, David Molina, had passed. The band, which included Javier Molina, David's brother, were about embark on a 6-week independent tour of the US.
By the end of the tour and LGB's arrival to its home turf of Fresno, CA, No Doubt's single, "Just A Girl" was breaking the radio airwaves for the first time. Things started to happen fast, and the new band had to act quickly, recruiting a lead guitarist, Lincoln Barr, formerly of the Santa Rosa Ska outfit The Conspiracy. Barr added a much-needed edge in the guitar department.
In the summer of 1996, LGB released the single "Spy Market", which the video for was in heavy rotation on the new rock affiliate, MTV2, and was prominently featured on a special for MTV's 120 minutes, entitled "The Third Wave". Along with the Toasters, Let's Go Bowling was then dubbed, on national television, one of the flagship bands of the genre. The energy at the shows, from the audience and the band itself, was at an all-time high.
The band was touring the US as a headliner, whose national prominence had given them greater control over their live shows and opening acts. Ska was exploding in the West where Sublime and No Doubt had become KROQ-FM darlings. The OC, home to Reel Big Fish, Save Ferris, and The Aquabats (with the then unknown Travis Barker on Drums). Let's Go Bowling was the original West Coast ska band, and enjoyed the laurels bestowed upon them by these bands, who had cited Let's Go Bowling as an influence in interviews, and also in record releases (No Doubt thanked LGB in the liner notes of "Tragic Kingdom").
LGB, whose tourmates included The Specials, Bad Manners, and The Selecter, recruited ska/swing auters Cherry Poppin' Daddies and Reel Big Fish for a tour of the US in 1997. It was at this time, that the Ska explosion had opened the door for the Swing Scene, which included the Daddies, who recruited M. Rey DeLeon as a touring Trombonist, and Tom Mattot, who was the LGB soundman since '93, and an Oregon native, as their Front of House Soundman.
Freeway Lanes era 1997 - 1998
With things really going on, Let's Go Bowling released a live record for Asian Man Records (Mike Park's Skankin' Pickle label) entitled Freeway Lanes. This captured the band at its most innovative, with the band performing freely, and capturing golden moments of interaction between the band, and its beloved scene. It is at this time that the band started to become more free form, and detached with the rigidness of its structure, and would routinely stretch out its Skatalite covers into 15 minute episodic affairs. M.Rey's solos over "Man In The Street" and "The Reburial of Marcus Garvey" were highly innovative in its use of delay to create a ricochet of brass, inspired by Dub music. These solos would extend, and lend themselves to Gilbert Lopez's Tenor Saxophone innuendoes, forming huge, parallel, harmonic ideas, completely improvised, and helped break down the barriers of what could be done within a previously stale, formulatic ska medium. Freeway Lanes includes tributes to LGBs predecessors The Untouchables "Live and Let Dance" and The Equators' "More Than A Person". The album also contains a composition by 20 year old M. Rey DeLeon, entitled "Sock Monkey March", a blistering and ominous march, intended to be a Sand up of old Esquivel compositions, and an ode to their then manager, Richard "Cord" Burk, who some say resembles a sock monkey in flight.
LGB toured in support of their live record as part of The Spirit of Unity tour, sponsored by Teva. Tourmates included Steel Pulse, Ghetto Youth (the Marley kids), Buju Banton, Beres Hammond, Third World, Lucky Dube and Shaggy.
In 1998, Let's Go Bowling was the support act for 3 major tours including The Reverend Horton Heat, The Wailing Souls and for the reunion tour of Men at Work, playing to packed houses all around the U.S. In August 1998, Lincoln Barr left the band to pursue other efforts closer to home. LGB recruited Fresno-based guitarist/singer Glen Parrish to carry on with the lead guitar/vocal duties.
Stay Tuned era 1999 - 2001
Starting in January 1999, after three years of constant and successful touring across America, Let's Go Bowling took a year off the road to record a studio album for its new label Liberation Records. Under imminent pressure to release a follow up to "Mr Twist" and amidst the great success of their "ska" contemporaries, the band recruited music producer Stoker and, for the first time, turned the artistic reins over to a music pro looking for the commercial success that had eluded the band. Stoker (drummer for Dexys Midnight Runners & General Public, and producer for Hepcat and Ice Cube) took 23 of the band's tour tested new songs and whittled an adventurous 13-song "pop" album called, "Stay Tuned". This album contained diverse contributions from the entire band: Adam Lee providing a healthy dose of new punk infused material "Metal Fingers" "Identity Crises", Patrick Bush lending his Dub sensibilities to the mix "Solar Shock" "Electric Bread", the "radio" pop stylings of Glen Parrish "Fallen Angel" "She's Killing You", and the gritty soul of Paul Miskulin "The Middle" "Saving Sorries". Not to forget Darren Fletcher's classic "Bone Dry", which is considered one of the best tunes the band has ever recorded. But due to polar artistic choices and divergent influences, "Stay Tuned" was far different than the previous two studio efforts, confusing many at the time, and within that confusion, Stay Tuned was released in spring of 2000. The album was met with mixed reviews, and faced harsh criticism from their original "True Tone" fan base. M. Rey DeLeon left the band to pursue his music career in L.A. With new trombonist Rob Ruffner in tow, the band played one one-month tour in support of the album before calling it quits as a touring group.
Current status
The band still occasionally plays their famous brand of ska for adoring fans across California. LGB still has original members Darren Fletcher(keys/vocals) and Mark Michel(bass/vocals), as well as long-time members Adam Lee (drums), Dean Olmstead (sax), Paul Miskulin (guitar/vocals/harmonica), Glen Parrish (lead guitar/vocals), Robert Ruffner (trombone) and the latest addition of Los Hooligans founder Tony Luna (trumpet).
Band members
Founding members
Mark Berry - trombone (1986–1991, 2008)
Darren Fletcher - keyboards, vocals (1986–present)
Mark Michel - bass guitar, vocals (1986–present)
David Molina - lead guitar (1986–1992) RIP 8/15/69 - 12/28/95
Javier Molina - toasting, antics (1986–1988, 1996)
Jerry Mora - drums (1986–1988)
Pete Nicholson - trumpet (1986–1987)
Martin Stuart - alto sax (1986–1991)
Current members
Darren Fletcher - hammond organ, keyboards, vocals
Adam Lee - drums (1991–present)
Mark Michel - bass guitar, vocals
Paul Miskulin - guitar, harmonica, vocals (1993–present)
Dean Olmstead - tenor sax (1988–1992, 1998–present)
Glen Parrish - guitar, vocals (1998–present)
Robert Ruffner - trombone (1998–present)
Tony Luna - trumpet (2012–present)
Previous members
David Wiens - trombone (1987–1994)
Wallace Harvey - keyboards (1986)
Dan Dorval - trumpet (1987–1988)
Geoff Belau - trombone (1987–1988)
Jason Boyte - trumpet (1988–1992)
Jason Ellam - drums (1988–1992)
Scott Abels - drums (1992)
Gilbert Lopez - tenor sax (1993–1998)
Patrick Bush - trumpet, vocals (1993–2012)
Roman Bellick - bowlingball (2008) Rip
Erik Dvorak - baritone sax (1993–2000)
M. Rey DeLeon - trombone (1995–2000)
Chris Ridge - lead guitar (1995–1996) RIP 3/22/71 - 6/9/08
Lincoln Barr - lead guitar (1996–1998)
Adam Theis - trombone (1998)
Dakota Iyall - sax (1998)
Discography
Albums
Let's Go Bowling (9-song cassette, 1988)
Music To Bowl By (CD & cassette, 1991)
"...Does The Spiral LIVE!" (cassette, 1995)
Mr. Twist (CD, 1996)
Freeway Lanes (CD & 12" vinyl, 1998)
Stay Tuned (CD, 1999)
Singles
Rude 69 / Dance Some More (7", Single) Spare Records 1988
You Take Me / Uncomfortable Sidekick (7", Single, Ltd, Cle) Moon Ska 1996
Compilations
"Bitch" Various - Ska Face: An American Ska Compilation (LP, Comp) Moon Records 1988
"Let's Go Bowling" Various - Mashin' Up The Nation Best Of U.S. Ska Vol. 1 (LP, Comp) Harvard Square Records 1988
"Bitch" Various - Ska-Ville USA Vol. 3 (LP, Comp) Ska Records 1988
"Pinstripe Suit" Various - California Ska-Quake (CD, Comp) Moon Ska 1992
"Esta Noche" Various - United Colors Of Ska (CD, Comp) Pork Pie 1993
"Hare Tonic" Various - Max The Dog Says...Do The Ska! (CD, Comp) Dojo 1993
"Badminton On A Rope" (The Ska Parade Theme Song) Various - Step On It: The Best Of The Ska Parade Radio Show (CD, Comp) A To Y Productions 1994
"Let's Go Bowling" Various - Mashin' Up The Nation • The Best Of American Ska Volumes I And II (3 versions) DVS Media 1995
"Mr. Twist" Various - Keep The Pressure On (CD, Comp) Kingpin Records 1996
"Oatmeal For Christmas" Various - SKAuthentic (CD, Comp) Steady Beat Recordings 1996
"Days All The Same" & "The Cup Rub" Various - These Are Moon Ska (CD, Smplr, Promo, Comp) Moon Ska 1996
"Spy Market" Various - Ska Sucks ◄ (2 versions) Liberation Records 1998
"You Take Me" (Live) Various - Mashin' Up The Nation Best Of American Ska Vols. III & IV Ten Years After (CD, Comp) DVS Media 1998
"Spy Market" Various - Moon Ska, New York, USA (CD, Comp) Moon Ska Europe 1998
"More Than A Person" Various - The Ska Parade: Runnin' Naked Thru The Cornfield (CD, Comp) A To Y Productions 1998
"Oatmeal For X-mas" Various - Mailorder Is Fun! (CD, Comp) Asian Man Records 1998
"Esta Noche" Various - United Colors Of Ska Volume 1-3 (4xLP, Comp) Pork Pie 2000
"Spaced Man!" Various - Still Standing - A North American Ska Uprising (4xCD, Comp) Jump Up! Records, Megalith Records 2003
External links
Official Site
Third-wave ska groups
American ska musical groups
Reggae fusion groups
Musical groups from California
Asian Man Records artists
The Charlotte–Genesee Lighthouse is an 1822 stone octagonal lighthouse in the Charlotte neighborhood in northern Rochester, New York, United States. The tower is located on Lake Ontario at the mouth of the Genesee River. It originally had 10 whale oil Argand lamps, which were replaced with a Fresnel lens in 1853.
On February 28, 1881, the lighthouse was turned off. After nearby piers changed the mouth of the river, it was far from the water. The light was then moved to a pier in 1884.
In 1965, Charlotte High School students started a letter writing campaign to save the lighthouse from impending destruction. It was declared surplus in 1981 by the government. It is now owned by Monroe County and managed as a museum by the Charlotte Genesee Lightouse Historical Society, a nonprofit volunteer organization.
It is part of the Seaway Trail, a National Scenic Byway. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is also a City of Rochester Landmark. It is open to the public.
As of 2014, the lighthouse is active, and listed in the United States Coast Guard Light List as light number 2333.
References
Further reading
Oleszewski, Wes. Great Lakes Lighthouses, American and Canadian: A Comprehensive Directory/Guide to Great Lakes Lighthouses, (Gwinn, Michigan: Avery Color Studios, Inc., 1998) .
U.S. Coast Guard. Historically Famous Lighthouses (Washington, D.C.: Government Printing Office, 1957).
Wright, Larry and Wright, Patricia. Great Lakes Lighthouses Encyclopedia Hardback (Erin: Boston Mills Press, 2006)
External links
Official Site
Lighthouses completed in 1822
Lighthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Museums in Rochester, New York
Lighthouse museums in New York (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Rochester, New York
1822 establishments in New York (state)
Transportation buildings and structures in Monroe County, New York
Lighthouses of the Great Lakes
Bigger Than My Imagination is the debut album of contemporary worship musician Michael Gungor.
Track listing
"Closest Friend"
"Friend of God"
"Bigger Than My Imagination"
"Move Me"
"Meet With Me"
"Waiting"
"I Am Yours"
"Little Kingdom"
"Lovely"
"Beautiful Face"
"Here I Am to Worship"
"It's Your Love"
"Doxology"
"Overwhelming"
"Friend of God" (reprise)
Notes
Israel Houghton – producer
"Bigger Than My Imagination" was later included on the live worship album, Amazing God
References
2003 debut albums
Nago is a city in Japan.
Nago may also refer to:
Nago language, a dialect continuum of West Africa
Nago-Torbole
People with the surname
Mathurin Nago, Beninese politician
, Japanese footballer
Japanese-language surnames
The Ministry of Social Development of Chile is an entity created during the first presidency of Sebastián Piñera (2006−2010), who replaced the Ministry of Planning (1990−2011).
Its current minister is Giorgio Jackson.
List of representatives
References
External Link
Government ministries of Chile
{{DISPLAYTITLE:Florbetapir (18F)}}
Florbetapir (18F), sold under the brand name Amyvid, is a PET scanning radiopharmaceutical compound containing the radionuclide fluorine-18 that was approved for use in the United States in 2012, as a diagnostic tool for Alzheimer's disease. Florbetapir, like Pittsburgh compound B (PiB), binds to beta-amyloid, however fluorine-18 has a half-life of 109.75 minutes, in contrast to PiB's radioactive half life of 20 minutes. Wong et al. found that the longer life allowed the tracer to accumulate significantly more in the brains of people with AD, particularly in the regions known to be associated with beta-amyloid deposits.
One review predicted that amyloid imaging is likely to be used in conjunction with other markers rather than as an alternative.
Development
Since the disease was first described by Alois Alzheimer in 1906, the only certain way to determine if a person indeed had the disease was to perform a biopsy on the patient's brain to find distinctive spots on the brain that show the buildup of amyloid plaque. Doctors must diagnose the disease in patients with memory loss and dementia based on symptoms, and as many as 20% of patients diagnosed with the disease are found after examination of the brain following death not to have had the condition. Other diagnostic tools, such as analysis of cerebrospinal fluid, magnetic resonance imaging scans looking for brain shrinkage and PET scans looking at how glucose was used in the brain, had all been unreliable.
The development of florbetapir built on research done by William Klunk and Chester Mathis who had developed a substance they called Pittsburgh compound B as a means of detecting amyloid plaque, after analyzing 400 prospective compounds and developing 300 variations of the substance that they had discovered might work. In 2002, a study performed in Sweden on Alzheimer's patients was able to detect the plaque in PET brain scans. Later studies on a control group member without the disease did not find plaque, confirming the reliability of the compound in diagnosis. While the tool worked, Pittsburgh compound B relies on the use of carbon-11, a radioactive isotope with a half-life of 20 minutes that requires the immediate use of the material prepared in a cyclotron.
Avid Radiopharmaceuticals was established by Dr. Daniel Skovronsky in July 2005 with the goal of finding a dye that could be injected into the body, would cross the blood–brain barrier and attach itself to amyloid protein deposits in the brain. Avid raised $500,000 from BioAdvance, a medically oriented venture capital firm in Pennsylvania, as seed funding toward the development of a biological marker. Once they found a candidate dye, they attached the positron-emitting fluorine-18, a radioactive isotope with a half-life over five times longer (109.75 minutes), used in PET scans, and that can last for as long as a day when prepared in the morning by cyclotron. The dye had been developed and patented by the University of Pennsylvania and was licensed by Avid.
Initial tests in 2007 on a patient at Johns Hopkins University Hospital previously diagnosed with symptoms of Alzheimer's disease detected plaque in a PET scan in areas where it was typically found in the brain. Further tests found that the scans detected plaque in patients with Alzheimer's, didn't find it in those without the diagnosis and found intermediate amounts in patients with early signs of dementia. The tests found amyloid plaque in 20% of its test patients over age 60 that had been in the normal range, but had performed worse than a control group on tests of mental acuity.
Validation by autopsy
In order to confirm if the dye was accurate in detecting Alzheimer's, an advisory committee at the Food and Drug Administration demanded that the team of Avid, Bayer and General Electric perform a study to test their method. Avid established a study with a group of 35 hospice patients, some that had been diagnosed with dementia and others that had no memory problems. The participants and their families agreed that they would undergo the PET scans and would have their brains autopsied after their death by pathologists. After the study was conducted, Avid received confirmation in May 2010 that the results of the test were successful in distinguishing between those with Alzheimer's and those without the disease.
In results presented in July 2010, the company showed that for 34 out of the 35 hospice patients who had been scanned, the initial scan results were confirmed when pathologists counted plaque under a microscope and when a computerized scan of the plaque was performed on material from the autopsied brain. The findings required review by the FDA to confirm their reliability as a means of diagnosing the disease. Once confirmed, the technique provided a means to reliably diagnose and monitor the progress of Alzheimer's and allowed potential pharmaceutical treatments to be evaluated.
In a study published in January 2011 in the Journal of the American Medical Association, Avid reported on the results of further studies conducted based on 152 test subjects who had agreed to receive the company's PET scans and to have their brains analyzed after death for definitive determination of the presence of amyloid plaques. Of the patients included in the study, 29 who died had autopsies performed on their brains and in all but one the brain autopsy results matched the diagnosis based on the PET scan taken before death. Avid's technique is being used to test the efficacy of Alzheimer's disease treatments being developed by other pharmaceutical firms as a means of determining the ability of the drugs to reduce the buildup of amyloid protein in the brains of living subjects.
Approval by FDA
On January 20, 2011, an FDA advisory committee unanimously recommended that Avid's PET scan technique be approved for use. The advisory committee included a qualification requiring Avid to develop clear guidelines establishing when the tests had spotted enough of the amyloid plaque to make a diagnosis of Alzheimer's, a task that Avid CEO Daniel M. Skovronsky stated could be resolved in several months.
Acquisition by Eli Lilly
Avid Radiopharmaceuticals was based at the University City Science Center research campus in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The company was the first to bring to market an FDA-approved method that could directly detect the amyloid deposition hallmark pathology of Alzheimer's disease.
Eli Lilly and Company announced on November 8, 2010, that they would acquire Avid for $800 million, $300 million up front and the balance paid later. Dr. Skovronsky joined the executive committee following the acquisition.
References
External links
Alzheimer's disease
Radiopharmaceuticals
Pyridines
Fluoroethyl ethers
Eli Lilly and Company brands
X
The Tanzanian masked weaver (Ploceus reichardi), or Tanganyika masked weaver, is a species of bird in the weaver family, Ploceidae. It is found in and around swamps in south-western Tanzania and north-eastern Zambia. The Lufira masked weaver is sometimes treated as a subspecies of this bird.
References
Tanzanian masked weaver
Birds of Southern Africa
Tanzanian masked weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Talbragar Shire Council Chambers is a heritage-listed former council chambers and former bank building located in Macquarie Street, Dubbo, in the Dubbo Regional Council local government area of New South Wales, Australia. The building was designed by Architect Hilley. It is also known as CBC Bank and Commercial Banking Company. The property is owned by Dubbo Regional Council and was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
History
The building was originally the premises of the first bank in Dubbo, erected by the Commercial Banking Company of Sydney. The building was constructed in 1867 to the design of the Architect Hilley. For many years it was the town's finest building and the only bank until 1876. When the bank moved further north the building became the offices of Talbragar Shire Council, established in 1907.
In December 1979 the Dubbo Council and Dubbo Museum and Historical Society advised the Heritage Council that the Talbragar Shire building was under threat of demolition and requested protection under the Heritage Act, 1977. Following amalgamation of Dubbo and Talbragar the future of the building was uncertain. To provide security to the building an Interim Conservation Order was placed over the building on 2 May 1980.
In recognition as an important item of the State environmental heritage and to ensure the protection of the building a Permanent Conservation Order was placed over the building on 23 July 1982.
It was transferred to the State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Description
Styled in a restrained Victorian Italianate manner, the dressed sandstone facades of the building are almost severe, lightened only by round-headed window openings arranged in pairs on the Macquarie Street facade and in triad on the Bultje Street facade, string courses at first floor level and rusticated quoins. The iron roof is obscured by the substantial projecting cornice.
The building is two storeys and has an extensive cellar. Much of the original interior is intact; lath and plaster walls and ceilings.
Modifications and dates
It appears that the building may have been sandblasted for cleaning with subsequent erosion damage. Repointing with cement mortar also.
1984 - Heritage Council approval granted minor alterations to convert ground floor into a restaurant and upper floor into two offices.
1989 - Heritage Council approval for demolition of rear and erection of new addition.
1989 - Heritage Council approval for signage, and exterior colour scheme.
1990 - Heritage Council approval for internal fitout for offices.
Heritage listing
As at 3 October 2000, constructed of sandstone to the designs of the architect Hilley in 1867, the building represented a substantial vote of confidence in the future of Dubbo by the Commercial Banking Company of Sydney Limited, the first Bank to open for business in Dubbo and the first to construct major premises in the town. The building makes an important contribution to the streetscape of Macquarie Street and is complemented by the Old Imperial Hotel building.
Talbragar Shire Council Chambers was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the course, or pattern, of cultural or natural history in New South Wales.
Constructed of sandstone to the designs of the architect Hilley in 1867, the building represented a substantial vote of confidence in the future of Dubbo by the Commercial Banking Company of Sydney Limited, the first Bank to open for business in Dubbo and the first to construct major premises in the town.
The place is important in demonstrating aesthetic characteristics and/or a high degree of creative or technical achievement in New South Wales.
The building makes an important contribution to the streetscape of Macquarie Street and is complemented by the Old Imperial Hotel building.
See also
Australian non-residential architectural styles
References
Attribution
External links
New South Wales State Heritage Register
Dubbo
Town halls in New South Wales
Former bank buildings in New South Wales
Articles incorporating text from the New South Wales State Heritage Register
Buildings and structures completed in 1867
1867 establishments in Australia
Dubbo
Guitar pickup potting is a process whereby the fine wire coils of a guitar pickup are encapsulated in a substance that inhibits movement of the coil. Guitar pickups are generally made from bobbins wrapped in many thousands of turns of fine wire. If the wire is left unpotted it is possible for unwanted microphonics or oscillations to occur, causing the pickup to "howl". This is often apparent when using overdriven amplifiers and distortion pedals.
Potting also protects the delicate winding from damage.
Generally, the potting medium is a wax mixture that is melted(see photo) and then permeates the wire coils. Other substances such as nitrocellulose lacquer or epoxy resins can also be used.
References
Van Halen in Stars Guitars: Dave Hunter p.255
Video
Potting pickups - a guitar building tutorial following the wax potting process: Crimson Custom Guitars
Wax Potting - Custom Curtis Novak Pickups - Fender Jaguar
See also
Potting_(electronics)
Guitars
{{infobox RPG
|title= Star Trek: Adventure Gaming in the Final Frontier
|image=File:Star Trek, Adventure Gaming in the Final Frontier.jpg
|caption=Cover
|designer= Michael Scott
|publisher= Heritage Models
|date= 1978|genre= Science fiction (Star Trek)
|system= Custom
|footnotes=
}}Star Trek: Adventure Gaming in the Final Frontier is a role-playing game set in the fictional Star Trek universe. The game was published and edited by Heritage Models from 1978 until Heritage Models dropped the Star Trek gaming license.
SettingStar Trek: Adventure Gaming in the Final Frontier is set on unexplored planets within the United Federation of Planets Starfleet. Most player characters are members of Starfleet engaged in planetary exploration missions. The game is set in the original TV series era (a.d. 2260s) and Star Trek: The Animated Series TV series.
The first Star Trek RPG license
In 1978, Paramount Pictures licensed Heritage Models to produce the first official Star Trek RPG and figure line based on Star Trek: The Original Series and Star Trek: The Animated Series.
System
The rules are split into a “Basic Game” using pre-generated characters from the series and an “Advanced Game” with full character creation and additional combat rules like random initiative.
The basics
The basic rules include a section on preparing to play, explanations of six characteristics, movement, hand-to-hand and ranged combat rules, sequence of play for the “action phase,” and a list of twenty personalities along with their characteristic values. It also includes brief descriptions of Star Trek equipment and an example of play.
Character generation
Characters have six attributes (Strength, Dexterity, Constitution, Charisma, Luck, and Mentality) generated by 3d6 rolls modified by race. The rules include a hand-to-hand class bonus but no other skills or experience rules. Players resolve melee combat in a single damage step. The attacker rolls 1d6-6d6 (depending on weapon) plus Strength, Dexterity, and hand-to-hand class modifiers. The defender subtracts 1d6 plus Luck and hand-to-hand class modifiers from this total to determine damage. Ranged combat requires a 1d6 roll under a hit number which depends on range and the attacker's Dexterity.
Most humanoid characters from the original Star Trek TV series or animated series are playable character types. These include: Humans, Vulcans, Tellarites, Andorians, Orions, Klingons, Caitians, Edoan,s, and Romulans.
Using the basic rules, players use the pre-generated bridge crew from the show, including Captain Kirk, Mr Spock, Lieutenant Uhura, Yeoman Janice Rand, M'res, and Arex from Paramount's Star Trek: The Animated Series.
Advanced rules
About twenty pages of information charts and rule expansions allows for more advanced play. The advanced section contains rules for creating original characters, a list of lifeforms and their characteristics from the TV series, advanced combat rules, and a list of equipment.
The rules included descriptions of alien races, including Larry Niven's Kzin, an equipment list, tables for randomly generated aliens, and two introductory scenarios.
Starships
The game offers no starship rules, as adventurers participate in landing party missions using rules for personal-level roleplaying.
Official rulebooks
Star Trek: Adventure Gaming in the Final Frontier (1978)
Unofficial supplements
“Star Trek: Beyond the Final Frontier” was written by Paul Montgomery Crabaugh and appeared in Different Worlds #18 (the January 1982 issue) published by Chaosium, Inc. The article was seven pages in length with fifteen small tables (pages 10–16). Here is the brief editorial blurb from the beginning of the article:
“Written to supplement Star Trek: Adventure Gaming in the Final Frontier role-playing rules, this variant covers a wide range of topics including Experience, Skills, Aging, Salaries, Price Lists, The Referee's Role, Chain of Command, and World Generation.”
The author's influences were stated up-front: Paramount's Star Trek: The Original Series, Star Trek: The Animated Series, and Franz Joseph's Star Fleet Technical Manual. Crabaugh stated that he did not use Star Trek: The Motion Picture because there was more useful gaming material available in the TV episodes and their novelizations.
Unofficial adventures
“Kirk on Karit 2: A Star Trek Scenario Report” was developed by Emmet F. Milestone for use at DunDraCon IV. The intended players were a mix of “old dungeon-mates” and some non-gamer Trekkies who were interested in finding out about role-playing.
Emmet F. Milestone played the out the game scenario with miniature figures, since their visual appeal added so much vitality. He wrote: “I could only afford a couple of packages of Federation figures and an equal number of Klingons at the time, so I pulled some Star Guard miniatures from my shelves and an idea for the scenario began to crystallize. ... My attention wandered across to a horde of Dreenoi. What could be heavier than swarms of the all devouring insect warriors? I got busy writing stats.”
Emmet F. Milestone provided the details of how he constructed the scenario using an old dungeon map (not provided in the article), the Star Trek Blueprints, and the statistics he devised for the Star Guard Dreenoi.
In addition to the scenario, Emmet F. Milestone also added some romance rules.
Related materialDifferent Worlds #18 included an article under its "Metal Marvels" section entitled "Star Trek Figures from Citadel" by John T. Sapienza, Jr. This three-page review included pictures of the miniatures and included a footnote by Yurek Chodak (assistant editor) stating "We have learned that both Heritage's Star Trek: Adventure Gaming in the Final Frontier role-playing game and the Citadel line of Star Trek figures have been discontinued."White Dwarf #18 (April/May 1980) included an article entitled "Star Trek- The Motion Picture: Miniature Rules and Scenarios" by Tony Yates and Steve Jackson. Although not directly affiliated with Heritage Model's Star Trek: Adventure Gaming in the Final Frontier, the rules, adventure, and painting guide revolved around the use of Citadel Miniatures, Ltd. Star Trek- The Motion Picture miniatures.
Reception
Jerry Conner reviewed Star Trek: Adventure Gaming in the Final Frontier in The Space Gamer No. 30. Conner commented that "The game is fair, but only recommended to Star Trek'' fans with a background in role-playing games. Both are necessary for a complete understanding and appreciation of the game."
See also
Starfleet Voyages
References
Barton, William. "Capsule Reviews: Starfleet Voyages." The SpaceGamer: The Magazine of Adventure Gaming, May/June 1983. 33–34.
Beattie, Robert. “The Courier: America's foremost Miniature Wargaming Magazine Presents ‘A Timeline of the Historical Miniatures Wargaming Hobby.'” The Courier <http://www-personal.umich.edu/~beattie/timeline2.html>.
Crabaugh, Paul Montgomery. Reviews. “Star Trek: Beyond the Final Frontier.” Different Worlds: Magazine of Adventure Role-Playing Games, January 1982. 10–16.
GAMA. Game Manufacturers Association. “2005 Academy Hall of Fame Game Professional: Duke Seifried.” 2 July 2005 <https://web.archive.org/web/20051212091507/http://www.gama.org/news2/2005-hall-of-fame-inductees-announced-2-july-2005>.
Kim, John H. An Encyclopedia of Role-playing Games. <http://www.darkshire.net/~jhkim/rpg/encyclopedia/index.html>.
Milestone, Emmet F. “Kirk on Karit 2: A Star Trek Scenario Report.” Different Worlds: Magazine of Adventure Role-Playing Games, January 1982. 9–11.
Sapienza, Jr. John T. "Star Trek Figures from Citadel." Different Worlds: Magazine of Adventure Role-Playing Games, January 1982. 18–20.
Scoleri, Joe. "Game Article Index: S: Star Trek: Adventure Gaming in the Final Frontier- Heritage." The Maverick's Space and Fantasy Gamer's Guide, 1999. 313.
Swenson, Anders. Reviews. “Starfleet Voyages.” Different Worlds: Magazine of Adventure Role-Playing Games, June 1983. 43.
White, Damon. “A close look at licensed RPGs and the companies who create them.” Licensed to Produce. GamingReport.com. Posted 2003-08-21 21:03:53 <http://www.gamingreport.com/article.php?sid=9805>.
Yates, Tony and Jackson, Steve. "Star Trek: The Motion Picture- Rules for Adventure in the Final Frontier." White Dwarf: The Science Fiction and Fantasy Games and Miniatures Magazine, April/May 1980. 8–11.
External links
An Encyclopedia of Role-playing Games
Different Worlds Magazine of Adventure Role-Playing Games
Ferengi Blue Room Community of Star Trek and Lord of the Rings Roleplayers
"GamingReport.Com" provides Game Reviews and Interviews with Game Industry Writers, Developers, and Publishers
The Courier: America's foremost Miniature Wargaming Magazine Presents A Timeline of the Historical Miniatures Wargaming Hobby by Robert Beattie
Heritage Models games
Heritage Models
Role-playing games introduced in 1978
Spencer Whittaker (February 1871 – 16 April 1910) was an English footballer, manager and secretary.
Playing career
Whittaker played for hometown club Oswaldtwistle Rovers, before retiring from playing, taking up the chairman and secretary role at the club.
Managerial career
Whittaker was appointed manager of Burnley in 1903. His reign as Burnley manager was to come to a tragic end in April 1910. Whittaker was on his way to London by train to register the signing of a new player. When the train stopped in Crewe, it was reported that a man had fallen from a carriage some distance outside the town. When the body was discovered it was found to be that of Whittaker. The fall resulted in the death of the Burnley manager, and a benefit match against Manchester United at Turf Moor was arranged for Whittaker's wife and family.
Personal life
Whittaker's brother, Nat, was a professional footballer, manager, secretary and referee, refereeing the 1907 FA Cup Final.
References
External links
Burnley Football Club: 1903-1911
English footballers
People from Oswaldtwistle
English football managers
English football chairmen and investors
Burnley F.C. managers
1871 births
1910 deaths
Association football executives
Oswaldtwistle Rovers F.C. players
Association footballers not categorized by position
The men's tournament of the 2013 Canadian Senior Curling Championships was held from March 16 to 24 at the Silver Fox Curling & Yacht Club in Summerside, Prince Edward Island.
Qualifying Round
Four associations did not automatically qualify to the championships, and participated in a qualifying round. Two qualification spots were awarded to the winners of the double knockout round, Nova Scotia and the Northwest Territories.
Teams
The teams are listed as follows:
Knockout Brackets
Knockout Results
First Knockout
Thursday, March 14, 2:30 pm
Thursday, March 14, 7:00 pm
Second Knockout
Thursday, March 14, 7:00 pm
Friday, March 15, 8:00 am
Teams
The teams are listed as follows:
Round robin standings
Final Round Robin Standings
Round robin results
All draw times are listed in Atlantic Daylight Time (UTC-3).
Draw 2
Saturday, March 16, 2:30 pm
Draw 4
Sunday, March 17, 10:00 am
Draw 5
Sunday, March 17, 2:30 pm
Draw 6
Sunday, March 17, 7:00 pm
Draw 7
Monday, March 18, 10:00 am
Draw 8
Monday, March 18, 2:30 pm
Draw 9
Monday, March 18, 7:00 pm
Draw 10
Tuesday, March 19, 10:00 am
Draw 11
Tuesday, March 19, 2:30 pm
Draw 12
Tuesday, March 19, 7:00 pm
Draw 13
Wednesday, March 20, 10:00 am
Draw 14
Wednesday, March 20, 2:30 pm
Draw 16
Thursday, March 21, 8:00 am
Draw 18
Thursday, March 21, 4:00 pm
Draw 20
Friday, March 22, 10:00 am
Draw 22
Friday, March 22, 7:00 pm
Tiebreaker
Saturday, March 23, 8:00 am
Playoffs
Semifinal
Saturday, March 23, 7:00 pm
Final
Sunday, March 24, 11:00 am
References
External links
Host committee website
2013, Men's tournament
2013 in Canadian curling
Sport in Summerside, Prince Edward Island
Curling in Prince Edward Island
The Pennyworth was a freighter, built in Scotland in 1916.
She was the first freighter to carry cargo to Canada's newly opened deepwater port on the Arctic Ocean, at Churchill, Manitoba.
She arrived on August 17, 1932, carrying a mixed cargo of liquor, china and glass tableware, binding twine, and lubricating oil, as well as a few passengers. She was the first freighter to arrive again in 1933, on August 13, 1933.
References
External links
Cargo ships
Saving The Titanic, aired in Germany as Die Helden der Titanic, is 2012 Irish-German television docudrama directed by Maurice Sweeney, and written by Colin Herber-Percy and Lyall Watson. Unlike most films and series depicting the ship's passengers and senior crew, Saving the Titanic dramatizes the engineers and the boiler room crew who kept the furnaces and generators running as the Titanic sank, facilitating the survival of others.
"Based on eyewitness accounts, this is the remarkable story of nine men from the engineering crew who fought courageously to hold back the power of the sea and keep the power systems running, even when they learned that all was lost. The engineering crew consisted of fireman and stokers, who shoveled coal into the ship's 29 boilers that powered its two massive steam engines, and engineers who made sure the engines and other mechanical equipment functioned smoothly. A memorial to commemorate their bravery was erected in Liverpool, England and unveiled in 1916."
Cast
Liam Cunningham
David Wilmot
Ciarán McMenamin
External links
Saving The Titanic at the IMDb database
References
2012 television films
2012 films
Works about RMS Titanic
Films about RMS Titanic
Irish drama films
Films set in 1912
Films directed by Maurice Sweeney
Ulf Grönholm (8 January 1943, Helsinki – 26 February 1981) was a two-time national champion rally driver, from Finland. He was killed during an illegal practice run for Hankiralli in the middle of the night on 26 February 1981 in Kirkkonummi. He was the father of eventual 2000 and 2002 World Rally Champion, Marcus Grönholm.
1943 births
1981 deaths
Sportspeople from Helsinki
Swedish-speaking Finns
Finnish rally drivers
World Rally Championship drivers
Sport deaths in Finland
Jonathan Klein (born June 23, 1987) is an American racing driver from Long Grove, Illinois.
After racing Formula Atlantic cars in the SCCA he moved up to professional racing in 2005 in Star Mazda, finishing 13th for Andersen Walko Racing. In 2006 he moved to the Indy Pro Series driving for Andretti Green Racing. At the time one of Andretti Green's IndyCar entries was sponsored by Klein Tools which at the time was headed by Jonathan Klein's father, Rick Klein. Klein finished second in Indy Pro Series points despite not winning, but did capture a pole at Kentucky Speedway, finishing second, and finished second in the season closer at Chicagoland Speedway. Klein returned to the series in 2007 driving for Team Moore Racing. Klein finished 12th in points with the best finish of 3rd (twice). He returned to the series (then called Firestone Indy Lights) and Team Moore for four late season races in 2008 in what were, as of 2010, his last professional race appearances.
References
External links
Official website
1987 births
Indy Lights drivers
Indy Pro 2000 Championship drivers
People from Long Grove, Illinois
Living people
Racing drivers from Illinois
Team Moore Racing drivers
Luna Park is a name shared by dozens of currently operating and defunct amusement parks. They are named after, and partly based on, the first Luna Park, which opened in 1903 during the heyday of large Coney Island parks. Luna parks are small-scale attraction parks, easily accessed, potentially addressed to the permanent or temporary residential market, and located in the suburbs or even near the town center. Luna parks mainly offer classic funfair attractions (great wheel), newer features (electronic displays) and catering services.
History
The original Luna Park on Coney Island, a massive spectacle of rides, ornate towers and cupolas covered in 250,000 electric lights, was opened in 1903 by the showmen and entrepreneurs Frederic Thompson and Elmer "Skip" Dundy. The park was either named after the fanciful airship Luna, part of the new park's central attraction A Trip to the Moon, or after Dundy's sister. Luna Park was a vastly expanded attraction built partly on the grounds of Sea Lion Park, the first enclosed amusement park on Coney Island which closed down due to competition from nearby Steeplechase Park.
In 1905, Frederick Ingersoll, who was already making a reputation for his pioneering work in roller coaster construction and design (he also designed scenic railroad rides) borrowed the name when he opened Luna Park in Pittsburgh and Luna Park in Cleveland. These first two amusement parks, like their namesake, were covered with electric lighting (the former was adorned with 67,000 light bulbs; the latter, 50,000). Later, in 1907, Charles Looff opened another Luna Park in Seattle, Washington. Ultimately, Ingersoll opened 44 Luna Parks around the world, the first chain of amusement parks. For a short time, Ingersoll renamed his parks Ingersoll's Luna Park to distinguish them from the Luna Parks to which he had no connection. Ingersoll's death in 1927 and the closing of most of his Luna Parks did not stop new parks from taking the name.
Today, the term luna park or lunapark is a noun meaning "amusement park" in several languages, including Indo-European languages such as Polish, French, Italian, Russian and Greek (, ), as well as Turkish and Hebrew (לוּנָה פַּארְק, but the term גן שעשועים lit. 'park of amusements' is also widely used).
List of Luna Parks
In Africa
In Asia
In Europe
In North America
In Oceania
In South America
See also
References
Amusement park companies
Defunct amusement parks
The Robert Morris Colonials women represented Robert Morris University in CHA women's ice hockey during the 2015–16 NCAA Division I women's ice hockey season. The Colonials finished conference play in fourth place, and were eliminated in the semifinal of the CHA Tournament by Mercyhurst.
Offseason
July 1: 2011 Graduate from Brianne McLaughlin signs as goaltender for Buffalo Beauts of the NWHL.
Recruiting
Standings
Roster
2015–16 Colonials
Schedule
|-
!colspan=12 style=" "| Regular Season
|-
!colspan=12 style=" "|CHA Tournament
Awards and honors
Brittany Howard F, 2015–16 All-CHA First Team
Mikaela Lowater D, 2015–16 All-CHA First Team
Maggie LaGue D, 2015–16 All-CHA Rookie Team
Sarah Quaranta F, 2015–16 All-CHA Rookie Team
References
Robert Morris
Robert Morris Lady Colonials ice hockey seasons
Robert
Robert
Per-Erik Larsson (3 May 1929 – 31 May 2008) was a Swedish cross-country skier who competed at the 1956 and 1960 Olympics. He won a bronze medal in the 4 × 10 km relay and finished seventh in the individual 30 km race in 1956. In the 15 km event he placed 12th and 17th in 1956 and 1960, respectively.
Larsson won two 4 × 10 km relay medals at the Nordic skiing World Championships with a gold in 1958 and a bronze in 1954.
Cross-country skiing results
Olympic Games
1 medal – (1 bronze)
World Championships
2 medals – (1 gold, 1 bronze)
References
External links
Swedish Cross-country skiing medalists 1924–2002
World Championship results
Obituary
1929 births
2008 deaths
Swedish male cross-country skiers
Cross-country skiers at the 1956 Winter Olympics
Cross-country skiers at the 1960 Winter Olympics
Olympic medalists in cross-country skiing
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships medalists in cross-country skiing
Medalists at the 1956 Winter Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Sweden
The 1970 Mongolian National Championship was the seventh recorded edition of the Mongolian National Championship for football, with the first tournament taking place in 1955 and no tournament held in 1965. It would appear however that championships were contested between 1956 and 1963, as sources note that Aldar, (literally: Glory) the Mongolian Army Sports Club, won the title on numerous occasions during that time. Nonetheless, the 1970 national championship was won by Aldar, their first recorded title. Aldar went unbeaten throughout the entire season, with Khuldumur finishing as runners-up and Darkhan in third place. The official best players for the championship included: Baigal, Bayanjargal, Sagar (all Aldar), Emel, Grish, Purevjal (all Darkhan), Samdan (Khudulmur).
References
Mongolia Premier League seasons
Mongolia
Mongolia
football
Anna Laura Orrico (born 29 December 1980 in Cosenza) is an Italian politician and entrepreneur.
Biography
She is a Deputy of the Legislature XVIII of Italy with the Five-Star Movement for the college of Cosenza, from 16 September 2019 to 13 February 2021 she has been Undersecretary of the Ministry for Cultural Heritage and Activities of the Conte II Government.
References
1980 births
Living people
People from Cosenza
Deputies of Legislature XVII of Italy
21st-century Italian women politicians
20th-century Italian women
Zhang Laibin (; born 1961) is a professor and the president of China University of Petroleum (Beijing) (since June 2005).
Born and raised in Tongling, Anhui. Zhang obtained his doctorate of Mechanical engineering from China University of Petroleum (Beijing) in 1991.
Zhang is a professor and also be accountable for the administrative work in Personnel Division, Office of International Exchange and Cooperation and the Supervisory Audit Office in Beijing campus.
Zhang became a member of the standing committee of the 11th and 12th session of Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference in 2008 and 2012 respectively. He is also the member of the standing committee of the Central Committee of China Democratic League.
His administration career started as the Vice Dean of the Department of Mechatronics in China University of Petroleum - Beijing in the period between 1992 and 1994. After that he became the Dean for the same department from 1994 to February 1998. In March 1998, he was nominated as the Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee in the university. After one year, he was nominated as the Vice President and worked until May 2005. In June 2005, he became the President of China University of Petroleum – Beijing.
References
Living people
1961 births
Educators from Anhui
People's Republic of China politicians from Anhui
Politicians from Tongling
China University of Petroleum faculty
Aus den Bergen (From the Mountains), opus 292, is the name of a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II. The work was first performed in Pavlovsk on October 2nd 1864, under the title In den Bergen. The composition was dedicated to the music critic Eduard Hanslick. Critics commented on Strauss' waltz that "after a long time a new waltz from Johann Strauss has appeared, which is distinguished by noble and graceful character, and further distinguished by extraordinarily masterful instrumentation." The first Viennese performance of the waltz was in the Volksgarten as part of a benefit concert commemorating Strauss' twentieth anniversary of his debut as a composer.
References
Waltzes by Johann Strauss II
1868 compositions
Shivamogga Airport is an under-construction greenfield airport being built at Sogane, located from Shivamogga and from Bhadravathi in Karnataka, India. The airport was to be built under Public–private partnership (PPP) with the Government of Karnataka. However, due to delays in project execution, the contract was terminated in January 2015. On 15 June 2020, the Chief Minister of Karnataka, B. S. Yediyurappa, laid the foundation stone to start the construction of the airport at the cost of ₹ 450 crore. The airport, to be constructed in two phases, will be completed in January 2023.
History
A team of experts from Airports Authority of India visited the two identified sites at Sogane near Shimoga and Nagarabavi Village near Ayanur on 4 April 2006. Of the two sites inspected by the AAI team, the one at Sogane was found most suitable due to its wind direction and velocity conditions. The only concern was that the land was uneven and needed to be levelled. The other site near Ayanur was found inadequate in width for the runway of the proposed airport
Nineteen companies, had shown interest in developing the airport when the Government had called for an Expression of Interest (EoI) to develop airports in Gulbarga, Bijapur and Shivamogga. The project was awarded to a consortium of Maytas Infra Ltd), NCC Infrastructure Holdings Ltd (NCC) and VIE India Project Development and Holding on 15 November 2007, on a BOT basis. Concession period was to be 30 years, to be extended for a further period of 30 years, by Mutual Agreement.
Shivamogga Airport Developers Pvt Ltd (SADPL), a Special Purpose Company, was established to sign the Project Development Agreement (PDA) with the Infrastructure Development Department (IDD) of the Government of Karnataka. The Shareholding pattern of Maytas Infra, NCC and VIE was 37%, 37% and 26% respectively in SADPL. The project development agreement was signed on 2 April 2008.
The foundation stone for the Phase I construction was laid by former Chief Minister of Karnataka, Shri B. S. Yeddyurappa on 20 June 2008. Due to a change in the project shareholding ratio, a Supplementary Development Agreement was signed on 21 December 2010. Bengaluru-based company Regional Airport-Holdings International Limited (RAHI) acquired 22% in the project and overall management and financial control.
In January 2015, the government decided to annul the land allotment for Shivamogga airport because of “indifference and infighting” among the promoters. As no construction work had begun at the Shivamogga airport, the government plans to re-tender the project.
On 15 June 2020, Karnataka CM B. S. Yeddyurappa relaunched the long pending airport project in Shivamogga. The airport will be built at the cost of ₹220 crore in about 662.38 acre land area has been initiated earlier at Sogane, It will be built as a part of the UDAN scheme.
Land acquisition and lease
The government had acquired 662.38 acres of land, and 58.3 million released for acquisition and development. Compensation for farmers given, for private land 600,000 for an acre of dry land and 700,000 for an acre of wetland, and for farmers using government land 200,000 per acre. About 130 acres of private land and 530 acres of government land acquired for the project. Families living in the affected area were provided monetary compensation and alternate housing.
The Land Lease Deed signed on 21 December 2010 commits the lessee to the rent 20,232 per acre annually to the GoK (13.4 million). The lease rent will increase by 10% every three years during the lease period.
Construction
Work on Phase I of the construction started on April 2011. However, out of the proposed 3,200 metre runways, only the work of levelling a 0.5-km stretch with boulders and concrete mixture was completed. After this, differences cropped up between the partners of the contractor and all work on the project was stopped.
On 15 June 2020, the Chief Minister of Karnataka B. S. Yeddyurappa relaunched the airport project. The airport is being at a cost of ₹ 220 crore, in about 662 acres of land area. It will be built as a part of the UDAN scheme.
The airport would have the longest runway of 3,200 metres after Kempegowda International Airport at Bengaluru. It would be an airport or international standards where widebody aircraft could land.
The airport is designed to operate ATR-72 type aircraft, with a seating capacity of 70 passengers, and can handle about 200 peak hour passengers. In the future, the airport will be expanded to operate higher types of aircraft like Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 type aircraft, based on the future demand. The project will be taken up in two phases. It was expected to be completed by 2022, but it is now confirmed to be completed in January 2023.
See also
List of airports in Karnataka
References
External links
Airports in Karnataka
Proposed airports in Karnataka
Shimoga
Buildings and structures in Shimoga district
Transport in Shimoga district
Pistoria is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The single species of this monotypic genus, Pistoria nigropunctata, is found in New Guinea (Australasian realm).
Subspecies
P. n. nigropunctata (south-western New Guinea: Upper Waria Ranges, Papua New Guinea: Mambare)
P. n. siwiensis Tite, 1962 (West Irian: Mount Siwi)
P. n. weylandia Tite, 1962 (West Irian: Weyland Mountains)
P. n. aroa Tite, 1962 (southern Papua New Guinea: Aroa)
P. n. fracta Tite, 1962 (New Guinea: Rawlinson Mountains)
P. n. kratke Tite, 1962 (New Guinea: Kratke Mountains)
References
Polyommatini
Monotypic butterfly genera
Taxa named by Francis Hemming
Lycaenidae genera
The cinnamon-rumped foliage-gleaner (Philydor pyrrhodes) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical swampland.
References
External links
Image and classification at Animal Diversity Web
cinnamon-rumped foliage-gleaner
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
cinnamon-rumped foliage-gleaner
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Leslie Charles Reeves (22 June 1923 – 23 June 1967) was an Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League, (VFL).
Reeves was the nephew of Ray Niven and Colin Niven.
Prior to playing VFL football, Reeves served in the Australian Army during World War II.
References
External links
People educated at Wesley College (Victoria)
North Melbourne Football Club players
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
1923 births
1967 deaths
Russell Thomas is an American operatic tenor. He has performed leading roles at some of the world's leading opera houses, including the Metropolitan Opera, Los Angeles Opera, Lyric Opera of Chicago, the English National Opera, Deutsche Oper Berlin, and the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, among others.
Early life
Born in Miami, Florida, Thomas did not discover his voice until the age of 18, when a voice teacher suggested he could make a career out of singing. He went on to study music at conservatory, and sang in the chorus of Miami Opera as an undergraduate. Thomas went on to be a young artist with Seattle Opera Young Artist Program, the Florida Grand Opera, the Opera Theatre of Saint Louis, and Sarasota Opera.
Career
He has sung the role of Tito in Mozart's La clemenza di Tito and Rodolfo in Puccini's La Boheme at the Metropolitan Opera, and at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden he appeared as Gabriele Adorno in Verdi's Simon Boccanegra. He is the Artist in Residence for the Los Angeles Opera until 2024.
References
External links
Official Website
20th-century American male opera singers
21st-century African-American male singers
African-American male opera singers
American operatic tenors
Living people
Musicians from Miami
Singers from Florida
Year of birth missing (living people)
Bengisu Erçetin (born 1 January 2001) is a Turkish badminton player. Erçetin won the gold medal at the 2018 European Junior Championships, 2022 Mediterranean Games, and the silver medal at the 2018 Mediterranean Games partnered with Nazlıcan İnci.
Erçetin's achievements began when she won the girls' doubles title at the 2016 European U15 Championships in Kazan, Russia partnered with Zehra Erdem, and also won the bronze medal in the singles event. Teamed-up with Nazlıcan İnci, they grabbed the silver medal in the U17 Championships in 2016, and made it to the gold medal in 2017 with Erdem. She won her first senior international tournament at the 2017 Turkey International tournament.
Achievements
Mediterranean Games
Women's doubles
European Junior Championships
Girls' doubles
BWF International Challenge/Series (5 titles, 5 runners-up)
Women's doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
BWF Future Series tournament
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
People from Erzincan
Sportspeople from Istanbul
Turkish female badminton players
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 2022 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Turkey
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Turkey
Mediterranean Games medalists in badminton
Badminton players at the 2019 European Games
European Games competitors for Turkey
21st-century Turkish women
Akhil Katyal (born 1985, Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh) is an Indian poet, translator, scholar and a queer activist.
Career
Katyal has published three books of poems - Like Blood on the Bitten Tongue: Delhi Poems, How Many Countries Does the Indus Cross and Night Charge Extra. During Fall 2016, he was an International Writing Fellow at the University of Iowa. He was the recipient of the Vijay Nambisan Poetry Fellowship for the year 2021. In 2018, he translated Ravish Kumar's book of Hindi poems Ishq Mein Shahar Hona as A City Happens in Love. In 2020, he co-edited The World that Belongs to Us: An Anthology of Queer Poetry from South Asia. His work appears in Jeet Thayil (ed.) The Penguin Book of Indian Poets (2022). In the summer of 2022, he guest-edited a special issue on 'New Indian English Poetry' for Poetry at Sangam.
Katyal is from Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh and teaches creative writing at Ambedkar University Delhi.
References
1985 births
Living people
Activists from Delhi
Writers from Lucknow
Poets from Delhi
Poets from Uttar Pradesh
Queer writers
21st-century LGBT people
Atea is a deity in several Polynesian cultures, including the Marquesas and Tuamotu Islands, and New Zealand.
Marquesas Islands
In the mythology of the Marquesas Islands, Atea is the giver of light. In one legend Atea and Tāne are brothers, the sons of Toho. Another tradition relates that Atea (as light) evolved himself, and then brought forth Ono. Joining forces, they broke up the boundless darkness of the underworld (Po), where Tanaoa, lord of darkness, and Mutu-hei (silence) had lived for eternity. Atea and Ono made war on Tanaoa and Mutu-hei, and defeated them. They confined the gods of night within set boundaries. Out of the struggle came forth Atanua, the dawn. Atea then married Atanua, and their children include the lesser gods and humankind (Tregear 1891:29).
Tuamotu Islands
In the mythology of the Tuamotu islands, Atea is killed by Tāne, his second son (Meletinsky 2000:421). Their first son, Tahu, dies of starvation and the two gods switch sexes. Later, Atea tries to kidnap Tane, but Tane escapes to earth and eventually becomes so hungry that he eats a man, thus becoming the first cannibal. Tane declares war on Atea and kills him with the lightning bolts of Fatu-tiri, his ancestor).
New Zealand
Friedrich Ratzel in The History of Mankind (1896) related the Māori belief that creation commenced with the night then, after untold periods, desire awoke, then longing, then feeling. Thought followed upon the first pulse of life, or the first breath drawn; and upon thought, mental activity. Then sprang up the wish, directed to the sacred mystery or great riddle of life. Later, from the material procreative power of love develops the clinging to existence, permeated by a joyous sense of pleasure. Lastly, Atea, the universe, floated in space, divided by the difference of sex into Rangi and Papa, Heaven and Earth; and individual creations then began.
See also
Vatea, a god from Mangaia in the Cook Islands
Wakea, a god from Hawaii
Rangi and Papa, primordial parents in Māori tradition
References
Creation myths
Light gods
Marquesan mythology
Polynesian gods
Tuamotu deities
Pat Kelly (10 May 1923 – 10 February 1999) was an Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
References
External links
North Melbourne Football Club players
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
1923 births
1999 deaths
Francis Douglas Strang (12 July 1912 – 28 March 1954) was an Australian rules footballer who played as a full forward in the VFL between 1931 and 1935 for the Richmond Football Club.
Family
He married Ina Lillian McCullough, at Geelong on 18 November 1937.
He was the brother of dual Richmond premiership player Gordon Strang, St Kilda footballer Colin Strang, and South Melbourne footballer Allan Strang. He was the father of dual Richmond premiership player Geoff Strang, and the uncle of Richmond premiership player John Perry.
Football
Strang played with Albury Rovers FC in the Albury & Border Football Association in 1929 and was originally recruited from East Albury after one season in the Ovens and Murray Football League in 1930, as part of a major country recruiting drive by the Tigers, who were eager to break a run of Grand Final losses to Collingwood dating back to 1927.
In just his second VFL game, his 14 goals kicked against North Melbourne in 1931 still stands to this day as the record for the most goals kicked by a Richmond player in a single game, and as the youngest player to kick ten or more goals in a VFL game, at just 18 years and 300 days old.
n his first season Strang's brilliant overhead marking, in spite of exceptionally wet weather for much of the winter, brought him sixty-eight goals with long drop kicks. In 1932, Strang struggled severely in another rainy winter, but from the time he kicked a goal after the bell to end an eleven match winning streak by Carlton, his brilliant marking asserted itself, most notably in a wonderful display on a dry ground in the second-semi-final.
1933 saw Strang begin to suffer from injuries later in the season. After he had seemingly returned to his best form with ten goals at Arden Street in the thirteenth round, Strang damaged a thigh when playing for the Tigers against the Ballarat League between the fifteenth and sixteenth rounds, and due to knee problems was not at his best when returning for the finals. When the 1934 season opened it was thought Doug Strang would be fully fit, but after one impressive match in the second round against St. Kilda, it was soon discovered that the knee required an operation to repair a slipped disc, and Strang did not play again until the fourteenth round against Carlton. After that, however, the disc incapacitated him once more and he was a passenger on the forward flank by the seventeenth round. These injuries meant Strang left Richmond during 1935. In June 1935, Strang was cleared to Kyneton Football Club where he took over the lease of the Junction Hotel, Kyneton.
Strang was captain / coach of the Kyneton Football Club's 1936 premiership team in Bendigo Football League, before returning to Albury as a hotelier in 1937 and playing in Albury Football Club's 1937 premiership team. after it was thought he would go back to Richmond.
Strang continuing to kick many goals for the Albury Football Club, kicking 126 in 1938 & 117 in 1939. In one game in 1939 he kicked 20 goals against Corowa Football Club. and he captain-coached Albury to two premierships in 1939 and 1940.
Cricket
In addition to his footballing ability, Strang was an excellent bowler in country cricket for a number of years. In consecutive weeks in 1936 he took six wickets for Kyneton.
Death
Strang died at the age of 41 when he was hit by a car on Dean Street in Albury.
Recognition
Strang would later make the Albury Football Club's Team of the Century and be inducted into the O&MFL's - Hall of Fame.
The O&MFL goalkicking award is now known as the Doug Strang Medal.
Notes
References
Hogan P: The Tigers Of Old, Richmond FC, (Melbourne), 1996.
External links
1912 births
1954 deaths
Australian rules footballers from New South Wales
Australian Rules footballers: place kick exponents
Albury Football Club players
Albury Football Club coaches
Richmond Football Club players
Richmond Football Club Premiership players
Road incident deaths in New South Wales
One-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
Robert Still (10 June 1910 – 13 January 1971) was a wide-ranging English composer of tonal music, who made strong use of dissonance. He produced four symphonies and four string quartets. As a songwriter he set words by Byron, Keats and Shelley.
Life
Still was born in London on 10 June 1910 into a family with a strong interest in music. He was a descendant of John Still, bishop of Bath and Wells. Still was educated at Eton College (1923–29) and Trinity College, Oxford, where he graduated in History and French, and then in music. He had a younger brother who died aged 16 and a sister who emigrated to Australia.
At school and at university Still developed a lifelong interest in racquet sports, including real tennis, in which he won a university sporting blue. Both his father and grandfather were solicitors in a long-established London firm, and he had been intended for the law. He studied music at Oxford under Ernest Walker, Sir Hugh Allen and others (ancestor Peter Still had acted for George III), and then spent two years at the Royal College of Music under C. H. Kitson, Gordon Jacob and the organist Basil Allchin. He also studied under Wilfred Dunwell at Trinity College of Music (modern harmony and counterpoint) and later in life under Hans Keller.
After Oxford, Still returned to Eton to teach music, moving on in 1938 to become conductor and arranger of the Ballet Trois Arts, a travelling company. Having refused a commission, he spent the Second World War first manning a searchlight in the Cotswolds and then with the Royal Artillery travelling orchestra, which he conducted. He married Elizabeth Westman in 1944 and they had four daughters.
After the war, the couple moved to Ampfield, Hampshire and in 1949 to Bucklebury, Berkshire, where he lived at Bucklebury Lodge, Chapel Row. There he devoted himself to composition, working from a studio hut in the garden. Visitors there included Sir Eugene Goossens, Edmund Rubbra, Deryck Cooke, Heather Harper and Myer Fredman. While at Bucklebury Still composed The Ballad of the Bladebone Inn, an orchestral overture inspired by the pub close to his house. Describing a tale explaining the name and sign of the pub, the composition's debut performance was at the Royal Festival Hall on 23 October 1957. Stanley Bayliss of The Musical Times described it as "duly bucolic" with "pleasant tunes", but said that it failed to send a "shiver down the spine."
Much of his time in later life was spent giving free advice and lessons to students. His local friends included the composer Anthony Scott (1911-2000, Finzi's only pupil), painter and critic Adrian Stokes, the harpsichordist Michael Thomas (1922-1997) and Newbury Choral Society conductor and pianist John Russell.
As well as music, Still also considered becoming a Freudian lay psychoanalyst. This interest led him to form the London Imago Society in 1956, along with Adrian Stokes. An article by Still on the psychology of Gustav Mahler was published by The American Imago Society. Still presented a radio broadcast for the BBC on this subject in 1964. He also sat on a selection board for Berkshire Education Authority and advised prospective students over a period of 15 years.
Still died of a heart attack on 13 January 1971, having just been elected to the Executive Committee of the Composer's Guild. In an obituary, The Musical Times wrote of him as "a songwriter of genuine lyrical impulse [who] set words by Byron, Keats and Shelley; he was also a symphonist, in a conservative vein." His widow Elizabeth died in 2008.
Music
Still's composition remained predominantly tonal, but with strong use of dissonance. Early in his career he wrote songs and a since-lost light opera for the Windsor Operatic Society, for which he was the conductor while still teaching at Eton. His compositions came to include many other songs, four symphonies, violin and piano concertos, four string quartets and other chamber music, three piano sonatas and an opera.
In the mid-1950s, Argo Records recorded a number of his chamber works, including the Quintet for three flutes, violin & cello and the Viola Sonata No 2. His Third Symphony (1960) was submitted to the University of Oxford in 1963, after being championed by Sir Eugene Goossens, the conductor. This earned him an Oxford doctorate in music. Goossens recorded the Symphony in 1966. The single movement Symphony No 4 was composed in 1964 and also recorded, conducted by Myer Fredman.
The four string quartets were recorded by the Villiers Quartet in 2013-14. They show a stylist journey from the pre-classical and folk-song models of the first two (only Number 1 was performed during the composer's lifetime and was premiered in 1948), to the "without key" polytonality of the second two, which date from the 1960s and show the influence of Bartok and Schoenberg, and of Hans Keller, whose advice Still sought out at this period.
Following his death in 1971 his work was neglected. The BBC broadcast his Concerto for String Orchestra in 1979 and his Elegie for baritone, chorus and orchestra in 1990. (The Elegie, originally written for the Newbury Choral Society, is a setting of Matthew Arnold's poem 'A Summer Night'). A number of earlier recordings from the 1960s and 1970s were revived for his centenary in 2010. The "fearsomely difficult" Violin Concerto was revived on 18 May 2013 in Ealing, London.
An archive is held at the Jerwood Library of the Performing Arts in Greenwich.
Selected works
Orchestral
Symphony No 1 in C (1954)
The Ballad of Bladebourne Inn, overture (1956)
Symphony No 2 (1956)
Symphony No 3 in C major (1960)
Concerto for Strings (1964)
Symphony No 4 (Sinfonia) (1964)
Violin Concerto (1969)
Piano Concerto (1970)
Choral
Elegy (also Elegie) for baritone, chorus and orchestra (1963-4)
Opera
Oedipus, libretto Adrian Stokes (1950s)
Chamber music
String Quartet No 1 in A minor (1948)
String Quartet No 2 in D major
String Quartet No 3, "without key" (1960s)
String Quartet No 4, "without key" (1960s)
Cello Sonata in D minor
Clarinet Quintet
Oboe Quartet
Oboe Sonatina
Piano Quintet in F major
Quintet for three flutes, violin and cello
Trio in D minor for flute, cello and piano
Trio in A for clarinet, violin and piano (fp 1964)
Viola Sonata No 2
Viola Sonata No 2
Violin Sonata
Piano
Piano Sonata No 1 in B major (fp 1969)
Piano Sonata No 2 in G major
Piano Sonata No 3 in C (fp 1971)
Songs
August (Masefield)
Awaiting Execution (Chidiock Tichbourne)
Beauty Bathing (Munday)
The Kingfisher (W H Davies)
Ode to a Skylark (Shelley)
Shall I, wasting in despair? (George Wither)
Song of Pain and Beauty (Gurney)
The Song of the Sirens (Thomas Browne)
Sonnet (Keats)
Sunset on the Morea (Byron)
The sea hath many thousand sands (Anon.)
To Julia (Herrick)
Upon Julia's Clothes (Herrick)
When I am dead, my dearest'' (C. Rossetti)
Notes
References
External links
Still's setting of the Lord's Prayer
A biographical account by the composer's wife, Elizabeth Still
Robert Still archive, British Music Society catalogue
Violin Concerto, third movement, Efi Christodoulou, Ealing Symphony Orchestra, cond. John Gibbons
20th-century classical composers
English classical composers
English opera composers
Male opera composers
English conductors (music)
British male conductors (music)
Alumni of Trinity College, Oxford
People educated at Eton College
Musicians from London
People from Bucklebury
1910 births
1971 deaths
20th-century British conductors (music)
20th-century English composers
English male classical composers
20th-century British male musicians
British Army personnel of World War II
Royal Artillery personnel
The Pam O'Neill Stakes, registered as the Glenlogan Park Stakes, is a Brisbane Racing Club Group 3 Thoroughbred horse race for fillies and mares, run under Set Weights with penalties conditions over a distance of 1600 metres at Eagle Farm Racecourse, Brisbane, Australia during the Queensland Winter Racing Carnival. Total prizemoney is A$150,000.
History
The race was inaugurated in 1985 as the Rosemount Wines Stakes. Since its first running the race has had many name changes but since 2002 the name has been the Glenlogan Park Stakes.Ortensia won this race in 2009 before pursuing successful overseas campaigns in Dubai and in England.
Name
1985–1986 - Rosemount Wines Stakes
1987–1988 - Orlando Wines Stakes
1989 - Minister for Transport Stakes
1990 - QBBS Breeders' Stakes
1991 - QBBS Stakes
1992 - Michaels Restaurant Stakes
1993–1995 - The Original Tastee Pies Stakes
1996–1998 - Diamond Stud Stakes
1999–2000 - Glenlogan Park Stakes
2001 - Lady Of The Turf Stakes
2002–2018 - Glenlogan Park Stakes
2019 - Grinders Coffee Roasters Stakes
2020 - Sapphire Stakes
2021 onwards - Pam O'Neill Stakes
Grade
1985–2009 - Listed Race
2010 onwards - Group 3
Conditions
prior 2005 - Handicap
2005–2006 - Quality handicap
2007 onwards - Set weights with penalties
Distance
prior to 2016 – 1350 metres
2017 – 1300 metres
2018 – 1350 metres
2019 – 1300 metres
Venue
prior to 2016 - Doomben Racecourse
2017 - Eagle Farm Racecourse
2018 - Doomben Racecourse
2019 - Eagle Farm Racecourse
Winners
2022 - Tycoon Evie
2021 - Nudge
2020 - Sure Knee
2019 - Savatiano
2018 - Pedrena
2017 - Eckstein
2016 - Ghisoni
2015 - Peace Force
2014 - Srikandi
2013 - Sookie
2012 - Wealth Princess
2011 - Kanzan
2010 - Wealth Princess
2009 - Ortensia
2008 - Quizzical Lady
2007 - Storm Signal
2006 - Countess Bathory
2005 - Beautiful Gem
2004 - Martique
2003 - Suzy Grey
2002 - Paris Heartbeat
2001 - Classic Cliche
2000 - Stella Maree
1999 - Chiming Lass
1998 - Razor Blade
1997 - Timeless Winds
1996 - Amber
1995 - Mamzelle Pedrille
1994 - Seawinne
1993 - Rich Pageantry
1992 - Blushing Bijou
1991 - Morning Lover
1990 - Our Today
1989 - La Posette
1988 - Marmie's Girl
1987 - Call Me Biddy
1986 - Dame Du Siecle
1985 - Princess Tiber
‡ Not held due to the COVID-19 pandemic
See also
List of Australian Group races
Group races
References
Horse races in Australia
Mile category horse races for fillies and mares
Sport in Brisbane
Raphitoma griseomaculata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
Description
The length of the holotype reaches 13.9 mm. Its diameter is 5.5 mm.
Distribution
This marine species occurs in the Mediterranean Sea off Lecce, Italy
References
External links
Giannuzzi-Savelli R., Pusateri F. & Bartolini S. (2018). A revision of the Mediterranean Raphitomidae (Gastropoda, Conoidea), 7: on the sibling species Raphitoma densa (Monterosato, 1884) and R. griseomaculata n. sp. Biodiversity Journal. 9(4): 429-440
griseomaculata
Gastropods described in 2018
The IBM System/370 Model 168 and Model 158 were both announced on August 2, 1972. Prior 370 systems had not "offered virtual storage capability, which was to be a hallmark of the 370 line," and some said that
the 168 and 158 were the first "real 370" products. By contrast, "in 1972, the System/370 Advanced Function was released and had new Address Relocation Hardware and now supported four new
operating systems (VM/370, DOS/VS, OS/VS1, OS/VS2)."
The 158 and 168 were withdrawn on September 15, 1980.
Features
Main memory
Main memory, which was four-way doubleword interleaved, could be 1 to 8 megabytes, with offerings selectable in increments of one megabyte.
The Model 168 used semiconductor memory, rather than the magnetic-core memory used by the 370/165 introduced 2 years prior, resulting in a system that was faster and physically smaller than a Model 165.
System console
The newly introduced IBM 3066 Model 2 System console
included a light pen
replaced "most switch, pushbutton, and indicator functions"
as with the 165's Model 1, had a microfiche document viewer, a feature introduced for the 360/85's console.
A console printer (up to 85 characters per second) to provide hard copy was optional when the console was in display mode, and required when it was in printer-keyboard mode.
Disk storage
The newly introduced Model 11 of IBM's 3330 family of disk drives, featuring removable disk packs, has double the capacity of the prior 100-megabyte offerings. It can't be attached to a 370/165.
Multiprocessing
Both the 370/168 and the 370/158 had MP (multiprocessing) models that offered "tightly coupled multiprocessing.
The 168 was described as having "two types of multiprocessing support" since it also offered attaching a second processing unit, an IBM 3062 Attached Processing Unit, which lacked access to Input/Output channels.
Extended precision floating-point
This feature adds support for 128-bit "hexadecimal" floating-point operands. It is standard on all 165 and 168 models, and is an "Optional (no-charge)" feature on the 370/158.
Emulation
The optional IBM 7070/7074 Compatibility Feature allowed the 165 to "run 7070 and 7074 programs at speeds that, in general, equal or exceed those of the original systems" and yet "not affect normal operation of System/370."
Other listed options are:
7080 Compatibility
709/7090/7094 II Compatibility
There is a limitation, however, described as:"Note: Compatibility features are mutually exclusive."
System/370 Extended Facility
This optional facility of the 168-3 provides support for MVS/System Extensions (MVS/SE) and for the later MVS/System Product (MVS/SP).
168-1 & 168-3
The Third (June 1975) edition of IBM's 168 Guide introduced the 168-3."There are two versions of the Model 168: the Model 1 and the Model 3."
IBM referred to the System/370 Model 168-3 as "the company's ... flagship."
The 168-3 CPU's internal performance has been described as 5–13% faster than the 168-1.
See also
List of IBM products
IBM System/360
IBM System/370
Notes
References
IBM System/360 mainframe line
Computer-related introductions in 1972
The Jamz is a half-hour workplace sitcom following the exploits of the crew at 101.7 THE JAMZ, Chicago's fictional #1-rated radio station.
The original concept for The Jamz, which was ordered straight-to-series by The Orchard, was created by Jim Kozyra and Chris Petlak, who serve as series regulars, writers, and co-executive producers.
Kozrya and Petlak were working at Chicago's 101.9 FM "The Mix" when they came up with the idea of a sitcom based on life at a radio station.
In 2012, Kozyra and Petlak raised a couple thousand dollars online to create a web series about life at a dysfunctional radio station. Because the eipodes received very little views, the two created a pilot for a full-fledged television series called “The Jamz” and submitted it to the New York Television Festival in 2014.
Episodes for Season 1 were released on iTunes April 12, 2016. The series premiered on Netflix April 30.
The series is shot in Chicago.
Cast
Chris Petlak as Jay-Jay
Jim Kozyra as Fitzy
David Pasquesi as Kasey
Tamberla Perry as Geena
Emily Peterson as Chrissy
Kathy Najimy as Dan
Vincent Teninty as Wyatt
Michael Patrick Thornton as Stanton
Rammel Chan as Intern
Cedric Young as Suds
Matt Kozlowski as Clancy
Sarah Mitchell as Liz
Amy Rapp as Julie
Episodes
Season 1 (2016)
References
External links
Television shows set in Chicago
Television shows set in Cook County, Illinois
Television shows set in the United States
2010s American sitcoms
2016 American television series debuts
2010s American workplace comedy television series
English-language television shows
Fab Fox is the second studio album by Fujifabric, released in 2005 on the Capitol Records label.
Track listing
"Sunny Morning"
(Album Ver.)
"Birthday"
Chart positions
Fujifabric albums
2005 albums
Hubert James Hungerford Henchman (29 August 1876-18 February 1963) was an Australian barrister and public servant who served as the Solicitor-General of Queensland from 5 August 1937 to 31 December 1945. Henchman also served as the Crown Solicitor of Queensland from 2 March 1923 to 4 August 1937. Henchman was born in London to William and Jane Henchman, coming to Australia in 1878 where he resided in Melbourne. He later resided in Rockhampton in 1883, where his father would become a Judge of the District Court. Henchman married wife Nelsey Ridgeway in 1915. He died in Brisbane in 1963.
References
1876 births
1963 deaths
Solicitors general
Solicitors-General of Queensland
Pulchrana fantastica, also known as the splendid stream frog, is a species of "true frog", family Ranidae. It is endemic to northern Sumatra (Indonesia) and is currently known from the Aceh and North Sumatra provinces. Its nearest relatives are Pulchrana centropeninsularis and Pulchrana siberu. The specific name fantastica is derived from the Greek phantastikós and refers to the "extraordinary beauty" of this frog.
Description
Adult males measure in snout–vent length; females are unknown. The body is slender. The snout is obtusely pointed in dorsal view and slightly protruding in lateral view. The tympanum is visible and the supratympanic fold is distinct. The fingers are long and slender and lack webbing, but have tips slightly enlarged into rounded discs. The toes are webbed and have tips enlarged into discs. The dorsum ranges from finely granulated to granular. The dorsal coloration is black. There usually is a middorsal marking consisting of an orange, discontinuous line of variable length, possibly in combination with spots; this marking is lacking in all juveniles. There is a pair of continuous orange dorsolateral lines running from the tip of the snout over canthus rostralis to sacrum, eventually breaking into spots at the posterior pelvic region. The flanks are brown and have yellow spots. The venter is greyish-brown. The dorsal surfaces of the limbs are brown with yellow to orange round or elongated, sometimes connected spots.
Males have paired internal subgular vocal sacs.
Habitat
Pulchrana fantastica occurs in primary forest at elevations between above sea level. The lowland records come from a typical dipterocarp forest. Specimens have been found on the forest-floor leaf litter and various perches (low vegetation, dead logs, roots, and rocks) near small to medium-sized streams, and even on a dead branch in a stream.
Conservation
As of November 2021, this species has not been included in the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Arifin and colleagues consider the ongoing loss of primary forest a major threat to Pulchrana fantastica. All populations sampled in Aceh come from protected areas, including the Mount Leuser National Park.
References
fantastica
Amphibians of Indonesia
Endemic fauna of Sumatra
Amphibians described in 2018
Bernard Vincent Herbert (20 February 1889 – 14 December 1949) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the VFL between 1909 and 1921 for the Richmond Football Club. He served as Richmond's President from 1932 to 1935 and again in 1939.
He later became an inspector in the Victorian Police Force, and was awarded the 'Valour' award for bravery while on duty.
References
Hogan P: The Tigers of Old, Richmond FC, Melbourne 1996
Richmond Football Club – Hall of Fame
External links
1889 births
1949 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Australian Rules footballers: place kick exponents
Richmond Football Club players
Brunswick Football Club players
Richmond Football Club Premiership players
Richmond Football Club administrators
Two-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
The black-headed weaver (Ploceus melanocephalus), also known as yellow-backed weaver, is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
Taxonomy and systematics
P. victoriae Ash, 1986 is now thought to be a hybrid between P. melanocephalus and P. castanops.
Description
Breeding males have a black head and yellow nuchal collar, which is absent in the Juba and golden-backed weavers. It also differs from the latter species and village weaver by its plain, greenish mantle plumage. The pale yellow underpart plumage is suffused with a variable amount of chestnut.
The female and non-breeding male lack the black head, and resemble a female masked weaver, except that they have dark eyes and a darker bill. Their buffy breast plumage also distinguishes them from non-breeding golden-backed weavers.
Distribution and habitat
It occurs in West, Central, and East Africa, but it has also been introduced to the Iberian Peninsula. It is found in savanna and similar habitats, typically near water. It often lives on an Acacia tree 3 meters away from land to prevent predation.
Gallery
References
black-headed weaver
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
black-headed weaver
black-headed weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Bernabe Villacampo (born June 11, 1943) was a Philippine boxer who took the WBA World Flyweight Championship in a fifteen round Unanimous Decision on October 19, 1969 against Japanese boxer Hiroyuki Ebihara at the Prefectural Gymnasium, in Osaka, Japan. Villacampo's business manager was Lope Sarreal Jr. A strong puncher, he knocked out opponents in 40% of the matches he won.
Early life and career
Villacampo started out as a vendor selling ice drops, rice puffs, and newspapers. Hawking newspapers and working as vendors were common part time professions for young boxers, and a frequent trade of American boxers in the early twentieth century. At 19, he started boxing as an amateur in tournaments representing his school, the University of Visayas, to supplement the paltry living he made as a vendor.
By the time he turned twenty in 1963, he was clearly competing as a professional. Between August 1962 and July 1965 he fought mostly in Cebu, Philippines, his hometown, or occasionally on the Philippine's big island, Luzon. He won fourteen of his first nineteen fights during this period.
Moving up in recognition and the level of his competition, he scored an upset sixth round knockout against Japanese boxer Katsuyoshi Takayama on November 6, 1967, in Okayama, Japan.
On May 15, 1968, he fought a twelve round draw for the Oriental and Pacific Boxing Federation (OPBF) Flyweight Championship against Tsuyoshi Nakamura in Tokyo, Japan.
Attempt at the WBC World Flyweight Championship
On November 10, 1968, he made an unsuccessful attempt at the WBC Flyweight Championship against Chartchai Chionoi. He lost in a fifteen round Unanimous Decision in Bankok, Thailand. Chionoi immediately announced his retirement after the win, his fourth title defense, stating, "I am tired of the fightgame and feel sick and unwell." Chionoi did not retire and fought on to win the title two more times before finally retiring in 1974. Chionoi survived his boxing career, though suffers from Parkinson's in his retirement.
Taking the WBA World Flyweight Championship
He took the WBA World Flyweight Championship in a fifteen round Unanimous Decision on October 19, 1969 against Japanese boxer Hiroyuki Ebihara at the Prefectural Gymnasium, in Osaka, Japan. He stunned the enthusiastic Japanese crowd in Osaka by claiming the title against the heavy hometown favorite.
Boxing while WBA Flyweight Champion
While still champion on December 14, 1969 he was defeated in a non-title fight by Masao Oba in a ten round Uanimous Decision in Tokyo, Japan.
On February 7, 1970, in a non-title fight in Manila he won a ten round Unanimous Decision against Raton Mojica of Nicaragua.
Losing the WBA World Flyweight Championship to Berkrerk Chartvanchai
In his first title defense, he lost the WBA World Flyweight Championship in a close fifteen round Split Decision on April 5, 1970 against Thai boxer Berkrerk Chartvanchai in Bangkok, Thailand. The loss dropped Villacampo to third in the World ratings. As the Philippines was and had been an American protectorate, many American papers covered Villacampo's loss, though in short paragraphs, with minimal detail. In a close bout, the Associated Press had the scoring 73-70 for Chartvanchai. Chartvanchai used primarily body punches and solid defense to take the title. He made Villicampo miss repeatedly and scored frequently with blows to the torso. In the eighth he opened a cut above Villacampo's eye that bothered his opponent throughout the remainder of the bout. One source noted "Villicampo...was the more aggressive but could not land telling blows." Many of Chartvanchai's best scoring punches were quick strikes to the torso after breaking out of clinches.
Losing to Betulio Gonzalez
On December 21, 1970, he entered a WBA Flyweight Title Elimination tournament. In one of his most important contests, he lost a Split Decision against future 3-time world champion Betulio Gonzalez of Venezuela in Caracas. Gonzalez was the Venezuelan Flyweight Champion at the time. Had Villacampo won the bout, he would probably have had the opportunity to meet Japanese Flyweight World titleholder Masao Ohba for the title the following year.
On May 13, 1971, he outpointed Beaver Kajimoto in a ten round bout in Tokyo, Japan.
Boxing for the Philippine's Game and Amusement Board's Flyweight Title
On January 31, 1976, he lost to Rolando Navarette, in a second round TKO in Cebu, Philippines.
On June 24, 1977, he won the Philippines Games and Amusement Board's (GAB) Flyweight Title by defeating Arnel Arrozal in a fourth round technical knockout in Manila.
On March 7, 1978 he won a fourth round knockout in an important bout against 1980 World Light Flyweight Champion Shigeo Nakajima in Tokyo, Japan.
On July 1, 1978 he fought a GAB Flyweight title fight to a twelve round draw against Julius Gonzaga at Davao City, Davao del Sur, Philippines. On August 28, 1978, he relinquished the GAB Flyweight Title, the equivalent of the Philippines National Flyweight Championship to Gonzaga against at Davao City, Davao del Sur, Philippines in a seventh of twelve round knockouts.
After his fifth round knockout loss on November 24, 1979 to Danilo Inocian, at Cotabato del Sur, Philippines, he retired from boxing.
Boxing achievements and honors
In another honor, Villacampo was named fighter of the month by the World Boxing Association in December 1969.
References
World Boxing Association champions
World flyweight boxing champions
Flyweight boxers
World boxing champions
1943 births
Filipino male boxers
Boxers from Cebu
Living people
Trioceros chapini, also known commonly as Chapin's chameleon, the gray chameleon, and the grey chameleon, is a species of lizard in the family Chamaeleonidae. The species is native to Central Africa.
Etymology
The specific name, chapini, is in honor of American ornithologist James Paul Chapin.
Geographic range
T. chapini is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Gabon.
Habitat
The preferred natural habitat of T. chapini is forest.
Reproduction
The mode of reproduction of T. chapini is unknown.
References
Further reading
de Witte GF (1964). "A New Chameleon from the Congo". American Museum Novitates (2192): 1–3. (Chamaeleo chapini, new species).
Nečas P (1999). Chameleons—Nature's Hidden Jewels. Frankfurt am Main: Chimaira. 348 pp. (Europe), (United States, Canada).
Tilbury CR, Tolley KA (2009). "A re-appraisal of the systematics of the African genus Chamaeleo (Reptilia: Chamaeleonidae)". Zootaxa 2079: 57–68.
Trioceros
Reptiles described in 1964
Taxa named by Gaston-François de Witte
Reptiles of Gabon
Reptiles of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Sir Richard Radford Best, (28 July 1933 – 7 March 2014) was a senior British diplomat. He served as Ambassador to Iceland from 1989 to 1991.
Early life
Best was born in Worthing, West Sussex, on 28 July 1933. He studied history at University College London, graduating Bachelor of Arts (BA).
Career
On 31 December 1970, Best was appointed an officer of the Majesty's Diplomatic Service.
Honours
In the 1977 Queen's Birthday Honours, Best was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) for his services as First Secretary, H.M. Embassy Stockholm. and a CBE in the 1989 New Year Honours for his service as Deputy High Commissioner in Nigeria. On 26 June 1990, he was appointed Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (KCVO), therefore granted the title of Sir.
References
External links
Interview with Sir Richard Radford Best & transcript, British Diplomatic Oral History Programme, Churchill College, Cambridge, 1996
1933 births
2014 deaths
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Iceland
Knights Commander of the Royal Victorian Order
Alumni of University College London
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
People from Worthing
Tepeköy is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Seben District
Katherine Brooks (born March 15, 1976) is an American film writer and director. Brooks is a member of the Directors Guild of America, a Jury Member for Samsung Fresh-Films 2007—the largest teen filmmaking program in the USA, and is the recipient of the LACE Award for Arts and Entertainment. In 2011, she was named one of the "Amazing Gay Women and Amazing Gay Men in Showbiz" by POWER UP.
Career
Brooks has directed several television shows, as well as written and directed films. Her film and television credits include three seasons of the Emmy Award winning show The Osbournes, Newlyweds: Nick and Jessica, and MTV's groundbreaking The Real World. While associated with MTV, she helmed the network's There and Back, with Ashley Parker Angel and Tiffany Lynn, Meet the Barkers with Blink 182 drummer Travis Barker, and directed and produced The Simple Life starring Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie.
Brooks moved into directing feature films after making her short films Finding Kate and Dear Emily.
Brooks's first feature film, Loving Annabelle, which Brooks wrote and directed and stars Erin Kelly, Diane Gaidry and Kevin McCarthy, debuted at the prestigious Cinequest Film Festival in 2006; the film won the Audience Award and Best Actress Award at Outfest. In addition, Loving Annabelle won Best Feature Film at Melbourne Film Festival (2006), Barcelona Film Festival (2006) and Atlanta Film Festival (2006), and the Jury Award at Paris Cinema Festival (2006).
Brooks wrote her second feature, the indie thriller Waking Madison, in New Orleans, a film which stars Sarah Roemer (Disturbia), Elisabeth Shue, Will Patton, Frances Conroy, and Taryn Manning. The film explores the journey of a young woman suffering from multiple personality disorder. Her documentary Face 2 Face appeared in Netflix in 2013. Katherine was a Field Producer on the National Geographic show "Impact" produced by Gal Gadot.
Her last work is Lost in Time (2018), starring Jill Hennessy.
Personal life
Brooks is a spokesperson for PETA and a practicing Buddhist. Brooks lives in New Orleans, Louisiana.
Films
Finding Kate
In 2004, Erin Kelly and Brooks made an experimental short film called Finding Kate. The short film was part of a series called Virgin Memoirs, a compilation which narrated the "first time" experiences of women.
A young Erin Kelly (Loving Annabelle) plays 17-year-old Kate at a wedding reception. When she sees Victoria (Jessica Lancaster), she quickly drops her boyfriend's hand to go and talk to her cousin. The two flirt and end up in the pool together, their eyes dancing until they begin to kiss.
Dear Emily
"Sara is going to visit her high school friend Emily. On her journey there, she recalls her last experience with her teenage crush, remembering a letter that she wrote Emily—a letter confessing her love for her. Following a painful flashback to Emily's mocking of Sara after she reads the note, and recalling the hurt that Emily had caused her, as Sara finally reaches her destination at the finale of this short film, she decides to keep on driving." "Dear Emily" was funded by EVEO.com after Brooks won a pitch contest for her feature film, Loving Annabelle. Despite being given only 6 weeks from conception to completion, and just $1,000 to make it, the film, to date, has made back over 500% of its profit.
Loving Annabelle
Loving Annabelle is the controversial story of a Catholic boarding school teacher, Simone Bradley (Diane Gaidry), who has an affair with her female student, Annabelle (Erin Kelly).
The film was summed up by Variety magazine as a "Guilty Pleasure", and has won numerous awards on the festival circuit, including the Outfest Award for Best Actress, and the Outfest Award for the Audience Choice. The film sat in the top five list of videos rented by lesbians according to Wolfe Video's web site. It is recommended by 100% of readers on scene-OUT.com, and is ranked on the bestseller's list in its category on Amazon.
Waking Madison
Waking Madison is the provocative story of a young woman's battle with mental illness.
Madison Walker (Sarah Roemer) is suffering of dissociative identity disorder or multiple personality disorder. Living in New Orleans and working as a sex phone operator, Madison is doing everything she can to lead a normal life.
When a series of events leaves Madison suicidal and desperate, she locks herself away in her apartment for 30 days. Using a video camera to document herself like a visual journal, Madison clearly states on her first entry that if she does not have the answers to her questions and feels more at people with her life on the 30th day, she will kill herself.
With the help of Doctor Elizabeth Barnes (Elisabeth Shue), Madison begins to slowly piece her life together. Determined to find a cure for herself, Madison hostages herself in her apartment for 30 days and embarks on a journey to discover: what is real? The climactic twist at the end leaves audiences with the very same question. Brooks stated:
I'm intrigued by the challenge of telling a story from the perspective of a character suffering from multiple personality disorder. Visually, Madison will take on an innovative style of mixing narrative with documentary- realism.
As part of research for the topic, Brooks locked herself up for 30 days and underwent the same process as the character Madison. This helped Brooks to visually re-create her experiences from the trial, bringing the character and the story more to life. Waking Madison was shot on location in New Orleans in Winter 2007.
Face 2 Face
Brooks recently completed a documentary with the director doing a three-month summer trip around the country, meeting 50 of her Facebook friends who said yes when she posed the question as her status, "Who would like to spend a day with me and I'll come visit you". The idea was born after the director had a surgery, and despite having 4700 friends on Facebook, stated that she felt alone.
Filmography
Features
Lost In Time (2017)
The Boys Club (pre-production)
Face 2 Face (2012)
Waking Madison (2009)
Loving Annabelle (2006)
Surrender (2003)
Short films
Finding Kate (2004)
Dear Emily (2001)
Luna Butterflys (2000)
Outtakes (1998)
Television
There & Back: Ashley Parker Angel (TV series) (2006)
My Own (TV series) (2006)
Meet the Barkers (TV series) (2005)
Love is in the Heir (TV series) (2004)
He's a Lady (TV series) (2004)
Wanna Come In? (TV series) (2004)
The Simple Life 2: Road Trip (TV series) (2004)
Newlyweds: Nick & Jessica (TV series) (2003)
The Real World: San Diego (TV series) (2003)
The Osbournes (TV series) (2002)
The Complex (TV series) (2002)
Sexcetera (TV series) (1998)
See also
List of female film and television directors
List of lesbian filmmakers
List of LGBT-related films directed by women
References
External links
Katherine Brooks Interview
1976 births
Living people
American documentary film directors
American television directors
American women screenwriters
Lesbian artists
American lesbian writers
LGBT film directors
LGBT screenwriters
American women documentary filmmakers
American women television directors
Film directors from Louisiana
Screenwriters from Louisiana
LGBT people from Louisiana
People from Covington, Louisiana
Shorty Award winners
LGBT television directors
21st-century American women
Chameleon is the sixth album by the American singing trio Labelle. Though Patti LaBelle's autobiography Don't Block The Blessings revealed that LaBelle planned a follow-up to Chameleon entitled Shaman, the album never materialized. The trio would not release another new recording until 2008's Back to Now. The final album was moderately successful peaking at #94 at the Pop charts and #21 on the R&B charts. Only two singles made the charts which were "Get You Somebody New" which peaked at #50 on the Pop charts and their memorable song "Isn't It A Shame" which peaked at #18 on the R&B charts. "Isn't It A Shame" was later sampled by Nelly on his 2004 hit, "My Place", which featured Jaheim.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Nona Hendryx; except where indicated
"Get You Somebody New" (Joe Crane) (6:10)
"Come into My Life" (6:44)
"Isn't It a Shame" (Randy Edelman) (7:58)
"Who's Watching the Watcher?" (4:15)
"Chameleon" (5:15)
"Gypsy Moths" (5:00)
"A Man in a Trenchcoat (Voodoo)" (7:49)
"Going Down Makes Me Shiver" (7:07)
Personnel
Patti LaBelle, Nona Hendryx, Sarah Dash - vocals
James Ellison - piano, keyboards, synthesizer
David Rubinson, Tom Coster - synthesizer
Eddie Martinez, Ray Parker Jr., Wah Wah Watson - guitar
Carmine Rojas - bass guitar
James Gadson - drums, percussion
Scott Mathews - drums
José Chepitó Áreas, Leon Chancler - percussion
Emilio Castillo, Lenny Pickett - tenor saxophone
Stephen Kupka - baritone saxophone
Kurt McGettrick - bass saxophone
Fred Catero, David Rubinson - engineers
Basic song arrangements for Nona Hendryx material were: LaBelle, James "Budd" Ellison, Eddie Martinez and Rev. Batts
References
1976 albums
Labelle albums
Albums produced by Dave Rubinson
Albums produced by Vicki Wickham
Epic Records albums
Albums recorded at Wally Heider Studios
Lesbian Feminist Liberation was a lesbian rights advocacy organization in New York City formed in 1972.
Formation
Lesbian Feminist Liberation was originally the Lesbian Liberation Committee and a part of the Gay Activists Alliance (GAA). In 1972, when the members felt the GAA was not giving enough focus to lesbian and feminist issues, they left GAA and formed the Lesbian Feminist Liberation. The departure was coordinated by Jean O'Leary. The formation of Lesbian Feminist Liberation left the Radicalesbians (RL) group with few members. The Lesbian Liberation Committee, and initially the Lesbian Feminist Liberation as well, met at an old firehouse at 99 Wooster Street in SoHo, the location was known as "The Firehouse."
Activities
In 1973, Lesbian Feminist Liberation participated in the campaign to lobby the New York City Council to add sexual orientation to the city's anti-discrimination city ordinance.
Twenty-five members of the organization attended The Dick Cavett Show and disrupted his interview with George Gilder, an author the organization believed was anti-feminist and anti-lesbian.
The organization also organized a demonstration with 200 participants, and a large fake lavender colored dinosaur outside the National Museum of American History to protest sexism at the museum.
They picketed at a Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts movie theater that was showing Rainer Werner Fassbinder's The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant, which some feminists found offensive for its depiction of lesbian sadomasochism.
The organization opposed the performance by drag queens at the 1973 LGBT Pride March in New York City. As they passed out flyers, Sylvia Rivera, of Street Transvestite Action Revolutionaries, took the microphone from emcee Vito Russo and spoke against the sentiment and spoke of the harassment and arrests of drag queens on the street, some of whom had been involved with the Stonewall riots. Lesbian Feminist Liberation's Jean O'Leary then insisted on responding by denouncing drag as misogynist and criticizing the march for being too male-dominated. This prompted Lee Brewster of Queens Liberation Front to denounce anti-transgender lesbian feminists. The increasingly angry crowd only calmed when Bette Midler, who heard these events reported on the radio in her Greenwich Village apartment, arrived, took the microphone, and began singing "Friends". This was one of many events in early 1970s where lesbian and transgender activists clashed.
When NBC aired "Flowers of Evil", an episode of Police Woman about a trio of lesbians murdering nursing home residents for their money, the organization staged a zap at NBC's New York City headquarters on November 19, 1973. Ten women entered the building in pairs at 15-minute intervals, traveling by elevator to different floors before converging on the Standards and Practices offices. Advised that vice president Herminio Traviesas would not return to the office until the following week, demonstrators announced their intention to wait until he returned and occupied his office overnight. Around 75 women demonstrated in front of the building. The following morning half of the women left, along with the children of the lead protester. The remaining protesters unfurled a twenty foot long banner from the balcony of vice president Herminio Traviesas's office reading "LESBIANS PROTEST NBC". They and street-level picketers chanted slogans like "NBC works against lesbians" and "Lesbians are sitting in". The demonstrators hoped to attract both network news coverage and arrests. When they realized neither was forthcoming, they left the building. While the networks ignored the story, it was picked up by local media and the wire services. Ultimately, NBC agreed not to rerun the episode.
In 1974, the organization worked with New York Radical Feminists to increase the visibility of women at the New York City LGBT Pride March.
See also
Gay Activists Alliance
History of lesbianism in the United States
LGBT culture in New York City
References
External links
1972 establishments in New York City
Lesbian culture in New York (state)
Lesbian feminist organizations
Lesbian history in the United States
Lesbian organizations in the United States
LGBT political advocacy groups in New York (state)
Organizations based in New York City
Organizations established in 1972
Articles containing video clips
1972 in LGBT history
Lordomyrma vanua (named after its type locality Vanua Levu) is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
Lordomyrma vanua, with its heavily rugose head and mesosoma, is similar to L. rugosa, but can be distinguished by its smooth forecoxae, smooth propodeal declivity, smooth anteriodorsal region of the promesonotum, broader and more widely spaced rugae, and larger size. The other species with which L. vanua might be confused is L. striatella, from which it can be separated by its weaker antenna scrobe, broader and more widely spaced rugae, more well developed propodeal spines, more robust petiole and larger size.
Despite its morphological resemblance to L. rugosa, molecular phylogenetic analyses place L. vanua as a closer relative to species such as L. tortuosa, L. striatella and L. vuda. Thus far, L. vanua has been collected only twice, both times from the litter of Mt. Delaikoro on Vanua Levu.
References
Myrmicinae
Insects described in 2008
Sevastopolskaya () is a station on the Serpukhovsko-Timiryazevskaya line of the Moscow Metro. It was designed by N. I. Demchinsky, Yu. A. Kolesnikova, and Nina Alyoshina, and opened in 1983.
From this station, riders will be transfer to Kakhovskaya on the Bolshaya Koltsevaya line. Historically, this was the first interchange in the Moscow Metro outside of the Koltsevaya line.
References
Moscow Metro stations
Serpukhovsko-Timiryazevskaya Line
Railway stations located underground in Russia
{{Infobox comics story arc
|title = Annihilation: Conquest
|image = Conquest-6---Cover.jpg
|caption = Cover art for Annihilation: Conquest #6Art by Aleksi Briclot
|publisher = Marvel Comics
|startmo = August
|startyr = 2007
|endmo = June
|endyr = 2008
|multigenre = y
|SciFi = first
|Superhero = y
|Crossover = y
|titles =
|main_char_team = Guardians of the GalaxyAdam WarlockSuper-SkrullCaptain UniverseMantisHigh EvolutionaryRonanBlaastarPhalanxUltron
|writers =
|artists =
|pencillers =
|inkers =
|letterers =
|editors =
|colorists =
|TPB = Volume One
|ISBN = 0-7851-2782-8
|TPB1 = Volume Two
|ISBN1 = 0-7851-2716-X
|cat = Marvel Comics
|sortkey = Annihilation: Conquest
|self-titled = y
}}Annihilation: Conquest is a 2007–08 Marvel Comics crossover storyline and the sequel to 2006's "Annihilation". The series again focuses on Marvel's cosmic heroes defending the universe against the Phalanx, now led by Ultron. Nova returns once more in a title role, along with Quasar, Star-Lord, and a new character called Wraith.
Other characters featured were Ronan the Accuser, Moondragon, Super-Skrull, Gamora, Mantis and Rocket Raccoon. The series also saw the return of Adam Warlock to the Marvel Universe.
Publication history
The format mirrored that of its predecessor with one minor difference; instead of four four-issue mini-series preceding the six-issue main series, there were three. In place of the fourth, there were four issues of the ongoing series Nova.
Dan Abnett and Andy Lanning were given the task of overseeing the story; "We were approached by Andy Schmidt, who edited the first "Annihilation" storyline, and asked to pilot the next event, which Bill Rosemann is editing." They ended up writing the Prologue, the Nova series crossover and the main Annihilation: Conquest limited series.
The remaining mini-series by Christos Gage were focused on Quasar, Star-Lord by Keith Giffen and Wraith, by Javier Grillo-Marxuach.
Summary
The Prologue reveals that the Phalanx are the primary enemy after they use their technology as well as the devastation of the wake of the Annihilation Wave to take control of the Kree army.
The techno-organic Phalanx invaded the Kree Empire, using the Space Knights as pawns unwittingly brought to the Kree homeworld of Hala by the former Star-Lord, Peter Quill. Assimilating the majority of the population and encasing the Kree galaxy in a force field, the Phalanx conquered the Kree in a matter of weeks.
Soon afterward, a new warrior by the name of Wraith is captured by the Phalanx. Wraith is capable of easily defeating the Phalanx warriors by inflicting them with fear. Wraith expresses that he has no interest in fighting the Phalanx, but they proceed to attack him anyway. After being defeated, the Phalanx then dispatch Ronan the Accuser, who has been converted to their cause, to torture Wraith. Wraith manages to escape along with the Super-Skrull, and is guided by the spirit of his deceased father to find the man who murdered his family.
Under interrogation by Ronan, Wraith reveals his origin: the son of an exiled Kree scientist. As a young boy, Wraith was kidnapped by the extra-dimensional Nameless Ones after his parents were murdered and bonded with the soul-stealing, strength-enhancing symbiotic Exolon. Wraith eventually murders his captors and returns to Kree space seeking his family's killer.
Elsewhere, Nova has heard of the disturbance in Kree space. He comes to investigate only to discover that he is trapped within Kree space. As he attempts to leave, he is badly wounded, and the power within him is transferred to a new warrior. As he revives, he is visited by Gamora, who has also been infected with the Phalanx virus. She quickly converts Nova as well, leading to a battle between Richard Rider and the new Nova, during which Gamora apparently kills the new Nova.
With the help of the Worldmind, Nova breaks free of the Phalanx's control, throwing off his Select programming, though the virus that has caused it remains in his system. Fleeing from his captors, Nova collapses a dwarf star to slingshot him out of the Phalanx field around Kree space and into uncharted territory. Unbeknownst to Nova, he has been followed by Gamora and Drax, both still Phalanx Selects.
At the onset of the Phalanx invasion, Peter Quill is at ground zero. He manages to find cover and make it to a Kree prison in which he meets several warriors to team with including, Mantis and Captain Universe. He resumes his former persona, Star-Lord, and takes off to fight against the Phalanx. The group quickly loses two of their warriors in battle.
After discovering that the Phalanx plan to infect the Kree with an airborne techno-virus, Star-Lord and friends—including Groot, who survived an earlier skirmish only to return as a sprig—find themselves on the run. The Phalanx capture all but Mantis, who slips away, and Captain Universe, who had planned to sacrifice himself to save the others but turns out to be their last hope.
Meanwhile, Quasar (Phyla-Vell) has been on the outskirts of Kree-Space, aiding those still suffering from the devastation of the Annihilation Wave when she learns of the Phalanx invasion. Accompanied by Moondragon, she follows the commands of a mysterious voice which instructs her to find the "savior" of the Kree empire. During her quest, she battles the Super Adaptoid, learns how to control her new quantum bands, and discovers more about Moondragon's history before watching her transform into an actual Dragon of the Moon.
Quasar and the newly transformed Moondragon track the savior to the remote planet Morag IV, but are ambushed by the Super-Adaptoid. The heroes recover thanks to the locals, but discover the Adaptoid has already reached the savior and is attempting to assimilate them. After a brief fight, the Adaptoid unleashes a destructive force on the nearby town, forcing Quasar to choose the innocents over the savior at the cost of exhausting her Quantum Bands.
Quasar finds herself, Moondragon, and the grateful natives of Morag IV in pitched battle against not only the Super-Adaptoid, but a host of Phalanx bent on assimilating the savior of the Kree—the enigmatic Adam Warlock. Quasar and Moondragon ultimately defeat the Super-Adaptoid and, in the process, Quasar reabsorbs power into her quantum bands from the Super-Adaptoid that he had earlier absorbed. The mysterious voice guiding Quasar turns out to belong to the Kree Supreme Intelligence, who believed that Warlock would prove to be the Kree savior. Warlock was regenerating in a cocoon, but his regeneration was damaged by the Super-Adaptoid and the Phalanx. Moondragon and the Supreme Intelligence help Warlock re-emerge, but he is younger than expected (due to the prematurity of his re-emergence) and troubled, despite the mental work of Moondragon and the Supreme Intelligence to soothe him.
A Phalanx assimilated Xemnu, along with Shatterax and Korath, try to kill Moondragon, Quasar, and Adam. However, Adam Warlock whisks them away to where some miniature Kree are being held by the High Evolutionary. The Phalanx Technarchy's primary director is revealed to be Avengers villain Ultron. Ultron kills Korath and decides to involve himself in the battle personally.
Moondragon and Quasar seek to persuade the High Evolutionary to join them in their struggle against the Phalanx. Ultron finds them and apparently kills Moondragon. Ultron and Warlock prepare to battle. Blastaar, who was working against the Phalanx, appears to die. Star-Lord appears to have the plans for the Phalanx Babel Spire and plans to infiltrate it.
Traveling with the High Evolutionary is Quasar and Moondragon. Adam stands against Ultron. The High Evolutionary is ultimately captured by the Phalanx, and is forced to transfer Ultron's essence into Adam's body or be destroyed. The High Evolutionary performs the transfer, seemingly betraying and killing Adam in the process. However, the Evolutionary makes a few cryptic remarks to Ultron's former body once the transfer is complete, suggesting that there are layers of complexity to the situation that the Evolutionary is keeping to himself. Ultron awakes in Adam's body, unaware of these remarks and pleased with the results. Controlling Adam's abilities better than Adam could, Ultron gathered the Phalanx to end the resistance against him in the form of Star-Lord and his team. Then, he plans on controlling an army of Adam Warlocks to conquer Earth.
During this time, Star-Lord is captured and tortured by Ultron. Bug, Rocket Raccoon and Mantis concoct a plan that involves Groot growing inside the Babel Tower and destroying it from the inside out. Mantis uses her telepathic powers to increase his growing abilities and to ignite the flammable chemicals in his body when the time is right. This would result in his death, but Groot approves since he would die a hero, befitting his status. Rocket Raccoon takes a cutting of Groot to regrow the royal tree. The plan goes well, as Star-Lord is rescued, but the team must jump off the spire to survive. Groot uses the last of his life energy to grow a protrusion to catch them as they fall.
Mantis explains the loss of Groot and that Star-Lord would not have gone along with the plan if he knew three of his teammates would die. Star-Lord does not understand how three would die as only Gabe/Captain Universe and Groot have died (he doesn't count Deathcry as a member of the team). Mantis says she saw Ultron appearing and killing her at that moment. In Adam Warlock's body, Ultron does appear and cripples her with a blow to the head.
Outside the energy shield, a gathering of ships from the Badoon, Rigellians, Galadorian Spaceknights, Spartoi and remaining Kree constantly batter the shield with all their weaponry, failing to get through. Suddenly, Nova appears with Drax and Gamora (both free of the Phalanx) along with two members of the Technarchy, one being Warlock. The Technarchy begot the Phalanx and have come to set things right. They penetrate the shield and engage Ultron. Ultron easily outmaneuvers Nova but cannot defeat Warlock and the Technarchy. Warlock then infects Ultron with a slow-acting version of the Techno-Organic Virus, which causes Ultron to flee.
Ronan the Accuser leads 15,000 Kree Sentries to Hala to destroy all Phalanx and Phalanx-infected Kree on Hala. After seeing Nova, Phyla-Vell, Drax and Gamora standing up to the Phalanx, the fleet calls for the attack of Hala to be called off. Ronan refuses, and orders Praxagora to fire, but she refuses. Ultron has passed his essence into her and stuns Wraith so he can transfer his essence into the Sentries. As he is leaving Praxagora's body, he destabilizes her fusion core and kills her. This results in the ship carrying Ronan, Ra-venn and the Super-Skrull to be destroyed. Only Kl'rt's forcefields save them.
As he departs, the High Evolutionary reveals that Adam is still alive and will continue to lead the group. It turns out that he was stored in the gems on the Quantum Bands Phyla-Vell wore. She returns his soul to his body. Ultron takes control of the Kree altered Sentries and forms one giant Ultron form. Adam and Phyla-Vell stand against him, and Adam transfers all the souls of the Kree lost in the Conquest to the Quantum Bands, energizing them and reforging Phyla-Vell's sword. She dealt the death blow to Ultron, after Wraith had used his Exolons to trap Ultron in his current body so he can't leap to the next.
As Phyla-Vell mourned Moondragon's death, Adam came to her and expressed Star-Lord's plan to form a team to stand against galactic threats and prevent further catastrophes from happening.
Resistance
Sequels and spin-offs
The main characters in this story would go on to form the core of the new Guardians of the Galaxy, also written by Abnett/Lanning.
Collected editions
In other media
The 2014 Guardians of the Galaxy film took some inspiration from this event, as well as the ongoing Guardians of the Galaxy'' series that spun out of it.
References
External links
Annihilation Checklist at Marvel.com
George, Richard (February 24, 2007). "NYCC 07: Halo Rocks the House of Ideas". IGN.
Richards, Dave (April 20, 2007). "War Coverage: Rosemann & Artists talk 'Annihilation Conquest' covers". Comic Book Resources.
Review of Volume 1, Comics Bulletin
Comics by Christos Gage
Comics set on fictional planets
The Truth, Reconciliation and Reparations Commission (TRRC) is a truth commission in The Gambia to investigate the Yahya Jammeh era from 1994 to 2017. The process from the announcement of the commission to its launch lasted from 20 July 2017 to 15 October 2018. Its executive secretary is Baba Galleh Jallow, its lead counsel is Essa M. Faal, and the chairperson of the 11-strong commission is Lamin J. Sise.
History
Establishment
The process for founding the TRRC was led by the Attorney General, Ba Tambadou. At a press conference on 20 July 2017, Tambadou announced that a draft bill for the establishment of the TRRC had been shared with international experts for review. He also announced that a team, led by himself, would begin a public engagement tour on the bill in August, which lasted from 14 to 24 August. Tambadou then proceeded to table the bill before the National Assembly. On 13 December 2017, the Truth, Reconciliation and Reparations Commission (TRC) Act was passed, and it received presidential assent on 13 January 2018.
Barrow appointed academic Baba Galleh Jallow as Executive Secretary of the TRRC with effect from 1 February 2018. Also in February, a call was made for nominations to the TRRC. The job description specified that individuals should be of "high moral character and integrity," "no criminal record or involvement in past human rights violations," no political party activity, and residency in either the Greater Banjul Area or in the diaspora. In August 2018, Jallow appointed Alagie Barrow as the director of research and investigation for the commission. It was announced that the commission would begin proceedings on 15 October 2018. On 5 October, Abdoulie Janneh, who had previously been announced as the chairperson of the commissioners, stepped down from the role due to scheduling conflicts. Lamin J. Sise, a close confidante of the late UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan, was announced to replace him.
Launch
The commission was launched at Dunes Resort Hotel, Kotu Beach, Kololi, on 15 October. It was launched by President Adama Barrow and attended by senior figures including Mariam Jack-Denton, the Speaker of the National Assembly, Hassan Bubacar Jallow, the Chief Justice, and members of the diplomatic corps, the National Assembly, civil society, and international organisations. Barrow noted that the TRRC would be independent, and was the sixth truth commission launched in Africa in its history. Other speakers included Ba Tambadou, the Attorney General, Sherif Kijera of The Gambia Centre for Victims of Human Rights Violations, Fatou Bensouda, the current chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Mohamed Ibn Chambas, the UN Secretary-General's special representative for West Africa, and Miguel de Serpa Soares, the UN Under-Secretary-General for Legal Affairs. Baba Galleh Jallow delivered the vote of thanks.
Staff and commissioners
Staff
A number of job posting were advertised, starting in June 2018, at the commission. Five research assistants, nine investigators, and 20 statement takers were advertised for. A number of coordinator roles were also advertised for, including in victim support, community outreach, youth and children, and women's affairs.
Commissioners
This is the list of designated commissioners released to the media in August 2018, they are not yet confirmed.
References
Reconciliation
Truth and reconciliation commissions
2018 in the Gambia
2018 establishments in Africa
Songs from Call Me Claus is a reissue of Garth Brooks and the Magic of Christmas, the second Christmas album by American country music artist Garth Brooks, and was released on September 25, 2001. The songs exclusive to this release are "Call Me Claus," "Mary Had a Little Lamb," and "'Zat You, Santa Claus?".
Track listing
"Call Me Claus" (Garth Brooks, Lisa Sanderson, Jenny Yates) – 2:08
"It's the Most Wonderful Time of the Year" (Edward Pola, George Wyle) – 2:57
"Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas" (Ralph Blane, Hugh Martin) – 4:05
"Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow!" (Sammy Cahn, Jule Styne) – 2:07
"Winter Wonderland" (Felix Bernard, Dick Smith) – 3:34
"Mary Had a Little Lamb" (Larry Bastian, Gordon Kennedy, Wayne Kirkpatrick) – 3:00
"The Christmas Song" (Mel Tormé, Robert Wells) – 3:25
"Baby Jesus Is Born" (Randy Handley, Cam King) – 3:59
"Sleigh Ride" (Leroy Anderson, Mitchell Parish) – 3:27
"Silver Bells" (Ray Evans, Jay Livingston) – 3:35
"(There's No Place Like) Home For The Holidays" (Robert Allen, Al Stillman) – 2:19
"'Zat You, Santa Claus?" (Jack Fox) – 2:33
"The Wise Man's Journey" [instrumental] (Bobby Wood) – 1:28
"O Little Town of Bethlehem" (Phillips Brooks, Lewis H. Redner) – 3:00
Chart performance
Songs from Call Me Claus peaked at 99 on the U.S. Billboard 200, and peaked at #8 on Top Country Albums.
Charts
Singles
Personnel
Garth Brooks - lead vocals
Mark Casstevens - acoustic guitar
Chris Leuzinger - electric guitar
The Nashville String Machine - strings
Jeff Bailey, Ernie Collins, Mark Douthit, Chris Dunn, Robert Green, Michael Haynes, Don *Jackson, Sam Levine, Chris McDonald, Douglas Moffet, Steve Patrick, Denis Solee, George Tidwell - horns
Blair Masters - Hammond B-3 organ
Bobby Wood - keyboards
Mike Chapman - bass guitar
Milton Sledge - drums
Sam Bacco - percussion
References and external links
Garth Brooks albums
2001 Christmas albums
Christmas albums by American artists
Albums produced by Allen Reynolds
Capitol Records Christmas albums
Reissue albums
Country Christmas albums
Highway 10 is an Iraqi highway which extends from Al Rutbah to the Jordan frontier.
Roads in Iraq
The climate of Serbia is between a continental climate in the north, with cold dry winters, and warm, humid summers with well distributed rainfall patterns, and a more Mediterranean climate in the south with hot, dry summers and autumns and average relatively cool and more rainy winters with heavy mountain snowfall. Differences in elevation, proximity to the Adriatic Sea and Aegean Sea and large river basins, as well as exposure to the winds account for climate differences.
Most of Northern Serbia possesses a typical continental climate, with air masses from northern and western Europe which shape its climatic profile. South and South-east of Serbia is subject to strong Mediterranean influences (hotter summers and milder winters). However, the Dinaric Alps and other mountain ranges contribute to the cooling down a large part of the warm air masses. Winters are quite harsh in Raška (region) because of the mountains which encircle the plateau. One of the climatic features of Serbia is Košava, a cold and very squally southeastern wind which starts in the Carpathian Mountains and follows the Danube northwest through the Iron Gate where it gains a jet effect and continues to Belgrade and can spread as far south as Niš. Mediterranean micro-regions exist throughout southern Serbia, in Zlatibor and the Pčinja District around valley and river Pčinja.
The average annual air temperature for the period 1981–2017 for the area with an altitude of up to is . The areas with an altitude of have an average annual temperature of around , and over of altitude around .
Extreme weather and records
Serbia is one of few European countries with a very high risk exposure to natural hazards (earthquakes, storms, floods and droughts). It is estimated that potential floods, particularly in areas of Central Serbia, threaten over 500 larger settlements and an area of 16,000 square kilometres. The most disastrous were the floods in May 2014, when 57 people died and a damage of over 1.5 billion euros was inflicted.
The lowest recorded temperature in Serbia was (January 26, 2006, Karajukića Bunari in Pešter), and the highest was (July 24, 2007, Leskovac).
Examples
References
Serbia
Paiwarria is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are found in the Neotropical realm.
Species
Paiwarria antinous (C. & R. Felder, [1865])
Paiwarria aphaca (Hewitson, 1867)
Paiwarria chuchuvia Hall & Willmott, 2005
Paiwarria episcopalis (Fassl, 1912)
Paiwarria telemus (Cramer, [1775])
Paiwarria umbratus (Geyer, 1837)
Paiwarria venulius (Cramer, [1779])
External links
"Paiwarria Kaye, 1904" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
Chazablanca is the third solo studio album by the English singer and multi-instrumentalist Chaz Jankel. It was originally released in 1983, on the label A&M.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits are adapted from the album's liner notes.
Chas Jankel – lead and background vocals; guitar; keyboards; percussion
Jamie Lane – drums; synthesizer
Kendal Stubbs – bass guitar; percussion
Neil Richmond – synthesizer programming
Janie Romer – backing vocals
Laura Weymouth – backing vocals
Production team
Philip Bagenal – engineer; mixing
Steven Stanley – engineer
Chaz Jankel – mixing
Mark Sayer-Wade – mixing
Paul Etienne – mixing
Aaron Chakraverty – mastering
Richard Haughton – photography
Peter Saville – typography
See also
List of albums released in 1983
References
External links
1983 albums
A&M Records albums
Chaz Jankel albums
Daddy's Gone A-Hunting is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by Frank Borzage based upon a play by Zoë Akins, with adaptation by Kenneth B. Clarke. The film brought together Vitagraph leading lady Alice Joyce and English actor Percy Marmont after his success with If Winter Comes. This is the only film either of the main stars made for MGM. The film was remade in 1931 as Women Love Once. A print survives in the Národní filmový archiv.
Plot
Julian (Percy Marmont) is a poor artist who lives with wife Edith (Alice Joyce) and their newborn baby in Harlem. Struggling to make ends meet, he foregoes his artistic calling and draws for magazines.
Reaching his limits, Julian convinces his wife he could reach higher grounds if he were to go to Paris. He moves to Paris while his Edith works at a shop on Fifth Avenue. Each of their lives evolves differently — Edith is courted by a wealthy suitor whom she ignores while pining for her husband, while Julian fails to meet his goals in Paris, returning defeated back to New York City three years later. Their child dies, and the meeting of Julian and Edith highlight how different their routes have been.
Cast
References
External links
Article at the Silent Film Still Archive
Still at silentfilmstillarchive.com
(German intertitles)
1925 films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
American silent feature films
1925 drama films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Frank Borzage
Silent American drama films
1920s American films
Tipsport Arena may refer to:
Tipsport Arena (Prague), located in Prague, Czech Republic, home to HC Sparta Praha ice hockey team
Tipsport Arena (Liberec), located in Liberec, Czech Republic, home to HC Bílí Tygři Liberec ice hockey team
is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Jiro Taniguchi. The manga revolves around an artist visiting the Louvre for five days and learning about artists whose works are there and figures who were part of its history. Commissioned by the Louvre, Taniguchi worked on the manga after spending a month in the museum in May 2013. The manga was serialized in Shogakukan's manga magazine Big Comic Original in late 2014 and collected into a published on February 20, 2015. The Louvre and Futuropolis published the manga in France on November 21, 2014. The manga was licensed in North America by NBM Publishing, which published the manga on May 13, 2016.
Plot
After a comics festival in Barcelona, a Japanese artist visits Paris, but falls sick. After feeling a little better, he visits the Louvre. When he feels dizzy, he is transported to what is described as the "space-time of [his] reveries" by a guardian of the Louvre. The guardians are the souls of each piece of art, with the guardian he meets being of the Winged Victory of Samothrace. On his second day at the Louvre, he looks at the paintings of Jean-Baptiste-Camille Corot. While looking at Recollection of Mortefontaine, he meets Asai Chū, who had worked on introducing Western-style art to Japan. He is then transported to an art gallery in Ueno which is exhibiting Chū's works posthumously and hears the writer Natsume Sōseki speaking of Chū's work. Transported into another Corot drawing, he meets Chū again and they glance upon Corot working on that drawing. On Sunday, the man travels to Auvers-sur-Oise, the final resting place of Vincent van Gogh. Going behind the church of Auvers, he meets van Gogh, who lets him visit his apartment and see his paintings. Back in the present, he visits Charles-François Daubigny's house and finally, van Gogh's grave. A few days later, on a Tuesday when the Louvre is closed, he is transported to Paris in 1939 during the evacuation of the museum at the start of World War II. The man learns about the difficult process, which was led by Jacques Jaujard, including the transport of the Mona Lisa, The Raft of the Medusa, and the Winged Victory of Samothrace. On his final day in Paris, the man visits the tomb of Philippe Pot, and reunites with his own dead wife Keiko.
Release
The Louvre commissioned Taniguchi to create the manga as part of The Louvre Collection, which features various comics artists' works on the museum, and he spent a month at the museum in May 2013. The manga was serialized in Shogakukan's manga magazine starting with the 19th issue, and the collected was published on February 20, 2015, with a luxury edition in full color. The manga was published in France by the Louvre in collaboration with Futuropolis on November 21, 2014. The manga was translated into English by NBM Publishing, which listed it in October 2015, and published the manga on May 13, 2016. The manga is also licensed in Germany by Carlsen, in Italy by Rizzoli Lizard, and in Spain by Ponent Mon.
Reception
Response to the manga has been mixed, with praise going towards its art and mood, but the plot being criticized. Hans Rollman of PopMatters said that Guardians of the Louvre "demonstrates that contemporary manga artists can hold their own against the greatest in the pantheon of western art", commending its artwork and atmosphere, while describing the plot as minimal. Publishers Weekly called the manga "coolly and resplendently drawn, if rather indifferently written". Katherine Dacey of MangaBlog was critical of the manga's "middlebrow sensibility" and attempt to dictate how art should be appreciated, but commended its sensual imagery. Summer Hayes of Booklist liked the use of color in the manga to "heighten emotion, create distance, and echo artistic styles", concluding that while the story has seams, the manga is a "voyeuristic trip" showing the relationship between art and life.
Guardians of the Louvre was part of the selection for the (2015 Fnac Comics Prize). At "The Best and Worst Manga of 2016" panel of Comic-Con International, the manga was part of the list of "Worst Manga for Anyone, Any Age".
References
2014 manga
Art in anime and manga
Comics set in Paris
Jiro Taniguchi
Louvre
NBM Publishing titles
Seinen manga
Shogakukan manga
Sir James Patrick O'Collins (31 March 1892 − 25 November 1983), an Australian suffragan bishop, was the fifth Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ballarat, serving for over 29 years.
Born in , Victoria, O'Collins was ordained as a priest on 23 December 1922. He was appointed as bishop of Geraldton in Western Australia on 11 February 1930. On 23 December 1941 he was appointed as bishop of Ballarat and returned to Victoria. O'Collins retired on 1 May 1971 and was appointed as Bishop Emeritus of Ballarat.
He was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE) in 1980 for services to religion and the community.
The Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse found that O'Collins had received a complaint in the 1960s that Father Gerald Ridsdale had sexually abused a boy but did not take action.
See also
Roman Catholic Church in Australia
References
1892 births
1983 deaths
People from Melbourne
Australian people of Irish descent
Roman Catholic bishops of Ballarat
Australian Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Catholic Church sexual abuse scandals in Australia
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Australia
Ecclesiastical passivity to Catholic sexual abuse cases
Roman Catholic bishops of Geraldton
Ilkley Toy Museum in Ilkley, West Yorkshire, houses a private collection of toys dating from 350 BC to modern times, and is open to the public, schools, and groups.
Galleries
Ground floor dolls' houses gallery
At the back is a 1940s English working model fairground automaton, which goes into action when one purchases a token and puts it in the slot placed under the window. See it working here.
There is also a Hornby clockwork train lift.
In this gallery is a large display of furnished dolls' houses, mainly Victorian, and mainly from Germany and England. They include Stafford House (1830)
(see image),
possibly named after Lancaster House, which was then a topical subject, being still in the process of building. There is an unusual dolls' house of Georgian appearance, with great, twisted pillars at the front, and Georgian furnishings and figures.
Some of these dolls' houses are miniature shop displays, with minuscule and delicate objects on counters and shelves. There is thin glassware; there are miniature dolls; there is a tiny shopkeeper with little steel needles, holding real knitting. Tiny modern pieces of delicate crochet or tatting hang in some of these little shops as cloths and bags. The display includes a pet shop
(see image)
and butcher's shop
(see image).
First floor toys gallery
Here are tin plate toys
(see image)
and lead figures; games; wooden and paper toys in drawers.
Some are Victorian, and some date from the 1950s. There are boys' dolls made to look like Bond villains, toy soldiers and 1960s toy cars
(see image).
In a central glass case is an Elastolin Wild West display,
in which a wagon and horses careers along under its furious driver, while the passenger leans far out with his gun. Muscular Native Americans in full headdress gallop swiftly around on their pintos. There is much movement in this little display. The original models for these casts were made with skill, and with an eye for drama which is difficult to capture in a
photograph.
Among other items against the window wall is the flat-metal flotilla of Victorian or earlier warships and boats, set at adult eye-level on a glass shelf. The metal appears to glitter, and the tiny display gives a hint of what it must have been like to view a great fleet in the old days.
First floor dolls gallery
The oldest exhibit is the 350 BCE
articulated Etruscan ceramic doll
(see image). There is a display of early English wooden dolls, including Miss Barwick,
dated ca.1750-1760. She was owned by the Barwick family of West Yeadon, and has a sedan chair with brocade furnishings embossed with a "B". Her face is sculpted with gesso on wood, her eyes are enamelled and her wig is made of real hair
(see image).
There is Blanche, the Steiff 1910 teddy bear, with her wartime history. She featured in the TV series Trainer, and appears in The Century of the Teddy Bear by Constance King
(see image).
There is also a Farnell teddy bear of 1920 - a type perhaps more common in England before World War II. The Farnell bears had a hump at the back of the neck, and a lead-weighted tilt growler sewn into the back of the body. As you tipped your bear forward, it emitted a deep growling sound.
References
External links
Ilkley Toy Museum website
www.visitbradford.com: directions to Ilkley Toy Museum by road.
Image of policeman teddy by Museum door.
Yell.com: send-to-mobile facility for directions to the Museum.
YouTube: walking toy elephant at Ilkley Toy Museum video)
Youtube: working fairground at Ilkley Toy Museum video)
Toy museums in England
Museums in the City of Bradford
Museums established in 2002
Museums in West Yorkshire
Ilkley
2002 establishments in England
Bataw () is a leavened flatbread from Egypt. It is widely consumed in the Egyptian countryside. The main ingredients of the bread vary depending on the region.
Variations
In Asyut it is often made with barley, corn, or a mixture of barley and wheat. In Akhmim it is commonly made with corn and fenugreek, whereas in Qena, further south in Upper Egypt, it is exclusively made with barley.
Preparation
Ball-shaped lumps of dough are placed in an oven, traditionally with a wooden ladle with a long handle referred to as maghrafa (), and then flattened with the bottom side of it. The loaf is removed when it turns brown and crusty.
Consumption
In the countryside farmers often eat it with various types of soft white cheeses as a light meal between breakfast and dinner.
See also
Egyptian cuisine
References
Arab cuisine
Egyptian breads
New York Calling is an album by alto saxophonist Jackie McLean and the Cosmic Brotherhood recorded in 1974 and released on the SteepleChase label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Jim Todd stated "Jackie McLean's band on New York Calling, the Cosmic Brotherhood, plays with uncompromising passion, fury, and intelligence. The group, a generation younger than the leader, has a sound that is definitive '70s advanced hard bop. ...It's to McLean's credit that the date bears the stamp of his band's artistry as much as it does his own".
Track listing
All compositions by Billy Skinner except as indicated
"New York Calling" - 10:14
"Star Dancer" - 12:25
"Camel Driver" (Billy Gault) - 8:53
"Some Other Time" (Gault) - 8:03
"Adrians Dance" - 8:52
"New York Calling" [Take 3] - 10:50 Bonus track on CD reissue
Personnel
Jackie McLean – alto saxophone
Billy Skinner – trumpet, arranger
René McLean – soprano saxophone, alto saxophone, tenor saxophone, and bass clarinet
Billy Gault – piano, arranger
James Benjamin – bass
Michael Carvin – drums
References
SteepleChase Records albums
Jackie McLean albums
1974 albums
The Chapel of Saint Helena is a 12th-century Armenian church in the lower level of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem, constructed during the Kingdom of Jerusalem. The Armenians call it the Chapel of St. Gregory the Illuminator, after the saint who brought Christianity to the Armenians.
Description
In the southeast of the chapel there is a chair which was reputed to be a seat that was sat in by Helena, the mother of the Emperor Constantine when she was looking for the True Cross. There are two apses in the church, one dedicated to Saint Helena and one to the penitent thief on the cross.
History
2nd- and 4th-century remains
During 1973–1978 restoration works and excavations were made in the Church of the Holy Sepulchre. To the east of the Chapel of St. Helena, the excavators discovered a void containing a 2nd-century drawing of a Roman ship, two low walls which supported the platform of Hadrian's 2nd-century temple, and a higher 4th century wall built to support Constantine's basilica; the Armenian authorities have recently converted this archaeological space into the Chapel of Saint Vartan, and created an artificial walkway over the quarry on the north of the chapel, so that the new chapel could be accessed (by permission) from the Chapel of St. Helena.
12th-century construction
The chronicler William of Tyre reports on the renovation of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in the mid-12th century. The Crusaders investigated the eastern ruins on the site, occasionally excavating through the rubble, and while attempting to reach the cistern where the True Cross was believed to have been found, they discovered part of the original ground level of Hadrian's temple enclosure; they decided to transform this space into a chapel dedicated to Helena, widening their original excavation tunnel into a proper staircase.
20th-century decoration
The large decorative floor mosaic is made by the 20th-century Israeli artist Hava Yofe. Part of it depicts churches in historical Armenia. Despite the images being obviously modern in their representational style, some guides tell visitors the mosaic is antique.
In 2017–2019, the chapel underwent renovations which include a new white marble altar railing and new tile flooring.
Gallery
See also
Church of the Holy Sepulchre
Christianity in Israel
References
Footnotes
Citations
12th-century churches
Oriental Orthodox congregations established in the 12th century
12th-century establishments in the Kingdom of Jerusalem
Armenian Apostolic churches in Jerusalem
Chapels in Jerusalem
Church of the Holy Sepulchre
Mikhail Borisovich Dobriyan (; 26 June 1947 – 16 November 2013) was a Russian aerospace engineer and a former director of the Space Research Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences in Tarusa. He was one of the leading figures in the programs of the International Astrophysical Observatory GRANAT and Vega program. Mikhail Dobriyan was a head of Tarussky District and an honorary citizen of the city of Tarusa. There is a street named to honor of Michail B. Dobriyan and a Memorial dedicated to his memory.,,.
Other awards
Order of Lenin
Order of the Red Banner of Labour
Order "For Merit to the Fatherland" II class
Medal of Sergey Korolev
Medal "For Battle Merit"
References
1947 births
2013 deaths
Lenin Prize winners
Soviet aerospace engineers
20th-century Russian engineers
Soviet space program personnel
Rocket scientists
Russian aerospace engineers
Chesnais is a French surname. Notable people with the surname include:
François Chesnais, French economist and scholar
Loïg Chesnais-Girard (born 1977), French politician
Patrick Chesnais (born 1947), French actor, director, and screenwriter
French-language surnames
The Denial is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by Hobart Henley. The film stars Claire Windsor, Bert Roach, William Haines, Lucille Ricksen, and Robert Agnew. The film was written by Agnes Christine Johnston based on the play The Square Peg by Lewis Beach.
Lucille Ricksen died of tuberculosis the same month this film was released.
Plot
As described in a film magazine review, a Mother tries to direct the affections of her daughter as she sees fit. When her daughter rebels, she realizes how such domination spoiled her own life and she allows her daughter to marry the man of her choice, a young officer. The Mother's similar history from years past is presented in flashbacks.
Cast
Preservation
A partial print of The Denial is in the collection of George Eastman House.
References
External links
Stills, lobby cards, and advertisements from The Denial at the Claire Windsor website
1925 films
1925 drama films
Silent American drama films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Hobart Henley
Lost American films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
1925 lost films
Lost drama films
1920s American films
Class 350 may refer to:
British Rail Class 350, a class of electric multiple-unit passenger trains built by Siemens
Renfe Class 350, a series of single-cabin diesel locomotives in Spain built in the U.S. by the American Car and Foundry company
Talgo 350, a Spanish high-speed train
South Australian Railways 350 class, two diesel-electric locomotives built by the Islington Railway Workshops
In cnidarian anatomy, acontias (singular acontia) are threadlike tissues, composed largely of stinging cells located in the coelenteron of certain sea anemones. They are thrown out of the mouth or special pores when irritated.
References
Cnidarian biology
John Kerr (1830 – 3 May 1898) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from Nelson, New Zealand.
As well as Lake Station (including Lake Rotoiti and Pourangahau / Mount Robert), Kerr also owned the Tarndale Run and around the Wairau River before entering into a business partnership with Molesworth Station owner Acton Adams. Kerr commissioned cob builder Ned James to build Tarndale homestead in 1874.
Biography
Kerr was born in 1830 in the south of Scotland. His father's name was also John Kerr. The family emigrated to New Zealand in 1842 on the Fifeshire and settled in Waimea West. Early in his life, he was engaged in whaling in the Tory Channel / Kura Te Au. He was a butcher in Nelson before he started sheep farming at Lake Station.
Following the resignation from Parliament of Joseph Shephard, who had been appointed to the Legislative Council, a Waimea by-election was held on 3 June 1885. It was contested by six candidates: Kerr (253 votes), W. N. Franklyn (250 votes), William White (94 votes), Christian Dencker (91 votes), William Wastney (59 votes) and Jesse Piper (32 votes). Kerr was thus elected.
Kerr represented the Waimea electorate until 1887, and then the Motueka electorate from 1887 to 1890. In the 1890 general election, he contested the Nelson electorate and was narrowly defeated by Joseph Harkness. The 1893 general election was contested by four candidates in Nelson: John Graham (1289 votes – elected), Richmond Hursthouse (1011 votes), Kerr (910 votes) and William Lock (74 votes).
Kerr drowned in Lake Rotoiti in 1898. His grandson, the solicitor John Robert Kerr, unsuccessfully contested the Nelson electorate in the 1938 general election.
References
|-
1830 births
1898 deaths
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
Deaths by drowning in New Zealand
Accidental deaths in New Zealand
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1890 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1884 New Zealand general election
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1893 New Zealand general election
Apotoforma mayumbeana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae that is endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The wingspan is about . The ground colour of the forewings is cream with slight brownish admixture, brownish strigulae and brown dots. The base of the costa is grey. The hindwings are pale brownish.
Etymology
The species name refers to the type locality.
References
External links
Moths described in 2012
Tortricini
Insects of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Moths of Africa
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Endemic fauna of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Hansengross is an independent fashion label started in 2006. The company is based in New York City and is known for its socially responsible, locally produced bags for men, women, and travel.
History and collections
Hansengross believes their bags are a juxtaposition of artwork and luxury goods, that is why they produce each line in limited editions. The bag designs are minimalist and structural while still fluid.
The company has been mentioned for its fusion of underground avant-garde and traditional craftsmanship, and featured on the cover of Women's Wear Daily and in New York fashion magazines like Nylon. Other magazines and websites have referred to Hansengross as an "upcoming brand," "keep an eye out," and "the 'it' bag that doesn't know it yet" since their premier 2006 collection.
References
High fashion brands
Companies based in New York City
Clothing companies established in 2006
Oroshori (also known as Roshorvi) is a dialect of Shughni, a Pamiri language spoken in the Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Region in Tajikistan as well as 267 speakers in Afghanistan's Badakhshan Province. It is similar to other dialects of Shughni such as Rushani and Bartangi. Oroshori contains many loanwords from Sarikoli as well as Kyrgyz.
References
Eastern Iranian languages
Badakhshan Province
Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Region
Environmentally Endangered Lands abbreviated as EEL is a land conservation program in Brevard County, Florida. Established in 1990, the program is funded by voter approved tax dollars. It is intended to conserve natural habitats and environmentally sensitive lands for "conservation, passive recreation, and environmental education". In 2004 a second referendum for land via a willing seller program was also passed. The program leverages its funding with partners from federal, state and local agencies. The lands are then "managed to preserve native habitats and the plants and animals that live there."
In 2011 the Natural Areas Association (NAA) awarded the Environmentally Endangered Lands program with the Carl N. Becker Stewardship Award. The award recognizes "excellence and achievement in managing the natural resources of reserves, parks, wilderness, and other protected areas".
The Thousand Islands in Cocoa Beach were one area considered for acquisition in 2008. In 2011 the funding setup was set to expire. The Barrier Island Center is part of the program.
See also
Environmentally Endangered Lands Programs
References
Brevard County, Florida
Nature conservation in the United States
Noel Desmond Daly (10 February 1929 − 14 January 2004) was an Australian Catholic bishop.
Ordained to the priesthood on 27 July 1952, Daly was named bishop of the Diocese of Sandhurst, Australia in 1979 and resigned in 2000.
References
1929 births
2004 deaths
People from Victoria (Australia)
Roman Catholic bishops of Sandhurst
Knights Commander of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Australia
The 2007 Short Track Speed Skating World Cup was a multi-race tournament over a season for short track speed skating. The season began on 20 October 2006 and ended on 11 February 2007. The World Cup was organised by the ISU who also ran world cups and championships in speed skating and figure skating.
Calendar
Men
Women
References
ISU Short Track Speed Skating World Cup
Short Track Speed Skating World Cup
World Cup
Torkel Andreas Trønnes (17 March 1925 - 4 October 2011) was a Norwegian automobile advocate.
In his younger days he was a rally driver, among others participating in the three times. He spent thirty years of his professional career as a technical director in Kongelig Norsk Automobilklub. He also wrote in their member magazine Motorliv. He later worked two decades in the men's magazine Vi Menn. He also became known for an attempt to petition politicians, in the campaign "Nei til høyere Bensinpriser" ('No to Higher Gas Prices'). The petition was signed by 370,000. He was also involved in the Norwegian Motor Trade Association and Trygg Trafikk.
He resides in Koppang.
References
1925 births
2011 deaths
Norwegian rally drivers
Norwegian journalists
People from Stor-Elvdal
James Griswold Merrill (c. 1840–1920) was an American Congregational minister and university administrator. He was the second president of Fisk University, a historically black university in Nashville, Tennessee, from 1901 to 1908.
Early life
James Griswold Merrill was born in Montague, Massachusetts. He graduated from Phillips Academy, Andover, and Amherst College. He subsequently attended the Princeton Theological Seminary from 1863 to 1864, and graduated from the Andover Theological Seminary in 1866.
Career
Merrill was a Congregational minister in Iowa, Kansas, St. Louis, Missouri, Portland, Maine and Somerset, Massachusetts. He retired as minister after serving in Lake Helen, Florida from 1912 to 1917. In Portland, Maine from 1894 to 1899, he was also the editor of The Christian Mirror.
Merrill was the acting president of Fisk University, a historically black university in Nashville, Tennessee, from 1899 to 1901, and its second president from 1901 to 1908. An article in The Nashville Globe noted that he spent most of his time fundraising away from Nashville. It also explained, "Dr. Merrill's interest in the education of the Negro springs not from a love of the Negro as a Negro, but from the love of the Negro as one of God's children; and this is simple Christianity."
Personal life and death
Merrill married Louisa W. Boutwell. He died on December 22, 1920, in Mountain Lakes, New Jersey. He was buried in Andover, Massachusetts.
Selected works
References
1920 deaths
People from Montague, Massachusetts
Amherst College alumni
Princeton Theological Seminary alumni
Presidents of Fisk University
American Congregationalist ministers
19th-century Congregationalist ministers
20th-century Congregationalist ministers
20th-century American clergy
19th-century American clergy
1840s births
The First Battle of Katwa occurred between Bengal Subah and Maratha Empire in 1742. The Marathas initially attacked and captured Katwa and Hooghly in Bengal. The Nawab of Bengal Alivardi Khan, using conscripted tribal and peasant levies from Birbhum, responded with a direct attack on the Maratha camp at Katwa from the rear in nightfall and the entire Maratha army was evacuated out of Bengal on 17 September 1742, believing a much larger force had charged them. The Maratha commander Bhaskar Pandit was killed during the attack on the camp.
See also
Battle of Burdwan
Maratha invasions of Bengal
Second Battle of Katwa
References
Katwa 1742
Katwa
1742 in India
Katwa
Freedom Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 2,727 people in the township, 1,356 of whom lived in the unincorporated portions of the township.
Geography
Located in the eastern part of the county, it borders the following townships:
Troy Township - north
Woodville Township, Sandusky County - northeast
Madison Township, Sandusky County - east
Scott Township, Sandusky County - southeast corner
Montgomery Township - south
Portage Township - southwest corner
Center Township - west
Webster Township - northwest
The village of Pemberville is located in northern Freedom Township.
Name and history
Freedom Township was established in 1831. The township was named for the American ideal of liberty. Statewide, other Freedom Townships are located in Henry and Portage counties.
Government
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees is filled by the remaining trustees.
The Freedom Township House is located in Pemberville at the intersection of State Route 105 and Water Street.
References
External links
County website
Townships in Wood County, Ohio
Townships in Ohio
Kyauktaga Township (Burmese: ကျောက်တံခါးမြို့နယ်, MLCTS: kyauk.ti.hkaa.mrui.nay)is a township in Bago District in the Bago Region of Burma (Myanmar). The principal town is Kyauktaga, and Penwegon is the other major town. Both are located on the Bago–Taungoo highway and rail line.
Communities
Kyauktaga Township is subdivided into 13 wards and 47 Village Tracts which consist of 283 villages.
Notable resident
Bo Hmu Aung (1910-2004), a member of the Thirty Comrades
Notes
External links
"Kyauktaga Google Satellite Map" Maplandia World Gazetteer
"Kyaukdaga Township" at MRTV3
Townships of the Bago Region
Taungoo District
Canada Country is a chart published weekly by Billboard magazine.
This 50-position chart lists the most popular country music songs, calculated weekly by airplay on 46 country music stations across the country as monitored by Nielsen BDS. Songs are ranked by total plays. As with most other Billboard charts, the Canada Country chart features a rule for when a song enters recurrent rotation. A song is declared recurrent if it has been on the chart longer than 30 weeks and is lower than number 20 in rank.
These are the Canadian number-one country singles of 2019, per the BDS Canada Country Airplay chart. A Canadian flag denotes a Canadian artist.
See also
2019 in country music
List of number-one country singles of 2019 (U.S.)
References
External links
Current Billboard Canada Country chart
Lists of number-one country songs in Canada
2019 in Canadian music
Canada
Yves Velan, (29 August 1925 in Saint-Quentin, Aisne – 6 May 2017) was a Swiss writer from Bassins.
Biography
He studied literature at Lausanne, where he joined the Society of Belles Lettres, and worked two years as a reader at the University of Florence. In 1950 he was one of the founders the leftist co-operative publishing house, Éditions Rencontre which published the literary magazine La revue Rencontre.
A communist, he was a member of the Swiss Party of Labour from the end of the war until 1957. He was forbidden to work and was excluded from teaching in the Canton of Vaud. He then moved to La Chaux-de-Fonds, Canton of Neuchâtel where he taught literature at the gymnasium until his retirement in 1991. In the late sixties he temporarily left the Neuchâtel Jura for a long stay in the United States where he taught French literature at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign.
His first novel Je was published in 1959 in Paris. He also published two novels, La Statue de Condillac retouchée (1973), Soft Goulag (1977) and an essay, Contre-pouvoir, where he questions culture and its requirements. In addition to these books, there are numerous publications in reviews, a "essay-poem", Onir (1974), a tale, Le Chat muche (1986). Moreover, during the years 1950 to 1980, he had an important activity of criticism published in France, the United States and French-speaking Switzerland.
Yves Velan received the Grand Prix C. F. Ramuz and the literature prize of the canton of Neuchâtel for his work.
Velan died on 6 May 2017.
Publications
1959: Je, Éditions du Seuil
1973: La Statue de Condillac retouchée, Seuil
1974: Onir, in Écriture 9, éditions Bertil Galland, Vevey
1977: Soft Goulag, éditions Bertil Galland, Vevey
Bibliography
Pascal Antonietti, Yves Velan, New York/Amsterdam, Rodopi, 2005
References
Sources
Écrivain vaudois
A contre temps, huitante textes vaudois de 1980 à 1380, p. 37
Hadrien Buclin, Entre culture du consensus et critique sociale. Les intellectuels de gauche dans la Suisse de l'après-guerre (1945-1968), Thèse de doctorat, Université de Lausanne, 2015.
Alain Nicollier, Henri-Charles Dahlem, Dictionnaire des écrivains suisses d'expression française, vol. 2, p. 874-877
Histoire de la littérature en Suisse romande, under the dir. de R. Francillon, vol. 3, p. 445-456
La Revue de Belles-Lettres, 1992, no 3-4 La machine Velan devoted to Yves Velan
External links
Je, par Yves Vélan
A D S - Autorinnen und Autoren der Schweiz - Autrices et Auteurs de Suisse - Autrici ed Autori della Svizzera
CULTURE :: Lire encore Yves Velan
Portrait d'Yves Velan
Yves Velan : Blogres, le blog d'écrivains
TSR Archives
1925 births
2017 deaths
People from Saint-Quentin, Aisne
20th-century Swiss novelists
21st-century Swiss novelists
Prix Fénéon winners
Swiss literary critics
University of Florence faculty
Swiss writers in French
Iqbal Ahmad Akhund (born 21 August 1924) is a Pakistani former diplomat and writer who served as the 7th permanent representative of Pakistan to the United Nations and the 5th national security advisor to the 11th prime minister of Pakistan, Benazir Bhutto for foreign affairs and national security. He also served as chairperson of the Group of 77 (G77) from 1976 to 1977.
A former head of the United Nations Centre Against Apartheid, Akhund also served as a Special Representative of the Secretary-General and United Nations Assistant Secretary-General from 1979 to 1987.
Early life
Akhund was born in Hyderabad State, Sindh Province. His father was a session judge in British Indian government and retired in the mid-1950s as a chief justice of Khairpur. In 1945, Akhund obtained his master's degree with economic and political science in Karachi. Following the partition of India, his family emigrated from India to Pakistan and they settled in Karachi.
Career
Akhund joined the foreign services after completing his civil services in 1948. He was appointed at various posts during his career such as permanent representative to the United Nations, assistant secretary-general at the United Nations, the president of the Security Council, and president of the United Nations Economic and Social Council. After retiring from foreign services, he was appointed as the national security advisor in the government of Benazir Bhutto from 1988 to 1990.
Before serving at the UN, he served as ambassador of Pakistan to Egypt, Yugoslavia and France. Prior to his retirement from foreign services on security, he was appointed as United Nations Resident Coordinator in Lebanon, and chairperson of the Security Council Committee on Sanctions against Rhodesia, a part of the United Nations Security Council.
Publications
References
1924 births
Living people
Ambassadors of Pakistan to Egypt
Ambassadors of Pakistan to France
Ambassadors of Pakistan to Yugoslavia
Indian emigrants to Pakistan
Pakistani writers
People from Hyderabad State
Permanent Representatives of Pakistan to the United Nations
Special Representatives of the Secretary-General of the United Nations
United Nations Security Council officials
The Panzer Division Jüterbog was an armoured division of the Wehrmacht during World War II. Created on 20 February 1945, it was active for a short period of time.
History
The division was created on 20 February 1945 at the Jüterbog training area. On February 26, 1945, it was ordered to head to the city of Bautzen to give its elements to the 16th Panzer Division which at that time was no more than a Kampfgruppe (‘'Battle Group''). From 28 February to 5 March 1945, the division was commanded by Generalmajor Dietrich von Müller. At the beginning of March 1945 the Jüterbog Division was dissolved.
Order of battle
At creation
Divisionsstab
Panzer-Abteilung "Jüterbog" (armored detachment)
Three companies equipped with Panzer IVs
Panzerjäger-Kompanie (Sfl.) (tank destroyer company)
Two regiments of Panzergrenadiers
2 battalions of 3 companies each
Panzer-Aufklärungs-Abteilung "Jüterbog" (armored reconnaissance detachment)
Staff and two 2 Aufklärungs-Kompanien (reconnaissance companies)
Panzer-Artillerie-Regiment "Jüterbog" (armored artillery regiment)
1 battery of heavy flak (Sfl.)
1 battery of light artillery (leFH mot, leichte Feldhaubitze)
1 battery of heavy artillery (sFH mot, schwere Feldhaubitze)
Panzer-Pionier-Abteilung"Jüterbog" (armored engineer detachment)
2 companies of motorized engineers
Signals company, repair company and medical company
By 26 February 1945
Divisionsstab with Divisions-Begleit-Kompanie
Panzer-Abteilung Jüterbog
1.-4. Kompanie (31 StuG III, 10 Panzer IV/70)
Panzer-Grenadier-Regiment Jüterbog
I. Bataillon (gep., mechanized)
1.-4. Kompanie
II. Bataillon (mot., motorized)
5.-8. Kompanie
9. Kompanie (sIG, heavy infantry gun)
10. Kompanie (Pionier, engineers)
11. Kompanie (Flak, anti-aircraft)
Panzer-Artillerie-Abteilung Jüterbog
1. Batterie (leFH, light artillery)
2. Batterie (leFH)
Panzer-Aufklärungs-Kompanie Jüterbog (6 schwere PSW, 5 leichte PSW, planned; 6 heavy and 5 light reconnaissance vehicles (Panzerspähwagen))
Panzerjäger-Kompanie Jüterbog (10 Jagdpanzer 38 "Hetzer", planned; 10 Hetzer tank destroyers)
Panzer-Nachrichten-Kompanie Jüterbog (armored signal company)
Support units: medical company with ambulances, 120 t heavy lift company, motorized repair company, administrative company, field post office
References
Notes
Bibliography
Further reading
Mitcham, Samuel W. German Order of Battle Volume Three: Panzer, Panzer Grenadier, and Waffen SS Divisions in WWII, Stackpole Military History Series, 2007.
Mitcham, Samuel W. Panzer Legions: A Guide to the German Army Tank Divisions of World War II and Their Commanders, Stackpole Military History Series, 2006.
External links
German panzer divisions
Military units and formations established in 1945
Military units and formations disestablished in 1945
Joseph-Alphonse-Paul Cadotte was a professor of mathematics, industrial engineering, industrial design at the École Polytechnique de Montréal, where he had achieved distinctions as a student.
Paul Cadotte also served as an Education Officer with the Royal Canadian Air Force. and authored several textbooks in applied industrial algebra and calculus.
Life
He was born in Montreal on December 12, 1897. He was the son of Alfred Cadotte, merchant-tailor, and Dorilda Coutu, his wife, daughter of A. Coutu, of Saint-Gabriel de Brandon.
Paul Cadotte attended primary school at the Jardin de l'Enfance, and took science courses at the Collège Mont-Saint-Louis :fr:Collège Mont-Saint-Louis, a private secondary school. Paul Cadotte attended l'École Polytechnique de Montréal for two years before finishing his studies at the École Technique, where he distinguished himself by completing in only one year, a complete course on industrial engineering where the majority of his work was published in the school's academic journal (les annales de l'École), and by winning the gold medal from the provincial government bestowed upon the most deserving student. Paul Cadotte graduated with high distinction in 1919.
During the same year, he was appointed regular professor in mathematics, industrial engineering and industrial design at the École Technique. Although relatively young, he was nonetheless considered an authority on technical education.
He was absorbed in his work and devoted almost exclusively to the education of his many students. He was considered an attractive man of athletic build and was adept in several sports - indoor and outdoor. He most excelled in fitness, tennis, swimming and billiards. He was a key player in developing and promoting the game of tennis among French-Canadians. As a lifetime member of the l'Association Athlétique National , he endeavoured greatly in making the Association an important institution in Canada.
On June 10, 1925, Paul Cadotte married Albertine Dufresne, daughter of F.-X. Dufresne from Montreal. Together they had one son, Pierre M. Cadotte. They resided at 4918 rue Adam in Montreal.
Later in life, he married Seraphine Benoit of Grand Bay, Dominica where they met. He later moved to Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, Canada with Seraphine, where he resided until his death. They had one son.
Academic Contributions and Works
Astute in mathematics, Paul Cadotte, represented École Technique at the First Canadian Mathematical Congress in 1945
Paul Cadotte also presented a paper to the Royal Commission on Education (also known as the Parent Commission) on behalf of the l'école polytechnique de Montréal
Paul Cadotte was the author of several mathematic textbooks including:
"Initiation au calcul différentiel et intégral avec applications industrielles. Exercices"
J.-A.-Paul(Jean-Alphonse)Cadotte. Réimpr. juil. 1961 -- Montréal
J.-A.(Jean-Alphonse)-Paul Cadotte. 1949. Montréal.
Théorie / par J.-A. (Jean-Alphonse)-Paul Cadotte. Réimpr. 1959 -- Montréal
Théorie / par J.-A.(Jean-Alphonse)-Paul Cadotte. Réimpr. 1961 -- Montréal
Théorie / par J.-A. (Jean-Alphonse) -Paul Cadotte. 1949-- Montréal.
"Algèbre appliquée à l'industrie"
tome I / J.-A. (Jean-Alphonse)-Paul Cadotte. 1950 -- Montréal.
Algèbre appliquée à l'industrie : tome II / J.-A. (Jean-Alphonse) -Paul Cadotte. 1946-1949. -- Montréal.
References
Bibliography
Raphaël OUIMET, éd., Biographies canadiennes françaises, treizième édition, Montréal, 1937, 461p., p. 229. / Raphael OUIMET, ed., Biographies of French Canadians, thirteenth edition, Montreal, 1937, 461p., P. 229.
External links
Biography Joseph-Alphonse-Paul Cadotte - The Quebec History Encyclopedia
L'École Polytechnique de Montréal main page
List of Works - Library and Archives Canada
List of Works - University of Laval Library
History of L'Association athlétique d'amateurs nationale
Papers and briefs filed at the hearings of the Royal Commission of Education (Parent Commission)
1897 births
1979 deaths
The grey-chinned minivet (Pericrocotus solaris) is a species of bird in the family Campephagidae. It is found from the Himalayas to China, Taiwan and Southeast Asia. Its natural habitat is forests about in elevation. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has assessed it as a least-concern species.
Taxonomy
This species was described from Darjeeling by Edward Blyth in 1846. The IOC World Bird List recognises eight subspecies: Pericrocotus solaris solaris found in the Himalayas and northern and western Myanmar; P. s. rubrolimbatus in eastern Myanmar and northern Thailand; P. s. montpellieri in southern China; P. s. griseogularis in southeastern China, Taiwan, northeastern Laos and northern Vietnam; P. s. deignani in southern Laos and central Vietnam; P. s. nassovicus in eastern Thailand and southern Cambodia; P. s. montanus in western Malaysia and Sumatra; and P. s. cinereigula in Borneo. The Handbook of the Birds of the World considers that montanus and cinereigula form a separate species.
Description
The grey-chinned minivet is long and weighs . It is sexually dimorphic. The adult male has a dark grey head and mantle, a pale grey chin, an orange-yellow throat and blackish wings. The underparts, lower back and tips of the greater coverts are orange. In the female, these parts are bright yellow instead. The eyes, beak and legs are black. The immature bird is similar to the female but has yellow-olive bars on its back.
Distribution and habitat
This species ranges from the eastern foothills of the Himalayas through northeastern India, southern China, mainland Southeast Asia to Sumatra and Borneo. Its habitat is montane forest about in elevation. In Taiwan, it has been recorded down to . It lives in the canopy of broadleaf forest and also coniferous forest, elfin forest, secondary forest, forest edges and gardens with trees. It is thought that all 12 of the minivet species adaptively radiated in mainland Asia and later dispersed to the Indonesian archipelago.
Behaviour
When not breeding, this minivet forms small parties with fewer than 15 individuals and also large flocks of dozens of birds; it sometimes joins mixed-species foraging flocks. It forages for invertebrates in the canopy, sometimes descending to tree ferns or sallying in the air. It gives a twittering call while feeding, and contact calls include a high-pitched and a .
Breeding has been recorded from February to April and has been inferred to occur in January. The male has been observed walking towards the female while holding a flower in its beak; the male swung its head, touched the female's beak and dropped the flower, and then they mated.
The nest, constructed by both sexes, is built on a branch or fork of a tree. It is a steep cup made of bryophytes and covered with felt externally. Lichens are added to camouflage the nest, and the female shapes the nest by pushing against the rim with its breast. The eggs have not been described. The male and female raise the brood together, and subadults have been seen helping them. Moulting occurs from June to October.
Status
This species has a large range and stable population, so the IUCN has assessed it as a least-concern species.
References
External links
grey-chinned minivet
grey-chinned minivet
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of South China
Birds of Southeast Asia
Birds of Taiwan
grey-chinned minivet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Johnnycake Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Verona in Oneida County, northwest of Verona.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
"King Kong Song" (working title "Mr. Sex"), written and composed by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus, is the name of a 1974 recording by Swedish pop group ABBA, included on their album Waterloo. In 1974, the song competed in the Swedish radio chart show Tio i topp, where it stayed in the charts for four shows and peaked at number 4. Also in Sweden, "King Kong Song" was the B-side to "Honey, Honey".
In 1975, the song was released as the B-side to the single release of "I've Been Waiting for You" in Australia, where it reached number 49.
Charts
Weekly charts
Cover versions
Alternative rock band Electric Boys recorded a cover of the song for the 1992 Swedish tribute album ABBA: The Tribute, released on the Polar Music label.
Swedish band Moahni Moahna recorded a cover for their 1996 album Why.
References
1974 songs
1977 singles
ABBA songs
Polar Music singles
King Kong (franchise)
Novelty songs
Songs about fictional male characters
Songs about monsters
Songs about primates
Songs written by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus
Kalateh-ye Abuzar (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Abūz̄ar; also known as Kalāteh-ye Shāhīn) is a village in Binalud Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 39, in 9 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
CHZ may refer to:
CHZ, IATA code for Chiloquin State Airport in Klamath County, Oregon, US
Circumstellar habitable zone, the range of orbits around a star where a planet with liquid water is possible
Centipede Hz (2012), album by Animal Collective
Čiernohronská železnica (Čierny Hron Railway), a heritage railroad in Slovakia
Brian Hainline is a medical researcher and the chief medical officer of the National Collegiate Athletic Association in the United States. Prior to taking that position in 2013, he was the chief medical officer of the United States Tennis Association.
References
External links
NCAA Sports Science Institute profile of Hainline
Health officials
American sports physicians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Central African Republic women's national football team represents the Central African Republic (CAR) in international women's football. It is governed by the Central African Football Federation. It played its first international matches in 2018 in the Cup of Nations qualifiers. The country's youth national team has played in several matches and events, including an Under-19 World Cup qualifying competition in which the team lost in the semi-finals. As is the case across Africa, the women's game faces numerous challenges. Football was only formally organised in 2000, and there are only 400 players competing at the national level.
History
Home stadium
Background and development
The development of women's football in Africa faces several challenges, including limited access to education, poverty amongst women, inequalities and human rights abuses targeting women. Many quality players leave the country seeking greater opportunity in Europe or the United States. In addition, most of the funding for women's football in Africa comes from FIFA, not the local national football associations.
The Central African Football Federation, the CAR's national football association, was founded in 1961 and became a FIFA affiliate in 1964. In the CAR, there is no national association staffer dedicated to women's football and no women on the board or in the executive committee. With assistance from FIFA, the federation developed a women's programme starting in 2000. A national competition and school competition were later introduced. Football is one of the most popular women's sports in the CAR. There were about 200 registered youth players in the country and 200 registered senior players as of 2006. There are 80 club-level teams with women on them, 20 of which are exclusively for women.
Team
In 2006, the team trained five times a week. As of March 2020, the team was not ranked by FIFA due to it not having played enough international matches.
The country has a national under-20 side. This team has participated in the qualifying competition for the FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup, which prior to 2006 was an under-19 tournament in which the CAR team also took part. In 2002, the qualifiers began with an African Women's Under-19 Championship. The CAR faced Equatorial Guinea in a home-and-away series in the first round, winning both matches by scores of 1–0 and 2–0. The country was set to play Zimbabwe in the quarterfinals, but Zimbabwe withdrew from the competition. In the semi-finals, the CAR met South Africa in a home match, but lost 0–2. The team was scheduled to play a return match in South Africa, but the host country refused to grant the Central African players visas, which led to South Africa's disqualification from the tournament. South Africa appealed the decision and visas were subsequently issued to Central African players, but the team then withdrew from the competition. In 2010, the Central African Republic women's national under-20 football team participated in the African Women's U-20 World Cup qualifiers. They had a walkover win against São Tomé and Príncipe in the first round but did not participate in the second or third rounds.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
2021
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
As of September 2022
Manager history
??? (2022– )
Players
Current squad
The following players were named on 10 October 2021 for the 2022 Africa Women Cup of Nations qualification tournament.
Caps and goals accurate up to and including 30 October 2021.
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to a Central African squad in the past 12 months.
Individual records
Active players in bold, statistics correct as of 2020.
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Managers
Honours
Achievements
Women's World Cup record
Olympic Games record
Africa Women Cup of Nations record
African Games record
UNIFFAC Women's Cup
See also
References
External links
African women's national association football teams
Zdravko Stanković (; born December 4, 1980) is a politician in Serbia. He has served in the National Assembly of Serbia since 2016 as a member of the Social Democratic Party (Socijaldemokratska stranka, SDS).
Early life and career
Stanković is an economist. He was a member of the oppositionist group Otpor! in 2000 and took part in protests against Slobodan Milošević's administration. In August 2000, he was arrested while handing out invitations to an opposition film screening.
Political career
Stanković was chair of the municipal assembly of Zemun, Belgrade, from 2000 to 2004 and chair of the municipality's provisional council in 2009. From 2008 to 2012, he served on the steering board of Belgrade's directorate for urban planning and construction. In this period, he was a member of the Democratic Party (Demokratska Stranka, DS),
Stanković received the 222nd position on the Choice for a Better Life coalition electoral list led by DS leader Boris Tadić in the 2012 Serbian parliamentary election. This was too low a position for election to be a realistic possibility, and indeed he was not elected.
The Democratic Party subsequently split into two factions, with Tadić creating a breakaway group called the New Democratic Party in 2014. This group contested the 2014 election in a fusion with the Greens of Serbia and in alliance with other parties; following the election, the New Democratic Party was reconstituted as the SDS. Stanković sided with Tadić in the split, was a founding member of the new party, and has held positions in its leadership. He appeared in the twenty-ninth position on Tadić's list in the 2014 election; the list won eighteen mandates and he was once again not elected.
Stanković was promoted to the thirteenth position on a coalition list of the SDS and other parties in the 2016 parliamentary election and was elected when the list won thirteen mandates. Serbian Progressive Party and its allies won the election, and the SDS serves in opposition. Stanković is currently a member of the committee on the economy, regional development, trade, tourism, and energy; a deputy member of the committee on spatial planning, transport, infrastructure, and telecommunications; a member of a working group for the political empowerment of persons with disabilities; and a member of the parliamentary friendship groups with Algeria, Azerbaijan, Egypt, Israel, Kazakhstan, the Macedonia, and the countries of Sub-Saharan Africa.
References
1980 births
Living people
Politicians from Belgrade
Members of the National Assembly (Serbia)
Democratic Party (Serbia) politicians
Social Democratic Party (Serbia) politicians
Congress Poland was subdivided several times from its creation in 1815 until its dissolution in 1918. Congress Poland ("Russian Poland") was divided into departments, a relic from the times of the French-dominated Duchy of Warsaw. In 1816 the administrative divisions were changed to forms that were more traditionally Polish: voivodeships, obwóds and powiats. Following the November Uprising, the subdivisions were again changed in 1837 to bring the subdivisions closer to the structure of the Russian Empire when guberniyas (governorates) were introduced. In this way, Congress Poland was gradually transformed into the "Vistulan Country". Over the next several decades, various smaller reforms were carried out, either changing the smaller administrative units or merging/splitting various guberniyas.
Subdivisions in modern Lithuania
Today, almost all of the subdivisions of Congress Poland may be found, in similar territorial areas, in modern Poland. A few, roughly in the northern panhandle of Congress Poland, are to be found in modern Lithuania. They are:
In Marijampolė County: Kalvarija Municipality, Marijampolė Municipality, Šakiai District Municipality (formerly Vladislavov), Vilkaviškis District Municipality (formerly Volkovyshki), and the town of Kybartai
In Alytus County: Alytus District Municipality (formerly part of Kalvaria district), Lazdijai District Municipality (formerly part of Seyny district), and Merkinė (formerly part of Seyny district), a town near the Dzūkija National Park
Changes in subdivisions by period
From 1816 to 1837
On January 16, 1816, the areas of administrative jurisdiction were reformed from the departments of the Duchy of Warsaw into the more traditionally Polish voivodeships, obwóds and powiats. Eight voivodeships were created:
Augustów Voivodeship (capital in Suwałki)
Kalisz Voivodeship
Kraków Voivodeship (despite the name of this province, the city of Kraków was not included; Kraków was a free city until the Kraków Uprising of 1846, after which it was annexed by Austria; the capital was first Miechów, then Kielce).
Lublin Voivodeship
Mazowsze Voivodeship (capital in Warsaw)
Płock Voivodeship
Podlasie Voivodeship (capital in Siedlce)
Sandomierz Voivodeship (capital in Radom)
From 1837 to 1842
On 7 March 1837 the voivodeships were reorganised as eight guberniyas (governorates):
Augustów Governorate (with capital in Łomża)
Kalish Governorate (with capital in Kalisz)
Krakov Governorate (with capital in Kielce)
Lublin Governorate (with capital in Lublin)
Masovia Governorate (with capital in Warsaw)
Plotsk Governorate (with capital in Płock)
Podlyase Governorate (with capital in Siedlce)
Sandomir Governorate (with capital in Radom)
From 1842 to 1844
In 1842 the Polish powiats were renamed to okręgs and the Polish obwóds were renamed powiats.
From 1844 to 1867
In 1844 several governorates were merged with others, and some others renamed. Five governorates remained:
From 1867 to 1893
The 1867 reform, initiated after the failure of the January Uprising, was designed to tie Congress Poland (now de facto the Vistulan Country) more tightly to the administration structure of the Russian Empire. It divided larger governorates into smaller ones. A new lower level entity, gmina, was introduced. This time ten governorates were formed:
From 1893 to 1912
A minor reform of 1893 transferred some territory from the Plotsk and Lomzha Governorates to the Warsaw Governorate.
From 1912 to 1919
The 1912 reform created a new governorate – Kholm Governorate – from parts of the Sedlets and Lublin Governorates. However this was split off from the Vistulan Country and made part of the Southwestern Krai of the Russian Empire.
External links
What is the history of the gubernias of Poland?
Zygmunt Gloger, Geografia historyczna ziem dawnej Polski, Rodział 15: W wieku XIX
Congress Poland
Congress Poland
Former subdivisions of Poland
Jaime Wheelock Román (born May 30, 1947) is a Nicaraguan politician. Member of The Sandinista Liberation Front from 1967, he was named as a member of the National Directorate in 1973. Wheelock graduated as lawyer and sociologist by University of Chile and FLACSO, Chile. He was the leader of the "Proletarian Tendency" in the 1970s, and one of the nine commanders of the Nicaraguan Sandinista Revolution that overthrew the Somoza regime. After 1979 he became minister for agriculture and agrarian reform in the Sandinista government of the 1980s. After 1990 he obtained a master's degree in public administration at Harvard University. Wheelock has written several books: Imperialismo y Dictadura, Raíces Indígenas de la Lucha anticolonialista en Nicaragua, Diciembre Victorioso, El Desarrollo Economico de Nicaragua, and La Reforma Agraria Sandinista, amongst other publications. Since 1996 he has been the President of the NGO Instituto para el Desarrollo y la Democracia IPADE.
References
External links
mention
Living people
Nicaraguan rebels
Sandinista National Liberation Front politicians
Agriculture ministers of Nicaragua
University of Chile alumni
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
People of the Nicaraguan Revolution
1946 births
Yes he is communist that worked with Fidel Castro .
Mycenology is the study of the Mycenaean Greek language and the culture and institutions recorded in that language. It emerged as a discipline auxiliary to classical philology in 1953, following the deciphering of Minoan Linear B script by Alice Kober, Michael Ventris and John Chadwick.
References
Philology
John Hull Campbell (October 10, 1800 – January 19, 1868) was an American politician from Pennsylvania who served as an American Party member in the U.S. House of Representatives for Pennsylvania's 3rd congressional district from 1845 to 1847.
Early life and education
Campbell was born in York, Pennsylvania. He studied law, was admitted to the bar in Philadelphia in 1823, and commenced practice in that city.
Career
Campbell was elected to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1831.
Campbell was elected as a candidate of the American Party to the Twenty-ninth Congress. He declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1846. He instead resumed his law practice, and died in Philadelphia in 1868.
He was interred in Monument Cemetery in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and reinterred in 1956 to Lawnview Memorial Park in Rockledge, Pennsylvania.
References
External links
The Political Graveyard
1800 births
1868 deaths
19th-century American politicians
Burials at Lawnview Memorial Park
Burials at Monument Cemetery
Know-Nothing members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
Members of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
Pennsylvania Know Nothings
Pennsylvania lawyers
Politicians from Philadelphia
Politicians from York, Pennsylvania
19th-century American lawyers
Members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
This is a list of number one singles for the year 1967 on the New Zealand Singles Chart.
Chart
References
1967
1967 in New Zealand
1967 record charts
1960s in New Zealand music
Gurgula is a Rajasthani language of Pakistan. It is lexically quite similar with Ghera, but very different grammatically.
References
Indo-Aryan languages
Stanko Horvat (12 March 1930 - 30 October 2006, Zagreb), Croatian composer and music pedagogue.
Biography
Stanko Horvat graduated from the Music Academy in Zagreb in 1956 where he studied composition in the class of Stjepan Šulek. He further studied on the Paris Conservatoire (1958–59) with T. Aubin and privately with René Leibowitz. At the Electronic Studio of the Technical University of Berlin he has done studio research (1977–78).
Between 1961 and 1999, when he retired, he taught at the Music Academy in Zagreb and many of the important Croatian composers were his students. He has had a number of important public functions (Artistic Director of the Music Biennale Zagreb 1985-89; President of the Croatian Composers' Society, 1974–79, etc.). He is a member of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts and has received numerous awards and much recognition for his work.
Oeuvre
Horvat's first works are deeply rooted in the classical tradition (Concertino for Strings, 1952). After studying in Paris – and under Leibowitz's influence – he turned to dodecaphony, serialism and other contemporary composition techniques. However, he soon abandoned them as they are incompatible with his sensibility. The Polish School had a much stronger influence on his work (Contrasts for the String Quartet, 1963). In all musical forms that he has employed, Horvat has focused primarily on musical expression. He is inclined towards pure sound, simple form and traditional treatment of the instrument. His works reveal a desire for reconciliation of the contemporary and romantic, the exact and free form, the structured and improvised. His fondness towards simplicity of texture is always apparent, occasionally reminding us of minimalistic music (Accords, 1979; Ostinati, 1983; Concertino for the Piano and Strings, 1996; In modo rustico for the bass-clarinet and piano, 1997). Horvat's works are performed all over Europe and in almost all continents of the globe, at festivals in Croatia (Dubrovnik Summer Festival, Music Biennale Zagreb, Split Summer) and abroad (Warsaw Autumn, Musikprotokoll in Graz, Berliner Biennale, International Festival in Brno).
Works (selection)
Concertino for strings (1952)
Symphony (1955)
The Chosen One (Elu), ballet (1960)
Trialogue for ondes Martenot (1969)
Accords for piano (1979)
Ostinati for piano (1982)
With a Raised Hand, cantata for soloists, choir and orchestra (1985)
Deux poemes de G. Apollinaire for twelve singers (1990)
Jeu de Cloches for marimbaphone and string quartet (1994)
Cantilene for symphony orchestra (1996)
In Modo Rustico for bass clarinet and piano (1997)
Tin - Symphony for solo mezzo-soprano and bass, mixed choir and symphony wind orchestra (1999)
Dithyrambos, for symphony orchestra (2004)
Descent to the Top for voice and chamber ensemble (2005)
References
1930 births
2006 deaths
Croatian composers
Croatian musicians
Vladimir Nazor Award winners
Members of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts
20th-century composers
Male classical composers
20th-century male musicians
Cornelis Joseph Maria Melief (born 20 January 1943) is a globally recognised immunology expert specialising in cancer immunology and immunotherapy, with special focus on therapeutic cancer vaccines. He is a Emeritus Professor, former head of the Department of Immunohematology and Blood Transfusion at the Leiden University Medical Center, and Chief Scientific Officer at ISA Therapeutics in the Netherlands. He is known for his work in the field of cancer immunology, devising new cancer therapies based on the activation of the patient's own immune system.
Early life and education
He grew up in the South of the Netherlands, in the town of Zevenbergschenhoek and from 11 years of age onwards in Amsterdam. He received his PhD Doctorate in Medicine in 1967 from the University of Amsterdam, followed by a Medical Doctor degree in 1970 from the same University. In 1973 and 1974 he was a postdoctoral fellow at the New England Medical Center and Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in Boston.
From 1970-1972, Melief served as a MD Lieutenant as part of compulsory Conscription in the Netherlands.
Career
In 1975, he joined the Netherlands Red Cross Blood Transfusion Service, as Head of Department of cell-mediated immunology. From 1975-1985 he became a scientific staff member of the CLB Amsterdam. In 1976, Melief was made head of the new Department of Experimental Tumour Immunology which in 1982 was renamed the Department of Cellular Immunology.
From 1985-1991, he worked as the Head of the Division of Immunology at the Netherlands Cancer Institute in Amsterdam. In 1991, he became head of the Department of Immunohematology and blood transfusion at Leiden University Medical Center. In 2004 he co-founded and became Chief Scientific Officer at the Biotech company Immune System Activation (ISA) Pharmaceuticals
Since 2012, Melief has been the CSO of ISA Pharmaceuticals and Emeritus Professor at Leiden University Medical Center.
Awards and recognitions
Major accomplishments
He is author of more than 545 peer-reviewed publications, cited over 67,000 times and inventor on more than 30 patents and patent applications.
Major patents include:
2003- Induction of anti-tumor CTL immunity through in vivo triggering of 4-1BB and/or CD40
2007 - Long peptides of 22-45 amino acid residues that induce and/or enhance antigen specific immune responses
1998 - Published T-cell help for cytotoxic T lymphocytes is mediated by CD40–CD40L interactions which was a breakthrough in the understanding of the importance of T-cells in priming cytotoxic T lymphocytes.
2014 - Checkpoint blockade cancer immunotherapy targets tumour-specific mutant antigens
Memberships
Member of the Research Council of the Dutch Kidney Foundation from 1983 to 1987.
Member of the Executive Board of the Foundation for Medical Research (Medigon) in the Netherlands from 1980 to 1988.
Member of the program committee on AIDS research of the advisory board on health research in the Netherland from 1988 to 1992.
Member of the research council of the Dutch Cancer Society from 1990 to 1996.
Board Member of Stichting Bloedbank Leidsenhage (The Hague, Leiden) from 1991 to present.
Chairman of the Board of the Amsterdam-Leiden Institute for Immunology (ALIFI) from 1992 to 1998.
Chairman of NWO (Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research) Immunology and Infectious Diseases Committee from 1994 to 1997.
Member of ECOS (Erkenningscommissie Onderzoeksscholen), Supervisory Body of Graduate Schools in The Netherlands from 1996 to 2004.
Member of the Scientific Advisory Board of the Danish Cancer Institute from 1996 to 2006.
Member of the Commissie Geneeskunde (Medicine) of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences from 1997 to 2004.
Member of the Scientific Advisory Board of Cancer Vaccines at Aventis-Pasteur from 1998 to 2007.
Member of the Scientific Advisory Board of German Pharmaceutical Company Medigene from 1999 to 2005.
Member of the Scientific Advisory Board of the Danish Cancer Institute in Denmark and the Jenner Vaccine Institute in England from 2000 to 2005.
Member of the Scientific Advisory Board of Swedish Immunotherapy Company Accuro from 2000 to 2005.
Chairman of the Dutch Society for Immunology from 2001 to 2008.
Member of the Scientific Advisory Board of German Biotech Company Immatics from 2003 to 2020.
Member of the AACR Immunology Advisory Committee from 2005 to 2011.
Board Member of Lorentz-van Iterson Foundation of TNO from 2008 to 2014.
Member of the Scientific Advisory Board for the Centre for Human Drug Research (CHDR) in Leiden from 2008 to present.
Member of the Scientific Advisory Board of the Comprehensive Cancer Centre of the University of Dresden from 2009 to present.
Advisory Board Member of the Ministry of Health (Germany) from 2009 to present.
Board Member of the Cellular Immunotherapy (CIMT) organisation based in Mainz, Germany from 2010 to present.
Chairman of the Scientific Advisory Board of TRON (Translational Oncology), a not-for-profit organisation of the University of Mainz, Germany, from 2011 to present.
Board Member of the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer (SITC) from 2013 to 2015.
Member of the Scientific Advisory Board of NCT, a Translational and Clinical Oncology Center of excellence of the German Cancer Institute (Deutsches Krebs Forschungs Zentrum) in Heidelberg and the Comprehensive Cancer Center of University of Dresden from 2015 to present.
Member of the American Association for Cancer Research
Member of the Royal Dutch Academy of Arts and Sciences (KNAW)
Member of the Hollandsche Maatschappij van Wetenschappen
Member of the European Foundation for Immunogenetics
Council Member of European Association for Cancer Research (EACR)
Member of New York Academy of Sciences
Member of European Society of Medical Oncology (ESMO)
Member of European Academy of Cancer Immunology
Member of European Research Institute for Integrated Cellular Pathology (ERI-ICP)
Awards and honours
Member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences
SOFI Prize Leiden in 1986
AkzoNobel Prize in 1995
European Federation of Immunological Societies Lecture Award in 2007
Ceppellini Lecture from the European Society of Immunogenetics in 2009 (as Cees Melief)
William B. Coley Award from the Cancer Research Institute in 2009
Queen Wilhelmina Research Prize from the Dutch Cancer Society in 2010
Cancer Immunotherapy (CIMT) organization, Mainz Germany. Lifetime Achievement Award 2017
Honorary doctorate Mainz University, Germany, 2017
2018 ESMO Immuno-Oncology Award in recognition of his work studying the interactions of the immune system with cancer
2019 AACR-CRI Lloyd J. Old Award in Cancer Immunology
References
1943 births
Living people
University of Amsterdam alumni
Members of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences
Dutch immunologists
Leiden University faculty
Dutch company founders
Pierre Ballester (1959) is a French sports journalist. He has written extensively about doping in cycling.
Career
He was a correspondent in London for Agence France-Presse, Sport, and L'Equipe.
Ballester co-wrote L.A. Confidentiel with David Walsh. It was published in 2004 by La Martinière. The book resulted in a number of lawsuits by Lance Armstrong's lawyers in France and England.
He also co-wrote Le Sale Tour (a pun in French : literally « the dirty tour », for Tour de France, double entending « dirty trick [also 'tour' in french] » ) with Walsh, about Armstrong's "comeback" in the 2009-2010 period.
Bibliography
Le sale Tour, with David Walsh - Seuil - 2009 -
Tempêtes sur le Tour - Éditions du Rocher - 2008 -
L.A. Officiel''' co-écrit avec David Walsh - Éditions de La Martinière - 2006 -
La France du rugby - Éditions Panama - 2006 -
L.A. Confidentiel - Les secrets de Lance Armstrong'' co-écrit avec David Walsh - Points - 2004 -
References
1959 births
Living people
French sports journalists
Cycling journalists
Cycling writers
French male non-fiction writers
30 Rock: A XXX Parody is an American pornographic film released on August 24, 2009. It parodies the television comedy series 30 Rock. The film was directed by Lee Roy Myers and produced by the company New Sensations, who had also created parodies such as Scrubs: A XXX Parody and Seinfeld: A XXX Parody. Lisa Ann, who parodied Sarah Palin in Who's Nailin' Paylin?, stars as Liz Lemon, the character originally played by Tina Fey, who parodied Palin herself on Saturday Night Live.
The film is based on a sketch comedy television show, TCS with Trey Jordan, whose ratings head writer Liz Limon (Lisa Ann) has to boost by adding more sex to. The film's five sex scenes include a scene between network executive Jake (Herschel Savage) and assistant Karina (Evie Delatosso), and actress Jenny (Ashlynn Brooke) having sex with a writer before she cons him creating a sketch for her. The film ends with a sex tape of Limon and boyfriend Danny (James Deen) accidentally being aired on the show.
A review by Adult Video News called the film a "blandly-written and at times just plain boring comedy", but praised the acting by Bishop, Ashlynn Brooke and Paul Woodcrest. Remarking on Lisa Ann's performance, compared with her success in Who's Nailin' Paylin?, the review stated "sadly, Lisa's funnier trying to be serious than she is when trying to be funny". An XBIZ review stated that the "main players are really good" and that the character Trey Jordan (Bishop) is "hilarious". New York magazine commented "it's actually disturbing how true to the show this thing is ... Someone out there in porn-making land has actually done their 30 Rock homework".
Commenting on her character, Ashlynn Brooke stated "My personality is kind of close to hers, humor-wise". Lisa Ann remarked "I'm a huge Tina Fey fan, so playing her in 30 Rock was incredible ... These roles have been the most fun I've had in my career, and I can't wait to see what's next!".
Cast
Amy Ried as Cherry
Ashlynn Brooke as Jenny
Chris Cannon as Fred
Paul Woodcrest as Ken
Erik Everhard as Ken body double for sex scenes
Evie Delatosso as Alicia
Herschel Savage as Jake
James Deen as Danny
Lana Violet as Nancy
Lisa Ann as Limon
Ralph Long as Peter
Rebeca Linares as Stephanie
Bishop as Trey Jordan
Awards
Wins
2010 AVN Award – Best Couples Sex Scene (Amy Ried and Ralph Long)
Nominations
2010 AVN Award – Best Actor (Herschel Savage)
2010 AVN Award – Best Supporting Actress (Ashlynn Brooke)
2010 AVN Award – Best Non-Sex Performance (Bishop)
2010 AVN Award – Best Non-Sex Performance (Paul Woodcrest)
2010 AVN Award – Best Threeway Sex Scene (Lana Violet, Rebeca Linares and Erik Everhard)
2010 AVN Award – Best Makeup (Maria and Glenn Alfonso)
2010 AVN Award – Best On-Line Marketing Campaign, Individual Project
2010 AVN Award – Best Sex Parody
2010 XBIZ Award – Director of the Year, Individual Project (Lee Roy Myers)
2010 XBIZ Award – Acting Performance of the Year, Male (Herschel Savage)
2010 XBIZ Award – Marketing Campaign of the Year
2010 XBIZ Award – Parody Release of the Year
References
External links
2000s pornographic films
A XXX Parody
2009 films
American pornographic films
AVN Award winners
2000s English-language films
Pornographic parody films
Films directed by Lee Roy Myers
Films set in New York City
2000s American films
is a 1950 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Hara Kenkichi.
Cast
Kodayū Ichikawa (市川小太夫)
Hibari Misora
and others
References
Japanese black-and-white films
1950 films
Shochiku films
1950s Japanese films
Anam Cara is a phrase that refers to the Celtic concept of the "soul friend" in religion and spirituality. The phrase is an anglicization of the Irish word anamchara, anam meaning "soul" and cara meaning "friend". The term was popularized by Irish author John O'Donohue in his 1997 book Anam Ċara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom about Celtic spirituality. In the Celtic tradition "soul friends" are considered an essential and integral part of spiritual development. The Martyrology of Óengus recounts an incident where Brigid of Kildare counseled a young cleric that "...anyone without a soul friend is like a body without a head." A similar concept is found in the Welsh periglour.
The Anam Cara involves a friendship that psychotherapist William P. Ryan describes as "compassionate presence". According to O'Donohue, the word anamchara originates in Irish monasticism, where it was applied to a monk's teacher, companion, or spiritual guide. However, Edward C. Sellner traces its origin to the early Desert Fathers and Desert Mothers: "This capacity for friendship and ability to read other people's hearts became the basis of the desert elders' effectiveness as spiritual guides." Their teachings were preserved and passed on by the Christian monk John Cassian, who explained that the soul friend could be clerical or lay, male or female.
References
External links
Quotes from Anam Ċara by John O'Donohue
Colman Readings 13th May (pg 1238) links Romans and Celtic differences to confession and Anam Cara ‘anamchara'
Irish words and phrases
Helmut Oswald Maucher (9 December 1927 – 5 March 2018) was a German businessman. He served as the CEO of Nestlé from June 1990 to June 1997. He joined the company at a young age, completing an apprenticeship at the Nestlé SA factory in Eisenharz, Germany just after finishing high school. He served as honorary chairman of Nestlé SA, Vevey, Switzerland, having been elected to that position by the board after relinquishing its chairmanship in May 2000.
Early life
Helmut Maucher was born on 9 December 1927 in Eisenharz (Allgäu), Germany. When he was 19 Nestlé AG bought the milk production company in Eisenharz in the Western Allgau in which he and his father were employed. After finishing his A levels he was then doing a business apprenticeship in the same company. He then changed to Nestlé Frankfurt, where he was studying business administration at Frankfurt University while working and finished his study with a Master in Business/Commerce.
Career
Between 1964 and 1980 he occupied different management positions at Nestlé Frankfurt, in 1975 he became General Director of the Nestlé Group Germany. On 1 October 1980 he was asked to change to Switzerland to become General Director of the whole Nestlé Group and member of the executive committee.
In November 1981 he became delegate of the supervisory administration board of Nestlé AG in Vevey. Between 1990 and 1997 he was both, president and delegate of the supervisory administration board. In this time he expanded the company to the largest food company worldwide with 260,000 employees. After stepping down from his position as delegate in 1997 he continued to be president of the supervisory administration board until 2000 which is when he was given the position of honorary president. He was the first non-Swiss ever to be given such an honour and position in a major Swiss company.
Maucher served on the board of trustees of the Frankfurt Institute for Advanced Studies.
Controversy
In a 1997 interview, Maucher stated: "There is a certain percentage of prosperity waste () in our society; people who are either unmotivated, semi-invalid, tired or who just take advantage of the system." Maucher was alluding to the highly developed German welfare system, which in his opinion removed the necessity to take an employment. He was subsequently criticized for the usage of the term "waste" as a description for human beings, which culminated in Wohlstandsmüll having been chosen as the German Un-Word of the Year 1997 by a jury of linguistic scholars.
Honours and distinctions
Gold Medal - Fortune Magazine, 1984
Grand Merit Cross of the Federal Republic of Germany (Grosses Verdienstkreuz) - 1988
Doctor honoris causa, University of Guadalajara, Mexico- June 1989
Order of the Aztec Eagle - Mexico, April 1993
Grand Gold Medal with Star for Services to the Republic of Austria - August 1993
Leadership Award for Corporate Statesmanship, International Institute for Management Development (IMD) – October 1993
IMD, Maucher Nestlé Chair, November 1993
Appeal of Conscience Foundation Award, New York – October 1995
INTERNORGA prize, Hamburg - March 1996
Doctor honoris causa, European Business School Oestrich Winkel – Feb 1997
Business Hall of Fame, Manager Magazine - May 1997
Grand Cross of Merit with Star of the Federal Republic of Germany - September 1997
Order of Merit of Baden-Württemberg - 1998
Doctor honoris causa, University of California - March 1998
Doctor honoris causa, Technical University Munich – March 1998
Scopus Award, Hebrew University of Jerusalem – May 1998
Austrian Cross of Honour for Science and Art, 1st class – August 1999
Dr. Jelle Zijlstra Award, Swiss Chamber of Commerce in The Netherlands – January 2018
Death
Maucher died in his home in Bad Homburg, Germany on March 5, 2018.
Bibliography
La stratégie Nestlé, French translation by Monique Thiollet, Maxima Ed., Paris, 1995,
References
External links (German)
Literature of and about Helmut Maucher (http:/d-nb.info/gnd/11906412x) in the catalogue of German National Library
Marc Brost and Arne Storn "one needs backbone" –interview in Die Zeit Nr.49 on 01.12.2005
1927 births
2018 deaths
Chairmen of Nestlé
Businesspeople from Baden-Württemberg
Knights Commander of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Recipients of the Grand Decoration with Star for Services to the Republic of Austria
Recipients of the Order of Merit of Baden-Württemberg
Recipients of the Austrian Cross of Honour for Science and Art, 1st class
In Māori mythology, Tama-nui-te-rā (Tamanuiterā) is the personification of the Sun.
Etymology
In the Māori language, Tama-nui-te-rā means "Great Son of the Sun". The Māori word for "sun" or "day" is rā, deriving from Proto-Polynesian *laqaa.
Legends
Hero Māui decided that the days were too short and caught Tama-nui-te-rā with a snare, then beat him to make him travel more slowly across the sky.
Family
In some legends Tama-nui-te-rā is the husband of Ārohirohi, goddess of mirages. In other legends, Tama-nui-te-rā had two wives, the Summer maid, Hineraumati, and the Winter maid, Hinetakurua.
The child of Tama-nui-te-rā and Hineraumati, Tane-rore, is credited with the origin of dance.
Another son of Tama-nui-te-ra is Auahitūroa, god of comets and fires, and grandchildren of Tama-nui-te-rā are Ngā Mānawa.
See also
List of solar deities
Bibliography
J. White, The Ancient History of the Maori. Volume II. Government Printer: Wellington, 1887, 136–137, 151–152.
Notes
Māori gods
Solar gods
The Kennesaw State Owls men's basketball team represents Kennesaw State University in Kennesaw, Georgia, United States. The school's team currently competes in the ASUN Conference. They are currently led by head coach Amir Abdur-Rahim and play their home games at the KSU Convocation Center. During their time as a member of NCAA Division II, they were national champions in 2004.
Former four-year graduate guard Markeith Cummings (2009–13) is the team's all-time leading scorer with 2,048 career points, passing former leader Herman Smith (1986–90, 1,683 points) on November 18, 2012.
Postseason
NCAA Division II Tournament results
The Owls have appeared in three NCAA Division II Tournaments. Their record is 7–2. They were national champions in 2004.
NAIA Division I Tournament results
The Owls have appeared in One NAIA Division I Tournament. Their combined record is 0–1.
References
External links
Website
The one-colored becard (Pachyramphus homochrous) is a species of bird in the family Tityridae. It has traditionally been placed in Cotingidae or Tyrannidae, but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae, where it is now placed by the South American Classification Committee.
Description
The one-colored becard is sexually dimorphic. The male is black with a grey underside while the female is cinnamon with a buff underside.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, Panama, Peru, and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
Pachyramphus
Birds described in 1859
Taxa named by Philip Sclater
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Ecuador
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
William Forbes, 7th Lord Forbes (1513-1593) was a Scottish landowner.
William was the son of John, 6th Lord Forbes and Christian Lundie.
His eldest son John, Master of Forbes, and his half-brother "Black" Arthur Forbes signed a band on 27 April 1560 at Edinburgh with other Scottish nobles committing themselves to Protestant reformation, and to join with the English army sent to expel French troops from Scotland.
In July 1568 Forbes was at Largs with the Earl of Argyll and with others signed a letter to the Duke of Alva complaining of the treatment of Mary, Queen of Scots in England, and asking him to write to Philip II of Spain to petition Elizabeth I of England and to send troops into Scotland against their enemies.
Despite this, William was reckoned by English diplomats to be a friend to England. He took sides against the supporters Mary, Queen of Scots in the Marian Civil War. The Earl of Huntly sent troops against him in October 1571, and the king's side sent 200 men to aid him. "Black" Arthur Forbes, the earl's brother, was killed at the Battle of Tillieangus. They fought again in Aberdeen at the Battle of Craibstone and John, Master of Forbes, was captured and taken to Huntly Castle. The English ambassador Henry Carey was inclined to view this as a "private quarrel" or feud between the Forbes and Gordons.
In 1590 John, Master of Forbes, was accused of imprisoning his father in a chamber at Druminnor Castle and hitting him on the head with the pommel of his sword. Two younger sons, Robert Forbes Commendator of Monymusk and James Forbes of Fechell brought their father's complaint to the Privy Council, but the Master of Forbes denied it. The Council declared that Drumminor should be kept by William Forbes of Tolquhoun and others till Lord Forbes came to Edinburgh or sent further testimony. In May 1591 the Master of Forbes claimed his brothers had turned his father against him, and while Lord Forbes was lying sick at Dundee they had entered and robbed the House of Druminnor. The younger Forbes brothers obtained royal letters against the Master of Forbes to support their occupation of Druminnor.
In November 1591 Lord Forbes made an alliance with George Keith, 5th Earl Marischal, Francis Hay, 9th Earl of Erroll, and others against the Earl of Huntly. In 1592 Forbes and Huntly promoted rival candidates as Provost of Aberdeen.
Family
William married Elizabeth Keith heiress of Inverugie. Their children included:
John Forbes, Master of Forbes, and later 8th Lord Forbes (1542-1606), who married; (1) Margaret Gordon, daughter of George Gordon, 4th Earl of Huntly and Elizabeth Keith. She was the mother of John, Master of Forbes, later 9th Lord Forbes; and (2) Janet Seton, daughter of Walter Seton of Touch, mother of Arthur, 10th Lord Forbes.
Robert Forbes of Monymusk.
James Forbes of Fechell.
Anne Forbes, who married in 1588, Sir John Seton of Barns.
Jean Forbes, who married James Ogilvy, Lord Airlie.
Christian Forbes, who married George Johnston of Caskieben, and was the mother of the poet Arthur Johnston.
In July 1592 John, Master of Forbes, wanted his son to marry a sister of the Earl of Gowrie, which the Earl of Huntly opposed, as it would weaken him politically.
Arthur, Master of Forbes, married Jean Elphinstone, in Edinburgh on 5 February 1600. This was double wedding of sisters, daughters of the Master of Elphinstone celebrated at the Mint in the Cowgate, the other couple being, Anna Elphinstone and the Earl of Sutherland, James VI gave both brides a gold chain and fore and back gold garnishing for their hair.
References
1513 births
1593 deaths
Kollam or Quilon is known as the Cashew Capital of the World. Kollam is the largest processed cashew exporter in the world. , there are more than 600 cashew processing units in the city. About of raw cashews are imported to the city for processing every year. 90% of India's export quality cashew kernels are prepared in Kollam.
Alfah Cashews is one among the popular Kollam based cashew exporters.]]
Foreign exchange earnings of the nation through the export of cashew kernels in 2011–12 is Rs.4,390 crore, Rs.4046.23 crore in 2012–2013 and Rs.5058.73 crore in 2013–2014, based on the statistics from the Cashew Export Promotion Council of India (CEPCI). of kernels were exported during 2011–12. 90% of these export quality cashew kernels are prepared in Kollam. and the Kerala State Cashew Development Corporation Limited work in Kollam city to promote exports of cashew kernels and cashew nutshell liquid from India. They also protect the interest of workers and attempt to provide maximum employment to the industry's workers and give them statutory benefits such as minimum wages and bonuses.
Kollam based cashew exporting/processing companies
A.A Nutts, Kilikollur
A.A snack, Kilikollur
Abbas Cashew Company, Kallumthazham
Abhishek cashews industries, Kottarakkara
Afeef Cashew Company, Thattamala
AFFCO EXIM PVT Ltd, Kallumthazham
A.J Industries, Mangad
AKM Cashews, Kottamkara
Al-Aziz and Company, Kilikollur
Aleph Enterprises, Kadappakada
Alin Cashews, Mangad
Aliya Cashew Exporters, Chathinamkulam
Alpha International, Kallumthazham
Alphonsa Cashew Industries, Puthoor
AMK Exports, Alumoodu
Angel Cashews, Kottarakkara
Anu Cashews, Parameswar Nagar
Anzar Cashew Co., Chandanathope
Apex Ventures Private Limited, Asramam
A.S Cashew Exporters, Kilikollur
Ashkar Cashew Industries, Kilikollur
Associated Cashew Industries, Chandanathope
Assorted Food Packers Pvt.Ltd., Mundakkal West
Aysha Cashew Export, Kallumthazham
Aziya International, Kilikollur
Beena Cashew Company, Thevalapuram
Beffy Cashew Company, Channapetta
Bethanya Cashew Company, Puthoor
Bethel Cashew Company, Nallila
Bethsaida Cashew Company, Puthoor
Binod Cashew Corporation, Kochupilamoodu
Bismi Cashew Company, Kilikollur
Bright Star Global Trading Corporation, Asramam
BRj Enterprises, Jhansi
Capital cashew exports,(mangadu)
Carmel Cashews, Kunnicode
Chaitanya Cashew Company, Mundakkal West
Chemmarathil Cashew Company, Kottarakkara
Chenkulathu Cashew Factory, Valakom
Chethana Cashew Corporation, Kochupilamoodu
Choice Cashew Industries, Chandanathope
Chothy Enterprises, Kilikollur
Dev's Exports, Mundakkal
Ebenezer Cashew Company, Kottarakkara
Emmanuel Cashew Industries, Odanavattam
Eshika Cashew Company, Beach Road
Excellent Cashew Co, Kilikollur
Fathima Cashew Company, Chandanathope
Five-Star Cashew Exporters and Importers, Chandanathope
Fresh Nuts, Vadayattukotta
Gil Gal Cashew Exports, Pathanapuram
Global Foods, Mangad
Gouri Cashews, Alummoodu
India Food Exports, Mundakkal West
Indian Resins and Polymers, Chinnakada
Ismail Enterprises, Kilikollur
Jayalakshmi Cashew Exports, Decent Junction
Jinnah Exports, Karicode
Jinnah Shajahan Exports, Kilikollur
John's Cashew Company, Kundara
J.S. Cashew Exporters, Kilikollur
Kailas Cashew Exports, Ezhukone
Kairali Exports, Mangad
Kasuwandi Enterprises, Killikolloor
Kerala Nut Food Co., Parameswar Nagar
Kerala State Cashew Workers Apex, Mundakkal West
Krishnan Food Processors, Beach Road
Kumar Cashew Exports, Punalur
Kumbukattu Cashews, Valakam
Lakshman & Co., Kilikollur
Lekshmi Cashew Company, Kallumthazham
Lourdes Matha Cashew Industries, Puthoor
M. Abdul Rehuman Kunju, Chandanathope
M M K Exports, Chandanathope
Mahaneeyam Cashew Exports, Vettikkavala
Mahavishnu Cashew Factory, Karuvelil
Malayalam Export Enterprises, Kilikollur
Mangalath Cashews, Kannanallur
Mangalath Enterprises, Ezhukone
Mareena Cashew Exports, Kundara
Meenakshi Exports, Umayanalloor
M.G. Enterprises, Kilikollur
Milleneum Exports & Imports, Vadakkevila
Mount Carmel Cashews, Thalavoor
Mount Moria Cashews, Ayoor
Mumthas Cashew Industries, Kilikollur
Najeem Cashew Industries, Kilikollur
Navami Exports, Peroor
Nice Cashew Company, Kollam
Nila Exports, Cheerankavu
Noble Cashew Industries, Decent Junction
N.S. Cashews, Kilikollur
Nut Products Company, Kochupilamoodu
Nut Racer Corporation, Kilikollur
Nuts on Time Importers and Exporters, Chathannoor
Olam Agro India Ltd, Bishop Jerome Nagar
Olimpiya Cashew industries, punthalathazham
Painkily Cashews, Karunagappally
Latha Cashew Imports & Exports, Karunagappally
Peniel Cashew Co, Puthoor
Prakash Exports, Kochupilamoodu
Prasanthi Cashew Co., Mangad
Prasanthi Cashew Pvt. Ltd., Mangad
Pratap Cashew Co. Ltd., Kochupilamoodu
Pratyush Exports, Kochupilamoodu
Quilon Foods Private Limited, Parameswar Nagar
Rahumath Cashew Corporation, Kilikollur
Rajan Cashew Company, Ezhukone
River Green Exports, Puthoor
Riza Cashew Industries, Karicode
Roy Cashew Products, Nallila
Royal Food Exporters, Ayathil
Sai Export Enterprises, Mangad
Sai Lekshmi Cashew Company, Punukkannur
Sai Lekshmi Foods, Asramam
Saida Trading Company, Lakshminada
Sealand Cashew, Karuvelil
Sealand Cashew Exports, Ezhukone
Shafi Cashew Industries, Kilikollur
Shastha Enterprises, Beach Road
Shyam Cashews, Kilikollur
S.N. Cashews, Vadakkevila
Soorya Cashew Factory, Karunagappally
Souparnika Export Enterprises, Decent Junction
South Kerala Cashew Exporters, Kilikollur
Southern Cashew Exporters, Kilikollur
Sree Durga Cashew Factory. Puthoor
Sreelekshmi Cashew Company, Kadappakada
S.S. Cashew Exports, Kilikollur
St. Annes Cashew Industries, Puthoor
St. George Foods, Kottarakara
St. Gregorios Cashew Industries, Kottarakara
St. John's Cashew Company, Kottarakara
St. Mary's Cashew Factory, Kottarakara
St. Mikhael Cashew Exports, Nallila
St. Nicholas Cashew Exports, Nallila
St. Paul's Cashew Factory, Puthoor
St. Theresa Cashew Industries, Kottarakkara
Star Cashew Company, Kilikollur
Sultaj Exports, Karicode
Sunfood Corporation, Kochupilamoodu
Supreme Cashew Industries, Pallithottam
Surya Exports, Kochupilamoodu
Swathy Exports, Mundakkal West
Tara Exports, Kilikollur
Tara Foods, Kilikollur
Tasty Nut Industries, Kilikollur
Thampuran Cashews, Pallimon
The Kerala State Cashew Development Corporation Ltd, Mundakkal
Unigreen Condiments, Perinad
Vijayalaxmi Cashew Co., Kochupilamoodu
Vinayaka Cashew Company, Mangad
Vineeth Cashews, Kallumthazham
Visudira Impex Pvt. Ltd., Kilikollur
Vizag Exports, Mangad
Wender's Foods Pvt Ltd, Kochupilamoodu
Western India Cashew Co. Pvt Ltd, Kochupilamoodu
Wonder Nut, Kottarakara
References
Commodity markets in Kerala
Companies based in Kollam
Cashew companies
Cashew production in India
Gianluca Comin (Udine, 2 April 1963) is the founder of Comin & Partners, a Communication and Public Relations company, focused in government affairs, communication, media relations and crisis communication. Since January 2016 he is also Board member of the Biennale di Venezia.
Previously, until June 2014, he was Director of External Relations of Enel Group. and Board's member of Endesa sa., a Spanish electricity Company that is part of the Enel Group.
Gianluca Comin started his professional career in 1986 as a journalist at the Rome office of the daily paper “Il Gazzettino”. Until 1997, he reported about politics from Rome and in 1998 he became Head of the Press Office of the Ministry of Public Works and spokesman for the Minister.
In 1999 Comin was appointed Director of External Relations and bureau chief at the Montedison S.p.A. Rome office, where he was in charge of communication for the IPO of Compart Montedison, of Compart Burgo, of Falck-Sondel at Compart-Montedison, of Fiat-Edf at Compart Montedison. At that time he was also managing and coordinating relations with Italian and EU institutional authorities.
In September 2001 he was named Head of Communication and Media Relations at Telecom Italia. His most significant activities included managing relations with the national and international media for the various companies of the Telecom Italia Group and coordinating of the corporate-financial press offices, Domestic Wireline, Tim, Seat Group, Its Telecom, and Telespazio press offices.
In 2002 he moved to Enel as Director of Communications in charge of advertising, media relations, events, internal communications, corporate identity, relations with the associations and corporate social responsibility.
Comin, who is a professional journalist, is visiting professor at LUISS University (Communication strategy and advertising) and lecturer at several universities and institutions including Bocconi University and CSM (Consiglio Superiore della Magistratura – Superior Council of Magistracy).
He was member of the National Council of Confindustria and managing director of Enel Foundation and Enel Cuore. Former President of FERPI (the Italian Association of Public Relations), now he is member of the Executive Board. Former editor-in-chief of Oxygen and author of "2030 La tempesta perfetta", 2012, Rizzoli. In 2019 he edited "Integrated Communication and Reputation Management" (Luiss University Press, 2019), with the participation of numerous professionals and communication experts. The volume aims to respond to changes in society, consumers and businesses through new strategies and integrated communication tools.
He has also been a member of the Ministry of Cultural Heritage Communication Committee and of the Ministry of Economy and Finance, in charge of selecting tender winners for integrated communication projects for Southern Italy, a board member of Syremont Spa (Montedison Group Company), a Member of the Committee to inform on the 2000 Jubilee. Moreover, he participated in the Presidency of the Council of Ministers and CCISS advisory Committee (Information on traffic Coordination Centre). In 2016 and 2017 he was a member of the Scientific Committee of the Corporate Art Awards organized by pptArt.
Publications
Gianluca Comin is the author of the following publications:
Comunicazione integrata e reputation management, a cura di Gianluca Comin (Luiss University Press, 2019);
L'impresa oltre la crisi. Per una gestione efficace della reputazione aziendale, (Marsilio, 2016);
2030 La Tempesta Perfetta - Come sopravvivere alla grande crisi, with Donato Speroni:(Rizzoli, 2012) http://2030latempestaperfetta.it/
Il modello di comunicazione integrata Enel (on “La comunicazione d'azienda”, Collesei -Ravà- Isedi, 2009);
I nuovi strumenti per la gestione del consenso (on “Co-opetition”, Simonetta Pattuglia e Sergio Cherubini, Franco Angeli, 2009);
La Comunicazione alla prova del web (on “Comunicare, un successo”, Igor Righetti, UTET, 2009);
Comunicare con gli eventi culturali: L'Estate di Raffaello (on “Comunicare con gli eventi”, Simonetta Pattuglia e Sergio Cherubini, Franco Angeli, 2007)
References
Italian businesspeople
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
On January 10, 2005, a major landslide occurred in the town of La Conchita, California. The landslide killed 10 people, and destroyed or damaged dozens of houses. The landslide occurred on part of a previous landslide that occurred in 1995. The historic slides are part of the larger Rincon Mountain slide, which "started many thousands of years ago and will continue generating slides in the future."
Setting
La Conchita is a small community located on the southern California coastline between Ventura and Santa Barbara. It lies on a narrow strip of land about wide between the shoreline and abutting a high bluff. The top of the bluff is covered by avocado and citrus orchards. The bluff above La Conchita has a slope of approximately 35 degrees and consists of poorly cemented marine sediments.
Geologic evidence indicates that landslides have been occurring at and near La Conchita for many thousands of years up to the present, on a geologically frequent basis. Historical accounts support this. Reported landslides began in 1865. In both 1889 and 1909, the Southern Pacific rail line running along the coast was inundated. In the 1909 slide, a train was buried. Since that time, other slides have occurred, covering at times cultivated land, roadways, and the community itself.
1995 La Conchita landslides
In 1994-1995, the seasonal rainfall at Ojai (20 kilometers (12 miles) northeast of La Conchita) from October 1 through March 3 (the day before the landslide occurred) was 761 millimeters (29.96 inches), approximately twice the normal amount.
Surface cracks in the upper part of the slope were noted as far back as the summer of 1994. At the beginning of the rainy season, in December 1994, several open cracks had opened on the hillside, and surface runoff was infiltrating into the subsurface.
On March 4, 1995, the hill behind La Conchita failed, moving tens of meters in minutes, and buried nine homes with no loss of life. The County of Ventura immediately declared the whole community a Geological Hazard Area, imposing building restrictions on the community to restrict new construction.
Days later, on March 10, a subsequent debris flow from a canyon to the northwest damaged five additional houses in the northwestern part of La Conchita. The dimensions of the slides were approximately wide, long, and deep. The deposit covered approximately , and the volume was estimated to be approximately 1.3 million cubic meters (1.7 million cubic yards) of sediment. The landslide slumped as a coherent mass of material.
Based on the opinion that surface water infiltration from irrigation contributed to the landslide, seventy-one homeowners sued La Conchita Ranch Co. in Bateman v. La Conchita Ranch Co. The judge ruled that irrigation was not the major cause of the slide and that the ranch owners were not responsible.
2005 La Conchita landslide
In 2005, an additional landslide occurred at the end of a 15–day period of near-record rainfall levels. From December 27, 2004, through January 10, 2005, the nearby city of Ventura received 378 millimeters (14.9 inches) of rainfall, only slightly less than its mean annual total of 390 millimeters (15.4 inches).
The 2005 landslide involved few new materials and seems to have been a continuation of the original 1995 landslide. The landslide occurred after a 15-day period of unprecedented records of rainfall in Southern California. It is likely that the new rainfall did not enter the deposits left behind after the 1995 landslide, but slid off it taking surface debris and few new materials with it.
On January 10, 2005, the southeastern portion of the 1995 landslide deposit failed, resulting in shallow, rapid fluid flow, unlike the 1995 landslide. The volume of the landslide was estimated to be approximately 200,000 cubic meters with a surface long and wide. The landslide destroyed 13 houses and severely damaged 23 others. There were 10 confirmed fatalities.
Subsequently, residents formed the La Conchita Community Organization (LCCO) to coordinate with government officials to determine the best way to protect the community. In March 2006, Governor of California, Arnold Schwarzenegger, allocated $667,000 for a scientific study to determine control measures to be taken to prevent future landslides.
In 2008, family members of those killed and or who suffered loss of property in the 2005 La Conchita Landslide filed a lawsuit against the La Conchita Ranch Co., located at the top of slope. The Ranch was found 50% negligent because it did not provide for adequate drainage of its orchards during torrential rains and settled the suit. Three years after the 2005 landslide, the owners of an avocado ranch agreed to turn over all 700 acres of their land and other assets to settle the suit.
The plaintiffs also sued the County of Ventura for damages, claiming that a wall that the County built at the base of the landslide caused or contributed to the landslide. Ultimately, the County prevailed against the plaintiffs on all claims.
There is no reason to believe that landslides will not continue to threaten or impact La Conchita. Future landslide activity could occur in the areas of the 1995 and 2005 landslides or in other areas and could damage or destroy any or all of the developed area. The USGS report stated that "no part of the community can be considered safe from landslides."
In popular culture
The 2005 La Conchita landslide is the setting of T.C. Boyle's short story La Conchita.
See also
California landslides
References
External links
Mass Wasting at La Conchita, at UCSB Geology. Includes photo gallery.
La Conchita landslide verdict at American Geophysical Union, 2008. Includes photos and video
Assessing Landslide Hazard Over a 130-Year Period for La Conchita, California by Jeffrey J. Hemphill at the Association of Pacific Coast Geographers Annual Meeting, September 12 and 15, 2001
La Conchita landslide 2005
2005 natural disasters in the United States
La Conchita
Theodore Elwood "Toby" Greene (March 29, 1899 – October 2, 1967) was an American college baseball coach, most notable for leading the Oklahoma State Cowboys baseball team to the national championship in the 1959 College World Series.
Early life
Greene was born in 1899 at Humphrey, in Sullivan County, Missouri but moved with his parents to Thomas, Oklahoma in 1902. He enrolled at Phillips University in Enid, Oklahoma in 1918, where he enlisted in the Student Army Training Corps, a World War I program. Greene later became a multi-sport athlete, excelling in baseball and football for the Haymakers. He graduated from Phillips in 1924 after playing alongside future New York Giants coach Steve Owen.
Coaching career
Greene began his coaching career in 1924 as a baseball coach at Sayre High School in Sayre, Oklahoma. He remained there for two years before moving to Bartlesville High School in Bartlesville, Oklahoma for one year. He then became all-sports coach at Phillips.
He later coached at Oklahoma City University before becoming a football assistant at Oklahoma A&M in 1939. In 1942, he added head baseball coach to his duties. Greene coached the team for 22 seasons, only one of which saw a record below .500. Greene earned seven district championships and 8 conference titles to go with his national championship in 1959.
Death
Greene died on October 3, 1967, at his home in Stillwater, Oklahoma.
Head coaching record
College football
College baseball
The following table depicts Greene's record as a head coach.
References
External links
1899 births
1967 deaths
Oklahoma City Chiefs football coaches
Oklahoma City Stars baseball coaches
Oklahoma City Stars men's basketball coaches
Oklahoma State Cowboys baseball coaches
Oklahoma State Cowboys football coaches
Phillips Haymakers baseball coaches
Phillips Haymakers baseball players
Phillips Haymakers football coaches
Phillips Haymakers football players
High school baseball coaches in the United States
High school football coaches in Oklahoma
People from Sullivan County, Missouri
Coaches of American football from Oklahoma
Players of American football from Oklahoma
Baseball coaches from Oklahoma
Baseball players from Oklahoma
Basketball coaches from Oklahoma
The 2016 Big Sky Conference Softball tournament will be held at Wildcat Softball Field on the campus of the Weber State University in Ogden, UT from May 12 through May 14, 2016. The tournament winner will earn the Big Sky Conference's automatic bid to the 2016 NCAA Division I Softball Tournament. This is the first time the tournament will feature six teams. All games will be streamed online by Watch Big Sky with Jon Oglesby on the call.
Tournament
All times listed are Mountain Daylight Time.
References
Big Sky Conference Softball Tournament
Big Sky
Carlo Caccia Dominioni (1802–1866) was an Italian prelate, who become auxiliary bishop of Milan.
Life
Born in Milan in the noble family of Caccia Dominioni he entered in 1812 in the seminary of Milan, then in 1826 he was ordained a priest. In 1853 he was named member of the archdiocesan Chapter and two years later he was named auxiliary bishop of Milan and titular bishop of Famagosta. In 1859 archbishop Romilli died and the chapter of the cathedral named Caccia Dominioni as diocesan administrator during the vacancy of the see. For the succession to archbishop Romilli, Caccia Dominioni was one of the candidates but pope Pius IX chose with the advice of Austrian Emperator the more conservative Paolo Angelo Ballerini the vicar of archbishop Romilli.
Soon after the death of archbishop Romilli the Austrian Empire was defeated in the Second Italian War of Independence and the new Italian government refused to recognize Ballerini as archbishop of Milan, so Caccia Dominioni was forced to assume the duty of archbishop of Milan. The events of the years 1859 and 1860 stiffened Caccia Dominioni who refused to celebrate a Te Deum for the birth of Italy, in reaction for this decision many clergy of the archdiocese together with many lay people forced Caccia Dominioni to escape in his family residence in Cornate d'Adda and later in Monza. He was later deported to Turin and sentenced by the Italian authorities to spend time in jail that he never served, and he wasn't allowed to come back to Milan.
He died in Cornate d'Adda in 1866.
References
1802 births
1866 deaths
19th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops of Milan
The 1985–86 SM-liiga season was the 11th season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland. 10 teams participated in the league, and Tappara Tampere won the championship.
Standings
Playoffs
Semifinals
Tappara - Kärpät 3:0 (8:0, 5:2, 4:3)
HIFK - TPS 3:2 (5:4, 1:3, 2:5, 3:2, 3:2)
3rd place
Kärpät - TPS 2:0 (4:3, 7:3)
Final
Tappara - HIFK 4:1 (7:6, 0:1, 3:2, 6:2, 3:1)
Relegation
External links
SM-liiga official website
1985–86 in Finnish ice hockey
Fin
Liiga seasons
İlker Kızmaz (born 9 September 1975) is a Turkish actor.
Early life
İlker Kızmaz was born and raised in İzmir. As he became interested in acting, he started appearing on stage in his hometown. He later graduated from Anadolu University School of Communication. In 2004, he moved to Istanbul and began his education in acting at the Ekol Drama Art House and later enrolled in Bahçeşehir University, where he took acting courses.
Career
Kızmaz made his television debut in 2002 by appearing in minor roles in the TV series Aslı ile Kerem, Yeter Anne and Candan Öte. He also took part in a number of commercials during those years. Between 2008–2010, he portrayed the character of Nihat Önal on Kanal D drama series Aşk-ı Memnu. The series was both a national and international success and marked the breakthrough his career.
In 2009, he made his cinematic debut with a role in the movie Nefes: Vatan Sağolsun, directed by Levent Semerci. The movie won various national awards.
In 2012, he had a leading role in the historical drama movie Çanakkale 1915, in which he portrayed the character of Yarbay Mustafa Kemal. In 2014, he joined the cast of TRT 1 series Yedi Güzel Adam, playing the role of Kenan. In the same year, he shared the leading role with Mete Horozoğlu, Ayça Bingöl and Ekin Koç on the TV series Benim Adım Gültepe.
Personal life
Kızmaz married Aslı Türkel, his costar from Nefes: Vatan Sağolsun, on 16 June 2014. Their daughter, Naz, was born in June 2016.
Filmography
References
External links
Turkish male film actors
Turkish male television actors
Turkish male stage actors
1975 births
Living people
The National Association of NGOs (NANGO) is an umbrella organisation of over 1000 NGOs in Zimbabwe established in 1962. NANGO is committed to “strengthen, represent and coordinate the work of NGOs in Zimbabwe by creating space, promoting networking, dialogue and engagement to enable the fulfilment of members' visions and missions”. NANGOs vision is “a proactive community of NGOs responsive and committed to the sustainable development needs of all people in Zimbabwe and the full realisation of human rights, democracy, good governance and poverty alleviation.”
External links
NANGO website
NANGO: Zimbabwean civil society must stand together and pressurize the government, interview with NANGO's chief executive officer.
Interview with the NANGO Programmes Director on the Constitution Making Process
Notes and references
Organisations based in Zimbabwe
The Ilseder Hütte is a former ironworks in Ilsede (district of Peine) in Lower Saxony, Germany
History
Funded by the bank Ephraim Meyer & Sohn Carl Hostmann founded an Ironworks based on supposed both coal- and orefields in this area. Though there were then found no sufficient coal fields, the company, named "Bergbau und Hüttengesellschaft zu Peine" was established in 1853. This company ended in insolvency during an economical crisis in 1858.
Under Fritz Hurtzig and Carl Haarmann on September 6, 1858 the "Aktiengesellschaft Ilseder Hütte" was taking over the assets, and in 1861 the production started. Despite the site's unfavorable geographical situation, the factory prospered and rapidly expanded its business.
In the era of the German Empire, the company became a major player in Germany's coal and steel industry. In 1872 a rolling mill was added and in 1879 a third blast furnace started work.
In 1928 the Ilseder Hütte took a 10 billion US-$ loan from the National City Bank of New York.
In 1929 the opening of the Mittelland Canal reduced the transport's costs.
World War II caused no damage and the company expanded up to 1970s economic crisis.
Mergers
In 1970 the company merged with the state-owned Salzgitter AG. The ore mining ended in 1978 and in 1983 the last blast furnace was shut down.
In 1989 the company became part of Preussag Preussag stopped in 1995 the remaining productive parts such as coking plant, power plant and by-products.
The area became an industrial park. The blowing engine building is in use for various events whereas the steam production building was torn down in spring 2010.
See also
Zollverein Coal Mine Industrial Complex
Dillinger Hütte
Literature
Notes
References
External links
This article is a translation from the German Wikipedia. The version used can be found under the following link: , The original authors of the German-language version can be found here . German-language version can be found here .
Steel companies of Germany
Companies established in 1858
Companies disestablished in 1970
Nicolas Pavillon (1597 at Paris – 1677 at Alet) was a French bishop of Alet and Jansenist. His attitude against Pope Alexander VII won him the admiration of Port-Royal. Alet became the "Mecca" of the Jansenists. His nephew was the writer Étienne Pavillon.
Life
He joined the community of St-Lazare, founded by Vincent de Paul, and, for a time, devoted himself to charities and preaching. His zeal and eloquence caused Richelieu to appoint him to the See of Alet. The thirty-seven years of his episcopate were filled with ceaseless labours for the religious and moral improvement of his diocese; visitation of parishes, holding of synods, and foundation of schools.
He opposed pope and king. He was one of the four bishops who refused to sign the formulary imposed by Alexander VII, on the plea that the pope cannot pronounce on facts but only on rights. When Louis XIV commanded submission to the papal order, Pavillon in Lettre au roi" (1664) declined to recognize his interference. The royal attempt at extending to all the provinces of France the so-called droit de regale found in Pavillon a sturdy opponent. He spurned royal threats and ecclesiastical censures and appealed to the pope against both the King of France and the Metropolitan of Narbonne.
From the data of a contemporary pamphlet (Factum de Messire Vincent Ragot, Paris, 1766) Toreilles shows the effects of Jansenist principles on every branch of Pavillon's diocesan administration and on his relations with the nobility, the clergy, the regulars, and the peasantry.
Works
He wrote Rituel d'Alet (Paris, 1666), condemned by Pope Clement IX, and Ordonnances et status synodaux (Paris, 1675).
References
Paris, Vie de M. Pavillon (Paris, 1738)
Ste-Beuve, Port-Royal (Paris, 1900), index, s. v.
Marion, Histoire de l'Église, III (Paris, 1908), 369
Toreilles, "Nicolas Pavillon" in Revue du Clergé français (Oct. 1902)
External links
Catholic Encyclopedia source
1597 births
1677 deaths
Clergy from Paris
Bishops of Alet
Jansenists
A footlocker is a cuboid container used by soldiers or other military personnel to store their belongings. They are known as footlockers because they are a type of locker which is usually located at the foot of a soldier's bunk or bed. The term "footlocker" is currently used in recruit training in the United States Marine Corps.
United States
Plywood footlockers are a common type of footlocker used by the U.S. Army. They generally follow similar size and designs, undergoing only minor cosmetic changes in color and materials (from plywood to plywood, depending on war material needs and/or desire to reduce weight and cost of manufacture and cost of shipping). The corners are reinforced with straps of metal riveted to the locker, and had thick wooden handles on both sides for lifting by hand. After World War II, the protruding wooden handles were replaced with collapsible metal ones, so that each footlocker occupied less space and could be packed tighter for transportation. Each footlocker came with an internal (or thinner) plywood tray which could store some of the smaller items used by a soldier, and the larger items were kept below the tray.
Crate footlockers were cruder than plywood footlockers in that they were either made out of old ammo and packing crates, or followed similar packing-crate designs for simplicity and expediency of manufacture.
Officer footlockers were noticeably different (especially during the World War II era) and issued to officers and some non-commissioned officers who were lucky enough to be issued or re-issued them. They were built better than the other two designs, with metal strapping along all of the corners and edges and leather handles on both sides. They were also made from better materials, stronger latches, and had fancier locks. Usually, officers were permitted to have custom drawings displayed on the outside of their footlockers.
Most footlockers are made of plywood, but starting in World War II some footlockers were made out of a form of cardboard, which evolved into pressboard, covered with adhesive paper. Such materials were used to reduce cost of manufacture, although the materials also reduced durability when exposed to water and/or humidity.
Depending on the nature of the troop movement, footlockers would be shipped when the military unit was deployed to a base. However, if the unit was simply on a training assignment, the footlockers would remain at the training barracks and each soldier would either be issued or procure his own footlocker for transporting his possessions. The soldier's name would be stencilled on the outside, along with his APO address.
Modern footlockers are used today in military installations and military academies. Sometimes referred to as trunks, the use of footlockers in the military has decreased over the years. Their largest military user is the United States Military Academy.
Luggage
United States Army equipment
CleanMail may refer to:
RM4SCC a barcode symbology used by the Royal Mail
CleanMail Antispam an antispam filter software from Byteplant, available in freeware and commercial editions.
Papilio birchallii is a species of Neotropical swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Colombia, Panama and Costa Rica.
Description
Male: body black, claspers usually with pale yellow spot. Forewing above with 2 rows of spots before the margin; the anterior spots of the proximal row more or less indistinct; hindwing with broad discal band and a row of submarginal spots; the markings for the most part greenish; tooth of the 3. radial only a little more projecting than the other marginal teeth. Beneath the forewing has a cell-spot, an oblique row of discal spots and a row of submarginal spots abbreviated anteriorly; on the hindwing is a discal and a submarginal row of red spots, the middle discal spots small, the last one large and yellowish
white. In the female the markings of the upperside are more bluish and the discal band of the hindwing is very broad.
Biology
The larvae feed on Hernandia didymanthera.
Subspecies
Papilio birchallii birchallii (Colombia)
Papilio birchallii bryki Strand, 1930 (Panama, Costa Rica)
References
birchallii
Butterflies described in 1863
Papilionidae of South America
Taxa named by William Chapman Hewitson
Brot af Sigurðarkviðu is the remaining 22 stanzas of a heroic Old Norse poem in the Poetic Edda. In the Codex Regius, there is a gap of eight leaves where the first part of the poem would have been found, and also the last part of the Sigrdrífumál. The missing narrative is preserved in the Völsunga saga in prose form with four stanzas of poetry. According to Henry Adams Bellows, the original size of the poem should have been more than 250 stanzas.
References
Fragment of a Sigurth Lay Henry Adams Bellows' translation and commentary
Fragments of the Lay of Sigurd and Brynhild Benjamin Thorpe's translation, at Google Books
The (old) Lay of Sigurd Translated by William Morris and Eiríkr Magnússon.
Brot af Sigurðarkviðu Sophus Bugge's edition of the manuscript text
Sigurðarkviða in meiri (Brot af Sigurðarkviðu) Guðni Jónsson's edition with normalized spelling
Nibelung tradition
Eddic poetry
Sources of Norse mythology
An Qi () (born 21 June 1981) is a Chinese former international association football goalkeeper. He represented Guangzhou Matsunichi, Dalian Shide, Dalian Changbo, Xiamen Blue Lions and Changchun Yatai while internationally he participated for the Chinese national team that took part in the 2002 FIFA World Cup, however he did not feature in any of the games.
Club career
An Qi originally started his senior career with Guangzhou Matsunichi before he was called up to the Chinese U20 team that took part in the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship. After the tournament he was considered one of the most promising young goalkeepers within China and had already drawn the interests of reigning Chinese league champions Dalian Shide where he established himself as their first-choice goalkeeper within the 2002 league season, in time to also be called up to the Chinese football team for the 2002 FIFA World Cup. After several seasons with Dalian Shide, An Qi's position would come into question when on April 9, 2003 the club lost 4-2 to Al Ain FC in a 2002–03 AFC Champions League semi-final match, which saw An Qi have a personally disappointing game. Throughout the rest of the campaign he would have to fight for his position against Song Zhenyu until the club brought in Vladimir Petrović as their new manager who decided to drop An Qi from the squad.
An Qi went on loan to second-tier side Dalian Changbo to help revive his career at the beginning of the 2005 league season, however he had a disastrous competitive debut when his club lost 9-0 to Changchun Yatai on March 5, 2005, in the team's opening league game of the campaign. Despite his disappointing start with his new club An Qi kept his place within the team and started to showcase his penalty scoring abilities when he was designated the spot-kick taker in a league game against Shanghai The 9 on June 11 in a 1-1 draw. After another spot-kick goal against Changchun Yatai on July 2 in a 2-1 defeat, An Qi was able to play at the highest level of Chinese football once again when top-tier side Xiamen Blue Lions decided to sign him and make him their first choice goalkeeper at the beginning of the 2006 season. After two seasons with the team the club would be relegated from the Chinese Super League and decide to disband in a disappointing 2007 league season. Without a club, An Qi moved to reigning league champions Changchun Yatai where he played understudy to Zong Lei; however, before he could challenge for the goalkeeper position he suffered a knee ligament break. He went to Belgium to receive surgery, causing him to miss the entire 2008 league season. An Qi made his debut for Changchun Yatai in a league game against Shenzhen Asia Travel on 12 September 2009 in a 4–0 defeat.
International career
An Qi was called up to the Chinese U20 team that played in the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship as the starting goalkeeper for the team, which finished in the last 16. After the tournament the Chinese manager Bora Milutinović decided to hand An Qi his senior debut in a friendly against Trinidad and Tobago on August 5, 2001 where he came on as a substitute for Jiang Jin in a 3-0 victory. After the friendly Bora Milutinović gave An Qi his competitive debut against Uzbekistan in a 2002 FIFA World Cup qualification game on September 15, 2001 that China won 2-0. After several further appearances Bora Milutinović decided to include him in the Chinese national squad that played during the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Personal life
On August 14, 2005 An Qi was arrested in suspicion of rape after a night out drinking with his teammates. A woman accused him of rape at his hotel after the police responded to an alarm. After several hours of questioning the police released An Qi after there was a lack of evidence.
Honours
Dalian Shide
Chinese Jia-A League: 2000, 2001, 2002
Chinese FA Cup: 2001
References
External links
Player profiles at Sodasoccer.com
1981 births
Living people
Association football goalkeepers
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Dalian
China international footballers
2002 FIFA World Cup players
Dalian Shide F.C. players
Xiamen Blue Lions players
Changchun Yatai F.C. players
Chinese Super League players
China League One player
Footballers at the 2002 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for China
Hubert Hutsebaut (born 24 June 1947) is a Belgian former professional racing cyclist. He won the E3 Harelbeke in 1972.
References
External links
1947 births
Living people
Belgian male cyclists
Cyclists from West Flanders
People from Lendelede
Jauca 2 is a barrio in the municipality of Santa Isabel, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 4,554.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Jauca 2 and Jauca 1 barrios was 1,553.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Santa Isabel, Puerto Rico
Pseudatteria symplacota is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Ecuador and Peru.
The species varies in the size and shape of the marginal spots of the forewings. The number and size of the discoidal spots are inconstant. On the hindwings of the females, only the terminal and subterminal spots are present. The males also have some additional spots and oblique streaks in the discoidal area.
References
Moths described in 1930
Pseudatteria
Kilcullane () is a civil parish and townland located in County Limerick, Ireland. The civil parish is in the barony of Smallcounty. It is located in east County Limerick near the village of Bruff. The north-eastern part of the parish borders the parish of Ballinard.
Ecclesiastical parish
Like all civil parishes, this civil parish is derived from, and co-extensive with a pre-existing Church of Ireland parish of the same name in the diocese of Cashel and Emly. According to Lewis' Topography of Ireland (1837), the Medieval church located in the townland of Kilcullane was recorded as being in ruins.
In the Catholic Church, the civil parish forms part of the ecclesiastical parish of "Herbertstown and Hospital" located at the western edge of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cashel and Emly. There are two church buildings in the parish: the Sacred Heart Church, Herbertstown;National Inventory of Architectural Heritage - Sacred Heart Roman Catholic Church, BALLINARD, Register number 21903224 St. John The Baptist, Hospital.
Townlands
There are five townlands in the parish:
Ballinscoola which constitutes 265 acres and is bounded to the west by the River Camogue
Herbertstown (O'Grady) which constitutes 163 acres and forms the western side of the village of Herbertstown.
Herbertstown (Powell) which constitutes 163 acres and forms the southern edge of the village of Herbertstown.
Kilcullane which constitutes 724 acres and contains Kilcullane House alongside the ruins of a church and a castle.
Gortnaskagh which constitutes 72 acres and contained Gortnaskagh Lodge.
References
From
Other:
Civil parishes of County Limerick
La Chiquinquirá Church () is a church in Maracaibo, Venezuela. The feast day of the church is November 18. Annually on this day many thousands of people gather around the church.
References
18th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Venezuela
Buildings and structures in Maracaibo
Basilica churches in Venezuela
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1770
1770 establishments in the Spanish Empire
Greenwood County (county code GW) is a county located in the southeast portion of the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 6,016. Its county seat and most populous city is Eureka.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1855, Greenwood County was established, and named for Alfred B. Greenwood, a U.S. Congressman from Arkansas.
The first railroad in Greenwood County was built through that territory in 1879.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.8%) is water. It is the fifth-largest county in Kansas by area.
Adjacent counties
Lyon County (north)
Coffey County (northeast)
Woodson County (east)
Wilson County (southeast)
Elk County (south)
Butler County (west)
Chase County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the 2000 census, there were 7,673 people, 3,234 households, and 2,153 families residing in the county. The population density was 7 people per square mile (3/km2). There were 4,273 housing units at an average density of 4 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.53% White, 0.83% Native American, 0.14% Black or African American, 0.10% Asian, 0.81% from other races, and 1.58% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.72% of the population.
There were 3,234 households, out of which 27.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.50% were married couples living together, 6.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.40% were non-families. 30.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.86.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.70% under the age of 18, 6.50% from 18 to 24, 23.20% from 25 to 44, 23.70% from 45 to 64, and 22.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females there were 95.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,169, and the median income for a family was $38,140. Males had a median income of $27,021 versus $19,356 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,976. About 8.20% of families and 12.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.20% of those under age 18 and 10.10% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Greenwood county is often carried by Republican Candidates. The last time a Democratic candidate has carried this county was in 1936 by Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Presidential elections
Laws
Greenwood County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement.
The county narrowly voted "No" on the 2022 Kansas Value Them Both Amendment, an anti-abortion ballot measure, by 50.16% to 48.84% despite backing Donald Trump with 79% of the vote to Joe Biden's 18% in the 2020 presidential election.
Education
Unified school districts
Madison–Virgil USD 386
Eureka USD 389
Hamilton USD 390
School district office in neighboring county
West Elk USD 282 (serving Severy and extreme southern GW county)
Communities
Cities
Climax
Eureka
Fall River
Hamilton
Madison
Severy
Virgil
Unincorporated communities
Lamont
Neal
Piedmont
Quincy
Reece
Tonovay
Ghost towns
Blodgett
Ivanpah
Kenbro
Lapland
Sallyards
Teeterville
Thrall
Utopia
Townships
Greenwood County is divided into fifteen townships. The city of Eureka is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Greenwood County, Kansas
References
Notes
Further reading
Handbook of Greenwood County, Kansas; C.S. Burch Publishing Co; 37 pages; 1880s.
Standard Atlas of Greenwood County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 78 pages; 1922.
Plat Book of Greenwood County, Kansas; North West Publishing Co; 58 pages; 1903.
Handbook of Greenwood County, Kansas; C. S. Burch Publishing Co; 37 pages; 1880 to 1890.
External links
County
Greenwood County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Greenwood County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1855 establishments in Kansas Territory
Troy Lenard Sneed Jr. (December 14, 1967 – April 27, 2020) was an American gospel singer, songwriter, and musician.
Early life
Sneed was born on December 14, 1967, in Perry, Florida, and played football while in college at Florida A&M University. He had an injury on the field that put an end to his playing days. He would join the choir at the university, and after graduating he was a teacher at Jax Beach Elementary School in Jacksonville, Florida. Milton Biggham, with Savoy Records, asked him to come lead the Georgia Mass Choir, in Atlanta, Georgia, as an assistant music minister.
Music career
Sneed's music career began in 1999, with the release of Call Jesus on March 23, 1999, by Malaco Records, but this album would not chart. His subsequent album, Bless That Wonderful Name, was released by Savoy Records in 2001, yet this did not chart. The third album was released by his own record label imprint Emtro Gospel on February 22, 2005, A State of Worship, and it was his breakthrough release on Billboard magazine Gospel Albums chart at No. 22. He released, In His Presence, on October 10, 2006 by his label, which charted at No. 44 on the aforementioned chart. His fifth album, In Due Season, was released by his record label on August 25, 2009, however it was not successfully charted. The subsequent album, My Heart Says Yes, released on May 10, 2011 by Emtro Gospel, and this one would peak at No. 5 on the Gospel Albums chart. He released his seventh album on August 7, 2012, All Is Well, and this charted at No. 9 on the aforementioned chart.
Personal life
Sneed married Emily Frances Ianson on July 2, 1993, and together they resided in Jacksonville, Florida, with their children.
Death
Sneed died of complications from COVID-19 on April 27, 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic in Florida.
Discography
References
1967 births
2020 deaths
African-American male songwriters
African-American Christians
Musicians from Atlanta
Musicians from Jacksonville, Florida
Songwriters from Florida
Songwriters from Georgia (U.S. state)
People from Perry, Florida
Players of American football from Florida
Florida A&M Rattlers football players
Singers from Georgia (U.S. state)
Singers from Florida
20th-century African-American male singers
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Florida
21st-century African-American male singers
Pilodeudorix is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. They are found in the Afrotropical realm.
Species
Pilodeudorix anetia (Hulstaert, 1924)
Pilodeudorix angelita (Suffert, 1904)
Pilodeudorix ankoleensis (Stempffer, 1953)
Pilodeudorix aruma (Hewitson, 1873)
Pilodeudorix aucta (Karsch, 1895)
Pilodeudorix aurivilliusi (Stempffer, 1954)
Pilodeudorix azurea (Stempffer, 1964)
Pilodeudorix baginei (Collins & Larsen, 1991)
Pilodeudorix bemba (Neave, 1910)
Pilodeudorix caerulea (Druce, 1890)
Pilodeudorix camerona (Plötz, 1880)
Pilodeudorix canescens (Joicey & Talbot, 1921)
Pilodeudorix catalla (Karsch, 1895)
Pilodeudorix catori (Bethune-Baker, 1903)
Pilodeudorix congoana (Schultze & Aurivillius, 1923)
Pilodeudorix corruscans (Aurivillius, 1898)
Pilodeudorix deritas (Hewitson, 1874)
Pilodeudorix diyllus (Hewitson, 1878)
Pilodeudorix ducarmei (Collins & Larsen, 1998)
Pilodeudorix elealodes (Bethune-Baker, 1908)
Pilodeudorix fumata (Stempffer, 1954)
Pilodeudorix hamidou Libert, 2004
Pilodeudorix hugoi Libert, 2004
Pilodeudorix infuscata (Stempffer, 1964)
Pilodeudorix kafuensis (Neave, 1910)
Pilodeudorix kallipygos (Birket-Smith, 1960)
Pilodeudorix kedassa (Druce, 1910)
Pilodeudorix kiellandi (Congdon & Collins, 1998)
Pilodeudorix kohli (Aurivillius, 1921)
Pilodeudorix laticlavia (Clench, 1965)
Pilodeudorix leonina (Bethune-Baker, 1904)
Pilodeudorix mera (Hewitson, 1873)
Pilodeudorix mimeta (Karsch, 1895)
Pilodeudorix nirmo (Clench, 1965)
Pilodeudorix nyanzana (Stempffer, 1957)
Pilodeudorix obscurata (Trimen, 1891)
Pilodeudorix otraeda (Hewitson, 1863)
Pilodeudorix pasteon (Druce, 1910)
Pilodeudorix pseudoderitas (Stempffer, 1964)
Pilodeudorix rodgersi Kielland, 1985
Pilodeudorix sadeska (Clench, 1965)
Pilodeudorix tenuivittata (Stempffer, 1951)
Pilodeudorix ula (Karsch, 1895)
Pilodeudorix violetta (Aurivillius, 1898)
Pilodeudorix virgata (Druce, 1891)
Pilodeudorix zela (Hewitson, 1869)
Pilodeudorix zeloides (Butler, 1901)
Pilodeudorix zelomina (Rebel, 1914)
External links
"Pilodeudorix Druce, 1891" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms
Deudorigini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Hamilton Herbert Druce
Sindh Qalanders is the domestic field hockey team for the Sindh in Pakistan. It is part of the Pakistan Hockey Federation.
References
Pakistani field hockey clubs
Sport in Sindh
is a vertical scrolling shooter video game developed and published by T&E Soft for the Nintendo Game Boy exclusively in Japan on December 18, 1992.
Story
Sometime in the 21st century, humanity leaves Earth for Mars due to a legacy of environmental pollution on their home planet. Nobody inhabited the Earth until a group of super-intelligent robots from another galaxy suddenly took over. They have changed the once-proud planet into something that they can inhabit on. An impromptu liberation army was set up to save the planet from the robots; who somehow got rid of the pollution on Earth.
Gameplay
The gameplay is done in a style similar to Gradius and R-Type.
Players proceed through the game; shooting enemies while dodging obstacles and collecting power-ups for their shooting weapons. The game uses the basic configuration for the ship's control; with one button doing the shooting. As a complex scrolling shooter, this game attempts to emulate multiple dimensions using the limitations of the Game Boy console. The parallax backgrounds and elaborate detailing in the sprites help to create a unique Game Boy experience; any distinctions between the scenery and the bad guys are clearly shown through different shades of the same color.
A higher degree of difficulty exists in this game as opposed to most Game Boy scrolling shooters of that era. Timing is essential to clearing most stages and for defeating the end-level bosses.
There are five levels in the game. While the first four levels can be freely chosen, the fifth level in the game is unlocked after finishing the first four levels.
Video gaming website Blame the Control Pad praises Chikyū Kaihō Gun ZAS for its innovative gameplay along with its integrated levels and player-friendly control scheme.
Credits
Tadashi Nakatsuji (Director, Sub Program, Sound Effects)
M. Nagashima (Main Program)
M. Takahashi (Main Designer)
T. Ishida, S. Nishimura (Sub Designers)
Yumi Kinoshita, Shigekazu Kamaki (Music)
See also
Chikyū
SolarStriker
References
External links
Chikyū Kaihō Gun ZAS (review by Chris Covell)
Chikyū Kaihō Gun ZAS at Giant Bomb
Chikyū Kaihō Gun ZAS at GameFAQs
1992 video games
Game Boy-only games
Japan-exclusive video games
Science fiction video games
Scrolling shooters
T&E Soft games
Video games set in the 21st century
Game Boy games
Video games developed in Japan
The Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot (FWAB) is a write-in ballot for use by overseas American citizens. Under the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act, the ballot was created for citizens who "have made a timely application for but have not received their regular ballot from the state or territory, subject to certain conditions." Parts of the act are administered by the Federal Voting Assistance Program.
See also
Absentee ballot
References
External links
Official Federal Voting Assistance Program website
Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot info page for citizens on the FVAP's website
Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot info page for uniformed service members on the FVAP's website
A PDF download of the Federal Write-In Absentee Ballot from the FVAP website
Elections in the United States
Fieldsboro is an unincorporated community in New Castle County, Delaware, United States. Fieldsboro is located at the intersection of U.S. Route 13 and Fieldsboro Road, south of Odessa.
History
Fieldsboro's population was 60 in 1890.
References
Unincorporated communities in New Castle County, Delaware
Unincorporated communities in Delaware
Mark Knowles and Daniel Nestor were the defending champions but lost in the first round to Nicolas Kiefer and Wesley Moodie.
Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan won in the final 6–3, 6–4 against Jeff Coetzee and Chris Haggard.
Seeds
Bob Bryan / Mike Bryan (champions)
Mark Knowles / Daniel Nestor (first round)
Scott Humphries / Mark Merklein (first round)
Robbie Koenig / Rick Leach (first round)
Draw
References
2004 Kroger St. Jude International Doubles Draw
2004 Kroger St. Jude International and the Cellular South Cup
Doubles
The men's 1500 m race of the 2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships was held on 10 March at 15:30 local time.
Results
References
2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships
J. C. Chan may refer to:
Jean Chan-Chiang, Canadian sledge hockey player
Jaycee Chan, American-Hong Kong actor and singer
John Isner was the defending champion, but decided not to compete this year.
Somdev Devvarman won the tournament, defeating Robert Kendrick in the final, 6–3, 6–3.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main draw
Qualifying draw
Fifth Third Bank Tennis Championships - Men's Singles
2008 MS
The 2021–22 season was the 129th season in the existence of Genoa C.F.C. and the club's 15th consecutive season in the top flight of Italian football. In addition to the domestic league, Genoa participated in this season's edition of the Coppa Italia.
Players
First-team squad
Other players under contract
Out on loan
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Serie A
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 14 July 2021.
Coppa Italia
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season
References
Genoa C.F.C. seasons
Genoa
This is a list of Nirvana in Fire episodes. The series originally aired in 2 episodes daily on Beijing TV and Dragon TV, Monday through Sunday from 19:30 to 21:00. It premiered on September 19, 2015, and aired its finale on October 15, 2015. Nirvana in Fire tells the story of Lin Shu, or his alias Mei Changsu, who stirs the political pot in Jin Ling, with an ultimate goal to bring justice to his family and 70,000 Chiyan soldiers who were labeled traitors twelve years before.
Note: For viewer ratings, the number on top is the audience share on Dragon TV, while the number in the bottom is of Beijing TV.
Episodes
Ep 1-10
Ep 11-20
Ep 21-30
Ep 31-40
Ep 41-50
Ep 51-54
References
External links
Lists of Chinese drama television series episodes
Episodes
Television episodes set in China
The Kartalab Khan Mosque or Begum Bazar Mosque, in the Begum Bazar area in old Dhaka, Bangladesh, was built by Nawab Diwan Murshid Quli Khan (alias Kartalab Khan) in 1701–04. It is beside the modern jail of the city. The mosque consists of a high valuated platform, a mosque with a 'dochala' annex on the north upon the western half of the platform and a 'baoli' (stepped well) to the east of the platform. Unlike the three-domed mosques at Lalbagh Fort and the Khan Mohammad Mridha Mosque, it is roofed by five bulbous domes resting on octagonal drums. The whole mosque was once reconstructed by the Jamider of Dhaka, Mirza Golam Pir. In accordance with Murshid Quli Khan's wishes, he was buried under the entrance to this mosque.
History
Kartalab Khan was appointed as Diwan (revenue administrator) of Bengal by Emperor Aurangazeb, when Azim-ush-Shan was Viceroy. His original name was Murshid Quli Khan but he earned the title of Kartalab Khan from Emperor Aurangazwb for his efficiency in revenue administration. After coming to Bengal he erected a mosque at Dhaka, known after his name.
Murshid Khuli Khan transferred the headquarters of the revenue administration from Dhaka to Mukshusabad, later renamed Murshidabad in the year A.D. 1704 when a tussle started with the Subedar.
The mosque is undoubtedly one of the most impressive Mughal structures of Dhaka, having been built on a high platform called 'tahkhana'. Underneath the platform there is a series of rectangular rooms that are let out to shopkeepers. A kitchen market was built to meet the expenses of the mosque.
In 1777, the control of the market was taken over by Begum daughter of the then Naib-e-Nazim Sharfaraz Khan. The name of the locality ‘Begumbazar' and the masjid originate from her name. The 'Baoli', the only known example of its kind in Bengal, is considered to be of North Indian or Deccan origin, the latter possibility being more likely since its builder had been in Deccen before coming to Dhaka.
Architectural value
As stated by Dani,
See also
List of mosques in Bangladesh
Bibliography
Mamoon, Muntasir. (1993). Dhaka-Smriti Bismritir Nogori. Dhaka: Anannya. (Page-182-183)
Rahman, Mahbubur, The city of an architect
MA Bari, Kartalab Khan Mosque in Banglapedia
References
Mosques in Dhaka
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1704
1704 establishments in Asia
Justice Hornblower or Judge Hornblower or variant, may refer to:
Joseph Coerten Hornblower, chief justice of the New Jersey Supreme Court
William B. Hornblower, judge of the New York Court of Appeals
See also
Hornblower (surname)
Hornblower (disambiguation)
Justice (disambiguation)
Judge (disambiguation)
The 12492 / 12491 Jammu Tawi–Barauni Maur Dhawaj Express is a Express train belonging to Indian Railways – Northern Railway zone that runs between and in India.
It operates as train number 12492 from Jammu Tawi to Barauni Junction and as train number 12491 in the reverse direction, serving the 6 states of Jammu and Kashmir, Punjab, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand and Bihar.
Routeing
The 12492 / 91 Jammu Tawi–Barauni Maur Dhawaj Express runs from Jammu Tawi via , , , , , , Shahjehanpur, Sitapur, Gonda Junction, , Chhapra, to Barauni Junction.
Traction
As the route is electrified, a Ghaziabad-based WAP-4 locomotive powers the train for its entire journey.
See also
Jammu Tawi railway station
Kanpur Central–Jammu Tawi Superfast Express
Muri Express
References
http://www.holidayiq.com/railways/maur-dhwaj-express-12492-train.html
External links
Transport in Muzaffarpur
Named passenger trains of India
Rail transport in Jammu and Kashmir
Rail transport in Punjab, India
Rail transport in Haryana
Rail transport in Uttar Pradesh
Rail transport in Uttarakhand
Rail transport in Bihar
Transport in Jammu
Express trains in India
Gautami Tadimalla (born 2 July 1969), known mononymously as Gautami, is an Indian actress and politician who has worked mainly in Tamil and Telugu, in addition to Malayalam, Hindi, and Kannada films. She was one of the leading South Indian actresses from 1987 to 1998. She is also a television actress, television host, the founder of Life Again Foundation, and a costume designer.
Personal life
Gautami was born in Nidadavole, Andhra Pradesh to T. R. Seshagiri Rao and Vasundhara Devi. Her father was a pioneering radiation oncologist and her mother was a pathologist and diagnostician. Gautami attended Bishop Cotton Girls' School, Bangalore.
Gautami married Sandeep Bhatia, a businessman, in 1998, and the couple have a daughter, Subbulakshmi born in 1999. They later got divorced in 1999.
Gautami was in a relationship with actor Kamal Haasan from 2004 till 2016. In 2016, Gautami had announced on her blog that she had ended her relationship with him. Gautami wrote on her blog: "It is heartbreaking for me to have to say today that I and Mr. Haasan are no longer together. After almost 13 years together, it has been one of the most devastating decisions that I have ever had to make in my life".
She was diagnosed with breast cancer at the age of 35, and had recovered later.
Film career
She was introduced to Tamil film industry through Guru Shishyan (1988), a film that starred Rajinikanth and Prabhu. She was most active in Tamil cinema from 1987 to 1998 and was a tough competitor to the other heroines of her time, Khushbu, Revathy, Amala and Bhanupriya. Gautami went to GITAM University in Visakhapatnam to pursue engineering. Gautami made her debut in Telugu with the film Dayamayudu (1987). that was produced by her cousin. She then appeared in films like Srinivasa Kalyanam with Venkatesh and Bhanupriya.. Her notable performances in Malayalam films include His Highness Abdullah (1990) with Mohanlal, Daddy (1992) with Arvind Swami, Dhruvam (1993) with Mammootty and Ayalathe Adheham (1993) with Jayaram. Her role in Sukrutham (1994) was penned by the writer M. T. Vasudevan Nair. She has acted also in Kannada films Elu Suttina Kote (1987), Chikkejamanru (1992), Cheluva (1997), and in the Hindi movies, Pyar Hua Chori Chori (1991), Aadmi (1993), Janta Ki Adalat (1994), Trimurti (1995), Dhaal (1997) and Haiwan (1998).. Her notable Tamil movies like Apoorva Sagodharargal (1989), Raja Chinna Roja (1989), Panakkaran (1990), Ooru Vittu Ooru Vanthu (1990), Namma Ooru Poovatha (1990), Dharma Durai (1991), Née Pathi Naan Pathi (1991), Rickshaw Mama (1992), Thevar Magan (1992), Honest Raj (1994), Nammavar (1994), Kuruthipunal (1995) as well as Mani Ratnam's Iruvar (1997). She had a good chemistry with all superstars of Tamil cinema like Kamal Haasan and Rajinikanth. She was very much content to do all glamour roles mostly with Kamal Haasan. But she was equally at ease when she was paired with R. Sarathkumar, Sathyaraj or Prabhu. She made a guest appearance in the song "Chikku Bukku Railu" with Prabhu Deva in the film Gentleman (1993). Her film Sasanam, featuring Arvind Swami, released in 2006, but it was shot in 1996. She played the lead in the Tamil serial Indira. She had hosted a talk show in Sun TV titled Anbudan. She acted in the serial Abirami which was telecast on Kalaignar TV. She made a comeback to the film industry in the late 2000s as a costume designer for films starring her partner Kamal Haasan. She won the Vijay Award for Best Costume Designer for Dasavathaaram (2008). She would go on to style several of his other films, including Vishwaroopam (2013) and Uttama Villain (2015). After sixteen years, she returned to acting, by starring in the Tamil film Papanasam (2015), in which she was paired with her real-life domestic partner, Kamal Haasan- a remake of director Jeethu Joseph's original Malayalam picture, Drishyam. In 2016, her Telugu film (after almost 20 years of absence in Telugu cinema): Manamantha (2016) with Mohanlal Viswanathan Nair and other two junior artists has garnered positive reviews alike from the audience. She made comeback to Mollywood industry after a 14-year sabbatical from acting in the horror-thriller titled E (2017) by playing the lead role. She would be seen currently in Thupparivaalan 2 directed and starring Vishal, where she'd be playing a pivotal character.
Political career
Gautami is a member of the BJP since 1997. She was BJYM vice president She joined the party in 1997 under the leadership of LK Advani. She extensively campaigned for Atal Bihari Vajpayee during that period in Andhra, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu. She took a break from politics after her daughter was born. She is back into BJP in 2017. In 2021, she was appointed as in-charge of the Rajapalayam Assembly constituency.
Charity work
Gautami founded Life Again Foundation (LAF) to help cancer patients. Life Again Foundation has conducted more than 360 motivational camps for cancer patients, cancer awareness campaigns, and food drives. It also conducts Yoga and Alternative Therapy programs. It also periodically conducts health camps to conduct tests that screen for cancer and overall health. LAF also runs 2 Mobile hospitals. It also sponsors under-privileged students for higher education. It runs Supplementary Education Centres and Vocational Training Centres.
Awards and honours
References
External links
Actresses in Telugu cinema
Actresses from Andhra Pradesh
Actresses in Tamil cinema
Indian film actresses
Indian costume designers
Actresses in Malayalam cinema
Filmfare Awards South winners
Telugu actresses
20th-century Indian actresses
21st-century Indian actresses
Actresses in Kannada cinema
People from Srikakulam
Tamil Nadu State Film Awards winners
Indian women comedians
21st-century Indian designers
21st-century Indian women artists
20th-century Indian designers
20th-century Indian women artists
Indian television actresses
Actresses in Tamil television
Actresses in Malayalam television
Actresses in Hindi cinema
1969 births
Living people
Grottole (Lucano: ) is a town and comune in the province of Matera, in the region of Basilicata in southern Italy.
Geography
The village of Grottole extends along a crest in a territory rich in waters: the Basento and Bradano rivers, the Basentello and Bilioso torrents and the smaller streams Cupolo, Rovivo and Acquaviva.
As with most old towns of the area, Grottole was strategically built on a mountain, standing 481 meters above sea level. At this altitude, the town was less susceptible to attack and also insects.
History
Human presence dates back to very ancient times, as testified by the many prehistoric caves below the present town: its Latin name was in fact Cryptulae, meaning "small grottos" in Latin.
The territory was inhabited by the Greeks between the 13th and 12th century BC, when it was part of their Metaponto colony, one of the most important in Greater Greece. In Roman times Grottole was a Municipium. After the fall of the Western Roman Empire, it was part of the medieval Principality of Salerno; in this period a castle was built. It was later ruled by many feudal families, among them the Orsini-Del Balzo and Zurlo-Pisciscelli, then from 1547 to 1639 it was under the Sancez De Luna d'Aragona, who were followed by the Caracciolo of Melissano, Spinelli of San Giorgio and finally, from 1738, the Sanseverino from Bisignano.
Records of the year 1010 show Grottole as a town with 13,000 inhabitants, but plagues and wars reduced the number to a little over 4,000 in 1133. Later records mentions about 1300 people in 1493, and 2010 in 1783.
After the explosive demographic growth of the 19th century, there was another drop in the population because of emigration; the current population is around 2,100.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Janet Mann (Jessie) (20 January 1805 – 21 April 1867) was the studio assistant of the pioneering Scottish photographers David Octavius Hill and Robert Adamson. She is "a strong candidate as the first Scottish woman photographer" and one of the first women anywhere to be involved in photography.
Early life
Mann was born on 20 January 1805, in Perth, Scotland, the daughter of Alexander Mann, a house painter. She grew up there with her four sisters and one brother, opposite the house of David Octavius Hill. When her father died in 1839 she moved to Edinburgh with her two unmarried sisters, Elizabeth and Margaret, to live with their brother Alexander, a solicitor, who eventually became Hill's solicitor.
Career
Mann moved to Leopold Place, when Alexander married. This was near where the Hill & Adamson studio, "Rock House" Scotland's first photographic studio on Calton Hill, Edinburgh. She became an assistant to David Octavius Hill and Robert Adamson, probably working on photographic processing and printing. Hill was an established painter who collaborated with Adamson, who was an expert photographer using early photographic techniques. Miss Mann was employed to help them photograph the 450 ministers of the Church of Scotland who broke away from the church to establish the Free Church of Scotland. This was known as the Great Disruption. She worked with Hill and Adamson for at least three years, until it closed after Adamson's death in 1848. She went on to become a school housekeeper in Musselburgh.
She returned to Edinburgh and died there of a stroke on 21 April 1867. She is buried at Rosebank Cemetery.
Legacy
It is reasoned that a print in the Scottish National Portrait Gallery, of the King Frederick II of Saxony in 1844, taken at the studio while Hill and Adamson were unavailable, was taken by Mann. The portrait was known to have been taken by an assistant to Hill and Adamson. Tate curator Carol Jacobi says this demonstrates that "she must have been part of their skilful understanding of how you set up a photograph, so she is a real pioneer." A letter from the painter James Naysmith to Hill, written in 1845, praises Mann as "that most skillful and zealous of assistants".
Mann was included in the 2016 exhibition at Tate Britain, Painting with Light: Art and Photography from the Pre-Raphaelites to the Modern Age.
References
Scottish women photographers
19th-century Scottish photographers
1805 births
1867 deaths
People from Perth, Scotland
Pioneers of photography
Scottish photographers
British women photographers
19th-century women photographers
Chicago Air Route Traffic Control Center (ZAU) (radio communications: "Chicago Center") is one of 22 Air Route Traffic Control Centers (ARTCCs) operated by the United States Federal Aviation Administration. It is located at 619 W. New Indian Trail Rd., Aurora, Illinois.
The primary responsibility of Chicago Center is sequencing and separation of over-flights, arrivals, and departures in order to provide safe, orderly, and expeditious flow of aircraft.
Chicago Center covers approximately of the Midwestern United States, including parts of Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Iowa.
Chicago Center lies adjacent to Minneapolis Air Route Traffic Control Center, Kansas City Air Route Traffic Control Center, Indianapolis Air Route Traffic Control Center, and Cleveland Air Route Traffic Control Center. ZAU overlies or abuts many approach control facilities (including Chicago, Milwaukee, Madison, Cedar Rapids, Des Moines, the Quad Cities, Peoria, Springfield, Indianapolis, and Grand Rapids approaches).
Chicago Center is the fifth-busiest ARTCC in the United States. Between January 1, 2012, and December 31, 2012, Chicago Center handled 2,343,281 aircraft operations.
2014 fire
On September 26, 2014, an arson at the Chicago Center (ZAU) facility caused operations across ZAU-controlled airspace to be suspended, including airport operations at Chicago's O'Hare and Midway International Airports, resulting in canceled flights. One employee at the facility was treated for smoke inhalation, while remaining employees were evacuated.
Brian Howard, who had been working for the FAA as a contract employee of Harris Corporation, was charged with one count of "destruction of aircraft or aircraft facilities" following the incident.
References
External links
Chicago Air Route Traffic Control Center (FAA)
Chicago Center Weather Service Unit (NWS)
Air traffic control
Air traffic control centers
WAAS reference stations
Transportation in Chicago
Aviation in Illinois
Aurora, Illinois
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Ohey. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur (province)
Ohey
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Ohey
Mukrakari (; Dargwa: Муркарахъмахьи) is a rural locality (a selo) in Duakarsky Selsoviet, Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 135 as of 2010.
Geography
Mukrakari is located 31 km southwest of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Duakar and Urkutamakhi 1-ya are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
This is a list of Punjabi films scheduled to be released or released in 2022.
January – December
See also
List of Punjabi films of 2021
List of Punjabi films
2022 in film
References
External links
Upcoming Punjabi films
2022
Films
Punjabi
Temperance Temple may refer to:
Temperance Temple (Baltimore), built by the Sons of Temperance in Baltimore, Maryland, US; see History of slavery in Maryland
Temperance Temple (Chicago), a demolished Woman's Christian Temperance Union building in Chicago, Illinois, US
Temperance Temple (Los Angeles), a demolished Woman's Christian Temperance Union building in Los Angeles, California, US; see
Wyanett is an unincorporated community in Wyanett Township, Isanti County, Minnesota, United States.
The community is located between Cambridge and Princeton at the junction of State Highway 95 (MN 95) and Nacre Street NW.
References
Official State of Minnesota Highway Map – 2013/2014 edition
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Isanti County, Minnesota
Alois Vašátko DFC (25 August 1908 – 23 June 1942) was a Czechoslovak artillery officer who became an air force pilot. In the Second World War he was a fighter ace, first in the French Air Force in the Battle of France and then in the Royal Air Force.
In the French Air Force Vašátko shot down at least 12 enemy aircraft in May and June 1940. In the RAF he shot down another 14 enemy aircraft between October 1940 and his death in June 1942. He commanded No. 312 (Czechoslovak) Squadron RAF from June 1941 and RAF Fighter Command's Czechoslovak fighter wing from May 1942.
France awarded Vašátko the Croix de guerre 1939–1945 with seven palms, two gold stars and one silver star, and made him a Chevalier de la Légion d'honneur. The United Kingdom awarded him the Distinguished Flying Cross.
Vašátko was killed in action in June 1942 by a mid-air collision over the English Channel between his Supermarine Spitfire and an enemy Focke-Wulf Fw 190.
Early life
Vašátko was born in 1908 in Čelákovice in central Bohemia. He was one of five children of a cabinet-maker, also called Alois Vašátko, who served in the Austro-Hungarian armed forces and returned from the First World War as an invalid.
When Vašátko was still a child the family moved to Týniště nad Orlicí in northeastern Bohemia, where Vašátko completed secondary school. He then studied at a teacher training college in Hradec Králové and became a schoolteacher in Litoměřice in northern Bohemia.
Czechoslovak armed forces
On 1 October 1928 Vašátko changed career, joining the Czechoslovak Army as an artilleryman. In 1929 he began training at the military academy in Hranice. In July 1931 he passed out as a Poruchik (junior lieutenant) and was posted to Olomouc in Moravia as commander of the 2nd battery of the 7th Artillery Regiment. On 1 October 1935 he was promoted to Senior Lieutenant.
Also in 1935 Vašátko trained as an air observer at the military aviation school at Prostějov in Moravia. On 31 December 1936 he transferred from the Army to the Czechoslovak Air Force. On 15 November 1937 he was appointed commander of the 14th Observation Squadron of the 2nd "Dr Edvard Beneš" Air Regiment stationed at Olomouc, which was equipped with Letov Š-328 reconnaissance aircraft.
On 30 September 1938 France and the United Kingdom allowed Germany to annexe the Sudetenland. Vašátko continued his training and on 1 March 1939 he qualified as a pilot. On 15 March Germany occupied the remainder of Bohemia and Moravia and imposed a Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia with a puppet government that it ordered to dissolve its armed forces. The Czechoslovak Air Force ceased to exist, and the Luftwaffe confiscated its aircraft.
Leaving the protectorate was not allowed, but many airmen chose to do so illegally. In July 1939 Vašátko passed through the now independent Slovak Republic and over the Beskid mountain range into Poland, where he reported to the Czechoslovak Consulate in Kraków. On 28 July he and other Czechoslovaks left Gdynia aboard the Polish ocean liner .
French Air Force
Vašátko disembarked in France, where Czechoslovak refugees were not yet allowed to join the Armée de l'air. After France declared war on Germany on 3 September 1939 Czechoslovaks were allowed to join the French Foreign Legion. Only after 17 November were they allowed to the Armée de l'air.
Vašátko enlisted and was trained at the Centre d'Instruction de la Chasse ("Fighter Training Centre") at Chartres air base. On 1 May 1940 he was promoted to Captain. On 10 May Germany invaded the Netherlands and Belgium and attacked France.
The next day Vašátko and fellow-Czechoslovaks Adolf Vrána and Tomáš Vybíral were posted to the Groupe de Chasse I/5 "La Fayette", which was equipped with new Curtiss H-75-C1 fighter aircraft.
Vašátko quickly became a fighter ace. By the end of the six-week campaign he was credited with shooting down 12 German aircraft and probably two more. France awarded him the Croix de guerre, to which it added seven palms, two gold stars and one silver star. He was made a Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur.
After France capitulated to Germany on 22 June 1940, GC I/5 withdrew to French Algeria. Vašátko left and travelled via Morocco to Gibraltar, whence he went by ship to Cardiff in Wales.
Royal Air Force
The United Kingdom quickly agreed to enlist Czechoslovak airmen in the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve. Vašátko was commissioned as a Pilot Officer and retrained to fly Hurricane Mk I aircraft. He was posted to the newly formed No. 312 (Czechoslovak) Squadron RAF, where he was allocated to Yellow Flight with Sergeant Josef Stehlík and led by Flight Lieutenant Denys Gillam.
By October 1940 the squadron was stationed at RAF Speke outside Liverpool. About 16:00 hrs on 8 October a lone Luftwaffe Junkers Ju 88 medium bomber of Kampfgeschwader 2/806 was sighted flying up the River Mersey. Yellow Flight was scrambled, with Vašátko flying Hurricane L1926, code letters DU-J. All three fighters machine-gunned the Ju 88, killing its observer and setting fire to its two engines. At 16:15 the bomber made a forced landing in a field near Bromborough Dock and the surviving crew were captured.
The RAF promoted Vašátko to Flight Lieutenant on 28 October 1940, and on 7 November he was given command of "B" flight of 312 Squadrons. On 5 June 1941 Vašátko was appointed to command the whole of 312 Squadrons. In October the squadron converted from Hurricanes to Supermarine Spitfires. Vašátko was promoted to Squadron Leader on 5 June 1941.
The RAF had three Czechoslovak-manned fighter squadrons: 310 Squadron, 313 Squadrons and Vašátko's 312 Squadron. In 1942 it grouped them into a Czechoslovak fighter wing to operate together. On 1 May Vašátko was made its commanding officer and on 30 May 1942 he was promoted to Wing Commander.
Vašátko continued the run of victories he had begun in France. He is credited with shooting down four enemy aircraft single-handed, another ten jointly with other airmen, and probably two more.
Death
By June 1942, 312 Squadrons was based at RAF Exeter. On 23 June a force of Douglas Boston light bombers was sent on a "Ramrod" raid to bomb an airfield in Brittany. Vašátko commanded the bombers' fighter escort, which comprised Spitfire Mk VB aircraft from all three squadrons of the Czechoslovak fighter wing.
As the raiding force was returning to England a Staffel of Focke-Wulf Fw 190 fighters of Jagdgeschwader 2 "Richthofen" from Morlaix airfield intercepted them over the English Channel. The escorts successfully defended the bombers and destroyed two Fw 190s, but seven Spitfires were also destroyed.
Vašátko's Spitfire collided in mid-air with an Fw 190 flown by Unteroffizier Wilhelm Reuschling of 7./JG 2, destroying both aircraft. Reuschling baled out, was rescued from the sea off Start Point, Devon and made a prisoner of war, but Vašátko went down with his 'plane and his body was never recovered.
Achievements and honours
Vašátko became a fighter ace twice: first in the Battle of France and again in the RAF. Among RAFVR Czechoslovak fighter aces, only Sqn Ldr Karel Kuttelwascher and Sgt Josef František shot down more aircraft than Vašátko. As a Wing Commander, Vašátko was one of the RAF's most senior Czechoslovak officers in front-line service. Vašátko had just been awarded his DFC on the day of his death. The Inspector-General of the Czechoslovak Air Force, Air Commodore Karel Janoušek, called Vašátko's death "the most cruel blow to our entire air force".
Monuments and memorials
In 1945 after Germany surrendered, two Czechoslovak postage stamps commemorating Vašátko were issued. The first has a face value of 50 hellers and the second has a face value of five Czechoslovak crowns.
On 23 June 1946, the fourth anniversary of Vašátko's death, a memorial plaque was unveiled at his birthplace in Čelákovice. On 23 June 2012 the 70th anniversary of his death was commemorated with a ceremony at his monument, which included a flypast by two Czech Air Force Saab JAS 39 Gripen multirole combat aircraft.
Three streets are named "Vašátkova" after him. One is in Čelákovice where he was born and another is in Týniště nad Orlicí where he grew up. The other is in the Černý Most suburb of Prague, which has streets named after numerous Second World War Czechoslovak airmen who served in the French Air Force or the RAF.
On 3 March 1948 the Czechoslovak Air Force named its 4th Fighter Regiment "Vašátko", but in a reorganisation in 1950 it was renumbered the 6th Air Regiment and ceased to carry his name.
As Vašátko has no known grave, his name is recorded on the Air Forces Memorial at Runnymede in Surrey.
Honours and awards
Chevalier de la Légion d'honneur.
Croix de guerre with seven palm leaves, two golden stars and one silver star
Distinguished Flying Cross
1939–1945 Star with Battle of Britain clasp
Air Crew Europe Star
Czechoslovak War Cross 1939–1945 three times
Československá medaile Za chrabrost před nepřítelem ("Bravery in Face of the Enemy") twice
Československá medaile za zásluhy, 1. stupně ("Medal of Merit, First Class")
Pamětní medaile československé armády v zahraničí ("Commemorative Medal of the Czechoslovak Army Abroad") with France and Great Britain bars
Vašátko has received numerous posthumous awards. The Czechoslovak government-in-exile promoted to him to Major on 28 October 1942 and Lieutenant-Colonel on 1 May 1944. On 11 November 1949 Vašátko was awarded the Military Order of the White Lion 1st class. In 1991 the Czech and Slovak Federative Republic promoted him to Colonel. On 7 March 1992 it promoted him again to Major-General and awarded him the Milan Rastislav Stefanik Order 3rd class.
In 2017, the Czech Mint issued silver and gold commemorative coins (under the authority of Niue) paying tribute to Alois Vašátko.
References
Notes
Bibliography
1908 births
1942 deaths
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in international waters
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in 1942
Czechoslovak Air Force officers
Royal Air Force wing commanders
Czechoslovak World War II flying aces
The Few
Czechoslovak Royal Air Force pilots of World War II
People from Čelákovice
Recipients of the Croix de Guerre 1939–1945 (France)
Recipients of the Czechoslovak War Cross
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United Kingdom)
Recipients of the Milan Rastislav Stefanik Order
Royal Air Force pilots of World War II
Royal Air Force personnel killed in World War II
Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve personnel of World War II
Djana Mata (born 13 August 1960) is an Albanian shooter who competed at the 1996 Summer Olympic Games and the 2000 Summer Olympic Games, her best finish was 11th.
References
1960 births
Living people
Albanian female sport shooters
Shooters at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic shooters of Albania
Place of birth missing (living people)
Svea is a Swedish female name derived from the tribe called "Svear" or "Swedes," who came to conquer the land which is today's Sweden. The name was very popular in Sweden during the first half of the 20th century, and in the 2010s began to revive in popularity. Mother Svea is a national personification of Sweden. People named Svea include:
Svea (singer), Svea Virginia Kågemark (born 1999), a Swedish pop singer
Svea Kristina Frisch, (1898–1991), known as Kristina Lindstrand, a Swedish actor, journalist, author, and poet
Svea Holst (1901–1996), a Swedish film actress
Svea Josephy, (born 1969) a South African photographer
Svea Köhrbrück, (born 1993), a German sprinter
Svea Norén (1895–1985), a Swedish figure skater
Svea Nordblad Welander (1898–1985), a Swedish composer, organist, teacher, and violist
See also
Svea (disambiguation)
Swedish feminine given names
Retipping refers to the repair and application of iridium tipping material to fountain pen nibs.
Iridium is one of the five platinum group metals. When platinum is mined, it is usually found with one or more of its five sister metals, called the platinum group metals: palladium, osmium, rhodium, ruthenium, and iridium.
John Holland tipped fountain pens with iridium in 1880.
References
Pens
Faisal Mssyeh (25 January 1986 – 1 January 2019), known professionally as Feis, was a Dutch rapper. He was a member of the Rotterdam rappers' crew Ecktuh Ecktuh.
Career
Feis gained some fame in 2007 when he worked on the song "Klein, Klein Jongetje" by U-Niq. In the same year he was heard on the song "Coke op 't Gas" by Kempi. In 2009, he contributed to the album Winne zonder strijd by Winne.
In 2014, Feis released his debut album Hard van Buiten, Gebroken van Binnen. In 2015, he was at the festival Eurosonic Noorderslag and in the same year he was seen with Maribelle in an episode of Ali B op volle Toeren.
On 1 January 2019, Feis was fatally shot in Rotterdam on the Nieuwe Binnenweg. The seven suspects have been arrested: four men aged around 36 to 45, two women aged between 32 and 59, and a 15-year-old girl.
Discography
Dagelijkse Sleur EP (2015)
Hard van buiten, Gebroken van binnen (2014)
Gebouwd voor dit EP (2014)
See also
List of murdered hip hop musicians
References
1986 births
2019 murders in Europe
21st-century Dutch singers
Deaths by firearm in the Netherlands
Dutch murder victims
Dutch rappers
Dutch people of Moroccan descent
Musicians from Rotterdam
People murdered in the Netherlands
2019 deaths
Male murder victims
36 Houghton Drive is one of a pair of buildings (Stands 1123 and 1125) situated in the suburb of Houghton, Johannesburg with fine craftsmanship in the Arts and Crafts manner. The buildings were designed in 1919 by the architect Piercy Patrick Eagle and commissioned by the original owner P.W. McKie. Eagle was a Transvaal Government Architect from 1904–1920, and he designed public buildings including Jeppe High School for Boys and King Edward VII High School.
References
Boys' schools in South Africa
Buildings and structures in Johannesburg
Establishments in Africa
Self-Portrait or Portrait of an Old Man is an oil on canvas painting by El Greco, dating to between 1595 and 1600 and usually identified as a self-portrait. It shows the influence of Titian and Tintoretto, picked up by El Greco in Venice. It is now in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York.
Bibliography
ÁLVAREZ LOPERA, José, El Greco, Madrid, Arlanza, 2005, Biblioteca «Descubrir el Arte», (colección «Grandes maestros»). .
SCHOLZ-HÄNSEL, Michael, El Greco, Colonia, Taschen, 2003. .
References
External links
ArteHistoria.com. «Autorretrato» [Consulta: 01.01.2011].
Portraits by El Greco
1590s paintings
El Greco
Paintings in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Portraits of men
16th-century portraits
Hi-Yong Choi (born 1965-09-13 in Korea) is a former professional boxer. He is a former WBA light-flyweight champion.
Professional career
Choi turned professional in 1987 and captured the WBA light flyweight title in 1991 in only his 10th pro bout in with a decision win over Bong-Jun Kim. He defended the belt 4 times before losing it to Hideyuki Ohashi in 1992. He later moved up in weight and in 1995 captured the WBA light flyweight title with a decision win over Leo Gamez. He lost the belt in 1996 to Carlos Murillo and retired after the bout.
External links
1965 births
Living people
World Boxing Association champions
Light-flyweight boxers
World light-flyweight boxing champions
Mini-flyweight boxers
World mini-flyweight boxing champions
South Korean male boxers
Francis Tuttle Technology Center is a public career and technology education center affiliated with the state of Oklahoma Department of Career and Technology Education. It was established in 1979 after the school boards of four school districts - Deer Creek, Edmond, Putnam City and Western Heights - passed a resolution to form Vocational Technical District 21. Since that time, the districts in Cashion and Crescent have also been added to District 21.
Francis Tuttle has a dual focus, serving both high school and adult students, and offers classes mornings, afternoons, and evenings. Francis Tuttle consists of four main campuses: Rockwell, Reno, Danforth, and Portland (also known as the Bruce Gray Campus) located in the North West Oklahoma City, Oklahoma and Edmond areas. Additionally, Francis Tuttle maintains one additional campus, the Melrose Site, located in North West Oklahoma City.
Beyond educational needs, the center provides other community services including a child development center, the "District 21" restaurant, full-service salons and multiple spaces available for hosting various private or public events.
Campuses
Rockwell Campus
The Rockwell Campus is the Francis Tuttle's first campus. The campus contains 6 buildings including Administration, Campus Center, Project Hope, Information Technology, and Transportation Technology.
Portland Campus
The Portland Campus, also known as the Bruce Gray Campus contains 1 building. This campus contains Oklahoma's largest satellite dish (11 feet in diameter). The building was purchased in 1995 and formerly housed the Wall Street Journal's regional production facility.
Reno Campus
The Reno Campus contains 2 buildings. The campus opened in 2005 following an award-winning pace of construction.
Danforth Campus
The Danforth Campus is the newest campus, slated to open to students and the general public in the Fall of 2021. The campus will provide educational experiences and training focused around entrepreneurship, idea assessment and growth, problem-solving collaboration, and forward-thinking and futurist thought. To these end, the campus will also feature a design thinking studio and product realization lab.
Other Locations
The Melrose Site contains the Young Probationers Construction Trades Program. In the Spring of 2022, a rebranding effort was announced regarding this location. To better identify its mission to the community, it will begin to be called Project Build. The Business Innovation Center, which served as a community business incubator and economic launchpad, was sold in late 2021, with businesses and programs housed at this center moving to the newly constructed Danforth Campus.
High schools
The Center allows sophomore, junior, and senior high school students from six school districts to attend for free, providing programs in Cosmetology Culinary Arts, Health Sciences, Information Technology, and Transportation Technology.
Adult / Workforce & Economic Development
Francis Tuttle offers career-specific business and industry training and consulting services. They are offered to local businesses at nominal or no-cost. The general public is offered short-term training for career enhancement or leisure activities. Additionally, a number of courses are offered for meet continuing education needs in various professions or for certification purposes, including real estate and insurance.
The Workforce & Economic Development team assists companies in developing customized training programs to fill business and economic need. Areas of specialization include Aerospace Technologies, Computer Training, Data Analytics, Industrial Maintenance/Industry 4.0, Leadership/Organizational Development, Industrial and Occupational Safety and Quality & Continuous Improvement. Launch Pad FT serves as a small-business incubator. Government bidding and contracting assistance is provided through the Francis Tuttle PTAC (Procurement Technical Assistance Center). FT 24/7 serves as the WED department's online and remote learning tool. The Advanced Manufacturing Center provides programs for cross-training professionals in areas such as precision machining, instrumentation and control, welding and automated manufacturing.
Academic oriented certificate programs are offered in construction, business management, insurance, hospitality, information technology, quality management, transportation, nursing and logistics. Other programs are offered in computer aided manufacturing and design, welding, automotive services, medical office technology and child care/education.
Namesake
The technology center is named after Dr. Francis Tuttle, former Director of the State Department of Vocational and Technical Education in Oklahoma. Dr. Tuttle was a member of the Oklahoma CareerTech Hall of Fame class of 1990.
Two former Francis Tuttle Tech superintendents, Bruce Gray and Kay Martin, have buildings named in their honor; the Bruce Gray Center located on the Portland Campus and the Kay Martin Center located on the Reno Campus.
References
External links
Official website
Education in Oklahoma City
Career and Technology Education in Oklahoma
OK Cooperative Alliance
The Supreme Court Review is an annual peer-reviewed law journal covering the legal implications of decisions by the Supreme Court of the United States. It is published by the University of Chicago Press and was established in 1960. The journal's founding editor Philip B. Kurland held the position until 1988. The editors-in-chief are Dennis J. Hutchinson, David A. Strauss, and Geoffrey R. Stone (University of Chicago Law School).
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
EBSCO databases
MEDLINE/PubMed (selected citations only)
ProQuest databases
Scopus
Social Sciences Citation Index
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 1.188.
References
External links
American law journals
Publications established in 1960
1960 establishments in Illinois
University of Chicago Press academic journals
Glyphipterix astrapaea is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1880. It is found in New Zealand.
References
Moths described in 1880
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of New Zealand
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington v. Trump was a case brought before the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The plaintiffs, watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW), hotel and restaurant owner Eric Goode, an association of restaurants known as ROC United, and an Embassy Row hotel event booker named Jill Phaneuf alleged that the defendant, President Donald Trump, was in violation of the Foreign Emoluments Clause, a constitutional provision that bars the president or any other federal official from taking gifts or payments from foreign governments. CREW filed its complaint on January 23, 2017, shortly after Trump was inaugurated as president. An amended complaint, adding the hotel and restaurant industry plaintiffs, was filed on April 18, 2017. A second amended complaint was filed on May 10, 2017. CREW was represented by several prominent lawyers and legal scholars in the case.
U.S. District Judge George B. Daniels dismissed the case on December 21, 2017, holding that plaintiffs lacked standing. On appeal, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit reversed the dismissal, reinstated the suit, and remanded the case to the district court for further proceedings. In January 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court instructed the lower courts to dismiss the case (and a similar case brought by Maryland and the District of Columbia) as moot, because Trump was no longer president.
Background
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington stated that because Trump-owned buildings take in rent, room rentals and other payments from foreign governments, the president has breached the Foreign Emoluments Clause. The Constitution says that "no Person holding any Office of Profit or Trust under the United States, shall, without the Consent of the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind whatever, from any King, Prince, or foreign State." The case also includes a claim under the Domestic Emoluments Clause.
An Emoluments Clause lawsuit directed at a sitting president has never been tested in court, and there is little judicial precedent in this area of constitutional law. The Clause is, however, the subject of a considerable body of precedent from the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel and the Office of the Comptroller General. The plaintiffs are asking for an injunction and declaratory judgment directed at President Trump requiring that he cease violations of the Emoluments Clauses. On January 23, 2017, after the action was filed in U.S. District Court, Trump rejected the arguments underlying the lawsuit as "Without merit," and "Totally without merit" during his morning press conference at the White House.
CREW is represented in the suit by "a group former White House ethics lawyers, constitutional scholars, and Supreme Court litigators," including constitutional law professor Laurence H. Tribe of Harvard Law School; Supreme Court litigator Deepak Gupta of Gupta Wessler PLLC; Erwin Chemerinsky, the dean of the University of California, Berkeley School of Law; Richard Painter, law professor at the University of Minnesota and chief ethics lawyer in the George W. Bush administration; and Zephyr Teachout of Fordham Law School. The United States Department of Justice represents Trump.
Quotes from second amended complaint
District court proceedings
President Trump filed a motion to dismiss on June 9, 2017. on the grounds that the plaintiffs had no right to sue and that the described conduct was not illegal. A response to the motion to dismiss was filed on August 4, 2017, with a DOJ reply due by September 22, 2017. A full answer from DOJ lawyers to the facts alleged in the complaint was due on August 11, 2017. Oral arguments were expected October 18, 2017.
On December 21, 2017, the motion to dismiss was granted; Judge George B. Daniels held that plaintiffs lacked standing.
Second Circuit proceedings
On February 16, 2018, the dismissal of the suit was appealed by CREW, primarily on an economically-informed theory of emolument-related injury to competitors, with all briefs filed by both parties by June 27. Deepak Gupta of Gupta Wessler presented oral argument for the plaintiffs before a three-judge panel of the Second Circuit on October 30, 2018. On September 13, 2019, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in New York (in a 2 to 1 decision) reinstated the lawsuit and sent it back to the lower court so that the case can move forward. The appellate decision was critical of the July 2019 appellate decision in D.C. and Maryland v. Trump.
In January 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court instructed the lower courts to dismiss the case (and a similar case brought by Maryland and the District of Columbia) as moot, because Trump was no longer president.
On April 23, 2021, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals issued a mandate which dismissed the case.
See also
D.C. and Maryland v. Trump
CREW and National Security Archive v. Trump and EOP
Blumenthal v. Trump
List of lawsuits involving Donald Trump
Foreign Emoluments Clause, Article I, Section 9, Clause 8 of United States Constitution
Domestic Emoluments Clause, Article II, Section 1, Clause 7 of United States Constitution
References
External links
Copy of complaint filed in United States District Court (PDF, 37 pages, 271 KB)
Copy of Second Amended Complaint filed in United States District Court (PDF, 68 pages, 407 KB)
Copy of Memorandum in support of motion to Dismiss for Lack of Jurisdiction and for Failure to State a Claim (PDF, 70 pages, 687 KB)
Donald Trump litigation
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York cases
United States Constitution Article One case law
United States Constitution Article Two case law
United States standing case law
2017 in United States case law
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit cases
The cervical spinal nerve 2 (C2) is a spinal nerve of the cervical segment. It is a part of the ansa cervicalis along with the C1 and C3 nerves sometimes forming part of Superior root of the ansa cervicalis. it also connects into the inferior root of the ansa cervicalis with the C3.
It originates from the spinal column from above the cervical vertebra 2 (C2).
it innervates the rectus capitis anterior and rectus capitis lateralis muscles, and provides sensory nerves to the trapezius.
the lesser occipital nerve, greater auricular nerve, and the transverse cervical nerve all emerge from C2, with the ladder two shared with the C3.
References
Spinal nerves
The Caraz District () is one of 10 districts of the Huaylas Province in the Ancash Region of Peru. The capital of the district is Caraz. Its elevation is 2,285 m. In Caraz, the paved road comes from Pativilca.
The snow-capped mountains of Tullparahu (6,356 m), Pukarahu (6,259 m), Allpamayu (6,120 m) and others, constitute a splendid frame for the city. Near Parun Lake the snow summits are reflected. There are also mineral-medicinal springs like Colca and Shongor.
The settlers produce wool textiles, carpets, ponchos, straw fabrics and the renowned fruit and manjarblanco sweets known as cuarteados.
Departing from Caraz to the north, the Santa River is crossed to arrive to the Cañón del Pato. The Callejón de Huaylas has become narrow between the highest and vertical walls of rock, without any vegetation and, in this stretch, the rocks of the Cordillera Blanca and Cordillera Negra come closer (less than 5 m of distance).
To arrive to Huallanca, at the north end of the Callejón de Huaylas, 33 tunnels must be passed in a trip of 25 km, in which the Santa River breaks, roaring, the Cordillera Negra, to flow to the sea.
In Huallanca, 1,410 msnm, the hydroelectric power station of the Cañón del Pato is located. In this place, the highway that goes up to Chimbote began. This highway is planned over the ancient embankment of the railroad Chimbote-Huallanca that was destroyed by a cataclysm in 1970. In this place, it also began the highway that leads to the Callejón de Conchucos.
Geography
The district is located in the south-eastern part of the province at an elevation of 2,285m, 67 km from the regions capital Huaraz.
The Cordillera Blanca traverses the district. Some of the highest mountains of the district are listed below:
Artesonraju
Chakrarahu
Pirámide
Putaqa
Qaras
Qarwa Pampa
Rukutu Punta
Wamanpinta
Tullparahu
History
The district was founded by Don Simón Bolívar on December 29, 1856.
Political division
The Caraz District is divided into 13 hamlets (, singular: caserío) and 6 (, singular: anexo):
Hamlets
Alluca
Chuqichaka
Quchamarka
Connopa
Cruz viva
Qullaspampa
Cumpayhuara
Wawra
L Rinconada
Llaqshu
Pawas
Yuco
Yuracoto
Annexes
Aircan
Caccho
Chosica
Chungada
Coto
Hoyada
References
Caraz Peru
External links
Official web site of the Huaylas province
Districts of the Huaylas Province
Districts of the Ancash Region
Rudi Carrell (born Rudolf Wijbrand Kesselaar; 19 December 1934 – 7 July 2006) was a Dutch entertainer. Along with famous entertainers such as Johannes Heesters and Linda de Mol, he was one of the most successful Dutch personalities active in Germany.
He worked as a television entertainer and hosted his own show; the Rudi Carrell Show ran first in the Netherlands, and then for many years in Germany. As a singer he had a number of hits, including a Dutch version of "A Windmill in Old Amsterdam", and acted in several movies.
Eurovision Song Contest
Carrell represented the Netherlands at the Eurovision Song Contest 1960 with the song "Wat een geluk" ("What luck"). He finished 12th out of 13, scoring just two points. He provided the Dutch radio commentary for the 1987 Contest.
Rudi Carrell Show
The Rudi Carrell Show and its successors were a huge success in Germany from the 1960s to the 1990s. The show included a similar concept to Star Search or Pop Idol and brought many well-known German pop stars and actors to prominence, such as Alexis and Mark Keller. It also featured comedy sketches.
His show was also popular in some non-German-speaking European countries, such as Slovenia.
During this time he also hosted other popular shows, including Am laufenden Band, Rudis Tagesshow, Herzblatt, Die verflixte 7, and 7 Tage, 7 Köpfe.
Controversial humor
In 1987, Carrell caused a diplomatic rift between Germany and Iran with a sketch in which veiled women threw their undergarments at someone dressed like Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khomeini. The Iranian government responded by expelling two German diplomats and permanently closing the Goethe Institute in Tehran.
Death
In an interview in November 2005, Carrell confirmed to the magazine Bunte that he was suffering from lung cancer. He died on 7 July 2006 in Bremen, Germany, aged 71.
Literature
References
External links
a German online book of condolence for Rudi Carell
Find-a-Grave entry
1934 births
2006 deaths
20th-century Dutch male singers
Dutch male comedians
Dutch male film actors
Eurovision Song Contest entrants for the Netherlands
Eurovision Song Contest entrants of 1960
Dutch television presenters
Dutch game show hosts
Dutch expatriates in Germany
Deaths from lung cancer
People from Alkmaar
Deaths from cancer in Germany
Officer Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
20th-century comedians
Controversies in the Netherlands
Controversies in Iran
Television controversies in Germany
Religious controversies in television
ARD (broadcaster) people
RTL Group people
Radio Bremen people
Phyllostegia knudsenii is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Waimea phyllostegia and Knudsen's phyllostegia. It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is known only from the island of Kauai. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.
This is a perennial herb or vine with limp leaves up to 18 centimeters long by 9 wide. The flowers are just under a centimeter long.
This plant was first collected in the 19th century and was not seen again until 1993, when a single plant was found. Three more were found later that year. Four additional plants were found in 1999 and five immature plants were located in 2001. There may be up to fifty plants remaining in unsurveyed areas.
References
External links
knudsenii
Endemic flora of Hawaii
The head injury criterion (HIC) is a measure of the likelihood of head injury arising from an impact. The HIC can be used to assess safety related to vehicles, personal protective gear, and sport equipment.
Normally the variable is derived from the measurements of an accelerometer mounted at the center of mass of a crash test dummy's head, when the dummy is exposed to crash forces.
It is defined as:
where t1 and t2 are the initial and final times (in seconds) chosen to maximize HIC, and acceleration a is measured in gs (standard gravity acceleration). The time duration, t2 – t1, is limited to a maximum value of 36 ms, usually 15 ms.
This means that the HIC includes the effects of head acceleration and the duration of the acceleration. Large accelerations may be tolerated for very short times.
At a HIC of 1000, there is an 18% probability of a severe head injury, a 55% probability of a serious injury and a 90% probability of a moderate head injury to the average adult.
Automobile safety
HIC is used to determine the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) star rating for automobile safety and to determine ratings given by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety.
According to the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety, head injury risk is evaluated mainly on the basis of head injury criterion. A value of 700 is the maximum allowed under the provisions of the U.S. advanced airbag regulation (NHTSA, 2000) and is the maximum score for an "acceptable" IIHS rating for a particular vehicle.
A HIC-15 (meaning a measure of impact over 15 milliseconds) of 700 is estimated to represent a 5 percent risk of a severe injury (Mertz et al., 1997). A "severe" injury is one with a score of 4+ on the Abbreviated Injury Scale (AIS)
Data for specific vehicles can be found on various automotive review websites. Some sample data is as follows, for comparative purposes:
The 1998 Ford Windstar, marketed as one of the safest minivans of that year, tested out to a HIC=305 score for driver
A small car, a 1998 Dodge Neon, tested at HIC=265.
A common family sedan, a 1998 Toyota Camry, tested at HIC=288.
A 2007 Camry at HIC=175.
A comprehensive searchable database of vehicles and their HIC scores is available at safercar.gov.
Athletics and recreation
Sport physiologists and biomechanics experts use the HIC in the research of safety equipment and guidelines for competitive sport and recreation. In one study, concussions were found to occur at HIC=250 in most athletes. Studies have been conducted in skiing and other sports to test adequacy of helmets
See also
Automobile safety
Crash test
Sports injury
Concussion
Sport-related concussion
Concussion grading systems
References
External links
Use of Head Injury Criterion in Crash Test Ratings
Injury Measurements and Criteria
Saving Lives with Impact Protection Product
Automotive safety
Neurotrauma
Mathematical modeling
Dhaker Seboui (born 11 April 1975) is a Tunisian handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
Tunisian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Tunisia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Li Ka Shing Foundation () is a Hong Kong-based charitable organization founded in 1980 by Hong Kong entrepreneur Li Ka-shing.
The Third Son
Li Ka-shing considers the Li Ka Shing Foundation to be his "third son" and has pledged to donate one-third of his assets to support philanthropic projects. He has called for other Asian entrepreneurs to do the same, in the hope of altering the traditional notion of passing wealth through lineage.
The Li Ka Shing Foundation's story stretches back over three decades: Having grown up as a witness to suffering and illness, Li Ka-shing cultivated a compassion that set in motion the idea of establishing a charitable foundation.
Mission
Li Ka Shing Foundation supports projects that promote social progress through expanding access to quality education and medical services and research, encouraging cultural diversity and community involvement.
Every project and every donation stems from Li Ka-shing's belief in the inherent value of each human life, regardless of race, class, or circumstance. He has devoted himself to helping others overcome the educational and physical barriers preventing them from achieving their potential.
Three main focuses
Encourage giving to nurture a new culture of philanthropy in Asia
Support educational reform to create a paradigm shift that develops positive and sustainable change
Support medical research and services to create a healthier world
Major contributions
To date, Li Ka-shing has invested over HK$30 billion in projects covering education, medical services, charity and anti-poverty programmes, with about 80% of the projects in Mainland China and Hong Kong.
Hong Kong
In 2005, announced a donation of HK$1 billion to Faculty of Medicine of the University of Hong Kong.
"Love HK Your Way!" campaign launched in 2010, granted over HK$300 million as of September 2013. Thousands of social institutions were involved serving more than 3.3 million people. Major projects include:
Love Ideas, Love HK (total 3 rounds)
“Heart of Gold” – Hong Kong Hospice Service Program (10 service centers established)
Love More
TrueBeam System donated to the Faculty of Medicine of the Chinese University of Hong Kong & Prince of Wales Hospital
March of Social Engineers
In 2013, establishing Tsz Shan Monastery to promote Buddhism.
Opening of the Tsz Shan Monastery Buddhist Art Museum at the Tsz Shan Monastery, which has received over HK$3 billion in funding since 2003 for its development and operations—March 2019. (Long-term project)
In October 2019, the Li Ka Shing Foundation created HK$1 billion Crunch Time Instant Relief Fund to help more than 28,000 small and medium sized enterprises in the food and beverage, retail, and travel sectors, as well as licensed hawkers to weather through hardship.
In 2019 and 2020, the Li Ka Shing Foundation granted over HK$200 million in support of medical and welfare services for Hong Kong. The “Love Can Help” Medical Assistance Programme offered financial assistance to patients falling outside the social security safety net and ineligible for government subsidies. “Love Can Help II” expanded support to the social welfare community; non-governmental organizations providing various services to the visually impaired, mentally handicapped and physically disabled, autistic children, elderly and underprivileged families.
In September 2020, Li Ka Shing Foundation has given HK$170 million to four local universities, including the medical faculties of the University of Hong Kong and the Chinese University of Hong Kong, the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and the Education University of Hong Kong in support of medical, biological and artificial intelligence research.
In 2020, the Li Ka Shing Foundation has supported the global fight against COVID-19 by sourcing protection gear from around the world and funding medical research and services. To date, HK$180 million has been used for relief efforts, including making a donation of HK$100 million to support the frontline medics in Wuhan.
In November 2020, donation of HK$5 million for the publication of Hong Kong Chronicles.
In November 2020, HK$3 million emergency relief fund donated to relatives of the victims of Yau Ma Tei fire and HK$1.5 million to celebrate the centenary of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Chamber of Commerce.
On 24 January 2021, the Li Ka Shing Foundation donated HK$20 million to support Precious Hospital (Caritas)'s Total Knee Replacement programme.
In February 2021, LKSF presented PARKnSHOP coupons worth of HK$200 to all 97,000 Hospital Authority staff to thank them for unwavering commitment and dedication protecting Hong Kong people; a donation of HK$4.1 million was made to support for radiological examination at HKU Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine for patients with gastroenterology and liver diseases in Queen Mary Hospital.
Mainland China
Committing grants and contributions of over HK$12 billion to Shantou University and the Shantou University Medical College since its founding in 1981. Recent commitments include RMB 100 million annually to offer full-tuition academic scholarships for all undergraduate students starting with the incoming class of 2019—June 2019. (Long-term project)
Annual Funding of RMB 52 million to support the Heart of Gold Nationwide Hospice Service Program, with has received over RMB 800 million in aggregate funding since 2001. (Long-term project)
Initiated Hospice Service by Shantou Medical College in 1997 and extended to nationwide in 2002. To date, 32 Hospice Service centers are established.
In 2002, the Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business was established to educate new generation of entrepreneur leaders.
In 2008, Project New Life for cleft lip and palate surgeries started.
In 2009, Pediatric Hernia Rehabilitation Program in Western China started.
In 2010, Project Define – Rural women development was run to enhance women's leadership.
In 2012, Love Ideas – Women's Project Guangdong started.
Providing US$2 million in funding scale socio-economic impact through technological disruption and innovation in Zhejiang and Shanghai—February 2019.
In February 2021, LKSF sponsored Shanghai's Little Pigeon Dancing Group's performance of Shanghai style children musical “Xiao Balazi”.
Through his Foundation, Mr Li Ka-shing donated on 26 July 2021 HK$20 million to the Liaison Office of the Central People's Government in the HKSAR special account for disaster relief to support Henan Province's flood relief efforts.
Overseas
Established the Center for Learning of Stanford University in the US in 2008.
Supported the establishment of Institute of Virology of University of Alberta in Canada in 2009.
Center for Biomedical and Health Sciences of UC Berkeley in the US opened in 2011.
Oxford University "Big Data" Conference was established in 2013.
In 2013, sponsored US$130 million to create The Technion Guangdong Institute of Technology with the cooperation between Technion – Israel Institute of Technology and Shantou University. The new institute aims to bring a new era of research and innovation in science, engineering, and life science in China.
In 2013, granted a C$6.6 million donation for student and faculty exchanges between McGill University and Shantou University in China.
Offered a grant of $2 million to University of California San Francisco (UCSF) to advance precision medicine and create a partnership between UCSF and Shantou University, also in 2013.
In 2015, renewed support for Yale Stem Cell Center (YSCC) with a US$1.86 million grant for education and healthcare in 2015.
Donated total HK$27.6 million to the University of Auckland Campaign For All Our Futures in 2016.
Donated US$3 million for cancer research & precision oncology to the University of Melbourne Centre for Cancer Research (UMCCR) in 2017.
Established The Li Ka Shing Foundation Lord Sandberg Memorial Scholarship for Hong Kong students in memory of Lord Michael Sandberg of Passfield in King's College London (United Kingdom).
Sponsoring the Future Now excursion to Australia for an experimental education and exchange program—September 2019.
Contributing US$1 million to support Saildrone's Antarctic circumnavigation, while making the real-time data available to students for next-gen ocean research—January 2019.
A$4.5 million to the University of Sydney to support Australia's first clinical trial testing CAR T-cell immunotherapy in patients with advanced pancreatic cancer—November 2018.
Two Li Ka Shing Chair Professors – Professor Michael Houghton at the University of Alberta and Professor Jennifer Doudna at the University of California, Berkeley – have been awarded the 2020 Nobel Prize in Medicine and Chemistry respectively. Mr Li Ka-shing attended virtual celebrations through Zoom, at which both professors presented to him replicas of their Nobel medals. After learning that Professor Houghton's two co-investigators, Dr. Qui-Lim Choo and Dr. George Kuo, had shared in the discovery but had not been awarded the Nobel Prize, Mr Li announced that the Li Ka Shing Foundation would honor Dr Choo and Dr Kuo with the same Nobel prize money of US380,000 each to recognize their contributions.
References
External links
Li Ka Shing Foundation
Love Hong Kong Your Way
Medical and health organisations based in Hong Kong
Organizations established in 1980
Educational foundations
Medical and health foundations
The Bee Creek Massacre occurred in December, 1861, when troops of the 18th Missouri Infantry USA executed two Confederate prisoners.
Southern bushwhacker Silas M. Gordon had been operating out of Platte County, Missouri for a number of months before regional Federal military authorities attempted to capture him and his followers. In November, 1861, two Federal soldiers were killed near the Bee Creek Bridge, a few miles south of Weston, Missouri.
By mid-December, elements of the 18th Missouri Infantry had seized neighboring Platte City, and captured three Confederate soldiers: Black Triplett, Gabriel Close, and William Kuykendall. The captives were either on furlough, or had returned home after their enlistment ended. In his history of Platte County, W. M. Paxton, a local resident, related that he spoke to the 18th Missouri's colonel, W. James Morgan, asking on behalf of Triplett's father that he be allowed to speak with his son. Morgan's reply was, "Yes, God damn him! Let him say now what he pleases, for he will never see him alive again."
Morgan took Triplett and Close near Bee Creek Bridge. Triplett stood and was shot. Close, with his arms bound, fled to the nearby creek bed where he quickly became mired in the mud. A Federal soldier descended upon him and bayoneted him to death. The letters "U.S." were scrawled in Triplett's blood on the bridge. The third prisoner, William Kuykendall, was spared.
Sources
Anders, Leslie, The Eighteenth Missouri, 1968
Paxton, W.M., Annals of Platte County, Missouri, 1897
References
Massacres of the American Civil War
Platte County, Missouri
1861 in Missouri
Military operations of the American Civil War in Missouri
December 1861 events
Union war crimes
Geoffrey De Mulder (born 1930) was an English greyhound trainer. He was a two times champion trainer of Great Britain and was regarded as the leading trainer during the 1970s and 1980s.
Early life
He was born in Yorkshire and grew up in a greyhound racing environment because his father Joe De Mulder was a prominent trainer during the 1950s and 1960s.
Career
After learning his trade with his father he took over the National Greyhound Racing Club licence in 1967 and he made the Gold Collar final in his rookie year. His father retained ownership of several greyhounds in the kennel. The majority of his kennel were open race class greyhounds but he held attachments throughout the Midlands at Oxford Stadium, Nottingham Stadium, Coventry Stadium, Hall Green Stadium and Norton Canes Stadium.
His first major result was getting Little County into the 1970 English Greyhound Derby final where he finished runner-up. Training out of kennels in Meriden in the West Midlands, he gained the nickname 'The Wizard of Meriden' and consistently won major competitions during the 1970s and 1980s.
His biggest successes were the two English Greyhound Derby wins in 1974 with Jimsun and 1979 with Sarahs Bunny, a Scottish Greyhound Derby and four times winner of the Consolation Derby. He sent out 14 English Derby finalists.
De Mulder was responsible for the greyhounds with the 'Fearless' prefix' and was well known for being eccentric. His protégé Tony Meek went on to win two English Greyhound Derby finals. After a long illness he died in 2009 leaving a wife and two children.
Awards
He won the Greyhound Trainer of the Year twice in 1978 and 1979 and won the Trainers Championship twice in 1977 and 1987.
References
Sportspeople from Yorkshire
1930 births
2009 deaths
British greyhound racing trainers
Just and Unjust Wars: A Moral Argument with Historical Illustrations is a 1977 book by the philosopher Michael Walzer. Published by Basic Books, it is still in print, now as part of the Basic Books Classics Series. A second edition was published in 1992, a third edition in 2000, a fourth edition in 2006, and a fifth edition in 2015. The book resulted from Walzer's reflections on the Vietnam War.
Summary
Walzer draws on medieval Just War theory to explore the reasons that can justify war jus ad bellum and the ethical limits on the conduct of war jus in bello in an attempt to work out a modern, secular theory of just war.
Reception
Just and Unjust Wars has, together with Spheres of Justice (1983) and Interpretation and Social Criticism (1987), been identified as one of Walzer's most important works by the philosopher Will Kymlicka in The Oxford Companion to Philosophy (2005). The work is considered a standard in the philosophical literature on the ethics of warfare, with the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy calling Just and Unjust Wars "the major contemporary statement of just war theory."
References
1977 non-fiction books
Basic Books books
Books by Michael Walzer
English-language books
Philosophy books
Ethics books
Political books
Just war theory
Wolverley CofE Secondary School is located in the village of Wolverley, near Kidderminster in Worcestershire, England. The mixed gender school has approximately 670 students on roll (2014) and opened in 2007 following the closure of its predecessor, Wolverley High School, as part of the local area reorganisation from three-tier education. At the same time, the school became a controlled Church of England school.
The school accepts students aged 11 to 18, and offers courses at GCSE and A-Level. The February 2014 Ofsted inspection results, published in March 2014, reported the school as being 'a school that requires improvement'. A later inspection in June 2016 rated the school as ‘Good'.
History
Wolverley CE Secondary School opened in 2007 following the closure of Wolverley High School and a restructuring in the Worcestershire Local Authority. At the same time it converted to a controlled Church of England School. Wolverley was the birthplace of William Sebright, a former Town Clerk of London. Sebright died in 1620 and his will stated that his estate was to be used for the foundation of a grammar school in Wolverley. The original site of the school was in the centre of the village, but in 1931 the school changed its name to Sebright School and moved to a new site. Between 1948 and 1970, Sebright was a private school, before reopening as Wolverley High School.
Achievement
Percentage of students gaining 5 A*-C grades at GCSE.
2011: 36%
2012: 53%
2013: 48%
2014: 47%
2015: 45%
Sports
In 2014 the rugby team at Wolverley became The Wolverley Whirlwinds. They play against those of King Charles I School, The Bewdley School, Baxter College, Stourport High School and The Chantry School.
References
Secondary schools in Worcestershire
Voluntary controlled schools in England
The theories of Carl Jung are grounded in his evolutionary conception of human brain evolution. This had led to a resurgence of research into his work, beginning in the early 2000s, from the perspective of contemporary neuroscience. Much of this work looks at Jung's theories of a genetically inherited 'collective unconscious' common to all humankind. This hypothesis was postulated by Jung in his efforts to account for similar patterns of behaviour and symbolic expression in myth, dream imagery and religion in various cultures around the world. Jung believed that the 'collective unconscious' was structured by archetypes - that is species typical patterns of behaviour and cognition common to all humans. Contemporary researchers have postulated such recurrent archetypes reside in 'environmentally closed' subcortical brain systems that evolved in the human lineage prior to the emergence of self-consciousness and the uniquely human self-reflective ego.
Jung's theories of brain evolution
In a lecture given in 1957 at the Second International Conference for Psychiatry in Zurich, Jung wrote:
Throughout his career Jung developed this notion and applied it frequently in his analysis mythic and cultural symbolism as well as clinical treatments. One of his main arguments was that this ancient genetically inherited aspect of the brain was dissociated from more recently evolved regions associated with the human ego complex. For him the goal of therapy was to integrate this more ancient emotionally based subcortical brain system with the more recently evolved ego complex and its capacities for self-conscious awareness and rational insight. It was such integration that formed the basis of his theory of individuation
References
Carl Jung
Neuroscience
Brain
Ram Hill is a hamlet in South Gloucestershire, England. It is located between Coalpit Heath and Westerleigh and adjoins the hamlet of Henfield immediately to the south. In the Mudge Map 1815, Ram Hill was known as Nutridge Hill, and was linked to Westerleigh by Broad Lane and to Mays Hill by Frog Lane.
Ram Hill is a small hamlet that has seen considerable land use change over the recent centuries moving from a traditional agricultural landscape to an active coal mining area by the beginning of the nineteenth century. The population would have increased at that time supported by the introduction of new miner's cottages by the Coalpit Heath Colliery Company.
The closure of Ram Hill Colliery and Churchleaze Pits in the 1860s represented change but the new branch line to the Frog Lane Pit along with the movement of labour to the pit and the nearby Parkfield Colliery would have ensured that the industrial nature of the area was maintained to well into the twentieth century. In 1903 the new Great Western Railway direct route from Badminton to South Wales and the railway sidings at Coalpit Heath Railway Station would also have had an impact.
The closure of the Frog Lane Pit at Coalpit Heath in 1949 represented a step change in the area and Ram Hill reverted to its agricultural roots, a dispersed linear settlement, adjoining the London to South Wales railway, surrounded by pastoral agricultural land. There were new additions at that time with further ribbon development consolidating the 1920s/30s "plotlands" developments along the convergent minor roads. Another addition was the introduction of a caravan site at Greenacres.
Ram Hill was peaceful in the 1950s and early 1960s without extensive noise and light pollution. The construction of the M4 Motorway to the south of Henfield in the late 1960s began to change the character of the area and the increasing encroachment of night-time lights highlighted the continuing expansion of Bristol and Yate. In time Ram Hill has lost its rural tranquillity and adopted a new role as a commuter satellite to the main urban areas. At the same time the character of the landscape has changed with dairy farming being replaced by new uses in particular "horsiculture".
Industrial archaeology
Coal mines
Ram Hill is situated near the centre of the North Bristol Coal Field, this area at one time having been a coal mining community. Coal had been mined in this area since the fourteenth century and most likely even earlier. However it was Sir Samuel Astry, Lord of the Manor of Westerleigh c1680 who started mining on a grander scale and his descendants, or their business partners, continued to be connected with the Coalpit Heath Colliery Company.
Within Ram Hill itself there were four mines operational in the early nineteenth century:
Ram Hill Engine Pit was an older pit that lay 300 yards downhill to the west of the Ram Hill Colliery. The pit shaft had a depth of 510 ft and the 1772 map records that an early pumping beam engine operated in the pit. According to MJH Southway (1971) the engine at this site had a 7 ft stroke, working 8 strokes per minute and raising 28 gallons per stroke by means of an 11" pump lifting 224 gallons per minute.
Ram Hill Colliery site lies beside the London to South Wales rail line and stands on British Rail land near the Ha' Penny Bridge. The pit was 558 ft deep and was abandoned around 1860. A number of remains are discernible on the ground including the horse gin, the shaft and the tramway lines finishing at an arch. In 2006 the Ram Hill Colliery site was designated by English Heritage as a Scheduled Ancient Monument.
Churchleaze No. 1 Pit lay beside the Dramway where it crosses Serridge Lane (previously known as Churchleaze). The mine site was clearly visible in the 1960s but was "tidied up" by a local farmer and now apart from a declivity in the ground no traces of the pit remain.
Churchleaze No. 2 Pit lay to the south of Pit No. 1, adjoining Henfield Road.
For the nearby Serridge Engine Pit, Orchard (or Middle Wimsey) Pit, No. 11 Pit and New Engine Pit see Henfield.
The underground map of around 1850 shows that the underground roads of the Ram Hill Colliery and Churchleaze pits on Ram Hill joined together with those of the Serridge Engine and New Engine pits in Henfield.
Dramway
In the Railway Act of 1828, parliament granted permission to the Avon and Gloucester Railway Company to build a Dramway (horse-drawn railway) from Ram Hill to the River Avon and this section of the Dramway was completed and in use by July 1832. The Ram Hill Colliery was the northern terminus of the Dramway and to the south of Bitterwell Lake there was also a southern spur to New Engine Pit in Henfield.
This early tramway scheme was designed to provide transport from the mines of Coalpit Heath to the wharves on the Avon at Keynsham which supplied both Bristol and Bath. The Dramway was built as a single track railway, built to a standard 4 ft 8in gauge, with passing places along the route. The whole length of the railway was built on a down hill gradient dropping 225 ft along the route. It lasted only nine years before a steam railway connected the pits.
Railways
Soon after the horse-drawn tramway was in operation pressure built up to convert the line to accommodate steam driven locomotives as the Great Western Railway (GWR) were keen to build a 7 ft gauge line from Bristol to Gloucester. The Bristol and Gloucester Company under the influence of the GWR started to convert the 4 ft 8in tramway to a 7 ft railway on 5 June 1844 and this was completed by 9 July. However the colliery owners at Coalpit Heath still had the right to transport their coal in 4 ft 8in trucks and the section of Dramway from Bitterwell Lake to Mangotsfield North Junction was the first dual gauge railway in the country. Another twist was that the line was sold to the Midland Railway in 1845 rather than to the GWR.
In the 1st edition (1881) Ordnance Survey Map it shows that the southern branch of the railway line finishes at the New Engine Pit at Henfield, the centre branch having served Ram Hill Colliery. In around 1860 a northern branch was constructed near Boxhedge Farm that served the new Frog Lane Pit at Coalpit Heath. This line remained operational for almost 90 years until the closure of the mine in 1949.
The South Wales Main Line was re-routed following the opening of the Severn Tunnel in 1886. The new route was established in 1903 with the building of what is often known as the Badminton Line. This involved the construction of about 33 miles of new track, part of which skirted Ram Hill and Coalpit Heath. The Great Western Railway purchased the land at the Ram Hill Colliery site in 1898 and a deep railway cutting was created immediately north of the former mine. To the west the Coalpit Heath Railway Station was opened and goods yard sidings established. The station fell victim to Dr Beeching's cuts and was closed in the 1960s.
Community facilities
Being a small hamlet Ram Hill does not have its own community facilities although the social facilities are available at Coalpit Heath Cricket Club in Serridge Lane. Social and recreational facilities are provided at Henfield Village Hall, Bitterwell Lake and the Newman Field amenity area in the adjoining hamlet of Henfield.
The hamlet is well served with footpaths and cycleways.
Governance
The two tiers of local government responsible for administering Ram Hill:
South Gloucestershire Council
Westerleigh Parish Council
Planning
In the adopted South Gloucestershire Local Plan Ram Hill does not have a Defined Settlement Boundary on the Proposals Map and there are no sites allocated for new residential development.
The hamlet is within an area defined as Green Belt and is located within the Forest of Avon area. There are also Major Recreational Routes in the hamlet.
Environment
Landscape
Within the South Gloucestershire Landscape Character Assessment SPD the hamlet of Ram Hill is within an area defined as:
Westerleigh Vale and Oldland Ridge – The Study indicates that Ram Hill, a colliery settlement, and Henfield are small dispersed/linear and clustered hamlets respectively, consisting of a mix of Pennant sandstone with more recent render and brick buildings, focused around a convergence of minor roads and lanes. Around the two settlements are scattered farms.
The area of Ram Hill and Henfield comprises a largely strong, irregular rural framework with areas of woodland, mixed overgrown/clipped hedgerows supplemented with wire fences, defining regular shaped fields. The clustered settlement pattern and non-agricultural activities such as storage compounds, are reasonably well integrated as a result of this framework. Horse paddocks are however locally evident where hedgerows have become replaced with fences. Associated ad hoc home-made stables are also evident and atypical of a rural landscape. Large modern agricultural sheds are prominent within older farm complexes within this area.
The small scale settlement at Ram Hill and Henfield is largely well integrated within the framework of hegerow trees and woodland. The area has a generally tranquil character, although the presence of stables and fences associated with the increase in land use change to "horsiculture". modern large farm buildings and storage compounds, can detract from this, visually eroding the rural character and resulting in removal or fragmentation of hedgerows. In places the recreational pressure for "horsiculture" with the associated infrastructure of stables, access tracks, exercise areas, jumps and floodlighting, can result in a change in landscape character.
Biodiversity
One area of Broadleaved Woodland at Ram Hill is identified by South Gloucestershire Council as a Site of Nature Conservation Importance:
Martin Croft Brake
There are no Sites of Special Scientific Interest within the hamlet.
Sport and Recreation
Coalpit Heath Cricket Club
Coalpit Heath Cricket Club, situated in Serridge Lane (formerly known as Chuchleaze) at Ram Hill, has well over 100 years of history. It was based for many years at the recreation ground at Coalpit Heath but has relocated to Serridge Lane where a clubhouse has been created which includes social facilities and a skittle alley. The club is a family orientated club running three Senior sides on Saturdays in the Bristol and District Leagues and a Sunday side in the Village Cricket League.
The club also provides facilities for young players to learn and play the game of cricket within their Youth section. The club is affiliated to the Gloucestershire Cricket Board, Bristol & District Cricket Association and Bristol Youth Cricket League.
Mafeking Hall
This Scout Hall is located at Serridge Lane, Ram Hill and is run by the Cotswold Edge District Scout Council. Both the Hall and Tullett Field are available for hire.
Economy
Ram Hill Business Park – At the old Coalpit Heath Railway Station and associated goods yard sidings a small business park has been created.
Education
The hamlet is served by The Manor C of E Primary School, Coalpit Heath, a primary school catering for pupils aged 5–11.
Older children attend The Ridings Federation Winterbourne International Academy.
Transport
Ram Hill is served by one bus service:
686: Chipping Sodbury – Yate – Ram Hill – Mangotsfield – Kingswood (supported by South Gloucestershire Council)
Notable former resident
Gordon Bennett – who was chief executive of Bristol Rovers, Norwich City F.C. and Aberdeen F.C. and more recently has been Head of Youth Development at Stoke City and holds a similar position at Plymouth Argyle.
Location grid
References
Villages in South Gloucestershire District
Matthew John Derrick-Huie (born September 29, 1994), better known by his stage name John River, is a Canadian rapper, songwriter, and activist. Since 2012, River has released several music videos and two mixtapes—The Calm and The Storm. The music video for his song "Hope City II" went viral online, and was subsequently nominated for much Music Video Award for Best Hip Hop Music Video at the 2015 Much Music Video Awards. His music has been featured in the web series Teenagers.
Early life
River was born and raised in Mississauga, a city within the Greater Toronto Area. He attended Clarkson Secondary School, where he began writing songs and participating in rap battles that took place in the school's stairwells. River did not graduate from high school, instead opting to drop out and focus on pursuing a career in the music industry. River also spent some time in France and Italy, where he trained to become a professional soccer player before concentrating on music.
Career
2012–2014: First mixtape
River released his first mixtape, The Calm, in 2012, at the age of 18; it received positive reviews from music critics. HipHopCanada wrote that the track "Every Evening", "nicely showcased [River's] ability to tell a story, deliver a message and be mindful of keeping the music catchy." Chris Dart of the Torontoist called The Calm a "big, ambitious, high-concept project," concluding that "in an era where rappers are afraid to tackle issues, River doesn't shy away from talking about things like gun violence, the justice system, and teenage pregnancy."
2015–2016: Second mixtape
In January 2015, River released a music video for his song "Hope City II", which has, as of 2017, amassed over 982,000 hits on YouTube. The music video for "Hope City II" was nominated for much Music Video Award for Best Hip Hop Music Video, ultimately losing out to Drake's viral video for "Hotline Bling". That summer, River's song "BLVD", dedicated to fellow rapper Redway, who was killed in a shooting, was chosen by NOW Magazine as one of Toronto's "songs of the summer." Both "Hope City II" and "BLVD" were featured on River's second mixtape, The Storm, which was released in 2015.
Upon release, The Storm received positive reviews; Erin Lowers from Exclaim! wrote that River is "secure enough with himself to be vulnerable, to make mistakes and express emotions," further noting that "The Storm demonstrates the growing pains of modern day rap — balancing the ability to be lyrically aggressive without being heartless..." The mixtape featured production from Wondagurl. In support of the mixtape, River embarked on a college and university tour in late 2015.
In June 2015, River sampled the James Arthur song "Get Down", with altered rap lyrics and verses. A music video for River's version was shot in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada and was directed by Abstrakte and produced by MadRuk Ent. River's version of the track was featured prominently in the second season of the web series Teenagers, which was written and directed by M. H. Murray, who attended Clarkson Secondary School with River.
In June 2016, River's music video concept for his song "Pray For Me" was selected by Bell Media's MuchFACT for funding. In February 2016, XXL named him as one of top ten artists to watch from Canada.
2017–present: Musical hiatus and subsequent return
Throughout most of 2017, River struggled with a series of medical issues, and as a result, he did not release any music. On September 14, 2018, River ended his musical hiatus with the surprise release of a song titled "Burn the Boats". Lyrically, the song focuses on River's journey "back from the dead" after undergoing surgeries due to intracranial hypotension and other medical complications.
Artistry
River has been called a "conscious rapper" on several occasions. In 2016, XXL praised him for being "fearlessly earnest," and described his music as "a touch of J. Cole for his introspective lyrics and flow delivered over solid, stadium-ready beats".
Personal life
Health issues
Since late 2017, River has suffered from serious health issues. In a series of tweets, in January 2018, River explained that he was struggling with "mysterious chest pains, breathing problems, temporary blindness, depressive episodes and an unending stream of diagnostic dead ends". Medical staff at the hospital reportedly failed to diagnose him with any illnesses related to these symptoms. In February 2018, a neurologist diagnosed River with intracranial hypotension as well as paraspinal pain, severe anemia, and a dislocated jaw joint. His intracranial hypotension had caused his brain to "sag for many weeks". In April 2018, River's family revealed that he had undergone a pair of surgeries to fix a brain fluid leak. River announced his recovery and return to music in an Instagram post on August 7, 2018.
Activism
River often speaks out regarding various social justice issues, most notably voicing support for Black Lives Matter and taking part in various protests in support of the movement. At the 2015 Much Music Video Awards, River walked the red carpet wearing a shirt that said "Black Lives Matter" in large, block letters across the front. The Huffington Post called River's shirt "a bold statement." The following year, at the 2016 ceremony, River attracted media attention when he wore a shirt that said "Stop Blaming Muslims" on it.
River is also a supporter of gender equality and the LGBT community.
Accolades
Discography
Mixtapes
2012: The Calm
2015: The Storm
2019: The Academy
Music videos
2015: "Hope City II"
2015: "Get Down"
2015: "The Storm"
2016: "Pray for Me"
2019: "Before I Go"
References
Canadian male rappers
21st-century Canadian rappers
Living people
1994 births
Black Canadian musicians
Musicians from Mississauga
21st-century Canadian male musicians
Cal Performances is the performing arts presenting, commissioning and producing organization based at the University of California, Berkeley in Berkeley, California.
The origins of Cal Performances date from 1906, when stage actress Sarah Bernhardt appeared at the William Randolph Hearst Greek Theatre to help rebuild public morale after the devastating San Francisco earthquake and fire in April of that year.
Cal Performances presents nearly 100 performances annually in five venues—Zellerbach Hall, Zellerbach Playhouse, Hertz Hall, and Wheeler Hall on the UC Berkeley campus, and First Congregational Church of Berkeley—and in site-specific locations and other spaces. The performances range among Modern and Classical Dance, Theater, Instrumental and Vocal Recital, Early Music, Opera, Chamber Music, Jazz, New Music, World Music, Dance & Theater, and a speaking series. Cal Performances serves some 150,000 patrons annually through performances and arts education, residency and community programs.
Mission Statement
The mission of Cal Performances is to produce and present performances of the highest artistic quality, enhanced by programs that explore compelling intersections of education and the performing arts.
History
Cal Performances is the performing arts presenting, commissioning and producing organization based at the University of California, Berkeley. The origins of Cal Performances date from 1906, when stage actress Sarah Bernhardt appeared at the William Randolph Hearst Greek Theater to help rebuild public morale after the devastating San Francisco earthquake and fire in April of that year.
Over the subsequent century, Cal Performances grew to become the largest, multi-discipline performing arts presenter in Northern California, and one of the largest university-based arts presenters in the United States.
Founding and Early Expansion
The San Francisco earthquake and fire of April 18, 1906 proved momentous to the rise of this arts institution in Berkeley. Sarah Bernhardt's landmark performance in Racine's Phèdre on May 17, 1906, was a testament to the restorative powers of the performing arts for the thousands of citizens who had been impacted by the earthquake, and the atmosphere of expectancy surrounding the appearance of “The Divine Sarah” was rewarded by her decision to donate the proceeds of her performance to the Emergency Relief Fund. Bernhardt's wild popularity combined with the Greek Theatre's spectacular design and atmosphere, set in motion the tradition of performing arts presentation in Berkeley. In the words of theater director Samuel Hume, it was the event that “placed the Greek Theatre definitely in the field of the commercial theatre.”
William Dallam Armes, Chair of the Musical and Dramatic Committee, realized that the Theatre's large seating area (of about 6,500) made it economically feasible to invite big-name artists of national and international standing such as Bernhardt. Major stars of the time such as Margaret Anglin and Maude Adams brought notoriety to the campus through the Hearst Greek Theatre, in conjunction; the theatre also burnished their reputations as well.
Soon after the Greek Theatre opened, University faculty and administration realized the need for a smaller stage suited to productions requiring an intimate setting. In 1917, the campus gained a 1,050-seat (now reduced to 700) auditorium with the opening of Wheeler Hall, in the heart of the university campus. Wheeler Hall's auditorium immediately became a vital performance venue overseen by the Musical and Dramatic Committee, where it was possible to increase the variety of chamber music and recital programs offered, as well as drama, lectures and other entertainments.
Though members of the Drama, Music and Dance departments realized that Wheeler Auditorium was not the ideal venue for the performing arts on all occasions, several uncompleted projects and, later, the financial strains of The Great Depression delayed the completion of a venue designed for such performances. The opening of Alfred Hertz Memorial Hall in 1958, with its formidable collection of organs and superior acoustics, was marked by the May T. Morrison Music Festival, a presentation of 11 programs between April 15 and May 22, 1958, presented by the Committee on Drama, Lectures and Music. Music critic Alfred Frankenstein claimed Hertz Hall to be the finest auditorium in California.
1960s-present
Seeing that Wheeler Auditorium and Hertz Hall were not suited for presenting drama and dance, Zellerbach Hall was built in 1968. Zellerbach Hall consists of two main theaters: the 2,015-seat Auditorium (today known as Zellerbach Hall) and the 500-seat, multiform Playhouse. The Playhouse was conceived as a laboratory in which students can learn all aspects of the dramatic arts. Movable seating allows for numerous formations of the stage. The stage of the Auditorium is equipped for all major forms of theater, opera, music and dance productions, and, with the aid of a movable acoustic shell, the magnitude of the stage can be scaled back to suit chamber or recital music programs. Zellerbach has become Cal Performances' main venue for presenting various genres of the performing arts as well as lecture events, and is one of the most well-appointed theaters in the United States.
Artists Presented
Traditional and non-traditional artists regularly appear on or near the UC Berkeley campus in the theaters and concert halls managed by Cal Performances, including Mikhail Baryshnikov, Wynton Marsalis, Cecilia Bartoli, Bryn Terfel, Mark Morris, Yo-Yo Ma, Philip Glass, Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater, Merce Cunningham, Pina Bausch, Bill T. Jones, Peter Sellars, and Robert Lepage; as well as artists based in the San Francisco Bay Area like John Adams, Lou Harrison, Margaret Jenkins, Paul Dresher, Kronos Quartet, Joe Goode, Kaila Flexer, Jon Jang, and Sarah Cahill. Cal Performances is also instrumental in facilitating the touring of large ensembles from abroad, and has hosted such companies as the Grand Kabuki Theater of Japan, the Bolshoi and Kirov Ballet companies, Lyon Opera Ballet and Orchestra, the Kirov Orchestra, the Russian National Orchestra, the Berliner Ensemble, the Beijing People's Art Theater, the Gate Theater of Dublin, Les Arts Florissants, Ballet Nacional de Cuba, and Nederland Dans Theater, among others.
Current Leadership
Jeremy N. Geffen is the current Executive and Artistic Director of Cal Performances. Geffen came to Berkeley in April 2019 from Carnegie Hall, where he held the position of Senior Director and Artistic Adviser. During his 12 years there, Geffen was instrumental in designing and directing visionary artistic projects, built deep and meaningful connections with artists and collaborators, cultivated community partnerships, and aided in the expansion of the organization's rich educational offerings. As part of Carnegie Hall's artistic planning team he led program planning and thematic development for the approximately 160 performances each season at Carnegie Hall, as well as the creation of a wide range of audience engagement programs. Geffen oversaw the expansion of Carnegie Hall festivals including a series of concerts dedicated to the impact of large-scale migrations on American culture. Prior to his appointment at Carnegie Hall, Geffen was Vice President of Artistic Administration for the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra (2005–07) and Artistic Administrator of the New York Philharmonic (2000–05). Geffen serves on numerous advisory boards and frequently adjudicates international competitions. He chaired the nominating jury for the 2013 Pulitzer Prize in Music, awarding the honor to Caroline Shaw, then the youngest recipient in the prize's history. In June 2015, he received Bang on a Can's Visionary Award at the organization's annual gala, and in April 2019, he was honored at Sō Percussion's annual benefit.
Geffen provides the overall artistic vision and executive leadership for Cal Performances, with direct decision-making authority and responsibility for planning all programs, functions, and activities of Cal Performances and Student Musical Activities. This encompasses initiating and commissioning new artistic and educational ventures, including those in association with national and international performing arts centers and festivals, and supporting the educational and research mission of the university through the performing arts program. He also works closely with Cal Performances' board of trustees.
References
External links
Official Site
University of California, Berkeley
Music venues in the San Francisco Bay Area
Culture of Berkeley, California
Andrea Elizabeth Michaels (née Gerson; born December 14, 1943) is an American meeting and event producer, author and speaker. As founder of an international event production company, Extraordinary Events, Michaels and her company produce large corporate events. She is an original member of the special events industry Hall of Fame and the author of a business biography, and is featured in three anthologies.
Early life
Andrea Michaels was born in the Arbe concentration camp (today Rab, Croatia, on the northern shore of the Adriatic Sea) to Lelja Kauders (b. Zagreb, Yugoslavia, August 25, 1923 – d. Los Angeles California, May 30, 2009). Michaels and her mother, along with her mother's Jewish parents, Paul (Palvo) Kauders and Elza Ackerman Kauders, escaped in a small boat across the Adriatic to Italy. Michaels lived in Italy to the age of four with her grandparents until her mother, who had married an American pilot, sent for her to come live in America. The marriage ended, and after Michaels arrived in America, her mother married Peter Gerson, who adopted Andrea and moved the family from Silverlake, California, to Hollywood. When Michaels was ten, the family moved to Burbank, California.
An only child Michaels graduated from Burbank High School in 1961. Michaels attended the University of California at Berkeley in 1961 and 1962, transferring to the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA) before marrying Bob Spritz on February 1, 1964. The marriage lasted ten years, and they had a son, Jon (b. July 24, 1970). After her divorce from Spritz, she changed her last name as well as that of her son's to "Michaels." Michaels returned to UCLA in 1970 and earned a degree, with honors, in Psychology.
Early career
Instead of pursuing a career in Psychology, Michaels began working with the Ron Rubin Orchestras in 1973. During that time, she became interested in the event planning business when there was no formalized industry. She produced her first event in 1978—-a bicentennial celebration for Marsh McClellan Insurance Company. By 1982, the company had been restructured and renamed Michaels, Rubin and Associates. Michaels and Rubin dissolved their relationship in December 1988, and on that same day, Extraordinary Events was launched. At that time, Michaels began to bring to the corporate world the spectaculars that had been produced on football fields, Disneyland and in entertainment venues by the late Tommy Walker and the late Robert (Bob) Jani.
Later career
Extraordinary Events has specialized in planning and producing corporate events globally including Europe, Asia, Canada, Mexico, the Caribbean, Africa, Australia and New Zealand. In 2006, Special Events magazine listed Extraordinary Events as one of the "Top 50 Event Planning Companies." The Los Angeles Business Journal named it Number 28 on its list of the "Fastest Growing Private Companies" in 2006, jumping from Number 80 in 2005 and then to Number 48 in 2005 and then to Number 48 in 2007.
Michaels and her company began to incorporate charitable activities into its events with the rebuilding of an elementary school in Leona Vicario, Mexico, with client CEMEX, a concrete manufacturer, in 2005. The Los Angeles Business Journal and Financial and Insurance Meetings magazine covered the event.
Michaels and Extraordinary Events have won the following awards:
34 Special Events magazine Gala Awards<ref name=Bushido>Wright, David, Bushido Business - The Fine Art of the Modern Professional - with Tom Hopkins, Andrea Michaels, Brian Tracy and Stephen M.R. Covey. Sevierville, Tennessee: Insight Publishing, 2010, pp. 65-76.</ref>
2 Special Events magazine Gala Awards of Excellence
2 WOW Awards
1 Meeting Planners International Paragon Award
2 Society of Incentive and Travel Executives Crystal Awards
3 EIBTM Awards
1 Successful Meetings Super Six Award
National Association for Women in Business Hall of Fame 2002
Event Solutions Magazine Hall of Fame 2002Baragona, Carolyn, "Spotlight Awards/Hall of Fame Inductees," Event Solutions, December, 2002.
In addition to her business biography, Reflections of a Successful Wallflower—Lessons in Business; Lessons in Life, Michaels contributed and was featured in three business anthologies in 2010. They are: Stepping Stones to Success, featuring Deepak Chopra, Jack Canfield, Andrea Michaels and Dr. Denis Waitley; Yes You Can! Reaching Your Potential While Achieving Greatness, featuring Dr. Warren Bennis, Andrea Michaels and Jim Rohn and Bushido Business —The Fine Art of the Modern Professional with Tom Hopkins, Brian Tracy, Andrea Michaels and Stephen M. R. Covey.
Michaels has authored several magazine articles. Two of the most recent ones were published in WE Magazine for Women and are entitled Growing a Business with Creative Thinking, Part 1 and Part 2. Michaels is a regular contributor to Special Events magazine writing about her experiences speaking internationally. Michaels was also highlighted in Anaheim University's CEO Video Interview Series.
Michaels has been the subject of numerous newspaper and magazine articles. A few include Smart Business, Antelope Valley Proz, Special Events magazine, Los Angeles Times, MICE Exchange, Southern California Meetings & Events, The Los Angeles Business Journal, Antelope Valley Proz, Special Events magazine, Los Angeles Times, MICE Exchange, Southern California Meetings & Events, The Los Angeles Business Journal, ExhibitorOnline, Event Solutions, All Business/Successful Meetings, and Meetings & Conventions.''
In 2007, Michaels developed a mentor program to offer an in-the-field special event education and international exchange program to assist event newcomers. Michaels is currently a faculty member at California State University, Long Beach College of Continuing and Professional Education and teaches event management.
Affiliations
Past President of Meeting Planners International, Southern California Chapter
Member and Committee Chair for the Society of Incentive & Travel Executives
Founding member of the International Special Events Society (ISES)
Founding member of the Hospitality Sales and Marketing Association International
Member of National Association of Women in Business
References
External links
http://www.extraordinaryevents.net
1943 births
Living people
American entertainment industry businesspeople
Yugoslav emigrants to the United States
American women in business
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
Businesspeople from Los Angeles
Event planners
21st-century American women
Georges-Élie Amyot (January 28, 1856 – March 28, 1930) was a French Canadian businessman and politician, and founder of Dominion Corset. He was worth $8 million in 1930, at the time of his death.
Early life
Amyot was born on January 28, 1856 to parents Dominique Amyotin and Louise Nolin in Saint-Augustin-de-Desmaures, where he lived and worked on a farm until he was 10 years old. In 1866, his family moved to Sainte-Catherine, where he would live and attend school (being taught English by Irish priests) until he was 14 years of age. In 1870, Amyot moved to Quebec City and was apprenticed to a saddler, Louis Girard. Eventually, Amyot joined into a partnership with Louis Tanguay. In 1874, Amyot moved to New Haven, Connecticut to live with his brother, Bernard, subsequently moving to Springfield, Massachusetts in search of better business opportunities. Three years later, in 1877, Amyot returned to Quebec, and in Montreal was employed as a clerk in wrought iron and boot/shoe businesses. After two years in Montreal, Amyot moved back to Quebec City and was employed by his cousins Joseph and George-Élie Amyot, who were in the business of importing novelty goods. Amyot founded his own store in 1885, but was quickly bankrupted, in large part through the work of Isidore Thibaudeau. Amyot would eventually pay back his creditors in 1894.
Dominion Corset
In mid October 1886, Léon Dyonnet and Amyot went into the corset making business, under the name Dyonnet et Amyot (Léon's wife, Hélène Goullioud ran a corset factory). The agreement stipulated that " Each contributed $2,000 in capital, was entitled to half the profits, and could withdraw $800 a year for his personal expenses." and Dyonnet was to teach Amyot “ all the manufacturing details and secrets and let him benefit from the experience he had gained in the said production process.” In 1888, the company employed about 60 people. One year later, in late March 1889, Dyonnet left for Brazil, and Amyot renamed the company Dominion Corset. Amyot would become the sole owner of Dominion in 1897, after two of his sisters (Odile and Mary-Louise) joined but subsequently left the company. The company grew rapidly, with sales more than quintupling over an eight year period (from $21,000 in 1887 to $58,000 in 1891 and $130,000 in 1895.) Dominion Corset expanded in the Saint-Roch ward, eventually buying the factory of Guillaume Bresse. Amyot began to expand into other related industries, starting a paper box company in 1904, and a steel rod company in 1916. In 1910, the company had a value of $500,000. However, the factory was destroyed by a fire in 1911, leading to losses of 250,000. Amyot rebuilt, and sales soared to 1.6 million in 1918, and 2.6 million in 1919. In 1924, Amyot handed over his company to his son, Adjutor.
Other business activities
In 1895, Amyot opened a brewery, presumably to ensure his financial well being in the event Dominion Corset failed. Along with a partner, Pierre-Joseph Côté, the brewery was founded in the Saint-Sauveur ward. Eventually, Côté left, and was replaced by Michel Gauvin. The company (then known as Amyot et Gauvin) "produced and distributed Fox Head beers, both ale and porter." In 1909, Amyot was the sole owner of the company, and he sold it to National Breweries Limited for $226,500. He invested large amounts of money in real estate, as well as buying 700,000 dollars of Victory Loan subscriptions. Amyot also invested "in numerous railway, shipping, and mining companies."
Politics
In 1887, Amyot did his first work in politics, as a Liberal Party organizer and fundraiser. He was active in the debate over Canadian–American Reciprocity, as well as being a member of the Canadian Manufactures Association, and president of the Quebec Chamber of Commerce in 1906 and 1907. When a by-election was called to fill the seat vacated by Charles Fitzpatrick, Amyot was the nominee, however he was defeated. In 1911, Louis Gouin appointed Amyot legislative councillor for La Durantaye. In 1922, he was chosen to save the Banque Nationale from bankruptcy. The bank was near bankrupt as its largest client, Machine Agricole Nationale Limitée was in large financial trouble. Amyot was appointed president of the bank, and in the end it was merged with Banque d'Hochelaga, with Amyot as vice president of the new bank.
Personal life
Amyot married Joséphine Tanguay in 1885. He had six children.
Death
He died on March 28, 1930, in Palm Beach, Florida. He is buried in Notre-Dame de Belmont cemetery. Senator Frédéric Liguori Béique said:
References
External links
1856 births
1930 deaths
Canadian emigrants to the United States
Membrane-introduction mass spectrometry (MIMS) is a method of introducing analytes into the mass spectrometer's vacuum chamber via a semipermeable membrane. Usually a thin, gas-permeable, hydrophobic membrane is used, for example polydimethylsiloxane. Samples can be almost any fluid including water, air or sometimes even solvents. The great advantage of the method of sample introduction is its simplicity. MIMS can be used to measure a variety of analytes in real-time, with little or no sample preparation. MIMS is most useful for the measurement of small, non-polar molecules, since molecules of this type have a greater affinity for the membrane material than the sample.
See also
Atmospheric pressure chemical ionization
Liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry
References
Mass spectrometry
The rate of youth unemployment in South Korea fluctuated in the 9–11% range between 2001 and 2014. It was above 10% in 2018 and down to 7.1% by the end of 2019 - the lowest level since 2011.
Overall youth unemployment rate in South Korea
According to OECD, the youth unemployment rate (total % of youth labor force aged 15–24 year old) in Republic of Korea(ROK) is as follows: 10.2% in 2001, 8.5% in 2002, 10.05% in 2003, 10.43% in 2004, 10.15% in 2005, 9.95% in 2006, 8.79% in 2007, 9.27% in 2008, 9.84% in 2009, 9.77% in 2010, 9.61% in 2011, 8.99% in 2010, 9.34% in 2013, 10.03% in 2014, 10.52% in 2015, 10.68% in 2016 and 7.10% in 2019. More specifically, the total youth unemployment rate between ages 15 to 29 rose from 7.9% in 2001 to 9.8% in 2016, whilst rising from 6.1% to 9.2% amongst 25-29 year olds. It has been decreasing since then until a low of 7.1% in 2019. In terms of youth inactivity, 7.7% is looking for jobs or attending job training programs while 3.1% are purely inactive, not working, having education nor attending job training programs.
NEET
One of the youth unemployment issues in South Korea is youth inactiveness, where there are growing numbers of inactive youth, defined as the NEET(Not in Education Employment or Training).
The youth in South Korea prefer high education to increase and develop their employability in the labor market rather than seeking jobs, which leads them to become inactive. The reaffirming factors that reduce the chance of employment include: socioeconomic status, household characteristics, and family income. Since 2009, the size of youth NEET is about 20%, higher than the OECD average. Although the proportion of NEET non-job seekers decreased, job seekers of NEET increased. Since 2015, the NEET unemployed remained high, overtaking NEET inactive. This youth NEET are categorizable into income groups, where the highest was low income household, and the lowest was the high income household. The NEET rate of low income youth is 37.7% in 2014, while that of high income is only 9.5% in 2014.
Structural causes of unemployment
Education
Over the past two decades, the number of students enrolled in tertiary education has quadrupled. As of 2007, 80% of college graduates were job seekers while only 30% of jobs demand highly educated workers. With the recent overabundance of high school and college graduates, the requirements of the labor market mismatch the skills provided by the education system.
Poor school-business networks, insufficient employment service infrastructure, and asymmetric labor market information also result in limited possibilities for combining study and work.
Suneung
Suneung, also known as the CSAT (College Scholastic Ability Test), is a series of tests taken for eight hours in one day. The test is usually taken by students in their senior year of high school, which some students call "the year of hell". South Korean households hold education as a priority in their cultural value, believing good education will lead their children to successful careers and lives. Suneung is held every year in November, and the test is said to determine which university a student will attend, as well as future employment and wages. Korean students vie for entry to Seoul National University, Korea University, and Yonsei University, collectively known as "SKY," because those institutions are known to support the connections needed to be employed in government or family-owned conglomerates (chaebols) that come with employee benefits.
To prepare for the Suneung, South Korean parents invest thousands of dollars in tutoring and private education for years of their children's education. South Korea has about 100,000 hagwons (cram/private schools) and in 2017, over 80% of all Korean students attended cram schools. In 2010, around 75% of students attended private education; families spend roughly US$217 a month for years in elementary school, middle school, and high school. The private education industry in Korea is estimated to be worth around US$20 billion. Due to high costs, parents have decided to have fewer children in order to invest quality education for them.
Though families emphasize a great deal for the education, the employment in South Korea's job market from Korea's conglomerates are not guaranteed. In 2016, around 3.34 million degree holders in South Korea had delayed entering the job market in order to seek higher education or find other full-time employment opportunities. According to the OECD, South Korea ranks the highest in population between the age 25–34 years old with tertiary education out of all OECD countries. As a result of investment in private education to test well in Su-neung, domestic consumption has dropped for the middle class in Korea, causing a strain in the economy.
Mental health and fertility issues
In South Korea, the number one cause of death for youth between the ages of 10 to 30 years old is suicide. South Korea ranked the highest in suicide rates out all OECD nations, along with the highest stress levels for youth between the ages of 11 to 15 years old. South Korea spent around 7.3% of its GDP on health expenditures in 2016, but as of 2014, only 2.6% of those health expenditures (US$43 million) was for the mental health budget.
In part due to high suicide rates and unease about expensive education, South Korea's population has the lowest fertility rate out of all OECD countries. Low fertility and an aging population are predicted to reduce tax revenue in the future, which would burden South Korea's welfare system and universal healthcare. Poor welfare could then lead to worsening of the mental illness issue and other social issues. Should the issue remain unaddressed, high costs of education and low fertility will further decrease South Korean domestic consumption, which will lead to slower economic growth.
Segmented groups
The cause of unemployment is different for each segmented group. High school graduate and college dropouts have a higher rate of job separation than college graduates. High job separation is due to the mismatch between jobs and workers, where workers cannot attain jobs they prefer. There is also a low performance for temporary employees and seasonal workers.
Other structural problems
Employment regulations deter youths moving from non-regular employment to regular employment, worsening labor market duality. Non-unemployed youth, especially those with lower education, do not receive assistance for job seeking. Labor market rigidities including inflexible wages, high non-wage costs and employment protection also cause youth unemployment. High employment protection, combined with low standardization of the education system, satisfies a condition for high NEET rate. Additionally, the public sector's investment in regional vocational training is weak, and the private sector, including large enterprises, marginally invests in vocational training.
Economic downturns
South Korea's economic downturns and reduced international competitiveness also cause youth unemployment. Due to the slowing economic growth rate of 3% since 2003, and the coefficient of employment (number of employed workers per every one billion won of GDP) dropping by half of the level of 1990 by 2005, the employment absorptive capacity of the labor market reduced drastically., which makes it difficult for college graduates to find jobs. When demand collapses as in times of economic slumps, the young are the first to be dismissed from companies since they have no work experience. Youth are also disadvantaged in entering the labor market as they compete with older employees with job experience, which makes graduates vulnerable to macroeconomic cyclical depressions, leading to high youth unemployment as well as higher precariousness in transitioning from school to work.
Policy efforts to mitigate youth unemployment issues
History
Policy efforts to tackle youth unemployment produced a result of increased inactiveness and capped unemployment. From 2004 to 2006, government measures tackled 20% of total unemployment issues, focusing on unemployment of college students and graduates. Implementation was left to the colleges themselves, which made it hard for college students to approach the system voluntarily.
Employment Promotion Plan for High School Graduates or Below, in 2006, provided support services to guide job seeking in order to facilitate school to work transition. Also, it supported for vocational high school students, school dropouts and fostering of manual workers.
Recent trends in policy
The recent trends are leaning toward the corporatist policy approach in lieu of the past market driven policy approach. The corporatist approach includes: working hour reduction, public sector jobs reduction, quality improvement in small firm jobs, and expansion of public sector employment.
Policy efforts only accounted for .13% of South Korea's GDP, ranking it the second to the lowest among OECD countries in 2006.
The newly elected president in 2017, Moon Jae-In, won the election in part by promising to reduce youth unemployment. He has claimed to put top priority to expand the public sector for job creation, saying that he would create 810,000 jobs in the public sector. Moon's administration promised to create 174,000 civil service positions in national security and public safety, 340,000 in social services and convert 300,000 irregular workers to fully employed workers. Also, the government increased minimum wages by 16.4% at 7,530 won per-hour, aiming it to become W10,000 by 2020.
Moon Jae-In's administration labor policy had a positive influence in decreasing youth unemployment. As of 2019, the youth unemployment rate was as its lowest level since the late 1990s.
References
Youth unemployment
Economy of South Korea
Unemployment
Fernand Feyearts (1880 – 11 July 1927) was a Belgian swimmer and water polo player who competed for Belgium at the 1900 Summer Olympics and the 1908 Summer Olympics, winning a silver medal in each.
Between 1898-1900, Feyearts was one of the main people responsible for the development of water polo in Belgium, and in 1900, his club the Brussels Swimming and Water Polo Club, traveled to Paris, France, to compete in the 1900 Summer Olympics, after beating French clubs in the first two rounds, his team met the Osbourne Swimming Club who were representing Great Britain in the final, but unfortunately in front of 5000 spectators they lost 2-7, so he won a silver medal.
Feyearts was back at the Olympics eight years later competing for Belgium, at the 1908 Summer Olympics being held in London, in the first round Belgium beat the Netherlands 8-1, with Feyearts scoring six of those goals, in the next round they beat Sweden 8-4, with Feyearts scoring another point, so again they had reached the final and again they were against Great Britain, but again he had to settle for silver medal as they were beaten 2-9, Feyearts scored again and was the tournaments top scorer.
Feyearts also competed in the 100 metre freestyle at the 1908 Summer Olympics, but failed to finish in the top two, so didn't qualify for the next round.
Feyearts became a volunteer during World War I, but in 1917 he was severely wounded and ten years later died of those injuries in 1927.
See also
List of Olympic medalists in water polo (men)
References
External links
1880 births
1927 deaths
Belgian male freestyle swimmers
Belgian male water polo players
Olympic swimmers of Belgium
Olympic water polo players of Belgium
Olympic silver medalists for Belgium
Water polo players at the 1900 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in water polo
Medalists at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1900 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Brussels
Hastijan (, also Romanized as Hastījān; also known as Hashtījān) is a village in Hastijan Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 307, in 99 families.
References
Populated places in Delijan County
The Alice Salomon University of Applied Sciences Berlin (, or ASH) is a vocational university for social work, public health and early childhood education in Berlin, Germany.
History
The university was founded in 1899 by Alice Salomon, a strong advocate for women's rights and social justice. During its early years it was named the "Social School for Women". In 1925, she created an initiative to train women in pedagogy and social work. Though students were mostly from Germany, the school admitted some foreign students, like Rayna Petkova, who would become one of the first professionally trained social workers of Bulgaria. The curricula included both theoretical training and required practical experience. Among the courses offered were family problems, pedagogy, population analysis and change, psychology, social health organization, social work as a profession, youth services, among others. Some of the teachers of the courses, besides Salomon, included Käthe Bonikowsky, Margarethe Freiin von Erffa, Elly Heuss-Knapp, Hilde Lion, Elisabeth Nietzsche, and Helene Weber, among others.
It admitted only women applicants until 1945. It was renamed the Alice Salomon School in 1932 in commemoration of Salomon's 60th birthday. In 1933, the Nazi Party came to power and Alice Salomon was banned from the school and a large number of instructors of Jewish descent were fired. In 1937, Alice Salomon was expelled from Germany and emigrated to the United States. It was not until 1954 that the school reinstated the name "Alice Salomon School".
The school was recognized as a State University of Applied Sciences for Social Work and Social Pedagogy in 1971 and was granted the right to confer degrees, although it once again lost the name "Alice Salomon". In 1991, the 'Alice Salomon University of Applied Sciences' was established as the official name of the university.
Today
The Alice Salomon University is now Germany's oldest and largest training institution of higher education in social work. It is recognized as one of Germany's most research-intensive universities of applied sciences in the social field. One of the cornerstones of the University is applied research.
The modern university building is situated in the district of Berlin named Hellersdorf, nicknamed "Helle-Mitte" (Bright Centre). The square on which the building is located is named after Alice Salomon. Cooperation between the University and the district of Hellersdorf include community projects involving children and youth and the issue of urban development.
See also
Universities, colleges, and research institutions in Berlin
Institute of Technology
References
External links
Homepage
History
Educational institutions established in 1899
Alice-Salomon University
1899 establishments in Germany
Universities and colleges in Berlin
The 100 Best Female Footballers in the World is an annual global ranking of the best female footballers. The list was started by The Offside Rule podcast in 2016. Since 2018 it has also been published in association with the British newspaper The Guardian who have published the male equivalent since its inception in 2012.
The list is voted for by a panel of experts ranging from players and coaches to journalists and broadcasters from around the world. Judges are sent a longlist of 450 footballers and asked to rank their top 40 who are given a corresponding points value. The total across all judges determines the finish position. In 2019, the panel consisted of 93 judges from 44 countries across five continents including newly-appointed USWNT and reigning NWSL champion head coach Vlatko Andonovski, and FIFA Female Player of the Century and legendary China international Sun Wen.
Winners
Number of wins in brackets.
Top 10
As of 2021, 27 individual players have been included in the "Top 10" of the Top 100 list.
Overall
By nationality
As of the 2021 edition, players from 35 nations have made up the Top 100. The United States has been the most represented nation in total (93) with a record 19 individuals in 2019. In 2020, Germany became the first nation other than the United States to be the most represented. Zambia is the most recent nation to debut following Barbra Banda's inclusion in 2021.
Nationality is defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Nationalities by continent
Continent refers to the corresponding continental confederation of the player's nationality.
By club
As of the 2021 edition, players playing for 76 different clubs have been selected. French club Lyon has had the most players in the Top 100 every year. Clubs are counted when a player in the Top 100 played for that team in the same calendar year they were selected. Players may have played for multiple clubs per year.
Clubs by nation
See also
List of sports awards honouring women
The Guardian 100 Best Male Footballers in the World
The Guardian Footballer of the Year
FIFPro World11
BBC Women's Footballer of the Year
References
The Guardian awards
Association football-related lists
Women's association football trophies and awards
Women's association football player of the year awards
is a black-and-white Japanese film released in 1951. The film was directed by Shunkai Mizuho and stars Hibari Misora.
Cast
Masao Wakahara - Yūji Makita
Kuniko Miyake - Sanae Shimura
Hibari Misora - Sanae's daughter Emiko
Ryūji Kita - Sanae's father Taishaku
Chiyoko Fumiya
Shin'yō Nara - doctor
Mutsuko Sakura
Ichirō Shimizu - Murai
Akira Takaya - travelling druggist
Kentarō Taki
Plot
Yūji Makita, a guitar player and singer played by Masao Wakahara, comes to a portside onsen (spa resort) town. Thirteen years prior, he had had a love affair there with Sanae Shimura (played by Kuniko Miyake) which ended poorly; Sanae has since moved to Tokyo, leaving behind her daughter Emiko (played by Hibari Misora) and father Taishaku (Ryūji Kita).
Waiting for her mother to return, Emiko often sits by the water singing a song her mother taught her. As Yūji composed this song himself, and never shared it with anyone but Sanae, he realizes that Emiko must be his daughter. He sends a false telegram to Sanae, saying that Emiko is sick, and that she should come home. Sanae returns, escaping from a man named Murai, from whom she had borrowed money when her father was ill.
Sanae spots Yūji upon her return to the port town, but he disappears again, leaving a note saying that he will visit again, for his daughter's sake. Sanae leaves for Tokyo the very next day, with Emiko, but fails to find Yūji and returns home.
Some time later, they discover Yūji's name in the newspaper, which says that he has been selected to compete in a competition of music composers. Yūji is in the hospital, however, bedridden, and so, in the end, Emiko takes his place in the contest, her parents listening on a radio in the hospital.
References
Japanese black-and-white films
1951 films
Shochiku films
Japanese drama films
1951 drama films
1950s Japanese films
Salemgarh is a village in Hisar division in the state of Haryana, India. It is sharing the same boundary with Bahadurpur.
References
Villages in Hisar district
Luca Castellazzi (born 19 July 1975) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He serves as the team manager of Serie A club Torino.
Club career
Early career
Castellazzi began his career at Monza. He then spent time in Serie B, Serie C1 and Serie C2 with Padova and Pescara, before joining Brescia along with Vincenzo Mazzeo.
Brescia
Castellazzi followed Brescia promoted to Serie A in the summer of 2000. He made his Serie A debut on 21 January 2001, against Vicenza. In the 2001–02 season, he was first choice for the team but during the next season lost his place to Matteo Sereni. After being loaned to Reggina and Catania in the 2002–03 season, he finally became a regular starter again in the 2004–05 season, in which he played all 38 Serie A matches. Castellazzi initially the first choice of 2003–04 season, but lost his place to Federico Agliardi after matchday 4 and regained his place on matchday 23.
Sampdoria
After Brescia were relegated to Serie B in the summer of 2005, Castellazzi joined Sampdoria on a free transfer, signing a reported two-year contract. He received the number 1 shirt from Luigi Turci. The first season he was the backup of Francesco Antonioli, and Castellazzi only played the three matches which Antonioli missed.
In his second season, Castellazzi finally earned a regular place, and in January 2008, he signed a contract extension again which would run until summer 2010.
After the injury during 2009–10 season, Castellazzi lost his starting place to Marco Storari, and in February 2010, it was rumoured he had signed a pre-contract with Internazionale.
In total, Castellazzi played 101 league matches for the Genoese side, while his understudies Antonio Mirante, Gianluca Berti and Carlo Zotti played 22 matches during 2007–08 to 2008–09 season, 11 matches and 1 match in 2006–07 respectively.
Internazionale
On 17 June 2010, Castellazzi joined UEFA Champions League and Serie A champions Internazionale on a free transfer, tying him to the club until 2012. He became one of the understudies to Júlio César along with Paolo Orlandoni and replaced the retired Francesco Toldo. During the 2010–11 season, Castellazzi played in all three major competitions – Serie A, Champions League and Coppa Italia – due to injuries afflicting the first-choice Júlio César.
On 11 May 2012, Castellazzi signed a new contract with Inter, keeping him at the club until 2014.
Torino
Castellazzi signed for Torino on a free transfer after completing his contract with Inter in 2014. He debuted for the Granata on 14 January 2015 in the Coppa Italia against Lazio, replacing Cristian Molinaro after the expulsion of Daniele Padelli.
Castellazzi signed a new deal with Torino in 2015, keeping him with the club until June 2016; once expired, he retired from football to become team manager of the club.
Style of play
An experienced shot-stopper, Castellazzi was known for his professionalism and consistency as a goalkeeper, as well as his excellent reflexes and ability between the posts, which enabled him to produce spectacular and decisive saves. He was less effective and confident at coming off his line to deal with high balls, however. In his youth, he was considered to be a promising goalkeeper, and his main role-models were Luca Marchegiani and Walter Zenga.
Honours
Internazionale
Supercoppa Italiana: 2010
FIFA Club World Cup: 2010
Coppa Italia: 2010–11
References
External links
Profile at La Gazzetta dello Sport (2009–10)
Profile at AIC.Football.it
Living people
1975 births
Sportspeople from the Metropolitan City of Milan
Association football goalkeepers
Italian footballers
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
A.C. Monza players
S.S.D. Varese Calcio players
Calcio Padova players
Delfino Pescara 1936 players
Reggina 1914 players
Catania S.S.D. players
Brescia Calcio players
U.C. Sampdoria players
Inter Milan players
Torino F.C. players
Footballers from Lombardy
2the Max (), officially known as 2the Max Asia Pacific Limited (), is a Hong Kong computer hardware company. Founded in 1984, the company was formerly known as JDR Digital Technologies Limited (). Its products include motherboards, display cards, power supplies, peripherals and surveillance devices. Its products are marketed in Europe, United States, Australia, South Korea, China, Japan and Hong Kong.
Products
Most products carry the 2the Max brand. The company is best known for motherboards and power supplies. Some power supplies are traded under a different brand, MaxPower (), and Maxtron (). These power supplies have been recommended for AMD processors.
Awards
The company has been awarded by ACCA Hong Kong for its good accounting management and gained Innobrand Award 2006 from Junior Chamber International and Hong Kong Brand Development Council. Its computer products and services have also been accredited with the Hong Kong Quality Assurance Association ISO9001:2000 and the "Q-Mark Quality Service" of the Hong Kong Federation of Industries.
Notes
External links
Computer companies of Hong Kong
Graphics hardware companies
Motherboard companies
Computer companies established in 1984
1984 establishments in Hong Kong
Hong Kong brands
Konstantin von Höfler was a German church and general historian, publicist, ennobled anti-nationalist politician and poet.
Biography and works
He was born at Memmingen in Bavaria (southern Germany) on 26 March 1811; died at Prague, 29 December 1898. After finishing his studies in the gymnasia at Munich and Landshut, he studied first jurisprudence and then history at the University of Munich under Guido Görres, Ignaz von Döllinger and especially Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph Schelling, and received his degree in 1831 on presenting the dissertation "Ueber die Anfänge der griechischen Geschichte" [About the Beginnings of Greek History]. Aided by a pension from the government, he studied two more years at Göttingen, where he published a "Geschichte der englischen Civilliste" [History of the English Civil List].
He then went to Italy, residing chiefly at Florence and Rome, and worked there industriously in the examination of original sources. Returning to Munich he accepted the editorship of the official Münchener Zeitung in order to earn a subsistence, but while thus engaged he had by 1838 qualified himself as a privatdozent [private(ly sponsored) professor] in history at the university. The following year he became extraordinary — in 1841 ordinary professor of history; in 1842 he became a member of the Academy of Sciences. In 1839 he published "Die deutschen Päpste" [The German Popes] in two volumes. After this he devoted himself to his duties as professor until 1846, when he fell into disfavour with King Ludwig I of Bavaria on account of the position he took, along with several other professors, in the popular agitation against the relations of the king with the dancer Lola Montez. He expressed his views on the subject in "Concordat und Constitutionseid der Katholiken in Bayern" [Concordat and the Silk Constitution of Catholics in Bavaria], and for this was removed from his university position on 26 March 1847.
Although the king, after some months, took Höfler again into the government service, he was, nevertheless, transferred to Bamberg (in Upper Franconia) as keeper of the district archives. With his accustomed zeal he began the study of Franconian history and published in 1849–52 as the fruit of his investigations: "Quellensammlung für fränkische Geschichte" [Collection of Sources for Franconian History], in four volumes, and in 1852–53 "Fränkische Studien" [Franconian Studies], parts I–V. During the same period, in 1850, he issued "Bayern, sein Recht und seine Geschichte" [Bavaria, Its Law and History] (1850) and "Ueber die politische Reformbewegung in Deutschland im Mittelalter und den Anteil Bayerns an derselben" [On the Political Reform Movement in Germany and Bavaria's Share In It]. Further, in the midst of these labours, he began the preparation of his history textbook Lehrbuch der Geschichte [Textbook of History] which appeared in 1856.
In 1851, when the Austrian school system was reorganized, Count Thun called Höfler as professor of history to Prague where he taught with great success until he retired on a pension in 1882. In 1865 he became a member of the Bohemian Diet, and in 1872 a life member of the Austrian House of Lords. In this latter year he was raised to the hereditary nobility and received the order of the Iron Crown. In politics he was one of the leaders of the German-Bohemian party, a branch of the constitutional party of that period, and was one of the chief opponents of the Czechs.
From 1872, however, he almost practically retired from politics, partly from the increasing opposition which grew up in the German parties in Austria against "Catholicism", partly because the clerical party was drawing closer to the Slavs. Conflicts were unavoidable; on the one hand he was a thorough German, absolutely convinced of the great mission of the Germans in Austria, on the other he was one of the most faithful sons of the Catholic Church. Consequently he gradually withdrew from party politics, without losing, however, his strong interest in the struggles of the mostly anticlerical German-Bohemians against the Czechs, and devoted himself entirely to the cultivation of German sentiment and intellectual life. By his activity, both as teacher and author, he became the founder of the modern school of German-Bohemian historical research, which received enthusiastic support from the Society founded by him, in 1862, for the study of the history of the German element in Bohemia, and in consequence ranks as one of the most deservedly respected historians of Austria.
Höfler gave special attention to the history of the Hussite movement and reached the conclusion that it was directed less against the papacy than against the German power in Bohemia and against the cities. He characterized the movement as "an unsympathetic historical phenomenon, a movement foredoomed to failure, which soon became a burden to itself". He saw in Jan Hus only an antagonist of Germanism, the destroyer of the University of Prague and of the sciences. His works on Hussitism are: "Geschichtsschreiber der husitischen Bewegung" [Historian of the Hussite Movement] (1856–66), in three volumes; "Magister Johannes Hus und der Abzug der deutschen Professoren und Studenten aus Prag 1409" [Master John Hus and the Withdrawal of German Professors and Students from Prague, 1409] (1864); "Concilia Pragensia, 1353–1413" [Pragensian Reconciliation, 1353–1413] (1862). These historical investigations involved Höfler in a violent literary feud with František Palacký, the official historiographer of Bohemia, an enthusiastic representative of Czech interests, and the indefatigable champion of Slavic supremacy in Bohemia. But as the scientific proofs produced by Höfler were indisputable he was victorious in this controversy and broke down Palacký's hitherto unquestioned authority as a historian. These exhaustive studies in Bohemian history led Höfler to deeper research into the history of the Slavic races. In his "Abhandlungen aus dem Gebiete der slawischen Geschichte" [Treatises on the Subject of Slavic History] (1879–82), five volumes, he showed how the Slavic element had always warred against the German element; in the same work he emphasized strongly the importance of the German element in the development of Bohemia.
In other works Höfler treated the ecclesiastical reform movements among the Romanic peoples. The most important of this class of his writings is: "Die romanische Welt und ihr Verhältnis zu den Reformideen des Mittelalters" [The Roman World and their Relationship to the Reform Ideas of the Middle Ages] (1878). Others are: "Der Aufstand der kastillianischen Städte gegen Karl V" [The Revolt of the Castilian Cities Against Charles V] (1876); "Zur Kritik und Quellenkunde der ersten Regierungsjahre Kaiser Karls V" [For a Criticism and Source Study of the First Years of the Reign of Emperor Charles V] (1876–83), in three parts; "Der deutsche Kaiser und der letzte deutsche Papst, Karl V und Adrian VI" [The Last German Emperor and the German Pope, Adrian VI and Charles V] (1876); and "Papst Adrian VI" [Pope Adrian VI] (1880), in which he proves that this pope was the author of Catholic reform in the sixteenth century.
He also composed the two volumes of "Monumenta Hispanica" [Spanish Monuments] (1881–82). Höfler's contributions to the history of the Hohenzollern family are to be found in: "Denkwürdigkeiten des Ritters Ludwig von Eyb" [Memoirs of the Knight Ludwig of Eyb] (1849), and in the monograph "Barbara, Markgräfin von Brandenburg" [Barbara, Margrave of Brandenburg] (1867). Other works worthy of notice are: two volumes of "Abhandlungen zur Geschichte Oesterreichs" [Essays on the History of Austria] (1871–72); "Kritische Untersuchungen über die Quellen der Geschichte König Phiipps des Schönen" [Critical Studies on the Sources of the History of King Phiipps of Schönen] (1883); "Bonifatius, der Apostel der Deutschen und die Slawenapostel Konstantinos (Cyrillus) und Methodius" [Boniface, the Apostle of the Germans and the Slav Apostles Constantine (Cyril) and Methodius] (1887). He also published many papers in the Denkschriften der k.k. Akademie der Wissenschaften [Proceedings of the K.K. Academy of Sciences], in the Fontes rerum Austriacarum [Rerum Austriacarum Sources] and in the Zeitschrift des Vereins für die Geschichte der Deutschen in Böhmen [Journal for the History of the Germans in Bohemia].
Höfler also wrote a number of historical dramas in verse, as well as elegant and thoughtful epigrams; his poetical works, however, met with but moderate success.
Attribution
19th-century German historians
1811 births
1898 deaths
Austrian untitled nobility
19th-century German male writers
German male non-fiction writers
Justin Evan Warfield (born April 20, 1973) is an American musician and hip hop MC. He is the lead vocalist, guitarist and keyboardist of the darkwave duo She Wants Revenge, which formed in 2004.
In 1993, he released a hip-hop album titled My Field Trip to Planet 9, which featured production from Prince Paul and QDIII. His latest album, the self-released Black Hesh Cult Mixtape, was released in July 2013.
Warfield was the featured vocalist on Bomb the Bass' song "Bug Powder Dust", which reached No. 24 on the UK Singles Chart in 1994.
Career
Justin Warfield is musically versatile, having been involved in several different genres over the years, and seems to choose his projects based on personal interest rather than career concerns. For example, his debut album was hip hop, but his next major musical project was a psychedelic rock band that released one album, The Justin Warfield Supernaut. In 1991, he had a hit single with the song "Season of the Vic," which reached No. 18 on the Billboard Hot Rap Singles chart.
He was a member of the group One Inch Punch, which released its only LP, Tao of the One Inch Punch, on Hut Records in 1996. Warfield is one half of the darkwave duo She Wants Revenge, a project different again from any of his previous incarnations. It is a heavily electronic group that is influenced by bands such as Joy Division, New Order, Bauhaus, and Depeche Mode to more contemporary groups such as Interpol, and the Faint, cultivating a stylized visual identity in a contemporary analogue to Depeche Mode and the Cure.
His most commercially recognizable track is probably "Bug Powder Dust," in which he was the vocalist on a Bomb the Bass release, and he was also featured on another track on its album, Clear. He also appeared as a guest vocalist on the Placebo song "Spite & Malice" from the album Black Market Music, the Cornershop song "Candyman" from the album When I Was Born for the 7th Time, the Crystal Method song "Kling to the Wreckage" on the album, Divided by Night, the Chemical Brothers' "Not Another Drugstore" from the single "Elektrobank", and the Freestylers's "Broadcast Channels" from the album, Pressure Point. Additionally, he has done remix work including a remix of "Joel" by the Boo Radleys from its 1995 single "It's Lulu", a remix of "Confide In Me" by Kylie Minogue in 1994 and "Butterfly" by Crazy Town.
Warfield was on several episodes of Saved By The Bell.
Personal life
Warfield is of African-American and Jewish Russian-Romanian maternal parentage.
He is married to Stefanie King and they have one son.
Discography
References
External links
Christian Hoard for Rolling Stone Online
Bradley Torreano at Yahoo! Music
[ Tao of the One-Inch Punch]
She Wants Revenge
Just In Hell: Justin Warfield's MySpace
American rock singers
American male rappers
African-American Jews
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
American people of Romanian-Jewish descent
Qwest Records artists
1973 births
Living people
Jewish rappers
Place of birth missing (living people)
African-American guitarists
American alternative rock musicians
Alternative rock guitarists
Alternative rock singers
American male guitarists
21st-century American rappers
21st-century American guitarists
21st-century African-American male singers
20th-century African-American male singers
William Herman Rulofson (September 27, 1826 – November 2, 1878) was a Canadian-American photographer, who along with his partner, H. W. Bradley, was considered one of the leading photographers in the city of San Francisco, California. He was also the brother of Edward H. Rulloff, a notorious murderer who was hanged for his crime in 1871.
Early life
Rulofson was the youngest of six brothers in Hampton, New Brunswick, Canada, three of whom survived past childhood. His father, also named William Herman, died while Rulofson was still an infant, and his mother, Priscilla Amelia Howard, was the granddaughter of Hannah Lightfoot, who was alleged to have been the first wife of King George III. The Rulofson family had emigrated from Denmark to New York in the early 18th century. Loyalists during the American Revolution, they relocated to New Brunswick in 1781. As a teenager, Rulofson learned how to take daguerreotypes as an apprentice to a relative who was one of the earliest daguerreotypists in Saint John.
By 1846, he was traveling across North America and Europe to gain additional training in his craft. During this period, he was a passenger on when it was shipwrecked off the coast of Northern Ireland. He was able to use his skills to earn enough money to return home, where he married Amelia Violet Currie. Their first son William Howard was born in 1848. Later that year, he left his family and came to California during the Gold Rush, arriving in San Francisco in June 1849. In 1850, he journeyed back across the U.S. to Missouri to meet his wife and son, who had been making their way west. The reunited family then returned to Sonora.
Career
In Sonora, Rulofson established the first permanent photograph gallery in the state and plied his trade with a traveling daguerreotype wagon with partner John B. Cameron, taking portraits of miners. His work was highly regarded, with newspaper articles praising his skill. The mobile nature of his studio proved to be very useful, for at one time, the city of Sonora was destroyed by fire, but he and Cameron simply yoked a team of oxen to pull it to safety. In 1857, he bought out Cameron to become the sole proprietor of his business, which was destroyed in another fire in 1860. However, he had been successful enough to be able to afford to rebuild it.
In 1863, Rulofson moved to San Francisco and joined Bradley's studio, which soon became very well-respected. In addition to being technically proficient, Rulofson had a knack for business, growing the studio with plenty of advertising, as well as supplying prints to newspapers in exchange for bylines. The pair were responsible for numerous portraits of leading Californians and also were noted for publishing the works of Eadweard Muybridge. He even testified on Muybridge's behalf when the latter was on trial for the murder of his wife's lover (he was acquitted, the act having been ruled as justifiable homicide).
Rulofson's photographic talent was renowned. In 1873, he won gold prize at a competition in Vienna, and he was also elected president of the National Photographic Association in 1874. He was also a founding member as well as the official photographer of the Bohemian Club. On one occasion, when taking official photographs of the fortress Alcatraz Island for the Department of War, he was arrested as a Confederate spy but was released.
Rulofson also gained some notoriety for his role in the publication of the satirical The Dance of Death. Written by his son-in-law Thomas A. Harcourt and Ambrose Bierce and released under the pseudonym "William Herman", the book describes the "intolerable nastiness" of the waltz. A man engaged in the dance is described: "his eyes, gleaming with a fierce intolerable lust, gloat satyr-like over [his partner]." Bierce later said, "Rulofson ... suggested the scheme and supplied the sinews of sin." Rulofson himself said of the book, "I have shown society what a loathsome ulcer festers in its midst."
Personal life
Over the years, Rulofson and his wife had five children. After Amelia's death in 1867, Rulofson married Mary Jane Morgan, who was 18 years younger than him and who had been working as a secretary in the photography studio. They also had five children together. Morgan apparently had an eye for the art and was influential in many of his works, although she was never credited as photographer. After Rulofson's death, Morgan took control of his share of the studio, remaining in charge until 1889.
Rulofson was rumored to have a vicious temper. He became estranged from his second son, who went to sea after Amelia's death "to escape the severity of his father's punishment". Upon his return at age 19, father and son agreed that the boy would be adopted by the ship's captain. The children from his first marriage did not appear to take well to his second marriage, as Morgan was of their generation. During one dispute, the youngest daughter of his first marriage died, apparently killed by her half-brother Charles.
William Rulofson died on November 2, 1878, after falling from the roof of the Bradley & Rulofson studio in San Francisco. According to a report by The New York Times, he was heard to have exclaimed, "I am killed" during the descent.
Notes
References
External links
1826 births
1878 deaths
Photographers from California
Artists from San Francisco
American people of Canadian descent
People from Hampton, New Brunswick
Accidental deaths from falls
Accidental deaths in California
19th-century American photographers
The University of the Philippines Cebu (; ; also referred to as UPC or UP Cebu) is a public research university and the youngest constituent university of the University of the Philippines System located in Cebu City, the capital city of Cebu province in the Philippines. It was founded on May 3, 1918, ten years after the founding of UP in 1908.
UP Cebu was formerly under the administrative supervision of UP Visayas, along with three other satellite campuses, namely Miag-ao campus, Iloilo City campus and Tacloban College. On September 24, 2010, the UP Board of Regents elevated the status of UP Cebu to that of an autonomous unit, in preparation for its elevation to the status of a constituent university of the UP System in around five to seven years. On October 27, 2016, UP Cebu was elevated to constituent university status.
The college has two campuses. The Lahug campus is located in Gorordo Avenue, Lahug, Cebu City. It occupies a 12-hectare site which was donated by the Cebu Provincial Government in 1929; however, a fraction of the land is occupied by informal settlers. The new UP Cebu SRP campus features the UP Professional Schools which offers degree programs such as Master of Business Administration, Master of Science in Computer Science, Master of Education and Master of Science in Environmental Studies.
In 2007, the Philippines' Commission on Higher Education (CHED) recognized UP Cebu as a National Center of Excellence (COE) in Information Technology.
Name changes
UP Cebu has undergone multiple name changes as a result of its varied history.
1918: Junior College of Liberal Arts
1922: Junior College of the Philippines
1930: Cebu Junior College, UP
1947: Cebu College, UP
1963: University of the Philippines Graduate School in Cebu
1966: University of the Philippines School in Cebu
1971: Cebu Branch Campus of the University of the Philippines
1975: University of the Philippines College Cebu
1987: Cebu College of the University of the Philippines Visayas
2010: University of the Philippines Cebu College
2016: University of the Philippines Cebu
Administration
As a constituent university of the UP System, UP Cebu is headed by a Chancellor who serves as the chair of the University Council. Management and handling of the College's various administrative functions are divided between the following offices:
Office of the Chancellor
Office of the Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs (OVCAA)
Office of the Vice Chancellorfor Administration (OVCA)
Office of the University Registrar (OUR)
Office of Student Affairs (OSA)
Campus Development and Maintenance Office (CDMO)
Colleges
College of Communication, Art, and Design
School of Management
College of Science
Department of Computer Science
College of Social Science
UP High School Cebu
See also
University of the Philippines High School Cebu
State Universities and Colleges (Philippines)
List of University of the Philippines people
University of the Philippines Baguio
University of the Philippines Manila
University of the Philippines Los Banos
University of the Philippines Visayas
University of the Philippines Mindanao
References
External links
University of the Philippines system
University of the Philippines Cebu
Cebu
State universities and colleges in the Philippines
Universities and colleges in Cebu City
Educational institutions established in 1918
1918 establishments in the Philippines
Daik-U Township is a township in Bago District in the Bago Region of Burma. The principal town is Daik-U.
History
Prior to the Second Anglo-Burmese War, the area around Daik U was composed of small villages. After the British built a railway between Rangoon (now Yangon) and Pyuntaza in 1878, with a railway station at Daik U, a bustling village emerged, accelerated by the construction of a highway between Rangoon and Mandalay in 1923.
Demographics
2014
The 2014 Myanmar Census reported that Daik-U Township had a population of 202,530. The population density was 157.3 people per km². The census reported that the median age was 25.9 years, and a sex ratio of 91 males per 100 females. There were 45,753 households; the mean household size was 4.3.
Attractions
Phayagyi, Waso Ward
Shin Mothti Pagoda, Waso Ward
Maha Wizitarama Monastery, Thandada Ward
Seinpan Monastery, Waso Ward
Kandaw Mingala Monastery, Thandada Ward
Myo-u Monastery, Waso Ward
Lawka Yanaung Pagoda, Shweindon Village-tract
Clear of Conceit all around Pagoda, Taung Galay Village near Mile 74 (Yangon-Mandalay Exp.)
Notable residents
Khin Myint Myint, Miss Burma 1961 winner and businesswoman
References
Townships of the Bago Region
Bago District
Nils Erik Flakstad (23 March 1876 – 9 December 1939) was a Norwegian businessperson and politician for the Conservative Party.
He was born in Åmot as the son of a businessman. His maternal grandfather was Nils Jønsberg. He finished his secondary education in Hamar in 1894, enrolled in law studies and graduated as cand.jur. in 1899. He worked in Moss for two years before being hired as an attorney in Hamar in 1901. He was then CEO of the local savings bank from 1911 to 1931, and CEO of the local brewery from 1921 to 1937. From 1927 he was a member of the board of employers' organisation Norwegian Brewers as well as of Vinmonopolet.
Flakstad was a member of Hamar city council from 1919 to 1922 and 1928 to 1931. He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1922 and 1925, representing the Market towns of Hedmark and Oppland counties. From 1926 to 1927 he was the President of the Lagting. As such he chaired the Constitutional Court of the Realm during the impeachment case towards former Prime Minister Abraham Berge and six of his cabinet members. All seven were found not guilty.
Flakstad also served as a delegate to the Inter-Parliamentary Union Congress in Paris, France in 1927.
References
1876 births
1939 deaths
People from Åmot
People from Hamar
Members of the Storting
Hedmark politicians
Conservative Party (Norway) politicians
Norwegian bankers
James Mcclure Glasgow (1850 – 12 August 1934) was a New Zealand cricketer. He played three first-class matches for Otago between 1866 and 1869.
Glasgow was born in British India in 1850. He was educated at Otago Boys' High School in Dunedin and later worked as a civil servant and as an accountant.
References
External links
1850 births
1934 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
M. S. B. T. B. Dharmasena Bandara Monnekulame was a Sri Lankan politician. He served as the Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Nationalised Services and Road Transport (1956-1959) and was a Member of Parliament from the Kurunegala.
A founding member of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party, he first contested successfully in the 1956 general elections from the Sri Lanka Freedom Party in the Kurunegala electorate and was elected to the House of Representatives defeating Dingiri Bandara Welagedara from the United National Party. He was then appointed as Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Nationalised Services and served until 1959. He was re-elected in the 1960 March general elections and 1960 July general elections, but was resigned on 20 December 1960 when he was found guilty by the Bribery Commission. He unsuccessfully contested the 1965 general elections and his civic rights were suspended for seven years under the following the enactment of the Imposition Of Civic Disabilities (Special Provisions) Act (No. 14 of 1965) based on the Thalagodapitiya Bribery Commission Report. He unsuccessfully contested the 1977 general elections as an independent candidate from the Kurunegala electorate having been defeated by Dingiri Bandara Welagedara.
References
Parliamentary secretaries of Ceylon
Members of the 3rd Parliament of Ceylon
Members of the 5th Parliament of Ceylon
Members of the 6th Parliament of Ceylon
Sinhalese politicians
Sri Lanka Freedom Party politicians
The 1864 Constitution of the Hawaiian Kingdom abrogated the 1852 constitution issued by King Kamehameha III. It dramatically changed the way Hawaii's government worked by increasing the power of the king and changing the way the kingdom's legislature worked. It was Hawaii's constitution from 1864 through 1887, during the reigns of kings Kamehameha V, Lunalilo, and Kalākaua. It was replaced by the 1887 constitution.
Background
Kamehameha V ascended the throne in 1863. He was a firm believer that the king should be the person firmly in control of Hawaii's government and was against certain aspects of the 1852 constitution. Kamehameha V (as well as his predecessor, Kamehameha IV) was often irritated by the controls on his power by the constitution.
Thus, when Kamehameha V ascended the throne, he refused to take an oath to the 1852 constitution. Instead, he called for a constitutional convention.
The Constitutional Convention
For the convention, delegates were chosen by election. They met at Kawaiahao on July 7, 1864 through August 13.
The members of the convention however, were not able to agree on Kamehameha V's constitution. Kamehameha V quickly grew impatient, dissolved the convention and, conferring with his advisors, drafted his own constitution.
On August 20, 1864 he simply abrogated the 1852 constitution as the ultimate law of the land. Even though Kamehameha V's actions did not follow the provisions set by the 1852 constitution on amending the constitution, it went without resistance for 23 years.
Changes in Hawaii's Government
The Constitution of 1864 brought several changes to Hawaii's government. Among these changes were:
Abolishment of the office of kuhina nui (Hawaii's version of the prime minister), an office that Kamehameha I created upon his death.
Change of Hawaii's legislature from a bicameral legislature to a unicameral legislature. Prior to 1864, there were two separate houses in the legislature: The House of Nobles and the House of Representatives. After 1864, the Nobles and Representatives met together as a single body, known as the Legislative Assembly.
Property requirements for representatives were set up.
New voting requirements. Voters born after 1840 had to pass a literacy test and meet certain property requirements. However, the property qualifications for both voters and representatives were repealed by the Legislature in 1874.
References
External links
Text of the Hawaiian Kingdom's Constitution of 1864
1864 Constitution (scanned images)
1864 Constitution (Full text, with access to the English translation, and other resources)
Constitution of the Hawaiian Kingdom
Hawaii law
Constitution of Hawaii
Hawaiian Kingdom
1864 in Hawaii
Edward Joseph Ducy (February 4, 1920 – December 9, 2008) was an American Negro league second baseman in the 1940s.
A native of New Orleans, Louisiana, Ducy was the younger brother of fellow Negro leaguer Ralph Ducy. He played for the Homestead Grays in 1947, and died in Los Angeles, California in 2008 at age 88.
References
External links
and Seamheads
1920 births
2008 deaths
Homestead Grays players
Baseball second basemen
Baseball players from New Orleans
20th-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American people
The Byedaik (, lit. "Bachelor Chambers") served as the Privy Council in pre-colonial Burma, by handling the court's internal affairs and also served as an interlocutor between the king and other royal agencies, including the Hluttaw.
Origins
The Restored Taungoo Dynasty saw the establishment of a state administration system involving two major administrative bodies, the Hluttaw, and the Byedaik, that was left unchanged until the demise of the Konbaung dynasty in 1885.
Etymology
The word bye stems from Mon blai (), meaning "bachelor."
Composition
During the Konbaung dynasty, the Byedaik consisted of:
Eight Atwinwun (, c.f. 'Ministers of the Interior')- communicated business affairs of the Hluttaw to the king, administered internal transactions of general affairs relating to the royal court.
Thandawzin (, "Heralds") - performed secretarial duties and attended king's audiences to note king's orders and forward them to Hluttaw for inscription.
Simihtunhmu (, lit. "Lamp Lighters") - kept a list of all persons sleeping in the palace
Hteindeinyanhmu (, "caretakers of royal appointments") - performed menial tasks such as maintaining the palace furniture, draperies and other appointments
Responsibilities
The Byedaik maintained the inner affairs of the royal court, whereas the Hluttaw was responsible for state affairs, including fiscal, executive, and judicial responsibilities and managed the kingdom's government. The Byedaik relayed and facilitated communication between the monarch and the Hluttaw, and filtered information that was relayed from the Hluttaw. This gave the Byedaik immense influence in the court, as they were able to censor communications and formulate edicts returned to the Hluttaw, and serve as confidential advisors to the monarch. The Byedaik also supervised military security in the palace's royal living quarters. The Byedaik's influence created constant tensions with the Hluttaw, especially during coup attempts.
See also
Konbaung Dynasty
Hluttaw
Notes
References
History of Myanmar
Konbaung dynasty
Privy councils
Toni Milanović is a Croatian cruiserweight kickboxer from Split, Croatia.
Career and biography
On November 24, 2012, Milanović won Souboj Titánů, a four-man tournament under K-1 rules in Plzeň, Czech Republic. In the semifinals, Jan Tůma was two times in knockdown. In the final, Keclik also suffered knockdown and Milanović he took deserved victory over David Keclik. He was awarded King of the titans title as the best fighter on the tournament, who was invited only one day before it happened.
On December 9, 2012, he was scheduled to fight the best Serbian kickboxer Nenad Pagonis on Supreme Fighting Championship organisation, but the opponent withdrew from the fight due to injury. However he faced much heavier Serbian fighter Dragan Jovanović; he weighed and Milanović around . Jovanović was gold medalist in W.A.K.O. European Championships in Ankara, Turkey 2012. Milanović won the fight by unanimous judges' decision. The fight was held in Supreme FC organisation.
He faced Jason Wilnis in a super fight at K-1 World Grand Prix 2012 Final in Zagreb, Croatia on March 15, 2013, in the -85 kg category. Before the fight he said: "May plan is to prove in the near future that I'm the best fighter in the world in this weight class". At official weigh-ins, Milanović weighed 84.8 kg. However, he lost the fight in the first round.
He took a unanimous decision victory over Ibrahim El Bouni at Final Fight Championship 3: Jurković vs. Cătinaș in Split on April 19, 2013.
Doping suspension
In 2012, Milanović was banned for four years by the Disciplinary Commission of the Croatian Muaythai Federation after he tested positive in 2010 for three banned substances, including boldenone, salbutamol and methylhexanamine. Initially, he was suspended for only one year but the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) appealed to the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
Titles
Professional
2015 Venum Victory World Series -95 kg Elimination Tournament Champion
2012 Souboj Titánů tournament champion -86 kg (K-1 rules)
Amateur
2016 W.A.K.O. European Championships in Maribor, Slovenia −91 kg (Low-Kick rules)
2015
2014
2013
2011 W.A.K.O. World Championships in Skopje, Macedonia −91 kg (Low-Kick rules)
2010 W.A.K.O. European Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan −91 kg (Low-Kick rules)
2010
2009 W.A.K.O. World Championships in Villach, Austria −86 kg (Low-Kick rules)
2009 W.A.K.O. World Cup in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina −91 kg (Low-Kick rules)
2009
2008 W.A.K.O. World Junior Championships in Naples, Italy −86 kg (Low-Kick rules)
2008
2008
2008
2008
2007
Kickboxing record
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
Living people
Croatian male kickboxers
Cruiserweight kickboxers
1990 births
SUPERKOMBAT kickboxers
Doping cases in kickboxing
Hasim Nagar is a small village in Odisha, India. It belongs to the Jagatsinghpur district. The 2011 Census of India states that there are one hundred eighty four people live in the village, with a literacy rate of 90.64%, which is well above the Odisha state average of 72.87%.
References
External links
Villages in Jagatsinghpur district
A magnitude 6.8 earthquake struck Myanmar west of Chauk on 24 August 2016 with a maximum Mercalli intensity of VI (Strong). It struck at 5:04 pm local time (10:34 UTC), and was centered in an isolated area. The estimated depth was 84.1 km. Tremors from the earthquake were felt in Yangon, in the eastern cities of Patna, Guwahati, and Kolkata in India, in Bangkok in Thailand and in Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh. According to reports, several temples in the nearby ancient city of Bagan were damaged and four people were reported dead.
See also
List of earthquakes in 2016
List of earthquakes in Myanmar
References
External links
2016 earthquakes
2016 in Bangladesh
2016 disasters in India
2016 in Myanmar
2016 in Thailand
Earthquakes in Bangladesh
Earthquakes in India
Earthquakes in Myanmar
Earthquakes in Thailand
August 2016 events in Asia
Swimming at the 2013 Games of the Small States of Europe was held from 28–31 May 2013 at d'Coque, Luxembourg.
Medal summary
Medal table
Men
Women
References
External links
Site of the 2013 Games of the Small States of Europe
Result book
2013 Games of the Small States of Europe
2013
Games of the Small States of Europe
SoCal Derby is a women's flat track roller derby league in San Diego, California. The league has two teams which play teams from other leagues, and is a member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA).
History
The league was founded in 2011 by Ivanna S. Pankin and Trish The Dish.
"#1-Armed Bandit", a skater with SoCal, was selected to play for Team Scotland at the 2011 Roller Derby World Cup.
SoCal Derby was accepted into the Women's Flat Track Derby Association Apprentice Program in January 2012, and graduated to full WFTDA membership in December 2012.
In 2014, SoCal Derby partnered with South Coast Derby. The two small leagues provisionally merged business operations, leadership boards and practice calendars, but ultimately disconnected in 2015.
After a year long game hiatus, SoCal Derby announced a partnership in December 2015 with local Roller Derby Coalition of Leagues (RDCL) banked track league San Diego Derby Dolls to share a facility and create the first coalition between a banked and flat track league under one roof in modern roller derby.
WFTDA competition
The SoCal charter team, the Kraken, rose from unranked in their first full membership season to rank #38 and received an invitation to the WFTDA Division 1 Playoffs in 2014. The tenth seed in Charleston, SoCal lost their first two games to Mad Rollin' Dolls and Naptown Roller Girls, putting them in the tenth place game, which they lost 183-133 to Jet City Rollergirls to finish the tournament in tenth place.
Rankings
References
External links
Game History at Flat Track Stats
League website
Women's sports in the United States
Sports in San Diego
Women's Flat Track Derby Association Division 3
Roller derby leagues in California
Roller derby leagues established in 2011
2011 establishments in California
Băbăița is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Băbăița and Merișani. It included two other villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Frăsinet Commune.
The commune is situated in the Wallachian Plain, north of the county seat, Alexandria.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
The cantera (quarry) of Spanish professional football club Real Betis is the organisation's youth academy, developing players from childhood through to the integration of the best prospects into the adult teams.
The final category within the youth structure is the Juvenil A under-18/19 team, which represents the club in national competitions. Successful graduates usually move to the club's reserve team, Betis Deportivo, which is also considered part of the cantera due to being a stage in progression towards the senior team, albeit competing in the adult league system (currently Segunda División B).
The academy is based at the club training complex, Ciudad Deportiva Luis del Sol.
Background and structure
The top football clubs in the Spanish leagues generally place great importance in developing their cantera to promote the players from within, or sell to other clubs as a source of revenue, and Real Betis is no exception. Their youth recruitment network is focused around their home region of Andalusia, and in particular the Province of Seville, and there are collaboration agreements in place with small clubs in the region.
The club training complex is named in honour of Luis Del Sol, a 1950s youth graduate who went on to greatness with Real Madrid, Juventus and Spain.
Betis face a battle with city rivals Sevilla to sign the best local prospects. As at senior level, over recent years Sevilla have been slightly superior to Betis, both in terms of success in youth competitions and producing quality players for the first team.
The core of young prospects are first introduced into the Benjamín teams at around age 8, and advance by an age group every season through Alevín, Infantil, Cadete and Juvenil levels. The players who are retained by Betis after their Juvenil A spell (aged about 18) would typically join reserve team Betis Deportivo, to gain experience in an adult league (Segunda División B level in most years). They can spend up to five years with the B team, often with some loan spells at other clubs included, although the best players usually move up to the senior team within 2 seasons if considered ready to do so, with the remaining B team members augmented by the next set of youth graduates in their ongoing battle to retain their divisional status.
The best achievements of the Betis senior side in the early 21st century, when they won the 2004–05 Copa del Rey, finished 4th in the league, and qualified for the Champions League. This was accomplished with a high number of homegrown players in the squad including Capi, David Rivas, Arzu, Melli and Juan José Cañas whose careers were defined by their long spells at Betis, plus Joaquín who later transferred to Valencia for €25 million.
In the subsequent decade, the production line of canteranos did not stall entirely, but the Verdiblancos never came close to developing another group of that quality, nor were they able to nurture any exceptional individuals who could be sold on for economic benefit, until 2017 when Dani Ceballos signed for Real Madrid for €18 million. The same club have also tempted younger players to join their academy from that of Betis for little or no fee, 15-year-old Fernando Rufo following in the footsteps of several others in summer 2018. The record for the largest fee received by the club was soon eclipsed in July 2018 with the €30 million purchase of Fabián Ruiz by Napoli, while Junior Firpo went to FC Barcelona a year later for another €18 million fee.
National competitions
The Juvenil A team play in Group IV of the División de Honor Juvenil de Fútbol as their regular annual competition. Their main rivals in the league group are Sevilla and Málaga. The under-17 team, Juvenil B plays in the Liga Nacional Juvenil de Fútbol, which is the lower division of the same structure.
The team also regularly participates in the Copa de Campeones and the Copa del Rey Juvenil, qualification for which is dependent on final league group position. In these nationwide competitions, the opposition includes the academy teams of Barcelona, Athletic Bilbao, Espanyol and Real Madrid.
International tournaments
It is possible for Betis Juvenil to participate in the UEFA Youth League, either by winning the previous season's Copa de Campeones or by way of the senior team qualifying for the UEFA Champions League group stages, but so far neither has been achieved.
Head coaches
Current squads
Juvenil A
Juvenil B
Famous players
Notable graduates who passed through the youth system on their way to establishing themselves with the Betis senior side and/or other clubs include:
players currently at Betis in bold, 'graduation' year in parentheses
Luis del Sol (1953)
Juanín (1957)
Rogelio Sosa (1962)
Paco Telechia (1966)
Francisco Bizcocho (1968)
Sebastián Alabanda (1969)
Rafael Gordillo (1975)
Antonio Casado 1979)
Álex (1979)
Joaquín Parra (1980)
Gabino (1982)
Chano (1984)
Eduardo Rodríguez (1984)
Juan Antonio Ureña (1986)
Juan Merino (1989)
Ángel Cuéllar (1989)
Roberto Ríos (1990)
Juan José Cañas (1990)
Capi (1995)
Diego Tristán (1995)
Fernando Varela (1996)
David Rivas (1997)
Arzu (1999)
Toni Doblas (1999)
Dani (1999)
Joaquín (1999)
Melli 2001)
Manuel Arana (2002)
Álvaro Cejudo (2003)
José Isidoro (2005)
Javi López (2005)
José Cañas (2005)
Adrián (2006)
Alejandro Pozuelo (2010)
Álvaro Vadillo (2011)
Alex Martínez (2012)
Rafa Navarro (2013)
Dani Ceballos (2014)
Fabián (2014)
Francis (2015)
Junior Firpo (2015)
Season to season (Juvenil A)
Superliga / Liga de Honor sub-19
Seasons with two or more trophies shown in bold
División de Honor Juvenil
Seasons with two or more trophies shown in bold
Honours
National competitions
División de Honor Juvenil (Group III): (regional league)
5 1978, 1980, 1983, 1984, 1985 (Liga Nacional Juvenil 1975-86)
3 2002, 2006, 2010 (current format since 1995)
Copa de Campeones:
0 (runners-up 1990) (Superliga Juvenil / Liga de Honor Sub-19, single league, 1986–95)
0 (2nd in semi-final group 2006) (current format since 1995)
Copa del Rey Juvenil: (since 1951)
4 times winners 1983, 1990, 1998, 1999
2 times runners-up: 1962, 1992
Notes
References
Real Betis
Football academies in Spain
División de Honor Juvenil de Fútbol
Iola High School is a fully accredited high school located in Iola, Kansas, United States, serving students in grades 9–12. The current principal is Scott Carson. The mascot is Marv the Mustang. The school colors are blue and gold.
Extracurricular activities
Athletics
The Mustangs compete in the Pioneer League and are classified as a 4A school, by the KSHSAA. Throughout the history of Iola athletics, the Mustangs have won 3 state championships and the Fillies have won 1 (see table below).
State championships
See also
List of high schools in Kansas
List of unified school districts in Kansas
References
External links
Schools in Allen County, Kansas
Educational institutions in the United States with year of establishment missing
Public high schools in Kansas
Olearia arida is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae and is endemic to inland western Australia. It is upright shrub with spreading branches and clusters of white flowers.
Description
Olearia arida is an upright shrub with a single woody stem or a spreading habit high covered densely with flattened short soft matted hairs. The sessile leaves are long and narrow long and wide, broadening to a rounded apex. The upper-side of leaves are smooth and sticky, the under-side a woolly white with an obvious mid-vein with a rolled edge and glands. The cluster of 10-15 white flowers are on a short stem in leaf axils. The flower bracts are arranged in 3 rows, bell-shaped, smooth, pale, sticky, often purplish and broader at the apex and about long. The flower centre is yellow, blooms appear from July to September. The smooth, dry one-seeded needle-shaped fruit are about long with fine longitudinal lines.
Taxonomy and naming
Olearia arida was described in 1918 by Ernst Pritzel and published in Repertorium Specierum Novarum Regni Vegetabilis. The specific epithet (arida) is derived from the Latin word aridus meaning "dry".
Distribution and habitat
This species grows on sand hills in the Coolgardie, Great Victoria Desert and Murchison biogeographic regions of Western Australia, in the far north-west of South Australia and the far south-west of the Northern Territory.
Conservation status
This daisy is listed as "Priority Four" in Western Australia, by the Government of Western Australia Department of Biodiversity, Conservation and Attractions, meaning that it is rare or near threatened.
References
Flora of Western Australia
alpicola
Flora of South Australia
Flora of the Northern Territory
Taxa named by Ernst Pritzel
Plants described in 1918
Count Raoul du Bisson (11 January 1812 – 27 February 1890) was a French aristocrat, adventurer and agent provocateur. He belonged to a Norman family ennobled by Louis XVIII and was a relative of Henri Conneau, a personal friend and physician of Napoleon III.
In 1863, Du Bisson recruited a band of directionless Europeans in the cafés of Egypt and marched them down to Khartoum, where he pronounced it his intention to establish a colony for the production of cotton. Crossing into the Sudan, his party had been inspected by Egyptian customs and was found to be in possession of numerous arms and even cannon. This has led to the supposition that he may have been acting on the orders of Khedive İsmail Paşa, who was planning an invasion of Ethiopia. After inquiries with the French authorities regarding his credentials, İsmail abandoned his plans and Du Bisson was on his own.
In Khartoum, Du Bisson made numerous demands on the governor-general, Musa Paşa Hamdi, who eventually declared him persona non grata. In early 1864 he led his band to Kassala, thence eastward to Kufit. There he claimed that he had the support of the French government to punish the Ethiopian emperor Tewodros II for having declared the French vice-consul Guillaume Le Jean persona non grata in Ethiopia. The British formally protested Du Bisson's presence, but the French government denied any involvement. Nevertheless, the presence of a group of sixty armed Europeans on his border—and who had only gotten there with the connivance of the khedive and the governor-general—led Tewodros to suspect a French–Turkish–Egyptian alliance against him.
Du Bisson also intrigued with the local Beja tribesmen and the Egyptian government eventually ordered him to leave. His men left via Kassala and Sawakin, but not before helping put down the mutiny of the 4th Regiment at Kassala. He published an account of his Sudan adventure in 1868.
After the Sudan, Du Bisson returned to France. There are contradictory reports of his ultimate fate. According to some, he was killed in the fighting during the siege of Paris by the Germans in 1870. According to others, he got involved in the Paris Commune in 1871 and was forced into exile, where he died. According to yet others, he was the leader of the republican Central Committee of the Twenty Arrondissements and boastfully claimed to have been a Carlist in Spain, a Legitimist under the Second Empire, and a general of King Ferdinand II of the Two Sicilies.
Works by Du Bisson
Du Bisson, Raoul. Les Femmes, les eunuques et les guerriers du Soudan [The Women, Eunuchs and Warriors of the Sudan]. Paris: H. Dufton, 1868.
References
19th-century French people
Military personnel of the First Carlist War
Sunnyvale is the name of two places in New Zealand:
Sunnyvale, Auckland, a suburb of Auckland
Sunnyvale, Otago, a suburb of Dunedin
Colette Moeglin (born 1953) is a French mathematician, working in the field of automorphic forms, a topic at the intersection of number theory and representation theory.
Career and distinctions
Moeglin is a Directeur de recherche at the Centre national de la recherche scientifique and is currently working at the Institut de mathématiques de Jussieu. She was a speaker at the 1990 International Congress of Mathematicians, on decomposition into distinguished subspaces of certain spaces of square-integral automorphic forms.
She was a recipient of the Jaffé prize of the French Academy of Sciences in 2004, "for her work, most notably on the topics of enveloping algebras of Lie algebras, automorphic forms and the classification of square-integrable representations of reductive classical p-adic groups by their cuspidal representations". She was the chief editor of the Journal of the Institute of Mathematics of Jussieu from 2002 to 2006.
She became a member of the Academia Europaea in 2019.
Mathematical contributions
She has done work both in the pure representation theory of Lie groups real or p-adic (the study of unitary representations of those groups) and in the study of the "automorphic spectrum" of arithmetic groups (the study of those unitary representations which have an arithmetic significance), especially in the area of the Langlands programme.
A prominent example of her achievements in the former is her classification, obtained with Jean-Loup Waldspurger, of the non-cuspidal discrete factors in the decomposition into irreducible components of the spaces of square-integrable invariant functions on adelic general linear groups.
For this purpose it was first necessary to write down in a rigorous form the general theory of Eisenstein series laid down years earlier by Langlands, which they did in a seminar in Paris the content of which was later published in book form.
Another notable work in the domain, with Waldspurger and Marie-France Vignéras, is a book on the Howe correspondence. With Waldspurger, Moeglin completed the proof of the local Gan–Gross–Prasad conjecture for generic L-packets of representations of orthogonal groups in 2012.
She did much work on the programme of James Arthur to classify automorphic representations of classical groups, and she was invited to present Arthur's ultimate solution to his conjectures at the Bourbaki seminar.
Selected publications
References
External links
Homepage at IMJ
Living people
20th-century French mathematicians
21st-century French mathematicians
1953 births
Members of Academia Europaea
Henry Hussey (27 August 1825 – 6 May 1903) was a pastor in the colonial days of South Australia, closely associated with the Christian Church on Bentham Street along with pastors Abbott, Finlayson and Playford. He was the author of several influential books on religious themes, and a memoir.
History
Hussey was born in Wimborne, Dorsetshire or Kennington, London, the second son of George Edward Hussey of Poole, Dorset, who claimed Norman descent, and Catherine Hussey, née Burt.
Hussey was educated at a dame school in a house once occupied by the poet William Cowper, and was first employed as office boy for a firm of brewers.
In March 1839 George and Catherine Hussey and four of their children left for South Australia aboard Asia, arriving at Holdfast Bay on 16 July. The two eldest children, George Edward and Mary Ann, if surviving, do not appear on the ship's passenger list.
The family, with hundreds of others, camped at "Emigration Square" on the parklands west of Hindley Street, Adelaide, later found accommodation on Hindley and Rundle streets.
Business
Hussey found work selling bread door-to-door, as an office boy, on coastal shipping and other endeavours. In 1840 he moved with his father to Port Adelaide, and in August 1841 found employment as a compositor with the printer George Dehane, working on his short-lived newspaper The Adelaide Independent and Cabinet of Amusement.
He tried country life for a while, but returned to Dehane's printery, where he was involved in production of the first number of John Stephens' The Adelaide Observer (1 July 1843).
His father ran a "bazaar" selling small luxuries, coupled with a land agency, on Hindley Street, at that time Adelaide's premier shopping strip, sharing the premises with his wife Catherine, who started a millinery business. He had plans to move his place of business to the newly developing Port Adelaide, but died in September of the following year. Mrs Hussey's business flourished, and she built new premises on King William Street, between Rundle and Grenfell, in August 1844.
By 1844 Hussey was an ardent church-goer, attending the (Anglican) Trinity Church, adjacent to Dehane's printery. He left Dehane and joined the staff of the General Post Office, delivering letters to the east side of the city, but after a few months returned again to the print shop.
In 1850 he was able to branch out on his own, and in January 1851 printed the first issue of The Church Intelligencer and Christian Gleaner, a subscription monthly edited by Archdeacon Hale and the Revs. W. J. Woodcock and W. H. Coombs. This publication ceased in April 1852, at a time of recession brought about by the rush to the goldfields of Victoria. Hussey took over printing and publication of The Register, up to that time handled by William Kyffin Thomas, commencing with the issue of 11 February 1852.
Kyffin Thomas returned to the newspaper early in the new year (he had been at the goldfields).
Hussey returned to job printing in July 1853 from premises on King William Street, opposite the Southern Cross Hotel. In 1854 he took on
J. T. Shawyer as partner David Gall was admitted to the partnership in July 1855, trading as Hussey, Shawyer and Gall on King William Street, "near Green's Exchange", which may have been the same premises at 47 King William Street later described as "adjacent Green's Auction Mart", "at the end of a long passage".
Shawyer left in 1856 to open his own printery on Gawler Place, and Hussey and Gall continued to March 1857.
In December 1853 his mother sold her premises on King William Street to F. H. Faulding for £1,000 and reopened on O'Connell Street, North Adelaide. She apportioned her windfall gains to her children; Henry used his share to purchase further blocks of land: one on Victoria Square, one on Wellington Square, one at Goolwa, and one at Port Elliot.
From January to December 1854 Hussey (or Hussey & Shawyer) published The South Australian Sunday School Magazine
In July 1858 he published the first number of the monthly quarto The Christian Advocate and Southern Observer. At some stage Gall took over publication and the quarter beginning July 1859 may have been its last.
Rather than retire from business altogether, Hussey accepted a position in the Government Printing Office.
In 1866 George Fife Angas, a wealthy pastoralist and member of Hussey's church, offered him a position as his private secretary, succeeding William Ramage Lawson, who had embarked on a career in journalism.
Among his duties was the selection and collection of personal papers for a biography of the great man.
He also assisted him in founding the Bushman's Home, opened on the south-east corner of Whitmore Square, a building previously the city residence of Judge Cooper, in May 1870/
Religion
Although already a regular churchgoer, Hussey's interest in religion quickened around the time he started at Dehane's printery on Morphett Street and became involved with the nearby Trinity Church.
From 1844, at age 18, to 1851 he conducted Bible classes for children of the church.
He was at Holy Trinity during the incumbency of Colonial Chaplain C. B. Howard and James Farrell, a pre-millenarian, who may have ignited his preoccupation with the Second Coming and Scriptural prophesies.
He moved to North Adelaide, and started a Sunday School at Christ Church on 23 December 1849.
In March 1853 he was licensed as a lay reader by Bishop Short.
He was invited to a preliminary meeting held 8 February 1853 to start a local chapter of the Young Men's Christian Association (now YMCA) by Charles Henry Goode. (Goode was one of its first members in London, and a close acquaintance of founder George Williams.) The formation meeting, held four months later, was addressed by W. Roby Fletcher.
In April 1854 Hussey left the printing business in the hands of his partner, John Thomas Shawyer (1825–1895), and left on a trip to the United States, visiting Tahiti and Panama on the way.
He had previously had misgivings about the baptism of children, and while in the United States he came under the influence of the "Disciples of Christ", whose tenets included adult baptism by total immersion. He was baptised by its founder Alexander Campbell (1788–1866) at Bethany, Virginia on 6 August 1854.
He continued to England, where he prepared his book The Australian Colonies for publication.
On his return to South Australia after more than a year's absence, he lectured at the Bible Christian Church, whose views on baptism were similar to his own, at their chapel in Franklin Street (later known as Maughan Church).
He attracted some followers in the districts south of Adelaide such as McLaren Vale, and baptised them in local rivers.
He frequently preached at the "Christian Church" (closely allied with the "Disciples of Christ" or "Christian Disciples Church"), which had a chapel in Bentham Street, founded October 1848, whose pastor was Thomas Playford.
They built another church in Grote Street around 1857, greatly enlarged in 1873.
A dispute arose in the church, and Hussey and others broke away, and for a time met in J. L. Young's schoolroom on Gawler Place. The nature of the controversy is not known, but a common source of disagreement was the use of certain musical instruments in church: some arguing that only activities mentioned in Scripture were allowed, others that what is not forbidden may be permissible.
He was one of many Protestant leaders who decried the failure of the Marriage Bill before the House in December 1866, its failure being applauded by the Catholic hierarchy.
He was secretary to the committee formed for drafting the second Marriage Bill, which passed both houses in December 1867.
Hussey was involved in the elections of 1871, when he helped return John Pickering to the seat of West Torrens.
He once declared himself a candidate for public office (Encounter Bay in 1875) but dropped out after faring poorly at a public debate. It has been asserted that he withdrew following criticism from some fellow-religionists.
Hussey was a regular contributor to The Protestant Advocate, an anti-Catholic weekly which ran from 1870 to 1879, edited by John Griffiths and published by the proprietor James Heath Lewis (c. 1816 – 6 December 1890)
In 1871 Griffiths resigned his position on principle, but later returned to the paper.
In 1872 the Protestant Advocate published a series of libels on the Sisters of St Joseph, for which Lewis was jailed for six months.
Hussey acted as editor for six months, and it could have been during either of those disruptions.
Then in March 1877 the paper published a report that the wife of Rev. Samuel Green had turned Catholic, a falsehood that again landed the publisher in court. Lewis blamed Griffiths.
Green (died 1904) was an Anglican minister with high church leanings. His wife, the former Ellen Elizabeth Bayfield, was a daughter of (Anglican) Rev. Edward Bayfield (c. 1815–1857). Both men having had charge of St Paul's Church, Port Adelaide.
In January 1867, with the health of pastor Thomas Playford failing, Hussey accepted the position of his assistant at the Bentham Street Church.
In 1873, following the death of Playford, Hussey took over the pulpit, which he managed without financial reward until 27 January 1891, when he retired, although he did make a brief comeback in 1893 following some dissension in the congregation.
He started a monthly Gospel of the Kingdom in July 1878, which became the Australian Quarterly Journal of Prophecy in July 1879 last issue January 1895. This publication had no connection to Horatius Bonar's Journal of Prophecy.
In 1884 he founded the "Adelaide Bible Hall", a commercial outlet for Bibles, hymn books, etc., at the corner of Flinders and Freeman streets, still operating in 1891.
Other interests
He was a member of the committee of the Aborigines' Friends' Association 1876–1879 and its chairman in 1877
He was a member of the Adelaide Benevolent and Strangers' Friend Society. 1872–1879.
In 1877 Hussey erected a two-storey building on his Victoria square property.
Final illness and death
Hussey had been confined to bed at his residence in Hackney.
On Tuesday afternoon 5 May 1903 he had a seizure leading to total paralysis and died at midnight.
Bibliography
The Australian Colonies : together with notes of a voyage from Australia to Panama (London: Blackburn & Burt ; Adelaide: E.S. Wigg, 1855)
History of South Australia (unpublished ms.) The only entry to the Gawler Institute's 1860 competition, which the judges allowed to be withdrawn for completion and publication at his own risk, when it would be awarded the £200 prize, but see note on The History of South Australia from its Foundation to the Year of its Jubilee below.
Nebuchadnezzar's Image : being the substance of a lecture on prophecy, delivered in Melbourne, Sydney, Adelaide, &c. (H. Hussey, Adelaide, 1878)
More than Half a Century of Colonial Life and Christian Experience : with notes of travel, lectures, publications, etc. (Hussey & Gillingham, Adelaide, 1897) also facsimile edition 1978 with photographs by Ernest Gall
The Scripture History of the Christ and of the Antichrist : a Scripture study (Hussey & Gillingham, Adelaide, 1900)
Edwin Hodder (1837–1904) wrote George Fife Angas: Father and founder of South Australia about the famous colonist (1789–1879) who, inter alia was the instrument of German settlement in South Australia, published in England in 1891 (not 1893) by Hodder & Stoughton. Authorised by the Angas family, it used information from Hussey's diary as well as Angas's papers, selected and passed to Hodder by Hussey. None of the newspaper reviews, the most extensive being that in the Register, mentioned Hussey's contribution.
Hodder, whose family relationship to London publishers Jackson, Walford & Hodder, and Hodder & Stoughton is not clear, was a prolific author of historical, biographical and (Protestant) religious works, also wrote the two-volume The History of South Australia from its Foundation to the Year of its Jubilee. With a Chronological Summary of all the Principal Events of Interest up to date. (1893, two volumes) This work has been described as having Hussey's entry to the Gawler Institute's 1860 "History of South Australia" competition as its nucleus.
Family
George Edward Hussey (7 November 1792 – 8 September 1842), born in Wimborne Minster, Dorset, married Catherine Burt (c. 1793 – 8 June 1874) on 14 February 1821 in London. "left wife and four children"; Catherine Frances was "only daughter" so no Mary Ann
George Edward Hussey
Mary Ann Hussey
The four children who came out to Australia aboard Asia in 1839 were:
Henry Hussey (27 August 1825 – 6 May 1903) married Mary Ann Reid ( died 25 June 1860) on 19 December 1857. She was a sister of Rev. Richardson Reid, incumbent of Trinity Church
Henry Burt Hussey (1860 – 29 March 1882)
Henry Hussey married again, to Agnes Neill (4 February 1829 – 5 August 1920) on 11 November 1861. She arrived aboard Recovery in 1839 (Also on board were James Harris (c. 1799 – 16 May 1874) and his wife Dinah Harris, née Hussey (c. 1801 – 23 November 1876). No family connection has yet been found.) They had three more children:
Catherine Jane Hussey (18 September 1863 – ) married James Henry Cheetham (c. 1854 – 16 March 1936) on 15 May 1888. They lived at Blackwood. He married again, to Nellie ( – 26 March 1934), lived in Brighton
Agnes Mary Hussey (11 September 1866 – 1937)
son ( –1888?)
George Frederick Hussey (c. 1828 – 26 November 1872) married Emma Maria Tidmarsh (18 March 1829 – 30 March 1922) in 1851
George Frederick Hussey MHA (20 August 1852 – 13 June 1935) married Kate Young Cooke on 20 August 1877. He was also in a printing firm, trading as Hussey & Gillingham founded 1889. Hussey retired from the business 1922.
Catherine Frances Hussey (c. 1830 – 15 November 1867) married Charles Abraham Basham on 15 May 1854. She died after delivering twin daughters; eight children in all.
Charles Henry Hussey MHA (27 September 1832 – 8 January 1899) married Harriet Ada Webb (c. 1836 – 16 May 1914) on 6 March 1856
References
1825 births
1903 deaths
Australian printers
Australian Protestant religious leaders
Australian religious writers
Hipócrita may refer to:
Hipocrita, moth
Hipócrita (film), 1949 Mexican film
Los Hipócritas, 1965 Argentine film
Hipócrita, a 1985 album by Lorenzo de Monteclaro
"Hipócrita", a 2018 song by Anuel AA featuring Zion
Ketevan "Keto" Losaberidze (, 1 August 1949 – 23 January 2022) was a Georgian archer.
Career
She competed for the Soviet Union at the 1972 and 1980 Olympics and won a gold medal in 1980, becoming the only Soviet Olympic champion in archery. She placed fourth in 1972. Between 1971 and 1981 she won two world, four European and two Soviet titles. She was chosen as the Georgian sportsman of the year 1980 and placed fourth in the vote for the Georgian sportswoman of the 20th century. After retiring from competitions she worked as a professor of mathematics at the Tbilisi State University and from 2002 to 2005 headed the Georgian Archery Federation. She died on 23 January 2022, at the age of 72.
References
1949 births
2022 deaths
People from Imereti
Archers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Archers at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic medalists in archery
Soviet female archers
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
World Archery Championships medalists
Recipients of the Presidential Order of Excellence
Family of Strangers is a 1993 American-Canadian made-for-television drama film directed by Sheldon Larry. The film, which stars Melissa Gilbert and Patty Duke, is based on a book by Jerry Hulse and was shot on location in British Columbia.
Plot
Julie Lawson (Melissa Gilbert) is a professional researcher living with her daughter Megan (Ashleigh Aston Moore) in Seattle and has recently separated from her husband Sam (Eric McCormack) because he had an affair with his secretary. One day she blacks out while driving and crashes her car. In the hospital, the doctor (Mel Ryane) says she suffered an inflammation of the arteries to the brain, and a fatal blockage will soon happen unless she undergoes surgery immediately. Then the nurse warns her that if strokes run in the family, it would be too risky too operate. Julie contacts her father (William Shatner) to request this information, and he admits that she was adopted and he has no way to know if strokes run in her family. Shocked, Julie learns that her parents were not able to conceive or eligible to adopt, so she adopted Julie from the black market through a lawyer.
Determined to find her roots, Julie tracks down this lawyer. He has since died, but his son Bill Curtis (John Shaw) still runs his practice and provides Julie with some important documents that show that shortly after payments by Julie's adoptive parents, Curtis' father paid funds to a woman called Frances Thompson living in Cloverton, British Columbia. Assuming that this woman is her mother, she heads to Cloverton, where she learns that Frances was a 75-year-old former schoolteacher who recently died with her husband in a car accident. She further learns that their daughter Beth (Patty Duke) runs her own beauty parlor in the area. Realizing that Beth is her mother, she contacts her and quickly reveals her true identity. Beth initially denies the possibility of being her mother, but later reveals that she was raped after a school dance and gave birth to a baby while studying in Seattle. The possible rapists are the guys at the dance, including Matthew Saunders (Dax Belanger) who got addicted to drugs and later disappeared; Jake Gibson (Chris William Martin), who married her best friend Sue (Michelle Beaudoin) and later died; and Tim Webster (Michael Gabriel) and Del Smith (Peter Stebbings), both of whom are still traceable.
Julie first traces down Del (Gordon Clapp), now a car salesman, telling him that she is a journalist writing an article on their homecoming then and now. Del attempts to force himself on her during a test drive, which scares her. She next contacts Tim (Chuck Shamata), whose name is quickly cleared as he reveals that he is infertile. After she leaves Tim's place, Del approaches her on the street, suspecting that she is in attempting to blackmail him for an affair. As he harasses her, he mentions that his father died from a stroke. Julie is convinced that Del is the perpetrator and panics, considering that she cannot have surgery if he indeed turns out to be her biological father. Meanwhile, Beth relives the rape in her memories and recalls the lack of support that her mother (Christina Jastrzembska) gave her. She remembers that she collected a button from the rapist which she kept secretly. She finds the button and notice that it belongs to a green jacket. Through a photo made at the homecoming dance, they learn that the rapist is Jake. Sue (Martha Gibson) is shocked to learn that her husband raped Beth and tells Julie that strokes did not run in his family. Afterwards, Julie returns to Seattle and successfully undergoes surgery. She reconnects with her adoptive father, gives Sam a second chance, and her mother arrives as she is recovering.
Cast
Melissa Gilbert as Julie Lawson
Patty Duke as Beth Thompson
Martha Gibson as Sue Gibson
Gordon Clapp as Del Smith
Chuck Shamata as Tim Webster
Eric McCormack as Sam
Ashleigh Aston Moore as Megan Lawson
William Shatner as Earl
John Shaw as Bill Curtis
Stephen Dimopoulos as Wayne Anderson
Mel Ryane as Dr. Fowler
Tasha Simms as Nancy
Michael Gabriel as Young Tim Webster
Dax Belanger as Young Matthew Saunders
Peter Stebbings as Young Del Smith
Leslie Hopps as Young Beth Thompson
Michelle Beaudoin as Young Sue Gibson
Chris William Martin as Young Jake Gibson
Christina Jastrzembska as Frances Thompson
Reception
Reviewer of Variety wrote: "Gilbert and Duke turn in strong, believable perfs, and William Shatner is restrained as Gilbert's hand-wringing adoptive father. [..] Director Sheldon Larry keeps the action moving swiftly and with little padding; tech credits are OK."
References
External links
1993 television films
1993 films
1993 drama films
Canadian drama television films
CBS network films
English-language Canadian films
American drama television films
1990s American films
1990s Canadian films
Matt Miller (born May 1, 1991) is an American football coach who is currently the wide receivers coach at Boise State University. He was previously the offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach at Montana State University.
Early life and playing career
A native of Helena, Montana, Miller was a three-sport star at Capital High School. His athleticism caught the attention of then-Arkansas head coach Bobby Petrino, a Capital High alumni and former teammate of Miller's father. A highly touted recruit, he received offers to play college football from schools such as Oregon, Oregon State, and Boise State and also received offers to play college basketball at Montana and Montana State. He committed to playing college football at Boise State on Christmas Day in 2009.
At Boise State, Miller redshirted the 2010 season after tearing an Achilles tendon in fall camp. As a redshirt freshman, Miller set single season freshman records for the program including receptions (62), receiving yards (679), and receiving touchdowns (9) en route to freshman All-America honors in 2011. By the time his college career ended in 2014, Miller was Boise State's career leader in receptions and second all-time in receiving yards. Miller had a professional tryout with the Denver Broncos before injuries ended his playing career.
Coaching career
After his playing career ended, Miller spent 2015 at Boise State as an offensive quality control coach. He was hired as the receivers coach at Montana State in 2016 and added the title of recruiting coordinator in 2017. He was promoted to offensive coordinator and reassigned to quarterbacks coach midway through the 2018 season, and held that role for the 2019 season as well.
Miller returned to his alma mater Boise State in 2020 as their wide receivers coach and passing game coordinator.
Personal life
Miller is married to the former Sarah Baugh, a former standout volleyball player at Boise State.
References
External links
Boise State Broncos bio
Montana State Bobcats bio
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Helena, Montana
Players of American football from Montana
Boise State Broncos football players
American football wide receivers
Boise State Broncos football coaches
Montana State Bobcats football coaches
Albert Grant may refer to:
Albert W. Grant (1856–1930), admiral of the US Navy during World War I
Albert Grant (company promoter) (1831–1899), Irish born British company promoter
Albie Grant (1943–2004), American basketball player
The Catholic hierarchy of South Africa is entirely Latin, composed of five ecclesiastical provinces, each under a Metropolitan Archbishop, with a total of 20 suffragan South African dioceses and an exempt pre-diocesan apostolic vicariate, as well as three suffragans (two dioceses, one apostolic vicariate) from below-mentioned neighbor states (fellow former British colonies).
Botswana has only one diocese and one apostolic vicariate, both suffragan of the South African Metropolitan Archbishop of Pretoria.
Swaziland only has a single diocese, suffragan of the South African Metropolitan of Johannesburg.
Neither of those warranting a nation Episcopal conference, their tiny episcopates partakes in the transnational Episcopal Conference of South[ern] Africa, despite its one-nation name.
None of them has an Eastern Catholic jurisdiction, only South Africa has an exempt Military ordinariate.
There are no titular sees. All defunct jurisdictions have current Latin successor sees.
There also is an Apostolic Nunciature to South Africa as papal diplomatic representation at embassy-level in the national capital Pretoria. There formally are an Apostolic Nunciature to Botswana and an Apostolic Nunciature to Swaziland, but both are vested in the Apostolic Nunciature to South Africa (as are the Apostolic Nunciature to Namibia and to the kingdom of Lesotho, which have their own Episcopal conferences).
Current Latin dioceses
Exempt (South Africa only)
Military Ordinariate of the South African Defence Force, vested in the Metropolitan Archdiocese of national capital Pretoria
Apostolic Vicariate of Ingwavuma (pre-diocesan)
Latin provinces (including Botswana and Swaziland)
Ecclesiastical Province of Bloemfontein
(South Africa only)
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Bloemfontein
Diocese of Bethlehem
Diocese of Keimoes-Upington
Diocese of Kimberley
Diocese of Kroonstad
Ecclesiastical Province of Cape Town
(South Africa only)
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Cape Town
Roman Catholic Diocese of Aliwal
Roman Catholic Diocese of De Aar
Roman Catholic Diocese of Oudtshoorn
Roman Catholic Diocese of Port Elizabeth
Roman Catholic Diocese of Queenstown
Ecclesiastical Province of Durban
(South Africa only)
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Durban
Diocese of Dundee
Diocese of Eshowe
Diocese of Kokstad
Diocese of Mariannhill
Diocese of Umtata
Diocese of Umzimkulu
Apostolic Vicariate of Ingwavuma
Ecclesiastical Province of Johannesburg
including all Swaziland
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Johannesburg
Roman Catholic Diocese of Klerksdorp
Roman Catholic Diocese of Manzini, covering all and only Swaziland
Roman Catholic Diocese of Witbank
Ecclesiastical Province of Pretoria
including all Botswana
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Pretoria
Roman Catholic Diocese of Francistown in Botswana
Roman Catholic Diocese of Gaborone in Botswana
Roman Catholic Diocese of Pietersburg
Roman Catholic Diocese of Rustenburg
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tzaneen
See also
List of Catholic dioceses (structured view)
Sources and external links
GCatholic.org - data for all sections.
Catholic-Hierarchy entry.
South Africa
Catholic dioceses
Catholic dioceses
Catholic dioceses
{{Infobox college softball team
|name = Fresno State Bulldogs softball
|CurrentSeason =
|logo =
|logo_size = 200
| founded = 1978
|university = California State University, Fresno
|conference = Mountain West Conference
|conference_short = MWC
|city = Fresno
|stateabb = CA
|state = California
|coach = Linda Garza
|tenure = 4th
|stadium = Margie Wright Diamond
|capacity = 3,288
|nickname = Fresno State
|national_champion = 1998
|wcws_runnerup = 1982, 1988, 1989, 1990
|wcws = 1982, 1984, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1994, 1997, 1998, 1999
|super_regional =
|ncaa_tourneys = 1982, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2021
|conference_tournament =
WAC1999, 2007, 2009
MWC2021
|conference_champion =
NorCal1978, 1982, 1983Nor-Pac1985, 1986
Big West1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992WAC1996, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2009
MWC2015, 2016, 2021
}}
The Fresno State Bulldogs softball''' team represents California State University, Fresno in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the Mountain West Conference. The Bulldogs are currently led by head coach Linda Garza. The team's assistant coaches are Jodie Cox and Justin Lewis. The team plays its home games at Margie Wright Diamond located on the university's campus.
History
Coaching history
Year-by-Year Results
Championships
NCAA Women's College World Series National Championships
Conference Championships
Conference Tournament Championships
Coaching staff
References
Mountain West Conference softball
In quantum mechanics, macroscopic quantum self-trapping is when two Bose-Einstein condensates weakly linked by an energy barrier which particles can tunnel through, nevertheless end up with a higher average number of bosons on one side of the junction than the other. The junction of two Bose–Einstein condensates is mostly analogous to a Josephson junction, which is made of two superconductors linked by a non-conducting barrier. However, superconducting Josephson junctions do not display macroscopic quantum self-trapping, and thus macroscopic quantum self-tunneling is a distinguishing feature of Bose-Einstein condensate junctions. Self-trapping occurs when the self-interaction energy between the Bosons is larger than a critical value called .
It was first described in 1997. It has been observed in Bose-Einsten condensates of exciton-polaritons, and predicted for a condensate of magnons.
While the tunneling of a particle through classically forbidden barriers can be described by the particle's wave function, this merely gives the probability of tunneling. Although various factors can increase or decrease the probability of tunneling, one can not be certain whether or not tunneling will occur.
When two condensates are placed in a double potential well and the phase and population differences are such that the system is in equilibrium, the population difference will remain fixed. A naïve conclusion is that there is no tunneling at all, and the bosons are truly "trapped" on one side of the junction. However, macroscopic quantum self-trapping does not rule out quantum tunneling — rather, only the possibility of observing tunneling is ruled out. In the event that a particle tunnels through the barrier, another particle tunnels in the opposite direction. Because the identity of individual particles is lost in that case, no tunneling can be observed, and the system is considered to remain at rest.
See also
Double-well potential
Gross–Pitaevskii equation
References
Quantum mechanics
Bose–Einstein condensates
The Justizwache (, literally Justice Watch) is the prison guards corps of Austria. The corps is a department of the Ministry of Justice. Their tasks are the safeguarding of penitentiaries, the safeguarding of inmates, and the security of Courts in Austria. The Justizwache also provides a special unit, the Justizwache Einsatzgruppe (JEG) ().
Organisation
The Justizwache is a uniformed security guard corps, organized in a military manner and provided with executive powers. This is according to § 13a of the Prisons Act. From the point of view of service and remuneration, they are equivalent unit to the Federal Police. In addition, the educational institution is the Strafvollzugsakademie (German for "penal system academy"), the penitentiary police academy.
Special Units
Justizwache Einsatzgruppe - JEG
As a special unit, the Justizwache Einsatzgruppe (JEG) has been available to the Justizwache since 1997 for especially dangerous situations. The JEG is not located at any specific prison.
Prison Service Extradition Unit
Since 2019, the Prison Service Extradition Unit, is the special "transfer unit" of the Justizwache. The Prison Service Extradition Unit transfers foreign inmates from Austria to their home countries to serve their sentences in their home countries. The transport takes place by land with special vehicles.
Armament
The general equipment includes a truncheon (and as a special version, a tonfa baton) and a pepper spray MK-3. During the night service and, if necessary, the officials also carry the service pistol Glock 17. The assault rifle Steyr AUG A3 9mm, the tear gas gun, the tear gas atomizer and the pepper spray OJ 400a are among the weapons that must be specifically ordered.
In addition, the use of the electric shock gun Taser X26 in the Austrian prisons was temporarily permitted from 10 November 2004 to 20 February 2008, but after massive protests, the Minister of Justice resumed the use of the non lethal weapon. In June 2009 a new Minister of Justice allowed the use of the electric shock gut under particularly strict conditions again.
The members of the special unit JEG are also equipped with protective shields and helmets in addition to the tonfa baton, in order to be able to take additional protection when necessary.
Uniforms
Before 2006, the corps insignia of the judicial guard was as follows: within a round border was a binding shield, represented by Austria's colors red-white-red, which was partially covered by a vertical sword. The handle of the sword concealed a chain that showed two links on each side of the handle. A laurel wreath continuing the chain links encircled the binding shield. Both shield, sword and chain symbolized the jurisdictions existence since time immemorial. A band connected the legal symbols with a laurel wreath, which was based on dignity and honoring all persons involved in the administration of justice.
The Justizwache corps badge shows the Austrian coat of arms, which is surrounded by a circular enclosure. It thus deviates only marginally from the corps badge of the Police, in which the Austrian coat of arms is surrounded by an oak leaf wreath.
Since 2010, the rank insignia of the Justizwache have been the same as those of the Federal Police.
References
Law enforcement agencies of Austria
Prison and correctional agencies
Penal system in Austria
Prisons in Austria
Andy Richardson is a British writer, promoter and publisher. He worked with the actor Pete Postlethwaite to ghostwrite his autobiography, A Spectacle of Dust (published Orion, 2011) and among other titles also ghostwrote John Lydon's I Could Be Wrong, I Could Be Right (published A Way With Media, 2020). He has worked at New Musical Express, where his cover features included Prince, Bono, Oasis and Radiohead. He has worked for numerous British and international newspapers and magazines. He publishes cookery books for Michelin-starred restaurants. He promotes tours for a variety of rock stars, politicians, actors and other entertainers and public speakers.
Richardson worked with Postlethwaite for two years prior to the publication of the actor's memoir on 23 June 2011. The Guardian'''s film critic Peter Bradshaw observed Richardson's sympathetic treatment and described the memoir as "an extrovert, tender, charming and unselfconscious book, with some extraordinary, hell-raising and hair-raising anecdotes", and The Evening Standard noted that "The closing chapter is deeply wrenching". The book featured on The Sunday Times best-seller list and was recommended as one of its Books of the Year for 2011. The newspaper's tribute noted Richardson's contribution in finishing the book on behalf of Postlethwaite, who died prior to its completion. It reported "The final chapter, as Postlethwaite succumbs to cancer, is immensely moving".
Richardson worked with the band Oasis in 1996–1998, becoming the first journalist to report on their worldwide hit (What's the Story) Morning Glory?, in exclusive interviews with Noel Gallagher. He is an investigative reporter and journalist, having completed assignments around the world. He assisted Benjamin Zephaniah with his autobiography, The Life and Rhymes of Benjamin Zephaniah, before promoting subsequent tours for him.
As a food book publisher, he has worked with many of the UK's Michelin-starred chefs. In 2015, his company, Away With Media, published the debut cook book from Stephen Terry, titled Inspired... By''. Other chef books include those for Glynn Purnell, Brad Carter, Tony Parkin, Michael O'Hare, Mickael Viljanen, Paul Foster and Adam Handling. He has both ghostwritten and published books for The Coral, The Damned and Marti Pellow.
Richardson was a visiting lecturer in music journalism at Birmingham City University's school of media.
As a promoter, he specialises in acoustic and spoken word performances in theatres and arts centres. His tours have promoted such artists as Jason Donovan, Francis Rossi, John Lydon, former Home Secretary Alan Johnson, the poet Benjamin Zephaniah, actor John Challis (AKA Boycie), Thunder, Marti Pellow, Paul Young, Lulu and Dom Joly.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
British music journalists
British memoirists
Photographers from Birmingham, West Midlands
Tuxentius margaritaceus, the Margarita's Pierrot or mountain pied Pierrot, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
Range and habitat
It is found in Nigeria, Cameroon, the highlands of Angola, the DRC (Uele, Ituri, Kivu, Maniema and Sankuru), southern Sudan, Uganda, central and western Kenya and northern Tanzania. The habitat consists of sub-montane forests and moist savanna, especially along river courses in mountainous regions.
Habits and food plant
Adult males mud-puddle. The larvae feed on Gouania longispicata.
References
Butterflies described in 1892
Polyommatini
Butterflies of Africa
The Holy Family Cathedral () is a religious building of the Catholic Church in Banjarmasin in the province of South Kalimantan, Indonesia. It was designed by architect Roestenhurg in a neo-Gothic style.
The cathedral was consecrated June 28, 1931, and follows the Roman or Latin rite. It serves as the cathedral of the Diocese of Banjarmasin (Dioecesis Bangiarmasinus or Keuskupan Banjarmasin), created in 1961 by the Bull "Quod Christus" of Pope John XXIII.
See also
Holy Family Church (disambiguation)
List of cathedrals in Indonesia
Roman Catholicism in Indonesia
References
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Indonesia
Buildings and structures in Banjarmasin
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1931
Churches in Borneo
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Indonesia
KBSA may refer to:
KBSA (FM), a radio station (90.9 FM) licensed to serve El Dorado, Arkansas, United States
KBSA-TV, former call sign of KFTR-DT, a television station (Channel 46) licensed to serve Ontario, California
Knowledge Based Software Assistant, a research program funded by the United States Air Force
Korea Baseball Softball Association, the South Korean governing body for the sports of baseball and softball
Kuwait Boy Scouts Association
Rico Schmitt (born 27 September 1968) is a German football manager and former player, who last managed SV Meppen.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Footballers from Saxony
People from Bezirk Karl-Marx-Stadt
Sportspeople from Chemnitz
Association football goalkeepers
East German footballers
German footballers
Oberliga (football) players
Chemnitzer FC players
German football managers
FC Erzgebirge Aue managers
2. Bundesliga managers
3. Liga managers
VfB Fortuna Chemnitz managers
Hallescher FC managers
VfR Aalen managers
FC Carl Zeiss Jena managers
Kickers Offenbach managers
SV Meppen managers
The A260 is a Russian federal highway. It runs from Volgograd to the Ukrainian border, where it continues as the M30 to Dnipro.
As M21, it was part of the Soviet trunk road network and started from Chișinău via Dnipro to Volgograd. In 2010 the section in Russia received the number A260, but the M21 designation was used until the end of 2017, when the A260 designation became official. The entire route is part of E40 and AH70.
References
Roads in Russia
Transport in Volgograd Oblast
European route E40
Menon (, 525? BC - 472? BC) was a prominent Pharsalian who assisted Athens, led by Cimon, in their battle against Eion around 476 BC. According to Demosthenes (XIII.23, XXIII.199) he himself contributed 12 talents of silver and equipped 300 cavalry from his own penestae for battle. He was awarded by the Athenians for his service. He may be the father or grandfather of Menon II of Pharsalus.
Bibliography
Demosthenes: "On Organization" (line 23) & "Against Aristocrates" (line 199)
Roland Grubb Kent, A History of Thessaly: From the Earliest Historical Times to the Ascension of Philip V. of Macedon, 1904, ch V, pp 20–21
A Dictionary of Greek and Roman Biography and Mythology, Ed. William Smith, 1876, Vol 2 pp 1043–1044
External links
"On Organization" at Perseus Project
"Against Aristocrates" at Perseus Project
Ancient Thessalian statesmen
5th-century BC Greek people
People from Farsala
In Greek mythology, the name Chalcodon (Ancient Greek: Χαλκώδων, gen.: Χαλκώδοντος means "copper tooth" or "iron tooth", from χαλκός=copper and generally metal + ὀδών, ionic type of ὀδούς=tooth) may refer to:
Chalcodon, an Egyptian prince as one of the sons of King Aegyptus. He suffered the same fate as his other brothers, save Lynceus, when they were slain on their wedding night by their wives who obeyed the command of their father King Danaus of Libya. Chalcodon was the son of Aegyptus by an Arabian woman and thus full brother of Istrus, Agenor, Chaetus, Diocorystes, Alces, Alcmenor, Hippothous, Euchenor and Hippolytus. In some accounts, he could be a son of Aegyptus either by Eurryroe, daughter of the river-god Nilus, or Isaie, daughter of King Agenor of Tyre. Chalcodon married the Danaid Rhodia, daughter of Danaus either by the hamadryads Atlanteia or Phoebe.
Chalcodon, the son of Abas and the king of the Abantes. He and Telamon assisted Heracles in his campaign against Elis. While leading his people in an attack on Thebes, Greece he was killed by Amphitryon. His son was Elephenor by either Imenarete, Melanippe or Alcyone. He also had several daughters, one of whom, Chalciope, married Aegeas.
Chalcodon of Cos, who wounded Heracles in a battle which arose when the Coans mistook Heracles for a pirate. Also known as Chalcon.
Chalcodon, a suitor of Hippodamia before Pelops, was killed by Oenomaus.
See also
Chalcon
Notes
References
Apollodorus, The Library with an English Translation by Sir James George Frazer, F.B.A., F.R.S. in 2 Volumes, Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1921. ISBN 0-674-99135-4. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
Athenaeus of Naucratis, The Deipnosophists or Banquet of the Learned. London. Henry G. Bohn, York Street, Covent Garden. 1854. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library.
Athenaeus of Naucratis, Deipnosophistae. Kaibel. In Aedibus B.G. Teubneri. Lipsiae. 1887. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Pausanias, Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S. Jones, Litt.D., and H.A. Ormerod, M.A., in 4 Volumes. Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Pausanias, Graeciae Descriptio. 3 vols. Leipzig, Teubner. 1903. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Theocritus, Idylls from The Greek Bucolic Poets translated by Edmonds, J M. Loeb Classical Library Volume 28. Cambridge, MA. Harvard University Press. 1912. Online version at theoi.com
Theocritus, Idylls edited by R. J. Cholmeley, M.A. London. George Bell & Sons. 1901. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Tzetzes, John, Book of Histories, Book VII-VIII translated by Vasiliki Dogani from the original Greek of T. Kiessling's edition of 1826. Online version at theio.com
Kings in Greek mythology
Princes in Greek mythology
Sons of Aegyptus
Egyptian characters in Greek mythology
Euboean characters in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
Phyllonorycter alni is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known Colorado and Maine in the United States.
The wingspan is about 5.5 mm.
The larvae feed on Alnus species, including Alnus tenuifolia. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a large tentiform mine on the underside of the leaf.
References
alni
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1891
Scytalognatha abluta is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in New Guinea.
References
Moths described in 1956
Polyorthini
Tracy Eyrl-Shortland (née Eyrl) was a New Zealand netball player who played 58 matches for the New Zealand national netball team, known as the Silver Ferns.
Career
In 1980, while playing at for Eastern Netball Club at the Howick Pakuranga Netball Centre, in Pakuranga, Auckland, Eyrl-Shortland was selected for the Auckland Under-16 team. She then moved to the Shore Rovers Netball Club. Eyrl-Shortland first played for the Silver Ferns in 1986. She was a member of the team in 1987 when New Zealand won the gold medal at the 1987 Netball World Championships. She was one of four members of that team who were selected to defend the title in 1991 Netball World Championships, when New Zealand won the silver medal, losing 53–52 to Australia in the final. She also competed in the 1989 World Games winning a silver medal. After retiring from playing, she coached netball with the Eastern Netball club. In 2011 she was nominated as a "Legend of Harbour Sport".
References
Living people
New Zealand netball players
New Zealand international netball players
1991 World Netball Championships players
1987 World Netball Championships players
Netball players at the 1989 World Games
Date of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
1995 World Netball Championships players
Thubten Choekyi Nyima () (1883–1937), often referred to as Choekyi Nyima, was the ninth Panchen Lama of Tibet.
Thubten Choekyi Nyima is the 9th in his lineage, as recognized by Tashi Lhunpo Monastery, the traditional seat of Panchen Lamas.
In 1901, Choekyi Nyima was visited by the Mongolian Lama, Agvan Dorzhiev. Although he only stayed for two days at Tashilhunpo, Dorzhiev received some secret teachings from the Panchen Lama, as well as readings of the Prayer of Shambhala, written by Lobsang Palden Yeshe, the sixth (or third) Panchen Lama, concerning the Buddhist kingdom of Shambhala, which were of great importance to Dorzhiev's developing understanding of the Kalachakra ('Wheel of Time') tantric teachings. Choekyi Nyima also gave Dorzhiev gifts including some golden statues.
In 1906, Sir Charles Alfred Bell, was invited to visit the 9th Panchen Lama at Tashilhunpo, where they had friendly discussions on the political situation.
He fled to Inner Mongolia, China in 1924 after a dispute with the thirteenth Dalai Lama when he sensed that he might face threat after his own monastery's monks were prohibited from holding any office in the Central Tibetan government and his officials were locked up in Lhasa. Among the Mongols, the 9th Panchen Lama became a well liked figure. At the same time, study of documents did not confirm widespread claims that rebellions in the 1930s Mongolia were inspired or supported by the 9th Panchen Lama. The Dalai Lama was attempting to collect revenue from the Panchen Lama's estate to cover a fourth of Tibet's military expenses, and to reduce the power of the Panchen Lama, who at the time enjoyed rule over an effectively autonomous region around Shigatse.
In China, the ninth Panchen Lama worked on plans to develop Tibet along modern lines. He also held a position in the Mongolian and Tibetan Affairs Commission.
The Panchen Lama was considered extremely "pro-Chinese", according to official Chinese sources.
Choekyi adopted the ideas of Sun Yatsen like the Kham revolutionary Pandatsang Rapga. It has been suggested he read the works of Sun Yatsen which were translated by Rapga.
In 1936, a team of monks from Lhasa were on the way to north-eastern Tibet to search for the new reincarnation of the 13th Dalai Lama, who had died in 1933. First, because of the historical close relationship between the Dalai Lama and the Panchen Lama, they visited the Panchen Lama in Kham, eastern Tibet, to seek his advice. He was staying in Jyekundo, a district of eastern Kham that had been annexed from Tibetan government control by the Chinese "during their invasion". The Panchen Lama, being under Chinese power, was being held up there in his attempt to return to Central Tibet due to Chinese interference and insistence that he must be accompanied by a force of 500 armed Chinese soldiers; naturally this condition was not at all acceptable to the Tibetan Government in Lhasa. While negotiations were going on between the Lhasa Government, the Panchen Lama and the Chinese authorities about this escort issue, he was stuck in Jyekundo. He had therefore been busy investigating reports of unusual children born in the area, who might be the reincarnation of the 13th Dalai Lama; the deep spiritual link between the two Lamas had never wavered despite apparent political difficulties and attempted Chinese interference.
In fact, when the search team arrived to see him, the Panchen Lama had already identified three potential candidates. He gave their details to the search party leader, Kewtsang Rinpoche, who then investigated further. One of these three candidates was already dead and another ran away crying when shown the objects belonging to the late Dalai Lama. The third candidate, who lived in Taktser, was characterised as "fearless" and he was indeed found to be the true incarnation. Thus, it was this Panchen Lama Thubten Choekyi Nyima who first discovered and identified the 14th Dalai Lama.
In 1937, the Panchen Lama died in Gyêgu (Tibetan: Jyekundo; Chinese: Yushu) in Qinghai Province without being able to return to Tsang.
The tombs of the fifth through the ninth Panchen Lamas were destroyed during the Cultural Revolution and have been rebuilt by the tenth Panchen Lama with a huge tomb at Tashilhunpo Monastery in Shigatse, known as the Tashi Langyar.
See also
Yangsanjab, Mongol prince who hosted Lama's Ceremony
Notes
References
Citations
Sources
Bell, Sir Charles. Portrait of the Dalai Lama (1946) Wm. Collins, London, 1st edition. (1987) Wisdom Publications, London. .
Chapman, Spencer. Lhasa: The Holy City (1940) Readers Union Ltd., London.
Jagou, Fabienne. Le 9e Panchen Lama (1883–1937): Enjeu des relations Sino-Tibetaines.
Goldstein "A History of Modern Tibet 1913–1951" University of California Press 1989.
Mayhew, Bradley and Kohn, Michael. Tibet 6th Edition (2005) Lonely Planet Publications. .
Powers, John. History as Propaganda: Tibetan Exiles versus the People's Republic of China (2004) Oxford University Press. .
Shakabpa, Tsepon W.D. (1984), Tibet: A Political History. Singapore: Potala Publications. .
Snelling, John. Buddhism in Russia: The Story of Agvan Dorzhiev: Lhasa's Emissary to the Tsar (1993) Element Books. .
Tuttle, Gray. Review of Le 9e Panchen Lama (1883–1937): Enjeu des relations Sino-Tibetaines, JIATS, no. 2 (August 2006) Columbia University. THDL #T2726.
Panchen Lama 09
1883 births
1937 deaths
19th-century Tibetan people
20th-century Tibetan people
Scott Burgess (14 July 1958 – 6 May 2016) was an Australian actor, best known for his role as Dave McCall in police drama Water Rats from 1996 to 1999.
In 2008, he told A Current Affair about the problems of his marriage, and how he was left to work in a boatyard. He returned to television in four episodes of Underbelly: A Tale of Two Cities in 2009.
Filmography
With Prejudice (1983) - Ross Dunn
1915 (TV movie, 1982) - Billy McKenzie
Dead Easy (1982) - George
Outbreak of Hostilities (TV movie, 1981) - Bobby
Just Us (TV movie, 1986) - Billy Carter
Great Bookie Robbery (TV, 1986) - Les Robbins
The Dirtwater Dynasty (TV, 1988) - Guy Westaway
Computer Ghosts (TV movie, 1988) - Cal
Inside Running (TV, 1989) - Christopher Parvo
G.P. (one episode, 1992) - David Robinson
Water Rats (TV, 1996-1999) - Dave McCall
Above the Law (TV, 2000) - Bill Peterson
Underbelly: A Tale of Two Cities - (TV, 2009) - Jim Bazley
References
External links
1958 births
2016 deaths
Australian male television actors
Australian male film actors
Allen Daviau (June 14, 1942 – April 15, 2020) was an American cinematographer known for his collaborations with Steven Spielberg on E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial (1982), The Color Purple (1985), and Empire of the Sun (1987). He received five Academy Award nominations and two British Academy Film Award nominations, with one win. In addition to his work in film, Daviau served as Cinematographer-in-Residence at UCLA.
Career
Daviau was born on June 14, 1942, in New Orleans and raised in Los Angeles.
He was introduced to Steven Spielberg in the late 1960s and the two went on to work together on two early short films. They continued their professional working career by collaborating on E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial (1982); "Kick the Can," a segment from Twilight Zone: The Movie (1983), Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom (1984), The Color Purple (1985), an episode of the NBC anthology series Amazing Stories titled "Ghost Train" (1985), and Empire of the Sun (1987).
Daviau's work also includes John Schlesinger's The Falcon and the Snowman (1985), the Spielberg-produced Harry and the Hendersons (1987), Albert Brooks' Defending Your Life (1991), Barry Levinson's Avalon (1990) and Bugsy (1991), Peter Weir's Fearless (1993), Frank Marshall's Congo (1995), Rand Ravich's The Astronaut's Wife (1999) and Stephen Sommers' Van Helsing (2004), his final feature.
He received lifetime achievement awards from the Art Directors Guild in 1997 and the American Society of Cinematographers in 2007.
Daviau shot thousands of commercials, documentaries, industrials and educational films, and created psychedelic special-effects lighting for Roger Corman's The Trip (1967) before he gained entry into the International Photographers Guild.
E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial
While doing a lawnmower commercial in Arizona, Daviau learned that Spielberg was looking for a cinematographer for E.T. and sent the director a tape of The Boy Who Drank Too Much, a 1980 telefilm that he shot. "It had a lot of moods, and it's about kids, so I knew Steven would watch it!" Daviau said. Spielberg stated that he contacted Daviau for his next feature, saying, "I did something I rarely do. I didn't think twice; I picked up the phone and asked Allen if he would photograph my next feature."
Death
Daviau died on April 15, 2020, at the age of 77, as a result of complications from COVID-19 at the Motion Picture & Television Country House and Hospital.
Filmography
Film
Television
Awards and nominations
Academy Awards
BAFTA Awards
American Society of Cinematographers
Other awards
References
External links
1942 births
2020 deaths
American cinematographers
Artists from New Orleans
Art Center College of Design people
Best Cinematography BAFTA Award winners
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in California
Revolutionart is an international magazine about graphic design, visual arts, and lifestyle. Some of their contributors were Floria Sigismondi, Mark Miremont, Andrzej Dragan, Matt Mignanelli, Skew Siskin, Jeremyville, Mandy Lynn Oliviero Toscani, Simone Legno, Tino Soriano, Lemmy Kilmister, Paul Matthaeus and Justin Lassen.
Contents
The magazine presents themes related to the world crisis but it also publishes writings on art, culture, politics, and ideas. Each edition is commanded by a matter of global concern in which artists from all around the world express their appreciation graphically. Revolutionart contains work of known photographers, international designers, illustrators, models, art directors, rockstars and music bands.
All editions of Revolutionart are free.
Contributions
Revolutionart International Magazine has been part of Colophon 2009 in Luxembourg publicationes like We Make Magazines and sponsor of international events like Dotmov 2009 (Japan), What's More Alive Than You (Italy), Art By Chance 2010, Artelaguna Prize, Annual Design Awards 2010 or Technarte 2013
Issues and guests
Revolutionart 28 - February 2011
Issue : Myths and Legends
Guests: Paul Matthaeus (United States), Jean Jacques André (Canada), Brian Olsen (United States)
Revolutionart 27 - November 2010
Issue : Underwater Life
Guests: Matt Dobson (United Kingdom), Aegis (Spain)
Revolutionart 26 - September 2010
Issue : Internet
Guests: Steve McGhee (Canada), Guido Torres-Brousset (Perú), Adam Sund (Denmark)
Revolutionart 25 - July 2010
Issue : Evolution
Guests: Thomas Tibitanzl (Germany)
Revolutionart 24 - May 2010
Issue : Climate Change
Guests: Ken Penn (United States), Martin Sati (Spain)
Revolutionart 23 - March 2010
Issue : Space
Guests: Ledfoot / Tim Scott McConnell (Norway), Philip Straub (United States)
Revolutionart 22 - January 2010
Issue : End of Humanity
Guests: Lemmy Kilmister from Mötorhead (England), Stephan Weidner (Germany)
Revolutionart 21 - November 2009 (unreleased)
Issue : Recycle
Guests: Nicco Di Mattia (Argentina)
Revolutionart 20 - September 2009
Issue : Ethnic
Guests: Simone Legno / Tokidoki (Italy)
Revolutionart 19 - July 2009
Issue : Biohazard Alert
Guests: Mark Page (U.K.), Juan Siwak (Argentina)
Revolutionart 18 - May 2009
Issue : Let's Rock
Guests: Dale May (U.S.), Sanjay Chand
Revolutionart 17 - March 2009
Issue : Love
Guests: Bogdan Zwir (Russia), Mark Miremont (USA), Bettie Page Memorial, Simon Hoegsberg (Denmark)
Revolutionart 16 - January 2009
Issue : Global Crisis
Guests: Dust For Likfe (USA), Skew Siskin (Germany)
Revolutionart 15 - November 2008
Issue : Dreams
Guests: Nina C Alice (Germany), Andrzej Dragan (Poland)
Revolutionart 14 - September 2008
Issue : I Believe
Guests: Richard Best (USA)
Revolutionart 13 - July 2008
Issue : Politics
Guests: Michael Dawidowicz (Au), Matt Mignanelli(USA), Bambi (Deu), Justin Lassen (USA), Joey Lawrence (Ca), Fernanda Cohen, Brian Viveros
Revolutionart 12 - May 2008
Issue : Nature
Guests: Ee Venn Soh (Malaysia), Igor Siwanowicz (Germany), Johan Wahlback (Sweden)
Revolutionart 11 - March 2008
Issue : RetroPop
Guests: JeremyVille (Australia), Joey Lawrence (Canada)
Revolutionart 10 - January 2008
Issue : Message to the world
Guests: Adhemas Batista (Brazil), Patrick Boyer (Canada)
Revolutionart 9 - November 2007
Issue : Industrial
Guests: Nik Ainley (UK)
Revolutionart 8 - September 2007
Issue : Planet Earth
Guests: Matt Mignanelli (USA), Marcelo Lozada (Argentina), David Quin (France), Michael Helms (USA)
Revolutionart 7 - July 2007
Issue : Superstar
Guests: Jeff Finley (Usa)
Revolutionart 6 - May 2007
Issue : Love
Guests: Tino Soriano (Spain), Orodé (Italy)
Revolutionart 5 - March 2007
Issue : Music, Peace & Love
Guests: Kristal Blanco (Italy), Justin Lassen (USA)
Revolutionart 4 - January 2007
Issue : Dirt
Guests: Floria Sigismondi (USA)
Revolutionart 3 - October 2006
Issue : Hot
Guests: Sue Cane (Germany/Spain), Rodrigo Damian (Argentina)
Revolutionart 2 - July 2006
Issue : Fictional Product
Guests: Michael Dawidowicz (Australia), Jay Lim (Malaysia)
Revolutionart 1 - March 2006
Issue : Free Theme
Guests: Fernanda Cohen (USA)
References
Visual arts magazines
Online magazines
English-language magazines
Fashion magazines
Design magazines
Bi-monthly magazines
Magazines established in 2006
Glyphipterix bizonata is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Yutaka Arita and John B. Heppner in 1992. It is found in Taiwan.
References
Moths described in 1992
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of Taiwan
In Our Time is a two-part EP series by Canadian alternative country band Cuff the Duke, released in 2012 and 2013 on Paper Bag Records.
The EPs contain covers of songs by artists the band considers as influences on their sound and style, with six songs on each volume.
Track listing
Part I
"Cold Blooded Old Times" (Smog)
"Smothered in Hugs" (Guided by Voices)
"Always Looking" (Dum Dum Girls)
"I Hear You Calling" (Bill Fay)
"Instant Karma!" (John Lennon)
"Diamond Sea" (Sonic Youth)
Part II
"You Sing Low and We Will Sing High" (Frederick Squire)
"I've Gotta Get a Message to You" (The Bee Gees)
"Star" (David Bowie)
"What Do I Get?" (Buzzcocks)
"Nashville West" (The Byrds)
"Face in the Mirror" (Gene MacLellan)
References
2012 EPs
2013 EPs
Cuff the Duke albums
Paper Bag Records EPs
EP series
Jean-François Anne Landriot (b. at Couches-les-Mines near Autun, 1816, d. at Reims, 1874) was a French bishop, Ordained in 1839 from the seminary of Autun, he became, after a few years spent at the cathedral, successively superior of the seminary, 1842; vicar-general 1850; Bishop of La Rochelle, 1856, and Archbishop of Reims, 1867.
Life
During his ten years at La Rochelle he restored the cathedral, organized the Propagation of the Faith and the Peter's-pence collections, and won a reputation as a pulpit orator. At Reims, besides preaching many Advent and Lenten stations, he raised a large subscription for the pontifical army, established several educational institutions, founded an asylum for the aged, and entrusted St. Walfroy to the Priests of the Mission.
As a member of the First Vatican Council, he deemed inopportune the definition of papal infallibility, but, once decreed, he adhered to its promulgation and wrote to his diocesans urging them to accept it. Lacroix ("Mgr. Landriot pendant l'occupation allemande", Reims, 1898) shows Landriot's influence in allaying the measure of rigor resorted to by the victorious Germans during their occupation of Reims in 1870. In the question of the ancient classics Landriot refused to subscribe to the extreme views of Jean-Joseph Gaume and L'Univers.
Works
An eloquent preacher, he was also an ascetic writer of note. Beside his pastoral works collected in the "(Euvres de Mgr. Landriot" (7 vols., Paris, 1864–74), we have from his pen, all published in Paris:
"Recherches historiques sur les écoles littéraires du Christianisme" (1851);
"Examen critique des lettres de l'Abbé Gaume sur le paganisme dans l'éducation" (1852);
"La femme forte" (1862);
"La femme pieuse" (1863);
"La prière chrétienne" (1863);
"Le Christ et la tradition" (1865);
"Les béatitudes évangéliques" (1865);
"Le Symbolisme" (1866);
"L'Eucharistie" (1866);
"La Sainte Communion" (1872);
"L'Autorité et la liberté" (1872);
"L'esprit chrétien dans l'enseignement" (1873);
"Instructions sur l'oraison dominicale" (1873);
"L'Esprit Saint" (1879), etc.
References
La France ecclesiastique (Paris, 1875)
L'episcopat francais depuis le concordat jusqu a la separation (Paris, 1907), s.vv., La Rochelle and Reims:
biographies by Menu (Reims, 1867), Causette (Reims, 1874), Arsac (Reims, 1874), Reidot (Autun, 1895)
External links
Catholic Encyclopedia article
1816 births
1874 deaths
Archbishops of Reims
Orthonevra stigmata, the black-headed mucksucker, is a rare species of syrphid fly. It has been observed in Southern California. Hoverflies get their names from the ability to remain nearly motionless while in flight The adults are also known as flower flies for they are commonly found around and on flowers from which they get both enegy-giving nectar and protein rich pollen. Larvae for this genus are of the rat-tailed type. O. stigmata larvae have not been described.
References
Insects described in 1882
Eristalinae
The Convention of Saint Petersburg was a military pact concluded between Great Britain, Russia and the Dutch Republic in 1747. It confirmed an alliance between the three during the War of the Austrian Succession, directed against France and Prussia. It was signed in Saint Petersburg on 15 August 1747.
Bibliography
Baker-Smith Royal Discord: The Family of George III. Athena Press, 2008.
Browning, Reed. The Duke of Newcastle. Yale University Press, 1975.
Murphy, Orvile T. Charles Gravier: Comete de Vergennes: French Diplomacy in the Age of Revolution. New York Press, 1982.
Simms, Brendan. Three Victories and a Defeat: The Rise and Fall of the First British Empire. Penguin Books, 2008.
Diplomatic conferences
Military alliances
18th-century treaties
Treaties of Russia
Treaties of the Netherlands
Treaties of the Kingdom of Great Britain
Farhat Mohammad Khan is a Pakistani politician who has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to July 2012.
Political career
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Muttahida Qaumi Movement from NA-245 (Karachi-VII) in 2008 Pakistani general election. In July 2012, Supreme Court of Pakistan suspended his National Assembly membership for having US citizenship.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The rivière des Orignaux (in English: Mooses River) crosses the municipality of Notre-Dame-Auxiliatrice-de-Buckland, in the Bellechasse Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Quebec, in Canada.
Rivière des Orignaux is a tributary of the southwest bank of the rivière de la Fourche, which flows northward to empty onto the south bank of the rivière du Sud (Montmagny); the latter flows northwest, then northeast to the south shore of the St. Lawrence River.
Geography
The main neighboring watersheds of the Des Orignaux river are:
North side: rivière de la Fourche, South stream, rivière du Sud (Montmagny);
East side: rivière de la Fourche;
South side: rivière des Mornes, Belles Amours stream;
West side: rivière du Moulin, rivière aux Billots.
The Rivière des Orignaux has its source in the township of Buckland, in the municipality of Notre-Dame-Auxiliatrice-de-Buckland, in the Bellechasse Regional County Municipality. The surrounding mountains are part of the Notre Dame Mountains chain.
From its source, the Rivière des Orignaux flows on at the bottom of a valley, divided into the following segments:
northeasterly in Notre-Dame-Auxiliatrice-de-Buckland, to chemin du rang Saint-Roch (route 279);
northeasterly, to rang Ville-Marie road;
towards the northeast, up to its confluence.
The confluence of the Rivière des Orignaux is located on the southwest bank of the Forks River, in the township of Buckland. This confluence is located at north of Buckland, south of rivière du Sud (Montmagny) and at northwest of route 216.
Toponymy
The toponym “rivière des Orignaux” was made official on September 11, 1987, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Bellechasse Regional County Municipality
, also known as , was a poet, an official in the Imperial court of Emperor Fushimi, and a senior bureaucrat of the Kamakura shogunate.
Tamekane was the grandson of poet Fujiwara no Tameie.
In the Imperial Daijō-kan, he rose to the rank of Chūnagon and Dainagon.
In 1298, he was banished to Sado Island. Later, this exile was modified to banishment in Tosa province.
Selected works
In a statistical overview derived from writings by and about Kyōgoku Tamekane, OCLC/WorldCat encompasses roughly 10+ works in 30+ publications in 2 languages and 400+ library holdings.
玉葉和歌集 (1647)
訳注為兼卿和哥抄 (1963)
為兼・為相等書狀並案 (1988)
See also
Gyokuyō Wakashū
Notes
References
Nussbaum, Louis-Frédéric and Käthe Roth. (2005). Japan encyclopedia. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. ; OCLC 58053128
Titsingh, Isaac. (1834). Annales des empereurs du Japon (Nihon Odai Ichiran). Paris: Royal Asiatic Society, Oriental Translation Fund of Great Britain and Ireland. OCLC 5850691
Japanese poets
A number of bands have decided to pay tribute to New Order by recording tribute albums. A tribute album is a collection of covers from either one, or several artists, of music originally by another artist. There are several New Order tribute albums on the market.
All the material released by Peter Hook and the Light can be considered tribute albums, as that is essentially a covers band.
Essence > Tribute To New Order
Essentially the first New Order tribute ever released. The album was released in Brazil in 1997, under 'The The Records'.
Track listing
Morgue - "Thieves Like Us"
Individual Industry - "Bizarre Love Triangle"
Biopsy - "Fine Time"
Clone DT - "Ceremony/Temptation"
Nude - "The Perfect Kiss"
Toward The Cathedral - "Regret"
Resonate - "Your Silent Face"
Um Ou Não - "We All Stand"
Oil Filter - "Confusion"
Aghast View - "True Faith"
Tétine - "Truth"
Etern - "Touched By The Hand Of God"
Harry - "Doubts Even Here"
Simbolo - "State Of The Nation"
Night Shift - "Vanishing Point"
Blue Order - A Trance Tribute To New Order
Released in 1997 by Hypnotic, a division of Cleopatra Records.
Track listing
Intro
Martin N - "Confusion"
Flipside - "Blue Monday"
Coercion - "Touched By The Hand Of Dub"
Endorphin - "Spooky"
Martin O. - "Young Offender"
T.H.C. - "1963"
Bugeyed Funk - "Fine Time"
Sandowski - "Everything's Gone Green"
Flipside - "The Beach"
Judson Leach - "Bizarre Love Triangle"
Casey Stratton - "Regret"
Thieves Like Us: New Order Tribute
Released in 2000 by Si Records. Track #8 is mislabeled as Mesh on the CD release, probably to mimic the same mistake on the New Order compilation Substance.
Track listing
Thursday 29 - "Age Of Consent"
Echo Stylus - "Ruined In A Day"
Strange Angels - "Touched By The Hand Of God"
Satellite Circle - "True Faith"
Sensoria - "Hurt"
MinGys - "Dream Attack"
Fadestation - "In A Lonely Place"
Florentine Cruise - "Cries & Whispers"
Suzuki Kid - "Confusion"
Vegasphere - "Round & Round"
Radiate - "Regret"
International Jewel Thieves - "World In Motion"
Neutered Faith - "Angel Dust"
Larry Petrov Jr. - "Times Change"
Re:Movement – Tribute To New Order
Released in Japan in 2001 by Electric Sal.
Track listing
Color Filter - "Regret"
Rithium+3 - "Your Silent Face"
Daffodil-19 - "Leave Me Alone"
The Primrose - "True Faith"
Peltone - "Blue Monday"
Hideki Yoshimura - "Love Vigilantes"
Nyeed - "Thieves Like Us"
Capsule Giants! - "The Perfect Kiss"
Salt Lake - "Ceremony"
Sugiurumn - "World In Motion"
A Tribute To New Order
Released in 2001 by Cleopatra Records. Note that track #3 is identical to Martin N's Confusion from Blue Order; the name of the artist simply changed over the years. Same case with track #5 by DJ Buzz; the track Young Offender is simply an edit of the Martin O. track on Blue Order. Another interesting fact, DJ Pebbles' rendition of Blue Monday is actually a cover of the Hardfloor Remix of New Order's Blue Monday.
Track listing
Razed In Black - "Everything's Gone Green"
DJ Pebbles - "Blue Monday"
DJ Martin - "Confusion"
DJ Matthew Grim - "Round & Round"
DJ Buzz - "Young Offender"
Judson Leach - "Bizarre Love Triangle"
Vitamin DDT - "World (The Price Of Love)"
Transmutator - "Temptation"
Baby Shaker - "Shellshock"
Interface - "True Faith"
DJ Fuzz - "Blue Monday"
True Faith: A Tribute To New Order
Released in 2001 by Synthphony Records.
Track listing
Intact - "True Faith"
Days Of Fate - "Bizarre Love Triangle"
Seabound - "Confusion"
Shades Of Grey - "Thieves Like Us"
Atlantic Popes - "Ceremony"
Hungry Lucy - "Love Vigilantes"
Invisible Limits - "Temptation"
Wave in Head - "Blue Monday"
Paradoxx - "The Perfect Kiss"
Equatronic - "Every Little Counts"
Provision - "Vanishing Point"
D'Woolve - "Shellshock"
Persona - "Your Silent Face"
Dark Distant Spaces - "1963"
The String Quartet Tribute To New Order & Joy Division
A single band tribute to both New Order, and the band it came from, Joy Division, released in 2003 by Vitamin Records. Songs #1 to #4 are Joy Division songs, and #10 is an original composition.
Track listing
Silo String Quartet - "Love Will Tear Us Apart"
Silo String Quartet - "She's Lost Control"
Silo String Quartet - "Isolation"
Silo String Quartet - "New Dawn Fades"
Silo String Quartet - "Bizarre Love Triangle"
Silo String Quartet - "Blue Monday"
Silo String Quartet - "Love Vigilantes"
Silo String Quartet - "True Faith"
Silo String Quartet - "Regret"
Silo String Quartet - "Waiting Here"
Community: A NewOrderOnline Tribute
Released by Retroforward Records. This tribute album was composed of covers by various members of the unofficial New Order website, www.neworderonline.com in 2004. Track #5, #8 & #13 are Joy Division tracks. Track #7 is an Electronic track (Electronic is a side-project band that New Order's lead singer Bernard Sumner had going on after 1993). Love Vigilantes by Known Pleasures is a hidden track; after Almanso's Angel Dust finishes, there is about seven minutes of silence until Known Pleasures' track starts.
Track listing
kREMLIN - "Sooner Than You Think"
Captain Black - "Procession"
Evaluna - "Thieves Like Us"
Labster - "Face Up"
Project Wintermute - "Transmission"
Unfaith - "True Faith"
Cloudless - "Some Distant Memory"
Slightly Narrow Sound System - "Heart & Soul"
C Bentley - "In A Lonely Place"
Dance Upon Nothing - "Bizarre Love Triangle"
International - "The Perfect Kiss"
Flight - "Dreams Never End"
Spiral Of Silence - "Dead Souls"
La Fin De Tout - "586"
The Minus One - "We All Stand"
Almanso - "Angel Dust"
16½. Known Pleasures - "Love Vigilantes"
CommunityEP: A NewOrderOnline Tribute
Released in 2004 by Retroforward Records. This EP contained some tracks the producers feel should have made the CD, and a collaboration on the song Crystal by Almanso and the lead singer from The Minus One, called Nemesis (now they call themselves Glasnost). Track #6 is actually by Known Pleasures (who did Love Vigilantes on the preceding album), only again, there was a name-change in between.
Track listing
Almanso - "Ceremony"
Flight - "Dreams Never End"
C Bentley - "Temptation"
Manumatic - "Love Less"
Almanso - "Angle Dust (Project Wintermute Evil Dust Machine Remix)"
Digital - "Leave Me Alone"
Nemesis - "Crystal"
Revolving World - A Tribute To New Order
Released in 2005 by Popswirl Records. Temptation is a hidden track, along the same lines as Love Vigilantes from Community.
Track listing
So Happy - "Blue Monday"
Magnolia - "1963"
Alight - "Guilty Partner"
Scalde - "Crystal"
Shed - "The Perfect Kiss"
Mango - "World (The Price Of Love)"
The Rams - "Shellshock"
Kii Noo - "Age Of Consent"
Feelings Of Nowhere - "Round & Round"
For The Chosen Few - "Your Silent Face"
Unwise - "Brutal"
Eventide - "Ceremony"
Airbag - "True Faith"
Laura Van Dam - "Turn My Way"
Une Vie Austère - "Lonesome Tonight"
15½. Anthony Stretch - "Temptation"
Love's Shattered Pride: A Tribute To Joy Division & New Order
Released in 2005 by Failure To Communicate Records. Tracks #1 to #4 and #9 to #12 are Joy Division tracks.
Track listing
Extropy - "Heart & Soul"
Audra - "Walked In Line"
In The Nursery - "Love Will Tear Us Apart"
The Brides - "The Drawback"
Unto Ashes - "The"
Jupiter Blue - "Regret"
Sheriff Scabs - "Love Vigilantes"
Ahab Rex & The Fourteens - "Crystal"
Neologos - "Twenty Four Hours"
Nerve Exhibit - "New Dawn Fades"
Hearts Fail - "Decades"
Theatre Of The Absurd - "Ice Age"
Kolar - "Ceremony"
BlackCycle - "Blue Monday"
Community 2: A NewOrderOnline Tribute
An enhanced tribute CD released in late 2006 by Retroforward Records as a follow-up to Community: A NewOrderOnline Tribute. There also included is a video for The Village by David Potts. Tracks #11 and #12 are Joy Division tracks. Sunrise Before Dawn is Alight (featured on Revolving World) lead singer Tracey DiLascio's solo project. Flash background music provided by Razed In A New Division Of Agony (Logan Edwards).
Track listing
David Potts - "The Village"
Tin God - "Your Silent Face"
Yokohama Crepuscule - "Run"
C Bentley - "ICB"
Sunrise Before Dawn - "Ruined In A Day"
3V - "Blue Monday"
Phantom West - "Doubts Even Here"
Labster - "Behind Closed Doors"
Glasnost - "Turn"
Popvert - "Subculture"
Serotonin - "No Love Lost"
Almanso - "New Dawn Fades"
Tomihira - "Mr. Disco"
kREMLIN - "Lonesome Tonight"
Generalized - "1963"
O'ou - "Dream Attack"
David Potts - "The Village (DJ Ionic Remix)"
Ceremony - A New Order Tribute
A collection of New Order covers by various independent acts from North America and Europe, compiled into a Double CD Digi-pack and two additional albums: One of songs that could not fit onto the physical package and another composed completely of "Ceremony" covers.
Released on February 20, 2010 by 24-Hour Service Station.
Double CD (Physical)
Track listing
Disc One
Peter Hook - "Strangely Enough Impact" (Spoken Word Dedication to Tony Wilson)
Yes But No - "Ceremony"
Kites With Lights - "Dream Attack"
Rabbit In The Moon - "Blue Monday"
The Dark Romantics - "Crystal"
Pocket (musician) (feat. Shaun Robinson & Tracy Shedd - "Sub-Culture"
Solo Gigolos UK - "World"
LoneWolf (feat. Geri X) - "Turn"
Detachments - "Mr Disco"
The Beauvilles - "Paradise"
Christian Webb & Adam Knowles - "Run"
Sunbears! - "Thieves Like Us"
GD Luxxe - "60 Miles An Hour"
Jimmy Oakes - "Love Vigilantes"
John Ralston (musician) - "All Day Long"
The Dark Esquire - "Temptation"
Johnny Parry - "The"
Disc Two
The Bedford Incident - "As It Is When It Was"
Sibling - "Round & Round"
Detachments - "The Perfect Kiss"
Flight - "Your Silent Face"
Kingsbury (band) - "This Time Of Night"
The Cloud Room - "Blue Monday"
The Sheaks - "Ceremony"
History - "Sunrise"
Light Yourself On Fire - "Chosen Time"
Allegra Gellar - "Leave Me Alone"
XOXO - "Every Little Counts"
Jimmy Oakes - "Bizarre Love Triangle"
Win Win Winter - "Regret"
The Milling Gowns - "1963"
Yes But No (Kites With Lights Remix) - "Ceremony"
(Digital only at first, released in physical form later)
Digital Album
Track listing
Marc Deon - "Mr Disco"
Manumatic - "Chosen Time"
CBentley - "Everything's Gone Green"
Lush Progress - "Waiting For The Sirens' Call"
Jimmy Oakes - "Love Less"
The Artificial Sea - "We All Stand"
Flight - "Truth"
Fornever - "Angel Dust"
Wedgepiece - "Your Silent Face"
Last Year's Model - "Face Up"
Razed In A New Division Of Agony - "Doubts Even Here"
TurboVamps - "Love Vigilantes"
The Thin Boys - "Procession"
The Sheaks - "Run"
Against The Stars - "True Faith"
Marc Deon - "Confusion"
Ceremony 12 Versions
Track listing
Christian Webb & Adam Knowles - "Ceremony"
Yes But No (Kites With Lights Remix) - "Ceremony"
The Bedford Incident - "Ceremony"
Razed In A New Division Of Agony - "Ceremony"
Fornever - "Ceremony"
Glomag - "Ceremony"
The Milling Gowns - "Ceremony"
The Sheaks - "Ceremony"
Yes But No - "Ceremony"
Kingsbury - "Ceremony"
Marc Deon - "Ceremony"
Last Year's Model - "Ceremony"
Power, Corruption & Lies Covered
A tribute album to the album of the same name, included in the February 2012 issue of MOJO Magazine.
Track listing
The Golden Filter - "Age Of Consent"
Errors -"The Village"
S.C.U.M. - "586"
Fujiya & Miyagi - "Your Silent Face"
Seekae - "Ultraviolence"
Walls - "Ecstasy"
Destroyer - "Leave Me Alone"
Biosphere - "Blue Monday"
Zombie Zombie - "The Beach"
Lonelady - "Cries & Whispers"
Another Blood - "Lonesome Tonight"
K-X-P - "Murder"
External links
The official website
@ Discogs
New Order
Iacob Dybwad Sømme (5 September 1898 – 3 March 1944) was a Norwegian ichthyologist and resistance member.
Personal life
He was born in Etnedal as a son of chief physician Jacob Dybwad Sømme (1866–1923) and Helene Sofie Sørensen (1870–1955). The family moved to Mesnalien in 1899, Stavanger in 1908 and Molde in 1917. He was a brother of Sven Sømme and first cousin of Axel Sømme. His sister Ingerid Sømme married Sigval Bergesen the Younger, a son of Sigval Bergesen. Iacob Dybwad Sømme married scientist Aslaug Sverdrup (1891–1955), a daughter of bishop and politician Jakob Sverdrup, in January 1930 in Oslo. The marriage lasted until 1942. They had one child together.
Career
Sømme took his examen artium in 1919, studied zoology and was a research fellow for the Directorate of Fisheries from 1924 to 1926, and graduated from the Royal Frederick University in 1930 with the mag.scient. degree. He was a consultant for the Norwegian Association of Hunters and Anglers from 1931 to 1940, and spent much time on the research of freshwater fishing, particularly the biology of the trout. In 1941 he released his main work about trout, Ørretboka. As well as the 1937 handbook Amatørfiske og sportsfiske i sjøen, it was revered by sport fishers.
Resistance
During the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany, Sømme participated in the Norwegian resistance movement. He was an early member of the military organization Milorg, helped build up the organization and acted as its head of communications in South Norway. In October 1942 he was discovered by a denouncer. He was captured, incarcerated and tortured at Victoria Terrasse, later in Grini concentration camp from 31 October. He was sentenced to death in November 1943, by a court-martial (an SS- und Polizeigericht) led by Hans Paul Latza.
He was executed at Trandumskogen on 3 March 1944 together with six other men, including sports official Osmund Brønnum. Sømme was buried at Vår Frelsers gravlund.
References
1898 births
1944 deaths
People from Etnedal
University of Oslo alumni
Norwegian ichthyologists
Norwegian fishers
Norwegian resistance members
Norwegian torture victims
Norwegian civilians killed in World War II
Resistance members killed by Nazi Germany
People executed by Nazi Germany by firing squad
Burials at the Cemetery of Our Saviour
Norwegian people executed by Nazi Germany
Deaths by firearm in Norway
20th-century Norwegian zoologists
BFI is the British Film Institute, a charitable organisation.
BFI may also refer to:
Companies
Browning-Ferris Industries, American waste collection company
BFI Canada, non-hazardous solid waste management company in North America
Governmental entities
Bureau of Fraud Investigation, Irish national police division responsible for investigating fraudulent activity
Boeing Field, Seattle, Washington, United States (by IATA airport code)
Non-commercial enterprises
Big Five Inventory, survey for measuring Big Five personality traits
Baby Friendly Initiative (UK), pro-breastfeeding campaign run by UNICEF UK as part of global Baby Friendly Hospital Initiative
Becker Friedman Institute for Research in Economics, cross-disciplinary center for research in economics at University of Chicago
Buckminster Fuller Institute, U.S. charitable institution dedicated to propagating ideas of Buckminster Fuller
Sports
Basketball Federation of India
Radmilla A. Cody born 1975 is a Navajo model, singer, and anti-domestic violence activist who was the 46th Miss Navajo from 1997 to 1998.
She was the first biracial Miss Navajo and thus so far the only Miss Navajo partially of African-American heritage, her nomination sparked considerable debate over Navajo identity. After her tenure, allegations of drug-trafficking and involvement in money-laundering, resulting in her subsequent arrest and imprisonment, led to verbal racial attacks as well as support.
Early life
Cody was born into the clan of the Navajo Nation. Her father is African-American. She was raised in the rural areas of the Navajo Nation by her maternal grandmother, speaking Navajo. In an interview with Vermont Public Radio, Cody recalled an instance of her grandmother getting upset with her when she spoke English, which, according to her grandmother, was nothing but "walla walla walla." Daily chores included the herding of sheep and occasional weaving. Cody later recalled that this time spent in relative solitude gave her time to practice her early singing skills with the "first audience [being] the sheep", and the surrounding environment gave her an appreciation of the sounds of nature. Since her grandmother had converted to Christianity, another influence was Christian choirs visiting the local church.
Career
In 1997, Cody participated in and won the Miss Navajo contest, an event for which extensive knowledge of Navajo traditions and fluency in the Navajo language are required, rather than the ideals of beauty promoted by Western beauty pageants. After her tenure, she began a career as recording artist.
Cody's songs are a mix of traditional Navajo music and songs incorporating lyrics written by her uncle, Herman Cody. Her first album, entitled Within the Four Directions, which includes the Navajo version of The Star-Spangled Banner (""), appeared in 2000. She won the 2002 Native American Music Award for Best Female Artist for her album Seed of Life, and has since released two more collections, Spirit of a Woman and Precious Friends, in 2005 and 2007, respectively. Her latest album is Shi Keyeh or Songs for the People released in 2011. This album was nominated for Best Regional Roots Album at the 2012 Grammy Awards. Cody was the first Native American singer nominated in this new category which succeeded to great controversy a standalone category for Native American music and Latin Jazz two-year prior to this award ceremony.
In 2002, Cody sang the Navajo version of The Star-Spangled Banner at the Kennedy Space Center as John Herrington became the first enrolled member of a Native American nation to fly into space.
Controversy
In 2003, Cody pleaded guilty to "misprison [sic] of a felony" for wiring $1,000 to her boyfriend who was involved in the trafficking of marijuana in Las Vegas, Nevada, and she admitted to knowing that the money would be used for such illegal activities; she served 21 months in jail. Subsequently, Cody became subjected to public racial attacks, commenting on her African American descent; others voiced support and understanding for her situation due to her boyfriend's being abusive and oppressive. She has since become an advocate and activist against domestic violence.
Discography
Within the Four Directions (2000)
Seed of Life (2002) 2002 Native American Music Awards Best Female Artist
Spirit of a Woman (2005)
Precious Friends (2007)
Shi Keyah: Songs for the People (2011)
References
External links
www.radmillacody.com Official website.
Dah Naatʼaʼí Sǫʼ bił Sinil. The Star-Spangled Banner in Navajo; sung by Radmilla Cody
21st-century Native Americans
Living people
Native American Christians
Black Native Americans
Native American activists
Native American singers
American women activists
Navajo-language singers
Anti-domestic violence activists
Native American female models
1975 births
21st-century American women singers
21st-century American singers
21st-century Native American women
20th-century Native Americans
20th-century Native American women
All Souls' Church (Abbreviation: ASC) is located in the Cameron Highlands, Pahang, Malaysia. Founded in 1958, the church is affiliated to the Anglican Diocese of West Malaysia and the Council of Churches, Malaysia.
History
All Souls' Church, previously known as the Cameron Highlands Church, was erected in 1958. It was initially attached to St. John's Church in Ipoh, Perak. The then committee members were Captain Hugh Fitzherbert Bloxham (Police Force, Tanah Rata), Mr. E.G. Waller (District Officer), Major Raymond Thomas (Commander, OC Troops), Major W.R. Stokes (Headmaster, Slim School), Mr. Hogarth (Chefoo School), Mr. Whitelaw (District Engineer), Rev. G.A. Williamson (OMF, Tapah), Mr. Sales (Clerk of Works), Miss Dove and Miss Anne L.P. Griffith-Jones.
The history of ASC dates back to the 1950s when the Vicar of St. John's Church in Perak and other expatriate clergy held regular services at the Cameron Highlands Hotel (now the Cameron Highlands Resort), the Eastern Hotel (which is the present site of the Century Pines Resort), Slim School (currently the home of the Malaysian Commando Unit) and Tanglin Boarding School (which is now Bala's Holiday Chalet). Church records show that the Rt. Rev. Anthony Charles Dumper visited the congregation at Slim School in early 1950. The first confirmation service was held in 1952
During the Malayan Emergency (1948–1960) there was a rapid increase in the number of British troops stationed in the Cameron Highlands. Army chaplains visited the “Camerons” to hold weekly services at either the Eastern Hotel or Slim School.
In early 1958, Miss Anne L.P. Griffith-Jones, OBE (1890–1973) transferred a piece of land near the Slim School grounds to the diocese on the understanding that a church would be built on it.
The construction of the church began in 1958. The British Armed Forces provided a dismantled Nissen hut for erection as a church and also donated a sum of RM$1,000 towards the total erection costs of RM$4,643. Part of this money also came from the European planter families from Kampong Kuantan and Kuala Selangor.
The erection of the church was completed in September 1958. The name "All Souls' Church" was given at its consecration on 20 April 1959 by the Rt. Rev. Bishop Henry W. Baines, Bishop of Singapore and Malaya to commemorate the soldiers who died in the two World Wars. The first service was conducted by Rev. G.A. Williamson on 11 September 1958.
At the outset, ASC was ministered to by chaplains of the British Armed Forces and the expatriate clergy from the Overseas Missionary Fellowship who were seconded to the Diocese of West Malaysia. Among these were the Rev. G.A. Williamson (1952–1960), Rev. Whitaker (1957), Rev. C.K. Davis (1958), Rev. K. Oliver (1958), Rev. P. Scott (1959), Rev. J.G.C. Thistle (1959–1960), Rev. T.O. Sturdy (1959–1960), Rev. G. Baker (1960–1961), Rev. Donald H. Temple (1960–1961), Rev. Vokes (1961). Rev. Fred Collard (1965–1974) and Rev. David H. Uttley (1970–1971). All Souls' Church later became a part of the Parish of South Perak and in 1986 it became a member church of the Parish of Batang Padang, Tapah, Perak.
Since its origination, All Souls' Church has been governed by an independent committee comprising lay members of the church. The first Malaysian clergy who ministered at ASC, were the clergy from Emmanuel Church in Tapah, Perak. They were the Rev. Moses Elisha Ponniah (1975–1979), Rev. Samuel D. John (1980–1986), Rev. S. Alakumalai (1986–1990) and Rev. Steven Abbarow (1990–1998).
The first resident priest to be appointed to All Souls' Church was Rev. K. Kalaimuthu who was licensed by the late Bishop Tan Sri John G. Savarimuthu on 21 August 1994. He was succeeded by Rev. Dr. Vijendra Daniel in November 1997. On 30 August 1998 the Bishop Tan Sri Datuk Dr. Lim Cheng Ean inaugurated ASC as a Missionary District, with Rev. Dr. Vijendra Daniel serving as the resident priest.
On 1 January 2007, Rev. David Cheong took over from Rev. Dr. Vijendra Daniel as Priest-in-Charge of All Souls' Church. He was succeeded by Rev. Jeremiah Lee (2008—2011), Rev. Simon Soh (2011—2015) and Rev. James Ming Sabaran (2015—2017). On 1 January 2018, Rev. Steven Raj succeeded Rev. James Ming Sabaran as Priest-in-Charge of All Souls' Church.
Services
The church runs four services throughout the week. All services involve lay participation.
The mid-week Holy Communion Service is conducted on Wednesday, the Kg. Telimau Holy Communion Service (Thursday), the Tamil Holy Communion Service (Friday) and the weekend Holy Communion Service (Sunday).
See also
Anglicanism
Anglican Communion
Anne Griffith-Jones
Bishop of West Malaysia
Church of the Province of South East Asia
Christianity in Malaysia
Diocese of West Malaysia
References
News articles
Further reading
Anglican Theology, Chapman, Mark. Bloomsbury T&T Clark, (5 April 2012; )
Anglicanism: A Very Short Introduction, Chapman, Mark. Oxford University Press, 1st edition (15 July 2006; )
Anglicanism, Neill, Stephen. Oxford University Press, USA, 4th edition (12 October 1978; )
Anglicanism in West Malaysia, Kalai, John. Auckland, NZ (2004; , )
External links
Official website of the Diocese of West Malaysia
Anglican church buildings in Malaysia
Buildings and structures in Pahang
1958 establishments in Malaya
Christian organizations established in 1958
Tauberrettersheim is a municipality in the district of Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany. It lies on the river Tauber.
Notable residents
Isidor Grunfeld, 1900–1975; Rabbi
References
Würzburg (district)
34th New York Film Critics Circle Awards
January 26, 1969(announced December 30, 1968)
Best Picture:
The Lion in Winter
The 34th New York Film Critics Circle Awards, honored the best filmmaking of 1967.
Winners
Best Actor:
Alan Arkin - The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter
Best Actress:
Joanne Woodward - Rachel, Rachel
Best Director:
Paul Newman - Rachel, Rachel
Best Film:
The Lion in Winter
Best Foreign Language Film:
War and Peace (Voyna i mir) • Soviet Union
Best Screenplay:
Lorenzo Semple Jr. - Pretty Poison
Special Award:
Yellow Submarine
References
External links
1968 Awards
1968
New York Film Critics Circle Awards, 1968
1968 in American cinema
1968 in New York City
WNIU (90.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to Rockford, Illinois. The station is owned by Northern Illinois University, and airs classical music. It is part of Northern Public Radio along with WNIJ.
WNIU broadcasts in the hybrid digital HD format.
Translator
References
External links
Northern Public Radio
NIU
Mass media in Rockford, Illinois
Northern Illinois University
NPR member stations
NIU
Radio stations established in 1991
1991 establishments in Illinois
Molly Birnbaum (born 1982) is a writer. Her work has appeared in The New York Times, ARTnews magazine, the New York Post, USA Today, the Point Reyes Light newspaper, and The Brown Alumni Magazine. She has won the Pulitzer Traveling Fellowship for Art and Culture from Columbia University in 2008. She was born and raised in Boston, attended Brown University, where she studied the History of Art and Architecture. She then became interested in cooking. Her first job was as a dish washer working for Tony Maws at his Cambridge, MA restaurant, Craigie Street Bistrot; it is now called Craigie on Main. She was accepted into the Culinary Institute of America, but did not attend after an automobile accident in August 2005 that occurred while she was jogging in Brookline, MA; the accident caused her to lose her ability to smell. She wrote a book about her experience dealing with her loss of smell titled "Season to Taste: How I lost My sense of Smell and Found My Way." She writes the blog "My Madeleine."
References
External links
Interview on June 22, 2011 on WNYC's Leonard Lopate's Show
"Season to Taste: How I lost My Sense of Smell and Found My Way"
Mollys Madeleine Blog
NY Times article about Ms. Birnbaum on June 15, 2011
Interview on American Public Media on April 29, 2008
Profile on Boston Herald blog Fork Lift on June 22, 2011
1982 births
Living people
Writers from Boston
American women writers
Brown University alumni
21st-century American women
A Bunch of Stiff Records, also known as A Bunch of Stiffs, is a various artists album to promote some of the first acts to be signed by Stiff Records. It is subtitled Undertakers to the Industry – If They're Dead - We'll Sign 'Em.
One of the tracks, Elvis Costello's "Less Than Zero", had been issued as single only a week prior to this album being released, although this is an unusual and otherwise-unavailable mix of the song, which has keyboards overdubbed over the intro. Motörhead's "White Line Fever" had been scheduled for release in December 1976, but the issue was cancelled. Wreckless Eric's "(I'd Go The) Whole Wide World" was issued as a single in August 1977.
The album did not enter the UK charts.
Graham Parker's track (No. 6, the final track on side 1 of the LP) was not listed on the original release, probably due to his contract with Phonogram, for whose Vertigo label he and the Rumour had already released two LPs.
The album was designed by Barney Bubbles (uncredited, as was his usual practice).
Track listing
See also
Stiff Records discography
References
1977 compilation albums
New wave compilation albums
Record label compilation albums
Stiff Records compilation albums
Antonio Martini (b. at Prato in Tuscany, 20 April 1720; d. at Florence, 31 December 1809) was an Italian biblical scholar and Archbishop of Florence. His translation of the Bible in Italian, formally approved by the papacy, was widely used in Italy for about two centuries.
Life
Having received holy Orders, he was appointed director of the Superga College at Turin. Cardinal Carlo Vittorio Amedeo delle Lanze, knowing that Pope Benedict XIV desired a good version of the Bible in the contemporary Tuscan language, urged Martini to undertake the work.
He began a translation of the New Testament but found the work with his duties in the Superga beyond his physical strength. He accordingly resigned the directorship and accepted from the King Charles Emmanuel III of Sardinia a state councillorship together with a pension. In spite of some discouragement upon the decease of Benedict XIV, Martini persevered, completing the publication of the New Testament in 1771. In his work upon the Hebrew text of the Old Testament, which followed, he was assisted by the rabbi Terni, a Jewish scholar.
The whole work was approved, and Martini personally commended, by Pope Pius VI, who made him archbishop of Florence in 1781. As archbishop he succeeded in partly foiling an attempt to publish a garbled edition of his work, and a third authorized edition issued from Archiepiscopal Press of Florence in 1782-92.
See also
Bible translations (Italian)
References
Begagli, Biografia degli uomini illustri (Venice 1840)
Minocchi in Fulcran Vigouroux, Dictionnaire de la Bible, s.v. Italiennes (Versions) de la Bible
External links
biographic information
1720 births
1809 deaths
Italian biblical scholars
Roman Catholic archbishops of Florence
18th-century Italian Roman Catholic archbishops
19th-century Italian Roman Catholic archbishops
Translators of the Bible into Italian
18th-century translators
John Foster Williams (12 October 1743 – 24 June 1814) was an American mariner who served as an officer in the Massachusetts State Navy during the American Revolutionary War and later an officer in the Revenue-Marine.
Career
Williams was commissioned a captain in the Navy of Massachusetts and received command of the brig Hazard late in 1777. In the following year, he took her to sea in a fruitless search for British West Indiamen; but he and his ship eventually achieved success in 1779. While cruising in the West Indies, Hazard fell in with the privateer brigantine Active on 16 March. At the end of a "smart action" of 35-minutes' duration, "yard arm to yard arm," Active struck her colors and became Hazard's prize, after having suffered 13 killed and 20 wounded out of her 95-man crew. Hazard sent the captured brigantine back to Massachusetts under a prize crew and subsequently returned home in April, after taking several other prizes.
In May, Hazard returned to sea, this time in company with the brig Tyrannicide. At 0830 on 15 June, the two ships fell in with two British ships and—after a short, sharp engagement—forced both enemy vessels to strike their colors. Later that summer, Hazard—like the rest of the Massachusetts Navy—took part in the ill-fated Penobscot expedition, an operation which eventually cost the state's navy all of its commissioned vessels.
Williams received command of the new 20 gun frigate Protectors in the spring of 1780 and took her to sea in June. In accordance with instructions from the Board of War, the new warship cruised in the vicinity of the Newfoundland Banks, on the lookout for British merchantmen. Her vigilance was rewarded early in June.
At 0700 on 9 June 1780, Protector spotted a strange ship bearing down on her, flying British colors. At 1100, the Continental frigate, also flying English colors, hailed the stranger and found her to be the 32-gun letter-of-marque Admiral Duff, bound for London from St. Kitts. When the enemy's identity had been ascertained, Protector hauled down British colors and ran up the Continental flag—opening fire almost simultaneously. The action ensued for the next hour and one-half, until Admiral Duff caught fire and exploded, leaving 55 survivors for Protector to rescue soon thereafter.
With the coming of peace, Williams returned to his native Boston. Because of rampant smuggling and the need for enforcement of tariff laws, upon the urging of Secretary of Treasury Alexander Hamilton, the United States Congress created the Revenue-Marine on 4 August 1790. Under the enabling legislation that authorized the Revenue-Marine, a "System of Cutters", consisting of ten ships, were initially ordered and constructed. John Foster Williams was commissioned as a Revenue-Marine officer by President George Washington 21 March 1791 and given oversight of construction of the cutter Massachusetts which he later commanded. After Massachusetts was determined to be too slow for her assigned tasks she was decommissioned and Massachusetts II was constructed and commissioned in 1793; Williams was chosen as master.
Later life and death
Williams died in Boston on 24 June 1814.
Legacy
The ship was named for him.
References
Citations
Works cited
1743 births
1814 deaths
People from colonial Boston
Massachusetts militiamen in the American Revolution
Continental Navy personnel
People of colonial Massachusetts
Burials at Granary Burying Ground
The 1987–88 SM-liiga season was the 13th season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland. 10 teams participated in the league, and Tappara Tampere won the championship.
Standings
Playoffs
Semifinals
Ilves - Lukko 0:3 (1:4, 3:4, 2:6)
HIFK - Tappara 2:3 (4:1, 0:5, 6:2, 3:15, 5:6 P)
3rd place
Ilves - HIFK 2:6
Final
Tappara - Lukko 4:1 (2:3, 4:1, 3:1, 3:0, 5:2)
Relegation
KooKoo - Kiekkoreipas 3:2 (4:3, 1:5, 3:4, 4:3, 8:5)
External links
SM-liiga official website
1987–88 in Finnish ice hockey
Fin
Liiga seasons
Arboga is an unincorporated community in Yuba County, California. It is located , south of Olivehurst on the Sacramento Northern Railroad, at an elevation of 56 feet (17 m). It was named in 1911 by the pastor of the Mission Covenant Church of Sweden for his hometown of Arboga, Sweden.
During World War II, a temporary detention camp for Japanese Americans evicted from the West Coast by Executive Order 9066 was located here. The Marysville Assembly Center opened on May 8, 1942, and held 2,465 people before closing on June 29, when the residents were transferred to the more permanent and isolated concentration camp at Tule Lake, California.
A post office operated at Arboga from 1912 to 1926.
Arboga Assembly Center
The Marysville Assembly Center was built at a camp for migrant workers at Arboga, 8 miles south of Marysville, California. The camp was also called the Arboga Assembly Center. The center was one of fifteen temporary centers in California. Those of Japanese ancestry were housed at the camp from May 8, 1942, to June 29. The assembly center housed at its peak 2,465 evacuees. Most came from Placer and Sacramentocounties. The camp had about 160 buildings, with five dining halls and two infirmaries. Most were moved to the Tule Lake War Relocation Center. In July 1942 the US Army took over the camp for the use of soldiers
The site is a California Historical Landmark number 934.01.
The California Historical Landmark reads:
NO. 934 TEMPORARY DETENTION CAMPS FOR JAPANESE AMERICANS-MARYSVILLE ASSEMBLY CENTER - The temporary detention camps (also known as 'assembly centers') represent the first phase of the mass incarceration of 97,785 Californians of Japanese ancestry during World War II. Pursuant to Executive Order 9066 signed by President Franklin D. Roosevelt on February 19, 1942, thirteen makeshift detention facilities were constructed at various California racetracks, fairgrounds, and labor camps. These facilities were intended to confine Japanese Americans until more permanent concentration camps, such as those at Manzanar and Tule Lake in California, could be built in isolated areas of the country. Beginning on March 30, 1942, all native-born Americans and long-time legal residents of Japanese ancestry living in California were ordered to surrender themselves for detention.
See also
California Historical Landmarks in Yuba County, California
References
External links
1911 establishments in California
Populated places established in 1911
Unincorporated communities in Yuba County, California
Unincorporated communities in California
Qatar competed at several editions of the World Games.
History
In 2005, Qatar won its first medal at the World Games in Duisburg, Germany and both medals were won in bodybuilding. In 2009, Kamal Abdulsalam Abdulrahman won a medal in bodybuilding at the 2009 World Games but he was stripped of his medal in 2011 after testing positive for a banned substance. Eight years later, at the 2017 World Games held in Wrocław, Poland, Qatar won a bronze medal in beach handball. At the 2022 World Games, the country won the silver medal in the men's beach handball tournament.
Medal count
References
Nations at the World Games
David Stitchkin Branover was a Chilean attorney and rector of the University of Concepción from 1956 to 1962.
Background and education
He was born in Santiago, Chile, on October 25 1912. He attended the Law School of the University of Chile.
Career
At age 27, Branover became a professor at the Law School of the University of Chile.
In 1956 he was named rector of the University of Concepción in Concepción, Chile.
He is remembered for his role in founding the university's Casa del Arte museum during his tenure as Rector.
Personal life
Branover married Fanny Litvak and the couple had four children, Sergio, Eliana, Lilian and Claudio.
Branover died on July 12, 1997.
References
Chilean scholars and academics
Walter Lynne (fl. 1550) was a Flemish publisher and translator, known as a Protestant publisher in London.
Life
Lynne lived at Somers Quay, near Billingsgate in London, and also seems to have kept a shop at the sign of the Eagle, near St Paul's School. As his dedications and prefaces show, he was an ardent reformer; he printed and translated works of a religious kind and enjoyed the patronage of Thomas Cranmer. His mark consisted of a ram and a goat, with the letters W. and L.
Works
Lynne's major published translations were:
The Beginning and Endynge of all Popery, or Popishe Kyngedome, London, 1548, from the German, printed by Herford, with woodcuts. This work was derived from the Vaticinia of Joachim of Fiore, via a German translation.
A version in English of Cranmer's Catechismus (a Latin translation from the German of Justus Jonas), London, 1548. Two editions the same year, one printed by Nicolas Hyll.
A Declaration of the Twelve Articles of the Christen Faith, London, 1548; translated from the German of Urban Regius and printed by Richard Jugge.
The Divisyon of the Places of the Lawe and of the Gospell …, by Petrus Artopoeus (Peter Becker 1491–1563), with two Orations of Prayeng to God made by S. John Chrisostome, London, 1548, printed by Lynne. Another edition has no date.
A Frutefull and Godly Exposition and Declaracion of the Kyngdom of Christ, two of Martin Luther's sermons, with "a godly sermon of U. Regius", London, 1548, printed for Lynne and dedicated to the Princess Elizabeth.
The chiefe and pryncypall Articles of the Christen Faythe … with other thre … bokes [viz.] the Confessyon of the Faythe of Doctor M. Luther. Of the ryght Olde Catholyke Churche. … The three Symboles … of the Christen Faythe, in the Churche unfourmely used. Also A Singular and Fruteful Maner of Prayeng used by … M. Luther, London, 1548, printed for Lynne.
A lytle Treatise after the maner of an Epistle, London, 1548, translated from Regius.
Luther's three Sermons on Sickness and Burial (Watt), London, 1549.
A Treatise or Sermon (by Heinrich Bullinger), concernynge Magistrates and Obedience of Subjects, London, 1549, printed for Lynne, who added an epistle and dedication to Edward VI.
The Thre Bokes of Cronicles by Johann Carion, with Johann Funck's appendix, London, 1550, printed for Lynne, who added a preface on the use of reading history; dedicated to Edward VI.
A brief and a compendious Table in maner of a Concordaunce, openyng the waye to the Principall Histories of the whole Bible, London, 1550, 1563, from the German of Bullinger, Leo Juda, Konrad Pellicanus, and others. Lynne added a translation of the third book of Maccabees, and dedicated the whole to the Duchess of Somerset.
Among Lynne's publications was The true Beliefe in Christ and his Sacramentes set forth in a Dialogue, London, 1550; a translation from Dutch by William Roy, with a dedication to Anne, Duchess of Somerset, by Lynne, who perhaps only printed the title-page and first three leaves; the rest was printed abroad. He also published the following:
Treatise of the right Worshipping of Christ, London, 1548.
John Ponet's Tragœdie or Dialoge of the unjuste usurped Primacie of the Bishop of Rome (translation from Ochinus), London, 1549.
Ponet's sermon "concerninge the ryght use of the Lordes Supper", London, 1550.
An edition of Thomas Becon's Spirytual and Precious Pearle, London, 1550.
An edition of Thomas Norton's translation of Peter Martyr's Epistle unto the … Duke of Somerset, London, 1550.
A Catechisme, n.d.
Story's translations from St. Augustine, n.d.
The Vertuous Scholehous of Ungracious Women, n.d.
Notes
Attribution
Flemish printers
Flemish translators
People of the Habsburg Netherlands
16th-century Protestants
The Sula pitta (Erythropitta dohertyi) is a species of the pitta. It was considered a subspecies of the red-bellied pitta. It is endemic to Indonesia where it occurs in the Sula and Banggai Islands. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Sula pitta
Birds of the Sula Islands
Sula pitta
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Planicoxa is a genus of advanced iguanodontian dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous of North America. It is known from the partial skeletons of several individual specimens. Its fossils were discovered in Utah, United States.
The type species for the genus is Planicoxa venenica, first described by Tony DiCroce and Kenneth Carpenter in 2001. Its discovery was made in the Poison Strip Sandstone Member of the Cedar Mountain Formation in Grand County, Utah, United States. The generic name, Planicoxa, which means "flat hip", refers to the flat appearance of the ilium formed by horizontal folding over of the postacetabular process (rear portion of the ilium), the defining characteristic of the genus; venenica, the specific name, is Latin for "poison" in reference to the Poison Strip Sandstone Member of the Cedar Mountain Formation where the discovery was made. The taxon is represented by a well-preserved ilium, femora, tibiae, and vertebrae, as well as other material. The femora are standard for ornithopods, but the ilium has a short, horizontal postacetabular process that is functionally an antitrochanter. The discovery of P. venenica added significant information to the Barremian-Albian fauna of the Cedar Mountain Formation.
A second species, P. depressa, was created by Carpenter and Wilson (2008) for material previously named Camptosaurus depressus by Charles Gilmore in 1909. That material was collected from the Lakota Formation near the town of Hot Springs, South Dakota. It too has the odd flat ilium formed by the horizontal postacetabular process. This species differs from P. venenica in that the ilium is not as arched, has a thicker (more robust) preacetabular process (long, forward projection of the ilium), a shallower acetabular notch (hip-socket), and a proportionally narrower brevis shelf (a shelf for muscles on the inside of the rear part of the ilium). It is known from some vertebrae and two ilia. Isolated iguanodontid bones from the Lakota Formation probably belong to this species. In 2011, it was assigned to its own genus, Osmakasaurus.
References
DiCroce, T. and K. Carpenter. (2001). "New ornithopod from the Cedar Mountain Formation (Lower Cretaceous) of Eastern Utah". pp. 183–196 in: Tanke, D. & K. Carpenter (eds.) Mesozoic Vertebrate Life. Indiana University Press, Bloomington.
Carpenter, K. and Wilson, Y. (2008). "A new species of Camptosaurus (Ornithopoda: Dinosauria) from the Morrison Formation (Upper Jurassic) of Dinosaur National Monument, Utah, and a biomechanical analysis of its forelimb". Annals of the Carnegie Museum 76:227-263.
Early Cretaceous dinosaurs of North America
Fossil taxa described in 2001
Iguanodonts
Taxa named by Kenneth Carpenter
Paleontology in Utah
Paleontology in South Dakota
Ornithischian genera
Vladimir Semyonovich Kuzin (; July 15, 1930 – October 5, 2007) was a former Soviet cross-country skier who competed during the 1950s, training at Dynamo in Leningrad. Born in Lampozhnya, Arkhangelsk Oblast, he earned a gold medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1956 Winter Olympics in Cortina d'Ampezzo. He also finished 5th in the 30 km event in those same Olympics.
Kuzin's best successes were at the 1954 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Falun, where he earned two golds (30 km, 50 km) and one silver medal (4 x 10 km relay).
In 1957 he was awarded Order of Lenin. He defended a dissertation for the Candidate of Biological Science degree.
References
Sport Gazeta announcement of Kuzin's death
1930 births
2007 deaths
People from Mezensky District
Cross-country skiers at the 1956 Winter Olympics
Dynamo sports society athletes
Olympic cross-country skiers of the Soviet Union
Olympic gold medalists for the Soviet Union
Soviet male cross-country skiers
Olympic medalists in cross-country skiing
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships medalists in cross-country skiing
Medalists at the 1956 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Arkhangelsk Oblast
Brian Maxwell Simmers (born 26 February 1940, Glasgow) is a former Scotland international rugby union player.
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
He played for Glasgow Academicals.
Provincial career
He played for Glasgow District in the Scottish Inter-District Championship.
International career
He was capped seven times between 1967 and 1971 for .
Family
He was the son of Bill "Max" Simmers, who was also capped for Scotland. and tennis player Gwen Sterry. His grandmother was Charlotte Cooper who won five women's singles titles at the Wimbledon Championships and two gold medals at the 1900 Summer Olympics.
References
Sources
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
1940 births
Living people
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Rugby union players from Glasgow
Glasgow Academicals rugby union players
Glasgow District (rugby union) players
Rugby union centres
Peter Grajciar (born 17 September 1983) is a Slovak football midfielder who plays for German club 1. FC Bad Kötzting. He previously played for the Süper Lig team Konyaspor.
Career
International career
His international debut came in second half of the Slovakia vs. Croatia friendly match on 16 October 2007.
Later career
In July 2019, Grajciar was appointed as a playing assistant manager for the B-team of FC Viktoria Plzeň under manager Pavel Horvath. He left the position on 10 March 2020 and joined 1. FK Příbram, once again under manager Pavel Horvath. They left the club one year later, in March 2021. During 2020, Grajciar also played for AFK Slivenec.
In July 2021, Grejciar joined German Landesliga Bayern-Mitte club 1. FC Bad Kötzting.
International goals
Honours
Slavia Prague
Gambrinus liga: 2008-09
Dinamo Tbilisi
Georgian Premier League: 2012–13
Georgian Cup: 2012–13
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
People from Zvolen
Association football midfielders
Slovak footballers
Slovak expatriate footballers
Slovakia international footballers
Slovakia under-21 international footballers
FC Nitra players
SK Slavia Prague players
Konyaspor footballers
AC Sparta Prague players
Slovak Super Liga players
Czech First League players
Süper Lig players
Erovnuli Liga players
Śląsk Wrocław players
Ekstraklasa players
1. FK Příbram players
SK Dynamo České Budějovice players
FC Sellier & Bellot Vlašim players
FC Dinamo Tbilisi players
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Georgia (country)
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in the Czech Republic
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Georgia (country)
Expatriate footballers in the Czech Republic
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Sumterville is an unincorporated community in the U.S. state of Florida within Central Sumter County. Like the county in which it resides, Sumterville was named after General Thomas Sumter, a hero of the American Revolutionary War. The community was an early county seat of Sumter County. The ZIP code for this community is 33585.
Geography
Sumterville is bordered by the City of Bushnell to the south, the City of Coleman to the north, Lake Panasoffkee to the west, and the Lake County Line to the east. Elevation is 75 feet above sea level. The rural and general atmosphere of Sumterville is similar to that of Coleman and Webster.
Transportation
The main roads through Sumterville are US 301 which runs north and south through Sumterville, as does State Road 471, which terminates at US 301. County Road 470 runs east and west, has a short concurrency with US 301, and also acts as the shared northern terminus of SR 471.
Interstate 75 runs along the western edge of Sumterville, as does County Road 475 and the CSX Wildwood Subdivision, which carried Amtrak's Palmetto until 2004. A railroad spur connected to this line ran directly into Sumterville until the 1930s. Exit 321 is I-75's Sumterville/Lake Panasoffkee exit for CR 470, and northbound Exit 321 also leads to CR 475. The right of way for a former Seaboard Air Line railroad line that carried the Silver Meteor between Coleman and Auburndale also ran through Sumterville until 1988.
Points of interest
Sumterville contains a campus of the Lake–Sumter State College and the Coleman Federal Prison. It is also the home to the Shady Brook Golf and RV Resort, Sumter Electric Co-Op Incorporated. and Collinas de Arena, now a private residence.
See also
References
External links
Sumterville, Florida Information (ePodunk.com)
Sumterville, Florida (RV Park Reviews)
Sumter History Links
Sumter County Chamber of Commerce
Official Sumter County Website
Sumter Today
Unincorporated communities in Sumter County, Florida
Unincorporated communities in Florida
Former municipalities in Florida
Former county seats in Florida
Barack Obama Elementary School is an elementary school in Richmond, Virginia, named after the U.S. President Barack Obama.
Naming
The schools were formerly named J. E. B Stuart Elementary after the Confederate Army general J. E. B. Stuart, its name was changed in 2018 to remove the historical reference to the Confederacy. The school board voted to rename the school in June 2018.
The renaming of the school is expected to cost $26,000. To help pay for these costs, Richmond Public Schools launched a t-shirt fundraiser and raised $40,894.
References
Schools in Richmond, Virginia
Stories Untold may refer to:
Stories Untold (album), an album by JJ Lin
Stories Untold (video game), a 2017 episodic horror adventure game
Mołodutyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kamień, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Seasonal Film Corporation () was an independent film company from Hong Kong, originally founded by the ex-assistant Shaw Brothers movie director Ng See-yuen in 1974. One of their first films was Call Me Dragon in 1974, starring Bruce Liang, Kurata Yasuaki and Mang Hoi. Seasonal Film Corporation was one of the well known independent filming company in Hong Kong and who was also responsible with likes of martial arts stars such as Jackie Chan, Hwang Jang-lee, Jean-Claude Van Damme, Yuen Woo Ping, Bruce Liang, Alan Chui Chung-San and Corey Yuen.
Beginning
Ng See-yuen originally started the company in Hong Kong in 1974, starting off with a few of the Bruce Liang movie titles with the likes of Call me Dragon, Bruce Lee, D-Day at Macao (Little Superman) and European and HK co-production Kidnap in Rome. Soon, their popularity started to rise when they released the movie Secret Rivals in 1976 and its following sequel Secret Rivals 2 in 1977, marking the most successful films through the late 70s.
Other films produced by the company through Ng (during 1974 to early 1978) include Hong Kong crime film Anti-Corruption (1975), and comedy film What Price? - Stardom (1977). Despite these early films from Seasonal did not gain much attention as their later films, the production quality still gained positive reaction and slowly making a Seasonal Films one of the household company in Hong Kong film industry.
Popularity and the early '80s period
The company started to get more attention when Yuen Woo-ping marks his first director debut on both Drunken Master and Snake in the Eagle's Shadow with the likes of Jackie Chan and Hwang Jang-lee. Giving a chance for Jackie Chan to approach more on a comedic kung fu style, soon the production companies two Yuen Woo Ping films not only expand the popularity of Jackie Chan, but also giving a proper position for Ng See Yuen to set his company as their own independent filmmaking company.
The company further goes down with popularity a bit more, the directors like Tsui Hark marked his first two debut films such as The Butterfly Murders and We're Going to Eat You through 1979 to 1980.
The company is also responsible with semi- Japanese and Hong Kong co-production film under the Corey Yuen's first director debut film called Ninja in the Dragon's Den starring Conan Lee and Hiroyuki Sanada, popularising the Ninja movies genre in Hong Kong and it was also very successful in Japanese's film market as a whole.
Other films throughout the late '70s to early '80s (particularly till 1978~1982) include Leslie Cheung'''s feature debut adult film Erotic Dreams of Red Chamber (1978), follow-up sequel to Drunken Master known as Dance of the Drunk Mantis (1979), several action-packed acrobatic flicks such as Two Fists Against the Law, Ring of Death and The Lackey and the Lady Tiger all in which released in the 1980s, historical kung fu film based on Huo Yuan Jia known as Legend of a Fighter (1982) and epic Hong Kong war battle with Chow Yun-fat and Rosamund Kwan known as The Headhunter (1982).
Hollywood Pictures
Ng See Yuen began to expand his production company further, they began to release some of the American style of kickboxing movies with New World Pictures, hence further expanding the No Retreat, No Surrender trilogy through 1986 to 1989.
Some of the Seasonal Film's Hollywood picture is also responsible for bringing up the likes of stars such as Jean-Claude Van Damme and Kurt McKinney who made their debut in the first No Retreat, No Surrender film.
Defunct
One of the Seasonal Film Corporation's last film was Wu Jing's 2008 film Legendary Assassin. The film was defunct around late 2008. Ng See-yuen later became a chairman of the several Hong Kong Film industry.
Films
Hong Kong ProductionBloody Fist (1972)Bruce Lee, D-Day at Macao (Little Superman) (1974)Call me Dragon (1974)Anti Corruption (1975)Secret Rivals(1976)Secret Rivals 2 (1977)What Price? - Stardom (1977)Snake in the Eagle's Shadow (1978)Drunken Master (1978)Erotic Dreams of Red Chamber (1978)Kung Fu Vs. Yoga (1979)Dance of the Drunk Mantis (Drunken Master Part 2)(1979)The Butterfly Murders (1979)Two for the Road (1980)We're Going to Eat You (1980)Without a Promised Land (1980)Lackey and the Lady Tiger (1980)The Ring of Death (1980)Two Fists Against the Law (1980)The Sweet and Sour Cop (1981)Game of Death II (Tower of Death) (1981)Legend of a Fighter (1982)Ninja in the Dragon's Den (1982)The Headhunter (1982)Walks on Fire (1987)Mister Mistress (1988)All for the Winner (1990)Dragon Inn (1992)Twin Dragons (1992)Green Snake (1993)Evening Liaison (1996)Bloodmoon (1997)Deja Vu (1999)Legendary Assassin (2008)
DocumentariesThe Art of High Impact Kicking (Documentary)(1981)Tiger and Crane Shaolin Kung Fu (Documentary)(1981)
Hollywood FilmsNo Retreat, No Surrender (1986)No Retreat, No Surrender 2 (1987)No Retreat, No Surrender 3: Blood Brothers (1989)The King of the Kickboxers (1990)American Shaolin (1991)Superfights'' (1995)
External links
Cinema chains in Hong Kong
Film production companies of Hong Kong
Film distributors of China
Mass media companies established in 1974
1974 establishments in Hong Kong
Kowloon
Mass media companies disestablished in 2008
2008 disestablishments in Hong Kong
Charles 'Charlie' Roger Backhouse (1871 – 5 August 1925) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the VFA for Carlton Football Club in 1890 and between 1891 and 1905 for the Richmond Football Club.
He was Captain of the Club in 1893 and played in the club's inaugural VFA Premiership side in 1902. In all he played 210 games for Richmond and kicked 42 goals. He also served on the Richmond Football Club Committee in 1894, 1900 and 1902.
He was made a life member of the Richmond Football Club in 1904 and was inducted into the club's Hall of Fame in its inaugural year, 2002.
References
External links
1871 births
1925 deaths
Carlton Football Club (VFA) players
Richmond Football Club (VFA) players
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Comanche County (county code CM) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 1,689. Its county seat and most populous city is Coldwater. The county is named after the Comanche Native Americans.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Kiowa County (north)
Barber County (east)
Woods County, Oklahoma (south)
Harper County, Oklahoma (southwest)
Clark County (west)
Demographics
As of the 2000 census, there were 1,967 people, 872 households, and 540 families residing in the county. The population density was 2 people per square mile (1/km2). There were 1,088 housing units at an average density of 1 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.97% White, 0.05% Black or African American, 0.25% Native American, 0.05% Asian, 0.20% Pacific Islander, 0.61% from other races, and 0.86% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.78% of the population.
There were 872 households, out of which 24.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.40% were married couples living together, 6.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.00% were non-families. Of all households 35.90% were made up of individuals, and 21.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.81.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.10% under the age of 18, 4.50% from 18 to 24, 21.00% from 25 to 44, 26.50% from 45 to 64, and 25.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47 years. For every 100 females there were 93.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $29,415, and the median income for a family was $36,790. Males had a median income of $24,844 versus $18,221 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,037. About 8.50% of families and 10.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.70% of those under age 18 and 7.70% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Laws
The Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 to allow the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with the approval of voters, either with or without a minimum of 30% of sales coming from food. Comanche County is one of 35 counties in the state that allows for the sale of liquor by the drink without the minimum food sales stipulation.
Education
Unified school districts
Comanche County USD 300
Communities
Cities
Coldwater
Protection
Wilmore
Unincorporated community
Buttermilk
Townships
Comanche County is divided into four townships. None of the cities within the county are considered "governmentally independent", and all figures for the townships include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
Dry counties
National Register of Historic Places listings in Comanche County, Kansas
References
Notes
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Comanche County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 42 pages; 1909.
External links
County
Comanche County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Comanche County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
1867 establishments in Kansas
Kansas placenames of Native American origin
Kansas counties
Populated places established in 1867
Limón is a canton in the Limón province of Costa Rica. The head city is in Limón district.
Toponymy
Limón is the word in Spanish for the lemon fruit.
History
Limón was created as a canton on 25 July 1892 by decree 61.
A district of Limón was established in 1870 under the jurisdiction of the central government in San José.
Geography
Limón has an area of km² and a mean elevation of metres.
The canton lies along the Caribbean coast from the mouth of the Toro River in the north to Tuba Creek in the south. It ranges westward into the Cordillera de Tilarán, with a southwest finger of the canton reaching up to the peak of Cerro Chirripó, the highest point in Costa Rica.
Districts
The canton of Limón is subdivided into the following districts:
Limón
Valle La Estrella
Río Blanco
Matama
Demographics
For the 2011 census, Limón had a population of inhabitants.
Transportation
Road transportation
The canton is covered by the following road routes:
References
Cantons of Limón Province
Populated places in Limón Province
Earth Made of Glass (1998) is a science fiction novel by American writer John Barnes, the second book of his Thousand Cultures series. The story is told from the perspective of a middle-aged special agent named Giraut. Earth Made of Glass examines religious extremism when two different cultures are forced into proximity.
Plot summary
Giraut and Margaret, now married, are sent on a diplomatic mission to the politically turbulent planet Briand, a distant Outer Sphere colony cut off from the rest of humanity for centuries until instantaneous travel became possible with the springer. Not only is Briand a very hot, high gravity planet, but the oppressive environment is matched by the increasing hatred between the two proud local cultures which have been forced to live in close proximity as a result of a volcano disaster—the Tamil Mandalam culture of New Tanjavur (based on an interpretation of Sangam literature) and the Maya culture that has been forced to live in the slum of Mayatown and the newly-grown city of Yaxkintulum after the destruction of their native Kintulum (based on an interpretation of pre-Columbian Maya civilization), have strained relations to the point that the Council of Humanity fears that full-scale war or ethnic cleansing may envelop Briand. Giraut and Margaret are given orders by Shan, their Office of Special Projects supervisor, to find the real power brokers of each culture in order to defuse the headline-grabbing daily ethnic attacks and steer the planet clear of all-out war. They must do this under the nose of Ambassador Kiel, a high ranking ambassador from Earth on Briand, who believes strengthening elected government officials is the only way to address a crisis.
Giraut and Margaret arrive as their marriage is falling apart, but focus on their work and establish contact with key Tamil people. They are assigned a Tamil assistant, Kapilar, with whom they both spend a lot of time. They are at first unable speak directly to the reclusive Mayans, except for Tz'iquin, the Mayan contact in New Tanjavur. After a small mob attacks Paxa Prytanis, another secret agent sent by the Office of Special Projects, an invitation by the Maya comes unexpectedly. Giraut, Kapilar and Tz'iquin travel to Yaxkintulum in the latter's flying yacht, as the Mayans have officially refused to adopt the springer as well as other technological conveniences, and rely on simple subsistence farming in order to preserve their cultural heritage. Giraut meets Tz'iquin's grandfather, Pusiictsom, the most powerful and influential priest in Yaxkintulum, who, despite being in charge of the traditionally conservative Center Temple, is a reformer working on reconciliation with the Tamils behind the scenes. A plan is put into motion where Pusiictsom's nephew is raised to the position of prophet under the name "Ix," with a plan to move to Yaxkintulum and start a cult movement of tolerance, modernization and truth about the founding of the two cultures. The plan calls for the new cult to be brutally oppressed by Mayan authorities, and Giraut, Kapilar, Ix and Tz'iquin stage an escape to New Tanjavur.
Through a series of public appearances, Ix begins to recruit Mayans and some Tamils to his cult. He starts dating Auvaiyar, a notable and famously attractive Tamil critic several years his junior who had previously been involved with Tz'quin, Kapilar and Kannan, a deeply bigoted Tamil critic and poet who heads the avant-garde movement and hopes to create a Fourth Sangam. The rumor that Ix has an affair with a Tamil causes mass riots, which Ix unexpectedly ends by confessing in public, despite Pusiictsom's protests, that his prophecy began as a ploy by his family, the Peccaries. Tz'iquin breaks into tears during his uncle's speech, revealing to Giraut his jealousy at his uncle's upcoming marriage to his former girlfriend. Just prior to Ix's next speech, however, Auvaiyar is found dead, her heart and lungs missing. Ix reacts calmly to the discovery, and decides to show the corpse to the crowd during his speech. Giraut and Kannan bring her body to the central plaza, before the temple of Murukan where Ix was going to wed Auvaiyar. As the prophet speaks to the mixed Tamil/Mayan crowd, he uses his pain, her murder and his forgiveness to whoever did it as a starting point for reconciliation between the two cultures.
Tz'iquin comes forth, confesses Auvaiyar's murder (saying that he ate her heart, as Tohil is known to do), and shoots his uncle in the head with a maser. Kannan goes on a murderous rampage against the Mayans as a full-scale race war erupts. Giraut and Kapilar run back to the Embassy, where the former is ordered to evacuate it immediately. Almost everyone in the embassy is evacuated through springers to Earth, but Ambassador Kiel is captured by Tamils, and Kapilar refuses to go, choosing instead to join the fighting to honor his Vellala heritage.
Giraut, Margaret and Shan watch the civil war unfold from a space station in the Inner Sphere. Mayan forces invade New Tanjavur through Pusiictsom's secret springer, an attack that the Peccaries had been planning for at least a year. Illegal anti-matter weapons are used by both sides, completely destroying both Yaxkintulum and New Tanjavur. The habitable areas of Briand are devastated, and with no springers left intact, the planet becomes isolated from the rest of humanity until a springer ship can arrive in several decades' time.
Giraut finds out from Margaret that she had been having an affair with Kapilar since the mission began, and was ordered to not break it off by his friend and boss Shan, who hoped he could acquire valuable intelligence through Kapilar. The failure of the Office of Special Projects on Briand forces the secretive agency into the limelight, and they brace for public scrutiny and oversight. Giraut opts to take his one-year-long leave on the Hedon culture of Söderblom to try to salvage his marriage and to get away from Shan, but after that one year, he wants back into the Office of Special Projects to continue the important mission of integrating humanity to provide a united front for possible alien contact.
Characters
Giraut Leones - a Nou Occitan trobadour with the official role as a facilitator for artistic exchange, but also on a mission quell Briand's hostile cultures by coordinating power brokers outside the government.
Margaret Leones - Giraut's depressed wife in charge of tourism and keeping track of Tamil opinions.
Ix - Maya prophet, the first to prophesy in New Tanjavur
Kapilar - Tamil personal assistant to Giraut and Margaret
Tz'iquin - The sole representative of the Maya government in New Tanjavur, grandson of Pusiictsom and nephew of Ix
Auvaiyar - A Tamil poetry critic and social climber connected with several important men, both Tamil and Maya
Kannan - Chief editor of Palai magazine, a mouthpiece for the most violently anti-Maya elements in Tamil society
Pusiictsom - Lord and keeper of the Center Temple and daykeeper of Yaxkintulum, the covertly liberal head of the very conservative Peccary family
Ambassador Kiel - a very old official who serves as chief diplomat of the Council of Humanity on Briand.
Sir Qrala - A close friend of Kiel's, serving for Advisor for Ethnography on Briand.
Shan - Head of the Office of Special Projects, the man Giraut and Margaret answer to.
Planets referenced
Briand (orbiting Metallah, home of the Tamil and Mayan cultures in conflict)
Wilson (orbiting Arcturus, home planet of Giraut, close to the Outer Sphere and successfully integrated into Interstellar culture)
Earth (in the Inner Sphere, central planet for humanity, where Giraut and Margaret receive training for their missions)
See also
Interstellar teleporter
Tunnel in the Sky
Gridlinked
Notes and references
External links
1998 American novels
1998 science fiction novels
American science fiction novels
Novels by John Barnes
Tor Books books
Novels about religion
Countess of Exeter is a title normally given to the wife of the Earl of Exeter. Women who have held this title include:
Frances Cecil, Countess of Exeter (died 1663) (; 1580–1663) (2nd wife of 1st Earl)
Frances Cecil, Countess of Exeter (died 1669) (; 1630-1669) (1st wife of the 4th Earl)
Lady Mary Fane (1639–1681) (2nd wife of the 4th Earl)
Anne Cecil, Countess of Exeter (; c.1649–1704) (wife of the 5th Earl)
Sarah Cecil, Countess of Exeter (; 1773-1797) (2nd wife of the 10th Earl)
Elizabeth Hamilton, Duchess of Hamilton (; 1757-1837) (3rd wife of the 10th Earl)
Länsikylä () is a village in the municipality of Pyhtää, Kymenlaakso, Southern Finland province, Finland.
Munasuo national park is located in Länsikylä region. Munasuo has been renowned as a place for birdwatchers to gather, as it houses a variety of rare birds.
Pyhtää
Villages in Finland
The Lost One () is a 1951 West German drama film directed by Peter Lorre and starring Lorre, Karl John and Renate Mannhardt. It is an art film in the film noir style, based on a true story. Lorre wrote, directed, and starred in this film, his only film as director or writer. The film's translated name has been used as the title of his biography.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Franz Schroedter. Some scenes were shot at the Wandsbek Studios in Hamburg, while location shooting took place around the city.
Plot
The story is told through a series of flashbacks. Dr. Rothe (Peter Lorre) is a German scientist doing secret research for the Nazi government during World War II. After he discovers that his fiancée has been selling secrets to the Allies, he murders her. This is covered up by the German government. After the war, Rothe is working under an alias as a doctor for displaced persons. After seeing one of the Nazi officers who helped cover up his crime, Rothe is overcome by guilt about his wartime crimes.
Main cast
Peter Lorre as Dr. Karl Rothe, alias Dr. Karl Neumeister
Karl John as Hösch, alias Nowak
Helmuth Rudolph as Colonel Winkler
Johanna Hofer as Frau Hermann
Renate Mannhardt as Inge Hermann
Eva Ingeborg Scholz as Ursula Weber
Lotte Rausch as Woman on Train
Gisela Trowe as Prostitute
Hansi Wendler as Rothe's Secretary
Kurt Meister as Preefke
Alexander Hunzinger as Drunk
Reception
The film was unsuccessful with most of the German audiences in the 1950s, who tried to forget the Nazi era and preferred Heimatfilme. Der Verlorene has since achieved more recognition.
References
Further reading
Article by Robert Keser
Review in the New York Times
External links
Peter Lorre and "Der Verlorene"
1951 films
1951 drama films
German black-and-white films
Film noir
Films about Nazi Germany
Films directed by Peter Lorre
German drama films
1950s German-language films
West German films
Films shot in Hamburg
Films set in Hamburg
Films set in the 1940s
Films shot at Wandsbek Studios
1950s German films
Elvira Moragas Cantarero, religious name María Sagrario de San Luis Gonzaga, (8 January 1881 – 15 August 1936) was a Spanish nun of the Order of the Discalced Carmelites of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Mount Carmel.
Her initial path was to follow her father in the pharmaceutical business and she excelled in this and having become one of the first women to become a pharmacist. This continued after the death of her father when she assumed control of the business and later stepped aside for her brother to take over when it became clear that she felt inclined to enter the religious life. Her time in the convent saw her assume leadership roles in which she was protective of her fellow nuns with an amiable disposition. But the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War forced her to flee into hiding alongside another nun while refusing her brother's invitation to live with him since she wanted to ensure her fellow religious were kept safe. But she herself was captured and later shot dead in the middle of the night when the militia grew furious with her silence during interrogations.
Her death caused for widespread calls for the beatification process to be introduced and which later opened in 1962 under Pope John XXIII; she became titled as a Servant of God once the cause commenced. Pope John Paul II beatified Moragas in mid-1998 in Saint Peter's Square.
Life
Elvira Moragas Cantarero was born in Lillo in Toledo in 1881 as the third of four children born to Ricardo Moragas and Isabel Cantarero. Her father worked as a pharmacist and took control of the business from his father Severiano Moragas. Her elder sister Sagrario (born in 1879) died in 1890.
The Moragas moved to Madrid in 1886 after King Alfonso XIII appointed her father as a pharmaceutical advisor to the monarch; the Moragas had been in El Prado from 1885 and in Madrid lived at 97 Bravo Murillo Street above their store. It was there that she became intrigued with her father's work and so desired following him in that career path; those around her noted her as being determined to succeed in this goal. Her initial education was at the San Fernando school before going to high school at the Cardinal Cisneros Institute prior to her college studies from 1900 to 1905. In 1887 she received her Confirmation.
Moragas became an excellent student in school and achieved top results while passing her baccalaureate on 29 June 1889. In 1900 she became one of the first women to have entered the pharmaceutical department of the college in Madrid. Moragas obtained her pharmacist's license on 16 June 1905. The death of her father in 1909 saw her assume control of his business so as to support her mother and siblings; her mother died later in 1911. In 1915 her brother Ricardo graduated as a pharmacist and he took over the business so that his sister could follow her call into the religious life. Her spiritual director around this time was José María Rubio Peralta.
On 21 June 1915 she was accepted as a postulant at the Saints Anne and Joseph convent in Madrid. On 21 December 1915 she was vested in the habit and received her religious name. She made her first vows on 24 December 1916, while her solemn profession of her vows was celebrated on 6 January 1920. On 18 April 1927 she was elected as her house's prioress and she held that position until 1930 when she served as mistress of novices until 1936. Moragas was again invested with the position of prioress on 1 July 1936 and would hold the position until her death.
On 20 July 1936 a large mob attacked the convent so she spirited her fellow religious to safe haven while seeking shelter with Sister Teresa María in the home of the latter's parents. It was around this point that her brother asked her to come live with him in a neighbouring village for her to remain safe. But she refused the offer and said that she had to watch over her sisters. But she and her companion were arrested on 14 August. During interrogations she remained silent as her questioners asked where the convent's valuables were being hidden since raids revealed nothing of value. Instead her silence caused great anger to her interrogators who pressed her for information. Her refusal prompted a militiaman to give her a piece of paper in which she wrote: "¡Viva Cristo Rey!" (Long live Christ the King). This infuriated the militiamen who decided to kill her if no information could be obtained from her. Moragas was shot dead at the San Isidro hermitage after being transported there during the late evening on 15 August before midnight.
Beatification
The beatification process was closed in the archdiocesan cathedral on 15 February 1965; the Congregation for the Causes of Saints later validated the process on 14 December 1984. The congregation likewise approved the cause on 21 January 1997. Pope John Paul II confirmed the beatification of María Sagrario de San Luis Gonzaga on 8 March 1997 after confirming that she had died in odium fidei ("in hatred of the faith"). The pope presided over the beatification rites in Saint Peter's Square on 10 May 1998. The current postulator for this cause is the Discalced Carmelite Romano Gambalunga.
Patronage
In 1998 the Archbishop of Madrid Cardinal Antonio María Rouco Varela proposed her as a patron for pharmacists on the occasion of her beatification.
References
External links
Hagiography Circle
Saints SQPN
1881 births
1936 deaths
Martyrs of the Spanish Civil War
20th-century Spanish nuns
20th-century venerated Christians
Beatifications by Pope John Paul II
Complutense University of Madrid alumni
Deaths by firearm in Spain
Discalced Carmelite nuns
People from Toledo, Spain
Spanish beatified people
Spanish pharmacists
Venerated Carmelites
Women pharmacists
Women in the Spanish Civil War
Hugh Forde (born 7 May 1964) is an English professional super feather/light/light welter/welterweight boxer of the 1980s and '90s, who won the inaugural British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) Midlands Area super featherweight title, BBBofC British super featherweight title, and Commonwealth super featherweight title, and was a challenger for the BBBofC British light welterweight title against Ross Hale, his professional fighting weight varied from , i.e. super featherweight to , i.e. welterweight.
References
External links
1964 births
English male boxers
Lightweight boxers
Light-welterweight boxers
Living people
Sportspeople from Birmingham, West Midlands
Super-featherweight boxers
Welterweight boxers
Semblance is a puzzle-platform game developed by Nyamakop, a South African game development studio, and published by Good Shepherd Entertainment. It was released on July 24, 2018 for Microsoft Windows, OS X and Nintendo Switch.
Gameplay
Semblance is a 2D platform game where the player can deform parts of the platforms, which are made out of Play-Doh. Through a disaster, the blob-like creature the player controls the world of hardness that has infected the normally soft world. The deforming terrain enables the player to avoid dangerous obstacles and reach higher places.
Release
The game was released on July 24, 2018.
References
External links
Cooperative video games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Windows games
MacOS games
Indie video games
Nintendo Switch games
Puzzle-platform games
Single-player video games
Video games developed in South Africa
Lynne Whitehead is an English international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
She was born in 1973 and won the bronze medal in the pairs with Amy Gowshall at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester.
In 2007 she won the triples gold medal at the Atlantic Bowls Championships.
She bowls for the Norfolk Bowling Club and has won four English National titles (the 2006 triples and 2006 fours and the junior singles in 1994 & 1998). She subsequently won the 2007 triples and fours at the British Isles Bowls Championships.
References
Living people
1973 births
English female bowls players
Bowls players at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in lawn bowls
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for England
ParkinsonSAT, PSat or Naval Academy OSCAR 84 is a U.S. technology demonstration satellite and an amateur radio satellite for Packet Radio. It was built at the U.S. Naval Academy and was planned as a double satellite (ParkinsonSAT A and B). The name ParkinsonSAT was chosen in honor of Bradford Parkinson, the father of the GPS system. After successful launch, the satellite was assigned the OSCAR number 84.
Mission
The satellite was launched on May 20, 2015, with an Atlas V rocket along with the main payload X-37B OTV-4 and 9 other CubeSat satellites (X-37B OTV-4, GEARRS 2, LightSail A, OptiCube 1, OptiCube 2, OptiCube 3, USS Langley, AeroCube 8A, AeroCube 8B and BRICSat-P) from Cape Canaveral AFS, Florida.
ParkinsonSAT is a student satellite project. It was partly funded by the Aerospace Corporation. It has a transponder for transmitting telemetry from remote measuring points (eg drifting buoys). This telemetry is to be transmitted to a network of ground stations. A second transponder enables multi-user text transmission in PSK31 mode. This transponder was built by the Brno University of Technology.
Originally, the project consisted of 2 identical satellites: PSat-A and PSat-B, 2 identical 1.5U Cubesats, which should be brought together in a 3U starter into space. During the long wait for a launch opportunity in 2014, the construction of the satellite was changed again. The solar cells have been replaced by new, more efficient cells. The other originally named PSat-B CubeSat was rebuilt and started as BRICSat-P.
Frequencies
406 MHz Ocean Data Telemetry Microsat Link (ODTML)
145.825 MHz APRS Uplink and Downlink (1200 Bands AX.25)
435.350 MHz PSK31 Downlink (FM, 300 mW)
28.120 MHz PSK31 Uplink (SSB, 25 W)
See also
OSCAR
References
External links
Psat (ParkinsonSAT) Design Page
ParkinsonSAT. U.S. Naval Academy Satellite Lab
Satellites orbiting Earth
Amateur radio satellites
Spacecraft launched in 2015
CubeSats
Technology demonstration satellites
Caprotti is an Italian surname.
Notable people include:
Arturo Caprotti (1881-1938), Italian architect and engineer who invented the Caprotti valve gear
Bernardo Caprotti (1925-2016), Italian billionaire and owner of Esselunga grocery store chain
Capriotti's, an American restaurant
See also
Carotti, a surname
"Young Hearts Run Free" is a disco song written by David Crawford and originally recorded by American soul singer Candi Staton in 1976. In 1996, it was covered by American house music singer Kym Mazelle for the triple-platinum selling soundtrack of Romeo + Juliet.
Candi Staton version
"Young Hearts Run Free" is a disco pop-funk track written and produced by David Crawford. According to Staton, the song's genesis was a conversation she had with Crawford over lunch in Los Angeles: Staton – "Dave Crawford was always asking me: 'What's happening in your life'...and I was [then] with someone I shouldn't have been with and it was hard getting out of that...very abusive relationship" "I [noticed] that [Crawford] was taking notes, and he said, 'You know, I'm gonna write you a song. I'm gonna write you a song that's gonna last forever'".
Released in 1976 from the album of the same title, it spent a week at number one on the Hot Soul Singles chart. It also peaked at number twenty on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart. Along with the tracks "Run to Me" and "Destiny", "Young Hearts Run Free" went to number eight on the dance/disco charts. "Young Hearts Run Free" was one of only two songs by Staton to reach the top 10 on the UK Singles Chart, it peaked at number two behind The Real Thing's "You to Me Are Everything". The 1976 single releases had "I Know" on the B-side.
The song is referenced in Staton's 1978 single "Victim" in the lyrics, "I became a victim of the very song I sing,
I told you 'young hearts run free'. When I didn't listen to myself . . ."
In 1999, Candi Staton recorded a new dance version of "Young Hearts Run Free". It peaked at #29 in the UK.
It was used in the 2009 video game Grand Theft Auto: The Ballad of Gay Tony on the in-game radio station K109 The Studio.
In the 2018 documentary Studio 54, "Young Hearts Run Free" plays during the closing credits.
Charts
Certifications
Kym Mazelle version
"Young Hearts Run Free" was covered by American house music singer Kym Mazelle and released in 1996 as the second single for the triple-platinum selling soundtrack of Romeo + Juliet by Capitol Records. On August 15, 1997, Mazelle performed the song on the UK's Top of the Pops. The single has since become one of Mazelle's signature hits. In 1998, the song was included on the director's remix album Something for Everybody. In December 2005, Mazelle performed a short version of the song during her guest appearance as a contestant on The Weakest Link during the "Rock and Pop Special".
Critical reception
A reviewer from Music Week rated the song three out of five, noting that here, "Nellee Hooper is at the controls for Mazelle's pumped up version of the soul classic, lifted from the Romeo & Juliet soundtrack." Alan Jackson from The Times commented, "And yet another, with Candi Staton's glorious original subjected to house frenzy." In 2012, Australian music channel Max placed Mazelle's version of "Young Hearts Run Free" at number 552 in their list of 1000 Greatest Songs of All Time in 2012.
Music video
The music video features Mazelle in a sleeveless dress wearing gold jewelry as well as a burgundy dress in other scenes. The video was filmed in late 1996. Several scenes and footage from the Romeo + Juliet film appear in the video. The video also features a drag queen (Harold Perrineau as Mercutio), in a white outfit wearing a platinum blonde afro wig, miming to Mazelle's voice.
Track listing
Maxi-single
"Young Hearts Run Free" (Album Version) – 3:59
"Young Hearts Run Free" (Kiss My Brass – Main Vox Edit) – 3:45
"Young Hearts Run Free" (Young Hearts Dub Free - Underground Dub) – 6:10
"Young Hearts Run Free" (Kiss My Brass Main Vox) – 8:10
Charts
Certifications
References
External links
[ Song review]
1976 singles
1986 singles
1981 singles
1997 singles
1999 singles
Disco songs
1976 songs
Warner Records singles
Songs written by Dave Crawford (musician)
The 1986 Sun Bowl featured the Alabama Crimson Tide of the Southeastern Conference (SEC) and the Washington Huskies of the Pacific-10 Conference. In Ray Perkins's final game as Alabama head coach, the Crimson Tide defeated the Huskies
This was the first edition of the Sun Bowl that carried corporate sponsorship, as John Hancock Financial entered a three-year, $1.5 million partnership. The Fiesta Bowl had done so approximately a year earlier, entering a sponsorship agreement in September 1985 and playing its January 1986 edition as the Sunkist Fiesta Bowl.
Teams
Alabama
Alabama opened the season with seven wins, then lost three of its final five regular season games to finish with a 9–3 record. Following their loss to Auburn in the Iron Bowl, university officials announced they accepted an invitation to play in the Sun Bowl. The appearance marked the second for Alabama in the Sun Bowl, and their 39th bowl game.
The Tide was favored by
Washington
Washington finished the regular season with an 8–2–1 record. Tied for second place in the Pac-10, the Huskies lost to USC and Arizona State, and tied UCLA. Following their victory over Washington State in the Apple Cup, university officials announced they accepted an invitation to play in the Sun Bowl. It was Washington's second appearance in the Sun Bowl, and their 17th bowl game.
Game summary
After a scoreless first quarter, Alabama scored first on a 64-yard Bobby Humphrey touchdown run. Washington responded with a pair of Jeff Jaeger field goals to cut the lead to
With a pair of touchdowns in the third quarter, Alabama extended their lead to . Mike Shula was responsible for both touchdowns with the first coming on a 32-yard pass to Greg Richardson and the second on a 17-yard pass to Bobby Humphrey. Humphrey then scored the final points of the game midway through the fourth on a three-yard run to cap a 16-play,
Aftermath
According to then Washington defensive coordinator Jim Lambright, this game highlighted the need for Washington to begin to recruit speed more seriously. Lambright would later be quoted as saying, "[i]t was after our bowl game against Alabama in the Sun Bowl [that we started recruiting speed specifically] .... [W]hen we broke down the film, there was no way that our personnel matched their personnel as far as speed. So we went out after that to specifically recruit faster people .... We weren't selective enough up to that point with speed."
Five years later in the 1991 season, Washington went undefeated and won the national championship.
References
Sun Bowl
Sun Bowl
Alabama Crimson Tide football bowl games
Washington Huskies football bowl games
December 1986 sports events in the United States
1986 in sports in Texas
The Hamilton Harlequins are a New Zealand rugby union team. Membership of the club is restricted to ek-Waikato (County) representatives, All Blacks or members of the New Zealand Services team, and certain invited players. The club is an invitation XV more akin to the famous Barbarian FC than to a normal rugby club with weekly fixtures in a competitive league structure; the aims of the club are:
To renew and maintain old friendships of playing days,
To engage in football free from competition, for the joy of it,
To invite promising juniors to play for the club and teach such youngsters the spirit of the game,
To play friendly games with similar clubs when such can be conveniently arranged.
History
Following visits to England by the All Blacks, some players decided to form a club based on similar lines to famous clubs in England. As a result, the New Zealand Barbarians was formed in Auckland and the Hamilton Harlequins in Waikato.
It was decided to ask the London Harlequins for approval for the club to be called the Harlequin FC and to use the same colours. This permission was granted and the club played its first match in Tauranga in 1939, but before the club could establish itself the Second World War intervened. The club was revived after the war in 1946.
Many All Blacks have played in the New Zealand Harlequin's jersey over the years and, since the inclusion of the under 17 development programmes in 1992, the club has given a clear development pathway for young up and coming Waikato rugby players. Annual matches with NZ Area Schools and the NZ Vikings Club from Northland have become regular features. A NZ Harlequin camp, backed by the NZ Rugby Foundation and supported by the Waikato Rugby Union for approx 40-45 players, is staged at St Paul's Collegiate School annually.
New Zealand rugby union teams
Sport in Hamilton, New Zealand
Rugby clubs established in 1938
1938 establishments in New Zealand
Krishnapuram is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in the Kerala state of India. Krishnapuram is Ward 19 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation.
See also
Thrissur
Thrissur District
List of Thrissur Corporation wards
References
Suburbs of Thrissur city
Steuben Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Herkimer in Herkimer County, northwest of Herkimer.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Portrait of Jerónimo de Cevallos is a 1609-1613 work by El Greco, from late in his Toledo period. It originally hung in the Quinta del Duque del Arco in the Royal Palace of El Pardo in Madrid but now in the Museo del Prado.
It shows Jerónimo de Cevallos, a distinguished jurist of natural law at Escalona but also frequently in Toledo on business as a secretary and councillor for that city. Several sources note that he was the patron and protector of the painter's son Jorge Manuel. The neutral background is influenced by Titian and the Venetian School.
Bibliography
ÁLVAREZ LOPERA, José, El Greco, Madrid, Arlanza, 2005, Biblioteca «Descubrir el Arte», (colección «Grandes maestros»).
SCHOLZ-HÄNSEL, Michael, El Greco, Colonia, Taschen, 2003.
External links
ArteHistoria.com. «Jerónimo Cevallos». [Consulta: 09.01.2011].
References
Paintings by El Greco in the Museo del Prado
Cevallos, Jeronimo
1610s paintings
1600s paintings
Cevallos, Jeronimo
Cevallos, Jeronimo
Bas Yun Hi () is a 2003 Indian Hindi-language romantic comedy film directed by Raja Menon. The film stars Purab Kohli, of Channel V fame, and Nandita Das.
Cast
Purab Kohli as Aditya
Nandita Das as Veda
Rajiv Gopalakrishnan as Rohan
Sameer Malhotra as Kabir
Sandhya Shetty as Saraswathy alias Sara
Tannishtha Chatterjee as Sona
Parmita Katkar as Tara
Release
Rediff wrote that "Though shorter in length than a commercial movie, it still drags. The filmmakers may have tried to portray a slice of urban life. They probably did not realise it would take more than just a prank to show its true colours". Bollywood hungama gave the film a rating of one out of five stars and wrote that "On the whole, BAS YUN HI neither entertains, nor enlightens. It may appeal to a very, very small segment of cinegoers ï¿½ the college crowd only ï¿½ but even they won't come out feeling satiated. Poor".
Soundtrack
Bas Yun Hi - Mehnaaz
Ek Ajnabi Haseena Se - KK
Kaise Kahoon Kya Ho Gaya - Shaan, Vivenne Pocha
Jao Na Yun Chodkar - KK
Ittefaq - Mehnaaz
Ye Kaisa Ehsaas Hai - KK, Mahalaxmi Iyer
Mix Yun Hi - Abhay Rumde
References
External links
Indian romantic comedy films
2003 romantic comedy films
2003 films
2000s Tamil-language films
An eyespot (sometimes ocellus) is an eye-like marking. They are found in butterflies, reptiles, cats, birds and fish.
Eyespots could be explained in at least three different ways. They may be a form of mimicry in which a spot on the body of an animal resembles an eye of a different animal, to deceive potential predator or prey species. They may be a form of self-mimicry, to draw a predator's attention away from the prey's most vulnerable body parts. Or they may serve to make the prey appear inedible or dangerous. Eyespot markings may play a role in intraspecies communication or courtship; the best-known example is probably the eyespots on a peacock's display feathers.
The pattern-forming biological process (morphogenesis) of eyespots in a wide variety of animals is controlled by a small number of genes active in embryonic development, including the genes called Engrailed, Distal-less, Hedgehog, Antennapedia, and the Notch signaling pathway.
Artificial eyespots have been shown to reduce predation of cattle by lions.
Zoological distribution
In butterflies and moths
The eye-like markings in some butterflies and moths and certain other insects, as well as birds like the sunbittern, serve functions in addition to mimicry; indeed, it is unclear whether they actually mimic eyes. There is evidence that eyespots in butterflies are antipredator adaptations, either in deimatic displays to intimidate predators, or to deflect attacks away from vital body parts. In species such as Hipparchia semele, the conspicuous eyespots are hidden at rest to decrease detectability, and only exposed when they believe potential predators are nearby. Butterfly eyespots can mimic dead leaves for camouflage from predators, as seen in Bicyclus anynana; this is a response to a seasonal fall in temperature, causing a shift in selection towards smaller, less conspicuous eyespots among those individuals developing at that time. Butterfly eyespots may play a role in mate recognition and sexual selection. Sexual selection drives the diversification of eyespots in different species of butterflies, as mates select for characteristics like size and brightness.
Some species of caterpillar, such as those of hawkmoths (Sphingidae), have eyespots on their anterior abdominal segments. When alarmed, they retract the head and the thoracic segments into the body, leaving the apparently threatening large eyes at the front of the visible part of the body.
Butterflies such as the blues (Lycaenidae) have filamentous "tails" at the ends of their wings and nearby patterns of markings, which combine to create a "false head". This automimicry misdirects predators such as birds and jumping spiders (Salticidae). Spectacular examples occur in the hairstreak butterflies; they commonly perch upside down with the false head raised and shift their rear wings repeatedly, causing antenna-like movements of the "tails" on their wings. Studies of rear-wing damage support the hypothesis that this deflects attacks from the insect's head.
In reptiles and mammals
Some reptiles, such as the sand lizard of Europe, have eyespots; in the sand lizard's case, there is a row of spots along the back, and a row on each side.
Many species of cat, including Geoffroy's cats, jungle cats, pampas cats, and servals, have white markings, whether spots or bars, on the backs of their ears; it is possible that these signal "follow me" to the young of the species. There may be an evolutionary trade-off in this case between nocturnal camouflage and intraspecific signalling.
In birds
Male birds of some species, such as the peacock, have conspicuous eyespots in their plumage, used to signal their quality to sexually selecting females. The number of eyespots in a peacock's train predicts his mating success; when a peacock's train is experimentally pruned, females lose interest. Several species of pygmy owl bear false eyes on the back of the head, misleading predators into reacting as though they were the subject of an aggressive stare.
In fish
Some fish have eyespots. The foureye butterflyfish gets its name from a large and conspicuous eyespot on each side of the body near the tail. A black vertical bar on the head runs through the true eye, making it hard to see. This may deceive predators in two ways: into attacking the tail rather than the more vulnerable head, and about the fish's likely direction of travel. The foureye butterflyfish eyespot is thus an example of self-mimicry. For the same reason, many juvenile fish display eyespots that disappear during their adult phase. Some species of fish, like the spotted mandarin fish and spotted ray, maintain their eyespots throughout their adult lives. These eyespots can take a form very similar to those seen in most butterflies, with a focus surrounded by concentric rings of other pigmentation.
Morphogenesis
Butterfly eyespots are formed during embryogenesis as a result of a morphogenetic signalling centre or organizer, called the focus. This induces neighbouring cells to produce specific pigments which pattern the eyespot.
Early experiments on eyespot morphogenesis used cautery on the butterfly wing eyespot foci to demonstrate that a long range signaling mechanism or morphogen gradient controlled the formation of eyespots in both space and time. The findings cannot be explained by a simple source/diffusion model, but could be explained by either a source/threshold model, in which the focus creates the morphogen, or by the sink model, in which the focus generates a gradient by removing a morphogen which was created elsewhere. Several genes involved in eyespot formation have been identified that can fit into these models, but only two of them have been functionally tested. These genes are the transcription factor Distalless (Dll) and the ligand (a signalling substance that binds a cell surface receptor) Hedgehog (Hh).
Butterfly eyespot morphology appears to be the result of the evolution of an altered version of the regulatory circuit which patterns the wings of other insects. This rogue regulatory circuit is able to pattern both the anterior and posterior eyespots independent of the usual anterior/posterior wing compartmentalization restrictions seen in the fruit fly Drosophila. The altered regulatory circuit redeploys early developmental signaling sources, like the canonical hedgehog (Hh) pathway, Distal-less (Dll), and engrailed (En), breaking the anterior/posterior compartmentalization restrictions through increased localized levels of Hh signaling. In turn, this raises expression of its receptor Patched (Ptc) and transcription factor. Normally, in Drosophila, engrailed acts in the posterior compartment to restrict Ptc and Cubitus interruptus (Ci) expression to the anterior compartment by repressing transcription of Ci, thereby preventing Ptc expression. From the perspective of evolutionary developmental biology, understanding the redeployment and plasticity of existing regulatory mechanisms in butterfly eyespot locus development has given more insight into a fundamental mechanism for the evolution of novel structures.
Distal-less
The Distal-less gene is present in almost all eyespot organizers, making it an ideal candidate to carry out major functions of eyespot formation. During the wing imaginal disc development Dll, has two expression domains separated by a temporal component. First Dll is expressed in a group of cells in the center of what will become the focus and eventually the eyespot. This expression starts during the middle of the fifth instar larva and lasts until the pupal stage. The second domain starts around 20 hours after pupation around the original central cluster of cells, in an area in which a black ring of the eyespot will be formed. Functional experiments using transgenic Bicyclus anynana (the squinting bush brown butterfly) have shown that overexpression or down-regulation of Dll in the first expression domain correlates with bigger and smaller eyespots respectively. However, if this is done on the second domain then the overall size of the eyespots remains the same, but the width of the black ring raises with a higher amount of Dll. This suggests that Dll might be responsible for the differentiation of the focus in the first expression domain and might be involved in establishing the ring colour patterns in the second domain. These experiments together with the wide distribution of Dll across eyespot forming butterflies suggest that this transcription factor is a central regulator for the correct patterning of the eyespots.
Hedgehog
The Hedgehog (Hh) gene is the other element that has been functionally tested in the formation of eyespots. Investigating genes involved in wing development and morphogenetic activity has led to the discovery that Hh has a primary role in the morphogenetic signaling center of the foci. In a manner that is similar to the development of Drosophila fruit flies, Hh is expressed in all cells in the posterior compartment of the developing butterfly wing during the mid fifth instar of butterfly wing development. However, in butterflies, Hh expression is significantly higher in those cells that flank the potential foci. Higher transcription levels of Hh, along with other known associates of the Hh pathway, namely patched (Ptc) the Hh receptor, and cubitus interruptus (Ci), the Hh transcription factor is seen throughout the mid to late fifth instar as well, which further implies a role for Hh signaling in eyespot development and patterning.
Furthermore, cells that are flanked by the cells expressing the highest level of Hh signaling are fated to become the foci, indicating that focus cell fate determination relies on high concentrations of Hh in surrounding cells. However, this observation has not been totally confirmed as a rule for multiple butterfly species. Studies tried to extrapolate the result of Hh pathway involvement by looking for the expression of Ci in Bicyclus anynana. Here they observed that both seem to be expressed in eyespots, suggesting a relation with the Hh signaling pathway. However, other studies did not find evidence of Hh expression in B. anynana.
Notch
The Notch (N) gene expression precedes an upregulation of Dll in the cells that will become the center of the focus. This makes N the earliest developmental signal, so far studied, that is related with the establishment of the eyespots. Loss of N completely disrupts Dll expression, and eventually eyespot formation, in several butterfly species. A variety of other wing patterns are determined by N and Dll patterns of expression in early development of the wing imaginal disc, suggesting that a single mechanism patterns multiple coloration structures of the wing.
Evolution
Butterfly eyespots are formed by an interplay of at least 3 genes, namely Distal-less (Dll), spalt (sal), and Antennapedia (Antp), hence their evolution has been shaped by differential expression of these genes in different butterfly taxa, as shown in Bicyclus anynana.
Artificial eyespots
Eyespots painted on the rumps of cows have been shown to reduce cattle predation in Africa. The study authors, Cameron Radford and colleagues, note that in the Sundarbans, forest users wear face masks with eye markings on the backs of their heads in the hope of reducing tiger attacks. In the study on 2061 cattle in 14 herds over 4 years, 683 were given eye markings, 543 were painted with crosses, and 835 were unpainted. None of the eyed cattle were predated, but 4 cross-marked and 15 unmarked cattle were killed, one by a leopard, the rest by lions. Both the eyespots and the cross markings provided statistically significant protection. The cattle were always in mixed groups of marked and unmarked animals; it is not known whether marking all animals in a herd would provide effective protection.
See also
Animal coloration
Nazar (amulet)
Patterns in nature
References
Animal anatomy
Antipredator adaptations
Mimicry
Stormy Trails is a 1936 American Western film directed by Sam Newfield and written by Phil Dunham. It is based on the 1934 novel Stampede by E.B. Mann. The film stars Rex Bell, Bob Terry, Lois Wilde, Lane Chandler, Earl Dwire and Lloyd Ingraham. The film was released on December 23, 1936, by Colony Pictures.
Plot
Cast
Rex Bell as Tom Storm
Bob Terry as Billy Storm
Lois Wilde as Connie Curlew
Lane Chandler as Dunn
Earl Dwire as Steve Varick
Lloyd Ingraham as Curlew
Karl Hackett as Max Durante
Earle Ross as T.J. Thurman
Murdock MacQuarrie as Sheriff
Jimmy Aubrey as Shives
Roger Williams as Mike Daniels
References
External links
1936 films
American Western (genre) films
1936 Western (genre) films
Films directed by Sam Newfield
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Switching circuit theory is the mathematical study of the properties of networks of idealized switches. Such networks may be strictly combinational logic, in which their output state is only a function of the present state of their inputs; or may also contain sequential elements, where the present state depends on the present state and past states; in that sense, sequential circuits are said to include "memory" of past states. An important class of sequential circuits are state machines. Switching circuit theory is applicable to the design of telephone systems, computers, and similar systems. Switching circuit theory provided the mathematical foundations and tools for digital system design in almost all areas of modern technology.
In an 1886 letter, Charles Sanders Peirce described how logical operations could be carried out by electrical switching circuits. During 1880–1881 he showed that NOR gates alone (or alternatively NAND gates alone) can be used to reproduce the functions of all the other logic gates, but this work remained unpublished until 1933. The first published proof was by Henry M. Sheffer in 1913, so the NAND logical operation is sometimes called Sheffer stroke; the logical NOR is sometimes called Peirce's arrow. Consequently, these gates are sometimes called universal logic gates.
In 1898, Martin Boda described a switching theory for signalling block systems.
Eventually, vacuum tubes replaced relays for logic operations. Lee De Forest's modification, in 1907, of the Fleming valve can be used as a logic gate. Ludwig Wittgenstein introduced a version of the 16-row truth table as proposition 5.101 of Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus (1921). Walther Bothe, inventor of the coincidence circuit, got part of the 1954 Nobel Prize in physics, for the first modern electronic AND gate in 1924. Konrad Zuse designed and built electromechanical logic gates for his computer Z1 (from 1935 to 1938).
From 1934 to 1936, NEC engineer Akira Nakashima, Claude Shannon and Victor Shestakov published a series of papers showing that the two-valued Boolean algebra, which they discovered independently, can describe the operation of switching circuits.
Ideal switches are considered as having only two exclusive states, for example, open or closed. In some analysis, the state of a switch can be considered to have no influence on the output of the system and is designated as a "don't care" state. In complex networks it is necessary to also account for the finite switching time of physical switches; where two or more different paths in a network may affect the output, these delays may result in a "logic hazard" or "race condition" where the output state changes due to the different propagation times through the network.
See also
Boolean circuit
C-element
Circuit complexity
Circuit minimization
Circuit switching
Karnaugh map
Logic design
Logic gate
Logic in computer science
Nonblocking minimal spanning switch
Programmable logic controller – computer software mimics relay circuits for industrial applications
Quine–McCluskey algorithm
Relay – an early kind of logic device
Switching lemma
Unate function
References
Further reading
(2+xx+556+2 pages)
(xviii+686 pages)
(188 pages)
(4+60 pages)
Circuit complexity
Digital circuits
Digital electronics
The compact weaver (Ploceus superciliosus) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
It is found in Angola, Benin, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Ethiopia, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Kenya, Liberia, Nigeria, Rwanda, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Sudan, Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, and Zambia.
Some authorities, including Sibley & Monroe, and James Clements, place this species in the monotypic genus Pachyphantes. The construction of the nest of the compact weaver suggests an affinity with the thick-billed weaver Amblyospiza, which could put it in the subfamily Amblyospizinae.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland.
References
External links
Compact weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
compact weaver
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
compact weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
MacUser was a monthly computer magazine published by Ziff Davis in the United States, while the UK edition was published by Dennis Publishing.
History and profile
MacUser started publication in late 1985 as a four-color monthly and contained general interest Mac articles. In 1986 the magazine was acquired by Ziff Davis. It had reviews and regular columns for novice and experienced users with a more humorous view of the Macintosh world than other publications of the time. Games were reviewed and well as business and productivity software. A unique feature, not available in other publications, was the inclusion of about 250 capsule reviews in each edition.
The initial cover price was $3.50 with an annual subscription of $23 per year or $42 for two-years.
In 1997, the publication was absorbed into Macworld as Macworld, incorporating MacUser (a name reflected subtly on the magazine's Table of Contents page) reflecting a consolidation of the Ziff Davis-owned MacUser magazine into the International Data Group-owned Macworld within the new Mac Publishing joint venture between the two publishers.
See also
MacUser
References
Monthly magazines published in the United States
Defunct computer magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1985
Magazines disestablished in 1997
Macintosh magazines
1985 establishments in the United States
Westwood is a historic home located at 3425 Kingston Pike at the edge of the Sequoyah Hills area of Knoxville, Tennessee. Also known as the Adelia Armstrong Lutz House, the house was built in 1890 by John Lutz and his wife, artist Adelia Armstrong Lutz, on land given to them by Adelia's father, Robert H. Armstrong. In 1984, the house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places for its architecture.
The house stands on land that was once part of the large estate established by early Knoxville resident Drury P. Armstrong (1799–1856). Armstrong built Crescent Bend, which still stands nearby, in 1834. Robert H. Armstrong, a son of Drury, inherited a portion of his father's estate. The Bleak House, built in 1858, also still stands a few blocks from Westwood on Kingston Pike.
Westwood was designed in the Queen Anne style by the local architectural firm of Baumann Brothers. Unlike most Queen Anne houses extant in Knoxville, the house was executed in brick and stone, incorporating some Richardsonian Romanesque elements. The , 10-bedroom house has 10 fireplaces with custom mantels and decorative tiles. The front parlor features a hand-painted ceiling.
Adelia Armstrong Lutz was an accomplished painter who had studied at the Corcoran in Washington, D.C., the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts, and in Europe. She maintained an art studio in the house, in an unusual long room on the eastern side of the house that has a high ceiling, tall louvered windows, and skylights. Its hardwood floors are laid with alternating types of wood, creating a striped effect, and the walls are painted red.
Westwood remained in the Lutz family until 2009, when the Lutzes' granddaughter died. In 2012, the house was purchased by the Aslan Foundation, which planned to restore the house and transfer it to the local historic preservation organization, Knox Heritage, for its offices. Restoration plans included removing a garage and a recreation room that was added in the 20th century, repainting in the style of the period, and updating the plumbing, HVAC, and electrical systems.
References
External links
What's Behind Those Serpentine Walls? Historic Westwood, Inside of Knoxville, April 2013
Further reading
Knoxville: Fifty Landmarks. (Knoxville: The Knoxville Heritage Committee of the Junior League of Knoxville, 1976), page 23.
Houses in Knoxville, Tennessee
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Houses completed in 1890
National Register of Historic Places in Knoxville, Tennessee
The Rose of Stamboul (original German: Die Rose von Stambul) is a 1916 operetta in three acts by Austrian composer Leo Fall with a libretto by Julius Brammer and Alfred Grünwald. The work premiered on 2 December 1916 at the Theater an der Vienna in Vienna.
The story centers around Achmed Bey, a young Turkish man who wishes to reform Turkish society. Not wanting to embarrass his politician father, Bey publishes his reform plans in French under the pseudonym "André Léry". The book becomes a bestseller among Turkish women. Later, a marriage is arranged between Achmed Bey and Kondja Gül. On their wedding night, however, Gül confesses to her husband that she can never love him, as she has fallen in love with the author André Léry.
The 1919 silent film The Rose of Stamboul by German filmmakers Felix Basch and Arthur Wellin was based on the operetta. In 1953 the operetta was adapted into a musical film, also called The Rose of Stamboul, by West German filmmaker Karl Anton.
References
External links
Operas by Leo Fall
German-language operettas
1916 operas
Operas
Terry Swartzberg (born July 22, 1953 in Norwalk, Connecticut) is an American public affairs campaigner and journalist. He is based in Munich, Germany and contributed for 25 years to the International Herald Tribune and other international publications. He is especially known for his work for the holocaust memorial project Stolpersteine and for his "reality check" - since 2012 he has been wearing a kippah in public.
Life
Swartzberg grew up in New York City prior to moving with his family to Bihar, India, where his father, a cultural anthropologist, researched village life on a long-term basis. While in India, he attended a Jesuit boarding school. After studying at Brandeis University and in Paris for a semester in 1973, he transferred to the University of Wisconsin–Madison, where he earned a B.A. in 1976 in Asian Urban Studies. In 1976, he became an investigative journalist in Hong Kong. In 1980, he arrived in Berlin, where he launched his long-term relationship with the International Herald Tribune. In 1985, he moved to Munich, where he has lived since.
Since 1999, Swartzberg has been managing director of Swartzberg GmbH. This PA agency stages campaigns and provides content for a range of corporations and public sector institutions(including the United Nations and the European Union). The agency's clients include the Municipality of Munich and the Government of the State of Bavaria.
Swartzberg's pro bono portfolio of activities comprises his work for Munich's Reformed Jewish congregation Beth Shalom. He headed the project striving to build a synagogue according to plans compiled by Daniel Libeskind. He now handled public relations for the project. He was voted in 2011 chairperson of Munich's chapter of the Stolpersteine movement. Since then, he has led the campaign to lift Munich's ban on these sidewalk-level plaques, which commemorate victims of the Nazis. Munich is one of the very few cities in Europe to prohibit this form of commemoration.
Swartzberg's play Tzaddhik is based upon the Torah's principle of each generation's having 36 righteous. It examines humanity's self-inciting urge to commit violence. The play's tour in 2012 included performances in Augsburg, Stuttgart, Nuremberg, Munich and Hamburg. In the same year, Swartzberg and Jim Booras published the satirical self-help manual How to enjoy bad relationships.
On December 1, 2012, Swartzberg embarked upon his experiment of wearing a kippah outside of his home and of the Jewish community. His objectives are to counter antisemitism and to ascertain how Germany's society really feels about Jews. Disproving predictions to the contrary, all of his experiences have been positive. His "civil courage" led to one of his kippot being selected for inclusion in the collection of the Museum of the History of the Federal Republic of Germany in Bonn.
References
External links
Website of Swartzberg GmbH
Website of Stolpersteine Munich
Living people
Brandeis University alumni
University of Paris alumni
American male journalists
Stolpersteine
Holocaust commemoration
American expatriates in Germany
People from Norwalk, Connecticut
1953 births
2010 Winter Olympics marketing has been a long running campaign that began since Vancouver won its bid to host the games in 2003.
Symbols
Emblem
The 2010 Winter Olympics logo was unveiled on April 23, 2005, and is named Ilanaaq the Inunnguaq. Ilanaaq is the Inuktitut word for friend. The logo was based on the Inukshuk (stone landmark or cairn) built by Alvin Kanak for the Northwest Territories Pavilion at Expo 86 and donated to the City of Vancouver after the event. It is now used as a landmark on English Bay Beach.
Slogan
The slogan for the 2010 Olympics was "With glowing hearts" (). The slogan is a reference to Canada's national anthem, O Canada.
Look of the Games
Leo Obstbaum (1969–2009), the late director of design for the 2010 Winter Olympics, oversaw and designed many of the main symbols of the Games, including the mascots, medals and the design of the Olympic torches.
Mascots
The mascots for the 2010 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games were designed by Vicki Wong and Michael C. Murphy of Meomi Design and introduced on November 27, 2007. Inspired by traditional First Nations creatures, the mascots include:
Miga — A mythical sea bear, part orca and part Kermode bear.
Quatchi — A sasquatch, who wears winter boots and blue earmuffs.
Sumi — An animal guardian spirit who wears the hat of an orca whale, flies with the wings of the mighty Thunderbird and runs on the strong furry legs of a black bear.
Mukmuk — A Vancouver Island marmot.
Coins
The Royal Canadian Mint produced a series of commemorative coins celebrating the 2010 Games, and in partnership with CTV allowed users to vote on the Top 10 Canadian Olympic Winter Moments; where designs honouring the top three were added to the series of coins.
Multimedia
DVD set
An international release of a DVD set of the Olympics was released on 15 June 2010 in English and French.
Albums
Three albums, Canada's Hockey Anthems: Sounds of the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympic Games, Sounds of Vancouver 2010: Opening Ceremony Commemorative Album, and Sounds of Vancouver 2010: Closing Ceremony Commemorative Album, composed, arranged and produced by Dave Pierce, were released to accompany the Games. Pierce's Music Direction for the Opening and Closing Ceremonies led him to win the Primetime Emmy Award for "Outstanding Music Direction" in 2010.
Songs
Theme song
The official song for the games was "I Believe". The song was sung by Nikki Yanofsky representing Anglophone Canada and Annie Villeneuve represented Francophone Canada.
Video games
Two official video games have been released to commemorate the Games: Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Winter Games was released for Wii and Nintendo DS in October 2009, while Vancouver 2010 was released in January 2010 for Xbox 360, Windows and PlayStation 3.
Stamps
Canada Post released many stamps to commemorate the Vancouver Games including, one for each of the mascots and one to celebrate the first Gold won in Canada. Many countries' postal services have also released stamps, such as the US, Germany, Australia (who present medallists with a copy of the stamps depicting their image), Austria, Belarus, Croatia, Czech Republic, Estonia, France, Italy, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Poland, Switzerland, Turkey and Ukraine.
Corporate sponsorship and advertising
Sponsors
Worldwide Olympic Partners
National Partners
Official Supporters
Official Suppliers
National Media Suppliers
See also
2014 Winter Olympics marketing
2018 Winter Olympics marketing
References
Further reading
Marketing
Olympic marketing
The 1971 Christchurch mayoral election was part of the New Zealand local elections held that same year. In 1971, elections were held for the Mayor of Christchurch plus other local government positions. The polling was conducted using the standard first-past-the-post electoral method. The incumbent, Ron Guthrey of the Citizens' ticket, was defeated by the Labour Party candidate Neville Pickering.
Background
There were two hotly-discussed issues leading up to the 1971 election: a proposal by the mayor to build a road through North Hagley Park, and the venue choice for the 1974 British Commonwealth Games. Senior councillor Peter Skellerup of the Citizens' ticket criticised the incumbent mayor, Ron Guthrey (also of the Citizens' ticket) on the road proposal. According to Hamish Hay, a later mayor, the road proposal was Guthrey's undoing, and he was defeated by Labour councillor Neville Pickering. It was the first occasion in 46 years that a sitting mayor had been defeated. Labour won a majority on the city council as well, winning control of the council for the first time since 1956, resulting in the composition of the council at eleven seats to eight in favour of the Labour Party. The highest-polling councillor, by a margin of 2500 votes, was Skellerup, though.
Mayoralty results
The following table gives the election results:
This is the first time that Tubby Hansen stood for the Christchurch mayoralty. As of 2022, he has stood in every local election for the mayoralty since.
Councillor results
Aftermath
A local government commission recommended that Christchurch amalgamate with some of the small surrounding local authorities and the area be divided into wards for electoral purposes, with the mayor then the only position elected at large. Pickering promised during the election campaign that wards would be introduced for the 1974 local elections. The Citizens' ticket was also in favour of introducing wards but tied this to amalgamation going ahead. Amalgamation did not proceed but the Labour-led council introduced five wards in time for the 1974 local elections.
References
Mayoral elections in Christchurch
1971 elections in New Zealand
Politics of Christchurch
October 1971 events in New Zealand
1970s in Christchurch
Daniel Harnsberger (born July 10, 1980) is an American professional wrestler best known by the ring name Daniel Richards. He gained mainstream notice by using a gimmick called the "Progressive Liberal", under which he performs as a heel in conservative and a face in more liberal areas.
Early life
Raised in the Richmond suburb of Midlothian, Virginia, the young Harnsberger was described by his mother in a 2017 interview as a child who "always demanded our attention" and someone who "never quit." He began following wrestling after watching a tape of WrestleMania III and later seeing a WWF house show in Richmond. Harnsberger played basketball in high school, and after graduating from Concord University in southern West Virginia in 2003, started training in wrestling. During his training, he supported himself as a reporter with the Daily Telegraph of Bluefield, West Virginia, but left the newspaper at about the time he made his wrestling debut for an independent promotion run by Beau James, who went on to establish AMW and serves as a mentor to Harnsberger to this day. James gave Harnsberger his ring name of Daniel Richards. He continued to work odd jobs to help make ends meet during his early years in the business. While he tried several gimmicks, he was unable to develop a memorable character; he moved back to the Richmond area in 2005, and left wrestling in 2009. For the next five years, he worked many jobs and frequently traveled abroad.
Character
In a 2017 interview, Harnsberger recalled that he began to turn toward the political left during a 2011 trip to Cambodia, with the main catalyst being reports by Al Jazeera and the BBC
on the debt-ceiling fight between Barack Obama and Congress. He would return to wrestling in 2014 when a longtime acquaintance on the independent circuit needed a wrestler on short notice. Harnsberger devised the "Progressive Liberal" gimmick while on the road in his then job as a courier. He debuted the character during a 2015 show in Sabine, West Virginia, and began billing himself as such in 2016. After Hillary Clinton was defeated by Donald Trump in the 2016 election, Harnsberger was concerned that her loss would force him to come up with a new gimmick, but he found that Trump's win emboldened conservative fans; he would say in the aforementioned interview, "Now, they have something to laugh at me about."
Championships and accomplishments
Southern States Wrestling
SSW Heavyweight Championship (1 time, current)
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
Ranked No. 500 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2017
References
1980 births
Living people
American male professional wrestlers
Concord University alumni
Professional wrestlers from Virginia
People from Midlothian, Virginia
Peter Chan Chun-chuen (born 23 December 1959), earlier known as Tony Chan, is a Hong Kong businessman and the former Feng shui geomancer to the late Nina Wang, who at the time of her death was chair of Chinachem Group and Asia's richest woman. He laid claim to Wang's HK$83 billion estate after she died from ovarian cancer in 2007, claiming to have been her lover.
Personal life and business activities
Chan was born in Hong Kong with family roots in Xinhui, Guangdong. He is a partial owner, along with Wang's estate, of RCG Holdings Limited (, ), a biometrics and RFID solution provider which was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in February 2009. He is married to Tam Miu-chung; their first child, Wealthee Chan, was born in 1993. In March 2013, Tony Chan was baptised as a Christian and took the name Peter Chan on the occasion of his conversion. He stated that he began considering conversion when his driver quit in 2012 and gave him a Bible as a parting gift. He also indicated that he would no longer practise feng shui after his conversion.
Estate battle
After Nina Wang's death in 2007, Chan presented a 2006 document purporting to be her last will and testament, which left all of her assets to him. This would have been a complete reversal of Wang's earlier 2002 will, in which she stated that she wished to bequeath her fortune to Chinachem Charitable Foundation, a trust run by her family. On 2 February 2010, the Hong Kong High Court ruled that Wang's estate belonged to the Foundation and not to Chan.
Justice Johnson Lam said Chan was "untruthful, unreliable and lacking in credibility". He further stated: "I do not find him to be a credible witness and I find in many respects his evidence was tailored to suit his convenience. I do not believe what he testified regarding the provenance of the 2006 will. Apart from my general assessment of his credibility, I also find his evidence incredible."
The judge found Wang's signature on the 2006 will rely on by Tony Chan to be "a highly skilled simulation", on the basis of which the Hong Kong Police arrested Tony Chan the next day.
He was released on HK$5 million (US$640,000) bail. Hong Kong's Inland Revenue Department issued a demand for HK$300 million in back taxes on income he is alleged to have received from Wang for feng shui services, sums which Chan claims were gifts from his lover.
Criminal case
On 4 July 2013, Chan was convicted of two criminal fraud charges in a jury trial. He was convicted of forging the will and of using a false document by majority verdicts. He was sentenced to 12 years in prison. He filed for leave to appeal against his conviction the following week.
References
External links
Chinachem Charitable Foundation Ltd v. Tony Chan and others: Judgment of Mr Justice Lam, Hong Kong High Court, 2 February 2010. Retrieved 24 March 2014.
Hong Kong businesspeople
Hong Kong criminals
1959 births
Living people
Contrafuego is an Argentinian TV series that aired on Canal 9 from 26 August to 30 September 2002 at 22.00hrs. (UTC-3). The series contained the leading actors Baby Etchecopar and Enzo Viena.
Plot
Tito Bisleri (Baby Etchecopar) is a policeman whose wife and daughter were killed in an attack. In the first chapter Bisleri is seen in the cemetery, leaving flowers on the graves of his family. The policeman tries to combat corruption by way of revenge for the death of his family. Tito moves in a very corrupt environment: a squad where there are some corrupt police. A politician, Miranda (Enzo Vienna) is involved in the sale of arms and drugs, and Ramirez, who investigates Miranda with such bad luck that when he has the data, three employees of the politician find him with his secretary, take pictures to blackmail him, and steal the diskettes with the key information.
Although part of a squad, Bisleri prefers to work alone. The same group that stole the floppy-discs end up crashing the truck in which they escaped into a car dealership where they take 20 hostages. Federal Police, and two mobile units, one from Radio Telenueve and another from Radio 10 arrive immediately. But they can not do anything until Tito, using his ingenuity, enters the place disguised as an empanada deliveryman and kills the criminals. With the help of a friend, Tito recovers the disks but the confrontation with the politician's henchmen will finish with the commissioner being thrown out of the force.
Criticism
The first episode had an average score of 8.2 rating points, not a bad score considering the time and channel on which it was transmitted. The media echoed Etchecopar's action, making fun of it. The Diario Clarín, in its Entertainment section, described police series as "bad".
"The series lacks the slightest hint of dramatic development, not to mention the complete lack of outline and nuance in their characters. The bad guys are very bad and the good pathetic. The situations are unbelievable and the outcomes laughable. The structure is always the same, a crime is committed (hostage taking, kidnapping, weapons in a villa), Bisleri finds out and gets angry, followed by a series of disjointed, if not inexplicable scenes, until the agent throws himself against the thugs and kills them with blows from Tom Cundom's special effects (FX specialist and co-director of the series)."
References
2002 Argentine television series debuts
2002 Argentine television series endings
2000s Argentine television series
The Frankfurt Galaxy were a professional American football team that originally played in the World League of American Football and later in the resurrected NFL Europe. The team was based in Frankfurt, Germany and played in the Commerzbank-Arena, formerly called Waldstadion. The Galaxy was the only team in the league to have remained in operation and in the same city throughout the league's existence.
As of 2021, an unrelated team of the same name plays in the European League of Football.
History
In 1991, the Galaxy was a founding member of the World League of American Football (WLAF). They hosted the first ever WLAF game against the London Monarchs at the Waldstadion on March 23, 1991, and scored the first ever WLAF points with a safety, but lost the game.
When the World League resumed in 1995, the Galaxy, the Monarchs, and Barcelona Dragons were the only former WLAF teams that continued playing. Before it folded, Frankfurt Galaxy was the oldest pro football team outside of the NFL and CFL. Frankfurt also played in the last NFL Europa game, losing the 2007 World Bowl to Hamburg.
The Frankfurt Galaxy's record eight appearances in the 15 World Bowl games were evenly split in the composite standings with four wins (1995, 1999, 2003 and 2006) and four losses (1996, 1998, 2004, and 2007).
Season-by-season
Head coaches
Notable players
References
External links
The Football Database
American football in Hesse
NFL Europe (WLAF) teams
Galaxy
Defunct American football teams in Germany
American football teams established in 1991
American football teams disestablished in 2007
1991 establishments in Germany
2007 disestablishments in Germany
Steven James Thompson (born 2 November 1964) is an English retired professional footballer who played as a midfielder. He is the first-team coach of Football League Championship side Preston North End.
Playing career
Thompson started his playing career as an apprentice at Bolton Wanderers before signing his first contract in 1982, and was at the club until 1991 playing in a total of 410 games, and scoring 57 goals in all competitions. He played on the winning side at Wembley in 1989 in the Football League Trophy final. On 13 August 1991, he signed for Luton Town for £180,000. However, his stay with the Hatters was short-lived, he made just five league appearances before moving to Leicester City two months later on 22 October where he played in 121 league games scoring six goals. He won the Player of the Season award twice while with the Foxes and would later describe his time with the club as probably the best three years as a footballer there.
On 24 February 1995, Thompson moved to Burnley for a £200,000 transfer fee where he made 49 league appearances, scoring one goal before leaving at the end of the 1996–97 season. On 1 August 1997, he signed for Rotherham United where he made 106 league appearances, and scored fourteen goals. In the 2000–01 season he joined Halifax Town where he spent one season, playing 36 games and scoring two goals. He then spent a season with Leigh RMI before retiring from football.
Coaching career
Blackpool
Thompson started coaching with the Centre of Excellence at Blackpool before becoming Head of the Youth Department in 2005. Following the appointment of Simon Grayson as Blackpool's manager Thompson was promoted to first team coach in 2006, and he coached the team in the 2006–07 season as the Seasiders were promoted to the Championship, making their first return to the second tier of English football for 29 years. In March 2008 he signed a new two-year extension to his contract at Bloomfield Road.
In December 2008 following the departure of the Seasiders manager Simon Grayson to Leeds United, Thompson became the assistant manager on a caretaker basis, with Tony Parkes as the caretaker manager. After Parkes' first game in charge, a 1–1 Boxing Day draw against Sheffield Wednesday at Hillsborough, Parkes revealed that the Blackpool board was willing to give him the job full-time, with Thompson as his assistant, if the team continue to perform as they did under Grayson. Speaking of his role as assistant manager at what he considers to be his hometown club, Thompson said, "I am enjoying the responsibility and myself and Tony have been bouncing ideas off each other. Tony will probably make the major decisions but I am enjoying it because it is the club that I love. I am a local lad and I am just as excited doing what I'm doing now as Simon Grayson probably is at Leeds." When Ian Holloway became Blackpool manager in summer 2009, Thompson stayed on as his assistant.
Three and a half years later, when Holloway left to become manager of Crystal Palace, Thompson was appointed caretaker manager before the match at Derby County on 3 November. It was Holloway who had picked the team, however. After the match, which Blackpool lost 4–1, Thompson stated his interest in applying for the job on a full-time basis. Blackpool won their next fixture, with Thompson still in charge, 2–0 at Sheffield Wednesday.
He resumed his caretaker role two months later when Michael Appleton left to become manager of Blackburn Rovers. He picked the team to face Charlton Athletic on 12 January, but they lost 2–1.
Huddersfield Town
On 6 June 2014, Thompson was hired as Mark Robins' new assistant manager at Huddersfield Town. He retained the position under new Huddersfield Manager Chris Powell.
Leeds United
On 18 December 2014, Thompson was hired as Neil Redfearn's new assistant manager at Leeds United. After an upturn in form during 2015 since Thompson's arrival at the club, on 2 April 2015, Thompson was suspended by Leeds for an 'internal matter' by Leeds Sporting Director Nicola Salerno, with Head Coach Neil Redfearn kept in the dark as to the reason's why Thompson had been suspended.
On 24 June 2015, on the day Salerno left the club, Salerno gave an interview to Sky Sports saying about Thompson, I had a bad relationship with Steve but I didn't speak to Massimo about him.
Preston North End
On 1 July 2015, Thompson was appointed first-team coach of newly promoted Football League Championship side Preston North End, reuniting him with manager Simon Grayson 2013–2017. and Alex Neil 2017–Present
Personal life
His son, Curtis, signed as a first-year professional with Blackpool for the 2012–13 season.
Managerial statistics
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Premier League players
Bolton Wanderers F.C. players
Luton Town F.C. players
Leicester City F.C. players
Burnley F.C. players
Rotherham United F.C. players
Halifax Town A.F.C. players
Leigh Genesis F.C. players
English football managers
Blackpool F.C. non-playing staff
Blackpool F.C. managers
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. non-playing staff
Leeds United F.C. non-playing staff
Preston North End F.C. non-playing staff
Isaac Humala Núñez (born 1931) is a labour lawyer from Ayacucho and the ideological leader of the Movimiento Etnocacerista, a group of ethnic nationalists in Peru. He is a former communist leader who served as the model for a colourful character in Peruvian novelist Mario Vargas Llosa's novel "Conversation in the Cathedral." He was Vargas Llosa's teacher of Marxism-Leninism when the writer became a member of a university communist cell.
Personal life
Isaac Humala Núñez, who is of Andean origin and speaks Quechua, is the father of Ollanta Humala, a former president of Peru. His wife Elena Tasso Heredia is from an old Italian family that established itself in Peru at the end of the 19th century. One of his other sons, Antauro Humala, a former army major, ran a rebellion against the government's policies in the Andean city of Andahuaylas in December 2004, in which a police station was seized and some people were killed. His eldest son, Ulises Humala, also ran for president in 2006, and currently occupies a full-time position as a Professor at the National University of Engineering in Peru.
Humala is a self-proclaimed subversive: "a patriot has to be...Christ was and so are we", he declared in an interview.
Beliefs
Humala's Instituto de Estudios Etnogeopolíticos (IEE) is the brain trust of the Movimiento Etnocacerista, which he founded in 1989. He has been an active member of the Communist Party of Peru – Red Fatherland.
According to Humala: "the human species had four races, of which one is practically separate, the white one that dominates the world, the yellow has two powers, China and Japan, and the Black, although without the same weight as the others, at least dominates its own continent. On the other hand, ours does not govern anywhere."
Ethnocarcerism
Likewise, he founded the Peruvian Nationalist Movement (MNP) - a political group that assumes the postulates of "ethnocacerism" -, according to an agreement taken in Alto de la Alianza, Tacna, on October 29, 2003 (third anniversary of the uprising of his sons against the Fujimori government), setting the primary objective of gaining electoral power but without ruling out the possibility of using the armed means. Its symbol is "El sembrador" by the indigenous painter José Sabogal.
2006 Peruvian general election
Vargas Llosa published an editorial on January 15, 2006 attacking Issac Humala's beliefs. Humala has said that his movement advocates more political sovereignty for Peru's indigenous members as they suffer more than the descendants of Europeans, who he believes hold too much influence in Peru and throughout the Andes.
During the 2006 Peruvian general election, Humala, father of candidates Ollanta and Ulises, said that he would free Shining Path and MRTA leaders Abimael Guzmán and Víctor Polay, since he considers that terrorist movements no longer represent a threat to Peruvian society. This came after a letter was signed by several public figures, including Ulises and fellow candidates Javier Diez Canseco and Alberto Moreno, demanding a fair trial for Polay. Most candidates rushed to condemn Isaac Humala's comments—including both Humala's candidate sons.
2020 Peruvian snap parliamentary elections
In November 2019, at the age of 88, he announced his candidacy for the Congress of the Republic for the Free Peru party for the extraordinary elections of 2020. However, a month later his candidacy was excluded from the National Jury of Elections after having omitted information about his personal property on the resume he submitted.
See also
Pan-Americanism
References
Isaac
Peruvian politicians of Quechua descent
Living people
Communist Party of Peru – Red Fatherland politicians
Labour lawyers
1936 births
Mahdist or Mahdism may refer to:
Mahdist (follower), in the context of the Mahdi, the prophesied redeemer of Islam
Mahdist State, or Mahdist Sudan, a state based on a religious and political movement launched in 1881 by Muhammad Ahmad bin Abdullah (later Muhammad al-Mahdi)
Mahdist War, the 1881–99 war between the Mahdist Sudanese and the forces of the Khedivate of Egypt
See also
List of Mahdi claimants
Mrs. Atkinson is a painting (portrait) by Gwen John. It is in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Description and interpretation
The work depicts John's cleaning woman, Mrs. Atkinson, sitting in a room covered with flocked wallpaper. There is a sheep skull on the mantelpiece, though this is not thought to have symbolic meaning.
Simon Schama writes that she is "glancing anxiously sideways, uncertain of what is wanted of her." The painting was exhibited at the New English Art Club in the spring of 1900, marking a strong phase of her career that also saw her Self-portrait on display there about that time. It is considered among the "carefully executed tonal paintings of rather detailed genre subjects" in her first mature oil works.
References
Metropolitan Museum of Art 2017 drafts
Paintings in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Portraits
The Owen Sound North Stars are a Canadian Senior box lacrosse team. The team played in the City of Owen Sound, Ontario, Canada and participated in the Major Series Lacrosse and the OLA Senior B Lacrosse League. The North Stars were four-time Presidents Cup National Champions.
History
Founded in 1967, the Owen Sound North Stars became Owen Sound's cornerstone for senior lacrosse. In 1951, the Owen Sound Crescents won the Mann Cup as National Senior Champions. Although the experience was a great success, the price was too great as the team forced to fold after winning the Mann Cup and had to give up its top players. The team came back a year later, but was not the same. They eventually dropped down to Senior B for a couple seasons before ultimately folding.
For almost thirty years, the North Stars played hard and made their fans proud at both the Senior A and Senior B level. Some seasons, the North Stars played the entire regular season in Senior A just to compete in the Senior B playoffs. Their biggest rival seems to have been the Fergus Thistles, especially in the late years.
The North Stars won the Senior B league crown five times: 1979, 1980, 1989, 1990, and 1991. The North Stars were also Presidents Cup National Champions four times: 1979, 1980, 1989, and 1991. They were National bronze medallists in 1990.
The team folded in 1995 after a series of dismal years at the Major Senior level. In 2000, the OLA Senior B Lacrosse League was rebuilt and the following season Owen Sound came back to Senior after six years of hibernation. The current incarnation of Owen Sound senior lacrosse is the Owen Sound Woodsmen.
Season-by-Season results
See also
Major Series Lacrosse
OLA Senior B Lacrosse League
Presidents Cup (box lacrosse)
Ontario Lacrosse Association teams
Sport in Owen Sound
The men's 400 metre freestyle competition of the swimming events at the 2015 Pan American Games took place on July 17 at the CIBC Pan Am/Parapan Am Aquatics Centre and Field House in Toronto, Canada. The defending Pan American Games champion was Charlie Houchin of the United States.
This race consisted of eight lengths of the pool in freestyle. The top eight swimmers from the heats would qualify for the A final (where the medals would be awarded), while the next best eight swimmers would qualify for the B final.
Records
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Pan American Games records were as follows:
The following new records were set during this competition.
Qualification
Each National Olympic Committee (NOC) was able to enter up to two entrants providing they had met the A standard (3:57.29) in the qualifying period (January 1, 2014 to May 1, 2015). NOCs were also permitted to enter one athlete providing they had met the B standard (4.11.53) in the same qualifying period. All other competing athletes were entered as universality spots.
Schedule
All times are Eastern Time Zone (UTC-4).
Results
Heats
The first round was held on July 17.
B Final
The B final was also held on July 17.
A Final
The final was also held on July 17.
References
Swimming at the 2015 Pan American Games
MR.DIY, legally MR D.I.Y. Group (M) Berhad, is a Malaysia-based home improvement retailer. It is a part of MR D.I.Y. Group (M) Berhad, and provides home improvement products for do-it-yourself projects through online and offline stores. As of April 2021, Creador-backed MR. DIY Group owns and operates over 1000 stores in Malaysia.
It operates over 2,251 stores in 10 Asian and European markets, including Malaysia, Thailand, Brunei, Indonesia, Singapore, Philippines, India, Cambodia, Turkey, and Spain.
History
MR. DIY was started as a consumer hardware store in Jalan Tuanku Abdul Rahman, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia in July 2005. The company then expanded to open stores in Aeon shopping mall in 2009, Tesco Setia Alam in Selangor in 2010, Giant Shopping Outlet and Borneo Hypermall in 2014, Palm Square Commercial Centre in 2017.
In November 2021, MR. DIY opened it's doors in Europe in Turkey in Meydan Istanbul Mall. Also, In January 2022, they opened up a store in Talavera de la Reina, Spain and a second store was opened in Madrid. As of May 2022, there are 9 stores in Turkey and 8 stores in Spain.
The company, headquartered in Selangor, Malaysia has other subsidiaries that include MR.TOY and MR.DOLLAR. Including its subsidiaries, the company operates 900 stores in the country as of December 2021. The company began e-commerce operations in 2018 through its online store and on Shops. To manage the e-commerce warehouse, MR.DIY installed 23 robots in their warehouse.
MR.DIY was publicly listed on the Bursa Malaysia (MYX) in October 2020. The company reported a cumulative revenue of RM 2.6 billion as of Q4 2020 and was valued at RM 21.4 billion.
In April 2021, the company launched a storefront format called MR.DIY Express for rural communities. In January 2022, MR.DIY opened the 800th store at Pavilion Bukit Jalil. In addition, the store also includes a MR. TOY store-within-the-store.
In May 2022, the group opened MR.DIY Plus, a 30,000-sq ft mega retail store, MR DIY. Plus at MidValley Megamall. The group also hit 1000 stores in August 2022.
Awards
MR. DIY was the winner in the Retailer – Home Improvement category at the World Branding Awards in 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021. It also won the Retail Market Leadership Award at the Frost & Sullivan Best Practices Award 2020, 2021 and 2022. MR.DIY was accorded a gold award in Putra Brand Award's Retail Category in 2021.
In 2021 and 2022, Deloitte named MR.DIY as one of four recipients at the inaugural “Malaysia's Best Managed Companies Awards”. MR.DIY also won three awards at the Alpha SEA 11th Institutional Investor Corporate Awards 2021, just one year after listing on Bursa Malaysia.
Corporate Social Responsibility
During the COVID-19 outbreak, MR. DIY notably distributed personal protective equipment (PPE) and face masks to COVID-19 hospitals, government clinics, police and public in Malaysia. MR.DIY, together with Majlis Perbandaran Hulu Selangor (MPHS) initiated a massive clean-up of Sungai Kedondong in 2021. MR.DIY also jointly organized the 5th ‘DIY Made Simple 2021' competition with Universiti Malaya's Community & Sustainability Centre (UMCares). MR.DIY's #DIY4UM initiative in 2021 distributed over RM3.6 million across 12,000 undergraduates from Universiti Malaya through Touch and Go e-wallet for their transition back to on-campus learning.
Under the #DIY4UTAR initiative, 3,817 students from Universiti Tunku Abdul Rahman (UTAR) Sungai Long received hygiene kits from MR.DIY. The company supports environmental causes under a separate community outreach programme, called #DIY4Sungai, by cleaning up Sungai Melaka. Over 1,000 kgs of garbage were picked up and disposed of.
MR.DIY announced the completion of a two-year contribution worth RM408,288 under its #DIY4ZooNegara initiative, which included funds for the adoption of the three animals; two giraffes and a Malaysian tiger.
Under the #DIY4Universiti initiative, MR.DIY distributes 85,000 free test kits to local universities in Peninsular Malaysia.
The company notably joined Yayasan Telekom Malaysia and Yayasan Sukarelawan Siswa in Malaysia's largest Gutta Percha Tree Planting project, planting more than 1,000 trees in Taman Botani Putrajaya, in a 24-hour period. The Gutta Percha project is recognised by The Malaysia Book of Records for its effort to plant 5,017 trees across 23 locations in Peninsular Malaysia.
MR.DIY also activated a school aid programme called "The Healthy Meals", to primary schools in Selangor. It has already benefited 737 students in five primary schools. MR.DIY joined with the non-government organisation, Soroptimist International Club of Damansara (SID), and went to Kampung Gana in Kota Marudu, Sabah, to distribute everyday essentials to 40 families in the village. MR.DIY contributed RM300,000 to (formerly known as PPUM Patients Welfare Fund), in conjunction with the PPUMCare Run event that was held recently at UM Arena, Universiti Malaya. The Run was organised by Universiti Malaya Medical Centre (UMMC) to raise funds to be used to cover the cost of treatment for underprivileged patients.
Financials
References
External links
Malaysian companies established in 2005
Home improvement companies
2020 initial public offerings
Companies listed on Bursa Malaysia
The 1959 Western Kentucky Hilltoppers football team represented Western Kentucky State College (now known as Western Kentucky University) as a member of the Ohio Valley Conference (OVC) during the 1959 NCAA College Division football season. Led by third-year head coach Nick Denes, the Hilltoppers compiled an overall record of 5–4 with a mark of 3–3 in conference play, tying for fourth place in the OVC. The team's captains were Dave Miller and Denny Wedge.
Schedule
References
Western Kentucky
Western Kentucky Hilltoppers football seasons
Western Kentucky Hilltoppers football
In the Arms of a Killer is a 1992 American television film written and directed by Ronald A. Levinson.
Plot
Maria Quinn (Smith) has only recently begun working as a detective in Manhattan, but is already assigned to investigate a horrendous murder, involving a drug lord who was shot with an overdose of heroin at a party. The case takes a personal turn when she finds out that the prime suspect is her lover.
Cast
Jaclyn Smith as Maria Quinn
John Spencer as Det. Vincent Cusack
Nina Foch as Mrs. Venible
Gerald S. O'Loughlin as Art Seidensticker
Sandahl Bergman as Nurse Henninger
Linda Dona as Chrissy
Alan Blumenfeld
Robert Miranda
Kristoffer Tabori as Dennis
Michael Nouri as Brian Venible
References
External links
1992 films
1992 television films
1990s crime drama films
American crime drama films
Films scored by Lee Holdridge
Films about murder
Films set in New York City
NBC networks original films
1992 drama films
Films directed by Robert L. Collins
American drama television films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
Willow Vale is a Northern Village of the Southern Highlands of New South Wales, Australia, in Wingecarribee Shire. It is located 2 km north of Mittagong and is often considered part of Braemar along with its neighbour Balaclava.
According to the , Willow Vale had a population of 717. At the 2021 census, 826 people were living at Willow Vale.
Notes and references
Towns of the Southern Highlands (New South Wales)
Wingecarribee Shire
Choreotyphis is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
Species
Species within the genus Choreotyphis include:
Choreotyphis erythrostigma (Keen & Campbell, 1964)
Choreotyphis pavlova (Iredale, 1936)
References
Houart, R, Buge, B. & Zuccon, D. (2021). A taxonomic update of the Typhinae (Gastropoda: Muricidae) with a review of New Caledonia species and the description of new species from New Caledonia, the South China Sea and Western Australia. Journal of Conchology. 44(2): 103–147.
External links
Iredale, T. (1936). Australian molluscan notes, no. 2. Records of the Australian Museum. 19(5): 267-340, pls 20-24
Typhinae
Beverwijck ( ; ), often written using the pre-reform orthography Beverwyck, was a fur-trading community north of Fort Orange on the Hudson River in New Netherland that was renamed and developed as Albany, New York, after the English took control of the colony in 1664.
History
During the 1640s, the name Beverwijck began to be used informally by the Dutch for their settlement of fur traders north of the fort. The village of Beverwijck arose out of a jurisdictional dispute between the patroonship of Rensselaerswijck and the Dutch West India Company (WIC) over the legal status of the community of some two hundred colonists living in the vicinity of the WIC Fort Orange on the west bank of the Upper North River. In 1652, Peter Stuyvesant, director general of New Netherland, extended WIC jurisdiction over the settlers who lived near Fort Orange.
In the late 1650s, colonists built a palisade around Beverwijck, and it had become economically and politically successful, with large families living in the community. Despite its isolation on the frontier, a sign of Beverwijck's success was that it was never attacked by Native Americans. The Dutch built a collaborative relationship with both the Algonquian-speaking Mahican of the Hudson Valley and the Iroquoian-speaking Mohawk people to the west through the Mohawk Valley. By 1660, the Dutch relations with these two different Native nations had taken on differing characteristics, reflecting their different patterns of settlement and culture.
A large percentage of the Beverwijck population consisted of Europeans born outside of the Dutch Republic. Despite the ethnically mixed population which included Dutch, Scandinavian, German, and English individuals, institutions transplanted from the Republic gave the town a decisively Dutch character.
The fur trade was very lucrative and, when the village of Schenectady was founded in 1661 beyond Rensselaerwyck, the traders of Beverwijck were successful in getting governor Peter Stuyvesant to declare that they had a monopoly on trade. The settlers in Schenectady were forbidden to trade. This prohibition was affirmed by orders of Governor Nicholls through 1670 and later after the English took over the colony of New Netherland.
Although Beverwijck literally means beaver district, its name might be of different origin than related to the fur trade. It could have been named for the Dutch city of Beverwijk.
See also
History of Albany, New York
References
Further reading
New Netherland
Albany County, New York
History of Albany, New York
1640s establishments in the Dutch Empire
Mullaghmore () is a mountain in County Londonderry, Northern Ireland. It is part of the Sperrins and the 359th highest point on the island of Ireland The summit is dominated by a large telecommunication tower. The peak is located 5 miles north of the village of Draperstown, and 6 miles south of Dungiven. It is also locally known as, "The Birren" hence the road name passing over it is "Birren Road"
References
Mountains and hills of County Londonderry
Marilyns of Northern Ireland
The Link–Lee House is a large historic home located in Montrose in central Houston, Harris County, in the U.S. state of Texas. It is currently serving as the executive office of the University of St. Thomas. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places listings in Harris County, Texas in 2000, and became a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 2001.
History
The Link–Lee House is named for John Wiley Link and Thomas Peter Lee, its first owners. The house is located at the corner of Montrose Boulevard and West Alabama Street, now on the University of St. Thomas campus in Houston. A monumental portico fronts the neoclassical building, which is clad in brick with terra cotta ornamentation.
Link Family
John Wiley Link (1866–1933) was born in Gallatin, Texas. He completed his law studies at Baylor University, and joined the Texas bar in 1888. He practiced law in Amarillo and Orange, where he was elected mayor in 1905.
Link accumulated wealth through the lumber business and finance in east Texas. In 1910, he moved to Houston where he anticipated economic growth sparked by its emerging oil industry. In addition to being the founding chairman of The American General Insurance Company and the second president of The Dr. Pepper Company, he established the Houston Land Corporation while amassing several properties totaling 250 acres near the Houston city limits. He set aside a strip land on which he built the first section of Montrose Boulevard, the main street for his upscale residential subdivision. He planned his own home site on Block 41, fronting the newly paved Montrose Boulevard and West Alabama Street. Sanguinet, Staats, and Barnes designed this Link's home, which was built by Young Contracting Company in 1912.
Lee Family
Thomas Peter Lee (born March 19, 1871) started as an oil field worker in his native West Virginia and Ohio. Just sixteen when he started work, he relocated to Saratoga, Texas in 1903 to work for the Texas Company. In 1914, he co-founded Farmers Petroleum Company and accepted a post as the firm's president.
Lee acquired the house at the end of 1916 for $90,000. Link–Lee House was the largest single-family residence in Houston at the time with over 10,000 square feet. The main floor included a breakfast room, formal dining room, and music room. There was a full basement, a second floor with five-bedroom suites, and a third floor ballroom.
After Lee's death, his home remained in the possession of his family until July 9, 1940, when family members, including Mrs. Essie N. Lee, sold the property to the University of St. Thomas for $120,000. At the wishes of all heirs and executors, the college separated the payment into two parts: $6,000 in cash and the remaining $114,000 as a donation, guaranteed by a promissory note dated September 1, 1946, made payable to the William M. Rice Institute for the Advancement of Literature, Science and Art in Houston.
University of St. Thomas
The home, now referred to as the Link-Lee Mansion, and its surrounding land, became the main building of the University of St. Thomas, which still occupies the site today. Originally the building housed the entire university, it now contains the executive offices of the university. While still mostly intact, the mansion has been adapted to accommodate the offices of the president, vice president for Academic Affairs, Dean of Arts and Sciences, vice president for Institutional Advancement, and Alumni Relations.
The surrounding patio, porch, and yard of the mansion was utilized each October as part of Neewollah, the university's Halloween party. This tradition ended in 2006 with the construction of the Edward P. White Memorial Plaza, which feature a large granite monolith and fountain. The plaza is the last design of famous architect Philip Johnson.
Future plans involve moving the offices out of the mansion and restoring it back to how it looked in 1912. These plans are contingent upon the university purchasing adjacent properties prior to making any such moves.
References
Recorded Texas Historic Landmarks
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Texas
Houses completed in 1912
University of St. Thomas (Texas)
Houses in Houston
Sanguinet & Staats buildings
1912 establishments in Texas
National Register of Historic Places in Houston
Alfred C. Finn buildings
The Kaliningrad Regional Drama Theatre () is a theatre in Kaliningrad, Russia.
The city of Königsberg, Germany, was granted to the Soviet Union in 1945 and subsequently renamed Kaliningrad. The new Kaliningrad theatre was created in 1947 and originally located on Basseynaya Street (formerly Ratslinden in Ratshof) in western Kaliningrad. Most of its actors were graduates of the State Institute for Theatre Arts. The new theatre premiered with Konstantin Simonov's Lad from Our Town. Other plays within its repertoire include works by Anton Chekhov, Aleksandr Ostrovsky, Maxim Gorky, and Bertolt Brecht.
In 1960 the company moved to its present location on Mira Avenue, where the Neues Schauspielhaus once stood. That theatre had been destroyed during World War II, but architect P. V. Kuhtenkov designed the new Kaliningrad theatre according to similar plans and part of the original foundation. It reopened on 22 April 1960.
References
Theatre
Theatres completed in 1947
Theatres in Russia
1947 establishments in the Soviet Union
Ayaz Bakhtiyarovich Guliyev (, ; born 27 November 1996) is a Russian football player of Azerbaijani origin who plays as defensive midfielder or central midfielder for Khimki.
Club career
Spartak Moscow
He made his professional debut in the Russian Professional Football League for FC Spartak-2 Moscow on 9 April 2014 in a game against FC Tambov.
Anzhi Makhachkala
On 20 February 2017, it was announced that Guliyev had joined Russian Premier League club Anzhi Makhachkala on loan.
He made his Russian Premier League debut for Anzhi against Spartak Moscow in Otkrytiye Arena on 12 March 2017. Guliyev scored his first goal for Anzhi in the Russian Premier League match against Arsenal Tula in a 3–2 home victory on 22 October 2017. His Anzhi loan was terminated on 7 January 2018.
Rostov
On 10 January 2018, he joined FC Rostov on loan until 31 May 2018. On 6 June 2018, he moved to Rostov on a permanent basis, signing a 4-year contract. Guliyev scored his first goal for Rostov in the Russian Premier League match against Yenisey in a 4–0 home victory on 19 August 2018.
Return to Spartak
On 9 January 2019, Spartak Moscow announced that they bought Guliyev back from Rostov and signed a long-term contract with him. On 11 May 2021, his contract was terminated by mutual consent.
Arsenal Tula
On 21 June 2021, he signed a two-year contract with Arsenal Tula.
Khimki
On 8 July 2022, Guliyev joined Khimki on a two-season deal.
Career statistics
International
He participated in the 2013 FIFA U-17 World Cup with Russia national under-17 football team.
Later he represented Russia national under-19 football team at the 2015 UEFA European Under-19 Championship, where Russia came in second place.
Personal life
Guliyev was born in Moscow, Russia, to a father from Azerbaijan, Bakhtiyar Guliyev, and a Russian mother.
References
External links
Ayaz Guliyev's profile on FC Rostov website.
1996 births
Footballers from Moscow
Russian sportspeople of Azerbaijani descent
People of Talysh descent
Talysh people
Living people
Russian footballers
Russia youth international footballers
Russia under-21 international footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Spartak-2 Moscow players
FC Anzhi Makhachkala players
FC Rostov players
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Arsenal Tula players
FC Khimki players
Russian Premier League players
Russian First League players
Russian Second League players
Thomas W. Gaehtgens (born June 24, 1940 in Leipzig) is a German art historian with special interest in French and German art and art history from the 18th to the 20th century. He was the founding director of the Deutsches Forum für Kunstgeschichte in Paris (Centre Allemand d'Histoire de l'Art de Paris; German Center for the History of Art, Paris) and was director of the Getty Research Institute in Los Angeles, California.
Scholarly life and work
In 1966, Gaehtgens completed his Ph.D. dissertation on the French Renaissance sculptor Germain Pilon at the University of Bonn. In 1972 he published his Habilitationsschrift about Joseph-Marie Vien at the University of Göttingen. For some years he worked as an adjunct professor at the Art History Seminar of this university. From 1979 to 1980, he spent some research time at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey. From 1980 until his retirement in 2006 he was Professor of Art History at the Free University of Berlin.
Soon after his appointment to Berlin's University, Gaehtgens began turning his attention to pre-twentieth-century American art, which was not a primary field for art historians at German universities at that time. In 1985–86 he was a visiting scholar with the Getty Center for the History of Art and the Humanities. In 1988, this led to a major exhibition of American 18th- and 19th-century painting in Germany. In 1992, Gaehtgens took over the organization of the Twenty-Eighth International Congress of the History of Art in Berlin. From 1992 to 1996, Gaehtgens was president of the Comité International d'Histoire de l'Art (CIHA), which is supported by the Association of Art Historians. In 1997, he founded, with German, French, and Swiss colleagues, the Deutsches Forum für Kunstgeschichte in Paris (Centre Allemand d'Histoire de l'Art de Paris), which organizes conferences, symposia, and workshops, undertakes research projects, and has published many books on art. From 1998 to 1999 he was Chaire européenne at the Collège de France. In 2004, he received an honorary doctorate at the Courtauld Institute of Art, London.
In November 2007, he was appointed director of the Getty Research Institute (GRI) in Los Angeles, California. According to the late James N. Wood, formerly president and CEO of the J. Paul Getty Trust, "Thomas Gaehtgens is uniquely qualified to serve as director of the Getty Research Institute. His contributions to our appreciation and understanding of the visual arts through his own scholarship, his creation of opportunities for others, and his realization of a wide range of publications, combined with his international experience and network of colleagues, assure the continuing dynamism of the GRI and promises new opportunities for its exceptional staff."
In 2009, Gaehtgens received the Grand prix de la francophonie of the Académie française and in 2011 an honorary doctorate from the Paris-Sorbonne University. In 2011, he was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
In 2009, he published the first issue of the Getty Research Journal, which features the work of established and emerging art historians, museum curators, and conservators around the world as part of the Getty's mission to promote critical thinking in the presentation, conservation, and interpretation of the world's artistic legacy. In 2011/2012, he co-curated Pacific Standard Time: Art in L.A., 1945-1980, a scholarly collaboration of artists, curators, critics and over 60 cultural institutions across Southern California, coming together for six months to produce exhibitions that told the story of the birth of the Los Angeles art scene and how it became a major new force in the art world.
According to James Cuno, "Professor Gaehtgens is a committed internationalist, at home in German, French, and English, with students and scholar colleagues around the world sharing his internationalist values and joining him on research and professional projects that advance our common understanding of our world's shared artistic legacy." Gaehtgens retired from his position at the Getty in 2018.
Private life
Thomas Gaehtgens is married to Barbara Gaehtgens, an art historian specializing in Dutch and French 17th century art. They have two children.
References
Select publications
Zum frühen und reifen Werk des Germain Pilon: Stilkritische Studien zur französischen Skulptur um die Mitte des 16. Jahrhunderts. Ph.D. dissertation. Bonn 1966.
Napoleons Arc de Triomphe. Göttingen 1974.
Max Klinger. Bielefeld 1976.
Bilder vom irdischen Glück: Giorgione, Tizian, Rubens, Watteau, Fragonard. Berlin 1983.
Versailles de la residence royale au musee historique: La galerie des batailles dans le musee historique de Louis-Philippe. Antwerpen 1984.
Versailles als Nationaldenkmal: Die Galerie des Batailles im Musée Historique von Louis-Philippe. Berlin 1985.
Johann Joachim Winckelmann, 1717-1768. Hamburg 1986.
Deutsche Zeichnungen des 18. Jahrhunderts zwischen Tradition und Aufklärung: Eine Ausstellung aus den Beständen des Berliner Kupferstichkabinetts. Berlin 1987.
(with Jacques Lugand), Joseph-Marie Vien: Peintre du Roi (1716-1809). Paris 1988.
Anton von Werner, Die Proklamierung des Deutschen Kaiserreiches: Ein Historienbild im Wandel preußischer Politik. Frankfurt am Main 1990.
Die Berliner Museumsinsel im Deutschen Kaiserreich. Zur Kulturpolitik der Museen in der wilhelminischen Epoche. Munich 1992
American Icons: Transatlantic Perspectives on Eighteenth- and Nineteenth-Century American Art. Chicago 1992.
"Künstlerischer Austausch – Artistic Exchange", in Akten des XXVIII. Internationalen Kongresses für Kunstgeschichte, Berlin 15 – 20 July 1992. 3 volumes. Berlin 1993.
Historienmalerei. Berlin 1996.
Kennerschaft: Kolloquium zum 150sten Geburtstag von Wilhelm von Bode. Berlin 1996.
Mein Leben: Wilhelm von Bode. Berlin 1997.
Kunsthalle Bremen: Gemäldegalerie, Kupferstichkabinett und Neue Medien. Paris 1998.
Mäzenatisches Handeln: Studien zur Kultur des Bürgersinns in der Gesellschaft. Festschrift für Günter Braun zum 70. Geburtstag. Berlin 1998.
(with Krzysztof Pomian), Le XVIIIe siècle: Histoire Artistique de l'Europe. Paris 1998.
L'art sans frontières, Paris-Berlin les relations artistiques franco-allemandes. Paris 1999.
Collège de France: chaire européenne; leçon inaugurale faite le Jeudi 29 janvier 1999. Paris 1999.
Menzels Théâtre du Gymnase. Berlin 1999.
Ludwig Justi: Werden, Wirken, Wissen: Lebenserinnerungen aus fünf Jahrzehnten. Berlin, 2000.
L'art et les normes sociales au XVIIIe siècle, Paris 2001.
Das Bauhaus und Frankreich. Paris 2002.
Adolph Menzel im Labyrinth der Wahrnehmung: Kolloquium anläßlich der Berliner Menzel-Ausstellung 1997. Berlin 2002.
Place des Victoires: Histoire, architecture, société. Paris 2003.
Historienmalerei. Darmstadt 2003.
Corot bis Monet: Von Barbizon zum Impressionismus; Schenkung Bühler-Brockhaus an das Museum der Bildenden Künste Leipzig; zur Eröffnung des Museumsneubaus im Jahr 2004. Leipzig 2003.
Distanz und Aneignung 1870-1945: Kunstbeziehungen zwischen Deutschland und Frankreich. Berlin 2004.
Der Bürger als Mäzen: Amerikanische Tradition - europäische Herausforderung? Berlin 2005.
L'image du roi de François Ier à Louis XIV. Paris 2006.
" 'Love fleeing slavery': a sketch in the Princeton University Art Museum", Record / Princeton University Art Museum 65 2006), pp. 12–21.
(with Gregor Wedekind), Le culte des grands hommes 1750-1850. Paris 2009.
Perspectives croisées: La critique d'art franco-allemande 1870-1945. Paris 2009.
L'art, l'histoire, l'histoire de l'art. Paris 2011.
(with Louis Marchesano), Display and Art History: The Düsseldorf Gallery and Its Catalogue. Los Angeles 2011.
L'art, l'histoire, l'histoire de l'art. Avant-propos d'Andreas Beyer, Préface de Pierre Nora, Editions de la Maison des sciences de l'homme, Paris, 2011.
Further reading
Willibald Sauerländer, "Vermitteln zwischen den Nationen: Dem Kunsthistoriker Thomas Gaehtgens zum 70.", Süddeutsche Zeitung, June 24, 2010.
External links
Getty Research Institute's Thomas Gaehtgens makes his mark.
Bernhard Schulz, "Intellectual pioneer: German art historian Thomas Gaehtgens is Director of the globally renowned Getty Research Institute in Los Angeles", The Atlantic Times, August 23, 2013
German art historians
German non-fiction writers
Living people
1940 births
German male non-fiction writers
People associated with the J. Paul Getty Museum
20th-century German writers
21st-century German writers
21st-century German male writers
The Cider Act, or CIDER Act, is a law co-sponsored by Senator Ron Wyden and Representative Earl Blumenauer along with lawmakers from other cider-producing U.S. states that reduce taxes on ciders. Previously, ciders with too high of an alcohol percentage or with a certain amount of carbonation were taxed up to fifteen times higher than normal. In addition, the legislation "boosts federal funding to speed up label and formula approval, making it faster and easier for producers to get new varieties on store shelves and on tap" at local establishments.
See also
Cider in the United States
References
Cider
The Science Museum of Virginia is a science museum located in Richmond, Virginia. Established in 1970, it is an agency of the Commonwealth of Virginia. It is housed in the former Broad Street Station, built in 1917.
History
Early proposals
In 1906, the Virginia General Assembly approved funds for the construction of a simple "exhibits center" to display mineral and timber exhibits being assembled for the Jamestown Exposition of 1907. After the exposition ended, many of the items were moved to Richmond's Capitol Square. The "State Museum" as it came to be known opened in 1910, adding displays of natural historical specimens from a variety of state agencies to its collection over the years.
In 1942, the General Assembly created a study commission to consider establishing an official State science museum. That commission succeeded in endorsing the creation of a "Virginia Museum of Science" in 1943. The fiscal restraints and pressing concerns of World War II – and the recession which followed it – prevented the General Assembly from taking further action. In 1946, the General Assembly suspended work on a State science museum awaiting appropriate space and funds.
By 1964, the General Assembly resumed the project of a "State Museum". A new study was commissioned, and once again, the establishment of a "museum of science, archaeology, and natural history" was proposed, but this measure died in the committee. Shortly thereafter, the museum's displays and collections in the basement of the state's Financial Building were gradually disassembled and their collections were dispersed to various State universities.
However, the closing of the "State Museum" galvanized the state's scientific community, and between 1965 and 1967, the Virginia Academy of Sciences, led by Dr. Roscoe D. Hughes, vigorously lobbied Virginia's Governor Mills E. Godwin, to sponsor legislation in the General Assembly to finally establish the State Science Museum.
Creation
Enabling legislation was drafted and approved by the General Assembly, and on July 1, 1970, the Science Museum of Virginia was established.
Over the next several years, the Museum attempted to find an empty storefront, warehouse, or other space which could be used as a temporary home. Friends of the Museum pressed the State to allow it to move into part of the old Broad Street Station, which had recently been purchased from the railroad company by the State and was destined for the wrecking ball. Broad Street Station was built by the Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad (RF&P) in 1917 in the neoclassical style by the architect John Russell Pope. Although the station also served the trains of the Atlantic coastline Railroad (ACL), the Norfolk and Western Railway (N&W), and eventually the Seaboard Air Line Railway (SAL), much of the stock of the RF&P was owned by the State of Virginia's Retirement System, dating to a period before the American Civil War when it was a major investment in Virginia's future. Broad Street Station was abandoned shortly after Amtrak started in Richmond in 1971. The Museum staff occupied Broad Street Station on January 22, 1976.
On January 6, 1977, Governor Godwin, in his second term, presided over the dedication of the Science Museum's first exhibit gallery, The Discovery Room. The event celebrated the fifty-eighth anniversary and rebirth of Broad Street Station and the culmination of over seventy years of effort to establish the Science Museum of Virginia.
Exhibit history
A remodeled and greatly expanded Aquarium opened in 1981. That same year, the world's largest analemmic sundial, located in the Museum's parking lot, was dedicated. It would later be listed in the Guinness Book of World Records.
In 1982 the Museum introduced Crystal World, the largest and most comprehensive exhibit in the world on the subject of crystallography. Also introduced was the Solar Challenger, the world's first successful solar airplane, which had just completed a world tour to celebrate its first solar-powered flight from Paris to London.
In 1983 the Museum dedicated its new Universe Planetarium & Space Theater, now called The Dome. The Theater's Evans & Sutherland Digistar planetarium projector was the world's first computer/video planetarium projection system and the first that could take visitors on simulated trips through both time and space. Its film projection system was only one of a handful around the world capable of showing 70 mm OMNIMAX films. The theaters' sound system featured over one hundred individual speakers and generated enough power to simulate earthquakes and rocket lift-offs. The seventy-six-foot domed screen of the theater itself was then the world's largest. It is still the largest screen in Virginia to this day.
In 2003 the Museum unveiled the Grand Kugel, the world's largest kugel ball at a cost of $1.5 million. The Grand Kugel was originally carved from an 86-ton block of South African black granite. It was 8 feet, 8.7 inches in diameter, and it floated on a base of granite. Shortly after installation, the Grand Kugel began to crack. The crack eventually spread through the sphere, rendering it unfloatable. A replacement kugel ball was installed in October 2005. The original kugel is still on display behind the museum.
In the former train loading area which has been redeveloped, large static displays now include:
Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (C&O) steam locomotive and tender, Kanawha class # 2732
Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad (RF&P) "Car One" business car
Aluminaut, the world's first aluminum submarine, designed by and built for Richmond-based Reynolds Metals Company in the 1960s, also notable for helping recover a "lost" U.S. atomic bomb in 1966.
In 2014 the Museum upgraded its five-story theater, The Dome, with a new digital projection system.
In 2016 the Museum opened a new permanent exhibition, Speed, with an SR-71 Blackbird suspended from the ceiling. The Blackbird was relocated from the Virginia Aviation Museum near the Richmond International Airport.
In 2017 the ambitious exhibition Da Vinci—Alive the Experience opened to the public. This travelling exhibition of the art and science of Leonardo da Vinci was developed by Grande Exhibitions in Australia, under the auspices of the Commune di Roma, Commune di Firenze and Citta di Venezia, with the assistance of Pascal Cotte of Lumiere Technology, France.
Affiliated museums
In addition to the Broad Street location, the Danville Science Center in Danville, Virginia is affiliated with the Science Museum of Virginia.
References
External links
Science Museum of Virginia
Science museums in Virginia
Institutions accredited by the American Alliance of Museums
Planetaria in the United States
Museums in Richmond, Virginia
John Russell Pope buildings
Museums established in 1970
1970 establishments in Virginia
The Akwesasne Mohawk Casino (AMC) is a Native American gambling enterprise run by the Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe in Akwesasne, New York. It has for 1,800+ slot machines and 30 table games. The casino is located within the boundaries of the Akwesasne Mohawk reservation as defined in the 1796 Treaty with the Seven Nations of Canada.
Facilities
The casino is a casino resort with hotel, spas, diner and lounge. This resort provides 150 rooms and luxury suites. Spas are located on the second floor. Cascade Lounge offers drink and entertainment within the casino. The resort also has shows of live music, comedy and sport events.
The casino has 30 table games which includes Blackjack, Caribbean Stud Poker, Mississippi Stud, Let It Ride!, Pai Gow Poker, Roulette and Craps. It also has bingo in their Mohawk Bingo Palace everyday throughout the week. Bingo starts every Saturday night at 10:30 with theme night costume contest for cash drawings. Within the Mohawk Bingo Palace there is a poker room that offers shark tank bounty hunter every Sunday, unlimited rebuy no-limit Texas hold'em every Monday, Turbo Tuesday and no limit hold'em bounty tournament every Wednesday. There are also more than 1,800 slot machines.
Expansion
The Akwesasne Mohawk Casino was opened on April 12, 1999. It has grown into one of the largest entertainment destinations in the North Country. In 2011 casino invested $74 million to expand. On May 9, 2013 the casino has completed an expansion that included a 7-storey hotel with 150 rooms, heated indoor pool, Jacuzzi, fitness center, spas and restaurants.
Employment awards
Every year the committee would review the nominations and select the winner of manager of the year by voting. Each winner received a $1,000 Keybank gift card and a plaque of recognition. All of the nominees received a $150 AMCR gift certificate and a plaque.
See also
List of casinos in New York
Kahnawake Gaming Commission, regulating Mohawk gambling in Canada
References
External links
Official site
Akwesasne
Casinos in New York (state)
Casino hotels
Native American casinos
Mohawk tribe
Buildings and structures in Franklin County, New York
Tourist attractions in Franklin County, New York
Native American history of New York (state)
Concrete Industry Management (CIM) is a business program that has been developed specifically for the concrete industry to provide students with a four-year Bachelor of Science degree in Concrete Industry Management. The program gives students entering the concrete work force industry experience early in their careers. Supported by leading companies and trade associations in the concrete industry, this program benefits those participating in the concrete industry by increasing the number of qualified workers in the field.
The goal of the program is to produce broadly educated, articulate graduates grounded in basic business management, who are knowledgeable of concrete technology and techniques and are able to manage people and systems and promote products or services related to the concrete industry.
The concrete industry provides diverse career opportunities. Graduates of the CIM program are being hired for management positions throughout the concrete industry including production, material supply, research, contracting and manufacturing.
The major fundraiser is the annual CIM Auction where the goal is to raise money and awareness. The money raised from the CIM Auction benefits the CIM National Steering Committee and supports the CIM programs. On average, CIM generates about $450,000 on average from auctions.
In the United States, concrete is a $200 billion industry with 500,000 people employed in a variety of concrete careers. The people in these careers build the roads, bridges, dams and public works that keep America's infrastructure strong. Concrete is the foundation that keeps America's office buildings, retail stores and parking structures standing strong. Concrete is also used to create some of the safest and most energy-efficient homes.
History
In early 1995, the concrete industry began efforts to create the first and only four-year Bachelor of Science degree program in Concrete Industry Management (CIM). Founded in 1996, the CIM program enrolled its first two students at Middle Tennessee State University (MTSU). The popularity of the program has taken off since with more than 300 students pursuing degrees in CIM.
The Ready Mixed Concrete 2000 (RMC 2000) movement, which included education as one of its primary initiatives to improve the concrete industry, became a strong national venue to garner support for the vision of a CIM degree. Led by the RMC 2000 initiative, a group of industry champions approached the administration at MTSU with the idea of creating a bachelor's degree dedicated to the development of managers for the concrete industry. Officials at MTSU embraced the idea, contingent on the concrete industry assisting in the development of the curriculum and making a commitment to staying involved long-term by promoting and supporting the program. Industry representatives agreed and a unique partnership was formed.
The program was developed to address the need for people with enhanced technical, communication and management skills specifically suited for the concrete industry. The individuals graduating from this program will have the skills necessary to meet the growing demands of the changing concrete industry. The program gives students many advantages including entering the concrete work force with exposure to the industry early in their careers.
Available at MTSU, California State University, Chico, the New Jersey Institute of Technology, and Texas State University, the program has been successful for both the industry and the graduates. More than 400 students have graduated from CIM program. CIM graduates work for manufacturers, material suppliers, ready mix companies, contractors, testing labs, trade associations, home builders and developers.
Administrative bodies were needed within the concrete industry to manage participation, guidance, and other forms of support related to the program. A grassroots advisory group, the CIM Patrons, was formed to raise funds, promote the program, recruit and mentor students, and provide guest lectures for classes. A National Steering Committee (NSC), composed of pioneering concrete industry executives, was established to provide oversight to the CIM curriculum and supply guidance for general program direction from a national perspective. In addition to the NSC, each school that offers the CIM program has a Patron's Group that serves as a grassroots advisory group to raise funds, promote the program, recruit and mentor students, as well as provide guest lectures for classes.
In 2004, the NSC began pursuing a goal to duplicate the CIM program on a regional basis. The CIM staff and administrators at MTSU, with support from leading concrete industry associations, successfully obtained a $600,000 National Science Foundation grant to assist the industry with the expansion effort. NSC plans to eventually expand the program to about seven schools.
CIM raises money through an annual auction. In 2008, the auction raised approximately $540,000, in 2009 the auction raised $300,000 and in 2010, the event raised more than $386,000. At the most recent auction in January, 2011, the annual fundraising event raised more than $500,000.
Curriculum offered
Concrete coursework covers three broad areas: concrete materials science (mix design, testing, quality control, troubleshooting, etc.), concrete construction technology and techniques (placement and finishing operations, use of new products, etc.), and applied project, production, and sales/marketing management for the concrete industry (ready mix and concrete products operations management, product/industry promotion, estimating, scheduling, personnel management, etc.). The concrete-specific courses teach the fundamentals of concrete, properties and testing, concrete construction and more. All of these courses provide much more than what is simply in the text - they emphasize problem-solving, quality assurance and customer satisfaction. They utilize practical case studies and an internship to make sure the student obtains real-world experience essential to starting a successful career. Additional opportunities for growth include on-campus socials and other organized events providing industry networking and professional development.
The degree is composed of four major areas of study: general studies requirements, required support courses, major requirements of concrete-related courses and business courses. The program entails a broad range of courses, from English and history to science and mathematics. A series of required business courses such as finance, sales, marketing, management and business law are also taken throughout the program. The program entails a broad range of courses, from English and history to science and mathematics. A series of required business courses such as finance, marketing, management and business law are also taken throughout the length of the program.
The concrete industry played a major a role in the development of the curriculum. Concrete professionals and industry consultants worked with administrators to make sure the CIM Graduates are fully prepared. In addition to the CIM degree, a master's degree is available. This program was jointly developed by members of the CIM Association, representatives from the Concrete Industry Management program of the College of Basic and Applied Sciences, and faculty and administrators from the Jones College of Business. This executive type MBA in CIM will be a cohort structure for networking and sharing experiences, while fostering a collaborative learning environment. Since CIM is still a young degree program, most interest comes from industry professionals with business, liberal arts or technical degree background.
The program is18-months long and is administered in 10-week blocks. For a 36-hour program, there will be six regular 10-week terms, plus a prerequisite term made up of three business leveling courses – Accounting, Finance and Statistics.
Presented by the Jennings A. Jones College of Business on the campus of Middle Tennessee State University (MTSU) in Murfreesboro, Tenn., the format includes distance learning, webinars and on-campus visits to MTSU. Academically, all participants must hold at least an undergraduate degree from an accredited institution of higher education. While participants must have at least a bachelor's degree, that degree does not have to be in business.
Scholarships
Many organizations in the concrete industry offer scholarships for students interested in pursuing a Concrete Industry Management degree. The list below indicates the scholarships available. There are three scholarships available to CIM students. The first, National Precast Concrete Association (NPCA) Educational Foundation Scholarship, is offered to any high school student, high school graduate or current undergraduate who will be enrolling full-time in an academic institution for the year beginning in September following the date of application and whose course of study is in an academic field related to the building, construction or precast concrete industry. Scholarships will not exceed four years and are awarded in the amount of $1,000 per academic year.
The Concrete Plant Manufacturers Bureau (CPMB) Scholarship is offered to a deserving student in the MTSU CIM program (minimum 3.0 GPA). The scholarship, which will provide $2,500 per semester for two semesters, will be available beginning with the Fall 2008 semester. The recipient will be selected by the CIM faculty.
The final scholarship, Wisconsin Ready-Mixed Concrete Association Scholarship is offered to residents from the state of Wisconsin, the Upper Peninsula of Michigan and members or family members of the Wisconsin Ready Mixed Concrete Association.
Locations
There are four locations with CIM programs in place. They are Middle Tennessee State University, Texas State University, New Jersey Institute of Technology and California State University, Chico.
References
External links
Middle Tennessee State University
California State University, Chico
New Jersey Institute of Technology
Texas State University
Park Seong-rip (born 18 September 1973) is a South Korean handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1973 births
Living people
South Korean male handball players
Olympic handball players of South Korea
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Teixidor or Texidor is a Catalan occupational surname that means "weaver". Notable people with this surname include:
Emili Teixidor (1932–2012), Spanish writer
Enric Saborit Teixidor (b. 1992), Spanish footballer
Jaime Teixidor (1884–1957), Spanish musician
Joe Texidor (1941–2007), Puerto Rican jazz percussionist
José María Doussinague y Teixidor (1894–1967), Spanish diplomat
Josefa Texidor Torres (1865–1914), Spanish painter
Montserrat Teixidor i Bigas, mathematician
Pere d'Alberní i Teixidor (1747–1802), Spanish soldier
See also
Teixidó
Texidor's twinge
Catalan-language surnames
Nicholas Mynn (fl. 1558–1572), of Little Walsingham, Norfolk, was an English politician.
Life
Mynn was the son of John Mynn of Woodcote, Surrey. He married Elizabeth, a widow and the daughter of MP, Robert Drury. They had three sons and three daughters.
Career
Mynn was a servant of Thomas Howard, 4th Duke of Norfolk.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Morpeth in 1571, Bramber in 1558, Horsham in 1559, New Shoreham in 1563, and Castle Rising in 1572.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
People from Walsingham
English MPs 1558
English MPs 1559
English MPs 1563–1567
English MPs 1571
English MPs 1572–1583
The Hour Before the Dawn is a 1944 American drama war film directed by Frank Tuttle starring Franchot Tone and Veronica Lake. It was based on the 1942 novel by W. Somerset Maugham.
Plot
In 1923 in England, General Hetherton is instructing his grandson Jim to shoot a rifle. Jim's dog runs in the way and Jim accidentally kills him. The incident affects him deeply and he becomes a pacifist.
Years later, at the commencement of World War II, Jim is headmaster at a school and has fallen in love with a young Austrian woman, Dora Bruckman, who works for his sister-in-law, May. He is unaware that Dora is a Nazi spy. She meets regularly with her supervisors in London, Mrs. Müller and Kurt van der Breughel, who are posing as Austrian refugees.
Jim's brother Roger joins the Royal Air Force, but Jim applies for exemption from fighting. This is granted. Dora is ordered to provide German bombers with a bearing to a camouflaged airfield using the headlights of May's car. She is caught in the act by May's son Tommy, but claims May must have left the lights on. Dora has to turn them off before the bombers arrive, so the airfield is saved.
Jim and Dora marry to save her from being removed from the district. Kurt plans to use Jim in an effort to convince influential English people to consider capitulation. He sends a fake letter to Jim, asking him to join an effort to educate refugee children, a task Jim is eager to accept. When they meet, Kurt suggests to Jim that the Germans might consider negotiating terms for peace with Britain. Jim tells Dora afterwards that Kurt spoke more like a German than a Dutchman.
Worried, Dora telephones van der Breughel and recommends bombing the airfield that night. She pours gasoline over a hay wagon. Tommy shows up unexpectedly and, undetected, sees what she is doing. She locks him in a room, but when he blurts out that he knows what she is up to, she pulls out a pistol. Just then, she hears the bombers approaching and rushes out to set fire to the hay.
While Roger gets confirmation that Dora is a saboteur, Tommy escapes, encounters Jim, and tells him of his wife's betrayal. When Jim arrives home, Dora is packed and ready to leave. She admits to being a spy and then shoots him in the shoulder, before her gun jams. Jim kills her, just before Roger arrives. Afterward, Jim joins the Royal Air Force as a gunner.
Cast
Franchot Tone as Jim Hertherton
Veronica Lake as Dora Bruckmann
John Sutton as Roger Hetherton
Binnie Barnes as May Hetherton
Henry Stephenson as General Hetherton
Philip Merivale as Sir Leslie Buchanon
Nils Asther as Kurt van der Breughel
Edmund Breon as Freddy Merritt
David Leland as Tommy Hetherton
Aminta Dyne as Hertha Parkins
Production
The novel was published in 1942. Film rights were bought by Paramount while the project was in galley form, prior to Pearl Harbor. When the book was published, it became the best seller, but Paramount were reluctant to make a film based on it because it was about a conscientious objector - something that was felt to be palatable to the American public while the USA was neutral, but not after. However, after time passed, executives began to feel the public would be sympathetic to a movie about a genuine objector, as it was one of the freedoms the Allies were fighting for.
The movie was the first film produced by William Dozier, who had worked as a story editor at Paramount for a number of years. Shooting started in April 1943. Because of dim-out restrictions, night scenes were shot in Phoenix, Arizona.
Reception
According to Diabolique, the film "flopped at the box office, and Lake copped a lot of the blame. It wasn't really her fault. Yes, she's not very good, uncomfortable with an accent and not really capable of conveying too much depth, but lots of other people in the movie are even worse."
See also
List of American films of 1944
References
External links
1944 films
1940s war drama films
American black-and-white films
American aviation films
American spy drama films
American war drama films
Battle of Britain films
1940s English-language films
Films scored by Miklós Rózsa
Films based on British novels
Films based on works by W. Somerset Maugham
Films directed by Frank Tuttle
Films set in 1923
Paramount Pictures films
Films with screenplays by Lesser Samuels
1940s spy drama films
1944 drama films
1940s American films
Lee Si-yeon (born Lee Dae-hak on July 24, 1980) is a South Korean actress and model. In 1999, Lee participated in the Anti-Miss Korea competition. In November 2007, Lee underwent sex reassignment surgery and changed her name to Si-yeon. Lee is the niece of Seo Jae-hyuk, a singer-songwriter and guitarist, member of Boohwal.
Life
Lee debuted as a male model under her birth name Dae-hak, becoming known for her feminine appearance and wearing women's clothing on the catwalk, but ultimately wished to pursue a career as an actor. She appeared in the films My Boss, My Hero (2001) and Sex Is Zero (2002), providing comic relief in effeminate male roles, but felt pressured into cutting her hair and building up muscle. Lee recalled that, "once I entered showbiz, I was forced to live a life I didn't like", and growing increasingly unhappy, made several attempts at suicide before deciding to transition.
Adopting the given name Si-yeon, Lee underwent sex reassignment surgery in 2007, and admitted to having doubts over her sexuality since being in secondary school. She returned to acting later that year in the sequel Sex Is Zero 2, with her character from the original film now also a transsexual. Lee publicly announced her sex reassignment prior to the release of the film, but was apprehensive about the reaction from audiences. Co-star Shin Yi observed that surgery had not changed her image much, and stated that she had always regarded Lee as a "kid sister".
Filmography
Film
Studio albums
I Became a Woman (2010)
See also
Harisu
Hong Seok-cheon
Jin Xing
References
External links
Lee Si-yeon at Buto ken Uki
이시연 "남자로 산 27년, 행동과 표정 모두 거짓"(인터뷰)
트랜스젠더 가수 이시연, 부활 서재혁과 5촌 당숙지간 스포츠투데이 2011.04.21
큰 용기 이시연, ‘누가 그녀에게 돌을 던지랴' 데일리안 2007.11.09
트렌스젠더 배우 이시연 가수 변신···“난 여자가 됐어” 강원일보 2010.04.13
[거꾸로 사는 사람들] '트랜스젠더' 하리수와 이시연 스포츠조선 2009.07.06
트랜스젠더 이시연 가수 데뷔 '여자가 됐어 뉴시스 2010.05.06
1980 births
Living people
People from Daejeon
South Korean female models
South Korean film actresses
South Korean television actresses
South Korean women pop singers
Transgender actresses
Transgender female models
Transgender musicians
LGBT actors from South Korea
LGBT singers from South Korea
21st-century South Korean actresses
21st-century South Korean women singers
Kumluca is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
Two-Face: Year One is a two-part miniseries released by DC Comics. It was released in July 2008 to coincide with The Dark Knight, although it is set in the comics' continuity and not the film's.
It chronicles the origin of Two-Face also known as Harvey Dent D.A., one of Batman's archfoes; the first issue details the downfall of Harvey Dent, and the second issue focuses on Two-Face as he runs for re-election.
References
2008 comics debuts
DC Comics limited series
Batman storylines
Muscatine Municipal Airport five miles (8 km) southwest of Muscatine, in Muscatine County, Iowa, United States.
Ozark Airlines DC-3s served Muscatine for a year or two starting in 1951.
Facilities
The airport covers and has two concrete runways: 6/24 is 5,500 x 100 ft (1,676 x 30 m) and 12/30 is 4,000 x 75 ft (1,219 x 23 m), both in good condition. Runway 24 is equipped with an ILS system with MALSR approach lighting. Runways 6/24 are equipped with VASI glide slope indicators and runways 12/30 are equipped with PAPI glide slope indicators. At night, all approach lighting can be activated via CTAF (Preset OFF). All runways have RNAV approaches and low to high intensity lighting, which can be increased via CTAF (Present Low). All runways have a left traffic pattern.
In the year ending May 24, 2007 the airport had 14,106 aircraft operations, average 38 per day: 94% general aviation and 6% air taxi. 36 aircraft were then based at this airport: 75% single-engine, 8% multi-engine, 11% jet and 6% glider.
The local fixed-base operator, Carver Aero, provides aircraft charter, aircraft rental, and flight training, with some line services available. The airport is staffed from approximately 07:00 to 18:00 local (except holidays).
KMUT is equipped with an AWOS-3, found on frequency 119.755, and the combined CTAF and UNICOM is on frequency 122.700. The "Port City" VOR-DME (DDD) is located on site, with frequency 116.50.
Accidents and incidents
January 16, 1997 an Learjet 24 operated by Air Cargo Express crashed after landing at Muscatine. Snow on the side of the runway caused the plane to be dragged to the left. Probable cause was the pilot's failure to maintain directional control.
References
External links
Muscatine Municipal (MUT) at Iowa DOT Office of Aviation
Airports in Iowa
Transportation buildings and structures in Muscatine County, Iowa
Wanhatti is a village and resort in Suriname, located in the Marowijne district on the Cottica River. The resort is inhabited by the Ndyuka Maroons, and has a population of 468 people as of 2012. The village is primarily inhabited by Ndyuka of the Ansu clan or lo.
Name
Wanhatti means "one heart" in both Sranan Tongo and Ndyuka and refers to the fact that the village is a merger of the villages of Agiti Ondoo and Walimbumofu.
History
Agiti Ondoo was the site of a Gaan Gadu shrine.
In 1972, a road was built to connect Wanhatti to the East-West Link. The road partially uses the path of the old defence line, build between 1770 and 1778 to protect the plantations of the Colony of Suriname against attacks by the Maroons. The road improved conditions in the village, and it now has a school, and a connection to the telephone network. The Surinamese Interior War fought during the 1980s left its toll on the resort, and caused a large part of the population to flee. In September 2010, a health care clinic was opened in the village. In 2011, the road was extended to reach the village Lantiwee, and it is hoped that this will lead to a return of farmers in the area. On 3 June 2011, a library was opened in the village.
Besides Wanhatti itself, the resort contains among others the villages of Lantiwee, Pikin Santi, Pinatjaimi, and Tamarin.
Aluku Maroons
Fort Buku, a famous Aluku Maroon fort of the Boni War that fell in 1772, is located within the Wanhatti resort, however the fort itself still has to be discovered as of 2020. The Ndyuka signed a peace treaty in 1760. Boni also desired a peace treaty, but the Society of Suriname, despite contrary advice from the Dutch government, wanted to persecute and destroy the Aluku. In 1777, the French send a diplomatic mission to Suriname, to discuss the refugee crisis.
Notes
References
Ndyuka settlements
Populated places in Marowijne District
Resorts of Suriname
The Sigma 30mm F2.8 EX DN is a standard prime lens for Sony E and Micro Four-Thirds mounts, announced by Sigma in January 2012. Along with the Sigma 19mm F2.8 EX DN, it was part of the first release of Sigma lenses for compact interchangeable lens cameras, and hence the inception of the "DN" line, created by Sigma to cater to these cameras, an offering that in January 2013 was expanded with another lens, the Sigma 60mm f/2.8 DN Art.
Construction
The lens has a matte black plastic exterior but features a metal mount.
Image quality
Sharpness is already very high wide open and across the frame. Stopping down yields excellent resolution.
Chromatic aberration is well controlled as is vignetting. Distortion is barrel shaped on a low level.
One drawback is that this lens is slow (2.8) compared to other standard prime lenses which usually have a max aperture of 1.4 - 1.8. But it images quality, its small size and low weight makes this lens an ideal partner for APS-C and MFT cameras.
"Art" series version
An aesthetically updated version, the Sigma 30mm F2.8 DN Art was announced by Sigma on January 29, 2013. It has a glossy black (or silver) plastic exterior with the Sigma Art "A" badge on the side of the lens. It features a large manual focus ring and a detachable barrel-type lens hood.
The optics are identical to the original version.
See also
List of third-party E-mount lenses
List of Micro Four Thirds lenses
References
30
Camera lenses introduced in 2013
Sigma 30 2.8 EX
"Taba Naba" is a children's song originating in the Torres Strait Islands just north of the continent of Australia. This song is usually accompanied by a "sit-down dance" where the "dancers" perform traditional movements corresponding to the lyrics.
The song is a traditional song in Meriam Mir, a language of the Torres Strait Islanders.
Lyrics
Taba naba naba norem,
Tugei penaisir mi, dinghy em nabatre,
Mi ko keimi serer em nebewem,
Taba naba norem.
Translation:
Come on let's go to the reef
Get into the dinghy when the morning tide is low
Let us row to the edge of the reef
Come on let's go to the reef
Popular culture
Children's band The Wiggles performed it with Australian pop singer and Eastern Torres Strait native Christine Anu on their 2000 album It's a Wiggly Wiggly World. On the related video Anu performed the sit-down dance to the song. The song would soon be featured again in two TV series (Lights, Camera, Action, Wiggles! and Ready, Steady, Wiggle!), Wiggle Town and Duets (with Christine Anu returning).
In Brazil, the Brazilian singer Xuxa recorded the song for her album Xuxa Só Para Baixinhos 4 (English: Xuxa only for kids 4)
See also
Torres Strait Islands
The Wiggles
References
"Taba Naba" page
External links
Photo of children performing the "sit-down dance"
Children's songs
Songs about beaches
Torres Strait Islands culture
C-type lectin domain family 2 member D is a protein that in humans is encoded by the CLEC2D gene.
This gene encodes a member of the natural killer cell receptor C-type lectin family. The encoded protein inhibits osteoclast formation and contains a transmembrane domain near the N-terminus as well as the C-type lectin-like extracellular domain. Several alternatively spliced transcript variants have been identified, but the full-length nature of every transcript has not been defined. CLEC2D encodes the gene for the Lectin Like Transcript-1 (LLT1) protein which is a functional ligand for the human NKR-P1A receptor, encoded by the KLRB1 gene.
In mice, there are many orthologs of the CLEC2D gene, and the presumed homolog is Clr-b/Ocil (Clec2d). Clr-b has been implicated in missing-self recognition by natural killer cells through engagement of the NKR-P1B receptor.
References
Further reading
External links
Plover Cove Country Park () is a country park in Hong Kong located in the Northeastern New Territories. The original country park was established on 7April 1978, covering of natural terrain in the administrative North District and Tai Po District. A northern extension to the park, Plover Cove (Extension) Country Park, was designated on 1June 1979, covering the Double Haven islets and Ping Chau.
Ecology
Wild animals residing in the woodlands include Malayan porcupine, Chinese ferret-badger, Chinese pangolin, leopard cat and Pallas's squirrel. There have been records of Indian cuckoo and red-winged crested cuckoo on Kat O and in Lai Chi Wo inside the park.
New and rare species of butterflies in Hong Kong such as yellow coster and bi-spot royal were discovered in the country park recently. Wu Kau Tang and Lai Chi Wo are especially rich in butterflies.
Scenic spots
Bride's Pool, a waterfall plunge pool, is only in diameter and deep, known among Hongkongers for the folklore tale that recounts how a bride was drowned here on her way to her wedding.
Geological formations feature in the country park Ping Chau, Ma Shi Chau and Wong Chuk Kok Tsui all contain some of the oldest rock formations in Hong Kong.
Hiking trails within the country park include the Bride's Pool Nature Trail, Tai Mei Tuk Family Walk, Chung Pui Tree Walk, Wu Kau Tang Country Trail and Ping Chau Country Trail in the Plover Cove (Extension) Country Park
Plover Cove (Extension) Country Park
The northern extension of Plover Cove Country Park was designated in 1979. It includes the Double Haven islets and Yan Chau Tong Marine Park. Islands within this part of the park include: Ping Chau (Tung Ping Chau) in Mirs Bay, three islets of Double Haven: Yan Chau, Pak Ka Chau and Pak Sha Tau Tsui. Other islands: Crooked Island, Tui Min Chau, Crescent Island, Double Island, Wu Yeung Chau and Port Island opposite Long Harbour and Tolo Channel.
See also
Conservation in Hong Kong
Plover Cove
Plover Cove Reservoir
References
Initial text based on information provided by the Hong Kong Agriculture, Fisheries and Conservation Department (AFCD), under the provision that the re-dissemination or reproduction is for non-commercial use.
Country parks and special areas of Hong Kong
North District, Hong Kong
Tai Po District
1978 establishments in Hong Kong
Leonard David McCluskey (born 23 July 1950) is a British trade unionist. He was General Secretary of Unite the Union, the largest affiliate and a major donor to the Labour Party. As a young adult, he spent some years working in the Liverpool Docks for the Mersey Docks and Harbour Company prior to becoming a full-time union official for the Transport and General Workers' Union (T&GWU) in 1979.
McCluskey was elected as the general secretary of Unite in 2010, and was re-elected to his post in 2013 and 2017. A member of the Labour Party, McCluskey is on the party's left. He was a key backer and supporter of Jeremy Corbyn during his time as Leader of the Labour Party.
Early life
Leonard David McCluskey was born in Liverpool, Lancashire on 23 July 1950, the son of a painter-decorator, after whom he was named, and Peggy, who politically inspired her son. He failed the 11-plus, but passed the 13-plus, intended for late developers. A Catholic, he attended the Cardinal Godfrey Technical High School, a grammar school, in Anfield. Leaving school with three A-levels, in history, economics and general studies, he began his working life on the Canada Dock, part of the Port of Liverpool.
Employed by the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board (the Mersey Docks and Harbour Company from 1972) as a ship's planner, he drew maps indicating the location of cargo in the hold so it could be retrieved at the unloading port. He worked for the company for 11 years.
Early trade union activism
McCluskey joined the Transport and General Workers' Union (T&GWU) in 1968, and became a shop steward for the union the following year. He was involved in unionising the white collar staff in the Liverpool docks among whom previously there had been an absence of trade union organisation. After joining the Labour Party in 1970, he became an officer of the T&GWU in Merseyside in 1979 and was its campaign organiser throughout the 1980s.
During the 1980s he became a close friend of Tony Mulhearn and Derek Hatton, then deputy leader of Liverpool City Council, and supported the Militant tendency. "I would never, ever deny that", he told the Liverpool Echo in 2009 "but I never became a member". He added: "In the end I decided that Militant was too sectarian from a political standpoint to be effective. But I believe that on the chief issues they were right".
McCluskey was elected as the National Secretary of the T&GWU General Workers group in 1990, and moved to London to work in the union's national headquarters.
In 2004, he became the T&GWU's national organiser for the service industries. In 2007, he was appointed as the Assistant General Secretary for Industrial Strategy of to Unite the Union, a merger of the T&GWU and Amicus.
He defines himself as being on the left of the union, and has been given the label of "Red Len" in the British press because of his involvement in Unite's dispute with British Airways. In a speech at the 2010 Durham Miners' Gala he said political developments in Cuba and Venezuela should be better known, and suggested the reason they were not was because of "the fear of the good example".
However, in March 2012 the industrial correspondent of the Press Association, Alan Jones, distinguished McCluskey during the BA dispute from the former National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) leader Arthur Scargill: "I think he's more willing to cut a deal". Labour politician Jon Trickett told George Eaton in 2016: "He got to the top through force of personality, intellect and organising skill". He expressed regret in 2009, and again in 2011, that the Labour governments of Tony Blair and Gordon Brown did not reverse the legislative changes affecting trade unions of the immediately preceding Conservative governments. He argued in June 2016, that the changes made by those governments have "left the lowest paid and the most vulnerable workers in our society in dire straits".
Unite and McCluskey backed Ed Miliband to become the next Labour leader in 2010. The votes of members of Unite, plus Unison and the GMB, were enough for Miliband to be elected leader over the preference for his brother, David Miliband, of party members and MPs in the electoral college (by then 33 per cent each) which was in force at the time.
General Secretaryship of Unite
2010 and 2013 Unite election
In 2010, McCluskey ran for election as General Secretary of Unite to replace joint-General Secretaries Derek Simpson and Tony Woodley, who had both announced their retirement. On 21 November 2010, it was announced that McCluskey had been elected to the post, beating Jerry Hicks, Les Bayliss and Gail Cartmail. He gained 101,000 votes in a total 16 per cent turnout of around 1.5 million members.
Simpson retired in December 2010, and Woodley followed shortly after that, leaving McCluskey to take office as the General Secretary on 1 January 2011. In December 2010, McCluskey wrote in The Guardian that "there is no case for cuts at all", the government's "austerity frenzy" being "whipped up for explicitly ideological reasons" to complete "Thatcherism's unfinished business by strangling the welfare state".
In 2013, McCluskey announced that he would be running for re-election as General Secretary. He was re-elected in April 2013 with 144,570 votes against Jerry Hicks with 79,819 votes on a turnout of 15.2 per cent. In September 2013, Hicks complained to the trade union watchdog, the certification officer, that the result should be declared void as 156,000 ballot papers had been sent to people no longer paying union subscriptions. However, the union was obliged by law to give them a vote (very few actually voted).
Relations with Ed Miliband
In an April 2013 interview for the New Statesman, McCluskey urged Miliband to drop three "Blairite" shadow ministers from his frontbench team. A spokesman for Miliband said McCluskey did not speak for the party and the "attempt to divide the Labour Party is reprehensible" and was "disloyal to the party".
In July 2013, there were allegations of vote rigging in the Falkirk constituency. A consultation over an all-women shortlist was abandoned over fears that not all members had been invited to participate. This was thought suspicious because Unite's preferred candidate was Karie Murphy. Meanwhile, Unite had paid for scores of people to join the Labour Party in line with the union's political strategy. Miliband called in the police to establish whether there had been criminal behaviour. The police investigation was dropped in July. Murphy dropped out as a potential candidate in September 2013, and the Labour Party investigation and report found that there had been no wrongdoing. Charges against Murphy and the CLP's chairman Stevie Deans were dismissed.
McCluskey threatened to disaffiliate Unite from Labour and launch a new workers' party in March 2014 if Labour lost the 2015 general election, which could cause Labour to cease to exist in its current form, according to Jim Pickard of the Financial Times. Following Labour's electoral defeat, he found fault with the party's policy proposals, which he thought were "not particularly radical" and believed the party had fallen "for the Tories' austerity trap".
2015 and 2016 Labour leadership elections
During the 2015 Labour leadership election, Unite and McCluskey supported Jeremy Corbyn's candidacy, later reasserted by McCluskey when some senior figures in the union wanted to support Andy Burnham. According to George Eaton of the New Statesman, McCluskey was thought privately to share this view (which was denied by McCluskey, who was always a Corbyn supporter). Office space was supplied to Corbyn's campaign and by March 2018, Unite had donated £11 million to the Labour Party since Corbyn became leader.
McCluskey later termed the events of June and July 2016 concerning Corbyn's leadership of the Labour Party as a "crazy vote of no confidence, this mass resignation" and "this coup attempt" in an interview with Decca Aitkenhead of The Guardian.
2017 re-election as General Secretary
In December 2016, McCluskey resigned as General Secretary and stood again in a leadership election. McCluskey's main challenger was Gerard Coyne, then Unite's organiser in the West Midlands. McCluskey was re-elected in April 2017 by less than 6,000 votes over Coyne; 59,067 votes (45.4 per cent) to Coyne's 53,544 (41.5 per cent) on a turnout of 12.2 per cent. The other candidate was Ian Allinson who received 17,143 votes (13.1 per cent). An investigation into Coyne's actions during the election, led by Andrew Murray, the union's chief of staff, resulted in Coyne being fired for the misuse of data in June 2017. Coyne's subsequent complaint to the Trades Union Certification Officer was dismissed on all ten counts, and the officer found that Coyne had included misleading information in some of his election literature.
His first book, Why You Should Be a Trade Unionist, was published in 2020. His successor as General Secretary, Sharon Graham, was elected on 25 August 2021.
In January 2021, Unite's executive counsel convened to discuss cost overruns on a union-funded building project undertaken by Paul Flanagan, a close personal associate of McCluskey; the construction works, which were originally supposed to cost £7 million pounds, had reached a cost of £96.5 million by January 2021, with an estimated £15 million in profits accruing to Flanagan. In December 2021, Sharon Graham announced an independent inquiry into the project. In February 2022, it was revealed that independent valuations of the completed building project, which includes a hotel, a conference center, and Unite's regional offices, came in at between £27 and £29 million pounds, roughly £70 million less than the project's cost of just under £100 million. McCluskey defended the building project, describing it as a “sensible investment of members' money, resulting in a world-class facility that will return an income for our union for generations to come”.
Retirement
Mccluskey's second book Always Red was released in 2021.
In October 2021, McCluskey told Scottish Labour to back another Scottish independence referendum in order to win back support from the Scottish National Party. "We've been telling Labour in Scotland since 2007 – when a certain Nicola Sturgeon won a seat in Glasgow – to wake up and smell the coffee," he told Good Morning Scotland. "The reality is the SNP have stolen the radical clothes of Scottish Labour and Scottish Labour have lost the trust of ordinary working people. They're going to have to battle really strongly [to regain that trust]. In my opinion they should support a second referendum on independence - what they actually do when that referendum comes can still be debated."
Books
Personal life
McCluskey was married to Ann for more than 20 years; the couple had a son. After moving to the T&GWU lead office in London, McCluskey had a child with Jennie Formby in 1991; both names are listed on the birth certificate. From 1994, McCluskey lived with Paula Lace (now Williams) with whom he had a daughter.
References
1950 births
Living people
General Secretaries of Unite the Union
People from Anfield
Labour Party (UK) people
Members of the General Council of the Trades Union Congress
Trade unionists from Liverpool
Jaghin () may refer to:
Jaghin, Hajjiabad
Jaghin, Rudan
Jaghin District
Jaghin-e Jonubi Rural District
Jaghin-e Shomali Rural District
See also
Jaghan (disambiguation)
Cantel is a municipality in the Quetzaltenango Department in Guatemala. It is located east of the city of Quetzaltenango and has an area of 52.6 km2. The town of Cantel, with a population of 35,825 (2018 census), is situated at an altitude of 2,370 metres.
Cantel includes the small Maya archaeological sites of Chojolom and Cerro Quiac.
References
External links
Website of Cantel
Municipalities of the Quetzaltenango Department
Marginal zone B and B1 cell-specific protein is a protein that in humans is encoded by the MZB1 gene.
References
Further reading
Human proteins
Roberdel Mill No. 1 Company Store is a historic company store located at Roberdel, Richmond County, North Carolina, north of Rockingham. It was built about 1885, and is a one-story, three bay, brick building with a gable roof. The Roberdel Mill administrative offices were housed in the Manufacturers Building.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
References
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Commercial buildings completed in 1885
Buildings and structures in Randolph County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Richmond County, North Carolina
Company stores in the United States
The National Basketball League (NBL) was a professional basketball league in Japan run by the Japan Basketball Association (JBA). The first NBL season started in Autumn 2013, replacing the JBA's previous top-flight league, the Japan Basketball League. Below the NBL was the National Basketball Development League (NBDL), which was the successor to the former JBL 2 division.
The NBL and its predecessor existed alongside the bj league, an independent league based on the American sports franchise model that had been active since 2005. The JBA was suspended by FIBA in November 2014 for failing to address the fragmentation of the sport into competing leagues. As a condition of FIBA lifting the suspension in August 2015, the NBL and NBDL merged with the bj-league to form the B.League, which will commence in October 2016. Accordingly, the 2015-16 NBL season was the league's third and final season.
Teams
The league's initial season in 2013-14 consisted of twelve teams. The eight teams that participated in the final season of the JBL1 joined the league, as well as the JBL2 champion Hyogo Storks. The Chiba Jets returned to the JBA system after playing two seasons in the bj-league, including a 9th-place finish in 2012-13. intended to join the NBL after finishing third in their first JBL2 season in 2012-13, but subsequent financial difficulties saw them withdraw their application. They were replaced by the newly formed Tsukuba Robots, who submitted a separate application for entry to the league. The twelfth team to join the league was the Kumamoto Volters, who had been seeking entrance into the JBL2 since 2009. Three NBDL teams were given associate membership status, allowing for the possibility of their future promotion to the NBL. However, all three teams (Renova Kagoshima, Tokyo Excellence and Toyota Tsusho Fighting Eagles) ultimately remained in the NBDL for the duration of the competition's existence.
The 2014-15 season saw the Hiroshima Dragonflies enter the league as an expansion team and the Tsukuba Robots transfer from the Western Conference to the Eastern Conference. The Wakayama Trians, who were runners-up in the league's first season, withdrew midway through the 2014-15 season in January 2015 due to financial difficulty and were refused entry into the 2015-2016 season. In March 2014 the league issued a public call for expansion teams to join the NBL or NBDL for the 2015-16 season. The Tokyo Hachioji Trains joined the NBDL but the NBL remained at twelve teams. The league abandoned the two-conference system in 2015-16, with teams instead playing five matches against each other for a total 55-game regular season.
Playoff champions
All-star game
References
Basketball leagues in Japan
Defunct basketball leagues
Sport leagues established in 2013
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 2016
2013 establishments in Japan
2016 disestablishments in Japan
Defunct sports leagues in Japan
GII may refer to
Gemmological Institute of India
Global Information Infrastructure
Global Innovation Index (Boston Consulting Group)
Global Innovation Index (INSEAD)
Guyana Islamic Institute
Gender Inequality Index
Siguiri Airport, Guinea (by IATA code)
See also
G2 (disambiguation)
Jennie Scott Scheuber (1860–1944) was an American librarian who pioneered the public library movement in Texas. A prominent Fort Worth, Texas civic leader, she was instrumental in the formation of the Fort Worth public library system and the first art museum in Fort Worth.
Early life
Jennie Scott was born January 6, 1860 in Plaquemine, Louisiana to Maurice and Louise Imlar Scott, immigrants from Alsace and Leipzig, respectively. The family moved to New Orleans after the Civil War and relocated to Fort Worth, Texas in 1873, the same year that city was incorporated; by 1877 the Scotts were proprietors of the Cosmopolitan Hotel on Fort Worth's Main Street. Largely educated at home, Jennie Scott was a member of the Thespian Club and an officer in its successor, the El Paso Literary and Music Society, as a teen. In 1881, she married Charles Scheuber, also an immigrant from Alsace, who operated a wholesale liquor business; the couple's only son, Frank, was born the following year.
In 1889, Jennie Scott Scheuber was named secretary of the Texas Spring Palace women's organization, responsible for decorating the building's White and Gold Room. She was a charter member of the Women's Wednesday Club, becoming the organization's literary director in 1890, and helped form the Associated Charities organization the same year. She was also an active member of The Woman's Club of Fort Worth, though she was critical of some of the club's rules, which she considered too old-fashioned to continue attracting new members.
Career
The Fort Worth Public Library Association and Carnegie Public Library
In April 1892, the Fort Worth Public Library Association was formed at the Scheuber home. With thirteen women as trustees and no financial backing, the group was unable to gain traction in its goal of building Fort Worth's first public library and art gallery. After the sudden death of her husband, Jennie Scott Scheuber moved to Massachusetts so her son could attend the Worcester Academy; while living in Worcester, she worked in a bookstore in order to learn the trade. Back in Fort Worth, the Fort Worth Public Library Association grew to include 426 members and secured a $50,000 grant from Andrew Carnegie to open its long-awaited public library, to be called the Carnegie Public Library of Fort Worth. In 1900, Jennie Scott Scheuber was chosen to be the city's first public librarian. In preparation, she enrolled in the Amherst College Summer School of Library Economy, the only formal library science education she would undertake in her career. The Carnegie Public Library of Fort Worth opened on October 17, 1901 and continued under Scheuber's direction until her retirement in 1938.
Jennie Scott Scheuber was instrumental in extending the public library's reach to other local communities. During World War I, she was the acting librarian at Camp Bowie and maintained small libraries at the army hospital, YMCA, and Knights of Columbus Hall. In 1921, she led the opening of the library's first branch in Fort Worth's Northside. The following year, Scheuber and the Fort Worth Public Library Association formed the Tarrant County Free Library to provide library services to smaller towns in the then largely rural area.
Fort Worth Museum of Art
Opening a public art gallery had been one of Jennie Scott Scheuber's goals since the Fort Worth Public Library Association was formed in 1892. By 1904, the second floor of the Carnegie Public Library was being used as gallery space for exhibitions sponsored by Fort Worth women's clubs. In 1910, the Fort Worth Art Association was formed within the Fort Worth Public Library Association, with Scheuber named ex officio secretary of the organization, and established the Fort Worth Museum of Art. The museum held exhibits in the Carnegie Public Library's art gallery until it officially separated from the library in 1939, shortly after Scheuber's retirement. The former Carnegie Public Library Art Gallery has undergone several name changes and shifts in mission. The Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth, as it is now known, is a world-class museum housed in a building designed by Tadao Ando in the Fort Worth Cultural District. "The Modern" is the first art museum in Fort Worth and is the oldest art museum in Texas.
Other Organizations
In addition to managing the Carnegie Public Library for 38 years, Scheuber was involved with several other civic causes and professional organizations. She was an active participant in the women's suffrage movement as an early member of the League of Women Voters, a member of the Fort Worth Equal Suffrage Association, and a delegate to Texas's Democratic convention in 1918 and 1920. Scheuber was the first woman president of the Texas Library Association; vice president of the American Federation of Arts from 1911 to 1917; and chairman of the board of the Fort Worth Children's Hospital, which she helped found in 1919. In 1928, she was presented with a portrait by American Impressionist painter Robert Vonnoh, which now hangs in Fort Worth's Central Library; she was honored as a library pioneer by the Texas Library Association in 1935.
Death
Scheuber suffered a heart attack in April 1944 and died May 2, 1944. Per her wishes, she was given a private funeral in her Arlington Heights apartment and buried in Fort Worth's Oakwood Cemetery.
References
External links
Virginia Reilly Papers (Jennie Scott Scheuber correspondence)
1860 births
1944 deaths
People from Plaquemine, Louisiana
American librarians
People from Fort Worth, Texas
American women librarians
Waverley Action for Youth Services (WAYS) is a non-profit organisation based in Eastern Suburbs of Sydney, Australia. The organisation provides a range of social support services for children and young people include a youth centre, children's activities, music tuition, alternative education, counselling, employment and training services.
WAYS provides workshops at local schools in areas such as drugs and alcohol, resilience, peer relationships and bullying.
WAYS assists at-risk teens.
History
WAYS was established in 1979, and has been assisting youth (ages 9–25) from Sydney's Eastern, Inner and Southern suburbs. Their services include recreation, education and training, case management, counselling, health promotion and clinical services.
The service was recognised by the NSW Parliament as a notable support service for the community, helping young people for over 35 years.
Russell King is the CEO.
Following allegations of a rape of a young woman in the community, Waverley Mayor Sally Betts, sought to introduce a school education program at WAYS intended for girls to minimise “risky behaviour”. The board of WAYS distanced themselves from the Mayor following criticism of the move.
WAYS runs a sexual health clinic for youth. The clinic is located in Bondi Junction.
In 2004, WAYS sought to purchase the old Bondi Police Station to provide emergency accommodation for young people in the Eastern Suburbs, news of the potential sale became publicized after the NSW Police Department revalued the property, making the cost of the sale too high for WAYS.
See also
Waverley Council
References
Non-profit organisations based in New South Wales
Youth organisations based in Australia
Shetland West is one of the seven wards used to elect members of the Shetland Islands Council. It elects three Councillors.
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2022 Shetland Islands Council election
2017 Election
2017 Shetland Islands Council election
2012 Election
2012 Shetland Islands Council election
2007 Election
2007 Shetland Islands Council election
References
Wards of Shetland
Anahide Ter Minassian born Anahide Kévonian (August 26, 1929 – February 11, 2019) was a French historian of Armenian origin who specialised in modern Armenian history, particularly the pre- and post-Soviet period of Armenian history, and the Armenian revolutionary movement.
Life
Ter Minassian was born in Paris in 1929. Her stateless Armenian parents were Levon Kévonian and Armenouhie Der-Garabédian, who taught her Armenian and refused to send her to a French school until she was seven. She would in time marry the son of Armenian statesman Ruben Ter-Minasian, Leon Ter Minassian, who was also a stateless Armenian. They had four children, including historian Taline Ter Minassian.
She went to the Sorbonne where she studied History and Geography and she became a lecturer at the end at Paris I University. In 1969 she went to work at the Sorbonne.
After 40 years of service, she was made a knight of the légion d'honneur in 2015.
Ter Minassian died in Fresnes in 2019. In 2020 a book of Vahé Oshagan's poetry, "Onction", was published in French. His poetry had been translated from Armenian by Ter Minassian.
Works
La Question Arménienne (Marseille, 1983)
Nationalism and Socialism in the Armenian Revolutionary Movement (1887-1912) (Cambridge, Mass., 1984)
1918-1920-La République d'Arménie (Bruxelles, 1989, 2006)
Histoires croisées: diaspora, Arménie, Transcaucasie (Marseille, 1997)
Smyrne, la ville oubliée?: mémoires d'un grand port ottoman, 1830-1930 (editions Autrement, 2006)
Nos terres d'enfance, l'Arménie des souvenirs, avec Houri Varjabédian (Marseille, 2010)
References
1929 births
2019 deaths
University of Paris faculty
Historians of Armenia
French people of Armenian descent
20th-century French historians
Vyagrapurisvarar Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to the deity Shiva, located at Thiruvengaivasal of Pudukkottai district in Tamil Nadu, India.
Location
The temple is situated at Annavasal taluk. This place is also known as Thiruvengaipathi.
Presiding deity
The presiding deity is known as Vyagrapurisvarar. The goddess is known as Parvatidevi. The temple tree is vanni. The presiding deity is also known as Thiruvengainathar.
Structure
The Garbhagriha faces west so that during the evening, the rays of the Sun fall on the presiding deity. Near to the deity, Vinayaka is found. There is a separate shrine for goddess. In this temple Subramania, Dakshinamurthy, Surya, Bairava, Mahalakshmi, Perumal and Sanisvara are also found. Dakshinamurthy is found in a different posture, as Ardhanarishvara Dakshinamurthy. In the prakara shrine of Muruga found in octagonal shape. Muruga is found sitting with one leg bent and sitting on one leg. No Vel or peacock is found near to him. No Navagraha is found in this temple. Instead nine Vinayakas are found in a shrine. Shrines are so set up that devotees can see the shrines of Shiva from Theradi Vinayaka, Kala Bairava from Muruga and Mahalakshmi from Perumal.
History
Once Kamadhenu had to face the wrath of Indra, and got a curse. In order to get rid from the curse she asked the advice of Kapila Munivar. He, in turn, advised her to keep her two ears filled with water and to worship Shiva. While she was practising it daily, Shiva in order to test her came in the guise of a tiger and told her that he would kill. Later Shiva, along with his consort gave darshan to her. She got rid out of the curse.
Festivals
Maha Sivaratri, Margazhi Tiruvathirai, Karthikai, and Panguni Uthiram, Vaikasi visakam (10 days) and Thaipusam are held in this temple.
References
Hindu temples in Pudukkottai district
Shiva temples in Pudukkottai district
Gypsy O'Brien (1889–1975) was a theater and film actress. Her theater performances included a role in Cheating Cheaters. She also appeared in Bunny at the Hudson Theatre. Her performance as the persecuted heroine was described as pretty and spirited. According to marketing materials she had titian hair. Her film debut was in The Soul Market in 1916. She portrayed an investigative reporter in Nothing But Lies.
Filmography
The Scarlet Runner (1916), a serial starring with Earle Williams
The Soul Market (1916)
Wanted: A Husband (1919)
Nothing but Lies (1920) directed by Lawrence C. Windom
The Master Mind (1920) with Lionel Barrymore
Salvation Nell (1921)
The Young Diana (1922)
The Broken Silence (1922)
Sinner or Saint (1923)
Little Old New York (1923)
References
External links
20th-century American actresses
1889 births
1975 deaths
Rowborough Manor (also Rodeberge, 11th century; Rowberg, 13th century; Rotirburgh, 14th century; Rowbarho, 16th century) is a manor house in the parish of Brading on the Isle of Wight.
History
Rowborough lies between Hardingshute Manor and Hill Manor. From the fact that it was held of the Confessor by the Abbot of St. Swithun's, Winchester, as an alod it may be inferred that it was included in the 50 hides at Brading reputed to have been granted to the monastery by Ine king of the West Saxons. In 1086 it was in the possession of William son of Azor. The overlordship followed the same descent as Yaverland to the Russells, John Rivers (de Riperiis) being their tenant at the end of the 13th century. The estate afterwards came to Ralph de Olne, but had lapsed before 1346 to the overlords, the Russells, and subsequently followed the same descent as Yaverland until 1846. It was then sold with the other estates of the Wright family, the purchaser being Sir William Oglander. As of 1912, the manor was owned by Mr. J. H. Oglander.
The current main property has been dated to 1720, with extensions in the 1830s and 1986, and is currently in use principally as private family accommodation with outbuildings occupied by Yinspire Yoga
References
This article includes text incorporated from William Page's "A History of the County of Hampshire: Volume 5 (1912)", a publication now in the public domain
Manor houses in England
Country houses on the Isle of Wight
Chimney Rock National Monument is a U.S. National Monument in San Juan National Forest in southwestern Colorado which includes an archaeological site. This area is located in Archuleta County, Colorado, between Durango and Pagosa Springs, and is managed for archaeological protection, public interpretation, and education. The Chimney Rock Archaeological Site has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1970. U.S. President Barack Obama created Chimney Rock National Monument by proclamation on September 21, 2012 under authority of the Antiquities Act.
Geography
Chimney Rock National Monument lies on 4,726 acres (19 km2) of San Juan National Forest land surrounded by the Southern Ute Indian Reservation. The Chimney Rock Archeological Area, listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1970, consists of a central 960 acres.
Chimney Rock itself is approximately 315 feet (96 m) tall. Next to Chimney Rock is Companion Rock, which is a popular nesting spot for the Peregrine Falcon.
The primary settlements that have been excavated lie on the ridge that eventually terminates at Chimney Rock. The ridge is mostly bedrock made of sandstone.
History
The Ancestral Puebloan site, designated on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970, was a community inhabited between Durango and Pagosa Springs about 1,000 years ago with about 200 rooms. Rooms in the buildings were used for living, work areas and ceremonial purposes.
The site is located within the San Juan National Forest Archaeological Area on 4,726 acres of land. Between May 15 and September 30 the Visitor Center is open and guided walking tours are conducted daily.
Housing approximately 2,000 ancient Pueblo Indians between AD 925 and 1125, the settlement included a Great House Pueblo with round ceremonial rooms, known as kivas, and 36 ground-floor rooms. A grizzly bear jaw found in one of the rooms when excavated suggested a reverence for the animal, and modern Chaco oral history suggests that the Bear clan originated in the Chimney Rock area.
The Chaco culture which inhabited the Chimney Rock area was hierarchical, with a priest class overseeing the area's inhabitants. The construction of the Great House Pueblo at the top of the ridge, close to Chimney Rock and its neighbor Companion Rock, had a large ceremonial role in the later years of Chacoan presence. As the moon makes its lunar cycle across the sky over a period of 18.6 years, it appears in a lunar standstill between the two rocks for approximately 16 months.
Evidence suggests that Great House Pueblo was first built in AD 1076 during a lunar standstill and expanded and finished in AD 1093 during another. It consists of 36 rooms and two kivas. Archaeologists believe that Great House Pueblo was mainly ceremonial in nature, with only one or two families living in its rooms. During certain key ceremonies, it functioned as a hotel for visiting notables, some of whom came from as far away as Chaco Canyon, in modern-day Northern New Mexico, 90 miles from Chimney Rock.
Material to build the Great House Pueblo came from downhill and was hauled by hand up the ridge line from further below. Five pithouses, titled Room A through E, probably housed the workers who built Great House Pueblo. Rooms A and B were excavated in 1921-1922 by early archaeologists, but their insufficient knowledge of how to stabilize walls, coupled with a decision to use the wood they found in the ruins for their campfires, has left little knowledge of these ruins, with little left today. The pottery was preserved and is now stored in boxes in the basement of the Anasazi Center in Durango.
Halfway between the worker's houses and the Great House Pueblo was a ruin that archaeologists named the "Guardhouse." It stretched from one side of the ridge to the other, and housed one family. Rather than serving as a defensive post against invaders, it more likely performed crowd control, keeping undesirables out of the Great House Pueblo, and letting the elites through. After excavation this ruin became extremely unstable and was eventually removed by the Forest Service for fear of visitors' safety.
The base of the trail up to Great House Pueblo begins next to a pit-house complex made up of three pit houses and accompanying workrooms. An extended, multi generational family would have lived in this complex. Excavations of the workrooms showed separate areas with grinding stones for corn and a sort of "man cave" where men would make arrowheads and tools.
The last two excavated sites are a singular pit house and the Great Kiva. The Great Kiva shows similarities to others across the southwest, with a central fire pit, diverting stone and ventilation shaft.
It also has unique features. Instead of a bench that runs the perimeter to store ritual items, several pits in the ground were built, and they are believed to be storage areas. When excavated, archaeological students found a lack of wood and other roof materials; their hypothesis was that it had no roof and was open to the air. An alternative hypothesis is that it was never finished for a number of reasons. One is that—built in 1084—it was abandoned before they finished. The other is that during construction, the builders believed it had bad spirits and didn't wish to finish.
The inhabitants of Chimney Rock abandoned the site in 1125, burning the buildings when they left. Their modern-day descendants consider the site sacred with the spirits of their ancestors, and have asked the Forest Service to refrain from further excavation out of respect.
Since the 1960s, Dr. Frank Eddy of the University of Colorado and others have studied the site, and research continues. 8 villages or settlements have been discovered in the area so far, a majority of which have remained unexcavated since Dr. Eddy's work in the early 1970s.
Utilizing the provisions of the Antiquities Act, U.S. president Barack Obama elevated the archeological site to the status of a national monument on September 21, 2012.
Guided and self-guided tours begin at the small visitor center at the base of the monument today. The guided tour comes in two parts; a quarter mile paved pathway that winds through unexcavated sites and the Great Kiva and singular pithouse, and a third mile, more strenuous dirt and rock path that runs past the pit house complex, Rooms A-E, the Guardhouse, and Great House Pueblo. The tour lasts approximately 2 1/2 hours and gives detailed information of the inhabitants and their lives.
Since it became a National Monument, Chimney Rock's volunteers and employees are pushing for a grant to build a small museum on site to display information and artifacts from excavations. Currently all artifacts are boxed and stored in museums across the Four Corners Region.
Biology
In the mid-1970s, Companion Rock was home to one of only seven remaining pairs of peregrine falcons in the Rocky Mountains region at the time. The experiences of Marcy Cottrell Houle in studying this pair of peregrine falcons was documented in her book Wings for My Flight: The Peregrine Falcons of Chimney Rock.
Peregrine falcons continue to nest in Companion Rock each year.
Educational opportunities
As part of a continuing education program, the first virtual visitors this year were 26 people on indoor stationary bicycles in Ohio. They cycled, virtually, to the Monument, around the Monument, and from the Monument, while studying its rich history.
Funding sources
Its care, protection, and preservation are shared by the Pagosa Ranger District, United States Forest Service and the public, who contribute through tour fees, donations, and purchase of items from the Chimney Rock Visitor's Center. The Chimney Rock Interpretive Program, managed and staffed by the U.S. Forest Service and volunteers of the Chimney Rock Interpretive Association, conducts daily guided walking tours and operates the Visitor Center during in-season, May 15 to September 30.
See also
List of prehistoric sites in Colorado
References
External links
United States Forest Service.gov: official Chimney Rock National Monument website
Chimney Rock Interpretive Association.org: Chimney Rock National Monument
National Monuments in Colorado
United States Forest Service National Monuments
San Juan National Forest
Ancient Puebloan archaeological sites in Colorado
Landforms of Archuleta County, Colorado
Native American history of Colorado
Protected areas of Archuleta County, Colorado
Religious places of the indigenous peoples of North America
Rock formations of Colorado
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Colorado
2012 establishments in Colorado
Protected areas established in 2012
National Monuments designated by Barack Obama
National Register of Historic Places in Archuleta County, Colorado
Parks in Archuleta County, Colorado
The Hospital Universitario 12 de Octubre is a public general hospital in the neighborhood of Orcasur, in Madrid, Spain. It is part of the hospital network of the Servicio Madrileño de Salud (SERMAS).
It is one of the healthcare institutions associated to the Complutense University of Madrid (UCM) for the purpose of clinical internship.
History
The architectural project was led by , who had Fernando Flórez Plaza and Miguel Tapia-Ruano Rodrigáñez as collaborators, Federico Mestre Rossi and José Martí Barceló were the leading structural engineers. The floor plan followed the X-shaped structure characteristic of buildings such as the Memorial Unit's Grace-New Haven Community Hospital or the Wesley Foundation Memorial Unit in Chicago. For the lower floors a sui generis hexagonal-based outline was also employed. Built in 18 months, it was inaugurated by Francisco Franco on 2 October 1973 under the name of Ciudad Sanitaria 1º de octubre ("October 1st Health City"), a nod to his appointment as Head of State on 1 October 1936. Years after the death of the dictator, on 12 October 1988, the name was changed to "12 de Octubre".
As of 2017, it has 1,256 beds.
References
Citations
Bibliography
12 de octubre
Usera
GoMidjets is an Israeli source code management and application lifecycle management (ALM) software company. Its main line of products is an enhancement toolbox for IBM Rational Software products.
History
GoMidjets was founded in 2009 by Tamir Gefen, who previously worked on configuration management and ALM projects for the Israeli Air Force. For a long time Gefen was an active participant in IBM DeveloperWorks and in other configuration management forums; he was recognized as the fourth most active DeveloperWorks contributor. After studying the forums' users' most requested features in Rational Software products Gefen started GoMidjets and developed three ClearCase plug-ins according to market needs that he learned and marketed the tools he developed through the forums.
The company received the 2010 IBM Beacon Award and the 2011 IBM Champion Award. It is in a limited partnership with IBM.
Products
ClearCheck - Health Checks for Rational ClearCase
ClearEnv - Setup Work Environments for Rational ClearCase
R&D Reporter (formerly CompBL) - Real-time Visibility and Reporting on ClearCase UCM Projects' Status
Visual Annotate - drill-down into the history of any code line in ClearCase files ("blame")
References
Software companies of Israel
Proprietary version control systems
Companies based in Petah Tikva
The Armidale Region is a local government area in the New England and Northern Tablelands regions of New South Wales, Australia. This area was formed in 2016 from the merger of the Armidale Dumaresq Shire with the surrounding Guyra Shire.
The combined area covered the urban area of Armidale and the surrounding region, extending primarily eastward from the city through farming districts to the gorges and escarpments that mark the edge of the Northern Tablelands.
The Armidale Region is administered by the Armidale Regional Council.
The Mayor of the Armidale Region is Cr. Sam Coupland, an independent politician.
History
On 1 July 2019, Tingha was transferred from Armidale Region to Inverell Shire.
Towns, villages and other locations
In addition to the main centre of and the town of Guyra, the villages located in the area include Ben Lomond, Black Mountain, Dangarsleigh, Ebor, Hillgrove, Kellys Plains, Llangothlin, and Wollomombi.
Oban is a rural location covering within the Armidale Regional LGA, with 7 residents.
Heritage listings
The Armidale Region has a number of heritage-listed sites, including the following sites in Armidale:
158 Beardy Street: Armidale Post Office
164 Beardy Street: Commercial Bank of Australia Building
216 Brown Street: Armidale railway station turntable
234 Brown Street: Armidale railway station
125 Dangar Street: Central Park, Armidale
132 Dangar Street: Saints Mary and Joseph Catholic Cathedral
108 Faulkner Street: Lands Board Office
60 Madgwick Drive: Booloominbah
122-132 Mossman Street: Old Teachers' College
36 Roseneath Lane: Roseneath
122 Rusden Street: St Peter's Cathedral
230 Saumarez Road: Saumarez Homestead
High Conservation Value Old Growth forest
Demographics
Council
Armidale Regional Council is composed of eleven Councillors elected proportionally as a single ward. All Councillors are elected for a fixed four-year term of office. The Mayor is elected by the Councillors at the first meeting of the Council. The most recent election was held on 4 December 2021, and the makeup of the Council is as follows:
The current Council, elected in 2017, in order of election, is:
See also
Local government areas of New South Wales
References
External links
Local government areas of New South Wales
New England (New South Wales)
2016 establishments in Australia
William Stephen (1 April 1928 – 23 August 2020) was an Australian rules footballer with Fitzroy Football Club. He also coached Fitzroy and Essendon.
Playing career
Fitzroy Football Club
Recruited from Thornbury CYMS and making his debut with the Fitzroy Football Club in the VFL in 1947, Stephen was one of the best defenders in the league. He won the Fitzroy Football Club best and fairest in 1950 and 1954 and played for Victoria 14 times. He went on to play 162 games and kicked 4 goals for the club, playing prominently from the back pocket position.
Coaching career
Fitzroy Football Club
Bill Stephen coached Fitzroy as senior coach on three separate occasions from 1955 to 1957, 1965 to 1970 and 1979 to 1980. His overall VFL coaching record stands at 258 matches, 84 wins, 172 losses and 2 draws, including the all-time VFL/AFL record for most games coached without a grand final appearance. He was sacked from Fitzroy in 1970 as he was recovering in hospital from pneumonia and He resigned from his final VFL coaching appointment at the end of the 1980 season, after coaching the Lions into the finals in 1979 for the first time since 1960. Stephen was replaced by Robert Walls as Fitzroy Football Club senior coach at the end of the 1980 season.
Yarrawonga Football Club
Stephen was captain / coach of Yarrawonga in the Ovens & Murray Football League from 1958 to 1963, then was their non playing coach in 1964. Stephen led Yarrawonga to their first O&MFL premiership against Bob Rose's Wangaratta Rovers in 1959.
Stephen was also the non playing coach of the Ovens & Murray Football League inter-league side in 1964.
Essendon Football Club
Stephen also coached Essendon as senior coach from 1976 to 1977, with a 16 win, 27 losses and 1 draw record. Stephen was sacked as Essendon Football Club senior coach at the end of the 1977 season. Stephen was then replaced by Barry Davis as Essendon Football Club senior coach.
Other coaching roles
He was also an assistant coach for South Melbourne and North Melbourne in between his stints at Fitzroy, Essendon, and St Kilda.
References
External links
Coaching statistics
1928 births
2020 deaths
Essendon Football Club coaches
Fitzroy Football Club players
Fitzroy Football Club coaches
Mitchell Medal winners
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Anders Bo Leif Linde (1 January 1933 – 2 October 1970) was a Swedish composer whose style resembled that of notable 20th-century neoclassical composers like Benjamin Britten and Samuel Barber.
Born in Gävle, Linde studied music theory with Eric Harald Bengtson before enrolling at the Stockholm Academy of Music in 1948, where he studied composition with Lars-Erik Larsson and piano with Olof Wibergh. In 1953, one year after leaving the academy, he went to Vienna to study conducting and traveled around Europe before returning to Sweden. His most performed pieces are his violin concerto, and his Preludio E finale for string orchestra of 1955. His piano concertos display a raucous humour, also found in his children's opera for radio Slotts-skoj (1959).
Bo Linde died of unclear health issues perhaps related to drinking,
in Gävle hospital at the age of 37.
Works
Symphonies
Symphony No. 1 (Sinfonia fantasia), op. 1 (1951)
Symphony No. 2 (dedicated to the Lions Club of Gävle), op. 23 (1960)
Symphony No. 3
Piano Concertos
Piano Concerto in E major (without op.9 (1950-51)
Piano Concerto No. 1, op.12 (1954)
Piano Concerto No. 2, op. 17 (1956)
Other Orchestral Works
Cello Concerto (written for Guido Vecchi), op. 29 (1964-65)
Violin Concerto (dedicated to Josef Grunfard), op. 18 (1957)
Concerto for Orchestra, op. 26 (1961-62)
Pezzo Concertante, op. 41 (1970)
Pensiere sopra un cantico vecchio, op.35 (1967)
A Merry Overture, op. 14 (1954)
Suite for small orchestra, op. 21 ((1959)
Old-Fashioned Suite for small string orchestra (Gammalmodig Svi), op. 13 (1954)
Ballet Blanc, Divertisment for orchestra, op. 3 (1952)
Suite Boulogne, op. 32 (1966)
There is also chamber music for a variety of instruments, choral music, and a large number of songs.
Further reading
References
1933 births
1970 suicides
20th-century classical composers
Swedish classical composers
People from Gävle
The Chester Ronning Centre for the Study of Religion and Public Life is a research centre on the University of Alberta's Augustana Campus in Camrose, Alberta. It is the first such centre in a public university in Canada to focus on the intersection of religion and public life.
Background
The Ronning Centre is named in for Chester Alvin Ronning, Canadian diplomat and principal of Camrose Lutheran College from 1927 to 1942. The Chester Ronning Centre for the Study of Religion and Public Life grew from the merger of Augustana University College with the University of Alberta in 2004. The centre's activities involve a diversity of communities. It seeks to enhance debate on contested issues through lively discussion.
References
External links
Chester Ronning Centre for the Study of Religion and Public Life
Schools of religion
Research institutes in Canada
Religion in Canada
Educational organizations based in Alberta
University of Alberta
Camrose, Alberta
Religion and society
Richard Anthony "Tony" Stradling (1937-2002), was a notable English semiconductor physicist, latterly professor of physics at Imperial College London.
Biography
Tony Stradling was born in Solihull, Warwickshire. He received his early education at Solihull School.
He took a First in physics from Brasenose College, Oxford, in 1955, followed by his DPhil studies in the Clarendon Laboratory, Oxford. He was appointed University Lecturer at Oxford and Fellow of Christ Church in 1968. In 1978 he took up the Chair of Natural Philosophy at St Andrews University. He remained in Scotland until 1984, when he moved back to England as Professor of Physics at Imperial College. He held this position until his retirement shortly before his death.
His early work was on the cyclotron resonance of semiconductors moving to magnetophonon resonance. He and his team of students used this effect to investigate a wide range of phenomena in the II-VI, III-V and elemental semiconductors. He pioneered the use of infra-red gas lasers combined with high magnetic fields to carry out cyclotron resonance and impurity spectroscopy measurements. Hydrostatic pressure was another tool for investigating band structure and impurity states in semiconductors that he exploited, particularly at St Andrews. He also investigated the spin and giant magnetoresistance properties of the narrow gap III-V compounds.
One of the legacies of Stradling's research is his measurement of the effective masses and band parameters of many semiconductor materials, which continue to remain useful for semiconductor technologists. For example, his team's measurements of the effective masses of carriers in the III-V compounds are used to design lasers and fast transistors. These devices are used in electronics, optoelectronics and data storage.
Tony's appointment to a Chair of Physics at Imperial College London rapidly established Imperial as a leading international centre in semiconductor physics. His international renown was enhanced by his editorship of the journal Semiconductor Science and Technology, which he was instrumental in founding.
Tony Stradling lived in Oxford and commuted to London daily. He died on 26 November 2002.
Honours
He was awarded the Institute of Physics C V Boys Prize in 1975. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 1981.
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20070204001807/http://www.bnc.ox.ac.uk/bnc_society/BoundBrazenose.pdf
External links
Semiconductor Science and Technology journal
1937 births
2002 deaths
People from Solihull
Alumni of Brasenose College, Oxford
Fellows of Christ Church, Oxford
Academics of the University of St Andrews
Academics of Imperial College London
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
English physicists
Semiconductor physicists
El Monte High School in El Monte, California, is a public high school of the El Monte Union High School District. It is one of the oldest high schools in the San Gabriel Valley. Founded in 1901, it began operation in a single, upstairs classroom in the old Lexington Avenue Grammar School, with an enrollment of 12-15 students. By 1908, the high school had its own campus and 65 students. Today, enrollment is approximately 2000. Over 80% of students are of Hispanic origin and over 17% are characterized as Asian/Pacific Islander.
Notable alumni
Tom Morgan, Major League Baseball player
Fred Lynn, Major League Baseball player
Doug Griffin, Major league Baseball player
Albie Pearson, Major League Baseball player
Leonard Nathan, poet
Sandra Neilson, Olympic swimming 3-time gold medalist
Bill Shoemaker, horse racing Hall of Fame jockey, did not graduate
Felipe Rodriguez (soccer), retired soccer player
Lance Larson, Olympic swimming gold and silver medalist
William W. Norton, screenwriter
Don Cheto, Mexican American radio and television personality, comedian
References
High schools in Los Angeles County, California
Public high schools in California
El Monte, California
1901 establishments in California
Educational institutions established in 1901
Chemmanam Chacko (Malayalam:ചെമ്മനം ചാക്കോ) (March 7, 1926 – August 14, 2018) was an Indian satirical poet from Kerala, India. He died on 15 August 2018 at the age of 92 at his residence in Padamugal.
Early life
Chacko was born on 7 March 1926, in the village of Mulakulam in erstwhile Travancore. His father was an Orthodox Christian priest. He did his early schooling in Saint Joseph's school, Piravom, and went on to receive his BA honours in Malayalam literature with first rank from University College, Trivandrum. He worked as a professor at Mar Ivanios College and the Department of Malayalam, University of Kerala.
Poetry
Chacko's first published poem was 'Munnottu' (Forward) which appeared in a local weekly in 1946. The poem 'Kanakaaksharangal' published in 1967 brought him popularity. Chemmanam is famed for efficiently utilising satire in his poems as a means of social and political critique. His poetic style has often drawn comparison to the early Malayalam language poet Kunjan Nambiar. His 1977 poetry collection Rajapatha won the Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award. He was conferred with the lifetime achievement award for literature by the Kerala Sahitya Akademi in 2006. He received the Mahakavi Pandalam Keralavarma Award for Poetry in 2014.
List of poems
Vilamparam (Proclamation) (1947)
Kanakaaksharangal (Golden Letters) (1967)
Nellu (Rice) (1968)
Innu (Today) (1969)
Puthari (Fresh Rice) (1970)
Asthram (Arrow) (1971)
Agneyaasthram (Fire-arrow) (1972)
Dukkhanthinte Chiri (Laughter of sorrow) (1973)
Aavanazhi (Quiver) (1974)
Jaithrayaathra (Victory Parade) (1975)
Rajapaatha (Royal Path) (1976)
Daahajalam (Water for Thirst) (1981)
Bhoomikulukkam (Earthquake) (1983)
Ampum Villum (Bow and Arrow) (1986)
Raajavinu Vasthramilla (King is naked) (1989)
Aalilla Kaserakal (Empty Chairs) (1991)
Chinteru (Plane - as in tool for timber work) (1995)
Narma Sankadam (Light Sadness) (1997)
Onnu Onnu Randaayiram (1-1-2000) (2000)
Ottayaal Pattaalam (One-man Army) (2003)
Ottayaante Choonduviral (Pointing finger of a lone Elephant) (2007)
Akshara Poraattam (War of Words) (2009)
Akshara Poraali (Warrior of words) (2010)
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20170103094448/http://www.kaumudi.com/innerpage1.php?newsid=74461
External links
Malayalam authors
Collection of poems and essays by Chemmanam Chacko
Speech by Chemmanam
1926 births
2018 deaths
Writers from Kottayam
Indian male poets
Malayalam-language writers
20th-century Indian poets
Malayalam poets
Recipients of the Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award
Poets from Kerala
20th-century Indian male writers
University of Kerala faculty
Dibgashi () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Dibgashinsky Selsoviet, Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,131 as of 2010. There are 3 streets.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
Geography
Dibgashi is located 9 km east of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kalkni and Gunakari are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
Oak Grove is a populated place in Dillon County, South Carolina, United States.
Geography
Drake is located at latitude 34.352 and longitude –79.543. The elevation is 131 feet.
Demographics
References
External links
Unincorporated communities in Dillon County, South Carolina
Unincorporated communities in South Carolina
Mercurialis is a genus of plants in the family Euphorbiaceae, the spurges, known commonly as the mercuries. These are slender herbs (forbs), rhizomatious perennials and woody perennials, native to Europe, North Africa, and Asia.
Species
Mercurialis annua L. – most of Europe, North Africa, the Middle East (from Turkey to Iran and Qatar), and islands of the eastern Atlantic (Canary Islands, Azores, Madeira, etc.)
Mercurialis canariensis Obbard & S.A.Harris – Canary Islands
Mercurialis corsica Coss. & Kralik – Corsica, Sardinia
Mercurialis elliptica Lam. – Spain, Portugal, Morocco
Mercurialis huetii Hanry – Spain, France, Morocco
Mercurialis leiocarpa Siebold & Zucc. – China, Japan, Korea, Ryukyu Islands, Thailand, Assam, Bhutan, Nepal
Mercurialis × longifolia Lam. – Spain, Portugal, France (M. annua × M. tomentosa)
Mercurialis ovata Sternb. & Hoppe – C + E Europe and SW Asia from Germany + Italy to Russia + Syria
Mercurialis × paxii Graebn. – C + E Europe from Germany to Crimea (M. ovata × M. perennis)
Mercurialis perennis L. – most of Europe plus Algeria, Caucasus, Turkey, Iran
Mercurialis reverchonii Rouy – Spain, Morocco
Mercurialis tomentosa L. – Spain, Portugal, France, Balearic Islands
formerly included
transferred to other genera (Acalypha Adenocline Claoxylon Leidesia Micrococca Seidelia Speranskia )
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
GRIN Genus Profile
Acalypheae
Euphorbiaceae genera
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
The Marmot's Hole was a weblog by American writer Robert J Koehler dealing with Korean politics and society. It was believed to be the most widely read English-language blog dealing with Korea-related topics. Because of this status, it was frequently used as a source for news stories about the expat community. In addition, many international sources turned to it for reaction after the 2006 North Korean nuclear test. The Marmot's Hole also received attention from Korean media, notably on the occasion of its recommendation for Americans to thank South Korea for aid following Hurricane Katrina. The blog first gained media attention in 2004, with a Korea Times piece on expat blogs. Citing a lack of motivation to continue the blog, it was closed by the owner, Robert, in December 2015.
Notes
External links
The Marmot's Hole
South Korean websites
Salah Aboud Mahmoud (born 1942; Arabic: صلاح عبود محمود) is a former Iraqi Army general, best known for his role in Battle of Khafji and 73 Eastings, during the Gulf War.
Career
On January 29, 1991, Mahmoud took part in battle with coalition forces to take control of the Saudi Arabian city of Khafji. Mahmoud also took part in the Iran–Iraq War of 1980–1988, along with the tank battle of 73 Eastings.
Mahmoud was appointed commander of the Iraqi Third Corps in the aftermath of the Iran–Iraq War, a regular process in the Iraqi military to ensure that former high-ranking officers did not pose a threat to the Ba'athist Iraqi government. He was later governor of Dhi Qar Province, a Shia province which had briefly been taken by the 1991 Iraqi insurgency before it was brutally suppressed.
1990s
In December 1994, Major-General Wafiq Al-Samarrai defected to Jordan and called on officers to revolt against Saddam Hussein's regime. Mahmoud was one of them he called on. He did not, and despite his connections to many of the purged officers he was never executed. Rather, he was gradually forced out of his government roles. President Hussein divided Iraq into four administrative regions in 1998. Many expected Mahmoud would be recalled to the military and appointed to the Central Euphrates governorship as governor Mizban had been dismissed. However this did not come to pass and Mizban was reinstated.
Invasion of Iraq
After the invasion of Iraq in March 2003, Mahmoud disappeared and his current whereabouts are unknown.
See also
List of people who disappeared
References
Kenneth Pollack, Arabs at War: Military Effectiveness 1948–1991, University of Nebraska Press, 2002, p. 243–244.
Spencer C. Tucker and Priscilla Mary Roberts, The Encyclopedia of Middle East Wars, October 2010, page 763.
1950 births
2000s missing person cases
Iraqi military personnel
Missing aviators
Missing person cases in Iraq
Yuankang may refer to:
Yuankang, Henan (原康), a town in Linzhou, Henan, China
Historical eras
Yuankang (元康, 65BC–61BC), an era name used by Emperor Xuan of Han
Yuankang (元康, 291–299), an era name used by Emperor Hui of Jin
Milk Cult was an American, San Francisco-based, electronic band. Founded as a studio-only project in 1990, the band's nucleus comprises musicians Dale Flattum, Eric Holland and Mike Morasky. Morasky and Flattum are also known for being founding members of the noise/industrial rock group Steel Pole Bath Tub, which the duo continued their involvement with concurrent to Milk Cult. Milk Cult is known for their found-sound experiments and dense sample-based compositions, as well as their collaborations with numerous musical acts, including Faith No More, Jawbreaker, Grotus, Neurosis, Thinking Fellers Union Local 282 and The Geraldine Fibbers.
History
Milk Cult was founded in 1990 and issued their debut album, titled Love God in 1992 on Boner Records. The album contained music inspired by the group's score for the Frank Grow film of the same title. Burn or Bury followed in 1994 and featured the collaborative efforts of Mike Patton, Billy Gould, Lars Fox, Carla Bozulich, Blake Schwarzenbach, Paul Reller, Dave Edwardson, Scott Kelly and Steve Von Till. Bruse Lee Marvin Gaye was released in 1995 and featured music recorded in 1994 with Japanese musicians Masaya Nakahara, Hideki Yoshimura, Hidekazu Miyahara and Pop Suzuki.
In 1997, Milk Cult was contacted by the French government and offered an opportunity to participate in a Marseille-based art collective. The group obliged and traveled to France to record for a year, with their efforts eventually surfacing as the material for their fourth album. Titled Project M-13, the album featured numerous guests and embraced world music while continuing to experiment with sampling and hip hop beats.
After the release of Project M-13 the members of Milk Cult devoted themselves to separate projects. Morasky turned his focus to movie special-effects and worked as a technician on The Lord of the Rings films. Continuing the found-sound experiments of Milk Cult but in a more accessible form, Flattum and former Steel Pole Bath Tub drummer Darren Morey formed Novex, who released an album titled Kleptophonica in 2002. Eric Holland released his debut solo album Borders, Battles & Beers in 2010 and continues to work as a music engineer, recording with musical acts such as Mike Patton and his band Tomahawk.
Discography
Love God (Boner Records, 1992)
Burn or Bury (Priority Records, 1994)
Bruse Lee Marvin Gaye (ZK Records, 1995)
Project M-13 (0 To 1 Records, 2000)
References
External links
Musical groups established in 1990
Musical groups disestablished in 2000
1990 establishments in California
Musical groups from California
Musical groups from San Francisco
American electro-industrial music groups
Boner Records artists
The 1945 Washington Senators won 87 games, lost 67, and finished in second place in the American League. They were managed by Ossie Bluege and played their home games at Griffith Stadium, where they drew 652,660 fans, fourth-most in the eight-team league. The 1945 Senators represented the 45th edition of the Major League Baseball franchise and were the last of the 20th-century Senators to place higher than fourth in the American League; the team moved to Minneapolis–Saint Paul in 1961 to become the modern Minnesota Twins.
When the regular season ended on September 30, Washington trailed the pennant-winning Detroit Tigers (88–65) by 1 games. But because of World War II travel restrictions and the need to convert Griffith Stadium's playing field to host its autumn football tenants, the NFL Washington Redskins and Georgetown University, the Senators' 1945 schedule had actually ended seven days before, on Sunday, September 23. On that day, the "Griffs" stood one full game behind 86–64 Detroit. As the idle Senators waited, the Tigers had four games to play, two each against the fifth-place Cleveland Indians and third-place St. Louis Browns. After splitting against the Indians, Detroit was rained out for three days in St. Louis. When the Tigers defeated the Browns 6–3 in the first game of the doubleheader on September 30 (on a come-from-behind, grand slam home run by Hank Greenberg), the Senators were mathematically eliminated and Detroit clinched the pennant. The second game of the twin bill was rained out.
Outstanding pitching drove the 1945 Senators' success. Washington led the American League in team earned run average (2.92). Its starting rotation featured four knuckleball artists—Roger Wolff, Dutch Leonard, Johnny Niggeling and Mickey Haefner—who combined for 60 victories. Wolff and Leonard posted sterling 2.12 and 2.13 earned run averages, third and fourth in the league.
Regular season
August 4, 1945: Handicapped Senators coach Bert Shepard pitched in a game against the Red Sox. Shepard had an artificial leg but managed to give up only one run in innings while striking out two Red Sox batters.
September 7, 1945: Washington first baseman Joe Kuhel homers off the Browns' Bob Muncrief to provide the winning margin in a 3–2 Senator victory at Griffith Stadium. It is the only four-bagger struck all season by the Senators in 78 home games in their spacious ballpark—and it was an inside-the-park job. Opposing teams hit only six home runs themselves in 1945 at Washington's home field.
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
Notes
References
1945 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1945 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Washington
Lenište is a village in Municipality of Prilep in North Macedonia.
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
The Rivière du Nord is a tributary of the north bank of the Gabriel River, which flows west to empty onto the east bank of the rivière du Pin which has its tower flows north to the south bank of the rivière du Sud (Montmagny); the latter flows first west, then north-east to the south shore of the St. Lawrence River, in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Quebec, in Canada.
The Rivière du Nord crosses the regional county municipalities (MRC) of:
Montmagny Regional County Municipality: municipality of Saint-Paul-de-Montminy;
Bellechasse Regional County Municipality: municipality of Saint-Philémon.
Geography
The Rivière du Nord has its source in a mountainous area in the sixth rang in the municipality of Saint-Paul-de-Montminy in the Notre Dame Mountains. This source is located northwest of Lake Gosselin.
From its source, the North River "flows in a valley steeped in according to the following segments:
west, up to the fifth rang road;
west, to route 216 which it crosses on the west side of the village of Saint-Paul-de-Montminy;
southwesterly, along route 216 on the north side, to the confluence of Tanguay stream;
westward, up to the limit between Saint-Paul-de-Montminy and Saint-Philémon;
towards the west, crossing the Gabriel road, until its confluence.
The North River "flows on the north bank of the Gabriel River. This confluence is located on the south side of route 216 and at upstream of the confluence of the Gabriel River.
Toponymy
The toponym Rivière du Nord was formalized on February 8, 1977, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Bellechasse Regional County Municipality
Montmagny Regional County Municipality
Mandsaur Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 29 Lok Sabha constituencies in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh. This constituency covers the entire Mandsaur and Neemuch districts and part of Ratlam district.
Assembly segments
Presently, Mandsour Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following eight Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) segments:
Members of Parliament
Election results
General Elections 2019
General Elections 2014
General Elections 2009
References
See also
Mandsaur district
Neemuch district
List of Constituencies of the Lok Sabha
Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh
Mandsaur district
Neemuch district
Mycoplasma hominis is a species of bacteria in the genus Mycoplasma. M.hominis has the ability to penetrate the interior of human cells. Along with ureaplasmas, mycoplasmas are the smallest free-living organisms known.
They have no cell wall and therefore do not Gram stain.
Mycoplasma hominis is associated with pelvic inflammatory disease and bacterial vaginosis. It is also associated with male infertility. This species causes a sexually transmitted disease. It is susceptible to the antibiotic clindamycin.
Growth of "fried egg" colonies on glucose agar medium within 24–48 hours is a characteristic of Mycoplasma hominis.
This pathogen may latently infect the chorionic villi tissues of pregnant women, thereby impacting pregnancy outcome.
Biology and biochemistry
Type and morphology
Mycoplasma hominis is an opportunistic human mycoplasma species residing in the lower urogenital tract. It is a common human urogenital Mycoplasma species that lacks a cell wall. Due to the absence of the cell wall, M. hominis is innately resistant to β-lactams and to all antibiotics which target the cell wall. Additionally, it is the simplest self-replicating microorganism known. This reaps consequences such as a lack of detection by light microscopy, and complex nutritional requirements. Due to the fact that it does not have a cell wall, Mycoplasma hominis does not gram stain although it is surprisingly often described as gram-negative.
The morphology is quite variable and seems to depend, in part, on the age of the culture as the smallest form observed, coming from the elementary body, is 80mµ to 100mµ wide in diameter. Different cell forms have been observed varying from coccoid cells to filaments and irregularly shaped structures with coccoid forms and ring- or disc-shaped cells reigning predominant. Coccal forms of the species are associated with binary fission while fragmentary filaments, and budding cells were also encountered. This fact along with the fact that in different labs, the same strains grew at different rates, leads to the conclusion that cultural conditions have influenced the rate of division and cellular morphology in this species.
The internal components of the much larger cells in the species are also variable. These cells can contain different structures such as ribosome-like granules, nuclear areas of netlike strands, dense cytoplasmic bodies and large vacuoles. These observations indicate multiple modes of reproduction for this organism.
Metabolism
Analysis of the M. hominis PG21 genome sequence shows that this organism is the second smallest genome among self-replicating free living organisms. Due to their minimal genomes, M. hominis have reduced metabolic capabilities which are characterized by distinct energy-generating pathways. Three energy pathways that M. hominis is capable of going through is Embden-Meyerhoff-Parnas (EMP), arginine dihydrolase and Riboflavin metabolism.
Culture growth
Cells of M. hominis prepared from batch cultures show uniform exponential growth and appear to divide through the process of binary fission with pleomorphic forms appearing upon further incubation. Similar behavior was demonstrated by another laboratory-adapted strain and by three other clinical isolates, making this seem characteristic of the species. M. hominis grows in a variety of defined laboratory media, such as arginine broth and can also be cultivated in water. Growth in this species, as well as all species of mycoplasmas, is driven by anaerobic respiration.
Role in disease
Site of localization
The primary sites of localization for M. hominis is the oropharynx and the genitourinary tract with positive pathogenicity. It is capable of infecting human beings as well as non-human primates.
Mycoplasma hominis is more than likely implicated in many different diseases, but its role is unclear for most of them. M. hominis is implicated in pelvic inflammatory disease, which may cause ectopic pregnancy. It prospers in the environment created by other gram negative bacteria implicated in bacterial vaginosis and may be a cause of preterm delivery and miscarriage. It is also implicated in postpartum fever, because it may be a cause of endometritis. M. hominis is also suspected to be the cause of neonatal infections such as conjunctivitis, respiratory distress, fever, meningitis, abscesses, and congenital pneumonia. In adults, M. hominis may be implicated in pharyngitis, septicaemia, lung infections, central nervous system infections, other respiratory tract infections, joint infection, and wound infections. M. hominis infections are usually not seen in healthy adults.
Incubation period
The incubation period of M. hominis is unknown.
Treatment
Many antibiotics kill bacteria by weakening those walls but since mycoplasma bacteria don't have them, some antibiotics, like penicillin, won't work against them.
Oral tetracyclines have historically been the drugs of choice for use against urogenital and systemic infections due to M. hominis. In locations and patient populations where tetracycline resistance or treatment failures are common, other drugs such as fluoroquinolones should be considered guided by in vitro susceptibility data when possible.
Some infections may be treated by a single antibiotic. In other cases such as severe M. hominis infections occurring in immunocompromised patients, combination of drugs usually active against the mycoplasmas have been recommended. In those cases, guidelines for optimal therapy remain to be established. Current therapeutic considerations are based only upon case reports.
Prevention
The bacterium is often passed through sex, so to help keep this infection away, safe sex practices should be used.
Genome studies
DNA sequence data is incomplete for M. hominis. M. hominis uses an atypical type of energy metabolism, dependent upon the degradation of arginine. Other mycoplasmas lack this characteristic. Determining the genome will provide information that would facilitate the understanding of metabolic reconstitutions.
See also
Sexually transmitted disease
Vaginal infection
Vaginal disease
List of bacterial vaginosis microbiota
References
Further reading
Pignanelli S, Pulcrano G, Schiavone P, Iula VD, Catania MR. In vitro antimicrobial susceptibility of Mycoplasma hominis genital isolates. Indian J Dermatol Venereol Leprol. 2015 May-Jun;81(3):286-8. doi: 10.4103/0378-6323.153520.
External links
Ureaplasma Infection: eMedicine Infectious Diseases
Kenyon College Microbe Wiki for some images of mycoplasmas
Type strain of Mycoplasma hominis at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Sexually transmitted diseases and infections
Pathogenic bacteria
Infections with a predominantly sexual mode of transmission
Bacterial vaginosis
Bacteria described in 1955
hominis
The 1958 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 27th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18.
Meath entered the championship as defending champions, however, they were defeated in the Leinster Championship.
On 28 September 1958, Dublin won the championship following a 2-02 to 0-8 defeat of Mayo in the All-Ireland final. This was their sixth All-Ireland title overall and their first in two championship seasons.
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
Down win the Ulster Championship for the first time in their history.
References
1958
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Fenton Lee Bland Jr. (born March 7, 1962) is an American mortician and former Democratic member of the Virginia House of Delegates. Successful in his first bid for office in 2001, he was subsequently reelected.
But he resigned in 2005 after pleading guilty to the crime of conspiracy to commit bank fraud which included bilking an elderly man of property and committing forgery to do so. He was released from Federal Correctional Institution, Cumberland after serving 20 months of a 57-month sentence.
References
External links
1962 births
Members of the Virginia House of Delegates
Virginia Democrats
Virginia State University alumni
Politicians from Petersburg, Virginia
21st-century American politicians
Virginia politicians convicted of crimes
Living people
The Wuxi Classic was a professional snooker tournament held from 2008 to 2014 in the city of Wuxi, China. It was a ranking event from 2012 through 2014. For the 2015/16 season, World Snooker reduced the number of ranking events held in China, which saw the tournament replaced by the snooker World Cup, also held in Wuxi. The last champion was Neil Robertson, who won the event in 2013 and retained his title in 2014.
History
The event was introduced in 2008 as the Jiangsu Classic and was the third Main Tour event held in China. The tournament was played on a round-robin basis, with semi-finals and a final. The event's name was changed to Wuxi Classic in 2010, and the round-robin stage was abandoned.
In 2012 the tournament became a ranking event, and the Chinese organisers signed a five-year contract with prize money starting at £400,000 and increasing to £450,000 by 2014. In 2013 the tournament became the first to use a new format, where every player started in the first round. It was staged at the Wuxi City Sports Park Stadium, Wuxi, China.
There were three maximum breaks in the history of the tournament. The first was compiled by Mark Selby against Joe Perry in the group stage of the 2009 event. In 2012 Stuart Bingham became the third player to compile a 147 break in a ranking final. In the qualifying stage of the 2013 event Neil Robertson made the third maximum break against Mohamed Khairy.
Winners
References
Recurring sporting events established in 2008
2008 establishments in China
Snooker non-ranking competitions
Snooker ranking tournaments
Snooker competitions in China
Sport in Jiangsu
Defunct snooker competitions
The 2015 Philippine Basketball Association (PBA) Commissioner's Cup Finals was the best-of-seven championship series of the 2015 PBA Commissioner's Cup, and the conclusion of the conference's playoffs. Rain or Shine and Talk 'N Text competed for the 15th Commissioner's Cup championship and the 114th overall championship contested by the league.
Background
Road to the finals
Head-to-head matchup
Series summary
*number of overtimes
Game 1
Game 2
Game 3
Game 4
Game 5
Game 6
Game 7
Rosters
{| class="toccolours" style="font-size: 95%; width: 100%;"
|-
! colspan="2" style="background-color: #; color: #; text-align: center;" | Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters 2015 Commissioner's Cup roster
|- style="background-color:#; color: #; text-align: center;"
! Players !! Coaches
|-
| valign="top" |
{| class="sortable" style="background:transparent; margin:0px; width:100%;"
! Pos. !! # !! POB !! Name !! Height !! Weight !! !! College
|-
{| class="toccolours" style="font-size: 95%; width: 100%;"
|-
! colspan="2" style="background-color: #; color: #; text-align: center;" | Rain or Shine Elasto Painters 2015 Commissioner's Cup roster
|- style="background-color:#; color: #; text-align: center;"
! Players !! Coaches
|-
| valign="top" |
{| class="sortable" style="background:transparent; margin:0px; width:100%;"
! Pos. !! # !! POB !! Name !! Height !! Weight !! !! College
|-
also serves as Rain or Shine's board governor.
Broadcast notes
Additional Game 7 crew:
Trophy presentation: Dominic Uy and Carla Lizardo
Dugout interviewer: Sel Guevara
References
External links
PBA official website
2015
2014–15 PBA season
Rain or Shine Elasto Painters games
TNT Tropang Giga games
PBA Commissioner's Cup Finals
The Royal Halifax Infirmary was a hospital in Halifax, West Yorkshire, England, which opened in 1896 and closed in 2001.
History
Earlier hospitals
The predecessors of the Royal Halifax Hospital were the Halifax Dispensary (1807-c.1836) in Hatters Close, and the Halifax Infirmary or Halifax Infirmary and Dispensary in Blackwall, opposite Holy Trinity Church, from 1838. George Townsend Andrews, best known as a railway architect, designed the 1838 premises, which were demolished after 1896. The West Yorkshire Archive Service holds the records of both of these institutions in addition to those of the infirmary.
From 1896
The infirmary's building in Free School Lane, Halifax, was opened on 28 April 1896 by the Duke and Duchess of York (the future George V and Queen Mary), who also opened the town's Borough Market that day. It is said that Queen Victoria had given permission for it to be named the "Halifax Royal Infirmary" but that the duke announced the wrong name, which was then retained.
It became part of the National Health Service in 1948, and was part of the Calderdale Healthcare NHS Trust, which in 2001 merged into the Calderdale and Huddersfield NHS Foundation Trust. The hospital was closed in 2001 on the opening of the new Calderdale Royal Hospital.
After closure some of the buildings were converted to residential use and known as "The Royal". Eleven blocks of the buildings, and a lodge and elements of the boundary walls, are Grade II listed buildings.
Notable people
Euphemia Steele Innes, RRC, DN (1874–1055), Scottish nurse. From 1906 to 1907 she was a assistant matron at the Royal Halifax Infirmary; from 1912 to 1913 she was matron there.
References
Defunct hospitals in England
Hospitals in West Yorkshire
Buildings and structures in Halifax, West Yorkshire
Hospitals established in 1896
1896 establishments in England
Hospitals disestablished in 2001
2001 disestablishments in England
Grade II listed hospital buildings
Grade II listed buildings in West Yorkshire
Scanzano Jonico is a town and comune in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Farnaq () may refer to:
Farnaq, Delijan
Farnaq, Khomeyn
Tímea Babos and Sloane Stephens were the defending champions but were no longer eligible to compete as juniors.
Eugenie Bouchard and Grace Min defeated Demi Schuurs and Tang Haochen in the final, 5–7, 6–2, 7–5 to win the girls' doubles tennis title at the 2011 Wimbledon Championships.
Seeds
Daria Gavrilova / Daria Salnikova (withdrew)
Eugenie Bouchard / Grace Min (champions)
Barbara Haas / Anett Kontaveit (second round)
Ashleigh Barty / Miho Kowase (quarterfinals, withdrew)
Victoria Duval / Zarah Razafimahatratra (second round)
Jesika Malečková / Chantal Škamlová (second round)
Victoria Bosio / Patricia Kú Flores (first round)
Montserrat González / Ganna Poznikhirenko (second round)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
External links
Girls' Doubles
Wimbledon Championship by year – Girls' doubles
The Kosmos-1 (GRAU Index: 65S3, also known as Cosmos-1) was a Soviet carrier rocket (Kosmos (rocket family)), derived from the R-14 missile, which was used to orbit satellites in 1964 and 1965. It served as an interim, and was quickly replaced by the Kosmos-3. Eight were flown, and all launches occurred from Site 41/15 at the Baikonur Cosmodrome.
Initial development was authorised in October 1961, leading to a maiden flight on 18 August 1964, carrying three Strela satellites. Strela-1 satellites were flown on seven flights, with three satellites on each of the first four flights, and five satellites on the next three flights. The eighth, and final, flight carried a single Strela-2 satellite. All flights were successful except the second.
Launch history
See also
Kosmos-2I
Kosmos-3M
References
Space launch vehicles of the Soviet Union
Vehicles introduced in 1964
1964 in spaceflight
1965 in spaceflight
Shetland Central is one of the seven wards used to elect members of the Shetland Islands Council. It elects three Councillors.
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2022 Shetland Islands Council election
2019 By-election
2017 Election
2017 Shetland Islands Council election
2012 Election
2012 Shetland Islands Council election
2007 Election
2007 Shetland Islands Council election
References
Wards of Shetland
Timaeta is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are found in the Neotropical realm.
Species
Timaeta aepea (Hewitson, 1874)
Timaeta balzabamba (Goodson, 1945)
Timaeta christina Robbins & Busby, 2008
Timaeta cospata Robbins & Busby, 2008
Timaeta eronos (Druce, 1890)
Timaeta gabriela Busby & Robbins, 2008
Timaeta matthewi Busby & Robbins, 2008
Timaeta molinopampa (Bálint & Wojtusiak, 2000)
Timaeta pilosa Robbins & Busby, 2008
Timaeta roberti Busby & Robbins, 2008
Timaeta romero Robbins & Busby, 2008
Timaeta timaeus (C. & R.Felder, 1865)
Timaeta trochus (Druce, 1907)
Timaeta walkeri Robbins & Busby, 2008
Timaeta werneri (Salazar, Vélez, Cardona & Johnson, 1997)
External links
"Timaeta Johnson, Kruse & Kroenlein, 1997" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
Anbalippu () is a 1969 Indian Tamil-language film, directed by A. C. Tirulokchandar and produced by S. Gandhiraj. The film stars Sivaji Ganesan, B. Sarojadevi, Vijayanirmala and Jaishankar. The film had musical score by M. S. Viswanathan. The film was hit at box-office.
Plot
Cast
Sivaji Ganesan as Velu
B. Saroja Devi as Valli
Vijayanirmala as Meena
Jaishankar as Raja
Pandari Bai as Raja's mother
M. N. Nambiar as Vasudevan
V. K. Ramasamy as Neelamegam Pillai
T. R. Ramachandran as Nayar
Nagesh as Shanmugam
Sachu as Chandra
Karuppu Subbiah as Thangam
Senthamarai as Veerasamy
Geethanjali as Dancer
Pakoda Kadhar as Shanmugam's sidekick
Loose Mohan as the buyer
Soundtrack
Music was composed by M. S. Viswanathan and lyrics were written by Kannadasan.
References
External links
1960s Tamil-language films
1969 films
Films directed by A. C. Tirulokchandar
Films scored by M. S. Viswanathan
Brynjar Þór Björnsson (born 11 July 1988) is an Icelandic basketball player and a former member of the Icelandic national team. He has won the Icelandic championship eight times and the Icelandic Basketball Cup three times with KR and is the club's all-time leader in scoring and games played.
College
Brynjar played for Francis Marion University from 2008 to 2009. He left the school in January 2009.
Playing career
Brynjar has spent the majority of his playing career with KR and is its all-time leader in games played. In the fifth and deciding game of the 2007 Úrvalsdeild Finals against Snæfell, Brynjar made a three-point shot with 3 seconds left in regulation to tie the game at 68–68 and send it to overtime. KR prevailed in overtime, winning the game 76–74 and its tenth national championship.
Brynjar joined Jämtland Basket of the Swedish Basketligan in 2011 and for the season he averaged 10.4 points per game and made 40.8 percent of his three point shots.
He rejoined KR in 2012 and helped the club win the national championship four times in a row, from 2014 to 2017. He resigned with KR in 2017 after contemplating a move to Þór Akureyri.
On November 10, 2017, Brynjar became KR's all-time leading scorer in the Úrvalsdeild, surpassing Guðni Ólafur Guðnason who scored 3144 points for KR. On March 12, 2018, Brynjar broke a finger on practice and was expected to miss KR's first round playoff series against Njarðvík.
On April 25, 2018, Brynjar scored a buzzer beater to give KR a 75–77 victory against Tindastóll and a 2–1 lead in the Úrvalsdeild finals series. On April 28, he won his eight Icelandic championship after KR defeated Tindastóll in the fourth game of the series.
On June 8, 2018, Brynjar left KR and signed with rivals Tindastóll. On 30 September, he won the Icelandic Super Cup after Tindastóll beat KR, 103–72. On December 9, Brynjar set the Úrvalsdeild record for most three-pointers made in a game when he made 16 of 31 three-point shots, on his way to 48 points, in a victory against Breiðablik, breaking Frank Booker's 27-year-old record. In April 2019, Tindastóll agreed to release him from his contract following the team's first round exit in the Úrvalsdeild playoffs.
On 29 June 2019, Brynjar returned to KR. On 5 March 2020 he announced he would not play in KR's upcoming game against Stjarnan due to the coronavirus pandemic in Iceland without consulting the team first. Shortly later, on 13 March 2020 with each team having one game left, the season was postponed, and later canceled due to the pandemic.
In August 2022, Brynjar announced his retirement from top-tier basketball.
Icelandic national team
From 2007 to 2017, Brynjar played 68 games for the Icelandic national team. He retired from the national team in February 2018.
Awards and accomplishments
Club honours
Icelandic Champion (8): 2007, 2009, 2011, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018
Icelandic Basketball Cup (3): 2011, 2016, 2017
Icelandic Super Cup (3): 2007, 2014, 2015, 2018
Icelandic Company Cup (2): 2008, 2014
Individual awards
Úrvalsdeild Domestic All-First team (2): 2010, 2011
Úrvalsdeild Playoffs MVP : 2016
Úrvalsdeild Young Player of the Year: 2005
Personal life
Brynjar is the son of Björn M. Björgvinsson, the former chairman of the Icelandic Basketball Association.
References
External links
Brynjar Björnsson stats at basketball.realgm.com
Brynjar Björnsson stats at kki.is
Bjornsson, Brynjar Thor
Bjornsson, Brynjar Thor
Expatriate basketball people in Sweden
Francis Marion Patriots men's basketball players
Icelandic expatriate basketball people in Sweden
Icelandic expatriate basketball people in the United States
Icelandic men's basketball players
Jämtland Basket players
KR men's basketball players
Bjornsson, Brynjar Thor
Sportspeople from Reykjavík
Ungmennafélagið Tindastóll men's basketball players
Úrvalsdeild karla (basketball) players
Full-mold casting is an evaporative-pattern casting process which is a combination of sand casting and lost-foam casting. It uses an expanded polystyrene foam pattern which is then surrounded by sand, much like sand casting. The metal is then poured directly into the mold, which vaporizes the foam upon contact.
Process
First, a pattern is usually made from polystyrene foam, which can be done many different ways. For small volume runs the pattern can be hand cut or machined from a solid block of foam; if the geometry is simple enough it can even be cut using a hot-wire foam cutter.
If the volume is large, then the pattern can be mass-produced by a process similar to injection molding. Pre-expanded beads of polystyrene are injected into a preheated aluminum mold at low pressure. Steam is then applied to the polystyrene which causes it to expand more to fill the die. The final pattern is approximately 97.5% air and 2.5% polystyrene.
The finished patterns can be hot glued to pre-made pouring basins, runners, and risers to form the final pattern. The pattern is then coated with a refractory material. The coated pattern (2) is placed in a flask and packed carefully with green sand (4) or chemically bonded sand.
Finally, the molten metal (1) is poured into the mold, which vaporizes the foam (3) allowing the metal to fill the entire mold. The vapor is simultaneously extracted from the flask through the sand.
The casting is allowed to cool and then dumped out of the flask (5) ready to use. The sand does not need to be reprocessed so it can be directly reused.
Details
The minimum wall thickness for a full-mold casting is . Typical dimensional tolerances are 0.3% and typical surface finishes are from 2.5 to 25 µm (100 to 1000 µin) RMS. The size range is from to several tonnes (tons).
Full-mold casting is often used to produce cylinder heads, engine blocks, pump housings, automotive brake components, and manifolds. Commonly employed materials include aluminium, iron, steel, nickel alloys, and copper alloys.
Advantages and disadvantages
This casting process is advantageous for very complex castings, that would regularly require cores. It is also dimensionally accurate, requires no draft, and has no parting lines so no flash is formed. As compared to investment casting, it is cheaper because it is a simpler process and the foam is cheaper than the wax. Risers are not usually required due to the nature of the process; because the molten metal vaporizes the foam the first metal into the mold cools more quickly than the rest, which results in natural directional solidification.
The two main disadvantages are that pattern costs can be high for low volume applications and the patterns are easily damaged or distorted due to their low strength. If a die is used to create the patterns there is a large initial cost.
History
The first patent for an evaporative-pattern casting process was filed in April 1956, by H.F. Shroyer. He patented the use of foam patterns embedded in traditional green sand for metal casting.
References
Notes
Bibliography
.
.
Casting (manufacturing)
Neva (, also Romanized as Nevā and Navā; also known as Nuva) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 185, in 48 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Punjab Mail (Hindi: पंजाब मेल) is 1939 action adventure Hindi film directed by Homi Wadia for Wadia Movietone. The score was provided by Madhavlal Damodar Master, and stars Fearless Nadia, John Cawas, Sayani Atish, Sardar Mansoor, Boman Shroff and Sarita Devi. The film once again had Nadia playing the avenging female with mask and whip astride a horse dispensing justice and beating up the villains.
Cast
Fearless Nadia
John Cawas
Sayani Atish
Sarita Devi
Boman Shroff
Sardar Mansoor
Master Chhotu
Shahzadi
Nazira
Master Mohammed
Production
The Wadia brother films normally starred Boman Shroff in the Douglas Fairbanks Sr. style roles, but with Punjab Mail Boman Shroff was replaced by John Cawas as a leading man though Shroff continued to act in character roles for them. The action films Nadia starred in like Hunterwali (1935), Miss Frontier Mail (1936) and Punjab Mail (1939) had patriotic implications and showed her fighting against persecution and prejudice with all the films turning out to be box-office successes. The train "metaphor" likening the female protagonist to a speedy train and its "thrilling settings" was continually used in the Wadia Brothers films with titles like Toofan Mail (1932), Miss Frontier Mail (1936), Toofan Express (1938) and Punjab Mail` (1939).
Music
The music was directed by Madhavlal Damodar Master, with lyrics written by Pandit Gyan Chandra. The singers were Sarita Devi, Sardar Mansoor and Master Mohammed.
Song List
References
External links
1939 films
1930s Hindi-language films
Indian black-and-white films
Films directed by Homi Wadia
Indian action adventure films
1930s action adventure films
Charlie Power (born June 1, 1991) is a professional Canadian football running back and fullback for the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
High school career
Power played high school football as a linebacker for the Holy Trinity Academy Knights in Okotoks, Alberta from 2006 to 2008. He won the Knights' defensive player of the year award in each of his three seasons, and helped lead the Knights to the provincial semifinals in his senior year.
College career
From 2009 to 2011, Power played college football as a linebacker for the University of Saskatchewan Huskies. In his final year as a linebacker, he achieved 16 tackles and a fumble recovery. Power was moved to the slotback position in 2012 and recorded 18 receptions for 231 yards and two touchdowns in his first season as a receiver at any level. In 2013, he achieved 143 yards and a touchdown with 14 catches.
Professional career
Power was selected by the Calgary Stampeders in the fourth round of the 2013 CFL Draft with the 28th overall pick as a fullback and was signed on May 21. He practiced with the team at training camp in 2013 before deciding to return to the University of Saskatchewan for a year. On January 8, 2014, Power re-signed with the Stampeders, where he spent the majority of the season on the practice roster. He made his CFL debut on September 1, 2014, in the Labour Day Classic against the Edmonton Eskimos. Power went on to play in one more game that season, but recorded no statistics. In Calgary's first preseason game of 2015 against the BC Lions, Power recorded four tackles and a forced fumble.
Power re-signed with the Stampeders on January 11, 2021.
Coaching
Power returned to the Holy Trinity Academy to coach at his former high school in the fall of 2014, where he coached linebackers. He continued in this position in 2015, switching to coach receivers and the special teams.
References
External links
Calgary Stampeders bio
1991 births
Living people
American players of Canadian football
Canadian football running backs
Canadian football fullbacks
Canadian football wide receivers
Canadian football linebackers
Saskatchewan Huskies football players
Calgary Stampeders players
Sportspeople from Georgia (U.S. state)
Players of Canadian football from Alberta
Tillandsia purpurea is a species in the genus Tillandsia. It is endemic to Peru, first described by Ruiz & Pavón in 1802.
Cultivars
Tillandsia 'Shooting Star'
References
purpurea
Endemic flora of Peru
Plants described in 1802
George Phineas Guthrie, Jr. (March 13, 1904 – June 1, 1972) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics. He was born in Elyria, Ohio and died in Columbus, Ohio. In 1924 he was disqualified in the 110 metre hurdles final at the Paris Games. He finished third in this race but was disqualified when he knocked down three hurdles, which was forbidden by the rules in force at that time.
Guthrie (representing Ohio State) won the high hurdle race at the 1925 Drake Relays in 14.8
References
External links
1904 births
1972 deaths
American male hurdlers
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Athletes (track and field) at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Lugar Heights is an American animated comedy television series and sitcom that aired on Galavision, mun2, and MTV Tres. It is located in an urban American city, where the main characters attend Lugar Heights High School, and involves the day-to-day life of teenagers.
Lugar Heights began as a series of 5-minute web shorts in 2001. These shorts were sold to Galavision. The show later become a half-hour series for mun2, before once again becoming a 5-minute series, this time for MTV Tres. Reruns were aired on BET. In a DVD-exclusive episode ("Chickens of Mass Destruction"), John Leguizamo provides the voice of Spanish Fly.
Characters
The central characters are four teenage Latinos: China, Roxy, Hugo, and Manos; supporting characters are The Twins.
China is the leader of the group who is usually the most naive of all of them. She has a lot of confidence and is very attractive and popular. She is usually the voice of reason between the group and is the most considerate. Her best friend is Roxy. She is Colombian and Puerto Rican.
Manos is the full-fledged Latino out of everyone in the group. He is very nice but very sensitive. He was discriminated from going shopping because of his ethnicity. But, he has a large family. He likes to tease China and Roxy. His best friend is Hugo, though they both sometimes fight (as seen in episode 3).
Roxy is a darker skinned Latina at times mistakenly thought to be African American. She is usually the first to engage in stupid schemes. She has natural Latino curves which never fail to impress guys. She lives with an abusive mother also. She is Dominican.
Hugo is usually the instigator of the group. He is also the toughest. He is Manos's best friend who he sometimes gets into fights with. Hugo loves to tease and trick China and Roxy. He is Puerto Rican.
The Blond-cita twins are two irritable teens who have a resentment of Roxy and China. They hate to lose to them. They always make insults about them. But they are fairly weak and cannot defend themselves when someone talks back to them.
References
External links
Rotten Tomatoes: "Lugar Heights"
2000s American black sitcoms
2000s American black cartoons
2000s American animated comedy television series
2000s American high school television series
American adult animated comedy television series
American flash adult animated television series
English-language television shows
Hispanic and Latino American television
Animated television series about teenagers
Teen animated television series
Torpa is a village in Ydre Municipality, Östergötland County. It lies in the traditional province of Östergötland along the shores of Lake Sommen the in South Swedish highlands. According to Svenskt ortnamnslexikon the name of the locality is first attested in 1281 as Thorpum, possibly in reference as "new settlement".
References
Villages in Sweden
Populated lakeshore places in Sweden
Populated places in Ydre Municipality
Sommen
This is a list of members of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly, as elected at 16 October 2004 election.
Molonglo Labor MLA Ted Quinlan resigned on 21 March 2006. Andrew Barr was elected as his replacement on a countback on 3 April
Molonglo MLA Richard Mulcahy was expelled from the Liberal Party on 10 December 2007. Mulcahy served as an independent until August 2008, when he formed the Richard Mulcahy Canberra Party to contest the 2008 election.
See also
2004 Australian Capital Territory general election
Members of Australian Capital Territory parliaments by term
21st-century Australian politicians
Kendall-Jackson Vineyard Estates is a vineyard and winery, under the Kendall-Jackson brand, located in Santa Rosa, California in the Sonoma Valley wine country. As of 2010 Kendall-Jackson was the highest-selling brand of "super-premium" wine (retailing for more than US$15 per bottle) in the United States, often compared in blind tastings to 1er Cru wines of Volnay, Burgundy.
History
In 1974, San Francisco land-use attorney Jess Jackson and his wife Jane Kendall Wadlow Jackson converted an pear and walnut orchard in Lakeport, California to a vineyard and sold wine grapes to local wineries. In 1982, a downturn in the grape market led them to produce their own wine instead of selling the grapes, and the Kendall-Jackson brand was established. That label now continues under the umbrella company, Jackson Family Wines, that Jackson later created.
In the 1980s, Kendall-Jackson rejected the California wine industry's trend toward vineyard-specific wine labeling. It ignored the concept of terroir in favor of blending wines from different regions to achieve desired wine characteristics. They reversed that direction in the mid-2000s, along with a push to upgrade their quality.
After retiring from Hewlett-Packard, Lew Platt was the company's CEO from 2000 to mid-2001.
In late 2006, the Jackson family launched White Rocket Wine Co. in Napa Valley to target the millennial generation of wine drinkers.
In April 2011 Jess Jackson died from cancer at the age of 81. His son-in-law, Don Hartford, had been serving as CEO of the company. The company disclosed a succession plan in March 2011, announcing that president Rick Tigner would be transitioning into the position of CEO. Tigner was featured on the third season, second episode of Undercover Boss. Don Hartford and Barbara Banke oversee the family's interests on the board of directors.
References
Wineries in Sonoma County
Companies based in Santa Rosa, California
American companies established in 1974
Food and drink companies established in 1974
1974 establishments in California
Companies based in Sonoma County, California
