Yasoda is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species in this genus are found in the Indomalayan realm.
Species
Yasoda tripunctata (Hewitson, 1863) - branded yamfly
Yasoda pita (Horsfield, [1829])
Yasoda androconifera Fruhstorfer, 1912
Yasoda robinsoni Holloway, 1986
Yasoda pitane de Nicéville, 1893
External links
"Yasoda Doherty, 1889" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms
Loxurini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by William Doherty
Nick Christen (born 11 July 1970) is a Swiss handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1970 births
Living people
Swiss male handball players
Olympic handball players of Switzerland
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Salvia honania is an annual or biennial plant that is native to fields and wet open areas in Henan and Hubei provinces in China. It grows on erect stems to , with simple or 3-foliolate leaves. Inflorescences are widely spaced 5-9 flowered verticillasters in terminal racemes or panicles.
Notes
honania
Flora of China
Andis Hadjicostis (Greek: Άντης Χατζηκωστής; September 1968 in Nicosia – January 11, 2010) was a Cypriot businessman and media mogul. Hadjicostis is credited with creating Sigma TV, a popular commercial television station in Cyprus, serving as the station's CEO. He also served as the CEO of the private, family-owned Dias Media Group, which controls Cypriot television stations, radio and newspapers. Hadjicostis modernized and reformed Dias during his tenure.
Andis Hadjicostis was shot and killed with a shotgun on January 11, 2010, while leaving his home in the Engomi neighborhood of Nicosia. He was 41 years old at the time of his murder.
The Simerini, a Dias owned newspaper, printed the front page editorial headline, "Cowardly murder – they killed Andy Hadjicostis in cold blood." Sigma TV switched to classical music programming on news of Hadjicostis' murder.
Cypriot police allege that Hadjicostis was murdered by a former employee, Elena Skordelli, a presenter on one of the victim's television stations. Skordelli had recently been fired. Skordelli, her brother and two other men allegedly conspired to kill Hadjicostis.
Elena Skordeli, her brother and the two other suspects were sentenced to life in prison in June 2013, for the conspiracy and murder of Andis Hadjicostis.
References
1968 births
2010 deaths
Cable television company founders
Cypriot businesspeople
Cypriot mass media owners
Cypriot murder victims
People from Nicosia
People murdered in Cyprus
Deaths by firearm in Cyprus
2010s murders in Cyprus
2010 crimes in Cyprus
2010 murders in Asia
2010 murders in Europe
Vladimir Bradonjić (; born 11 December 1999) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Super League 2 club PAOK B.
Bradonjić started his professional career at Radnik Bijeljina, before joining PAOK in 2021.
Club career
Early career
Bradonjić came through Radnik Bijeljina's youth academy. He made his professional debut against Krupa on 22 July 2017 at the age of 17. On 18 February 2018, he scored his first professional goal in a triumph over Borac Banja Luka.
PAOK
In January 2021, Bradonjić moved to Greek side PAOK. He won his first trophy with the club on 22 May, by beating Olympiacos in Greek Cup final.
International career
Despite representing Serbia on under-19 level, Bradonjić decided to play for Bosnia and Herzegovina on senior level. He was first part of under-21 team.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
PAOK
Greek Cup: 2020–21
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
People from Priboj
Serbian people of Bosnia and Herzegovina descent
Serbian footballers
Serbia youth international footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina under-21 international footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Association football wingers
FK Radnik Bijeljina players
PAOK FC players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Greece
PAOK FC B players
Two different automobiles from Rover have been called the 3500 both of which are classified as Executive Cars (E):
Rover P6, 1968–1977
Rover SD1, 1976–1986
See also
Rover 3.5-Litre, 1958–1973
3500
Marina Bay MRT station is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) interchange station on the North South line (NSL) and Circle Line (CCL), operated by SMRT Trains. The station is located on the boundary of the Downtown Core and Straits View planning areas in Singapore and was built alongside Bayfront Avenue. As the name suggests, it is located near Marina Bay.
Marina Bay station was one of the last stations to be completed in the early phases of the MRT network, opening on 4 November 1989. It was the terminus of the North South line until the line's extension to Marina South Pier station in 2014. The station became an interchange station with the Circle line (CCL) upon the completion of the two-station branch extension to this station from Promenade station in January 2012. The station will become a triple-line interchange when Stage 3 of the Thomson–East Coast line (TEL) opens in 2022.
History
North South Line
Civil Contract 310 for the construction of the cut-and-cover tunnels as well as Marina Bay MRT station was awarded to Gammon-Antara Koh joint venture at a value of in April 1986. The construction of the tunnel to the station was rather challenging at the time, as the tunnel went below the Telok Ayer Basin and the station and tunnels were to be built in soft soil. Due to the soft marine clay, open excavation was not possible. Divers had to cut the trenches for the MRT tunnels, in zero visibility and very muddy water. A concrete base for the tunnels was then laid with the water pumped out for the tunnels and the station to be built on. The tunnels were then covered with another layer of concrete before the seabed was refilled. During the construction, a World War II-era bomb was found at the work site. The Singapore Armed Forces (SAF) Bomb Disposal Unit was called and the bomb was safely detonated elsewhere.
The station opened on 4 November 1989 and was the southern terminus of the North South line, until the NSL extension to Marina South Pier station opened in 2014. On 8 January 2006, this station was one of the four stations that participated in Exercise Northstar V.
Circle Line interchange
Contract 901 for the construction and completion of Marina Bay CCL station was awarded to Hock Lian Seng Infrastructure Pte. Ltd. for in February 2008. The scope also included addition and alteration works to the existing North South line (NSL) Marina Bay station, localised diversions of the East Coast Parkway (ECP) and Marina Street and the demolition of a vehicular underpass. Construction of the station has started in February 2008 and was completed on schedule by January 2012.
During the construction, the entrance (Exit A) to the station had to be relocated for construction works for the Circle line station. As announced on 28 November 2011, the station opened on 14 January 2012 as part of the two-station extension from Promenade, with an opening ceremony the day before. The Circle Line station is also the only underground station in the network with the ticket concourse below the platform.
Circle Line Stage 6
The station was announced on 29 October 2015 as part of Stage 6 of the Circle line. It is one of the two existing CCL stations, the other being HarbourFront, that will be connected to Stage 6 of the Circle Line, completing the "circle".
Contract 886 for the construction of cut and cover tunnels at Marina Bay Area between the Prince Edward and Marina Bay stations was awarded to Koh Brothers Building & Civil Engineering Contractor (Pte.) Ltd. at a sum of in September 2017. Construction began in 2017, and is expected to be completed by 2026.
Thomson-East coastline interchange
On 15 August 2014, the Land Transport Authority (LTA) announced that Marina Bay station would be part of the proposed Thomson East-Coast line (TEL). The station will be constructed as part of Phase 3, consisting of 13 stations between the Stevens and Gardens by the Bay stations. The station was initially targeted to be operational by 2021, however due to the effects of the Covid-19 pandemic, the entire TEL3 stretch was delayed by a year. On 9 March 2022, Transport Minister S Iswaran announced in Parliament that TEL3 would open in the second half of that year.
Contract T226 for the design and construction of Marina Bay TEL Station and associated tunnels was awarded to Taisei Corporation at a sum of S$425 million (US$ million) in February 2014. Construction started in 2014, with expected completion in 2022. The construction involves the demolition of the East Coast Parkway and Marina Station Road, which also affects the adjacent Shenton Way station. Ground freezing was applied for the first time in Singapore rail construction when building the Thomson–East Coast line part of this station, where it crosses underneath the existing North South line and Circle line tunnels.
Station details
Design
The Circle line station was designed by Aedas, Quarry Bay & Aedas Pte Ltd (Station Architect). Visibility, integration and efficiency were the focal points when designing the CCL part of the station, as the station entrances need to integrate into the park where the station is located. The design also has provisions for a future underground pedestrian network (converted from a temporary maintenance facility near the station) and connections to future developments. The translucent canopy acts as a skylight to allow natural light into the underground hall. The large entrance also allows large amounts of natural light to enter the station. To limit the visual impact of the station to the surrounding park landscape, only the lift, escalators, the lightweight ETFE canopy and the reflective pool are visible from street level, giving users a full view of the park from the station entrance. The reflective pool also provides a smooth transition between the exits and the park.
The station design was the winner of the Small Project Award at the World Architecture Festival in 2012. Other awards include the Land Transport Excellence Awards 2012 (as the Best Design Rail / Road Infrastructure – Project Partner), the 2013 UIPT Asia-Pacific Grow with Public Transport Award and honourable mention for the Singapore Institute of Architects Architectural Design Awards 2012.I wike twainsThe station design was the winner of the Small Project Award at the World Architecture Festival in 2012. Other awards include the Land Transport Excellence Awards 2012 (as the Best Design Rail / Road Infrastructure – Project Partner), the 2013 UIPT Asia-Pacific Grow with Public Transport Award and honourable mention for the Singapore Institute of Architects Architectural Design Awards 2012.I wike twainsThe station design was the winner of the Small Project Award at the World Architecture Festival in 2012. Other awards include the Land Transport Excellence Awards 2012 (as the Best Design Rail / Road Infrastructure – Project Partner), the 2013 UIPT Asia-Pacific Grow with Public Transport Award and honourable mention for the Singapore Institute of Architects Architectural Design Awards 2012.I wike twains
The station design was the winner of the Small Project Award at the World Architecture Festival in 2012. Other awards include the Land Transport Excellence Awards 2012 (as the Best Design Rail / Road Infrastructure – Project Partner), the 2013 UIPT Asia-Pacific Grow with Public Transport Award and honourable mention for the Singapore Institute of Architects Architectural Design Awards 2012.I wike twains
Art-in-Transit
The station showcases two artworks as part of the Art-in-Transit programme. The artwork Flowers in Blossom II by Tay Chee Toh was originally hung in Orchard station and was re-commissioned as homage to the legacy of art in Singapore's MRT train stations. The artwork displays hanging delicate sculptures which resemble flowers. Another artwork, Train Rides on Rainy Days by Nah Yong En, is displayed at the platform level of the station. Fourteen raindrop pictures represent scenes normally seen by commuters as they gaze out of the window from a train during rainy season.
Services
On the North South line, the station is located between Raffles Place and Marina South Pier stations. North South line trains operate every 2–5 minutes from approximately 6:00am (6:25am on Sundays and Public holidays) to 11.30pm for both directions. On the Circle line, the station is currently the terminus of the Circle line extension, with shuttle services from the station terminating at Stadium station. The shuttle service operates with a frequency of 5–7 minutes on both peak or non-peak hours from 6:00am (6:24am on Sundays and Public holidays) to 11:25pm.
References
External links
Downtown Core (Singapore)
Railway stations opened in 1989
1989 establishments in Singapore
Mass Rapid Transit (Singapore) stations
Nibrin, also known as NBN or NBS1, is a protein which in humans is encoded by the NBN gene.
Function
Nibrin is a protein associated with the repair of double strand breaks (DSBs) which pose serious damage to a genome. It is a 754 amino acid protein identified as a member of the NBS1/hMre11/RAD50(N/M/R, more commonly referred to as MRN) double strand DNA break repair complex. This complex recognizes DNA damage and rapidly relocates to DSB sites and forms nuclear foci. It also has a role in regulation of N/M/R (MRN) protein complex activity which includes end-processing of both physiological and mutagenic DNA double strand breaks (DSBs).
Cellular response to DSBs
Cellular response is performed by damage sensors, effectors of lesion repair and signal transduction. The central role is carried out by ataxia telangiectasia mutated (ATM) by activating the DSB signaling cascade, phosphorylating downstream substrates such as histone H2AX and NBS1. NBS1 relocates to DSB sites by interaction of FHA/BRCT domains with phosphorylated histone H2AX. Once it interacts with nibrin c-terminal hMre11-binding domain, hMre11 and hRad50 relocate from the cytoplasm to the nucleus then to sites of DSBs. They finally relocate to N/M/R where they form the foci at the site of damage.
Double strand breaks (DSBs)
DSBs occur during V(D)J recombination during early B and T cell development. This is at the point when the cells of the immune system are developing and the DSBs affect the development of lymphoid cells. DSBs also occur in immunoglobulin class switch in mature B cells. More frequently, however, DSBs are caused by mutagenic agents like radiomimetic chemicals and ionizing radiation(IR).
DSB mutations
As mentioned, DSBs cause extreme damage to DNA. Mutations that cause defective repair of DSBs tend to accumulate un-repaired DSBs. One such mutation is associated with Nijmegen breakage syndrome (NBS), a radiation hyper-sensitive disease. It is a rare inherited autosomal recessive condition of chrosomal instability. It has been linked to mutations within exons 6–10 in the NBS1 gene which results in a truncated protein. Characteristics of NBS include microcephaly, cranial characteristics, growth retardation, impaired sexual maturation, immunodeficiency/recurring infections and a predisposition to cancer. This predisposition to cancer may be linked to the DSBs occurring at the development of lymphoid cells.
Fertility
Two adult siblings, both heterozygous for two particular NBS1 nonsense mutations displayed cellular sensitivity to radiation, chromosome instability and fertility defects, but not the developmental defects that are typically found in other NBS patients. These individuals appear to be primarily defective in homologous recombination, a process that accurately repairs double-strand breaks, both in somatic cells and during meiosis.
Orthologs of NBS1 have been studied in mice and the plant arabidopsis. NBS1 mutant mice display cellular radiation sensitivity and female mice are sterile due to oogenesis failure. Studies of NBS1 mutants in Arabidopsis revealed that NBS1 has a role in recombination during early stages of meiosis.
NBS1 over-expression in cancer
NBS1 has a role in microhomology-mediated end joining (MMEJ) repair of double strand breaks. It is one of 6 enzymes required for this error prone DNA repair pathway. NBS1 is often over-expressed in prostate cancer, in liver cancer, in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma,
in non-small cell lung carcinoma, hepatoma, and esophageal cancer, in head and neck cancer, and in squamous cell carcinoma of the oral cavity.
Cancers are very often deficient in expression of one or more DNA repair genes, but over-expression of a DNA repair gene is less usual in cancer. For instance, at least 36 DNA repair enzymes, when mutationally defective in germ line cells, cause increased risk of cancer (hereditary cancer syndromes). (Also see DNA repair-deficiency disorder.) Similarly, at least 12 DNA repair genes have frequently been found to be epigenetically repressed in one or more cancers. (See also Epigenetically reduced DNA repair and cancer.) Ordinarily, deficient expression of a DNA repair enzyme results in increased un-repaired DNA damages which, through replication errors (translesion synthesis), lead to mutations and cancer. However, NBS1 mediated MMEJ repair is highly inaccurate, so in this case, over-expression, rather than under-expression, apparently leads to cancer.
Herpes virus
HSV-1 infects more than 90% of adults over the age of 50. Alphaherpesviruses alone can cause the host to have mild symptoms, but these viruses can be associated with severe disease when they are transferred to a new species. Humans can even pass and also get an HSV-1 infection from other primate species. However, because of evolutionary differences between primate species, only some species can pass HSV-1 in an interspecies interaction. Also, though HSV-1 transmission from humans to other species primates can occur, there is no known sustained transmission chains that have resulted from constant transmission. A study found that Nbs1 is the most diverged in DNA sequence in the MRN complex between different primate species and that there is a high degree of species specificity, causing variability in promotion of the HSV-1 life cycle. The same study found that Nbs1 interacts with HSV-1's ICP0 proteins in an area of structural disorder of the nibrin. This suggests that in general, viruses commonly interact in intrinsically disordered domains in host proteins. It is possible that there are differences in the mammalian genomes that create unique environments for the viruses. Host proteins that are specific to the species might determine how the viruses must adapt to be able to ignite an infection in a new species. The evolution of increased disorder in nibrin benefits the host in decreasing ICP0 interaction and virus hijack. Nbs1 may not be the only host protein that evolves this way.
HSV-1-infection has been shown to result from the phosphorylation of Nbs1. It has been shown in studies that activation of the MRN complex and ATM biochemical cascade is consistent for a resulting HSV-1 infection. When there is an HSV-1 infection, the nucleus is reorganized causing the formation of RCs (replication compartments) where gene expression and DNA replication occurs. Proteins in the host used for DNA repair and damage response are needed for virus production. ICP8, which is a viral single-strand binding protein, is known to interact with several DNA repair proteins, such as Rad50, Mre11, BRG1, and DNA-PKcs. Ul12 and ICP8 viral proteins function together as a recombinase, possibly showing that while working with the host's recombination factors, work to form a concatemer by stimulating homologous recombination. These proteins may move the MRN complex towards the viral genome so it is able to promote homologous recombination, and to prevent non-homologous recombination as non-homologous recombination can have anti-viral effects. This possibly shows that the reaction between UL12 and MRN regulates the complex in a way that benefits the herpes virus.
Interactions
Nibrin has been shown to interact with:
Ataxia telangiectasia mutated,
BRCA1,
H2AFX,
MRE11A,
Rad50, and
TERF2
References
Further reading
External links
GeneReviews/NCBI/NIH/UW entry on Nijmegen Breakage Syndrome
Proteins
Edward William ″Ted″ Nelson (1883–1923) was a British marine biologist and polar explorer. Educated at Clifton College, Tonbridge School and Cambridge University, he was independently wealthy. He worked at the Marine Biological Association of the United Kingdom (MBA) in Plymouth and was member of the 1910–1913 British Antarctic Expedition. In association with E. J. Allen, he developed a simple method for culturing phytoplankton.
Polar expedition
In 1910, he joined the British Antarctic Expedition (popularly known as "The Terra Nova Expedition") led by Robert Falcon Scott, and served as a biologist. He took part in a sledging journey to One Ton Depot, carrying food supplies for the returning polar party. He also conducted tidal observations while at Cape Evans and was later awarded the Polar Medal along with the other Terra Nova members. He was commemorated with Nelson Cliff at the west side of the Simpson Glacier in Antarctica (71°14′S, 168°42′E).
Later career
On his return from the Antarctic, Nelson worked as Senior Naturalist at the laboratory in Plymouth, taking leave to fight with the British 63rd (Royal Naval) Division in the Gallipoli campaign, then later in the trenches of France. In 1920 the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food approached the MBA to propose that the Association undertake the manufacture of a large number of "Drift Bottles", to be used in tracking the movement of the waters of the North Sea. By this time, Nelson was the Scientific Superintendent of the Fisheries Board for Scotland, and wrote a paper on the manufacture of the drift bottles for the Association's Journal.
Death
On 17 January 1923, Nelson was found dead in his laboratory as a result of a self-injected poison. An inquest into his death was reported in The Express and Telegraph newspaper, which was published on 1 March 1923.
Over 80 years later, his daughter Barbara, then 93, died during a trip to Antarctica in 2009.
Literature
"Bergy Bits: The Newsletter of the Friends of the Antarctic", No. 28 April 2009
Volume 2, page 1091.
External links
Edward Nelson collection at the Scott Polar Research Institute
References
20th-century British zoologists
1883 births
1923 suicides
British Antarctic scientists
British marine biologists
Explorers of Antarctica
Terra Nova expedition
Suicides by poison
Suicides in the United Kingdom
The Azazima or Azazme () are a Bedouin tribe whose grazing territory used to be the desert around the wells at El Auja and Bir Ain on the border between Israel and Egypt.
During the 19th century the 'Azazme fought as allies with the Tarabin in their war against the Tiyaha. Subsequently they were in a land dispute with the Tarabin, the War of Zari, which lasted for several years until the founding of modern Beersheba and the extension of Ottoman authority. In April 1875 Lieut. Claude R. Conder, who was surveying Gaza District for the Palestine Exploration Fund, reported a "fierce contest" going on around Beersheba between the 'Azazme and the Tiyaha.
An early twentieth century explorer reported that one of the favorite grazing grounds belonging to the 'Azazme was a strip of hilly country eight miles in width between Wady Jeraafy and Wady Ubaira, 115 km south of Beersheba. He describes the land as "well grown with bush and grass."
In the early 20th century the 'Azazme established a village at al-Khalasa which was the site of an ancient Nabatean settlement on the route between Gaza and Petra.
In 1930 they were reported to number 10,000, divided into ten sub-sections. The writer states that "they are of dark complexion, and conspicuous for honesty and patient bearing in adversity, and they will do their utmost for the guest ... Their women herd the flocks. Men respect women because they have good Arab manners. Scarcity of grazing compels them to a wandering life more than other tribes. The area over which they wander is spacious, but affords little opportunity for cultivation: yet they grow a little wheat and barley, and a few of them cultivate millet and water melons."
In 1948 the 'Azazme numbered around 3,500. During 1950 the entire tribe was driven from the area around El Auja. In a series of raids the IDF burnt tents and shot at anyone approaching the wells. The IAF was used to strafe encampments. On 28 September 1953 the IDF established the kibbutz Ktzi'ot on land claimed by the 'Azazme.
A UN investigation into the murder of eleven Israelis at Scorpion Pass, 17 March 1954, found that the killings were committed by men from the 'Azazme who had joined a group known as the Black Hand gang, based at Qussaima. Despite the evidence that the attackers came from across the Egyptian border the IDF launched a reprisal raid against Nahalin in the West Bank.
Prior to 1948 one section of the 'Azazme lived in Wadi Al-Akhdar, 'the green valley', between Bir Saba' and Faluja. In the early 1950s the Israeli army moved them to the hills south of Hebron. In 1969 they crossed the border into Wadi Araba but the Jordanian authorities refused to let them proceed any further fearing a general exodus of Bedouins from the Negev. They were also refused refugee status. Many of them were expelled by Ariel Sharon in January 1972 from the area of Abu-Ageila in a secret operation conducted in late January 1972.
There are at least nine Israeli settlements on land claimed by the 'Azazme, including the military camp and prison at Ktzi'ot and the town and nuclear plant at Dimona.
'Azazme population centres in Israel include: Wadi al-Na'am, an unrecognised village with a population of 5,000; Shaqib al-Salam established in 1979 as part of a government program of establishing permanent Bedouin settlements, population 6,500; Bir Hadaj, recognised in 2004, population 5,000.
References
Further reading
(translated from German by William Templer)
Bedouins in Israel
Bedouin groups
Egypt–Israel relations
Bedouins in Egypt
The Roman Catholic Church in Zambia is composed of two ecclesiastical provinces and 9 suffragan dioceses.
List of dioceses
Episcopal Conference of Zambia
Ecclesiastical Province of Kasama
Archdiocese of Kasama
Diocese of Mansa
Diocese of Mpika
Ecclesiastical Province of Lusaka
Archdiocese of Lusaka
Diocese of Chipata
Diocese of Kabwe
Diocese of Livingstone
Diocese of Mongu
Diocese of Monze
Diocese of Ndola
Diocese of Solwezi
External links
Catholic-Hierarchy entry.
GCatholic.org.
Zambia
Catholic dioceses
Pat Sin Leng Country Park () is a country park in Hong Kong located in the northeastern New Territories. Established on 18August 1978, the country park covers of natural terrain. It comprises the Pat Sin Leng mountain range and other spurs, including Wong Leng, Ping Fung Shan, Cloudy Hill and Kwai Tau Leng. Hok Tau Reservoir and Lau Shui Heung Reservoir are also within the country park.
Ecology
The catchment forests are habitats for avian species such as crested bulbul, Chinese bulbul, hwamei, Oriental magpie robin, Chinese francolin, Japanese quail, common kingfisher, European magpie, crested myna and crows. Also dwelling in woodlands are mammals like Malayan porcupine, Chinese pangolin, masked palm civet, leopard cat and common muntjac.
Lau Shui Heung Reservoir is rimmed by Peking willow and Fortune's keteleeria.
Spots
Stages nine and ten (ending stages) of the Wilson Trail traverse the Pat Sin Leng Country Park. The section within the park leads from Cloudy Hill to Nam Chung, travelling along the ridges of Wong Leng, Lai Pek Shan and Pat Sin Leng. The view at the top on fine days covers the Plover Cove Reservoir and the urban area of Shenzhen. Other hiking options are the Hok Tau Country Trail and Lau Shui Heung Country Trail.
Sha Lo Tung is an important habitat for dragonflies and damselflies. Ting Kok, a piece of wetland, has been declared a Site of Special Scientific Interest. Yim Tso Ha is one of the largest egretries in Hong Kong.
External links and references
AFCD Pat Sin Leng
Initial text based on information provided by the Hong Kong Agriculture, Fisheries and Conservation Department (AFCD), under the provision that the re-dissemination or reproduction is for non-commercial use.
Country parks and special areas of Hong Kong
North District, Hong Kong
Tai Po District
1978 establishments in Hong Kong
Alcidodes leucospilus is a species of the true weevil family.
References
Zipcodezoo Species Identifier
Catalogue of life
Encyclopedia of Life
Beetles described in 1834
Alcidinae
Letitia Bushe (1705/1710 – 17 November 1757) was an Irish watercolourist and miniaturist.
Life
Letitia Bushe was born around 1705 or 1710 in Dangan, County Kilkenny. She was the daughter of Arthur Bushe, a secretary to the commissioners of revenue, and Mary (née Forth). Though Bushe is considered a talented artist there is no evidence of her receiving any training, though it is thought Bernard Lens or one of his sons may have given her lessons. She may have been largely self-taught as her style remained naive throughout her career. Bushe was continuously in demand as a lady's companion due to her conversational skills, which leading to her teach painting to many women and their children. She was a friend of Mary Delany, Jonathan Swift and Anne Donnellan. She had a six-year relationship with a younger woman Lady Anne Bligh, which some have speculated to have been a romantic one. When she was not acting as a companion she had rooms in Dawson Street. Bushe died on 17 November 1757 in those rooms. She was buried the following day in St Andrew's church, Dublin.
Friendship with Mary Delany
Bushe was a friend of Mary Delany from 1731. She stayed with Delany on numerous occasions, and a miniature of Bushe by Joseph Browne is included in the 1861 Correspondence of Mrs Delany edited by Lady Llanover. Much of what is known about Bushe's life is from the letters between her and Delany. Details included was the fact that Bushe contracted smallpox which marred her good looks, and her poverty after her father's death is the reason she believed she did not receive any offers of marriage. Bush and Delany remained very good friends, with Delany referring to Bushe drawing landscapes, and cleaning painting at Delany's home Delville House. Bushe and Delany embarked on a number of artist projects together. Delany described Bushe as "a gay, good-humoured, innocent girl, without the least conceit of her beauty .... she paints delightfully" and Delany painted Bushe herself.
Artistic work
One of Bushe's pieces which is in the National Gallery of Ireland, A view of Bray (1736), shows her skill as a topographical artist and her humour, as she includes herself in the painting with an accompanying dog. During a visit to England in 1743, she painted a View of London which is taken from Hampstead Heath, as well as views of Bath and Bristol. In Ireland, Bushe painted studies of country houses, including their gardens. She also made antiquarian drawings for Bishop Robert Clayton, a friend of Delany.
References
External links
Some of Bushe's work
Irish women artists
1757 deaths
People from County Kilkenny
Year of birth uncertain
Gerhard Fleischmann (born 23 September 1947) is an Austrian footballer. He played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1976.
References
External links
1947 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Association footballers not categorized by position
Olympiaschanze was a ski jumping venue in St. Moritz, Switzerland, it was built in 1926 and closed in 2006. The ski jumping and the ski jumping part of the Nordic combined event for the 1928 Winter Olympics.
Its K-point was 66 m.
References
Henauer, Kurt (FIS PR and Media Coordinator Ski Jumping). "hill lengths." E-Mail to Chris Miller. 5 Jun 2006.
1928 Winter Olympics official report, part 1. p. 47.
1928 Winter Olympics official report, part 2. pp. 10–1.
1948 Winter Olympics official report. pp. 6, 21.
Venues of the 1928 Winter Olympics
Venues of the 1948 Winter Olympics
Defunct sports venues in Switzerland
Ski jumping venues in Switzerland
Olympic Nordic combined venues
Olympic ski jumping venues
Sport in St. Moritz
Buildings and structures in Graubünden
Lieven Dehandschutter (born 9 June 1958 in Sint-Niklaas) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. He was elected as a member of the Flemish Parliament in 2009.
Notes
Living people
Mayors of places in Belgium
Members of the Flemish Parliament
New Flemish Alliance politicians
1958 births
People from East Flanders
21st-century Belgian politicians
People from Sint-Niklaas
The Weisz–Prater criterion is a method used to estimate the influence of pore diffusion on reaction rates in heterogeneous catalytic reactions. If the criterion is satisfied, pore diffusion limitations are negligible. The criterion is
Where is the reaction rate per volume of catalyst, is the catalyst particle radius, is the reactant concentration at the particle surface, and is the effective diffusivity. Diffusion is usually in the Knudsen regime when average pore radius is less than 100 nm.
For a given effectiveness factor,, and reaction order, n, the quantity is defined by the equation:
for small values of beta this can be approximated using the binomial theorem:
Assuming with a reaction order gives value of equal to 0.1. Therefore, for many conditions, if then pore diffusion limitations can be excluded.
References
Scientific techniques
Laboratory techniques
Transport phenomena
Chemical reaction engineering
Raghiveh () may refer to:
Raghiveh, Haftgel
Raghiveh, Shush
Raghiveh District, in Haftgel County
Wallace Clifton Fessenden (October 5, 1860 – May 16, 1935) was a 19th-century Major League Baseball manager with the Syracuse Stars in 1890 of the American Association. He briefly managed the Stars to a record of 4–7, while filling in for George Frazier. He also briefly was a player/manager for the Lynn team in the Massachusetts State Association in 1884 and the Manager for Salem of the New England League in 1888.
Fessenden also umpired in the National League in 1889 and 1890. He umpired 53 games total.
External links
Baseball-Reference page
Retrosheet
1860 births
1935 deaths
Major League Baseball managers
Minor league baseball managers
Burials at Green-Wood Cemetery
Lynn (minor league baseball) players
Major League Baseball umpires
19th-century baseball umpires
Baseball players from Syracuse, New York
The Boondocks are an Estonian indie rock band formed in 2012 in Pärnu, Estonia. The band consists of Villem Sarapuu (guitar/vocals), Hendrik Tamberg (bass/backing vocals), Romet Mägar (guitar) and Karl Kevad (drums/backing vocals). They have released four albums: USB (2014), Thriller (2016), How to Build a Love Bomb (2018) and Soup Can Pop Band (2021).
Biography
Since their humble beginnings in 2012 in their native coastal town Pärnu, the Estonian indie rockers The Boondocks have built quite a resume for themselves. Their catalogue includes three critically acclaimed full-length albums – “USB” (2014), “Thriller (2016), and “How to Build a Love Bomb”(2018)” – a steady output of fresh singles and beautiful cinematography. Drawing influences from British guitar pop, post-punk, and early RnB, The Boondocks is a multi-layered and nuanced affair. Theirs is a gritty, hard-hitting, guitar-oriented rock'n'roll sound with all its rough and rebellious connotations projected against the backdrop of their polished image, lush and bright soundscapes, rivieraesque pop melodies, and laid-back grooves. Simply said, The Boondocks flirts with old-school rock'n'roll in all its diversity and richness, creating, as a result, an effect of deep familiarity infused with exciting and dizzying disorientation.
This seductive instrumental atmosphere is further complemented by Villem Sarapuu's deep and dark vocals, and the biting wit of the songwriter Karl Kevad. Lyrically, the band deals with themes as common as romantic attraction and heartache, and, at the same time, weaving in subtle criticism aimed against the consumerist culture and the plastic dullness it both creates and promises to relieve. The band's relationship with their present age is thus complicated by their playful orientation towards the past. The Boondocks show that there is a certain charm in finding sounds, ideas, and fashion associated with the decades that preceded our own. This past carries with it excitement about its contemporaneity and has hopes for its future. As such, the Boondocks are not using the past to escape the present, rather, they are trying to assume a subject position from which they can look at the present as something mouldable, as a future that has not yet arrived. However, considering that The Boondocks also experiments with irony, we should never quite take them at their word.
All this has not been unnoticed. The alternative music station Raadio 2 has prized them with both the Best New Artist award (2016) and the Album of the Year award (2018). In 2017, the band was voted as the Audience Favourite at the internationally renowned music festival Tallinn Music Week. Having thus assured themselves a firm position in the local rock scene, The Boondocks are currently hard at work at gaining traction in the Baltics, Eastern Europe, Scandinavia, and beyond.
Band members
Villem Sarapuu – lead vocals, guitar
Romet Mägar – guitar, backing vocals
Hendrik Tamberg – bass guitar, backing vocals
Karl Kevad – drums, backing vocals
Touring members
Frederik Küüts – keyboards, percussion
Kristjan Tenso – keyboards, percussion
Discography
Studio albums
USB (2014)
Thriller (2016)
How to Build a Love Bomb (2018)
Soup Can Pop Band (2021)
External links
Boondocks
Musical groups established in 2012
2012 establishments in Estonia
Jeffery Hart Bent, occasionally known as Geoffrey Hart Bent (1781 – 29 June 1852) was the first judge in the colony of New South Wales and the first Australian judge to be removed from office.
Early life
Bent was the son of Robert Bent and elder brother of Ellis Bent. He was educated at Mr Barnes's school, Manchester, and at Trinity College, Cambridge, graduating B.A. in 1804, and M.A. in 1807. He was called to the bar of the Middle Temple in 1806.
New South Wales
He was appointed judge of the Supreme Court of Civil Judicature of New South Wales, arriving at Sydney on 28 July 1814. He refused to disembark until acknowledged with a formal salute. He had been only a few weeks in the colony before he was appealing to Earl Bathurst against a decision of Governor Macquarie to fit up one of the wings of the hospital as a temporary court house. There was much delay in holding the first sitting of the court, which was eventually fixed for 1 May 1815, and even then there were repeated adjournments because Bent refused to allow anyone who had been transported to be allowed to practice as an attorney. Macquarie was anxious that all convicts who had expiated their crime should be given every opportunity to rehabilitate themselves and lead normal lives as members of the community. Some of the men objected to by Bent had hitherto been permitted to plead before his brother, Ellis Bent, the judge-advocate, and Macquarie was satisfied that no evil consequences had resulted. He pointed out, too, that under the new regulations there would be only one attorney in the colony who would be able to plead, and that therefore one party only in each suit could have legal assistance in bringing his case forward. The tone of Bent's communications to the governor showed a great want of respect, and on 1 July 1815 Macquarie wrote to Earl Bathurst about the Bent brothers, stating that it had now become "absolutely necessary for the good of the colony . . . that they or I should be removed from it". Both of the brothers were recalled and Jeffery Bent left for England in 1817.
Late life
Bent was appointed Chief Justice of Grenada from 1820–1833 (where he was twice suspended), of St Lucia, 1833–1836, and of British Guiana from 1836 where he died (in Georgetown), on 29 June 1852.
Bent was difficult and autocratic. His opinions on the employment of ex-convicts in courts are to some extent understandable, but he made no allowance for the differing views of Governor Macquarie and his difficulties.
Commentary on Bent
Murray Gleeson, Chief Justice of Australia described Bent as follows:
He is generally regarded, not only as the first judge in New South Wales, but also as the worst. The one thing he had to recommend him was a spirit of independence. He gave an early display of his mettle upon his arrival in Sydney, by refusing to disembark from his ship until the Governor arranged for a proper battery of guns to salute him. He refused to pay the road toll levied on users of Sydney's main road. He said he would be damned if he would pay any illegal tax. He called the gatekeeper a scoundrel, and threatened to put him in gaol. As a result, he was charged with toll evasion, convicted by a magistrate and fined two pounds. There being no Judicial Commission in those days, the matter was left to rest there.
The Court presided over by Judge Bent only ever sat to hear one item of civil business. That was an application by three ex-convict attorneys for admission to practice. The judge, who was at risk of being outvoted by the two magistrates with whom he sat, peremptorily announced that the application was refused, and that he would never preside in a court where ex-convicts were admitted to practice. Soon afterwards he was recalled to England.
References
1781 births
1852 deaths
19th-century English judges
Chief Justices of British Guiana
Colony of New South Wales judges
Chief justices of Grenada
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Members of the Middle Temple
19th-century Australian judges
Darren T. Holmes is a film editor whose credits include animated films such as The Iron Giant (1999), Lilo & Stitch (2002), Ratatouille (2007), How to Train Your Dragon (2010), and The Croods (2013). He also served as a consulting editor for Song of the Sea (2014).
Holmes has been elected to membership in the American Cinema Editors.
Holmes is also a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
References
External links
American film editors
American Cinema Editors
Living people
Pixar people
Cartoon Saloon people
DreamWorks Animation people
Walt Disney Animation Studios people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Kukulje may refer to:
Kukulje (Srbac), a village in Srbac, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Kukulje, Montenegro
Perlohmanniidae is a family of mites belonging to the order Sarcoptiformes.
Genera:
Hololohmannia Kubota & Aoki, 1998
Perlohmannia Berlese, 1916
References
Sarcoptiformes
The Foster Farm Barn is a historic dairy barn at 538 Augusta Road in Belgrade, Maine. Built sometime between 1900 and 1910, it is a well-preserved example of a barn built during a transitional period between mixed-use farming and specialized dairy farming. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2015.
Description and history
The Foster Farm Barn is located on the property currently known as Winterberry Farm, in northern Belgrade, on the east side of Augusta Road (Maine State Route 27), just south of its junction with Point and Guptil Roads. It is set back from the road, behind the farmstand used for public sales, and north of the c. 1900 farmhouse. It is a two-story timber-frame structure with a gambrel roof. It is about in size, and exhibits construction techniques common to the period after the American Civil War. It also includes features that were considered modern in the early 20th century for dairy farming purposes, including concrete manure troughs, ventilation slats in the walls, and specialized ducting to facilitate the movement of air to ventilators in the roof. The lower level of the barn is finished in original wooden shingles, while the upper levels of the walls are unfinished, with exposed sheathing.
The barn was built sometime in the first decade of the 20th century, by brothers Frank and Edgar Foster, whose parents had farmed the property since the late 1850s. It (and construction of the house) may have been funded as the result of one of the brothers receiving an inheritance. It was a clear departure from traditional New England barns of the 19th century, which typically had space for only a small number of livestock. The Foster brothers were reported in 1902 to have a dairy herd of fifteen cows, in addition to two each horses, oxen, and pigs. The barn's interior is clearly organized to support a focused dairy operation.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Kennebec County, Maine
References
Buildings and structures in Kennebec County, Maine
Barns on the National Register of Historic Places in Maine
Barns in Maine
National Register of Historic Places in Kennebec County, Maine
David Alan Drabold (born 13 February 1960) is an American physicist, currently Edwin and Ruth Kennedy Distinguished Professor at Ohio University.
Early life
Born in Akron, Ohio, he received a B.S. in applied mathematics from the University of Akron in 1982, and a PhD. in physics from Washington University in St. Louis.
Research
Drabold's work focuses on the theory of amorphous materials. He is known for his formulation of algorithms to elucidate consequences of structural disorder to electronic, optical and transport properties. His research has been published in high impact journals such as Nature and Science. He is a fellow of the American Physical Society, the Institute of Physics and the Royal Numismatic Society.
Selected publications
Origins of structural and electronic transitions in disordered silicon
Theory of diamondlike amorphous carbon
Energetics of Large Fullerenes: Balls, Tubes, and Capsules
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
People from Akron, Ohio
21st-century American physicists
University of Akron alumni
Ohio University faculty
Washington University in St. Louis alumni
Washington University physicists
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Fellows of the Institute of Physics
Alexander Mikhaylovich Davydov (Александр Михайлович Давыдов, real name Israil Moiseyevich Levenson, Израиль Моисеевич Левенсон; March 25, 1872, - June 28, 1944) was a Russian and Soviet opera and operetta singer, later a theatre director, pedagogue and memoirist. In 1924 he was designated a Meritorious Artist of the Republic.
Biography
Israil Levenson was born in the town of Kobeliaky, Poltava Governorate, to the family of a Jewish teacher. Aged twelve he made a journey to Kiev where he started to perform, singing in cafes and restaurants. One of the musicians he made friends with, Ippolit Pryanishnikov helped the young man to join the Kiev opera choir.
After studying for two years under Camille Everardi, in 1892 Alexander Davydov made his debut at the Tiflis opera. Then he developed a passion to operetta and started travelling from one city to another, performing in local theatres. In 1900 he joined the Saint Petersburg's Mariinsky Theatre and made his debut there as Hermann in The Queen of Spades to huge critical and popular acclaim.
Davydov, the most popular male Russian singer of his generation, made about 400 gramophone recordings in 1901-1912. His huge repertoire included 85 operas and 30 operettas. In 1909 Sergey Dyagilev invited now famous Davydov to take part in his Russian Seasons in Paris.
In 1914 due to progressing deafness Davydov was forced to quit opera but continued to perform, singing popular songs and romances. In 1924 he departed to France and was invited by Fyodor Chalyapin to become the artistic director of his opera troupe. In 1935 Davydov returned to the USSR. In his later years he taught vocals at Mariinsky Theatre (known at the time as the Kirov Opera and Ballet Theatre) and published memoirs on Tchaikovsky and Chalyapin, among many other musicians and composers he'd met.
Alexander Davydov died in Moscow on June 28, 1944.
References
1872 births
1944 deaths
People from Kobeliaky
People from Kobelyaksky Uyezd
Russian opera singers
Tenors
People's Artists of the RSFSR
Mykola Volodymyrovych Lyushnyak (born February 8, 1974; Berezhany, Ternopil Oblast, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian public and political figure and businessman. Candidate of Agricultural Sciences (2010). People's Deputy of Ukraine of the 8th and 9th convocations.
Member of the temporary investigative commission of the Verkhovna Rada to investigate possible illegal actions of government officials and others who could contribute to the violation of state sovereignty, territorial integrity and inviolability of Ukraine and pose a threat to national security of Ukraine (May 19, 2021).
Biography
As a member of the UDAR political party, was a candidate in the single-mandate constituency No. 166 from the UDAR party in the 2012 elections to the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine.
Mykola Lyushnyak received 49,526 votes or 40.48% in the 2014 elections to the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine in the single-mandate constituency No. 166 in the Ternopil region. The main rival, Mykhailo Apostol, a People's Deputy from the constituency at the time, stated that the results of the voting had been falsified at a press conference at the Ternopil Press Club. According to the results of the voting, he became a People's Deputy of Ukraine.
Non-partisan, in the Verkhovna Rada of the 9th convocation he is a member of the "Trust" parliamentary group.
References
1974 births
Living people
People from Berezhany
Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reform politicians
Eighth convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada
Ninth convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada
Isabel Bloom (February 20, 1908 – May 1, 2001) was an Iowa artist best known for her concrete sculptures of animals and children.
Early life
Isabel Rose Scherer was born in Galveston, Texas to Charles F. and Adeline (Paradise) Scherer in 1908. The family moved to Davenport, IA when she was an infant. She showed artistic promise from a young age and studied at many different institutions including, the Immaculate Conception Academy, the Vogue School of Fashion and Design, and the Chicago Art Institute. She learned sculpture while studying at Grant Wood's Stone City Art Colony in central Iowa under Florence Sprague. This is where she met her future husband, John Bloom. The two married in 1938.
Career
Isabel became involved in the local art community, teaching ceramics and exhibiting locally and regionally. Her artwork was displayed at the Davenport Municipal Art Gallery and she frequently won awards at the annual Quad City Art Show. She taught for the Davenport Park Board and the Rock Island Adult Education program and led story time programs at the Davenport Public Library.
From 1953 to 1957 Isabel hosted a children's art television program called "Let's Make Art" on WOC-TV in Davenport. Each show featured a children's story or fairy tale and art lesson and featured original sets she painted and characters she made from clay.
In the 1940s and 1950s, Isabel began experimenting with sculpting with wet cement. She founded her sculpture business, Isabel Bloom, in Davenport, Iowa in the 1950s.
Legacy
In 2014 the Isabel Bloom Art Education Endowment was established to support art education in Scott County and Rock Island County schools by the company she founded.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20090908004411/http://www.ibloom.com/Page/Home.aspx?nt=130
https://web.archive.org/web/20100106235324/http://www.ibloomwholesale.com/
1908 births
2001 deaths
People from Galveston, Texas
Sculptors from Iowa
People from Davenport, Iowa
20th-century American sculptors
Sculptors from Texas
American women sculptors
20th-century American women artists
The Gambia women's national football team represents the Gambia in international women's football. It is governed by the Gambia Football Federation. As of December 2019, it has only competed in one major international competition, the 2018 Africa Women Cup of Nations qualification. The Gambia has two youth teams, an under-17 side that has competed in FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup qualifiers, and an under-19 side that withdrew from regional qualifiers for an under-19 World Cup. The development of a national team faces challenges similar to those across Africa, although the national football association has four staff members focusing on women's football.
History
The team
In 1985, few countries had women's national football teams. While the sport gained popularity worldwide in later decades, the Gambia's national team only played its first game in 2007. That game was not FIFA-recognized.
The Gambian Senior National Team's first appearance at a major event occurred in April 2018 when they lost a 1–2 result at Burkina Faso in the opening round of qualifying for the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations. In the second leg of the fixture, the Gambia produced a 2–1 victory of their own. As the results of both legs were identical, a penalty shoot-out was required to determine which squad would advance. The Gambia converted all five of its penalty kicks, and advanced to the second round of qualifying. The Gambia drew the defending Cup of Nations champions Nigeria as their second round opponent. They failed to score against the Super Falcons, and were eliminated from the tournament with a 0–7 aggregate line.
The country did not have a FIFA-recognised youth national team until 2012, when the Gambia under-17 women's team competed in Confederation of African Football qualifiers for the FIFA U-17 World Cup, to be held in Azerbaijan in September 2012. The Gambia fielded a team of 24 players, narrowed from an initial pool of 49 young women. Two girls from the SOS Children's Village Bakoteh were chosen as a member of the team. The Gambia first played Sierra Leone in a pair of qualifying matches for the tournament. The Gambia won the first match 3–0 in Banjul, the Gambia's capital. The return match was delayed for 24 hours and played in Makeni. The Gambia beat Sierra Leone 4–3 to qualify for the final round. The Gambia then beat Tunisia 1–0 at home and won 2–1 in the away fixture. Adama Tamba and Awa Demba scored the Gambia's goals. Tunisia's only goal was a Gambian own goal. The win qualified the Gambia for the 2012 Azerbaijan World Cup.
The Gambia also has an under-19 team that was to play in the 2002 African U-19 Women's Championship. That Gambian squad's first match was to be against Morocco, but the team withdrew from the competition.
Background and development
The development of women's football in Africa faces several challenges, including limited access to education, poverty amongst women, inequalities and human rights abuses targeting women. Funding is another issue impacting the game in Africa, where most financial assistance comes from FIFA and not national football associations. Another challenge is the retention of football players. Many women footballers leave the continent to seek greater opportunity in Europe or the United States.
Gambia's national football association was founded in 1952, and became affiliated with FIFA in 1968. Football is the most popular women's sport in the country, and was first played in an organized system in 1998. A national competition was launched in 2007, the same year FIFA started an education course on football for women.
Competition was active on both the national and scholastic levels by 2009. There are four staffers dedicated to women's football in the Gambia Football Association, and representation of women on the board is required by the association's charter.
Death of Fatim Jawara
In September 2016, Fatim Jawara, a member of the national team, left Serekunda in her homeland the Gambia and crossed the Sahara Desert to Libya. In November 2016, she travelled with others on two boats across the Mediterranean Sea, heading towards the Lampedusa island of Italy. She did this as she sought to smuggle herself into Europe, where the national team was due to play Casa Sports F.C. from Senegal as part of a festival to celebrate women's football. Due to a severe storm, their boats capsized and Jawara drowned at the age of 19, with her family was contacted several days after the tragedy. Lamin Kaba Bajo, President of the Gambia Football Federation, said "We are grieving at the moment as this is a great loss to the national soccer team and the nation."
Team image
Home stadium
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Legend
2021
2022
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
Manager history
Bubacarr Jallow (????–2022)
Bubacarr Jallow(2022–)
Players
Current squad
The following players were called up to play at two International Friendlies in April 2022.
Caps and goals accurate up to and including 19 June 2021.
List of players still not update
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to a Gambia squad in the past 12 months.
Records
*Active players in bold, statistics correct as of 1 August 2021.
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Olympic Games
Africa Women Cup of Nations
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
African Games
WAFU Women's Cup record
Honours
All−time record against FIFA recognized nations
The list shown below shows the Djibouti national football team all−time international record against opposing nations.
*As of xxxxxx after match against xxxx.
Key
Record per opponent
*As ofxxxxx after match against xxxxx.
Key
The following table shows Djibouti's all-time official international record per opponent:
See also
Sport in the Gambia
Football in the Gambia
Women's football in the Gambia
Gambia national football team
Women's football
References
External links
African women's national association football teams
women
Pleuranthodium trichocalyx is a monocotyledonous plant species first described by Theodoric Valeton, and given its current name by Rosemary Margaret Smith. Pleuranthodium trichocalyx is part of the genus Pleuranthodium and the family Zingiberaceae.
The species' range is in Papua New Guinea. No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life.
References
trichocalyx
Taxa named by Rosemary Margaret Smith
John Lavine is a United States journalist and educator and currently the chief executive officer of StrategicMediaGroup.com. Previously, he was a media company publisher and editor, and then professor and Dean of Northwestern University's Medill School of Journalism, Media, Integrated Marketing Communications, as well as a professor of media management and strategy at the Kellogg School of Management.
For more than 30 years, Lavine has studied and spoken internationally about emerging media and content trends and how to increase audience engagement and understanding. Most recently, he has produced digital learning content for more than 40,000 professionals in 194 countries and focused on building social media with measured return on investment.
Life
Lavine graduated from Carleton College in 1963. The first half of Lavine's career spanned 25 years as a publisher and editor of a group of four daily and four weekly newspapers in Wisconsin. His editorials were syndicated nationally by King Features. He held leadership positions with major industry associations, including Newspaper Association of America, Inland Press, and Inter American Press Association.
During those years, Lavine was the publisher and co-founder with Kenneth Swaiman of Pediatric Neurology, an international medical journal. He was also a co-founder of the American half of Cygnet Films of London. The company made documentaries, films for television, educational and sports films, and it was the official cinematographers for the American Basketball Association.
During his years as a media executive, Lavine concentrated his volunteer time on education. He was a regent and vice president of the University of Wisconsin System Board of Regents and was instrumental in merging the state universities and the University of Wisconsin into what was then the nation's fourth largest university system. In addition, he served as a trustee of Coker College, an experimental school in Hartsville, North Carolina, as well as a member of the board of Antioch College in Yellow Springs, Ohio, and on the board of one of the nation's federal educational laboratories.
He received an honorary LLD degree from Emerson College in Boston, Massachusetts.
Beginning in the 1980s, Lavine helped to create the academic field of media management. From 1984 to 1989 he was the first John and Elizabeth Cowles Professor of Media Management and Economics at the University of Minnesota.
He co-authored with Danial Wackman, Managing Media Organizations: Effective Leadership of the Media. It was the first text on the subject.
In 1989, Lavine came to Northwestern University, where he founded the Media Management Center. From 1989 through 2005, the center educated senior executives around the world and did research on some of the media's most pressing problems. The center conducted millions of dollars of research on audience engagement with print, broadcast, and digital media. Lavine regularly presented the Media Management Center's research findings to thousands of media leaders in the U.S. and internationally.
Lavine also launched and chaired the Kellogg School of Management's major in media management for MBAs. He directed the major study of Latin American media for the Inter American Press Association and in 2004 created the International Media Management Academic Association (IMMAA) with Professor Christian Scholz from the University of Saarland in Saarbruken, Germany.
On January 9, 2006, Lavine became dean of the Medill School of Journalism. He was asked by Northwestern's president and provost to envision and lead a major plan to prepare Medill for the digital age. The school's faculty grew by more than 50 percent and was commended by the accrediting agency ACEJMC for its pace setting accomplishments. Medill and the School of Communication also opened Northwestern's first new campus in Doha, Qatar.
In reaction to the sweeping changes Lavine instituted to bring Medill into the digital age, there was also backlash and controversy. In 2008, he was the subject of an investigation by Northwestern Provost Daniel I. Linzer into whether Lavine fabricated quotes in the alumni magazine from unidentified students who supported what was happening at the school. Wrote Linzer: "The committee found that there is ample evidence that the quotes were consistent with sentiment students expressed about the course in course evaluations and no evidence to point to any likelihood that the quotes were fabricated."
After finishing six years as a dean, Lavine and the Media Management Center team pioneered the creation of a series of MOOCs - massive open online courses - for professionals. The last MOOCs he taught were taken by more than 40,000 people in 194 countries. The Center's MOOCs consistently incorporated new approaches and technologies to personalize and deepen the impact for the professionals who took them. In 2016, Northwestern honored Lavine with emeritus status as a professor and as Medill's dean.
In 2016, Lavine moved from Evanston, Illinois to Marin County, north of San Francisco and became CEO of StrategicMediaGroup.com.
References
Living people
Northwestern University faculty
Journalism academics
Carleton College alumni
Antioch University people
University of Wisconsin people
University of Minnesota faculty
Editors of Wisconsin newspapers
Year of birth missing (living people)
"The Duck Yas-Yas-Yas" or "The Duck's Yas Yas Yas" is a hokum jazz-blues song, originally recorded by James "Stump" Johnson, but the most well known version was recorded by Oliver Cobb and his Rhythm Kings. The song is perhaps best known for the lyrics:
Background
The song is a "whorehouse tune", "a popular St. Louis party song." The song's title is explained by quoting the lyrics more fully: "Shake your shoulders, shake 'em fast, if you can't shake your shoulders, shake your yas-yas-yas".
Recordings
"The Duck's Yas Yas Yas" was originally recorded in St. Louis by pianist James "Stump" Johnson in late 1928 or January 1929. He recorded the tune at least three times during his career. Blues singer Tampa Red and Thomas A. Dorsey also recorded a version on May 13, 1929. Oliver Cobb recorded the song on August 16, 1929, before he died suddenly the next year. Eddie Johnson and The Crackerjacks recorded a cover of the song in 1932. In 1939, Tommy McClennan used some of the lyrics in his song "Bottle It Up and Go". It has been covered by The Three Peppers and by King Perry & His Pied Pipers (1951) in a hardly recognizable clean version. The song has also been performed by American folk singer Dave Van Ronk as "Yas Yas Yas" on his album Van Ronk Sings (1961), but his source was a variant recorded in the Bahamas by Blind Blake & his Royal Victoria Hotel Calypso Band under the name "Yes! Yes! Yes!" (released on Miami's Art Records label in 1951). John Lee Hooker used the first lines of the song in several of his interpretations of "Bottle Up and Go".
Other adaptations
The cartoonist Robert Crumb quoted the song in his comic strip album Zap Comix, no. 0, in 1967. It is quoted in the first panel of a story called "Ducks Yas Yas". He also recorded the tune in 1972 with his band, the Good Tone Banjo Boys (released on a transparent red vinyl 78 rpm stereo record). "The Duck's Yas-Yas-Ya" is also referenced on Captain Beefheart's album Trout Mask Replica (1969), on the track "Old Fart at Play", in which Beefheart sings, "Momma licked 'er lips like a cat, pecked the ground like a rooster, pivoted like a duck", mentioning all three protagonists from the most famous line of the blues song.
Christian recording artist Larry Norman recorded a version of the song on his 1981 album Something New Under the Son. Norman's version changes the tone of the song to that of a somewhat humorous cautionary tale and is renamed as "Watch What You're Doing." Norman took full writing credit for the song in the album's accompanying liner notes. Norman's version opens with the lyrics "Mama killed a chicken, thought it was a duck, she put it on the table with its legs sticking up, Papa broke his glasses, when he fell down drunk, tried to drown the kitty-cat, turned out to be a skunk, ya gotta watch what you're doing."
Jon Spencer Blues Explosion quoted the first three lines of the song in "Chicken Dog," on the album Now I Got Worry, sung by Rufus Thomas.
References
1928 songs
Jazz songs
Blues songs
Fictional chickens
Hokum blues songs
Songwriter unknown
Zachariah Gillam (also spelled Zachary Guillam) (1636–1682) was one of a family of New England sea captains involved in the early days of the Hudson's Bay Company.
Biography
The son of a prominent Massachusetts shipwright, he was engaged in the coastal trade. He must have known about and may have had some involvement in Radisson and Groseilliers' 1663 attempt to reach Hudson Bay from Boston. In 1665 his elder brother carried Radisson and Groseilliers to England which presumably increased his contact with the two adventurers. In 1668, in command of the 43-ton Nonsuch he carried Groseilliers from England to Hudson Bay where they wintered at the mouth of the Rupert River and returned the following year with £1,300 in furs. In May 1670, the same month that the Hudson's Bay Company was founded, he left England in the 75½-ton Prince Rupert with Groseilliers accompanied by Wivenhoe with Radisson and the new governor Charles Bayly. Bayly's attempt to found a fort at Port Nelson, Manitoba failed, so they returned to the Rupert River where they wintered, traded, explored the Moose River (Ontario) and returned to England in October, 1671. He returned in Prince Rupert in 1672/73 and again in 1674/75. At about this time he quarreled with Radisson, each accusing the other of peculation, and Gillam was dismissed from the HBC service. He was engaged in the coastal trade to North Carolina from 1677 to 1680 when he was accused of involvement in the 1677 Culpeper's Rebellion and sent in custody to England. In 1682 he returned to the HBC service and in June of that year left for the bay in Prince Rupert along with four other ships. Prince Rupert and Albemarle were to found a post at Port Nelson, Manitoba. When he arrived on 7 September he found two other groups already there. One was French under Radisson and Groseilliers who had returned to the French service and the other was a non-HBC expedition from Boston under Gillam's son Benjamin. On 21 October, during a storm, Prince Rupert dragged anchor and drifted out to sea. With only about nine men on board it was difficult to control her and she was crushed by the ice, losing all hands including Captain Gillam.
His elder brother Benjamin Gillam was in 1665 in command of Charles which brought Radisson and Groseilliers to England where they began the foundation of the Hudson's Bay Company.
His son Benjamin Gillam (1662/63-1706) appears in the records only in reference to the 1682 events at Port Nelson. On 21 June 1682 he left Boston for Hudson Bay in Bachelor's Delight intending to break into the HBC monopoly. On reaching Port Nelson he was soon joined by a French group under Radisson and then by his father's official HBC expedition. His father died in October and Benjamin was captured by the French in February. He was taken to Quebec, released and returned to Boston. Here he was briefly arrested for violating the monopoly but was soon released. The HBC later claimed him for its own and based its claim to Port Nelson on the grounds that Benjamin had arrived before the French party.
In 1690 the family appears in the records as shipbuilders for English Merchants.
References
Biography at the Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
Arthur S. Morton, 'A History of the Canadian West to 1870-71', no date, but circa 1940
1636 births
1682 deaths
Hudson's Bay Company people
Gadowar Singh Sahota (Punjabi: ਗਦੋਵਰ ਸਿੰਘ ਸਹੋਤਾ); born December 8, 1954) is an Indo-Canadian semi-retired professional wrestler known as Gama Singh (Punjabi: ਗਾਮਾ ਸਿੰਘ) and Great Gama Sahota was a villainous mainstay and top attraction in Stu Hart's Stampede Wrestling in Calgary for much of the 1970s and 1980s. Sahota also wrestled internationally in Japan, South Africa, Germany, Kuwait, Dubai, Oman, Australia, the United States and the Caribbean. He also worked sporadically, mostly on overseas tours, for Vince McMahon and the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) from 1980-86. His nephew is former WWE Champion Jinder Mahal. Singh made a brief comeback of sorts in 2018, when he signed with Impact Wrestling as the manager for a stable of Indian wresters known as the Desi Hit Squad, but quietly left in 2020.
Early life
His father emigrated to Canada from Punjab, India, with his family joining him in 1963. Sahota went to school in Merritt, British Columbia and excelled in amateur wrestling.
Professional wrestling career
Early career (1973–1974)
In the early 1970s Sahota met Bill Persack, an old time wrestler at a Vancouver YMCA; Persack had watched him wrestle in the amateur ranks and agreed to train him. Training Singh for six months, Persack suggested he go to Calgary, Alberta and Stu Hart's Stampede Wrestling to further his career. Upon moving to Calgary and meeting with Stu Hart, Sahota began training with Carlos Colon, debuting in Stampede Wrestling in 1973. He would first compete under his own name, but by 1974 would take on the name "Great Gama", in reference to the great Indian star at the turn of the 20th century.
Stampede Wrestling (1974–1990)
Beginning his wrestling career in 1973, Gama Singh was one of the most hated wrestlers of all time in the Stampede Wrestling territory. Singh would first find success in the tag team ranks, winning Stampede's Tag Titles on two occasions, before going on to feud with the Dynamite Kid, taking the Mid-Heavyweight title from him in a ladder match. His most famous championship run, however, would be with Stampede Wrestling's British Commonwealth Mid-Heavyweight Championship, which he would win six times in the 1980s; with title victories over future renowned stars such as Davey Boy Smith, Owen Hart and Chris Benoit.
Also in the 1980s Gama was a founding member and leader of the hated Karachi Vice stable, which also included Makhan Singh, Steve DiSalvo, Vokhan Singh, Kerry Brown, Rhonda Singh, Ron Starr and managers JR Foley and Abu Wizal. A much reviled play on the popular 80s TV series Miami Vice and the city of Karachi in Pakistan; the Karachi Vice would dominate Stampede Wrestling in the late 1980s, becoming a cult sensation within Calgary. In an era when wrestling was treated as a real sport rather than spectacle, Gama Singh incensed much hatred as a wrestling villain in Calgary, receiving racist threats and often encountered people swearing at him on the street. Stampede wrestling would be purchased by Vince McMahon's World Wrestling Federation (WWF) in 1984, but return under Bruce Hart running with Gama as one of the top attractions until 1990.
NWA: All-Star Wrestling (1977–1979)
Aside from Stampede Wrestling, and his later WWF tours, Gama Singh spent much of the late 1970s in Vancouver's All-Star Wrestling. He mostly competed in Tag Team bouts with partners such as Guy Mitchell and Buck Zumhofe; culminating in a Tag Title win with partner Igor Volkoff.
International career (1978–1994)
Apart from competing in the odd NWA affiliated promotion in the United States; Singh also took part in several tours of NJPW in Japan in the late 1970s, often teaming with Tiger Jeet Singh, and taking on greats such as Tatsumi Fujinami, Seiji Sakaguchi and Riki Choshu. At various times in his career, Gama worked for WWC and various other promotions in the Caribbean as well; once winning the WWC Caribbean Heavyweight Championship from Ciclon Negro in Puerto Rico in 1980. He would also prove very popular in South Africa, engaging in tours which included bouts against his friend Bad News Allen; and also competed for WPW in Germany in the mid-1990s, teaming with longtime associate 'Champagne' Gerry Morrow.
World Wrestling Federation/WWF (1980–1986)
In the early eighties, Vince McMahon, Jr. widely expanded the WWE and was looking for an Indian wrestler to work on various tours in the Middle East. Gama Singh began working for Jack Tunney in Toronto and then worked several overseas tours for the WWF in Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Oman, Australia and Hawaii. While in the United States in 1984/1985, Singh would mostly compete in undercard matches on WWF house-shows. He would, however, appear on WWF television defeating Johnny Rodz on Prime Time Wrestling, and also appeared on the June 27, 1985 edition of WWF's Tuesday Night Titans; interviewed by McMahon and accompanied by an Indian Rock Python.
Impact Wrestling (2018–2020)
Singh signed a deal with Impact Wrestling in January 2018 as a manager of the Desi Hit Squad with Rohit Raju, Gursinder Singh, Mahabali Shera and his son Raj Singh, but when COVID-19 pandemic travel restrictions began in 2020, he remained in Canada, and did not return to Impact once it resumed tapings in Nashville, quietly leaving the company.
Personal life
Gama started investing money in real estate eventually becoming a renowned real estate developer in Calgary. His brother Akam would also become a professional wrestler, as would his son, Raj Singh. His nephew Yuvraj Singh Dhesi, would go on to the WWE, as Jinder Mahal and win the WWE Championship in 2017.
Championships and accomplishments
Central States Wrestling
NWA Central States Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Bob Brown
NWA All-Star Wrestling
NWA Canadian Tag Team Championship (Vancouver version) (1 time) - with Igor Volkoff
Stampede Wrestling
Stampede Wrestling British Commonwealth Mid-Heavyweight Championship (6 times)
Stampede Wrestling International Tag Team Championship (3 times) - with Ed Morrow (2) and Crary Stevenson (1)
Stampede Wrestling World Mid-Heavyweight Championship (3 times)
World Wrestling Council
WWC Caribbean Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
WWC Trinidad and Tobago Tag Team Championship (1 time) - with Victor Jovica
References
External links
Slam Wrestling Hall of Fame
1954 births
20th-century professional wrestlers
Canadian male professional wrestlers
Living people
Stampede Wrestling alumni
Indian emigrants to Canada
Indian male professional wrestlers
Canadian male actors of Indian descent
Stampede Wrestling British Commonwealth Mid-Heavyweight Champions
Stampede Wrestling International Tag Team Champions
Stampede Wrestling World Mid-Heavyweight Champions
Stafford County (standard abbreviation: SF) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 4,072. Its county seat is St. John. The county is named in honor of Lewis Stafford, captain of Company E, First Kansas Infantry, who was killed at the Battle of Young's Point in Madison Parish, Louisiana on June 7, 1863.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but kept title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land in modern-day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1879, Stafford County was established.
The boundaries of Stafford County were defined by the Kansas Legislature of 1870 but for several years, the county remained unorganized. The Legislature of 1875, with the intention of obliterating the county from the map, gave the territory in Stafford County to other counties. They gave the portion in Range 15 West to Pawnee County; the portion included in Ranges 11, 12, 13 and 14 to Barton County; and the south half of the county, excepting the portion in Range 15, was added to Pratt County. But after each of the counties had taken its part, a strip six miles wide and twelve miles long (two townships) remained as Stafford County. This was the condition of the county until April 25, 1879, when, by a decision of the Supreme Court, the act of the Legislature dividing the county was declared unconstitutional and the county was restored to its original boundaries.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Barton County (north)
Rice County (northeast)
Reno County (east)
Pratt County (south)
Edwards County (west)
Pawnee County (west)
National protected area
Quivira National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 4,789 people, 2,010 households, and 1,294 families residing in the county. The population density was 6 people per square mile (2/km2). There were 2,458 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 94.97% White, 0.15% Black or African American, 0.38% Native American, 0.13% Asian, 2.97% from other races, and 1.42% from two or more races. 5.41% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 2,010 households, out of which 29.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.90% were married couples living together, 5.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.60% were non-families. 33.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.99.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.30% under the age of 18, 5.40% from 18 to 24, 24.60% from 25 to 44, 22.50% from 45 to 64, and 21.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 95.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,107, and the median income for a family was $38,235. Males had a median income of $27,328 versus $21,063 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,409. About 8.70% of families and 11.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.20% of those under age 18 and 8.90% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Stafford County is often carried by Republican Candidates. The last time they have been carried by a democratic candidate was in 1976 by Jimmy Carter.
Presidential elections
Laws
Although the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 to allow the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with the approval of voters, Stafford County remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until an election in 2016 when this prohibition was removed by 1,304 to 535, 71% of the vote.
Education
Unified school districts
Stafford USD 349
St. John-Hudson USD 350
Macksville USD 351
Communities
Cities
Hudson
Macksville
Radium
Seward
Stafford
St. John
Unincorporated communities
Dillwyn
Neola
Zenith
Townships
Stafford County is divided into twenty-one townships. None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent, and all figures for the townships include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Stafford County, Kansas
References
Notes
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Stafford County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 56 pages; 1904.
External links
County
Stafford County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Stafford County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1879 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1879
Tricarico ( ; ) is a town and comune in the province of Matera, Basilicata, southern Italy.
It is home to one of the best preserved medieval historical centres in Lucania.
Etymology
The origin of the name Tricarico is unknown. It might derive from the Greek treis ("three") and cara (head/skull in Hellenistic-era Greek: η κάρα, τό κάρα, η κάρη). That is "having three heads". According to a slightly different hypothesis, it could have originally been Triacricon, deriving from the Greek words tria/treis and acron/acra, which during Antiquity and Early Middle Ages meant both an "apex/summit", and a "citadel", with Triacricon thus meaning a city made by connecting "three citadels". These three acra/citadels were no other than the site of the 9th c Arabic castle of Saracena in the north, the site of a 9th-10th c Byzantine Rocca fortificata in the south, improved during the 11th-12th c by the Normans, and then, during the 13th c, by the Hohenstaufen, and also the site of the 14th c Palazzo Ducale in the middle. Probably the three sites were simultaneously fortified even before the successive occupations.
History
Although of ancient origin, the first news documented about the town dates to 849, when it was a Lombard county included in the gastaldate of Salerno. Later (9th century - late 10th century) it was an Arabic stronghold. The terrace gardens, of Arabic origin, are still in use today. In 968 Tricarico was conquered by the Byzantine Empire, and then, in 1048, it became a Norman fortified town.
In the 15th century, there was a Jewish community.
Main sights
The roads and alleys of the historical center reflect the Arabic quarters of the Ràbata and the Saracena.
Sights in the town include:
Cathedral of the Assunta, built by Robert Guiscard. Here, in 1383, Louis I of Anjou was crowned king of Naples.
Norman tower, with a height of .
Towers of Ràbata and Saracena.
Ducal Palace, now home to the archaeological museum
Sanctuary of Madonna di Fonti
The archaeological area of Civita is situated outside the city. It includes a Roman fortified center that extends for approximately and consists of stone buildings with squared blocks, fortified with monumental doors. In the interior, some rooms have mosaic pavements over 2,500 years old.
Also present is the Cerra del Cedro archaeological site, inhabited from as early as the 6th century to the 3rd century BC.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Elizabeth "Lizzy" Patrick (born 2 March 1985) is an Australian rowing coxswain – a national champion, world champion and a dual Olympian. From 2005 to 2014 she was the prominent coxswain in Australian women's rowing, steering every Australian representative senior women's eight raced at a premier international regatta in that decade.
Personal
Born in Melbourne, Australia Patrick attended Canterbury Primary School and Methodist Ladies' College, Melbourne. From 2003 to 2006 she took a degree in Exercise and Sport Science at Deakin University. Patrick is tall, weighs and is married to rowing coach Peter Kupcis.
Club and state rowing
Patrick took up coxing at school at Methodist Ladies' College, Melbourne. Her senior club rowing was from the Melbourne University Boat Club.
Patrick's first state representative selection came in 2004 to the Victorian youth eight contesting the Bicentennial Cup at the Interstate Regatta within the Australian Rowing Championships. Patrick was selected in Victorian senior women's eights to contest the Queen's Cup at the Australian Championships on nine consecutive occasions from 2005 to 2014. She steered all nine of those crews to victory.
In Melbourne University colours she coxed eights contesting the women's heavyweight national Australian titles at the Australian Rowing Championships from 2005 to 2010. She was in the stern of a composite Victorian eight who won that title in 2009.
International representative rowing
Patrick's first Australian representative selection was as coxswain to the Australian senior women's eight in 2005. They performed at the World Rowing Cups I and II in Europe before travelling to Gifu, Japan where at the 2005 World Rowing Championships they won the gold and a World Championship title. For the next three years the Australian women's eight was at least half-filled with Victorian rowers from that state's champion Queens Cup crews and Patrick too kept a hold on her seat and on the rudder ropes of that senior representative boat.
She steered the Australian eight's campaign at two 2006 World Rowing Cups in Europe before the 2006 World Rowing Championships at Eton, Dorney where they beat Germany in the first heat for a place in the final. They went on to finish third and win bronze. In 2007 Patrick was again in the stern at both Rowing World Cups and for the World Championships. She called their races to a fifth place at World Cup I and fourth at the World Cup II. At the 2007 World Championships in Munich she steered them to a fourth placing.
Prospects looked good for the Australian women's eight in the 2008 Olympic year. They won at the World Rowing Cup I in Munich and finished second at World Rowing Cup II in Lucerne with Patrick on the box in both campaigns. However at Beijing in 2008 in spite of expectations, the crew steered by Patrick, finished sixth overall.
In the lead up to the Beijing Games, she carried the Olympic torch as it passed through Australia.
From 2009 to 2011 Patrick remained Australian's most successful female coxswain steering consistent domestic Queen's Cup wins, however in those years no Australian heavyweight senior women's eight was sent to a World Championship or World Rowing Cup regatta. The eight selected for the 2012 Olympics named themselves the "Motley Crew". and began their campaign with an Olympic qualification regatta in Lucerne. With new stroke Phoebe Stanley and Patrick communicating at the stern end, the Australian women's eight set a time of 6 min 12.36 secs and qualified for the London Olympics. They raced in Europe to a fourth place in World Cup II in Lucerne and fifth at World Cup III in Munich and participated in a training camp at the Australian Institute of Sport European Training Centre in Varese, Italy. Ultimately the crew was disappointed with their sixth place finish at the London 2012 Olympic regatta.
Patrick kept competing at the elite level after the London Olympics and coxed the 2013 Australian women's senior eight who raced in a home World Rowing Cup in Sydney toa first placing. That crew was selected for the 2013 World Rowing Championships in Chungju Korea and placed fifth. Lizzy's final Australian representative appearance was in 2014 in the women's eight who raced at the World Rowing Cup III and then contested the 2014 World Rowing Championships. They placed tenth overall.
References
Living people
1985 births
Australian female rowers
Olympic rowers of Australia
Rowers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Rowers from Melbourne
World Rowing Championships medalists for Australia
Coxswains (rowing)
21st-century Australian women
Sârbeni is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Sârbeni, Sârbenii de Jos and Udeni.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
The Women's 400 metre individual medley competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 16 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held at 10:51.
Final
The final was held at 18:35.
References
Women's 400 metre individual medley
2016 in women's swimming
Joe Garten (born August 13, 1968) is an American former professional football player who was an offensive lineman in the Canadian Football League (CFL) and World League of American Football (WLAF). He played college football for the Colorado Buffaloes, where he was a two-time consensus All-American. He played professionally for the Las Vegas Posse and San Antonio Texans of the CFL, and the Barcelona Dragons and Frankfurt Galaxy of the WLAF.
Professional career
Garten was selected by the Green Bay Packers in the sixth round (164th pick overall) of the 1991 NFL Draft.
References
1968 births
Living people
All-American college football players
American football centers
American football offensive guards
American players of Canadian football
Barcelona Dragons players
Canadian football offensive linemen
Colorado Buffaloes football players
Frankfurt Galaxy players
Green Bay Packers players
Las Vegas Posse players
San Antonio Texans players
The Partridge and Orange is an artificial fly commonly categorized as a wet fly or soft hackle and is fished under the water surface. The fly is a very well known fly with its roots set firmly in English angling history. It is an impressionistic pattern fished successfully during caddis hatches and spinner falls. The Partridge and Orange is traditionally a trout and grayling pattern but may be used for other aquatic insect feeding species.
Origin
Soft-hackled flies as they are known today and in particular The Partridge and Orange originated in the north country of England and were first described by Joseph Wells in his 1842 publication THE CONTEMPLATIVE ANGLER. Later, T. E. Pritt's Yorkshire Trout Flies (1895) publication built upon Wells' earlier work and contained many of Wells' listed patterns, and were probably from the same source.
Sylvester Nemes in The Soft-hackled Fly popularized this style of artificial fly in the early 1980s while giving credit to Pritt and many others for the evolution of these genera of pattern which had also been known as spiders.
Imitates
The Partridge and Orange resembles emerging caddis pupa, diving adult caddis or sunken may fly spinners
Pattern
Hook: 12 – 18 medium/light wet fly or caddis pupa
Thread: Orange 6/0 or 8/0
Body: Formed with tying thread
Rib: Fine gold wire (optional)
Hackle: Mottled brown partridge
Variations and sizes
The Partridge and Orange is typically tied on standard wet fly and nymph hooks unweighted but may be tied on short caddis pupa hooks. Some tiers tie a bead head version. The gold ribbing may be omitted or replaced with a thread ribbing. There are similar versions of this fly known as the Partridge and Yellow and the Partridge and Green. Many tiers include a small section of fur dubbing for a thorax. Soft-hackle nymphs based on the Partridge and Orange design are tied with a wide variety of quill, feather and dubbed bodies.
Gallery
References
Further reading
Smith, Robert L (2015). The North Country Fly: Yorkshire's Soft Hackle Tradition. Machynlleth, Powys. Coch-y-Bonddu Books. .
External links
Partridge and Orange at FlyAnglersOnline
Tying the Partridge and Orange
The Lost Flies of The Yorkshire Dales
Seven Magnificent North Country Spiders
Wet fly patterns
Yumashevo () is a rural locality (a selo) in and the administrative centre of Yumashevsky Selsoviet, Baymaksky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 1,006 as of 2010. There are 16 streets.
Geography
Yumashevo is located 33 km west of Baymak (the district's administrative centre) by road. Saygafar is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baymaksky District
The 12645 / 46 Ernakulam Hazrat Nizamuddin Millennium Express is a Superfast Express train belonging to Indian Railways - Southern Railway zone that runs between Ernakulam Junction and Hazrat Nizamuddin in India.
It operates as train number 12645 from Ernakulam Junction to Hazrat Nizamuddin and as train number 12646 in the reverse direction serving the 8 states of Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and Delhi.
Coaches
The 12645 / 46 Ernakulam Hazrat Nizamuddin Millennium Express has 1 AC 2 tier, 2 AC 3 tier, 11 Sleeper Class, 3 General Unreserved & 2 SLR (Seating cum Luggage Rake) Coaches. It does not carry a Pantry car coach but carries a green bogie for movement of fruits and vegetables.
As is customary with most train services in India, Coach Composition may be amended at the discretion of Indian Railways depending on demand.
Service
The 12645 Ernakulam Hazrat Nizamuddin Millennium Express covers the distance of in 46 hours 10 mins (60.80 km/hr) and in 48 hours 05 mins as 12646 Hazrat Nizamuddin Ernakulam Millennium Express (56.28 km/hr).
As the average speed of the train is above , as per Indian Railways rules, its fare includes a Superfast surcharge.
Routeing
The 12645 / 46 Ernakulam Hazrat Nizamuddin Millennium Express runs from Ernakulam Junction via Coimbatore Junction, Erode Junction, Katpadi Junction, Renigunta Junction, Gudur, Vijayawada Junction, Warangal, Balharshah, Nagpur, Itarsi Junction, Bhopal Junction, Jhansi Junction, Agra Cantonment, Mathura Junction to Hazrat Nizamuddin.
Traction
As route is fully electrified, an Erode or Royapuram based WAP-4 locomotive hauls the train for its entire journey.
Operation
12645 Ernakulam Hazrat Nizamuddin Millennium Express runs from Ernakulam Junction every Saturday reaching Hazrat Nizamuddin on the 3rd day.
12646 Hazrat Nizamuddin Ernakulam Millennium Express runs from Hazrat Nizamuddin every Tuesday reaching Ernakulam Junction on the 3rd day .
Future prospects
A request has been made to extend this train to Puducherry.
References
http://www.holidayiq.com/railways/millennium-express-12645-train.html
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EIYCBUy50sg
http://www.newindianexpress.com/states/tamil_nadu/article1459980.ece
External links
Named passenger trains of India
Rail transport in Kerala
Rail transport in Tamil Nadu
Rail transport in Andhra Pradesh
Rail transport in Telangana
Rail transport in Maharashtra
Rail transport in Madhya Pradesh
Rail transport in Uttar Pradesh
Rail transport in Delhi
Express trains in India
Manyukovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 30 as of 2002.
Geography
Manyukovskaya is located 17 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Mikhaylovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Ennis Independent School District is a public school district based in Ennis, Texas, United States.
In addition to Ennis, the district serves the towns of Alma, Bardwell, and Garrett in southeastern Ellis County. A portion of the district extends into northern Navarro County.
They were Texas football state champions in 1975, 2000, 2001, 2004 and 2014.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Schools
Ennis High School (grades 9–12)
Ennis Junior High School (grades 7–8)
Sam Houston Elementary (grades 1–3)
Stephen F. Austin Elementary (grades 1–3)
James Bowie Elementary (grades 1–3)
William B. Travis Elementary (grades 1–3)
David Crockett Early Childhood Center (grades PK–K)
George W. Carver Early Childhood Center (grades PK–K)
Jack Lummus Intermediate School (grades 4–6)
Dorie Miller Intermediate School (grades 4–6) - [Former Sixth Grade Center grade 6]
Alamo Education Center (alternative learning programs) - [Former High School]
The district also owns Lion Memorial Stadium, which is to the east of Ennis High School. It is a 10,000-capacity stadium which was completed in 2001, and is the home of the Ennis Lions.
References
External links
Ennis ISD
School districts in Ellis County, Texas
School districts in Navarro County, Texas
School districts established in 1881
In the Spirit of Crazy Horse is a book by Peter Matthiessen which chronicles "the story of Leonard Peltier and the FBI's war on the American Indian Movement." It was first published in 1983. Leonard Peltier was convicted of murder in 1977 and sentenced to life in prison for the 1975 killing of two FBI agents, after a trial which the author and many others allege was based on fabricated evidence, widespread fraud and government misconduct.
Synopsis
The book portrays a politically violent period on the Lakota Nation's Pine Ridge Indian Reservation during that time, including the 1973 'Wounded Knee Incident' and the following "Reign of Terror," and describes the 1975 'Pine Ridge Shoot–out' or 'Oglala Firefight' and the subsequent trials and their aftermath. Distribution of the book was interrupted for almost a decade while legal challenges against it were resolved.
Reception
The book was well received critically. Many scholars praised Matthiessen's veracity and accuracy, and the author's support for Leonard Peltier, AIM, and the Lakota people was acknowledged and appreciated by those parties.
The book was finally published in paperback in 1992 after lawsuits alleging libel were dismissed by the various courts and their decisions affirmed upon appeal. The lawsuits and their attendant rulings have become important and oft-cited cases in the areas of "media law" and "freedom of speech." After publicity generated by the lawsuits, the book became a bestseller.
Reception was not universally positive. In a review for the New York Times Book Review, law professor Alan Dershowitz wrote that Matthiessen "not only fails to convince, he inadvertently makes a strong case for Mr. Peltier's guilt. Invoking the clichés of the radical left, Mr. Matthiessen takes at face value nearly every conspiratorial claim of the movement, no matter how unfounded or preposterous. Every car crash, every unexplained death, every unrelated arrest fits into the seamless web of deceit he seems to feel woven by the FBI and its cohorts.". Scott Anderson's 1995 re-examination of the Peltier case for Outside magazine considered the impact of the book. Anderson wrote: "Taken as a whole, what Matthiessen had constructed was a vast subterranean network of conspirators—not just FBI agents, prosecutors, and judges, but apparently county coroners, stenographers, fire investigators, and Canadian Mounties—all working in concert to destroy an AIM lieutenant because he and his movement dared, in some intangible way, to threaten the interests of white corporate America."
Lawsuits
After publication of the book, two plaintiffs filed libel suits against Viking Press. Bill Janklow, the former Republican governor of South Dakota, filed a $24 million lawsuit in South Dakota. He also sued three booksellers in South Dakota who had sold hardcover copies of the book. This case was watched because of its repressive aspects related to bookselling.
Janklow's suit was based upon one paragraph in the book which has statements by AIM leader Dennis Banks referring to rape allegations made against Janklow by Jancita Eagle Deer, a young Brulé Lakota on the Rosebud Indian Reservation. Banks also noted Janklow's arrest for driving drunk and nude on the Crow Creek Reservation in South Dakota in 1973.
Janklow filed a separate lawsuit against Newsweek magazine (Janklow v. Newsweek, 788 F2d 1300) for an article that contained the disputed passage. In his complaint, referring to the statement by Banks about rape, Janklow "cited a 1975 letter from Philip W. Buchen, head of the Office of Counsel to the President of the United States, to the Senate Committee on Labor and Public Welfare, saying that three Federal investigations found the allegations against him 'simply unfounded'. The Senate committee was considering Mr. Janklow's nomination as a director of the Legal Services Corporation." His appointment as Legal Service Corporation's first director was made by President Gerald Ford and approved by the U.S. Senate.
Viking Press filed a countersuit against Janklow in the Southern District of New York, which in part alleged that Janklow had interfered with the company's constitutional rights to publish and distribute the book. A South Dakota circuit court ruled that the book was not defamatory and terminated Janklow's lawsuit in 1984. Upon Janklow's appeal of the ruling, the South Dakota State Supreme Court reinstated the case in 1985.
David Price, an FBI agent who was at the Wounded Knee incident, filed two identical lawsuits against Viking: one in South Dakota state court (Price v. Viking Press, Inc., Civ. No. 84-448) and an identical suit (Price v. Viking Press, Inc., 625 F. Supp. 641) in federal court, seeking $25 million in United States District Court for the District of South Dakota. The case was transferred to a federal court in Minnesota.
The lawyers representing both Matthiessen and Viking Press in the federal suit in Minnesota were noted First Amendment lawyer Martin Garbus of Frankfurt, Garbus, Klein & Selz, New York City, with Barbara F.L. Penn, St. Paul, Minnesota.
In the Minnesota case, Federal District Court Judge Diana E. Murphy dismissed the Price suit. Her 33-page ruling noted, "Viking recognized that responsible publishing companies owe some duty to the public to undertake difficult but important works." Janklow's case in South Dakota was similarly dismissed. In both cases both the author and publisher were deemed to have been protected by the free speech clause of the First Amendment to the United States Constitution. It was noted that Matthiessen's book was clearly one with an opinion.
References
History books about the United States
History books about the 20th century
Native American history of South Dakota
Non-fiction books about Native Americans
American Indian Movement
Viking Press books
1983 non-fiction books
Books about South Dakota
Samuel Houston Mayes (May 11, 1845 – December 12, 1927) of Scots/English-Cherokee descent, was elected as Principal Chief of the Cherokee Nation in Indian Territory (present-day Oklahoma), serving from 1895 to 1899. His maternal grandfather belonged to the Deer clan, and his father was allied with members of the Cherokee Treaty Party in the 1830s, such as the Adair men, Elias Boudinot, and Major Ridge. In the late nineteenth century, his older brother Joel B. Mayes was elected to two terms as Chief of the Cherokee.
Born in Indian Territory, Mayes attended a Cherokee school, served with the Confederacy during the American Civil War, and become a cattle rancher before entering politics. He was elected as the United States was dissolving tribal governments and communal lands, and making allotments in severalty to individual households of Native Americans, in an effort to force assimilation, under the Dawes and Curtis acts.
Background
Samuel Houston Mayes was born May 11, 1845, near Stilwell, Oklahoma to Samuel and Nancy (Adair) Mayes. His mother Nancy Adair was of Scots-Cherokee descent, a granddaughter of Ga-hoga, a full-blood Cherokee woman of the Deer clan. Her father was of mixed race and belonged to his mother's clan, as the Cherokee were a matrilineal society, and children took their status from the mother. With his marriage, Samuel Mayes (1803–1858) was taken into the Adair family and the Cherokee community. His son Samuel was named for his father's friend Samuel Houston, a notable acquaintance from Tennessee. The Mayes migrated early to Indian Territory, together with the Adairs, Boudinots, Ridges and others of the Treaty Party.
Samuel's older brother was Joel B. Mayes (1833–1891), who was elected chief of the Cherokee in 1887 and 1891. Another older brother, Francis, was killed returning from California. The younger brothers each attended the Cherokee Male Seminary in Tahlequah, Indian Territory.
At age 16, Samuel Mayes volunteered for the Confederate Army in the American Civil War, serving in Company K, under Capt. Benjamin F. Carter and in the 2nd Cherokee Regiment under Col. Clem Vann through the war. Afterward he worked in Texas, then returned to Indian Territory, where he started to get involved in the stock business. He and his brother both worked in the cattle business, which was expanding with the use of Texas longhorn cattle and drives to get the cattle to the northern railroad heads.
Marriage and family
Mayes married Martha Elizabeth Vann (1852–1907) on November 9, 1871. From another prominent Cherokee family, she also was of mixed race. They had three children who survived: William Lucullis, Joseph Francis (who became a doctor), and M. Carrie Mayes, who married Clarence Samuels.
After his wife's death, on February 18, 1913, Mayes married Minnie Harrison née Ball, a widow, who survived him.
Political career
In 1880 Mayes was first elected to office, as sheriff of District. From 1885 to 1891, he served as senator from the same district. He ran on the same party as his brother had, the Downing ticket, and was elected as chief in 1895.
In 1893 Congress had created the Dawes Commission, to carry out the registration of members of Native American tribes and the allotment of communal lands, in an effort to force assimilation and provide Indians with land to own and manage. Initially the Indian Territory lands had been excluded, but Congress intended to allot those as well.
During Mayes' term as Chief beginning in 1896, the Dawes Commission took over the power of the Cherokee Nation to determine its citizenship rules. It had been established to manage a process of allotments of communal Native American lands to provide for assimilation of the people as farmers in the European-American style. In furtherance of planning to abolish tribal governments to allow the Oklahoma and Indian territories to be admitted jointly as a new state, the Dawes Commission set up to register the members of the Cherokee Nation. In 1898 the Curtis Act "dissolved tribal courts, directed a survey of the tribal lands, required that tribal rolls of membership be prepared and that the surface rights of the lands of the tribe be allotted in severalty among its members", all to achieve assimilation. The US government, through what is now called the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA), would appoint chiefs for the tribes. The Cherokee tried to fight this but were forced into negotiations instead. The Five Civilized Tribes finally had to agree to the allotment process.
Mayes appointed seven Cherokee delegates to the Dawes Commission on January 7, 1899. These delegates agreed to take the proposition to allot Cherokee lands and dissolve the Cherokee government to a vote. On January 31, 1899, the Cherokee voted to approve this agreement. But, the U.S. congress never ratified it. The delays of the Cherokee won them a more favorable agreement in 1902. Still, the allotment of communal lands destroyed an important community principle, that no member of the tribe would be homeless and that they could all help each other. The Cherokee lands were divided into allotments of approximately 110 acre-plots for individual households (Freedmen received 40 acres per household). The US government declared any remaining land as "surplus" and sold it to non-Native settlers.
Death and legacy
Mayes died on his farm on December 12, 1927 at Pryor Creek, Oklahoma.
Mayes County, Oklahoma, where he was a longtime resident, is named in his honor.
References
1927 deaths
1845 births
Cherokee Confederates
People from Mayes County, Oklahoma
Cherokee Nation politicians
People of Indian Territory
Principal Chiefs of the Cherokee Nation (1794–1907)
20th-century Native Americans
Ákos Kriza (10 February 1965 − 18 January 2021) was a Hungarian politician. Kriza was a member of Fidesz and served as mayor of Miskolc from 3 October 2010 to 13 October 2019.
Biography
Kriza was born in Oradea, Romania. He studied medicine at the University of Medicine and Pharmacy in Targu Mures and economics at the University of West Hungary. He received his medical degree in 1990 and moved to Miskolc the same year. He worked in the Diósgyőr Hospital then as a general practitioner until 1999 when he became a hospital manager. He joined Fidesz in 1997 and ran for mayor in 2006 when he was defeated by the incumbent mayor, Sándor Káli. After his party's landslide victory in the parliamentary elections in April 2010, he was elected mayor during the local elections held in the autumn, defeating Sándor Káli. Kriza was re-elected mayor during 2014 local elections, obtaining 42.27 percent of the vote and defeating opposition candidates Albert Pásztor, a former top police official, and Péter Jakab.
On 9 August 2019, Kriza announced he was not seeking re-election due to his long-standing tumor disease. The government party Fidesz nominated Zoltán Alakszai, the notary of Miskolc as their nominee for the position of mayor. Alakszai was defeated by local school headmaster and joint opposition candidate Pál Veres in the 2019 local elections.
Personal life
He was married to Zsuzsanna László. They have a daughter, Anna, and a son, Áron.
Ákos Kriza died on 18 January 2021, at the age of 55, after a long-term illness.
References
External links
1965 births
2021 deaths
People from Oradea
Mayors of places in Hungary
Fidesz politicians
The 1924 Wightman Cup was the 2nd edition of the Wightman Cup, the annual women's team tennis competition between the United States and Great Britain. It was held at the England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in Wimbledon, London in the United Kingdom. Great Britain defeated the visiting United States team, winning their first title.
Result
See also
1924 Davis Cup
References
Wightman Cups by year
Wightman Cup
Wightman Cup
Wightman Cup
Wightman Cup
Storror (stylized as STORROR) is a group of seven parkour and freerunning athletes from Britain. They have produced two documentaries and run a YouTube channel that has over 7 million subscribers and 800 million views.
History
Storror was established in 2010 by seven parkour athletes from Horsham (West Sussex), and Peacehaven (East Sussex) who met as teenagers. The team started with the Cave brothers and Drew Taylor, who were inspired by Jump London (2003) and Jump Britain (2005) documentaries. They began uploading videos to their YouTube channel, originally called StorrorBlog. They later met other members of British parkour communities and in 2010 established the Storror group and YouTube channel.
In 2011 and 2012, the team filmed two cliffs jumping videos in Malta that included jumps from Azure Window. In 2016, team member Max Cave leaped between the roofs of two Hong Kong skyscrapers and uploaded it to Instagram. They also filmed several other videos in Hong Kong which were published later.
In May 2017, Storror apologized for stunts performed at Joshua Tree National Park.
In September 2017, the team released their first documentary Roof Culture Asia, which features stunt made on the rooftops of Hong Kong, Tokyo and Seoul. They monetized this video through Vimeo. Storror made their feature film debut in Netflix's 6 Underground, released on 13 December 2019. They worked closely with director Michael Bay to perform parkour stunts on famous sites, such as the Florence Cathedral in Italy.
Media appearances
In December 2019, the team joined actor Ben Hardy on the red carpet of the New York premiere of 6 Underground.
In winter 2018, Drew Taylor appeared in adverts for Italian sportswear brand Ellesse alongside actress Jessica Barden.
In June 2018, the team shot and starred in a global campaign for Canon filmed in Istanbul, Turkey.
In December 2017, the team flew to Singapore with Asics to lead parkour workshops and demonstrations.
Toby Segar appeared on ITV show Ninja Warrior UK in 2015, 2016 and 2019.
Team members
As of January 2020, the Storror team are:
Max Cave (born 23 December 1991)
Benj Cave (born 28 January 1994)
Drew Taylor (born 25 July 1994), Guinness world record holder
Toby Segar (born 21 July 1994), Ninja Warrior UK finalist in 2015 and 2016
Callum Powell (born 8 August 1991)
Sacha Powell (born 16 June 1994)
Josh Burnett-Blake (born 13 February 1992)
References
External links
Official STORROR website
Storror YouTube channel
Traceurs
English YouTubers
2010 establishments in the United Kingdom
English YouTube groups
English male YouTubers
Sir Thomas Phillipps, 1st Baronet (2 July 1792 – 6 February 1872), was an English antiquary and book collector who amassed the largest collection of manuscript material in the 19th century. He was an illegitimate son of a textile manufacturer and inherited a substantial estate, which he spent almost entirely on vellum manuscripts and, when out of funds, borrowed heavily to buy manuscripts, thereby putting his family deep into debt. Phillipps recorded in an early catalogue that his collection was instigated by reading various accounts of the destruction of valuable manuscripts. Such was his devotion that he acquired some 40,000 printed books and 60,000 manuscripts, arguably the largest collection a single individual has created, and coined the term "vello-maniac" to describe his obsession, which is more commonly termed bibliomania.
The Collection
In 1808, when Phillipps was 16 years old, he already owned 112 books (largely Gothic chapbooks). Later in life he is recorded to have said that he wanted to own one of every book in the world. Philipps began collecting in earnest while still at Rugby, and his manuscript catalogue from 1811, now at the Grolier Club, shows a turn in his collecting from 1808. He continued buying books when he went on to University College, Oxford and graduated in 1815. In 1820, he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society.
A. N. L. Munby notes that, "[Phillipps] spent perhaps between two hundred thousand and a quarter of a million pounds[,] altogether four or five thousand pounds a year, while accessions came in at the rate of forty or fifty a week.". Phillipps would go into book shops and purchase the entire stock; he would receive dealers catalogues and buy all the listings; his agents bought entire lots of books at auction, outbidding his rival the British Museum. His country seat, Middle Hill near Broadway, Worcestershire gave over sixteen of twenty rooms to books. After Sir Frederic Madden, the keeper of manuscripts of the British Museum, visited the house, he wrote in his diary:The house looks more miserable and dilapidated every time I visit it, and there is not a room now that is not crowded with large boxes full of MSS. The state of things is really inconceivable. Lady P is absent, and were I in her place, I would never return to so wretched an abode. . . . Every room is filled with heaps of papers, MSS, books, charters, packages & other things, lying in heaps under your feet, piled upon tables, beds, chairs, ladders &c.&c. and in every room, piles of huge boxes, up to the ceiling, containing the more valuable volumes! It is quite sickening...The windows of the house are never opened, and the close confined air & smell of the paper & MSSis almost unbearable.
In 1850 at a meeting of the Cambrian Archaeological society (Cymdeithas Hynafiaethau Cymru), Phillips announced that he was seeking to locate his large collection at a location in Wales. He employed a distant relative by marriage, Amelia Elizabeth Guppy, to photograph some of his collection in 1853 including artefacts from Babylon and Utrecht.
In 1863, Phillipps began to move the collection as he was fearful that his son-in-law, James Orchard Halliwell, would gain ownership of it when Phillipps's estranged daughter inherited Middle Hill. Halliwell was apparently a book thief (Phillips accused Halliwell of stealing his 1603 copy of Hamlet which he sold to the British Museum minus the title page containing Phillipps' book stamp) and also a destroyer of other valuable old books, cutting out pages to stick them in his scrapbook. At least 105 wagon-loads, each drawn by two horses and accompanied by one or two men, were used to move the collection to Thirlestaine House in Cheltenham over a period of eight months, leaving Middle Hill to fall to ruin. The previous owner of Thirlestaine House was John Rushout, 2nd Baron Northwick, whose important art collection had been sold in 1859 after he died intestate.<ref>[http://babel.hathitrust.org/cgi/pt?id=uc1.31175011660837;view=1up;seq=7 Catalogue of the late Lord Northwick's extensive and magnificent collection of ancient and modern pictures, cabinet of miniatures and enamels...] sold by 'Mr. Phillips'. (1859)</ref> There are thus numerous MSS named "Codex Middlehillianus", "Cheltenham Codex" or "Codex Cheltenhamensis".
Legacy
After Phillipps died, in 1872 the probate valuation, made by Edward Bond of the British Museum, of his manuscripts was £74,779 17s 0d. His success as a collector owed something to the dispersal of the monastic libraries following the French Revolution and the relative cheapness of a large amount of vellum material, in particular English legal documents, many of which owe their survival to Phillipps. He was an assiduous cataloguer who established the Middle Hill Press (‘Typis Medio-Montanis') in 1822 not only to record his book holdings but also to publish his findings in English topography and genealogy. The press was housed in Broadway Tower, a folly completed on Broadway Hill, Worcestershire, in 1798.
During his lifetime, Phillipps attempted to turn over his collection to the British nation and corresponded with the then-Chancellor of the Exchequer Disraeli so that it should be acquired for the British Museum. Negotiations proved unsuccessful and, ultimately, the dispersal of his collection took over 100 years. Phillipps's will stipulated that his books should remain intact at Thirlestaine House, that no bookseller or stranger should rearrange them and that no Roman Catholic, especially his son-in-law James Halliwell, should be permitted to view them. In 1885, the Court of Chancery declared this too restrictive and thus made possible the sale of the library which Phillipps's grandson Thomas FitzRoy Fenwick supervised for the next fifty years. Significant portions of the European material were sold to the national collections on the continent including the Royal Library, Berlin, the Royal Library of Belgium, and the Provincial Archives (:nl:Gemeentearchief) in Utrecht as well as the sale of outstanding individual items to the J. Pierpont Morgan and Henry E. Huntington libraries. By 1946, what was known as the "residue" was sold to London booksellers Phillip and Lionel Robinson for £100,000, though this part of the collection was uncatalogued and unexamined. The Robinsons endeavoured to sell these books through their own published catalogues and a number of Sotheby's sales. The final portion of the collection was sold by Christie's on 7 June 2006, lots 18–38. A five-volume history of the collection and its dispersal, Phillipps Studies, by A. N. L. Munby was published between 1951 and 1960.
Family
Phillipps married Henrietta Elizabeth Molyneux, daughter of Major-General Thomas Molyneux, in 1819. This was after the death of his father, who had opposed the match because she lacked a dowry.
In 1821, he was made baronet of Middle Hill in the County of Worcester at the age of 29. The honour was the result of his father-in-law's connections with the Duke of Beaufort. He was appointed High Sheriff of Worcestershire in 1825.
Phillipps' eldest daughter, Harriett, married the Shakesperean scholar James Orchard Halliwell. While still an undergraduate at Cambridge, Halliwell had collaborated in research with Phillipps. He came to visit Thomas Phillipps in February 1842 and became attached to Harriett. Phillipps refused to allow his daughter to marry and the couple eloped. Phillipps was enraged by this and maintained a lifelong vendetta against the couple.
As the Phillippses had only daughters the title became extinct on his death in February 1872, aged 79. He was buried at the Church of St Eadburgha in Broadway.
Items from the Phillipps Collection
Rochefoucauld Grail
Notes
Citations
Sources and Bibliography
Nicholas A. Basbanes: A Gentle Madness, St Martin's Press Édition, Manhattan, New York City, 1995 and 1999, 958 p.: . Retrieved 30 April 2020.
A.N.L.Munby: Phillipps Studies, 5 vols. 1951–1960.
A BBC Radio 4 play, by Nick Warburton, on the removal of the Phillipps collection to Thirlestaine House was broadcast in August 2010,
Michelle Moreau-Ricaud: Sir Thomas Phillipps: un bibliophile'', in "Freud collectionneur", Ed. Campagnes première, 2011, .
External links
1792 births
1872 deaths
Alumni of University College, Oxford
English book and manuscript collectors
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
English antiquarians
Fellows of the Royal Society
Accidental deaths from falls
High Sheriffs of Worcestershire
# Zero with a Bullet is the eighth album by American folk rock musician David Dondero, released on August 3, 2010 by Team Love Records. It came three years after his second release with Team Love, Simple Love.
Track listing
Jesus From 12 To 6 – 3:52
Caught The Song – 2:27
Just A Baby in Your Momma's Eyes – 3:48
Number Zero with a Bullet – 3:59
It's Peaceful Here – 6:02
Carolina Moon – 3:20
Wherever You Go – 5:55
Don't Be Eyeballin' My Po'Boy, Boy – 4:25
Job Boss – 3:25
All These Fishies Swimmin' Through My Head – 4:19
References
External links
# Zero with a Bullet at Team Love
2010 albums
David Dondero albums
Team Love Records albums
The Cooper Mark III is a Formula Three open-wheel racing car designed and developed by the Cooper Car Company in Surbiton, Surrey, England, and built in 1949. It was the successor to the Mk.II, and was offered in two versions. The first option was the T7 (Type 7); which was powered by a powered by a JA Prestwich Industries (JAP) 4B Speedway single-cylinder OHV motorcycle engine. The second option was the T9 (Type 9); which featured a longer chassis, with an elongated wheelbase, and used a larger and more powerful JA Prestwich Industries (JAP) V-twin motorcycle engine. For the first time ever, a ZF limited slip differential was also offered as an optional extra for customers.
References
Cooper racing cars
Formula Three cars
1940s cars
Cars of England
Kapralov () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Kapralova. Notable people with the surname include:
Andrey Kapralov (born 1980), Russian swimmer
Kristina Kapralova (born 1995), Kazakhstani handball player
Russian-language surnames
The Savoy Cinema is the oldest operational cinema in Dublin, and it is the preferred cinema in Ireland for film premières.
History
The cinema was built in 1929 by Meagher & Hayes, on the site of the old Granville Hotel. The luxurious auditorium, housing 2,789 seats, opened to the public with the American colour talkie On with the Show. It was altered in 1954 to incorporate a large CinemaScope screen, and showed Ireland's first widescreen feature, The Robe, at the time owned by Odeon Ireland Ltd.
It was reported in February 2012 that the cinema was in danger of closing. In the previous decade, audience numbers fell from 740,000 to 250,000 per annum.
Screens
The Savoy is the most altered cinema in Dublin's history, and in 1969 the cinema was converted into a twin cinema. In 1975, the Savoy's restaurant was converted into a third screen, holding 200 seats, followed in 1979 by further sub-divisions, creating five screens in all. In 1988, the cinema was given its sixth screen. In the process, the Savoy had lost a third of its capacity.
In 2004, renovation work was carried out, moving the box office from the two booths located on either side of the entrance to what used to be an adjoining shop. The confectionery counter has also been moved many times,
it is now in a room to the left of the main entrance.
The Advance Screening Room became the seventh screen in 2014 it is now screen 13.
In 2016, the old Screen 2 (500 seats) was converted into three smaller screens and the Savoy became a 9 screen cinema in Dublin City Centre.
In January 2018, the "iconic" Screen 1 which held 750 was closed for work to split it into multiple screens.
Premières
The cinema has hosted the Irish premières of many films, most of them having an Irish connection. Films shown here have included Alexander, Once and The Man in the Iron Mask. The cinema was used until 2017 during the Dublin International Film Festival, primarily for big-event screenings such as opening and closing night premiers. It also hosts the surprise film, which in 2006 was the first Irish screening of the film, 300.
Controversy
In December 1934, Republicans demonstrated against the screening at the cinema of a newsreel of the marriage of Prince George, Duke of Kent, to Princess Marina.
References
External links
The Savoy Cinema
An album of photographs recording the construction of the Savoy Cinema, O'Connell Street, Dublin and its appearance on completion. A UCD Digital Library Collection.
Cinemas in Dublin (city)
The coat of arms of Tasmania is the official symbol of the Australian state and island of Tasmania. It was officially granted by King George V in May 1917. The shield features significant examples of Tasmanian industry: a sheaf of wheat, hops, a ram and apples. It is surmounted by a red lion that also features on the State badge. The shield is supported by two thylacines (Tasmanian tigers/wolves) with a motto beneath, Ubertas et Fidelitas, which is Latin for "Fertility and Faithfulness".
The formal description, or blazon, of the arms is: Quarterly Gules and barry wavy Argent and Azure a Fesse of the second charged with a Ram statant proper between in chief a Garb and a Thunderbolt and in base four Apples and a Branch of Hops all Or; For the Crest on a Wreath Argent and Gules: A Lion passant Gules resting the dexter forepaw on a Spade and a Pick-axe in saltire proper; And for Supporters, on either side A Tasmanian Tiger proper, with the Motto "Ubertas et Fidelitas".
The Tasmanian coat of arms is rarely seen nowadays, except on official government publications or in government buildings. It has been replaced for the most part by the new government logo of a Tasmanian tiger peeking through tall grass.
References
Tasmania
Tasmania
Tasmania
Tasmania
Tasmania
Xi'an Museum () is a museum on Youyi West Road, Beilin District, Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, China. Xi'an Museum had its official opening on 18 May 2007, "National Museum Day", with a total investment of 220 million RMB and a total area of 160,000 square meters. The complex includes three parts: the museum proper, the Tang-era Small Wild Goose Pagoda and Jianfu Temple historic area, and the museum gardens.
In 2012, Xi'an Museum was appraised by the National Cultural Heritage Administration and included in batch two of the national first-grade museums of China.
Exhibits
The exhibition section has an area of over 16,000 square meters, and the exhibits occupy more than 5,000 square meters. The design of the exhibition section was directed by , an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering. The museum's collection includes 130,000 artifacts, including more than 14,400 that are considered to be national third-tier precious artifacts and above.
Jianfu Temple
Jianfu Temple is a famous Tang Dynasty imperial temple which was largely destroyed in the chaos of the late Tang Dynasty, leaving only the Small Wild Goose Pagoda. The Small Wild Goose Pagoda, originally named Jianfu Temple Pagoda, is 43.4 meters tall and 11.38 meters long at its base. It preserves the style and features of the early Tang Dynasty. In 1961 it was declared a Major Historical and Cultural Site Protected at the National Level by the State Council. The Tang Dynasty astronomer Yi Xing practiced Buddhism at the temple with Śubhakarasiṃha and Vajrabodhi.
References
National first-grade museums of China
Museums in Xi'an
Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Shaanxi
History museums in China
The Wahinda are a clan or class (better than a tribe) of Eastern Africa, especially Uganda, Tanzania, Rwanda and Burundi, where they had a ruling role among different tribes.
They originated from the North as shown by their physical aspect
The Wahinda believed the drum was so holy that seeing one of them would be fatal to any person other than the sultan.
The late Sam Magara, a Ugandan military leader, was from the Muhinda clan of the Bahima.
References
Ethnic groups in Burundi
Ethnic groups in Tanzania
Ethnic groups in Uganda
Ethnic groups in Rwanda
Edward Cuthbert may refer to:
Edward Octavian Cuthbert (1826–1890), Quebec politician
Ned Cuthbert (1845–1905), American baseball player
See also
Cuthbert (surname)
Badminton competitions at the 2021 Junior Pan American Games in Yumbo, Colombia were scheduled to be held from November 26 to 29, 2021.
Canada went on too sweep all three gold medals.
Medal summary
Medal table
Medalists
References
Badminton
Pan American Games
Badminton in Colombia
Qualification tournaments for the 2023 Pan American Games
The Joplin Police Department (JPD) is the principal law enforcement agency responsible for serving the city of Joplin in the U.S. state of Missouri.The Joplin Police Department currently employs 112 Police Officers. The department maintains a fleet of Ford Police Interceptors and Ford Explorers. The Joplin Police Department is the largest law enforcement agency in Jasper County, Missouri.
Department structure and history
The Joplin Police Department was created in 1873, and is responsible for providing law enforcement services to a major population center in Southwest Missouri encompassing approximately 50,000 city residents and 200,000 daily visitors through its patrol, investigations, administration, special enforcement, and support services bureaus which report to the Chief of Police, and previously the Police Marshal. According to the Officer Down Memorial Page, 21 officers have been killed in the line of duty in the department's history.
Officers are issued Glock pistols as their primary sidearm, in recent years JPD has upgraded to the 9mm Glock due to improved ballistics and the FBI going to 9mm.
Marshals and chiefs
Individuals who have served as marshal or chief of the Joplin Police Department since its creation in 1873 have included the following
J. William Lupton (1873–1875)
John Frederick Bair (1875–1876)
L. Cass Hamilton (1876–1886)
Calvin Nickell (1886–1887)
J.J. Cofer (1887–1892, first term)
John Alexander McManamy (1893–1896, first term)
W.E. Morgan (1897–1898)
John Alexander McManamy (1899–1900, second term)
Thomas James Cofer (1901–1903)
John Alexander McManamy (1903–1905, third term)
Joseph H. Myers (1905–1909, first term)
John Alexander McManamy (1909-1910, fourth term)
Joseph H. Myers (1911–1914, second term)
Henry N. Milligan (1914–1917)
J.J. Cofer (1917–1918, second term)
Joseph H. Myers (1918–1922, third term)
Vern P. Hine (1922–1924)
William F. Gibson (1924–1925)
Luther M. Laster (1925–1926)
Bert Blizzard (1926)
Arch McDonald (1926–1928)
Guy Harrington (1928–1934)
Henry Mead (1934–1937)
Joseph W. Pratt (1937–1938)
Barney Walker (1938–1941, first term)
Tony Calvin Bone (1941, first term)
Barney Walker (1941–1942, second term)
Tony Calvin Bone (1942–1943, second term)
Henry Vermillion (1943–1945)
Kendrick Lloyd (1945–1948)
Roy E. Isgrigg (1948–1950, first term)
T. Frank Martin (1950–1951)
John T. Hollis (1951–1952)
Roy E. Isgrigg (1952–1962, second term)
Walter H. Flenner (1962–1965)
Adrian Lacy Meacham (1965–1972)
Bernard Kakuske (1972–1977)
Larry D. Tennis (1977–1986)
David McCracken (1986)
Michael J. Wightman (1986–1991)
David R. Nieber (1992–1998)
Edward G. Dennis (1998–2002)
Kevin Lindsey (2002–2006)
Lane J. Roberts (2007–2014)
Jason Burns (2014–2016)
Matthew Stewart (2016 - 2021)
Sloan Rowland (2021-Present)
References
External links
City of Joplin, Missouri-Joplin Police Department
Joplin, Missouri
Municipal police departments of Missouri
1873 establishments in Missouri
Government agencies established in 1873
Cameraria jiulianshanica is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It was described by Bai in 2015. It is found in China.
References
Cameraria (moth)
Moths described in 2015
Moths of Asia
Insects of China
Taxa named by Hai-Yan Bai
The 1982 NBL season was the fourth season of the National Basketball League (NBL).
Regular season
The 1982 regular season took place over 22 rounds between 6 February 1982 and 11 July 1982. Each team played 26 games, against every opponent twice.
Round 1
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Round 2
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Round 3
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Round 4
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Round 5
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Round 6
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Round 7
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Round 8
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Round 9
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Round 10
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Round 11
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Round 12
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Round 13
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Round 14
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Round 15
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Round 16
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Round 17
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Round 18
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Round 19
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Round 20
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Round 21
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Round 22
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Ladder
The NBL tie-breaker system as outlined in the NBL Rules and Regulations states that in the case of an identical win–loss record, the results in games played between the teams will determine order of seeding.
1Head-to-Head between Newcastle Falcons and St. Kilda Saints (1-1). Newcastle Falcons won For and Against (+2).
Finals
The NBL finals series in 1982 consisted of two semi-final games, and one championship-deciding grand final. All three of these finals games were sudden death.
Playoff bracket
Semi Finals
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Grand Final
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF" font size=1
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Box Score
Awards
Statistics leaders
Regular season
Most Valuable Player: Al Green (West Adelaide Bearcats)
Best Defensive Player: Phil Smyth (St Kilda Saints)
Coach of the Year: Cal Bruton (Geelong Cats)
All-NBL Team:
George Morrow (Newcastle Falcons)
James Crawford (Geelong Cats)
Leroy Loggins (West Adelaide Bearcats)
Phil Smyth (St Kilda Saints)
Larry Sengstock (Brisbane Bullets)
References
External links
1982 in Australian basketball
Pooja Gauthami Umashankar, mononymously known as Pooja, is an Indian-Sri Lankan actress, who has primarily appeared in Tamil, Sinhala and Malayalam language films.
Early and personal life
Pooja's mother Sandhya is a Sri Lankan Sinhalese and her father H.R.Umashankar is an Indian Kannadiga Brahmin from Sringeri in Chikmagalur district of Karnataka. Pooja's father Umashankar was at Valparai working with Hindustan Unilever Limited as a manager. Pooja can speak Kannada, Sinhala, Tamil and English. After she did her pre-schooling in Sri Lanka, she came to India and went to Poornapragnya in Aldur, Chikmagalur and then to Nirmala Convent in Mysuru. Later she continued her education at Baldwin's Girls High schools in Bengaluru and did graduation (B.Com.) and Post Graduation (MBA) at Mount Carmel College, Bangalore. On December, 2016 she married Prashan David Vethakan who is a Sri Lankan businessman.
Career
Pooja was introduced by a friend of her to cinematographer-turned-director Jeeva, who signed her for the role of Anglo-Indian girl in his Tamil venture Ullam Ketkumae. Pooja said that at that time she planned to finish that film and return to her original job and did not take an acting career into consideration. She stated: "I said to myself I'd act in just this film, see what it's like, make good use of the money and get back to studying". She was soon offered a role opposite R. Madhavan, which she could not decline and made her rethink her decision. Ullam Ketkumae'''s massive delay meant that her second film, the romantic comedy Jay Jay (2004), directed by Saran, became her first official release. Pooja received favorable reviews for her performance in Jay Jay; G. Ulaganathan from Deccan Herald wrote: "Spirited, lively, Pooja's sparkling eyes and smile do leave an impression". She next played the romantic interest of Ajith Kumar in another Saran film, Attahasam, which, in spite of mixed critical response, went on to become a financial success. Pooja, too, met with criticism, with critics citing that she had "only limited role" and was "wasted [...] in an insignificant and half-baked role". Pooja's subsequent release happened to be Ullam Ketkumae that featured her in one of the five leading roles alongside Shaam, Laila, Arya and Asin. The film fetched positive remarks and emerged as a sleeper hit. She went to appear in commercial Tamil films such as Thambi and Pori. In 2007, Pooja also appeared in a Malayalam film, Panthaya Kozhi, before landing the lead female role in Bala's Naan Kadavul. Her portrayal of Hamshavalli, a blind beggar, was critically appreciated and earned her several accolades, including the Filmfare Award for Best Actress – Tamil and Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Female Character Artiste. Following Naan Kadavul, Pooja went on a sabbatical, appeared just in cameo roles in TN-07 AL 4777, Drohi and the Telugu film Orange.
Her big budget film Kusa Pabha released in early 2012 and became the highest grosser ever in the history of Sri Lankan film industry. Critics praised Pooja for her role of Pabawathi.
Television
She was one of the judges in the reality dance show Aatam Paatam Kondatam'' Kalaignar TV, Sun TV.
Filmography
Television
Awards
References
External links
Living people
Sinhalese actresses
21st-century Indian actresses
Indian film actresses
Actresses in Malayalam cinema
Sri Lankan film actresses
Actresses from Karnataka
Filmfare Awards South winners
Tamil Nadu State Film Awards winners
Sri Lankan people of Indian descent
Actresses in Tamil cinema
21st-century Sri Lankan actresses
Sri Lankan actresses
Kannada actresses
People from Chikkamagaluru district
Actresses in Telugu cinema
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 1998 CONCACAF Gold Cup Final was a football match to determine the winners of the 1998 CONCACAF Gold Cup. The match was held at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in Los Angeles, United States, on 15 February 1998 and was contested by the winners of the semi-finals, the United States and Mexico. Mexico, who had won both 1993 CONCACAF Gold Cup and 1996 tournaments, successfully defended their title with a 1–0 win over North American rivals United States.
Because Mexico were the hosts of the 1999 FIFA Confederations Cup, the United States qualified to the tournament as runners-up. Mexico would go on to win that tournament beating Brazil 4–3, the United States exited in the semi-finals after a 1–0 loss from an extra time golden goal from Mexico.
Route to the final
Match
References
External links
Official website
Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup finals
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
Mexico national football team matches
United States men's national soccer team matches
Mexico–United States soccer rivalry
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
Exposition Park (Los Angeles neighborhood)
Pseudotajuria is a butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae. It is monotypic, containing only the species Pseudotajuria donatana. It is found in the Indomalayan realm (Burma - Singapore, Borneo, Sumatra, Banguey, Nias)
References
Eliot, J.N. 1973: The higher classification of the Lycaenidae (Lepidoptera): a tentative arrangement. Bulletin of the British Museum (Natural History), entomology, 28: 371-505
External links
Remelanini
Monotypic butterfly genera
Taxa named by John Nevill Eliot
Lycaenidae genera
This is a list of mayors of Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island:
References
Charlottetown
Uğur Dağdelen (3 October 1973 – 24 September 2015) was a Turkish professional footballer from Amasya. He played for several clubs in Turkey in addition to the Turkey national football team.
Club career
Dağdelen played for Karabükspor, Bursaspor and Samsunspor in the Turkish Süper Lig, appearing in more than 140 league matches and scoring more than 30 goals.
International career
Dağdelen made one appearance for the full Turkey national football team in a friendly against Russia on April 22, 1998.
References
1973 births
2015 deaths
Turkish footballers
Turkey international footballers
Kardemir Karabükspor footballers
Bursaspor footballers
Samsunspor footballers
Kayseri Erciyesspor footballers
People from Amasya
Suicides in Turkey
Association football forwards
2015 suicides
Adolphe Alexandre Chaillet (July 15, 1867, in Paris – after 1914) was a French inventor in the field of Electrical engineering.
Chaillet created the Centennial Light, which has been illuminating a fire station in Livermore, California, for over a century. Chaillet was knowledgeable in chemistry and mineralogy.
Early life
Adolphe A. Chaillet was born in Paris on July 15, 1867. He was the son of Samuel Alexander Chaillet, a Swedish watchmaker, and Eugénie Eva Wendawowicz, a Russian.
Chaillet was a graduate of both German and French scientific institutions. In addition to a thorough knowledge of electrical engineering, Chaillet was capable as a chemist and mineralogist. In a newspaper article, he commented on Darwin's theory of evolution.
Chaillet started in the incandescent lamp business with his father, who operated a factory near Paris. Chaillet was engaged by the Schaefer Company in Germany to assist in making filament lamps. He remodeled their plant and was later put in charge of the largest factory in Germany.
Emigration and marriage
Chaillet emigrated to the United States in 1892 to manufacture lamps in Marlboro, Massachusetts (probably in what was then known as the Bryan-Marsh Company). Later, he was employed in the design department of the General Electric Company in Lynn, Massachusetts. About 1896, Chaillet completed a design for an electric locomotive for the Jeffrey Manufacturing Company of Columbus, Ohio.
Chaillet married Maude L. Bickmore (b. 1877) of Massachusetts. The couple had two sons—Alexander B. Chaillet (b. November 1896) and Arnold Chaillet (b. August 1898)—and a daughter—Catherine Chaillet (b. January 1899). All three children were born in Shelby, Ohio.
Shelby Electric Works
In the latter part of July, 1896, John Cooper Whiteside, former superintendent at the Cooper Engine Works in Mount Vernon, Ohio, mentioned to John Chamberlain Fish, a businessman in Shelby, Ohio, that Chaillet had an idea for an improved incandescent lamp that was 20% more efficient and had 30% more life than other models. This aroused the interest of Fish.
On August 7, 1896, a newspaper article announced that a contract had been negotiated between Chaillet, Whiteside, Fish and some other Shelby investors. Chaillet became technical manager and was named to the company board of directors.
"A. A. Chaillet, the technical manager of the company, and upon whom it chiefly depends for its advice regarding all points pertaining to the manufacturing of its product, was engaged in the factory operated by his father near Paris, France, when the incandescent lamp was made by them in Europe. The professor has been engaged as a manufacturer of incandescent lamps since 1878, having had charge of the laboratory of the largest factory in Germany. Mr. Chaillet came to this country in 1892 to manufacture lamps at Marlboro, Mass. He had been engaged in Germany by the Schaefer company to assist it in making filaments and remodeling its plant. This factory was closed by the Edison company shortly after Professor Chaillet had completed his work of remodeling. The professor was then engaged in the designing department of the General Electric company at Lynn, Mass., and has recently completed the design of an electric locomotive for the Jeffreys Manufacturing company of Columbus, Ohio. Professor Chaillet is not only an electrician of extensive experience and knowledge, but is a thorough chemist and mineralogist."
Chaillet was on the Board of Directors until their annual meeting on August 29, 1902, when he was not re-elected. Jas. Wormley & Co. had sole agency for the Shelby tipless lamp in Cook County, Illinois, and Minnesota from the first day of manufacture. In 1902, Wormley became a director of Shelby Electric.
Chaillet was granted only two U. S. Patents from 1896 to 1922, for a lamp socket and a light bulb; both were applied for while he was associated with Shelby Electric.
Improved incandescent light bulb
Chaillet's light-bulb design involved flattening the elliptically-looped carbon filament coil set transversely to the longitudinal axis of the lamp, as well as flattening the end of the globe, or bulb at its tip end, parallel to the loops, so that the greatest intensity of light is thrown downward when the bulb is hung from the ceiling.
The Chaillet lamp was tested with others in January, 1897. Manufacturing of the lamp started about February 1, 1897. The lamp was put on the market in March, 1897.
The original Chaillet lamp appeared in Electrical World on February 6, 1897. The complete details of the lamp design were not revealed in that article. It was a tipless lamp with a carbon filament that was manufactured using a secret process. Quoting directly from the article:
The lamp possesses a number of peculiar features which it is claimed give to it certain elements of superiority above all others. The filament is square cut by means of automatic machinery from sheets of material produced by a secret chemical process. The cut filament, after being formed, is attached to platinum terminals which are sealed into the sides at the lower end of the lamp bulb. The filament is of such high resistance that in the Shelby lamps it is shorter than that of most other commercial lamps of equal rating. The bulb is not exhausted from the top, which in connection with the exceedingly small filament used makes the completed lamp one of the smallest, also one of the neatest, lamps on the market.
In reality, it would have been difficult to prove conclusively that a new lamp design would perform in a superior manner to a competitive lamp that had a different filament configuration. The reason for making such a statement here is that while power input into a lamp could be easily measured, the light output had to have been measured in a spherical photometer. In the 1880s and 1890s, light output measurements were usually measured with a horizontal photometer. A horizontal measurement determines light output in only one direction rather than a total integrated value. Thus, while the Chaillet design might have been a better one relative to the competitive lamps it is not easy to conclude that now.
In an Electrical Review article of March 10, 1897, pg 111, the origin of Shelby light bulb filaments was discussed. Some manufacturers apparently thought that Shelby filaments were purchased in Europe. The Electrical Review telegraphed the Shelby Electric Company for the purpose of determining the truth about the origin of the filaments. The following are excerpts from Shelby's response:
The question of taking licenses to manufacture under the Westinghouse patents is one which we have not definitely decided....We have secured copies of the entire number of patents, which they claim to own or control, and we know positively that we do not want to infringe on any of them. We think that we are the only company manufacturing lamps in the United States to-day who can make such a statement. With reference to the filament which we use, we would say that we are using a square filament, not a cellulose filament. Our filament is not imported from Germany. We are manufacturing it here in Shelby, but it is the same filament which our Professor Chaillet discovered in Germany, and one that is most successfully being used by two of the most prominent lamp factories of Europe, by a special arrangement with our Professor Chaillet. The filament is much nearer pure carbon than anything on the market, it being so hard after being carbonized that it will scratch glass very readily....We could ourselves secure patents on over a hundred different devices, which we use in our manufacture, but prefer to keep them secret....We are not selling lamps on prices, but on quality....
At first, Chaillet did not patent the new lamp design, nor its details, preferring to keep them as trade secrets. Chaillet filed a patent application on October 22, 1900, which was granted on July 2, 1902.
Later life
In 1902, Chaillet left the Shelby company board of directors. He later moved to Mexico City with his family. Chaillet worked at the lamps branch in Mexico City during the period from 1904 to 1914. In 1914, the Mexican Revolution forced Chaillet to return to the United States.
Chaillet died some time after 1914.
Notes
References
External links
1867 births
Year of death missing
19th-century French inventors
Businesspeople from Paris
People from Shelby, Ohio
French emigrants to the United States
Elections to South Lanarkshire Council were held on 3 May 2012 on the same day as the 31 other local authorities in Scotland. The election used the twenty wards created under the Local Governance (Scotland) Act 2004, with 67 Councillors being elected. Each ward elected either 3 or 4 members, using the STV electoral system.
The election saw Labour retain their traditional position as the largest party on the Council as they gained 3 seats from 2007 to be just 1 seat short of an overall majority. The Scottish National Party also increased their representation and remained in second place on the authority with 4 net gains. The Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party were the biggest losers, falling from 8 seats to just 3. Independents lost a seat to return to the Council with 2 seats. The Scottish Liberal Democrats lost 1 seat to be reduced to a solitary member. Following the election the Labour Party again formed an administration.
In February 2013, Labour gained overall control of South Lanarkshire Council after winning a Rutherglen South by-election from the SNP.
Election result
Note: "Votes" are the sum of first preference votes across all council wards. The net gain/loss and percentage changes relate to the result of the previous Scottish local elections on 3 May 2007. This is because STV has an element of proportionality which is not present unless multiple seats are being elected. This may differ from other published sources showing gain/loss relative to seats held at dissolution of Scotland's councils.
By-election changes prior to 2012 dissolution
Between 2007 and 2012 the following changes took place:
SNP gain 1 seat in Blantyre from Independent
Labour gain 1 seat in Cambuslang East from SNP
Labour gain 1 seat in Blantyre from SNP
SNP gain 1 seat in Hamilton West and Earnock from Independent
Independent gain 1 seat in Avondale and Stonehouse from Conservative
Ward results
Clydesdale West
2007: 2xSNP; 1xLab; 1xCon
2012: 2xLab; 2xSNP
2007-2012 Change: Lab gain one seat from Con
Clydesdale North
2007: 1xSNP; 1xLab; 1xCon
2012: 1xLab; 1xSNP; 1xIndependent
2007-2012 Change: Independent gain one seat from Con
Clydesdale East
2007: 2xCon; 1xSNP
2012: 1xSNP; 1xCon; 1xLab
2007-2012 Change: Lab gain one seat from Con
Clydesdale South
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
Avondale and Stonehouse
2007: 1xSNP; 1xCon; 1xLab; 1xIndependent
2012: 2xSNP; 1xLab; 1xIndependent
2007-2012 Change: SNP gain one seat from Con
East Kilbride South
2007: 2xSNP; 1xLab
2012: 2xSNP; 1xLab
2007-2012 Change: No change
East Kilbride Central South
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
East Kilbride Central North
2007: 2xLab; 2xSNP
2012: 2xLab; 2xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
East Kilbride West
2007: 1xSNP; 1xLab; 1xCon
2012: 1xCon; 1xSNP; 1xLab
2007-2012 Change: No change
East Kilbride East
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2012: 2xSNP; 1xLab
2007-2012 Change: SNP gain one seat from Lab
Rutherglen South
2007: 1xLab; 1xLib Dem; 1xSNP
2012: 1xLab; 1xLib Dem; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
Rutherglen Central and North
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
Cambuslang West
2007: 1xLab; 1xSNP; 1xLib Dem
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: Lab gain one seat from Lib Dem
Cambuslang East
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
Blantyre
2007: 2xLab; 1xIndependent; 1xSNP
2012: 3xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: Lab gain one seat from Independent
Bothwell and Uddingston
2007: 1xCon; 1xLab; 1xSNP
2012: 1xSNP; 1xLab; 1xCon
2007-2012 Change: No change
Hamilton North and East
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
Hamilton West and Earnock
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP; 1xIndependent
2012: 2xLab; 2xSNP
2007-2012 Change: SNP gain one seat from Independent
Hamilton South
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP; 1xCon
2012: 2xLab; 2xSNP
2007-2012 Change: SNP gain one seat from Con
Larkhall
2007: 2xLab; 2xSNP
2012: 2xLab; 2xSNP
2007-2012: No change
Changes since last election
† Rutherglen South SNP Cllr Anne Higgins died on 20 November 2012. A by-election was held on 14 February 2013 and was won by Labour's Gerard Killen which gave the party an overall majority on the Council.
†† Hamilton South SNP Cllr Bobby Lawson died on 13 August 2013. A by-election was held on 24 October 2013 and was won by the Labour Party's Stuart Gallacher.
††† Clydesdale East SNP Cllr Reverend Bev Gauld resigned from the party and became an Independent after the party legalised same-sex marriage
†††† Larkhall SNP Cllr Lesley McDonald defected from the SNP and joined the Labour Party on 2 May 2014.
††††† Blantyre SNP Cllr Bert Thomson defected from the SNP and joined the Labour Party in 2014.
†††††† Clydesdale South SNP Cllr Archie Manson resigned on 14 March 2014 on health grounds. The by-election was won by the Labour Party's Gordon Muir on 5 June 2014.
††††††† Hamilton South SNP Cllr Angela Crawley was elected as an MP for Lanark and Hamilton East on 7 May 2015. She resigned her Council seat on 22 May 2015. A by-election was held to fill the vacancy on 6 August 2015 and it was won by the SNP's John Ross.
†††††††† Clydesdale West SNP Cllr Pat Lee defected from the SNP and joined Solidarity on 27 May 2015.
††††††††† Blantyre Labour Party Cllr Jim Handibode died on 19 September 2015. A by-election was held to fill the vacancy on 10 December 2015 and was won by Labour's Mo Razzaq.
†††††††††† Hamilton North and East SNP Cllr Lynn Adams died on 21 September 2015. A by-election was held on 21 January 2016 to fill the vacancy and it was won by the party's Stephanie Callaghan.
By-elections since 2012
References
2012
2012 Scottish local elections
21st century in South Lanarkshire
The William and Caroline Gibbs House is a historic house at 515 N. 3rd Avenue in Maywood, Illinois. The American Foursquare house was built in 1907. The house has a standard Foursquare layout with a square shape, a pyramidal roof with dormers, and a front porch. In keeping with its style, its interior has a functional layout with a central staircase, an easily accessible kitchen, and built-in furniture. As was common in Foursquare homes, the house has simple geometric detailing inspired by the Craftsman movement, such as wood trim, leadlight windows, and square columns.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 24, 1992.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Cook County, Illinois
American Foursquare architecture in Illinois
Houses completed in 1907
Maywood, Illinois
A warhead is an explosive device used in military conflicts.
Warhead may also refer to:
Film and television
Warhead (film), a 1977 American film directed by John O'Connor
Razer (robot) aka Warhead, a combat robot on the British television series Robot Wars
"Warhead" (Star Trek: Voyager), a Star Trek: Voyager episode
"Warhead", an episode in the third season of the animated TV series Star Wars Rebels
Music
Warhead Records, a heavy metal record label in Sydney, Australia
"Warhead", a song by electronic musician Krust
"Warhead", a song by nu metal band Otep
"Warhead", a song by heavy metal band Tarot
"Warhead", a song by punk rock band U.K. Subs
"Warhead", a song by black metal band Venom
Other
Warhead (video game), a 1989 3D space combat simulator for Amiga and Atari ST platforms
"Warhead", a science fiction novel by Ricardo Delgado
"Warhead", a component of agents used in Activity-based proteomics
Cat's Cradle: Warhead, novel by Andrew Cartmel based on Doctor Who
Crysis Warhead, a 2008 expansion pack for the video game Crysis
See also
Warheads (disambiguation)
Thomas Jordan (born 24 May 1981) is a Scottish semi-professional footballer, currently captain for Conference South side Weston-super-Mare where he plays as a centre back.
Career
In December 2007 he stepped down as Havant and Waterlooville's skipper and missed the historic FA Cup 2nd round proper victory over Notts County as Eastleigh made a second approach for him. Although Jordan played in the ground-breaking 3rd round win against League One leaders Swansea and the 4th round tie at Liverpool he still wanted a move to Eastleigh and spent the rest of the season on the sidelines and negotiations between the two clubs broke down.
In the close-season following the 2007/2008 campaign, he finally completed the move to Eastleigh.
Jordan received the Conference South player of the month in January 2011. In January 2013 he was transfer listed by Eastleigh and he left the club the following month for Conference South rivals Sutton United.
Family
He is the son of the Scottish international footballer Joe Jordan, who was centre-forward for Leeds United during the 1970s, and the brother of Andy Jordan, who made 21 appearances in the Football League.
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Footballers from Manchester
Bristol City F.C. players
Southend United F.C. players
Forest Green Rovers F.C. players
Tamworth F.C. players
Havant & Waterlooville F.C. players
Eastleigh F.C. players
Weston-super-Mare A.F.C. players
Scottish footballers
English Football League players
Mchenga is a small genus of haplochromine cichlids endemic to Lake Malawi in East Africa. They are part of a group known as utaka.
Species
There are currently six recognized species in this genus:
Mchenga conophoros (Stauffer, LoVullo & McKaye, 1993)
Mchenga cyclicos (Stauffer, LoVullo & McKaye, 1993)
Mchenga eucinostomus (Regan, 1922)
Mchenga flavimanus (Iles, 1960)
Mchenga inornata (Boulenger, 1908)
Mchenga thinos (Stauffer, LoVullo & McKaye, 1993)
References
Haplochromini
Cichlid genera
Taxa named by Jay Richard Stauffer Jr.
Taxa named by Ad Konings
Luoyang (Chinese: 风起洛阳) is a 2021 Chinese costume, mystery television series, starring Huang Xuan, Wang Yibo, and Victoria Song. The story revolves around three people from different classes uniting together to work out a mysterious case in Luoyang under the Zhou dynasty. As they continue to dig into the case and search for the truth, they discover a more complicated conspiracy.
Cast
Main
Huang Xuan as Gao Bingzhu (born in Buliangjing City and once served as the Deputy Marshal of Buliang)
Wang Yibo as Baili Hongyi (the second son of the Minister of Works and the best gourmet in Luoyang)
Victoria Song as Wu Siyue (a palace guard born as a collateral descendant of the Wu Clan)
Supporting
Song Yi as Liu Ran (Baili Hongyi's wife)
Yong Mei as Empress Wu Zetian
Liu Duanduan as Prince Dongchuan
Zhang Duo as Wu Youjue
Zhang Li as Yao Niang
Zhang Xilin as Liu Xiang
Gao Shuguang as Baili Yan
Ning Wentong as Wu Shenxing
Shi Yu as Liu Shi
Feng Hui as Gao Sheng
Plot
Under the Zhou dynasty, the act of informing on others is highly encouraged by the Empress. However, some informants are murdered upon their arrival to Luoyang, which prompts Wu Siyue to investigate. As Gao Bingzhu is searching for the murderer who killed his friends 5 years ago, he becomes a suspect in another murder case. He then seeks help from Baili Hongyi, who wants to find out the truth about his father being poisoned. While trying to uncover the truth, Wu Siyue ends up meeting both Gao and Baili Hongyi. As the three of them team up and discover new clues, they are led to believe that these cases are connected and related to Four Season Clan – a rebellious organization consisting of professional killers. The clues also lead Gao to the culprit behind the murder of his friends – Yaoniang, who has been Gao's confidant for years and kills herself upon their meeting.
Gao then joins Lianfang (, an intelligence agency governed by Prince Dongchuan) and helps the organization detect a long-term spy. After exhaustive investigation and life-threatening dangers, the trio finds out that the Four Season Clan is creating high explosive to destroy Tiantang tower and simultaneously assassinate the Empress on the Lighting Festival. Due to Baili Hongyi's decoding efforts, they are able to stop the explosions in time. Nevertheless, Hanjia granary suddenly blows up, which leads to starvations and riots across Luoyang. As Prince Dongchuan is stabbed and severely wounded, Wu Youjue is promoted to become Minister of Lianfang. The Four Season Clan, now under Baili Kuanren's sole leadership, gifts rice to Luoyang's residents to raise its reputation. Baili Kuanren was then arrested while attending Wu Youjue's speech. As a result, Wu Youjue is praised and rewarded by the Empress. Wu Siyue accidentally finds out that her brother Wu Youjue has been manipulated Four Season Clan all along. This, with the abduction of Princess Yongchuan Li Lu and a recently planned bomb attack, is all Wu Youjue's plot to usurp the crown prince. However, Gao Bingzhu thwarted his plan beforehand with the help of Buliangjing's residents. Wu Youjue survived a failed assassination attempted by Liu Shi, but Wu Siyue was shot and died. The exclusion order on Buliangjing ghetto is lifted, which made Gao's promise to the residents come true.
Production
The series began filming in November 2020, and wrapped up in March 2021.
References
External links
Luoyang on Sina Weibo
Luoyang on Douban
2020s mystery television series
2020s Chinese television series debuts
Television shows based on Chinese novels
Television series set in the Zhou Dynasty (690–705)
Luoyang
Barbara Schurz (Russian transliteration: Барбара Шурц) (born 1973) is an Austrian artist and self-described "revolutionary activist".
Life and work
At Vienna University she pursued Slavic Studies and Women's Studies. Subsequently, she studied conceptual art at the Vienna Academy of Fine Arts. She began traveling around the world, living as an artist and author in Moscow and Berlin, in addition to Vienna.
Schurz is best known for her books, co-written with Alexander Brener, that address the boundary between art and politics from an activist perspective. These are heavily influenced by poststructuralism, particularly the writings of Michel Foucault, and focus their attacks largely on capitalism and imperialism. Schurz accompanied Brener to the 'Violence to Endurance: Extreme Curating' art lecture at the ICA to both protest and involve themselves in the lecture. While there Brener defecated in front of the audience while Schurz threw peanuts at the lecturers.
Books
Was tun? (1999, )
Furzende Völker (2000, )
Tattoos auf Gefängnissen (2001, )
Bukaka Spat Here (2001, Austria, ; 2002, UK, )
References
1973 births
Living people
21st-century Austrian women artists
Austrian contemporary artists
Academy of Fine Arts Vienna alumni
Pottenstein is a town in the district of Bayreuth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 23 km southwest of Bayreuth, and 26 km east of Forchheim.
History
During World War II, a subcamp of Flossenbürg concentration camp was located here.
Geography
The city of Pottenstein, altitude 350–614 m AMSL, with its nearly 1,500 inhabitants, is a health-resort in Franconian Switzerland. It nestles at the convergence of the Püttlach, Weihersbach and Haselbrunn valleys surrounded by high cliffs and at the foot of the 1000-year-old castle, which has played an important role throughout the city's history.
Mayors
Since 2002 Stefan Frühbeißer (CWU-UWV) has been the mayor of Pottenstein. His predecessor was Dieter Bauernschmitt (CSU), who was in office for 12 years.
From 1935-1945 and again from 1953-1972 Hans Dippold was the mayor of Pottenstein. The farmer and restaurant keeper had joined the NSDAP in 1931.
Tourist attractions
Saint Elisabeth, widow of Ludwig IV, Landgrave of Thuringia, was held hostage within its walls from 1228 to 1229. Many buildings bear her name today. According to legend, while she was being threatened, the eggs and lard in her basket were transformed into beautiful roses — a local adaptation of the famous Miracle of the Roses. Since 2004 there has been a marked walking route through the town, known as the "Elisabeth Route".
The market square, with its statue of Saint Elisabeth, the Catholic Church, shops, restaurants, and hotels form the central area of the city. Guest accommodations are mostly in the residential areas, in the valleys leading out of the centre of town, and in and above the cliffs overlooking the town. Easily reached from all the residential areas is the health centre with its massage department/medical swim therapy department, station for respiratory illnesses in Devil's Cave, the Kneipp facility, the tourist information centre, the park, putting green, tennis courts, Schöngrund Lake with its rowing boats and pedalos, the summer bobsleigh route, the "Felsenbad" (between the rocks), and golf course. There are 450 kilometres of marked paths for walking.
Sons and daughters of the town
Johann Baptist Reus (1868-1947), Jesuit and mystic
Gallery
References
External links
Municipality website
Bayreuth (district)
Franconian Switzerland
Torquay pottery or Torquay ware refers to pottery made in Torquay, Devon, England, using local clay, at one of fifteen or so local potteries chiefly serving the tourist trade, but also supplying high-end retailers such as Liberty of London.
The commonest form was mottoware - pottery such as plates or jugs decorated with inspirational or humorous text, often written in a Devon dialect, and thus known as Devon mottoware. Some items were produced in Cornish dialect, for "export" to, and sale in, Cornwall. Novelty items with no functional use were also produced, but are rarer.
The first pottery, the "Watcombe Terra Cotta Clay Company" (later Watcombe Pottery; acquired in 1901 by the nearby Aller Vale Pottery), was established in 1875 by G. J. Allen, after he discovered a particularly fine clay in the grounds of Watcombe House.
Other potteries included the Longpark Pottery (1883; originally the "Longpark China and Terracotta Works"), in the Long Park district, which closed in 1957; Lemon & Crute; Torquay Terra-Cotta Company; and the St. Marychurch Pottery.
Notable potters included Blanche Georgiana Vulliamy.
A Torquay Pottery Collectors' Society, established in 1976, encourages the study and collection of such wares. The society organised an exhibition, "Torquay Pottery: A Local Story" at Newton Abbot Town Museum in 2001. a North American Torquay Society was formed in 1990, for the same purpose.
References
Further reading
English pottery
Ceramics manufacturers of England
Art pottery
History of Devon
Torquay
Jewel Renee Peterson (born September 10, 1981) is an American former professional tennis player.
Peterson, born and raised in College Park, Georgia, played collegiate tennis at the University of Southern California (USC). While at USC she was a four-time All-American and an NCAA semi-finalist as a senior in 2003.
A right-handed player, Peterson reached a career high singles ranking of 214 in the world and qualified for the main draw of the 2005 Miami Open. She featured in both doubles main draws at the 2004 US Open, partnering Alexandra Mueller in the women's and Phillip Simmonds in the mixed event.
Peterson was a childhood coach of Coco Gauff in Atlanta.
ITF finals
Singles: 2 (0–2)
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
American female tennis players
Tennis people from Georgia (U.S. state)
USC Trojans women's tennis players
Sportspeople from College Park, Georgia
The 2011–2012 figure skating season began on July 1, 2011, and ends on June 30, 2012. Figure skaters use music in competition.
Skaters in the four disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating and ice dancing used the following music in their 2011–2012 competitive programs.
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
In alphabetical order according to lady's surname.
References
Music
Music
Figure skating-related lists
The 2011 IAAF Race Walking Challenge was the 9th edition of the annual international race walking competition organised by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF). Ten meetings were scheduled for the competition: the race walk events at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics, five IAAF permit meetings, and four area permit meetings.
Athletes who gained enough points from competing at these meetings were entered into the IAAF Race Walking Challenge Final, where they competed for a total pot of US $200,000 in prize money. Reigning Olympic champions Valeriy Borchin and Olga Kaniskina won the final race and the series.
Calendar
The following ten meetings, as well as the competition final, formed the schedule of the 2011 Race Walking Challenge. The "A" category meetings are worth the most points, with progressively fewer points being available through the "B" and "C" categories.
Winners
References
External links
Official homepage from IAAF
Past winners from GBR Athletics
Competition archive from IAAF
World Race Walking Challenge
World Athletics Challenge – Race Walking
Sergio Bernardo Almirón (born 7 November 1980) is an Argentine former footballer who used to play as a central midfielder known for his passing and powerful shots.
He is currently a non-playing staff member at Lega Pro club Akragas.
Club career
Newell's Old Boys
Almirón began his professional career with Argentine club Newell's Old Boys. After making his debut for the club at the age of 18, Almirón managed 16 further league appearances for the club, before being sold to Italian side, Udinese, in 2001.
Udinese
Following his official transfer to Udinese in the summer of 2001, Almirón was instantly inserted into the club's first team, however, was limited to just 12 league appearances. Due to his young age and lack of first team experience, Udinese opted to loan the young midfielder to Serie B outfit, Hellas Verona F.C. in 2003. Almirón went on to make 16 league appearances for the club, also scoring a single goal. Following a successful loan spell, Almirón returned to Udinese at the conclusion of the season.
Empoli
In the summer of 2004, Empoli bought 50 percent of the player's rights from Udinese, following the loan spell in Verona, Almirón instantly became an integral part of the Empoli setup and played a vital role in their bid for Serie A promotion and survival in top-flight. Following two impressive seasons with the Tuscan club, Empoli finally bought his contract outright from Udinese in June 2006. Almirón retained his place within the Empoli first team during the 2006–07 Serie A season, and following a highly impressive campaign, the midfielder was scouted by and sold to Serie A giants Juventus F.C., who had recently returned to Serie A after being demoted due to the Calciopoli scandal.
Juventus
Almirón transferred to Juventus in June 2007 for €9 million. Juventus were rebuilding the squad after spending a season in Serie B and he and new signing Portuguese midfielder Tiago Mendes were expected to be the main central midfield pairing. He was unable to maintain a place in the starting eleven in favour of the likes of Cristiano Zanetti and Antonio Nocerino. After making just 9 Serie A appearances in 5 months, Almirón was sent out on loan. In January 2008, he was loaned out to Ligue 1 side AS Monaco for the remainder of the campaign. At Monaco, Almirón made 11 appearances and scored 2 goals in the second half of the 2007–08 Ligue 1 season, before returning to Juventus on 30 June 2008. Upon his return, Almirón found himself even further down the pecking order following the arrivals of Mali international, Mohamed Sissoko and also Danish midfielder Christian Poulsen. Juventus coach Claudio Ranieri again deemed the player a surplus to requirements, and again opted to send the midfielder out on loan. Fiorentina signed him in July 2008, and obtained the option to buy his contract outright at the end of the season. Following yet another dismal campaign, in which Almirón made just 11 appearances, however, Fiorentina declined the option to make his stay permanent and he again returned to Turin.
The emergence of youngster Claudio Marchisio during the 2008–09 season and the arrival of Brazilian duo Diego and Felipe Melo during the summer ended any new possibilities of a second chance of becoming a regular at the club. On 20 August 2009, he signed for newly promoted Serie A outfit Bari on loan.
Bari
Almirón officially transferred to Bari on 20 August 2009, on a season-long loan agreement. He instantly gained a first team place, where he appeared in 27 league matches and notched 5 league goals, his best tally since departing from Empoli in 2007. In June 2010, Bari signed him in co-ownership agreement, with Juventus, as part of the deal the saw Leonardo Bonucci transfer in the opposite direction, to Juventus. On 14 July 2010, Juventus confirmed the fee which was announced at €2.5 million. Juventus also announced in its financial report that the accounting value of to remain 50% rights in hand worth €1.699 million, half of un-amortized transfer fee of €3.399 million on 30 June 2010. (around 2/5 of €8.497million original transfer fee in accounting)
In his second season with the club, Almirón and his midfield partner Massimo Donati failed to produce the same spark that led the club to a 10th-place finish in the previous season. This was in part due to a series of injuries which limited Almirón to just 25 league appearances with no goals. Bari's season ended in relegation, with a 20th-place finish.
In July 2011, the player officially returned to Juventus after the bianconeri paid a peppercorn fee to purchase back the remaining 50% of the player's contract. However, he was not listed in the club's first team plans under new coach Antonio Conte, and hence was left out of the first team squad and was not assigned a squad number.
Catania
On 27 August 2011, Almirón officially transferred to Catania for €400,000 (€391,000 in accounting) in a three-year deal. Juventus also write-down €1.308 million as part of the remaining value of his contract, from €1.699 million to €391,000, backdated to 2010–11 financial year, made no cost nor profit registered in 2011–12 season. Almirón is one of 12 new squad members ahead of the 2011-12 Serie A season, 9 of which were purchases. He has since returned to the heights of his playing form and has been a regular in the Catania line-up, scoring 4 goals in 32 league appearances in his first season with the club.
Almiròn was part of a record-breaking Catania outfit that picked up 56 points from 38 league matches in 2012–13 Serie A season.
In June 2013 he extended his contract to 30 June 2015. However, on 23 February 2015 the contract was terminated in mutual consent.
Akragas
In 2015, Almirón accepted an offer from newly promoted Lega Pro club Akragas to play under new head coach Nicola Legrottaglie, a former teammate of his at Juventus. His playing stint at the Sicilian club, however, lasted only a few months. On 15 December 2015, Akragas announced Almirón's immediate retirement from active football with him joining the non-playing staff as a technical area coordinator.
Personal life
Almirón is the son of former Newell's Old Boys forward Sergio Omar Almirón.
References
External links
Guardian statistics
Sergio Almirón Profile & Stats at FootballDatabase
Argentine Primera statistics at Fútbol XXI
Lega Serie A profile
Argentine footballers
Newell's Old Boys footballers
Udinese Calcio players
Hellas Verona F.C. players
Empoli F.C. players
Juventus F.C. players
AS Monaco FC players
ACF Fiorentina players
S.S.C. Bari players
Catania S.S.D. players
S.S. Akragas Città dei Templi players
Association football midfielders
Argentine Primera División players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Ligue 1 players
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Monaco
Footballers from Rosario, Santa Fe
1980 births
Living people
Argentine expatriate footballers
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Monaco
Podostyela is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
Species within the genus Podostyela include:
Podostyela grynfeltti Harant & Vernières, 1933
References
Stolidobranchia
Tunicate genera
Micheline Dupray (born 12 March 1927 in Marsainvilliers (Loiret) is a French poet.
Works
Poetry
1975: Merci la vie, dessins de Jacqueline et Marie-Thérèse Rault, M. Dupray
1975: « Mes yeux d'immensité » in Les Beaux poèmes contemporains. 5, Éditions Arts et littérature carolorégiens
1977: Herzégovine, Formes et languages, Prix Claire Virenque of the Académie française
1980: Trains amers, Éditions Saint-Germain-des-Prés,
2002: Souffrir ne suffit pas : une anthologie de poèmes, preface by Ratimir Pavlovic, Association internationale des traducteurs littéraires de langue française,
Essays
1986: Roland Dorgelès, Presses de la Renaissance, , Prix Marcel Pollitzer of the Académie française 1987
2000: Roland Dorgelès. Un siècle de vie littéraire française, Albin Michel,
Préface
2003: Roland Dorgelès, Je t'écris de la tranchée : correspondance de guerre, 1914-1917, Albin Michel,
External links
Micheline Dupray on the site of the Aadémie française
Micheline Dupray on Éditions Elexandrine
20th-century French poets
French women poets
1927 births
People from Loiret
Living people
20th-century French women writers
Cara Laura Hilton (born 1975) is a Scottish Labour politician, who was the Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) for Dunfermline from 2013 to 2016.
Political career
Hilton was the Labour candidate at the Dunfermline by-election on 20 October 2013. She won by a majority of more than 2,800 votes, overturning a previous SNP majority of 590. This was the first time ever that Labour had won a parliamentary seat (in either the UK or Scottish parliaments) from the SNP at a by-election.
In her victory speech, Hilton praised the courage of preceding MSP Bill Walker's ex-wives. Walker's conviction for assault against his former wives had led to his resignation from parliament, causing the by-election. Alex Salmond accused her of running a dishonest campaign, including the circulation of a leaflet criticised by the SNP as "demonstrably untrue".
In the Scottish Parliament election of 2016, Hilton lost her seat to the SNP's Shirley-Anne Somerville, who she had previously defeated at the by-election three years earlier. Along with the loss of the neighbouring Cowdenbeath constituency, this left the Labour Party without parliamentary representation in Fife for the first time since 1910.
Hilton was the Labour Party candidate for Dumfermline and West Fife in the 2017 and 2019 general elections, but both times came second behind the incumbent SNP MP Douglas Chapman.
Hilton served as vice-chair of Scottish Labour from 2019 to 2020, and has served as chair of Scottish Labour since 2020.
Personal life
Hilton is the daughter of former Labour MSP and Scottish Labour chair Cathy Peattie. Her husband is Simon, and she has three children.
References
External links
Instagram
1975 births
Living people
People from Fife
Female members of the Scottish Parliament
Labour MSPs
Members of the Scottish Parliament 2011–2016
The Chad women's national football team is the national women's football team of Chad and is overseen by the Chadian Football Federation.
History
The Chad women's national football team played its first international match...
In 1985, almost no country in the world had a women's national football team. A women's football programme was first organised in Chad in 1986. In 2009 though, there was no school, university or national competition for women though there are 38 teams for junior women and 32 for senior women. Beyond this, there were no FIFA-recognised senior national or FIFA-recognised youth teams. A national team has not played in a single FIFA-sanctioned match, competed at the Women's World Cup, played in the 2010 African Women's Championships during the preliminary rounds, or the 2011 All Africa Games. In March 2012, the team was not ranked in the world by FIFA.
On 4 April 2019, the Chad women's national football team played their first international match against Algeria, for the 2020 CAF Women's Olympic Qualifying Tournament.
Background and development
The development of women's football on the continent has been lacking a result of several factors, including limited access to education, poverty amongst women in the wider society, and fundamental inequality present in the society that occasions female human rights abuses. Funding also in an impediment, with most funding for women's football in Africa coming from FIFA instead of the national football association. If quality female footballers do develop, many leave the continent seeking greater opportunity in Northern Europe or the United States.
With a FIFA trigramme of CHA, Chad has limited female participation in football having only 1,010 registered female footballers in 2006. Rights to broadcast the 2011 Women's World Cup in the country were bought by the African Union of Broadcasting.
Home stadium
The Chad women's national team play their home matches on...
Kits
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Source: Match results of Chad women's, FTFA.td
Legend
2019
2020
Coaching staff
Players
Current squad
The following players were named on date month year for the xxx tournament. tournament.
Caps and goals accurate up to and including 30 October 2021.
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to a Chad squad in the past 12 months.
Individual records
*Active players in bold, statistics correct as of 2020.
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Managers
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
Olympic Games
Africa Women Cup of Nations*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.African Games
UNIFFAC Women's Cup
Honours
All−time record against FIFA recognized nations
The list shown below shows the Morocco national football team all−time international record against opposing nations.*As of xxxxxx after match against xxxx.Key
Record per opponent*As ofxxxxx after match against xxxxx.''
Key
The following table shows Sudan's all-time official international record per opponent:
References
External links
Official website, FTFA.td
African women's national association football teams
The Eternal Jew () was the title of an exhibition of antisemitism displayed at the Library of the German Museum in Munich from 8 November 1937 to 31 January 1938. The displays, with photographs and caricatures, focused on antisemitic canards falsely accusing Jews of Bolshevising Nazi Germany. It was best exemplified in the exhibition poster presenting an 'eastern' Jew wearing a kaftan and holding gold coins in one hand and a whip in the other. The exhibition attracted 412,300 visitors, over 5,000 per day.
The content was polemical and grossly misleading, being based on Nazi propaganda rather than on truthful or factual material. Other canards promoted by the exhibition included the myths of Jewish wealth and avoidance of work, false allegations of Jewish criminality and other blatant racial stereotypes. It was designed to support their Nazi antisemitic doctrines with caricatures of alleged Jewish physiognomy and looks, and examples of famous Jews such as Albert Einstein and other well-known scientists, authors and intellectuals, such as the mistaken inclusion of Charlie Chaplin.
The exhibition was sponsored by Joseph Goebbels, the Nazi minister of propaganda, and who held well-known extreme antisemitic opinions. He had a long history of rabid antisemitism before the Nazis gained power in 1933, and he organized a boycott of Jewish shops in the same year, as well as notorious book burnings of Jewish authors among many others. He initiated the destruction of numerous synagogues during Kristallnacht in November 1938, and as a result of which many Jews were killed by Nazi mobs, or deported by the thousands to Nazi concentration camps. Nazi antisemitism ended with the Holocaust and the murder of about 6 million innocent Jews in ghettos, Nazi concentration camps and Nazi death camps, mainly but not exclusively in eastern Europe. The Nazis had, at the time of the exhibition, already removed citizen rights from German Jews, and imposed very strict racist laws against Jews marrying so-called "Aryans" under the Nuremberg Laws as well as denying Jews the right to work in many professions, such as the law, medicine and teaching. Many had been evicted from their homes as Berlin was being developed by Albert Speer and most would be evacuated to the east and murdered there. After World War II began in September 1939, such antisemitic policies were extended to occupied countries, and indeed developed much further by killing squads (or Einsatzgruppen) in Poland for example, who targeted Jews specifically.
After the exhibition ended in Munich, it was displayed in Vienna from 2 August until 23 October 1938 and subsequently in Berlin from 12 November 1938 until 31 January 1939.
Hippler film
The same title The Eternal Jew was used for a film released in 1940 and directed by Fritz Hippler, one of most violently antisemitic films made by the Nazis and a commercial flop. It was sponsored by Joseph Goebbels at the Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda. Apparently, many German viewers were disturbed by the scenes from the Warsaw Ghetto and the film was a commercial failure. There were many scenes from the ghetto where large numbers of Polish Jews were trapped by the Germans and slowly starved to death by the restrictions placed on food entering the closely guarded ghetto walls. Pictures of starving and emaciated children and adults were portrayed in the movie to show how "degenerate" the Jews were, neglecting to mention that they were in their pitiable state as a direct result of German persecution.
References
Antisemitism in Germany
Antisemitic propaganda
Nazi propaganda
Art exhibitions in Germany
1930s in Germany
1937 in Germany
1938 in Germany
Jewish Bolshevism
Jews and Judaism in art
Walter Stefaan Karel van den Broeck (born 28 March 1941 in Olen) is a Belgian writer and playwright. He graduated as a teacher in Dutch and History (Lier), and he started his career as a teacher.
In 1965, he founded the magazine Heibel with and . In 1974 he resigned as a teacher and became chief editor of Turnhout Ekspres, and since 1979 he is a member of the editorial team of the Nieuw Vlaams Tijdschrift.
He became well known through his play Groenten uit Balen and the novel Brief aan Boudewijn, which was succeeded by the tetralogy Het beleg van Laken.
In 2010 he wrote the script for a comic book by Reinhart.
Bibliography
De troonopvolger (1967)
Lang weekend (1968)
1 cola met 6 rietjes (1969)
362.880 x Jef Geys (1970)
Mietje Porselein en Lili Spring-in-'t Veld (1970)
Groenten uit Balen (1972)
In beslag genomen. Een politiek-erotische satire (1972)
Mazelen (1972)
De dag dat Lester Saigon kwam (1974)
Een andere Vermeer (1974)
Greenwich (1974)
Aantekeningen van een stambewaarder (1977)
De rekening van het kind (1977)
Het wemelbed (1978)
Tot nut van 't Algemeen (1979)
Brief aan Boudewijn (1980)
Au bouillon belge (1981)
Het beleg van Laken (1985)
Aangewaaid (1986)
¡Querido hermano! (1988)
Gek leven na het bal! (1989)
Het proces Xhenceval (1990)
Het gevallen baken (1991)
Het leven na beklag (1992)
Amanda en de widowmaker (1994)
Verdwaalde post (1998)
Een lichtgevoelige jongen (2001)
Troïka voor spoken (met Frans Depeuter en Robin Hannelore, 1970)
Tien jaar later (Nieuw Vlaams Tijdschrift-cahier, 1982)
Awards
1972 - Beste kinderboek van de provincie Antwerpen
1973 - Letterkundige prijs van de provincie Antwerpen
1981 - Sabamprijs
1981 - Dirk Martens prijs
1982 - Henriëtte Roland Holst prijs
1982 - Driejaarlijkse Staatsprijs voor Toneel
1992 - Belgische Staatsprijs voor Vlaams verhalend proza
See also
Flemish literature
Sources
References
Walter van den Broeck
Walter van den Broeck
Willem M. Roggeman, 'Walter van den Broeck' In: Beroepsgeheim 4 (1983)
1941 births
Flemish writers
Belgian writers
Belgian male novelists
Belgian comics writers
Belgian dramatists and playwrights
Belgian male dramatists and playwrights
Living people
Anges Football Club is a Togolese football club based in Notsé. They play in the top division in Togolese football. 1,000 capacity Stade des Anges is their home.
Achievements
Togolese Championnat National
Champion (1 title): 2013
External links
Team profile – soccerway.com
Football clubs in Togo
Kids Rock Free is an American non-profit organization whose aim is to help children aged 7 to 17 receive a music education. The organization was founded by the Fender Musical Instruments Corporation in 1998, and is housed in the Fender Museum of Music & Art in Corona, California. Lessons are free or at low cost in an area where music education in the public schools was a rarity. Initially aimed at giving guitar and piano lessons and focused on rock and roll, it soon began a technical program for producing music, and then programs for theater, dance, and world music. In 2000, it was teaching 400 students a week, and more than 12,000 students have gone through the program since 1998.
Longtime supporters of the organization include Steve Miller. To raise money for the organization, the Fender Center for the Performing Arts regularly stages concerts and Fender sponsors golf tournaments; in 2004, the organization received $100,000 from the federal government.
References
External links
Fender Center - Kids Rock Free
Fender Musical Instruments Corporation
Music education in the United States
Wilhelm Eipeldauer (26 April 1885 – 7 October 1949) was an Austrian footballer. He played in four matches for the Austria national football team from 1902 to 1908.
References
External links
1885 births
1949 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Elymus glaucus is a species of grass known as blue wild rye or blue wildrye. This grass is native to North America from Alaska to New York to northern Mexico. It is a common and widespread species of wild rye.
Description
This is a perennial bunch grass growing small, narrow tufts of several erect stems which grow tall. It has a thick, fibrous root system, sometimes with rhizomes, the stems may form stolons. It has flat leaves each up to a centimeter wide at the base and rapidly narrowing to a point.
The tip of the stem is occupied by a narrow, pointed inflorescence many centimeters long made up of a few spikelets. Each spikelet is one to one and a half centimeters long, not counting an awn which may be two or three centimeters in length. Common native grass associates in the far west coastal prairies are Danthonia californica, Deschampsia caespitosa, Festuca idahoensis and Nassella pulchra.
Ecology
It is a larval host to the woodland skipper (Ochlodes sylvanoides).
References
External links
Photo gallery at CalPhotos
glaucus
Flora of North America
The Women's 200 metre breaststroke competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 19 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held on 19 May at 10:00.
Semifinals
The semifinals were held on 19 May at 19:21.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final
The final was held on 20 May at 18:40.
References
Women's 200 metre breaststroke
2016 in women's swimming
Orka may refer to:
Orca, killer whale
Orga, Cyprus, a village in Cyprus
Orka (comics), a fictional character in comic book
Roketsan Orka, Turkish lightweight torpedo
Danish Argentines are Argentine citizens of Danish ancestry or people who have emigrated from Denmark and reside in Argentina. Danish immigration to Argentina was particularly intense between the late 19th century and early 20th century. It is estimated that between 1857 and 1930 about 18,000 Danes settled in Argentina. The wave of Danish immigration to Argentina was the third largest in the world, behind those in the United States and Australia, making it one of the largest Danish communities in the world. They also include Faroese and Greenlandic Argentines because of Faroe Islands' and Greenland's status as an autonomous territory of Denmark.
Danish immigrants needed to organise their own mini societies where they could be able to preserve and to speak their own language, maintaining the familiar traditions and develop a network in the form of churches, schools, newspapers and so on. Most Danes worked as farmers and quickly became part of the Argentine labour market, but full cultural integration was possible after several generations later. Through a close-knit personal networks and institutions such as churches, schools, clubs and other associations, they retained their Danish identity and so their descendants who still to this day can be found in Argentina.
History
Around 350,000 emigrants left Denmark between 1860 and 1930. There are no official records of how many Danes came exactly to Argentina, especially before 1886. It is known that between 1886 and 1890, the arrival of 1,300 Danish immigrants was computed. Then, between 1900 and 1905, over 1,000 Danes arrived in the country, a figure that has tripled over the period 1911-1915. Since 1922, the number of arrivals decreases significantly. They settled in the Province of Buenos Aires mainly in Tandil, Necochea, and in the Obera region part of the provinces of the Argentine Mesopotamia commonly called "El Litoral".
Settlement
See also
Argentina–Denmark relations
Finnish Argentine
Swedish Argentine
References
Argentina
Christian Holtermann Knudsen (15 July 1845 – 21 April 1929) was a Norwegian typographer, newspaper editor, publisher, trade unionist and politician for the Norwegian Labour Party. He is known as chairman of his party in three non-consecutive periods, and also founded what would become the main party newspaper. He served three terms in the Norwegian Parliament.
Career
Media and trade unions
He was born in Bergen as the son of a cooper. He finished a typographer's education in 1865, and worked for several printing presses in Kristiania. Most notably he worked for the weekly newspaper Almuevennen, as typographer for six years and manager for eight years. In 1872 he was among the co-founders of the trade union Oslo Typografiske Forening. He chaired this organization from 1876 to 1878, 1879 to 1882 and 1883 to 1885, and in 1883 he co-founded the first trade union center in Norway, Fagforeningernes Centralkomité.
In 1884 Knudsen established the newspaper Vort Arbeide ('Our Work'), on behalf of the central committee. The first issue was released on 10 May 1884, and led to Knudsen being fired from Almuevennen. He also had to establish his own printing press since none of the existing printing presses wanted to be affiliated with a labourer's newspaper. The fledgling project was marred by economic problems, and the burden of both writing, editing and printing lay chiefly on Knudsen. In 1885 he founded the association Socialdemokratisk Forening, which formally took over the newspaper. The name was changed from Vort Arbeide to Social-Demokraten ('The Social Democrat') in 1886. At the same time, Carl Jeppesen took over as editor-in-chief, although Knudsen would return as editor from 1892 to 1893.
Knudsen expanded the printing press, and published several books, many of which were frowned upon by the establishment. Kristian Stenrud's books were controversial, and Hans Jæger's book Fra Kristiania-Bohemen, published in 1885, was instantly banned upon publication. Jæger was sentenced to eighty days in jail, appealed to the Supreme Court and had it reduced to sixty days. Jæger's defender, Ludvig Meyer, later became both editor-in-chief of Social-Demokraten and leader of the Labour Party. Jæger and Knudsen later tried to circumvent the law and sell the banned book in Sweden, brandishing a fake name Julefortællinger af H.J. ('Christmas Carols by H.J.') on the cover, but this was discovered and the book banned in Sweden as well. Knudsen also received a jail sentence, of eleven days, for publishing a piece about contraception in Social-Demokraten in 1887. Nonetheless, Knudsen became the official stamp printer in 1895.
Political party
Knudsen, inspired by German theories, argued that "socialism [is] the only means" to "help the working estate". He became a co-founder of the Norwegian Labour Party in August 1887 in Arendal. Like the trade unions, the early Labour Party contained both socialist and non-socialist elements. The most important political demand was universal suffrage. Knudsen was a member of the central committee from the beginning, and then became party leader from 1889 to 1890 and 1900 to 1903. From 1899 to 1926 he was a member of Kristiania city council. He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1906, representing the constituency of Grünerløkken, and was re-elected in 1909 and 1912. For the first two terms he was the leader of the parliamentary party group.
Knudsen was a deputy member of the Norwegian Nobel Committee from 1913, and served his third term as party leader from 1911 to 1918. His leadership came to an end when the radical wing, spearheaded by Kyrre Grepp and Martin Tranmæl, took over at the 1918 national party convention. He left the central committee, but returned in 1920. When the less radical wing broke out to form the Social Democratic Labour Party in 1921, Knudsen did not follow; he continued in the central committee until 1924. In 1923 the name of the newspaper Social-Demokraten had been changed again, to Arbeiderbladet ('The Labour Paper'). It became the main organ of the Labour Party, undergoing direct control; the editor-in-chief was also represented in the national party board. As the newspapers became independent in the latter quarter of the twentieth century, the newspaper changed its name again, to the current Dagsavisen.
Knudsen died in 1929.
References
Further reading
Members of the Storting
Norwegian book publishers (people)
Norwegian printers
Norwegian newspaper editors
Trade unionists from Bergen
Norwegian prisoners and detainees
Politicians from Oslo
Journalists from Bergen
1845 births
1929 deaths
Leaders of the Labour Party (Norway)
Dagsavisen editors
Aseminun (, also Romanized as Āsemīnūn) is a village in Nowdezh Rural District, Aseminun District, Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 174, in 39 families.
References
Populated places in Manujan County
Ronald Duxbury Hewat (22 April 1887 – 15 February 1944) was a South African first-class cricketer and South African Army soldier.
One of eleven children of Andrew Hewat and Elizabeth Usher, he was born at Umtata in April 1887. Hewat served as a corporal in the First World War in the South African Infantry, which formed part of the South African Overseas Expeditionary Force on the Western Front. In July 1918, he gained a temporary officer commission as a second lieutenant. He was awarded the Military Cross in March 1919 for conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty which took place from 15–17 October 1918. The 2nd Battalion were tasked with capturing two bridges over the River Selle on the outskirts of Le Cateau and establishing bridgeheads. Commanding a party of men, he succeeded in these objectives and held the positions for two days while under heavy fire until the Allied attack was launched on the 17th.
Upon his return to South Africa, Hewat made a single appearance in first-class cricket for Griqualand West against Western Province at Cape Town in the 1921–22 Currie Cup. He scored 30 runs in the match and took a single wicket, that of C. H. Thomas. Hewat later served in the South African Army during the Second World War, as a private in the Essential Services Protection Corps. He died on active service in Cape Town in February 1944.
References
External links
1887 births
1944 deaths
People from Mthatha
South African military personnel of World War I
South African Army officers
Recipients of the Military Cross
South African cricketers
Northern Cape cricketers
South African military personnel of World War II
South African military personnel killed in World War II
Kennyland was a themed area at the Dreamworld theme park on the Gold Coast, Australia. It was an area featuring a variety of children's attractions from 1999 until 2002 at which time it was replaced with a larger Nickelodeon-themed area called Nickelodeon Central.
History
In 1999, Dreamworld set about designing a dedicated children's area in the northern portion of Village Oval where the Creature Cruise was operating at the time. As part of the construction process Creature Cruise was converted into a walkthrough attraction. On 26 December 1999, Kennyland officially opened to the public. It featured four new attractions: Adventure Trails, Dream Copters, Kenny Karts and Wild Wheels.
In early 2002, Kennyland and most of Village Oval was closed to make way for the development of Nickelodeon Central. Following the area's closure, many of the rides were relocated to Rivertown where they operated as part of the Kid's Carnival. The Kid's Carnival featured Adventure Trails, Dream Copters and Kenny Karts, as well as a temporary children's Ferris wheel. Towards the end of 2002, the Dream Copters were relocated into Nickelodeon Central where it operated under the same name and theme (it was later rethemed to Blues Skidoo and Dronkey Flyers). The other rides in the Kid's Carnival were removed from the park entirely. On 26 December 2002, Nickelodeon Central officially opened to the public.
Attractions
Kennyland was made up of four attractions. Most of them were located inside a large shed, however, the Dream Copters were located outside.
Adventure Trails - a jumping castle which was split into two distinct sections each themed after Kenny Koala and Belinda Brown, respectively.
Dream Copters - a Mini Jet ride designed by SBF Visa Group. It was the only outdoor ride of the section and featured small helicopters mounted to a central rotating pole. Riders were able to control the height of their helicopter through a joystick. This ride is currently operating as Dronkey Flyers as part of the DreamWorks Experience.
Kenny Karts - a set of children's bumper cars designed by SBF Visa Group. It was a series of children sized electric bumper cars located in a small oval shaped roadway.
Wild Wheels - a SBF Visa Group Convoy ride. It was a track ride which featured a variety of different cars connected in one train. Riders would board one of several cars and would be taken twice around an oval shaped circuit which featured a hill and several s-bends.
The area also had a meet and greet area which was used as a show venue for the Kenny & Friends Party in the Park Show during inclement weather.
See also
DreamWorks Experience
Wiggles World
References
Amusement rides introduced in 1999
Amusement rides that closed in 2002
Themed areas in Dreamworld (Australia)
Dreamworld (Australia)
Yogananda Institute of Technology and Science (YITS) is located in Tirupati, Andhra Pradesh, India. It was established by the Yogananda Educational Society (YES) in 2008. The Society established the engineering college to impart education to the children hailing from the backward areas of Rayalaseema region. Yogananda Educational Society is headed by Smt.D.Subhadramma as Chairperson, Sri D.Mohan Reddy as secretary and correspondent of YITS.
YITS is located at a distance of 10 km from Tirupati, 3 km from Tirupati Airport on the 205 Chennai-Tirupati-Bangalore National Highway and 2 km from Renigunta Junction railway station.
Academics
The college is approved by AICTE, New Delhi & affiliated to Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Anantapur. The institute offers six Engineering undergraduate courses viz. Civil Engineering (CE), Computer Science & Engineering (CSE), Electronics and Communication Engineering (ECE), Electrical and Electronics engineering (EEE), Information Technology (IT) and Mechanical Engineering (ME) along with Master of Business Administration (MBA). The institute is firmly committed in getting itself recognized with NBA.
External links
Five awards for YITS chairman
Engineering colleges in Andhra Pradesh
Universities and colleges in Tirupati
Educational institutions established in 2008
2008 establishments in Andhra Pradesh
Marek Cichosz (June 9, 1979 – May 13, 2012) was a Polish professional racing cyclist.
Career highlights
2007: 3rd, Cyclo-cross Military World Championship
National cyclo-cross championships record
References
External links
1979 births
2012 deaths
Polish male cyclists
Cyclo-cross cyclists
Place of birth missing
WhizFolders is an organizer and outliner for managing notes on Microsoft Windows. WhizFolders has been around since 1998. Its predecessor WhizNote, a plain text notes organizer, was released in CompuServe forums in 1993.
WhizFolders allows managing your information in two-panes--the left pane being a hierarchical list of note titles and the right-pane contains the detail or text of the selected note in the list. The notes can be merged when copying to the clipboard, or when exporting or printing. A boolean search for information is available. Keyword tags can also be assigned to the notes to find them even when the actual tag is absent in their text.
A freeware viewer is separately available to read WhizFolder files.
Features
Hierarchical list of note titles
Word wrapped note titles
Drag and drop outlining of note titles
Rich text note contents (RTF)
Boolean or exact search
Keyword tags
Hyperlinks to other notes or external files, web sites
Pasting from web sites with source address
Automated pasting
Merged export or printing of notes
See also
Comparison of notetaking software
Notetaking
Zim
References
Notes
Listed as note taking program in the book Your First Notebook PC
Mention in the book BCGS Genealogist
Mentioned in the book Get Your Articles Published: Teach Yourself
External links
Outliners
Note-taking software
Personal information managers
Sadananda Swami may refer to:
Ayyavu Swamikal (1814-1909)
Sadananda (1908-1977)
Taicatoxin (TCX) is a snake toxin that blocks voltage-dependent L-type calcium channels and small conductance Ca2+-activated K+ channels. The name taicatoxin (TAIpan + CAlcium + TOXIN) is derived from its natural source, the taipan snake, the site of its action, calcium channels, and from its function as a toxin. Taicatoxin was isolated from the venom of Australian taipan snake, Oxyuranus scutellatus scutellatus. TCX is a secreted protein, produced in the venom gland of the snake.
Chemistry
Through SDS-PAGE analysis, TCX () was determined to be a complex held together by non-covalent forces of the following three polypeptides in a stoichiometry of 1:1:4 respectively:
a α-neurotoxin-like peptide (8 kDa),
a neurotoxic phospholipase (16 kDa;) and
a serine protease inhibitor (7 kDa;).
The active complex was isolated by ion exchange chromatography through DE-Cellulose and two steps of Cm-Cellulose chromatography at pH = 4.7 and pH = 6.0, respectively. It migrates in beta-alanine-acetate-urea gel electrophoresis as a single compound. The phospholipase activity can be separated by affinity chromatography, using a phospholipid analog (PC-Sepharose). The alpha-neurotoxin-like peptide can be separated from the protease inhibitor, Sephadex G-50 gel filtration chromatography can be used, in the presence of high salt (1M NaCl) and alkaline conditions (pH = 8.2). The amino sequence of the protease inhibitor was determined by using the automatic Edman degradation method.
Target
Taicatoxin acts on the voltage-dependent L-type calcium channels from the heart, and on the small conductance Ca2+-activated K+ channels in the chromaffin cells and in the brain.
It has a high affinity for the 125I-apamin acceptor-binding sites of the rat synaptosomal membranes (Ki = 1.45±0.22 nM) and blocks affinity-labeling of a 33-kDa 125I-apamin-binding polypeptide. Other neurotoxins that act on the calcium channels are calcicludine, calciseptine, ω-conotoxin, ω-agatoxin.
Mode of action
It lowers the plateau of the action potential, decreasing the duration and the concentration parameters in the heart muscle cells. It has been seen that the 16-kDa subunit exhibits phospholipase activity, inducing a release of acyl CoA and acyl carnitine, fact which has a negative effect on cell's integrity and function. TCX is involved in the outer hair cell motility too, by blocking the calcium traffic and preventing the cell shortening and elongation. Taicatoxin has an inhibitory effect by reducing the affinity of 125I-apamin for its acceptor and not by alteration of the acceptor binding site density.
Toxicity
A dose of 1 to 2 μg of taicatoxin can kill a mouse of 20 g in 2 hours.
Pretreatment with taicatoxin (0.19 μM) on the outer hair cells of guinea pig prevented the cell shortening induced by high K+ (50 mM) and the cell elongation induced by ionomycine (10 μM). This is because taicatoxin blocks the calcium influx through the calcium channels in the cell's membrane.
50 nM of taicatoxin blocks the apamin-sensitive after-hyperpolarizing slow tail K+ currents in rat chromaffin cells, but not immediately; instead, 5 μM of this toxin immediately blocks the ISK(Ca) tail current.
It has been shown that taicatoxin blocks the calcium currents in heart cells with IC50 between 10-500 nM. Also was seen to evoke severe arrhythmias and prolonged changes in the intercellular electrical coupling.
References
External links
Neurotoxins
Ion channel toxins
Vertebrate toxins
Fantastica is a 1980 French-Canadian musical film directed by Gilles Carle. It was entered into the 1980 Cannes Film Festival. An English-language dialogue dubbed version of the film was broadcast on Superchannel, a pay-TV channel in western Canada in the early 1980s.
Cast
Soundtrack album
Released in 1980 by A cappella Beaubec Musique, the album's catalogue number is AC-108. The French pressing's catalogue number is RSL-1085. All songs composed by Lewis Furey, and arranged by John Lissauer. The album is produced by Lewis Furey and John Lissauer. The lyrics were printed on the inner sleeve. The album was reissued in 2005 on CD by Mantra Records (Mantra 020 WM 330) in France only.
Side one
Fantastica (Theme generique) [1:32]
Funny Funny [2:30]
Be My Baby Tonight [3:28]
This Could Have Been The Song [3:38]
Fantastica [3:12]
Goodbye Love [2:27]
Side two
What's Wrong With Me [3:24]
Happy's In Town [3:16]
Lorca In Three Movements [9:27]
This Could Have Been The Song (piano duo) [2:55]
References
External links
1980 films
1980s musical films
Canadian musical films
French musical films
1980s French-language films
Films directed by Gilles Carle
French-language Canadian films
1980s Canadian films
George Alfred Peters (16 June 1912 – 21 September 1988) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Peters later served in the Australian Army during World War II.
Notes
External links
1912 births
1988 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
North Melbourne Football Club players
Hyundai Automotive South Africa (Pty) Ltd. is a dealer network and automobile manufacturer based in Bedfordview, South Africa and a subsidiary of Hyundai.
History
The company was formed in 1999 as a collaboration between the holding company Associated Motor Holdings and Hyundai. It succeeded the dealer network Hyundai Motor Distributors (HMD).
The HMD network founded by Billy Rautenbach, with 52 branches, was able to offer vehicles that were inexpensively assembled by the Motor Company of Botswana and an extended warranty of three years. With these and other aggressive methods, it had achieved a ten percent market share in South Africa.
Hyundai has been assembling trucks in Gauteng since July 2014. In March 2015, the assembly of the H100 was added.
References
External links
Official Website
Hyundai Motor Company
Car manufacturers of South Africa
Companies based in Germiston
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 1999
1999 establishments in South Africa
South African subsidiaries of foreign companies
Janet Rossant, (born 13 July 1950) is a developmental biologist well known for her contributions to the understanding of the role of genes in embryo development. She is a world renowned leader in developmental biology. Her current research interests focus on stem cells, molecular genetics, and developmental biology. Specifically, she uses cellular and genetic manipulation techniques to study how genes control both normal and abnormal development of early mouse embryos. Rossant has discovered information on embryo development, how multiple types of stem cells are established, and the mechanisms by which genes control development. In 1998, her work helped lead to the discovery of the trophoblast stem cell, which has assisted in showing how congenital anomalies in the heart, blood vessels, and placenta can occur.
She is currently the President and Science Director at Gairdner, a senior scientist in the Developmental & Stem Cell Biology Program, the chief of research at the Hospital for Sick Children (SickKids) Research Institute in Toronto, a university professor at the University of Toronto in the departments of Molecular Genetics, Obstetrics/Gynecology, Pediatrics, deputy scientific director of the Canadian Stem Cell Network, and the senior editor of the journal eLife. In 2013, she was the president of International Society for Stem Cell Research.
Education
Janet Rossant received her B.A. in zoology from the University of Oxford, England, in 1972, graduating with Honors 1st Class. She then earned her PhD in mammalian development from Darwin College, University of Cambridge, England, in 1976.
Sick Kids Lab
Rossant's lab is based in Toronto, Canada, at the SickKids, and focuses on stem cell and embryonic research. The lab specifically focuses on how cells in the early mouse embryos decide their fate and how this information can be applied to maintaining and differentiating embryo-derived stem cells. They then use this information to research how to change human iPS cells (induced pluripotent stem cells) into cell types that are useful for investigating human cell biology and disease. Her research includes using genetic manipulation, live imaging, proteomics and single cell expression analysis to study fundamental lineage development.
Awards
Rossant has won numerous awards in cell and developmental biology. Notably, she won the 2015 Gairdner Wightman Award for her work with the SickKids Research Institute. The Gairdner Foundation presented her with this award "for her outstanding scientific contributions to developmental biology and for her exceptional international leadership in stem cell biology and policy-making, and in advancing research programs for children's illnesses." Her contributions have impacted the way we understand the human genome, congenital abnormalities, and the use of cancer drugs. Her innovation in manipulation of the mouse genome led to the mouse becoming the dominant model in understanding the function of the human genome sequence.
Dr. Rossant was awarded the Ross G. Harrison Medal from the International Society of Developmental Biologists in 2013 at the 17th International Congress of Developmental Biology on 17 June in Cancun, Mexico. In this lifetime achievement award, given out once every four years, the society highlighted Rossant's impact in helping researchers understand human embryo development and stem cell origin, as well as developing the technique of introducing targeted mutations into genes of mouse embryos.
Rossant has called attention to the immense contributions of female scientists, and was one of five women to win the 2018 L'Oréal-UNESCO For Women in Science Award. In response to the award, Rossant stated, "I hope to use this opportunity to encourage more girls globally to take up careers in science, math, engineering and medicine. The future is theirs to grasp."
Selected publications
More publications may be accessed at PubMed.
Embryonic Research
Rossant's research in cell reprogramming has built a foundation for proteomic stem cell resources, and given researchers new methods to understand the mechanisms that regulate cell fate specification. This research identified cell surface markers to monitor cellular differentiation of embryonic (ES), epiblast (EpiSC), trophoblast (TS), and extraembryonic endoderm (XEN) stem cell lineages.
Stem Cell Research
A notable segment of Rossant's research has been her work leading to the 1998 discovery of the trophoblast stem cell. Her work led to the ability to isolate permanent trophoblast stem cell lineages using fibroblast growth factor 4 (FGF4) in contact with mouse blastocysts or early postimplantation trophoblasts. These trophoblast lineages are crucial for the survival of the mammalian embryo in utero.
Rossant's work on mice lung tissue is also very significant. Her work focused on using pluripotent stem cells to create lung epithelial tissue in mice, and examining the potential effects of these results in human medicine. This information was intended to benefit the current understanding of the pluripotent stem cell, as well as examining the potential of these cells in future regenerative medicine, discovering new facets of lung diseases, and improving treatment of lung diseases.
References
1950 births
Living people
20th-century British biologists
20th-century Canadian biologists
20th-century American women scientists
21st-century British biologists
21st-century Canadian biologists
21st-century American women scientists
Alumni of Darwin College, Cambridge
British women biologists
Canadian women biologists
Companions of the Order of Canada
Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of the Royal Society of Canada
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
L'Oréal-UNESCO Awards for Women in Science laureates
Foreign associates of the National Academy of Sciences
Place of birth missing (living people)
20th-century Canadian women scientists
Canadian Fellows of the Royal Society
The Party of Labour and Progress of Melilla () is a political party in Melilla, Spain. Its unclear whether the party is still active.
Labour parties
Political parties in Melilla
Matthew Joseph White (born August 19, 1977) is an American former Major League Baseball (MLB) pitcher who played for the Boston Red Sox, Seattle Mariners, and Washington Nationals between 2003 and 2005. He made news in 2007 for his possession of a potentially-lucrative stone quarry in his native Massachusetts.
Baseball career
Amateur
A native of Pittsfield, Massachusetts, White attended Wahconah Regional High School in Dalton, Massachusetts and played his college baseball at Clemson. In 1997, he played collegiate summer baseball with the Chatham A's of the Cape Cod Baseball League, where he was named a league all-star. He was first drafted by the Cleveland Indians in the amateur draft. He has been through the Rule V Draft twice. In , he was drafted by the Boston Red Sox. In , he was drafted by the Colorado Rockies.
Professional
White pitched in seven different organizations over nine professional seasons. He has three stints in the majors: he pitched three games for the Boston Red Sox in 2003 before being traded to the Seattle Mariners, for whom he pitched three more games in the same season. In , he pitched one game for the Washington Nationals.
In seven major-league games, White pitched 9 innings with an 0-2 record. He allowed 17 hits, eight walks and 18 runs, for a 16.76 ERA and a WHIP of 2.59.
In in the minor leagues, he played for the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Red Barons, where he played 38 games, starting 13 of them. He had a record of 7-9 with a 3.58 ERA and 69 strikeouts. He also played for the Navegantes del Magallanes in the Venezuelan Winter League, where he went 2-4 in ten starts with a 3.40 ERA and 34 strikeouts.
White was a non-roster invitee to the Los Angeles Dodgers in . In spring training, he only allowed one earned run in 7 innings.
However, he failed to make the major league roster and was optioned to the Las Vegas 51s, the Dodgers Triple-A team. He was 2-4 with a 3.83 ERA in 40 games out of the bullpen for the 51s during the 1st half of the 2007 Pacific Coast League season.
On June 25, 2007, he asked for, and was granted, his release from the 51s so that he could sign a contract to play baseball in Japan. He signed with the Yokohama BayStars. He was released on August 15, .
On Jan. 2, 2010, The Uni-President 7-Eleven Lions of the CPBL(Taiwan) announced that they signed White for the 2010 season.
Rock discovery
In 2003, White purchased of mountain real estate in Cummington, Massachusetts from his aunt for $50,000, giving her the money she needed to enter a nursing home. His original intention was to build his home, but he found the land to be too hard. When he called a surveyor out to inspect the land, the surveyor found that the land was solid Goshen stone, a type of mica schist estimated to be about 400 million years old. Estimates have placed the low estimate of the find at 24 million tons. At current prices (he has been selling the stone for over $100/ton), it is estimated to be worth around $2.5 billion, minus extraction costs.
White has begun a small-scale extraction operation, Swift River Stone, and made $600,000 in 2006. He has expressed interest in selling the land, and believes he will get "several million dollars."
When a story broke on most sports news outlets about him on February 28, 2007, some of his teammates in spring training started referring to him in the clubhouse as "Mr. Billionaire."
In early 2009, White listed the 45± acre property with Boston-based real estate firm, LandVest, Inc., which specializes in the marketing of luxury residences, vacant land and resource-based properties, including timberland. The asking price for the property is available upon request.
References
External links
, or Baseball Reference (Minor, Winter, Japanese and Independent Leagues), or Retrosheet
1977 births
Living people
Águilas Cibaeñas players
American expatriate baseball players in the Dominican Republic
Akron Aeros players
American expatriate baseball players in Japan
Baseball players from Boston
Boston Red Sox players
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Burlington Indians players (1986–2006)
Chatham Anglers players
Clemson Tigers baseball players
Columbus Red Stixx players
Kinston Indians players
Las Vegas 51s players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Navegantes del Magallanes players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
New Orleans Zephyrs players
Omaha Royals players
Pastora de los Llanos players
Pawtucket Red Sox players
Pittsfield Colonials players
Portland Sea Dogs players
Sarasota Red Sox players
Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Red Barons players
Seattle Mariners players
Sportspeople from Pittsfield, Massachusetts
Washington Nationals players
Watertown Indians players
Yokohama BayStars players
城東區 (Traditional Chinese), 城东区 (Simplified Chinese), 城東区 (Shinjitai) may refer to:
Chengdong District, one of the five districts of Xining, People's Republic of China
Jōtō-ku, Osaka, one of the 24 wards of Osaka, Japan
Jōtō, a ward in Tokyo City, now part of Kōtō, Tokyo, Japan
Seongdong-gu, one of the 25 districts of Seoul, South Korea
The 1957 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 26th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18.
Dublin entered the championship as defending champions, however, they were defeated in the Leinster Championship.
On 22 September 1957, Meath won the championship following a 3-9 to 0-4 defeat of Armagh in the All-Ireland final. This was their first All-Ireland title.
Results
Ulster Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Connacht Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
Meath wins the Leinster title for the first time in their history.
References
1957
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Herzogenbusch () was a Nazi concentration camp located in Vught near the town of 's-Hertogenbosch, Netherlands. The camp was opened in 1943 and held 31,000 prisoners. 749 prisoners died in the camp, and the others were transferred to other camps shortly before Herzogenbusch was liberated by the Allied Forces in 1944. After the war, the camp was used as a prison for Germans and for Dutch collaborators. Today there is a visitors' center which includes exhibitions and a memorial remembering the camp and its victims.
History
During World War II, Nazi Germany occupied Netherlands from 1940 to 1945. In 1942, the Nazis transported Jewish and other prisoners from the Netherlands via Amersfoort and Westerbork transit camps to Auschwitz concentration camp, except for 850 prisoners sent to Mauthausen concentration camp. When Amersfoort and Westerbork proved to be too small to handle the large number of prisoners, the Schutzstaffel (SS) decided to build a concentration camp in Vught, near the town of 's-Hertogenbosch.
Construction of the camp at Herzogenbusch, the German name for 's-Hertogenbosch, started in 1942. The camp was modelled on concentration camps in Germany. The first prisoners, who arrived in 1943, had to finish the construction of the camp, which was in use between January 1943 and September 1944. During that period, it held nearly 31,000 prisoners: Jews, political prisoners, resistance fighters, Gypsies, Jehovah's Witnesses, homosexuals, homeless people, black market traders, criminals, and hostages.
At least 749 men, women and children died in Herzogenbusch due to hunger, sickness and abuse. Of those, 329 were murdered at the execution site just outside the camp. As Allied forces approached Herzogenbusch, the camp was evacuated and the prisoners were transferred to concentration camps further east. By 4–5 September 1944, the women inmates had been sent to Ravensbrück Concentration Camp, and the men to Sachsenhausen concentration camp. On 26 October 1944, Scottish troops of the 7th Black Watch, and Canadian troops of the 4th Canadian Armoured Division's 96th Battery, 5th Anti-tank Regiment, liberated the camp during Operation Pheasant after fighting a rear guard of SS personnel left to defend the nearly evacuated facility. There were around 500-600 prisoners left alive, who were due to be executed that afternoon, and whose lives were saved by the arrival of the liberating forces. About 500 inmates were also discovered dead in piles near the gates, having been executed the very morning the day the camp was liberated.
In the first years following the war, the camp was used for the detention of Germans, Dutch SS men, alleged collaborators and their children, and war criminals. At first, they were guarded by Allied soldiers, but shortly after by the Dutch.
Diary of David Koker
A Jewish student, David Koker (1921-1945), lived with his family in Amsterdam until he was captured on the night of 11 February 1943 and transported to Vught camp. During his internment, he wrote a diary, which was smuggled out of the camp in parts; it is now complete and conserved. It records events from 11 February 1943 until 8 February 1944. Koker wrote poems in his diary and taught Jewish children in the camp.
On 2 June 1944, he and his family were transported by train to Auschwitz-Birkenau. Koker got the chance to throw a letter from the train. The family was later transported to the Groß-Rosen camp (Langenbielau).
Koker's mother and brother Max survived the war, but David died during transport of sick people to Dachau in 1945.
Diary of Helga Deen
Helga Deen (Stettin, Germany, 6 April 1925 – Sobibor, 16 July 1943) was the author of a diary, discovered in 2004, which describes her time in the Herzogenbusch concentration camp in Vught, where she was taken during World War II at the age of 18.
After her last diary entry, in early July 1943, Helga Deen was deported to Sobibor extermination camp and murdered. She was 18 years old.
Corrie ten Boom
Corrie ten Boom (1892-1983) and her sister Betsie (1885-1944) were detained at the Herzogenbusch camp (after four months in Scheveningen) for sheltering Jews and others at their Haarlem home from the occupation authorities. During that time she was detailed to work at building radios in a nearby aircraft factory under a kind prisoner-foreman. Just before the camp's liberation, the sisters were sent onto Ravensbruck where Betsie died. Corrie survived captivity and the war to describe her experiences in her autobiography The Hiding Place (1971).
Commanders
Karl Chmielewski
The first commander of Herzogenbusch was 39-year-old Karl Chmielewski. During the first few months, the camp was poorly run. Prisoners received no meals, the sick were barely treated, and the quality of drinking water was very poor. He was removed from command in 1943 for stealing from the camp on a large scale. In 1961, he was tried in West Germany and sentenced to life imprisonment for his homicidal brutality towards the prisoners. Chmielewski was released from prison in 1979, on the grounds of his deteriorating mental health. He died in a mental hospital in 1991
Adam Grünewald
The second commander was 40-year-old Adam Grünewald. Immediately after assuming command over the camp, he imposed very strict rules. In January 1944, he ordered that a group of female prisoners was to be put into one cell. That resulted in what has become known as the Bunker Tragedy: twelve of the women packed into the cell died during the night. His superiors, unhappy that the tragedy was leaked to the press, brought him before an SS judge. Grünewald was initially sentenced to 3.5 years in prison for excessive cruelty, but was pardoned after serving a month. However, he was then stripped of his rank and ordered to fight on the Eastern front as a common soldier. Grünewald survived for nearly a year before being killed in action in January 1945.
Hans Hüttig
The last commander of Herzogenbusch was the 50-year-old Hans Hüttig. He joined the SS in 1932 as an unpaid volunteer, and the Nazi party soon thereafter. In 1944, Huttig oversaw the evacuation and closure of the camp. After the war, Hüttig was detained, but did not go to trial for nearly a decade. He was sentenced to death in 1954, but was not executed. Hüttig was released in 1956, and died a free man in 1980.
List of subcamps
Current state
The execution site near the camp is now a national monument, with a wall bearing the names of all those who died there. The wall has suffered numerous acts of vandalism. In one case, black smears were drawn on the wall, using tar, which seeped into the stone and proved impossible to remove.
The camp was partially demolished after the war. The grounds now house an educational museum known as Nationaal Monument Kamp Vught, the Van Brederodekazerne military base, a neighbourhood for Indonesian refugees from Maluku, and the Nieuw Vosseveld high security prison. However, parts of the old camp still exist. Central to the prison, the bunker where the Bunker Tragedy occurred still stands. Large parts of the southern camp buildings are now used by the Dutch military, including the former SS barracks that have a cruciform ground plan.
See also
List of Nazi concentration camps
The Holocaust in The Netherlands
References
External links
Mass murder in the Netherlands
Nazi concentration camps in the Netherlands
War crimes in the Netherlands
World War II memorials in the Netherlands
World War II museums in the Netherlands
History of North Brabant
Museums in North Brabant
Vught
“True Blue” was the debut single from the indiepop band Tullycraft.
Track listing
True Blue (3:03)
Skyway (1:39)
Superboy & Supergirl (3:02)
Personnel
Sean Tollefson – vocals, bass
Jeff Fell – drums
Gary Miklusek – guitar, backing vocals
Pat Maley – production, audio engineering, keyboards
Aaron Gorseth – production assistance
References
Strong, M. C. (2003). The Great Indie Discography (2nd Edition) pg. 1041. Published by Canon Books Ltd. (US/CAN) .
Discogs . True Blue. Retrieved on November 14, 2008.
1990 singles
1990 songs
The 1998 British Academy Television Awards were held on 18 May at the Prince of Wales Theatre in London. The ceremony was broadcast on ITV, hosted by Bob Monkhouse, and it was the first occasion since 1968 that the Television Awards had been held separately from the British Academy Film Awards, instead of as a joint ceremony.
Winners and nominees
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface; the nominees are listed below.
Craft Awards
Special Award
Roger Cook
References
External links
British Academy Craft Awards official website
1998
1998 awards in the United Kingdom
1998 television awards
1998 in British television
May 1998 events in the United Kingdom
Khakim Kayumovich Fuzaylov (; born 12 August 1964), is a former Tajikistani professional footballer and current manager.
Career
Club
Fuzaylov made his professional debut in the Soviet First League in 1986 for Pamir Dushanbe. He played 1 game in the UEFA Cup 1993–94 for Lokomotiv Moscow.
Managerial
Fuzaylov started his managing career at FK Buxoro in 1998. In 2000–2002 he served as coach in FK Dinamo-Samarqand. From 2005 to 2011 he worked as scout coach in Rostov and Lokomotiv Moscow. In 2013 Fuzaylov was appointed by club as head coach of Lokomotiv Tashkent. Lokomotiv Tashkent leading by Fuzaylov finished 2013 season as runners-up after Bunyodkor. On 13 February 2014 he was fired from his post after Lokomotiv could not qualify to group stage of 2014 AFC Champions League.
Following Tajikistans failure to qualify for the 2019 Asian Cup, Fuzaylov resigned as manager.
On 3 December 2018, Fuzaylov was announced as the new manager of Istiklol. On 27 June 2019, Fuzaylov resigned as manager after Istiklol to progress from the group stages of the AFC Cup, with Alisher Tukhtaev being appointed as Caretaker Manager in his place.
On 23 December 2021, Fuzaylov left Dinamo Samarqand after getting them promoted back to the Uzbekistan Super League.
Personal life
Fuzaylov's younger brother Rahmatullo Fuzailov is also a professional footballer.
Career statistics
International
Statistics accurate as of 12 November 2015
International goals
Honours
Club
Tajik League champion: 1992
Russian Premier League bronze: 1994
Manager
Uzbek League runners-up: 2013
References
1964 births
Living people
People from Khatlon Region
Soviet footballers
Tajikistani footballers
Association football defenders
Tajikistan international footballers
Tajikistani football managers
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
CSKA Pamir Dushanbe players
Tajikistani expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Tajikistani expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Soviet Top League players
Russian Premier League players
Expatriate football managers in Russia
FK Dinamo Samarqand managers
FK Andijan managers
PFC Lokomotiv Tashkent managers
Vakhsh Qurghonteppa players
FC Arsenal Tula players
These are the number-one songs of 2004 in the Australian ARIA singles chart.
Chart history
Songs that peaked at number 2 include "Milkshake" by Kelis, "Here Without You" by 3 Doors Down, "I Don't Wanna Know" by Mario Winans and "Leave (Get Out)" by JoJo
Songs that peaked at number 3 include "Suga Suga" by Baby Bash
Other hit songs included "My Immortal" by Evanescence (4), "Behind Blue Eyes" (4), "With You" by Jessica Simpson (4), "Four to the Floor" by Starsailor (5) and "So Beautiful" by Pete Murray (9).
References
Australian Record Industry Association (ARIA) official site
OzNet Music Chart
2004 in Australian music
Australia singles
2004
Pupa tessellata is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Acteonidae.
Distribution
This species occurs in the Indo-Pacific.
References
External links
Sea Slugs of Hawaii info
Acteonidae
Gastropods of New Zealand
Gastropods described in 1842
Paul S. O'Brien (born 19 August 1948) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Notes
External links
1948 births
Living people
Fitzroy Football Club players
Australian players of Australian rules football
Księży Młyn (, Polish pronunciation: ) is an area in the southern central part of the city of Łódź located in central Poland which consists of a group of textile factories (mainly cotton spinning mills) and associated facilities, built in Łódź since 1824. Since the first decade of the 21st century the area undergoes major renovation and contains mixed-use development of offices and housing.
History
This complex was established on the site of a former mill settlement, belonging to the Łódź priest, mentioned in 1428 and 1521. There was also a village administrator's mill, later called the village head, erected at the same time, a short distance from the presbytery, in the upper course of the Jasień river, a right tributary Ner. By order of the authorities of November 21, 1823, the mills of Wójtowski, Księży and Lamus passed under the management of the municipal commune with the intention of using them for industrial purposes, in accordance with the rules established on January 30, 1821 by the government administration of the Kingdom of Poland.
The first to build a workshop there was Krystian Wendisch, opening a large spinning mill (1827-1830), Karol Fryderyk Moes, and then after his death in 1863 Teodor Krusche, son of the Benjamin factory manufacturer Benjamin Krusche. A fire in 1870 interrupted his production activities. In the same year, Karol Wilhelm Scheibler, an entrepreneur dynamically developing his cotton factory at the Water Market in Łódź, bought the burned factory and the entire estate of Księży Młyn and Wójtowski Młyn.
The first spinning mill of Karol Scheibler (originating from a German family, which with a Belgian passport arrived in Łódź via Ozorków in 1854), with a 40 HP steam engine, was built at the Water Market (today Plac Zwycięstwa) next to the Źródliska Park in 1855. In the following years expansion of the enterprise in this region to the form of factory and residential buildings, being the first planned of this type in Łódź. The whole in the first stage of development was a kind of jurydyka - an enclave on urban land, not subject to municipal authorities.
Starting from the 1870s, another Scheibler factory complex began to grow - on an unprecedented scale - "Księży Młyn" (according to the design by Hilary Majewski - although this attribute raises serious doubts), with the largest cotton spinning building in Łódź ( 207 m long), a housing estate for workers, residential houses Families, the so-called factory shop consumer, fire brigade, hospital, school, palace complex and park with a pond. Currently, this compact residential and industrial district, which is an unusual "city in the city", is one of the most interesting industrial monuments in the world. The factory complex at Księży Młyn - also known as Pffafendorf from Germany - is the first assumption on this scale, later unsurpassed, assuming the characteristic layout for Łódź: a factory - a residence - a housing estate. This is one of the best implementations of this kind, not only in Poland, but also in Europe. As a complex, it has been entered in the register of monuments, and efforts have been made for several years to make it a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Scheibler's enterprise (the largest among textile companies in Congress Poland) covered almost the entire zone of water and factory possessions, stretching from Piotrkowska Street. to the border of Widzew district (to the current Konstytucji St.). The total area of these areas was over 500ha, which constituted about 14% of the then city territory. The whole complex was distinguished not only by its modern production, but also by its excellent spatial organization at that time. All factory facilities, with a total capacity of over 1 million m³, were the first in Łódź to be connected by a system of railway sidings approx. 5 km long from the factory-Łódź railway line (launched on November 17, 1865).
Scheibler, in order to strengthen the bond between workers and the enterprise, built a whole series of twin workers' houses around 1865 on the north side of the Water Market, in the 1870s next to the spinning mill at Księży Mill, at the end of the 19th century at Emilii Street (today Tymienieckiego Street) and at the beginning of the 20th century along Przędzalniana Street. The factory estate at Księży Młyn was particularly expanded. Today it is one of the most valuable architectural and urban monuments in Łódź.
The entire industrial complex was supplemented with palace residences: at the Water Market (1865) - the Palace of the Scheibler family, now the Museum of Cinematography in Łódź, at Piotrkowska Street in the vicinity of the Bielnik Market Square - currently occupied by the Lodz University of Technology and at the corner of Przędzalniana and Emilia streets (1875) - currently the Residence Księży Młyn, a branch of the Art Museum). The latter was occupied by Scheibler's son-in-law, Edward Herbst with his wife Matilda.
In 1921, the Scheibler factory merged with the textile factory of Ludwik Grohman (founded in 1842 by Traugott Grohmann, father of Ludwik). As a result, the largest textile industry enterprise in Poland in the early 1920s (United Scoibler's and L. Grohman's Zakłady Włókiennicze, SA in Łódź) was created.
References
Mixed-use developments in Poland
Łódź
Adaptive reuse of industrial structures in Poland
Echinocereus stramineus is a species of cactus in which stramineus means made of straw. There are various common names such as strawberry cactus, porcupine hedgehog cactus, straw-color hedgehog, and pitaya. The straw-colored spines make this particular plant distinguished from other Echinocereus. The aged spines may turn to white color and are very fragile.
Distribution
Echinocereus stramineus is natively found in the United States (New Mexico and southwest Texas) and Mexico (Coahuila, Chihuahua, and Nuevo León). It prefers a similar living environment to other cactus such as desert, river and higher mountains. There are certain specific areas in Mexico and United States where the plants occur. For example, United States; southern Trans-Pecos and the Big Bend region, Terrell Co. and lower Pecos River, Val Verde Co.(2,500–5000 ft). The region of the east side of Upton Co. to the Pecos River. South-central NM, Doña Ana, Otero, and Eddy counties. Mexico; Coahuila, East Chihuahua, West edges of Nuevo León, north Zacatecas, Northeast Durango, and N San Luis potosí.
Vegetative characteristic
Echinocereus stramineus has various stems from which a sexual mature plant can have a number of stems from 10–50 to 100–350. The largest stem reported was 1 meter in diameter with up to 500 stems. The most unusual feature of this plant is the number of ribs per stem. Normally, it has 11–17 ribs per stem and the average ribs per stem is 12 so it is easier to distinguish this from other Echinocereus. In E. stramineus, the areoles are circular in shape and normally 7–15 mm apart. Each areole contains average 2–4 central spines and 7–10 radial spines in which radial spines are acicular and 2–3 cm in length.
Flowers and fruits
Echinocereus stramineus flowers in late March to May and flowers are average 8.5 to 12.5 cm in diameter and length, the color of inner tepals is deep red compared to the outer portion of the tepals. The filaments are 0.8–1 cm long and are reddish, anthers are yellow in color. (Filament and anther are the male structures). The green stigma lobes (usually 10–13 lobes and average 8 mm long) are supported by reddish style (usually 2.7 cm long and 2.5 mm thick). There are also rare individuals reported by Big Bend National Park where pure white flowers are found instead of red color as usual. Fruits are globular shape with 5–6 cm in diameter and the color will turn into reddish brown when ripe, and the areoles on fruit can be easily removed.
References
stramineus
Abigail Evelyn Titmuss (born 8 February 1976) is an English actress, television personality and poker player. She is also a former glamour model and nurse.
Early life and education
Born in Newark-on-Trent in Nottinghamshire, Titmuss grew up in Ruskington, Lincolnshire; both of her parents were teachers. She took her A-levels at Kesteven and Sleaford High School, where she played the clarinet. When she was 17, her parents divorced and her father moved to Argyll, Scotland.
Nursing
Titmuss graduated from City University at the teaching hospital St Bartholomew's Hospital in 1998. She completed a nursing diploma, because she "was interested in becoming a doctor, but hadn't taken A level Chemistry" and became a staff nurse at London's University College Hospital.
Television and radio
Titmuss was hired as a roving reporter on the Channel 4 programme Richard & Judy, in late 2003, and stated at the time that the job was "an absolute dream come true". She lost her job in January 2004 following allegations of group sex with her boyfriend John Leslie. A sex tape from four years earlier emerged, in which she had been privately filmed having sex with Leslie and Aisha Abubakar, an aspiring model. The footage was downloaded without permission from a private computer and made public by "conman" Jason Onabowale, subsequently convicted and sentenced to serve 18 years in jail for four counts of rape.
She appeared on Hell's Kitchen in 2004 and the following year appeared on Channel 4's The Friday Night Project as a regular guest; in Abi Titmuss: A Modern Day Morality Tale, a fly-on-the-wall documentary for Channel 4; and on ITV1's Celebrity Love Island.
She starred on a celebrity edition of Channel 4's Come Dine with Me with Paul Ross, Lesley Joseph, Linda Lusardi and Rodney Marsh.
Titmuss appeared on the reality television series Deadline with Janet Street Porter on ITV2. The show followed a number of celebrities as they attempted to produce a celebrity-based magazine each week, published as a supplement to Closer. Titmuss was the fourth celebrity to be sacked from the show.
She has guest-presented shows on Virgin Radio, MTV and LBC radio.
Glamour
Titmuss took up presenting on pornographic channel Television X; released a fitness video; put her name to an erotic novel published by Black Lace; and made personal appearances in nightclubs in the UK and Ireland. An initial offer of a photo shoot over two pages of FHM morphed into a three-page spread and a cover.
In December 2004, Titmuss appeared on the front cover of FHM again, with Swedish model Victoria Silvstedt, "marking," as she wrote, "the first time a girl was on the FHM cover twice in one year". In 2004 and 2005, she made a total of 38 front-page appearances on British men's magazines, such as FHM, Nuts, Zoo Weekly, Loaded, GQ and Maxim. She also appeared in the Sunday Times Style section and in glamour pictures in several tabloid newspapers, including The Sun, News of the World, Daily Mirror, The People and Daily Star.
In 2005, Titmuss was ranked seventh by readers in FHMs list of 100 Sexiest Women in the World. She started writing a regular sex advice column for the magazine the same year. In 2005, Titmuss appeared in a high fashion shoot in Pop magazine, which commented on her status as the "face of 21st century celebrity".
In her memoir, Titmuss states how she quickly realised that she wanted more control after seeing magazines pay her for one shoot and then sell the pictures many times over. Accordingly, she started paying for and directing her own shoots, thus owning the copyright over them and selling them herself, along with her manager.
After taking a break from modelling, Titmuss relaunched her glamour career in 2007, this time as a brunette, with an appearance on the cover of Zoo Weekly and the sale of the official "Abi Titmuss Calendar".
After announcing in late 2007 that she would take a break from her glamour modelling career to concentrate on acting, Titmuss returned with a Nuts shoot in April 2009 to promote one more calendar.
Acting
Titmuss first acted during her university studies and then took part-time acting courses at the Central School of Speech and Drama, paid for from her nursing work. After reducing her glamour model work, Titmuss took a further short acting course at the same establishment. She also trained at Kensington and Chelsea College.
According to her memoir, the first West End theatre producer to audition her for a role was Marc Sinden:
In March 2006, Titmuss made her London theatre acting début at the Courtyard Theatre in King's Cross, playing a prostitute with a multiple personality disorder in Two Way Mirror (a combination of the one-act plays Elegy for a Lady and Some Kind of Love Story by Arthur Miller); for which she won a Fringe Report Award for Best West End Début.
In 2006, Titmuss had a small role in the film Goal! 2 and in the following year appeared in the second series premiere of Rob Brydon's Annually Retentive, which aired on BBC Three; and as a character called Gezebelle in an episode of Katy Brand's Big Ass Show, a sketch comedy series for ITV2.
Between 26 February and 23 March 2008, Titmuss appeared in the black comedy Fat Christ at the King's Head Theatre in Islington, London.
She has been cast in small roles in the British independent films Do Elephants Pray? and Mixed Up. In 2008, she played the "Mysterious Girl" in the Beat 24 Films independent feature film Frontman.
In 2009, Titmuss was cast in the 25th anniversary production of John Godber's play Up 'n' Under at the newly refurbished Hull Truck Theatre, Hull. Titmuss played Hazel, the fitness instructor, starring alongside James Crossley (formerly the Gladiator "Hunter" in the British version of Gladiators) and soap actor Lewis Linford ("Lee Naylor" in Emmerdale). She also had a part in the BBC TV series Hotel Babylon, playing a nun.
In November and December 2009, Titmuss appeared in a production of Shakespeare's Macbeth with the Seagull Rep, playing the character of Lady Macbeth. The production opened at the Seagull Theatre in Lowestoft before transferring to other East Anglian venues.
In January 2015, Titmuss announced that she had changed her name to Abigail Evelyn, in the context of her relocation to Hollywood, California and her attempts to establish a new career as an actress.
Poker
Titmuss started playing poker "seriously" around 2001. In 2008, Titmuss played in "Ante Up For Africa", a charity side-event of the World Series of Poker, in Las Vegas. Ladbrokes Poker started sponsoring her in 2005, when she appeared in the first Ladbrokes Poker European Ladies Championship.
Publications
In 2005, Titmuss produced a book, co-written with Jayne Lockwood, called Ten Fantasies, in which she revealed her "ten most secret sexual fantasies." She stated that she did not want her mother to read it.
On 24 July 2008, her memoir, titled The Secret Diaries of Abigail Titmuss, on which she collaborated with Heat journalist Lucie Cave, was published by Headline Review. It was written in the form of a diary and is a day-to-day summary of her life for the previous six years. It includes an indepth look into the trial of Titmuss' then-boyfriend John Leslie, who had been accused of rape; her rise to fame; and how she dealt with the tabloids invading her life.
Personal life
Titmuss first came to public attention as the girlfriend of TV presenter John Leslie, whom she met in a Fulham bar on 10 April 1999. In 2017, she married Days of Our Lives co-star Ari Welkom.
References
Sources
Titmuss, Abi & Jayne Lockwood. Ten Fantasies, Virgin Books, July 2005,
Titmuss, Abi & Lucie Cave. The Secret Diaries of Abigail Titmuss, Headline Review, July 2008,
External links
1976 births
Living people
Actresses from Lincolnshire
Actresses from Nottinghamshire
Alumni of City, University of London
Alumni of Grantham College
Alumni of the Royal Central School of Speech and Drama
English film actresses
English musical theatre actresses
English stage actresses
English television actresses
English television presenters
Glamour models
Nurses from London
People educated at Kesteven and Sleaford High School
People from Ruskington
Galyaság is a small ethnographical region of Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in Hungary. It is usually described by its central region. In a more tighten manner it includes the Northern and Southern attachemments also.
Central region
Only five settlements belong to this category. Three of them are in the valley of Rét between Aggtelek Karst and the Mountains of Rudabánya. These are Égerszög, Teresztenye and Szőlősardó. The other two are North from these on the hills in the nearby. These villages are Tornakápolna and Varbóc.
Northern Part
Perkupa (with Dobódél)
Szögliget and Derenk
Szin
Szinpetri
Jósvafő
Aggtelek
Southern Part
Imola
Kánó
Alsótelekes
Felsőtelekes
Sources
Bogsán Gyula, Koleszár Krisztián: Falvak a Galyaságban és mellékén. Galyasági Településszövetség, Perkupa, 2002. .
Geography of Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County
Willy Segers (born 21 November 1958 in Anderlecht) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. He was elected as a member of the Flemish Parliament in 2009.
Notes
Living people
Members of the Flemish Parliament
New Flemish Alliance politicians
1958 births
People from Anderlecht
21st-century Belgian politicians
Richtenberg () is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is southwest of Stralsund.
Richtenberg was first mentioned in the founding document of the Neuenkamp monastery (today Franzburg) dated 8 November 1231. It is the oldest documented place in the region. In the foundation deed of the ruling Prince Wizlaw I, the monastery was awarded a patronage over the Richtenberg church as well as a local salt source.
References
Populated places established in the 13th century
1290s establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
1297 establishments in Europe
Province of Pomerania (1815–1945)
Michael O'Brien (January 29, 1939 – November 10, 2016) was an American poet.
He began his poetry career as part of the "Eventorium", a relatively obscure group of New York City artists with an interest in surrealism. O'Brien's early work is now extremely difficult to find, according to a 2007 review of his Sleeping and Waking by David Orr in The New York Times.
His book, Sleeping and Waking was a finalist for the 2007 National Book Critics Circle award. According to Orr, poetry critic of The New York Times, the poems in the collection are "heavy on isolated images, dream logic, bits of overheard conversation (typically urban conversation) and memories, with larger themes emerging through juxtapositions and repetitions. Indeed, many poems consist of nothing but juxtapositions and repetitions."
Works
Sleeping and Waking Flood Editions, 2007
Sills: Selected Poems, Zoland, 2000
At Schoodic, Cairn Editions, 2000
The Ruin, an assortment of translations, 1986
The Summer Poems, Eventorium Press, 1967
Notes
External links
Reviews of Sleeping and Waking
Review by David Orr in The New York Times
Review by Maureen N. McLane at "Zoland Poetry"
American male poets
1939 births
Living people
Ajay Pratap Shah (died September 12, ? in Lucknow, India) was a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Rastriya Prajatantra Party. In 1999 parliamentary election he was elected from the Kapilvastu-4 constituency, with 14091 votes.
After the royal coup d'état in February 2005, Shah went into exile in India.
After his death, RPP nominated his son, Abhisek Pratap Shah, to take his parliamentary seat in January 2008.
References
Rastriya Prajatantra Party politicians
Nepalese exiles
Year of death missing
Nepal MPs 1999–2002
The Ganymedidae are a family of parasites in the phylum Apicomplexa.
Taxonomy
There is one genus in this family - Ganymedes.
The type species for this family and genus is Ganymedes anaspidis.
Other species in this genus include Ganymedes oaklandi and Ganymedes themistos.
History
This family was created by Huxley in 1910.
Description
Species in this taxon infect crustaceans.
They are spread by the orofaecal route.
The trophozoites inhabit the gut lumen. They are cylindrical in shape with folds along the surface of the cell. The nucleus is central. The nucleus is off center. A spherical ball like structure may be present at the anterior end of the cell and connected to the body of the cell by a narrow neck. A cup like depression is present at the posterior end.
After undergoing syzygy, the cells have two nuclei.
This new form migrates to the hepatopancreas via its openings into the junction of the fore and midgut.
While within the hepatopancreas, the parasite encysts.
Sporozoites have not been described.
References
Apicomplexa families
The 1929 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the second staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928.
Cork entered the championship as the defending champions, however, they were beaten by Tipperary in the Munster semi-final.
On 16 February 1930, Waterford won the championship following a 5-00 to 1-01 defeat of Meath in the All-Ireland final. This was their first All-Ireland title.
Results
Leinster Minor Hurling Championship
Final
Munster Minor Hurling Championship
Final
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
The All-Ireland final between Meath and Waterford remains their only ever championship meeting.
References
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Waiting for the Hearse (Esperando la carroza in Spanish) is a 1985 Argentine comedy film directed by Alejandro Doria. It is considered a cult film. It opened on 6 May 1985.
The story belongs to the criollo grotesque (costumbrismo) genre or black comedy. It's based on the play of the same name by Jacobo Langsner, premiered by the Comedia Nacional company in 1962. The film adaptation starred some great local stars from the theater world like Antonio Gasalla, China Zorrilla, Luis Brandoni and Betiana Blum. In the River Plate culture, it's considered to be a classic and its reruns on TV still draw large audiences. On April 2, 2009, 23 years after the original film's release, a sequel, Waiting for the Hearse 2, was released.
Background
The film was an adaptation of the play Esperando la carroza (Waiting for the Hearse) by Romanian-Uruguayan Jacobo Langsner and its TV adaptation, broadcast as a part of a show called Alta Comedia by Channel 9 of Buenos Aires during the 1970s, starred China Zorrilla who would go on to play the main role on the big screen adaptation later on, Pepe Soriano, Raúl Rossi, Dora Baret, Alberto Argibay, Lita Soriano, Alicia Berdaxágar, Marta Gam and the special appearance of the Austrian actress and acting teacher Hedy Crilla (1898–1984) as Mamá Cora.
Author and director Alejandro Doria rewrote the script for it to include more lines for the Mamá Cora character, which had very few in both previous versions, among other modifications.
Plot
Musicardi's octogenarian widow, Ana María de los Dolores Buscaroli, called Mamá Cora by everybody (Antonio Gasalla), has four children: Antonio (Luis Brandoni), Sergio (Juan Manuel Tenuta), Emilia (Lidia Catalano) and Jorge Musicardi (Julio De Grazia) with whom she lives and goes through financial troubles. This situation, plus lack of space and constant generational conflicts, makes Susana (Jorge's wife) ask desperately for the siblings-in-law to take their mother with any of them for a while.
Susana had a domestic problem with Mamá Cora. The first was preparing some mayonnaise and she went to nurse her daughter leaving the ingredients alone. Mamá Cora remembered an earlier conversation about caramel custard, and she thought that this concoction was to make some of it, so she innocently added sugar, milk and eggs, causing Susana's rage. Susana storms into Sergio's house, who's getting ready with his perfidious wife Elvira (China Zorrilla) and their daughter Matilde (Andrea Tenuta) to welcome, with the classic Sunday meal, newly rich Antonio (Luis Brandoni) and Nora, his wife (Betiana Blum), who ascended socially and economically in unclear circumstances during Argentina's last dictatorship. Mamá Cora's destiny is debated while lunch is burnt: Sunday ravioli and the tomato sauce made by Elvira. No one wants to take responsibility for the old lady with the women speaking out their opinions and the men trying to maintain respect for the name of their mother.
On her own, Mamá Cora, due to what happened with Susana, decides to go out and stop bothering everyone for some hours. She ends up in the house across Sergio's taking care, as a favor, of the son of Dominga (the neighbor). Nobody finds her and, considering the "disappearance" after the fight with the daughter-in-law, plus the news about a disfigured body of an old lady who committed suicide throwing herself under a train, the remorseful clan comes to the hastened conclusion that Mamá Cora has killed herself so she could stop causing trouble. After double-checking with the police thanks to Antonio's "contacts", the tragedy is informed to the distant relatives and the humble working class Emilia (sister of Jorge, Sergio and Antonio), who arrives with despair over the terrible news.
In the meantime, from Dominga's terrace, Mamá Cora watches people coming and going in and out from Sergio and Elvira's house. Years of troubles, resentment and intrigues come up between all of them while they prepare the service for Mamá Cora. Misunderstandings follow and family's awful truths surface. In the middle of her own vigil, Mamá Cora reappears leaving everybody astonished. The family reconsiders and values the presence of its elder member while she and her friends go to the other woman's service (the old lady who had committed suicide), a Hungarian woman whose body was sent to the Musicardi family by mistake. Susana laughs out loud in front of her disconcerted relatives; she mocks them and herself, because from now on nothing will be the same again.
Cast
Luis Brandoni as Antonio Musicardi
China Zorrilla as Elvira Romero-Musicardi (Sergio's wife)
Antonio Gasalla as Ana María de los Dolores Buscarolli-Musicardi (Mamá Cora)
Betiana Blum as Nora (Antonio's wife)
Julio de Grazia as Jorge Musicardi
Mónica Villa as Susana (Jorge's wife)
Juan Manuel Tenuta as Sergio Musicardi
Andrea Tenuta as Matilde Musicardi (Sergio and Elvira's daughter)
Darío Grandinetti as Cacho (Emilia's son)
Cecilia Rossetto as Dominga
Enrique Pinti as Felipe
Lidia Catalano as Emilia Musicardi
Clotilde Borella as Doña Elisa
Juan Acosta as Peralta
Production
The house where the action takes place is in the neighborhood Versalles in Buenos Aires, on Echenagucía St. It was restored and declared Cultural Heritage of the city of Buenos Aires.
Reception
Waiting for the Hearse was initially not well received by critics upon its release, and it was a moderate success at the box office. It later became a cult classic in Argentine cinema, and - since the first decades after its release - it has been considered as a story that reflects a bitter satire of the Argentine idiosyncrasy, the reality in the late '70s and early 80's and the disregard for senior people, as well as the state of the post-dictatorship society.
The script won the Argentores Award (the award of the Argentine Authors' Union) and the Argentine Film Critics Association award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
Legacy
As a cult classic, every year the film draws surprising levels of audiences when it is broadcast on TV, generally on Sundays, since the story takes place on a Sunday, and the dialogues have set catchphrases and expressions that have been incorporated to the everyday language of both Argentina and Uruguay.
Celebrating two decades from its opening, in 2005 the film's DVD was launched with backstage and deleted scenes, plus an interview with Doria.
The character of "Mamá Cora" was later played by Antonio Gasalla in many other TV shows, including his own.
Sequel
The sequel, Waiting for the Hearse 2, was filmed in 2008 with a script that was written by Jacobo Langsner in 1986. The film was later released in 2009. It received very negative reviews and did poorly at the box office. The role of Jorge was taken by Roberto Carnaghi, due to Julio de Grazia's death in 1989.
Remakes and adaptations
Among the different international adaptations, there is a Portuguese TV movie titled Querida mãe ("Beloved mom"), based on the movie.
An homonymous play was premiered in Madrid, with Spanish actors speaking with a rioplatense accent.
A Brazilian remake by Fox Filmes do Brasil and Globo Filmes was released in 2008, starring Ary Fontoura and titled A guerra dos Rocha (The war of the Rochas).
References
External links
1985 films
Argentine comedy films
1985 comedy films
1980s Spanish-language films
Films shot in Buenos Aires
Films set in Buenos Aires
Films directed by Alejandro Doria
The bar-bellied pitta (Hydrornis elliotii) is a species of bird in the family Pittidae. It is found in Cambodia, Laos, Thailand, and Vietnam. Its natural habitat is seasonal tropical forest.
Gallery
References
bar-bellied pitta
Birds of Laos
Birds of Cambodia
Birds of Vietnam
bar-bellied pitta
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Rubens is a ghost town in Pocahontas County, in the U.S. state of Iowa.
History
The post office in the community was variously called Powhattan, Powhatan, and Reubens before it closed in 1884. Rubens was named for Peter Paul Rubens, a Flemish painter.
References
Geography of Pocahontas County, Iowa
Ghost towns in Iowa
The South Shore Kings are a Tier III Junior A ice hockey team playing in the United States Premier Hockey League (USPHL). The team plays at the Foxboro Sports Center located in Foxboro, Massachusetts.
The organization fields Tier III teams in the USPHL Premier and Elite Divisions. The Kings also offer youth hockey select teams at the Bantam, Peewee, and Squirt and other various levels.
History
The franchise, then known as the NECDL Classics, is a charter member of the Eastern Junior Hockey League (EJHL) since 1993. In 1997 the Classics became the Walpole Stars, remaining as such until 2006, when it changed its name to the Foxboro Stars. One year later the team aligned itself with the South Shore Kings organization (which had fielded midget team), becoming known as the South Shore Kings.
The USPHL was formed for the 2013–14 season during a Tier III reorganization that led to the dissolution of the EJHL. Prior to that season, the Kings participated in the former Junior A Eastern Junior Hockey League (EJHL), the former Junior B Empire Junior Hockey League (EmJHL) and Continental Hockey Association (later named Eastern States Hockey League or ESHL). The former EJHL team now plays in the USPHL Premier Divisions, the former ESHL team plays in the Elite Division, and the former EmJHL team played in the Empire Division from 2012 to 2015.
Season-by-season records
USA Hockey Tier III Junior A National Championships
Round robin play in pool with top 4 teams advancing to semi-final.
Alumni
Noel Acciari – Florida Panthers (NHL)
Charlie Coyle – Drafted in 2010 by San Jose Sharks (NHL), traded to and debuted with the Minnesota Wild in 2012. Subsequently traded to Boston becoming a dependable top 9 forward for the Bruins.
Jim Fahey – San Jose Sharks (NHL) and New Jersey Devils (NHL), 2003 First Team All-American with Northeastern University
Matt Gilroy – New York Rangers (NHL), 2009 Hobey Baker Award Winner, 2008 and 2009 First Team All-American, 2007 Second Team All-American with Boston University
Jordan Smotherman – Atlanta Thrashers (NHL)
Chris Wagner – Boston Bruins (NHL)
References
External links
South Shore Kings Juniors
Ice hockey teams in Massachusetts
Sports in Foxborough, Massachusetts
Ice hockey clubs established in 1993
Junior ice hockey teams in the United States
1993 establishments in Massachusetts
20th century in Foxborough, Massachusetts
The tenth season of American talent show competition series America's Got Talent was broadcast on NBC from May 26 to September 16, 2015. After the previous season, the format of the second round of auditions was changed to a more competitive stage under the title "Judge Cuts", with each episode under this new arrangement featuring a guest judge. For the first use of the format, the guest judges included Neil Patrick Harris, Michael Bublé, Marlon Wayans, and Piers Morgan.
Other changes included the "Golden Buzzer" format that was introduced in the previous season to match the arrangement used across the Got Talent franchise, and minor adjustments to the Wildcard format. The online public voting system was also amended, by renaming it to coincide with the program's newest sponsor for the year. As the program was entering its tenth year of broadcast, two specials were produced to celebrate ten years of America's Got Talent and Got Talent respectively. The first, "10 Years of Talent", aired on July 29, 2015. The second, "World's Got Talent", aired on August 5, 2015.
The tenth season was won by ventriloquist Paul Zerdin, with comedian Drew Lynch finishing in second, and mentalist Oz Pearlman placing third. During its broadcast, the season averaged around 10.28 million viewers.
Season overview
Open auditions began in late 2014, between November and December, in the cities of Tampa, Nashville, Richmond (New York), Chicago, St. Louis, San Antonio, Albuquerque, San Francisco, Seattle, Boise, Los Angeles and Las Vegas. Online auditions were also accepted. Judges' auditions took place in the same venues as last year, between March and May 2015, with a special session for extreme performances held at a venue in Pomona, California. With the program entering its tenth year, special compilation episodes were incorporated to celebrate the wide range of talent that had appeared on America's Got Talent, and within the Got Talent franchise. This included some of the best acts, the most heartwarming stories, the oddest personalities, and the biggest show-stopping moments from the last 10 years. Updates on what some of these acts were currently doing were also shown, along with notable changes to the format of the program for the tenth season.
The second round of auditions changed to a live audience format titled "Judge Cuts". Held at a fixed venue, the new format had participants being divided into groups, with each group's participants required to each conduct a new performance before the judges. Along with a guest judge for each group, acts could only secure a place in the live rounds if they gained a majority vote from the panel. Judge Cuts operated on a similar arrangement to the Judges' auditions. The main judges could stop a performance with their buzzers, the panel could give feedback on a performance once it had ended, and filming of this stage included recordings of the host in the wings of the venue's stage. As the new stage would be held over several weeks (rather than a single week), the broadcast schedule of the program had to be altered, leading to the number of quarter-finals being reduced as a result. This effectively decreased the number of quarter-finalists the competition would have. The first use of the format saw the involvement of the following celebrities: actor Neil Patrick Harris, singer Michael Bublé, actor Marlon Wayans and former AGT judge Piers Morgan.
Another change brought in was the format of the "Golden Buzzer", to coincide with the other editions of Got Talent. The use of the buzzer would allow any participant receiving it to be granted an automatic place in the live rounds, which took into consideration the new audition stage being introduced. While the main judges could only use the buzzer in the first stage, the guest judges could only use it during the second stage for a participant within the group they each oversaw. The Wildcard format from previous seasons was also changed. The judges would pick Wildcard quarter-finalists from any three participants eliminated in the Judge Cuts, regardless of whether the act was televised or not, as well as a single Wildcard semi-finalist from any participant eliminated in the quarter-finals. The online public voting system was also changed, not only in its name to reflect the change of sponsor for America's Got Talent for 2015, but also in allowing the public to vote between the participants in each quarter-final (those who placed 6th, 7th and 8th in the main public vote respectively) for a place in the semi-finals. While the judges voted on which of the two they didn't select for a final place in the next stage, the system for the semi-finals operated the same as before, but it was dropped entirely from being used in the finals. Prior to the start of the live rounds, two participants were forced to withdraw, one of whom had another engagement that would have conflicted with their involvement in the competition (leading to them being replaced by acts that had originally been eliminated in the Judge Cuts).
Thirty-six of the participants who auditioned for this season secured a place in the live quarter-finals, with twelve quarter-finalists performing in each show. These included: comedian Drew Lynch, contemporary dance duo Freckled Sky, gospel singer Sharon Irving and classical singer Arielle Baril, who had each received a golden buzzer from the main judges; magician Piff the Magic Dragon, singing duet The Craig Lewis Band, ventriloquist Paul Zerdin, and Japanese light-and-sound dance troupe Siro-A, who had each received a golden buzzer from the guest judges; acrobatic dance duo Craig & Micheline, flyboarder Damone Rippy and gymnastic team Showproject, who were chosen as Wild Card quarter-finalists. About twenty-two quarter-finalists advanced and were split between the two semi-finals, including motocross team Metal Mulisha Fitz Army chosen as the Wildcard semi-finalist, with ten semi-finalists securing a place in the finals. These are the results of each participant's overall performance in the season:
| | | |
| Wildcard Quarter-finalist | Wildcard Semi-finalist
Golden Buzzer - Auditions | Golden Buzzer - Judge Cuts
Ages denoted for a participant(s), pertain to their final performance for this season.
The ages of Craig & Micheline were not disclosed on the program.
These participants were replacements for those who withdrew from the competition, despite securing a place in the live rounds.
No actual information on the puppeteer for this act was disclosed by the show, other than the location they came from.
For health and safety reasons, Metal Mulisha Fitz Army live round performances were pre-recorded at another site.
Locations denote where members of this group came from.
Quarter-finals summary
Buzzed Out | Judges' choice |
| |
Quarter-final 1 (August 11)
Guest Performers, Results Show: The Rockettes, Mat Franco, and OMI
Quarter-final 2 (August 18)
Guest Performers, Results Show: Emily West, and William Close
Due to the majority vote for 3 Shades of Blue, Klum's voting intention was not revealed.
For health & safety reasons, Damone Rippy's performance had to be pre-recorded at another site.
Quarter-final 3 (August 25)
Guest Performers, Results Show: Cast of Le Rêve
Metal Mulisha Fitz Army were later appointed the judges' WildCard semi-finalist.
Semi-finals summary
Buzzed Out | Judges' choice |
| |
Semi-final 1 (September 1)
Guest Performers, Results Show: The Illusionists, Taylor Williamson
Semi-final 2 (September 8)
Guest Performers, Results Show: Little Mix, and AcroArmy
Finals (September 15–16)
Guest Performers, Performance show: The Rockettes, Flo Rida
| | |
Oz Pearlman, Piff the Magic Dragon and Derek Hughes conducted a joint routine for their second performance, and thus shared the same guest performers.
Although they lost in the semi-finals, Freelusion were given a special invite to conduct a joint routine with Uzeyer Novruzov for his second performance.
Drew Lynch and Gary Vider conducted a joint routine for their second performance, and thus shared the same guest performers.
Ratings
The following ratings are based upon those published by Nielsen Media Research after this season's broadcast:
Specials
References
2015 American television seasons
America's Got Talent seasons
Ljiljana Mihajlović (; ; born 5 September 1965) is a Serbian politician. She served in the National Assembly of Serbia from 2016 to 2020 as a member of the far-right Serbian Radical Party (Srpska radikalna stranka, SRS).
Early life and private career
Mihajlović was born in Zagreb, in what was then the Socialist Republic of Croatia in the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. An economist, she left Croatia at the start of the Yugoslav Wars in 1991 and moved to Belgrade. She lives in Zemun, one of the city's constituent municipalities, and is married to Ognjen Mihajlović, who is also a prominent figure in the Radical Party.
Mihajlović joined the Radical Party in 1993. She was chief of staff for party leader Vojislav Šešelj from 1996 until 2002, when Šešelj went to The Hague to face war crimes charges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY). After his departure, she acted in the same capacity for deputy leader Tomislav Nikolić.
In 1997, Mihajlović was awarded the lease for a Zemun apartment that had previously belonged to an ethnic Croatian family. The family had resided in the apartment since 1966 and only discovered they had lost their lease after returning from a vacation. This occurred during Vojislav Šešelj's tenure as mayor of Zemun; Šešelj presented it to the public as a "victory over the Ustaše." Many understood it as a provocation, intended to stoke existing inter-communal tensions. Mihajlović's lease agreement has been the subject of a protracted legal battle.
Politician
Early years (2000–12)
Mihajlović ran for the Zemun municipal assembly in the 2000 Serbian local elections, appearing as the SRS's candidate in the municipality's fourth division. She was not elected. This was the last local election cycle in Serbia in which members were elections for single-member constituencies; all subsequent local elections have been held under proportional representation.
The 2000 local elections took place concurrently with the 2000 Yugoslavian presidential election, in which Slobodan Milošević was defeated by Vojislav Koštunica. This event prompted widespread changes in the political culture of Serbia and Yugoslavia; among other things, the Serbian government fell after Milošević's defeat and a new parliamentary election was called for December 2000. Mihajlovič received the 189th position on the Radical Party's electoral list. The list won twenty-two mandates, and she was not included in its assembly delegation. (From 2000 to 2011, Serbian parliamentary mandates were awarded to sponsoring parties or coalitions rather than to individual candidates, and it was common practice for the mandates to be assigned out of numerical order. Mihajlović could have been included in her party's delegation despite her low position on the list, though in the event she was not.)
She later appeared in the twenty-fifth position on the Radical Party's electoral list for the City Assembly of Belgrade in the 2004 Serbian local elections. The list won twenty-seven mandates, and, while she was not automatically elected under the election policy in place at the time, she was included in the SRS's assembly delegation. The Democratic Party (Demokratska stranka, DS) and its allies won the election, and Mihajlović served in opposition.
She was given the twenty-eighth position on the Radical Party's list in the 2008 parliamentary election and the fifth position on the party's list for Belgrade in the concurrent 2008 local elections. On this occasion, she was not given a mandate at either level.
The Radical Party experienced a serious split later in 2008, with several prominent members joining the breakaway Serbian Progressive Party (Srpska napredna stranka, SNS) under the leadership of Nikolić and Aleksandar Vučić. Mihajlović remained with the Radicals.
Since 2012
Serbia's electoral system was reformed in 2011, such that parliamentary mandates were awarded in numerical order to candidates on successful lists. Mihajlović received the ninth position on the Radical Party's list in the 2012 parliamentary election and was promoted to the third position in 2014. The party did not cross the electoral threshold on either occasion. She was again given the third position on the party's list for the 2016 election and was elected when the party won twenty-two mandates. The SNS and its allies won a majority of victory, and Mihajlović served in opposition for the next four years.
During her term in the national assembly, Mihajlović was a member of the assembly committee on the Serbian diaspora and Serbs in the region, a deputy member of the committee on human and minority rights and gender equality, and a member of the parliamentary friendship groups with Armenia, Belarus, China, and Venezuela.
She again appeared in the third position on the Radical Party's list in the 2020 parliamentary election and was promoted to the second position in the 2022 parliamentary election. On both occasions, the party failed to cross the electoral threshold.
In May 2022, Vojislav Šešelj received a summons to appear before the International Residual Mechanism for Criminal Tribunals (the successor body to the ICTY) to respond to charges concerning the publication of classified information and the names of protected witnesses. The summons also included the names of seven current and former Radical Party officials, including Mihajlović.
Electoral record
Local (Municipality of Zemun)
References
1965 births
Living people
People from Zemun
Politicians from Zagreb
Politicians from Belgrade
Serbian women in politics
Members of the National Assembly (Serbia)
Members of the City Assembly of Belgrade
Serbian Radical Party politicians
Serbs of Croatia
Jay Wright may refer to:
Jay Wright (basketball) (born 1961), basketball coach
Jay Wright (poet) (born 1935), winner of the 2005 Bollingen Prize
See also
James Wright (disambiguation)
Equitisation () is a Vietnamese English term that denotes the conversion of a state-owned enterprise in Vietnam into a public (joint stock) company or a corporation by dividing ownership into shares. Equitisation is undertaken to further integrate the Vietnamese economy into the global market and gain access to foreign capital, and therefore often coincides with partial privatization, with the state retaining major or controlling stakes in the equitized firms.
See also
Corporatization
Privatization
Nationalization
Socialist-oriented market economy
References
PhD thesis: Equitisation and Stock-Market Development : The Case of Vietnam of Truong Dong Loc, July 2006, pdf 1.7mb.
Overview of the Capital Markets in Vietnam and Directions for Development (World Bank Report May 2006) 1mb pdf, 82 pages
Economy of Vietnam
St Mary's Church, Maestir, is one of the Church in Wales churches belonging to the United Benefice of Lampeter. It stands two miles north-west of the university town of Lampeter on what was once the Falcondale Estate.
History
St Mary's Church was built in 1880 as an estate church for John Battersby Harford of Falcondale, ancestor of the Harford Baronets. The church also served as a chapel of ease for St Peter's Church, Lampeter. It contains a twelfth-century square-bowled font featuring carvings of the Four Evangelists that is originally from nearby Lampeter Church. It is one of a number of twelfth-century fonts - including those at Llanwenog and Llanfair Clydogau - that are distinctively Celtic Romanesque in style.
Description
St Mary's is a small church, consisting of a nave and round apse, north-east vestry, west bellcote, and south porch. It has been described as "minimally Romanesque." In the apse are three windows made by Charles Eamer Kempe, dating to 1906. They depict the Virgin and Child, Saint Luke, and Saint John, and were installed in memory of Blanche, the wife of John Charles Harford of Falcondale.
Services
Today, St Mary's is used only for a small number of special services throughout the year.
References
19th-century Church in Wales church buildings
Churches in Ceredigion
Churches completed in 1880
1880 establishments in Wales
Capitol Offense may refer to:
Capitol Offense (band), an American rock band featuring the politician Mike Huckabee
"Capitol Offense" (Murder, She Wrote), a 1985 television episode
"Capitol Offense" (NCIS), a 2008 television episode
"Capitol Offense!" (Teamo Supremo), a 2002 television episode
Capitol Offense, a 2009 Ben Kincaid novel by William Bernhardt
Capitol Offense, a 2012 novel by Cheryl Bolen
Capitol Offense, a 2007 Nik Kane Alaska Mystery novel by Mike Doogan
Capitol Offense, an annual 24 Hours of LeMons endurance racing event 2010–2012
See also
Capital punishment, punishment for a capital offense
Events in the year 1862 in Belgium.
Incumbents
Monarch: Leopold I
Head of government: Charles Rogier
Events
Chimay Brewery founded
Belgian Catholic Mission to China established
March
3 March – Leopold I of Belgium writes a letter to the dean of Windsor expressing a desire to be buried alongside his first wife, Princess Charlotte of Wales.
29 March – Two members of a criminal gang guillotined in Charleroi.
April
11 April – Belgian Navy abolished.
May
26 May – Provincial elections
July
23 July – Anglo-Belgian Treaty of Commerce and Navigation signed.
September
16 September – Victor Hugo's Brussels publisher, Albert Lacroix, holds a banquet to celebrate the success of Les Misérables
Architecture
Loppem Castle (designed by E. W. Pugin and Jean-Baptiste Bethune) completed
Publications
Periodicals and series
Almanach royal officiel (Brussels, H. Tarlier)
La Belgique Horticole, vol. 12.
Collection de précis historiques, vol. 11, edited by Edouard Terwecoren S.J.
L'Education de la Femme begins publication
Recueil des lois et arrêtés royaux de Belgique, vol. 49 (Brussels, Imprimerie du Moniteur Belge)
Revue belge et étrangère, vol. 13.
De Vlaemsche school: tijdschrift voor kunsten, letteren, wetenschappen, ouheidskunde en kunstnyverheid, vol. 8.
Monographs and reports
Robert Scott Burn, Notes of an Agricultural Tour in Belgium, Holland, & the Rhine (London, Longman, Green, Longman, Roberts & Green)
Louis Galesloot, Procès de François Anneessens, doyen du corps des métiers de Bruxelles, vol. 1 (Brussels and The Hague)
Literature and the arts
Maria Doolaeghe, Sinte Godelieve, Vlaemsche legende uit de XIde eeuw
Guido Gezelle, Gedichten, Gezangen en Gebeden
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables, published in Brussels, then in Paris and Leipzig by A. Lacroix, Verboeckhoven & Cie.
William Henry James Weale, Restauration des monuments publics en Belgique, second edition
Births
19 June – Paul Saintenoy, architect (died 1952)
29 August – Maurice Maeterlinck, author (died 1949)
10 December – Georges Hulin de Loo, art historian (died 1945)
Deaths
January
29 January – Louis-Joseph Seutin (born 1793), surgeon and senator
March
10 March – Pieter van Hanselaere (born 1786), painter
August
5 August – Felix de Muelenaere (born 1793), Catholic politician
December
8 December – Pierre-Théodore Verhaegen (born 1796), liberal politician
References
Belgium
Years of the 19th century in Belgium
1860s in Belgium
Belgium
"Just Might (Make Me Believe)" is a song recorded by American country music group Sugarland. It was released in September 2005 as the third single from their debut album Twice the Speed of Life. In addition, it was the only single of their career to be written solely by ex-member Kristen Hall, who left the group in early 2006.
Music video
A music video was released along with the song. It was shot completely in black and white, and features Jennifer Nettles roaming the countryside by herself, as well as all of the trio performing in a house. It was the last video to feature Kristen Hall before her departure.
Chart performance
Year-end charts
Personnel
As listed in liner notes.
Tom Bukovac – electric guitar
Brandon Bush – organ
Kristian Bush – mandolin, background vocals
Dan Dugmore – pedal steel guitar
Garth Fundis – background vocals
Kristen Hall – acoustic guitar, background vocals
Greg Morrow – drums
Jennifer Nettles – lead vocals, background vocals
Glenn Worf – bass guitar
References
2005 singles
Sugarland songs
Mercury Nashville singles
Songs written by Kristen Hall
Song recordings produced by Garth Fundis
Black-and-white music videos
2004 songs
Stenoglene bipunctatus is a moth of the family Eupterotidae. It can be found in the Republic of the Congo and in Malawi.
It has a wingspan of 54mm and the holotype provided from Bayengue.
Subspecies
Stenoglene bipunctatus bipunctatus Aurivillius, 1909 (Congo)
Stenoglene bipunctatus inversus (Gaede, 1927) (Malawi)
References
Moths described in 1909
Janinae
Insects of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Fauna of the Republic of the Congo
Insects of Malawi
Moths of Africa
Louis Joseph Robichaud (October 21, 1925 – January 6, 2005), popularly known as "Little Louis" or "P'tit-Louis", was the second (but first elected) Acadian premier of New Brunswick, serving from 1960 to 1970.
With the Equal Opportunity program, the language rights act of 1969 establishing New Brunswick as an officially bilingual province, and for his role in the creation of the Université de Moncton, Robichaud is credited with ushering in major social reform in New Brunswick.
Life and achievements
At the age of 14, Robichaud left home to enter the Juvénat Saint-Jean-Eudes in Bathurst to study for a career in the Church. After his third year at the school, he decided instead to pursue a political career. He attended the Collège du Sacré-Coeur (now part of the Université de Moncton) and graduated in 1947 with a Bachelor of Arts degree. He then went on to study economics and political science at Université Laval. He articled with a law firm in Bathurst for three years and, upon being admitted to the bar, practised law for a short period of time in Richibucto.
He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick in 1952 as the youngest ever Acadian member of the assembly to that date.
He became provincial Liberal leader in 1958 and led his party to victory in 1960, 1963 and 1967 before being defeated by Richard Hatfield's Conservatives in the 1970 election.
Robichaud was the first Acadian Premier of New Brunswick since Peter J. Veniot and the first to win an election. He modernized the province's hospitals and public schools and introduced a wide range of social reforms. The Liberals also passed the New Brunswick Official Languages Act (1969) making New Brunswick officially bilingual. "Language rights," he said when he introduced the legislation, "are more than legal rights. They are precious cultural rights, going deep into the revered past and touching the historic traditions of all our people."
Robichaud also restructured the municipal tax regime, ending the ability of business to play one municipality against another in order to extract the lowest tax rates. He introduced in 1963 the Municipal Capital Borrowing Act and Board, which is designed to act as a brake for spendthrift municipalities. He also expanded the government and sought to ensure that the quality of health care, education and social services was the same across the province—a programme he called Equal Opportunity, which is still a political buzz phrase in New Brunswick. "When I first realized that there was absolutely no equal opportunity, no equality, in New Brunswick," he recalled in the 1980s, "well, I had to come to the conclusion that something had to be done immediately."
A desk made for Robichaud by the Saint John Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company and given to him in 1966, which he used during his last years as premier and which was used by his successor Richard Hatfield was returned to the Premier's Office by Shawn Graham in 2006.
He was instrumental in the creation of the Université de Moncton in 1963, while in 1969, a high school was named in his honour in Shediac, New Brunswick.
In 1971, upon resigning from the legislature, he was made a Companion of the Order of Canada and Canadian chairman of the International Joint Commission, a post he held until being called to the Senate of Canada on December 21, 1973. He sat in the Senate until his mandatory retirement from the upper house on October 21, 2000 upon reaching his seventy-fifth birthday.
He was a resident of New Brunswick at the time of his death from cancer at the Stella-Maris-De-Kent Hospital in Sainte-Anne-de-Kent, near his birthplace of Saint-Antoine, New Brunswick. The cancer had been discovered only a few weeks before his death. He died on January 6, 2005.
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
Province of New Brunswick biography
CBC Digital Archives - The 'Other Revolution': Louis Robichaud's New Brunswick
1925 births
2005 deaths
Lawyers in New Brunswick
Canadian Queen's Counsel
Acadian people
Canadian senators from New Brunswick
Companions of the Order of Canada
Liberal Party of Canada senators
Members of the Queen's Privy Council for Canada
Premiers of New Brunswick
Members of the Order of New Brunswick
New Brunswick Liberal Association MLAs
Deaths from cancer in New Brunswick
New Brunswick Liberal Association leaders
People from Kent County, New Brunswick
Université Laval alumni
Pheidole dodo is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae. It is named after the dodo, an extinct bird of Mauritius
Habitat and distribution
Pheidole dodo is known from Mauritius only, where it was collected from the ground, inside rotten logs, under moss or from the leaf litter and in coastal scrub, closed vegetation, low closed forest, disturbed and undisturbed rainforest, in elevations between 1 and 760 m.
Description
The minors are most similar to those of P. braueri, differing from the latter by slightly smaller eyes and decumbent to subdecumbent versus mostly suberect scape pilosity in P. braueri. The majors look like an odd hybrid of those of P. braueri, P. jonas, and P. decepticon, with the head in full-face view somewhat resembling that of P. decepticon, the mesosoma in profile similar to P. jonas and the postpetiole shape closest to P. braueri. This combination, however, makes this species unique and easily identifiable on the islands of the Malagasy region.
References
dodo
Insects described in 2013
Insects of Mauritius
Hymenoptera of Africa
The National Theatre of Somalia is located in central Mogadishu, Somalia. It opened in 1967, and served as an important cultural landmark in the national capital. The institution closed down after the start of the civil war in the early 1990s, but was later intermittently renovated by the local authorities. In 2013, the Somali and Chinese governments signed an official cooperation agreement as part of a five-year national recovery plan in Somalia that will see the Chinese authorities reconstruct several major infrastructural landmarks in Mogadishu and elsewhere, including the National Theatre.
History
The building of the National Theatre of Somalia was built by Chinese engineers as a present from Mao Zedong in the 1960s. The building was finished and opened in 1967.
After Siad Barre came to power the National Theatre became an important institution within the socialist vision of a new Somalia. Siad Barre claimed that he wanted to overcome the clan-based society of Somalia. Therefore, people from all the different clans have worked in the National Theatre and have developed its unique aesthetic.
The National Theatre didn't have a single ensemble, but several bands were working and performing there. In the Somali theatre tradition music and theatrical representation are closely linked, therefore theatre companies are usually referred to as "bands". The most famous of these were the Waaberi which evolved from the combination of the band of Radio Mogadishu and General Daud band that belonged to the military forces and was named after Daud Abdulle Hirsi. Waaberi included such well known artists as Ali Feiruz, Abdullahi Qarshe, Magool, Maryam Mursal, Hassan Sheikh Mumin and Abdi Ali (Bacalwaan). Other bands that performed in the National Theatre or that were part of it are: Horseed (the band existed already before the independence under the name Ex-bana Estro), Halgan, Onkod, and Iftin. All the bands belonged to an institution of the state, for example, the Iftin band belonged to the Ministry of Education and was therefore also in charge of the musical education of school teachers.
When the civil war broke out in July 1991, the National Theatre was amongst the first buildings to be destroyed. In the first months of the war there was even a show in the destroyed building that was called "You Destroyed the Roof, So Don't Look Up". Later through the war the theatre did not work at all. The ruins subsequently served as a stock for weapons and as an unofficial public toilet.
In the fall of 2011 Jabril Ibrahim Abdulle, director of the Centre for Research and Dialogue Somalia started to gather former artists from the National Theatre in order to plan the reanimation of the theatre. After provisionally reconditioning the building a reopening ceremony was held on 19 March 2012. The ceremony was broadcast on national TV and about 1000 spectators came to see the ceremony that included a play that was written by former members of the different bands: Dardaarwin Walid (Parents' advice). Some weeks later on 4 April a suicide attack hit the celebration of the anniversary of the national TV that was held in the theatre building and killed 10 people. Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack. As of 2013 the renovations of the building are going on and Abdiduh Yusuf Hassan the current director of the theatre launched a program called Hirgeli Hamigaaga Faneed (Awaken your inner artist) that is basically a kind of Somali Idol – a talent show. Within these activities he supported a reopening celebration of the National Theatre of Somalia in Exile in Vienna in 2013. Abdiduh Yusuf Hassan hopes to revive the Somali performing arts through this program.
In September 2013, the Somali and Chinese foreign ministries signed an official cooperation agreement in Mogadishu as part of a five-year national recovery plan in Somalia. The pact will see the Chinese authorities reconstruct several major infrastructural landmarks in the Somali capital and elsewhere, including the National Theatre, a hospital, and the Mogadishu Stadium.
Aesthetic
The National Theatre of Somalia had a clear task within the socialist vision of a future Somalia in a future world. The artists took that mission very serious and developed a concise aesthet program independently from the official policies. While the actual policies of the Siad Barre regime contradicted its own aims more and more, the National Theatre of Somalia implemented an aesthetic of radical equality that is still incomparable.
This aesthetic was developed along principles that were derived from scientific socialism. They shall be summarised in the following.
In the socialist perspective everybody counts the same or nobody can be said to count anything.
Equality in rationality does not prevail. Thus it can not be the basis of our protest against a policy of discrimination between the ruling and the ruled, between us and those that do not belong to us. Political equality will not follow from any properties of people. Equality is not a matter of facts but something we must presuppose. Equality always means equality of potentiality.
The primary emancipation is the emancipation from our social being: from our clan affiliation, from our social status from everything that emerges from our different capabilities. It is the emancipation from our inequalities.
Any capability must result from a potentiality. Capabilities enable us to assume certain social roles, we acquire them by practice. Capabilities are oriented towards success. But potentiality has no measures and no ends. The function of potentiality is a play, something that is always beyond its own limits.
All humans are equal because they have the potentiality to change. They can change their seeing their feelings and their imagination.
Equality as potentiality is nothing that simply exists, but something that we experience in certain actions. These are aesthetic actions, actions of play and imagination, actions of doing something that we cannot do.
Political equality is a result of aesthetical practice.
In this way the National Theatre of Somalia conceptualised itself as a central force in the development of a new society. The work of the National Theatre has not been documented very extensively. This together with the effects of the civil war yields the unfortunate situation that it is not known in detail, how one of the most important theatrical aesthetics of the 20th century looked like. However some facts are clear. The combination of music and songs with dramatic dialogue and action was central to the theatrical form. Many plays were partly written in verses, while other parts were prose. The prose parts were typically open to improvisation. Actors would just get the basic outline of such scenes and would then improvise within this given frame.
The National Theatre succeeded in reaching an audience that was not limited by social conventions:
The audiences who frequent the theatre are not limited to any particular social group; the theatre attracts huge crowds of people, both men and women, and among them one can find members of the new educated elite just as easily as persons who have had no formal education. Plays are performed not only at the National Theatre in Mogadishu, but also in provincial centres, where the spectators include pastoralists and farmers from the surrounding areas.
Renovations
In September 2013, the Somali Federal Government and its Chinese counterpart signed an official cooperation agreement in Mogadishu as part of a five-year national recovery plan in Somalia. The pact will see the Chinese authorities reconstruct the National Theatre of Somalia in addition to several other major infrastructural landmarks.
See also
Ethiopian National Theatre
References
External links
Facebook page of the National Theatre of Somalia
Hirgeli Hamigaaga Faneed/Awaken your inner artist
Facebook page of CRD Somalia
Somalia
Cultural organisations based in Somalia
Buildings and structures in Mogadishu
1967 establishments in Somalia
Theatre in Somalia
Theatres completed in 1967
Kalin-e Sadat (, also Romanized as Kalīn-e Sādāt; also known as Kalīn-e Pā'īn and Qal‘eh-ye Sādāt) is a village in Karimabad Rural District, Sharifabad District, Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 546, in 125 families.
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
The Serbian Association for Practical Shooting, Serbian Savez za praktično streljaštvo Srbije (SPSS), is the Serbian association for practical shooting under the International Practical Shooting Confederation.
External links
Official homepage of SPSS
References
Regions of the International Practical Shooting Confederation
Practical Shooting
Ông Đạo Dừa ("The Coconut Monk"), born Nguyễn Thành Nam (1909–1990), was the founder of the Coconut Religion (Đạo Dừa) in Vietnam. He studied in Rouen, France from 1928, and began to gather a following in Mỹ Tho and Bến Tre during the late 1950s.
References
1909 births
1990 deaths
Founders of new religious movements
Religion in Vietnam
Vietnamese expatriates in France
Eloise Baza (January 5, 1953 – October 29, 2007) was the president of the Guam Chamber of Commerce from 1984 until 2007. She was the first woman and the first Chamorro to hold the presidency of the Chamber of Commerce. She was also the longest-serving president of the organization to date.
Early life
Baza was born on January 5, 1953 to her parents Jose Camacho Baza and Rosa Rivera Baza. Baza was a 1974 graduate of the College of Notre Dame, which is now known as the Notre Dame de Namur University, in Belmont, California. She was also a student at Boston College.
Guam Chamber of Commerce
Baza began working for the Guam Department of Commerce from 1976 to 1981 as chief of the Economic development Planning and Financing Division.
She left the department to work as an assistant for then-president of the Guam Chamber of Commerce, Jim McDonald, for three years. Baza became president of the Chamber in 1984 when McDonald stepped down. She was the first woman to head the organization. She remained president until her death in 2007.
Baza became active in the Guamanian community during her tenure. She was particularly interested in drug prevention programs. Among her many achievements was the creation of Guam's Juvenile and Adult Drug court Programs. She co-founded the program with Guam Judge Elizabeth Barrett-Anderson. Most recently, Baza was involved in Guam's Red Ribbon week in September 2007.
Baza was also considered an instrumental figure in the creation of the Guam Business Hall of Fame in 1992.
Death
Eloise Baza died on October 29, 2007, at Guam Memorial Hospital of cardiac arrest. She was 54 years old. Her funeral was held at St. Jude Catholic Church in Sinajana. She was buried at Our Lady of Peace Memorial Gardens in Yona, Guam.
Guam's Delegate to the United States House of Representatives Madeleine Bordallo issued a statement in response to Baza's death: "Eloise was a driving force behind the Chamber and her leadership gave the
Chamber an important voice in our community. She played a central role in
the Chamber's advocacy of sound economic policy, government reform and
community service."
References
External links
Guam Chamber of Commerce
Congresswoman Bordallo Mourns Chamber President Eloise Baza
Pacific Daily News: Baza laid to rest
Pacific News Center: Family, Friends, Business Leaders Say Final Goodbyes To Eloise Baza
1953 births
2007 deaths
Chamorro people
Guamanian businesspeople
Boston College alumni
Guamanian Roman Catholics
American women in business
Notre Dame de Namur University alumni
People from Hagåtña, Guam
20th-century American women
20th-century American people
21st-century American women
Ugar may refer to:
Ugar Khurd, town in the state of Karnataka, India
Ugar Budruk, village in the state of Karnataka, India
Ugar (river), Bosnia and Herzegovina
Ugar Island, census locality in the Torres Strait, Queensland, Australia
Stephen Island (Torres Strait) or Ugar, Queensland, Australia
"Sun Comes Up" is a song by English drum and bass band Rudimental, featuring British singer-songwriter James Arthur, released on 30 June 2017 through Asylum Records and East West Records as the lead single from the band's third studio album Toast to Our Differences (2018). It was written and produced by Kesi Dryden, Leon Rolle, Piers Aggett, Amir Amor and Cass Lowe.
"Sun Comes Up" peaked at number 6 in the UK Singles Chart, and charted moderately in several other countries.
Background
The band said in a statement that the song is about overcoming adversity. "We're so excited to announce our new single Sun Comes Up, a song we wrote about overcoming adversity. We spent a long time looking for the right singer for it, and were close to giving up until we met James Arthur, he sang it and we were blown away. We aren't afraid of taking new directions, and our new material has stepped up to another level. We've travelled the world far and wide and finally we feel like we've returned home on this album." "We wanted to work with him [James Arthur] from the first time we saw him on TV. We didn't care where he came from. We thought his voice was amazing, unique," Rudimental told London Evening Standard. Kesi Dryden of Rudimental said that the song is about "a relationship breakup and how there is a new day when the sun comes up". "But when James heard the song he said the message he got from it was there have been a lot of negative times in the past but when the sun comes up it is a new day, you have a new chance. There was a new lease of life he got from it."
Critical reception
Robin Murray of Clash magazine described the song as "fusing underground sounds with some of the freshest pop hooks in the land". "James Arthur voices new single 'Sun Goes Up', and it's summertime feel is much-needed following a few dark weeks for the capital." Philippine Daily Inquirer wrote: "'Sun Comes Up' is a touching glimpse into how they've grown, both as individuals and as a band, and the various struggles they have been through to overcome adversity to get where they are today." Katrina Rees of CelebMix wrote: "The track opens with a gentle melody before an infectious beat kicks in which complements James' vocals. The chorus is euphoric and tinged with steel drums which creates the perfect summer atmosphere. We can already imagine that this song will be electric live and we can't wait to bop along to it at future festivals."
Track listing
Digital download
"Sun Comes Up" (featuring James Arthur) – 3:52
Digital download
"Sun Comes Up" (Steel Banglez Remix) (featuring James Arthur and MIST) – 3:51
Digital download
"Sun Comes Up" (Acoustic) (featuring James Arthur) – 4:15
Digital download
"Sun Comes Up" (Heyder Remix) (featuring James Arthur) – 4:10
Digital download
"Sun Comes Up" (Tritonal Remix) (featuring James Arthur) – 4:13
Digital download – Remixes, Pt. 1
"Sun Comes Up" (Offaiah Remix) (featuring James Arthur) – 3:13
"Sun Comes Up" (Ofenbach Remix) (featuring James Arthur) – 3:10
"Sun Comes Up" (Coldabank Remix) (featuring James Arthur) – 4:16
"Sun Comes Up" (Leon Lour Remix) (featuring James Arthur) – 3:56
Digital download – Remixes, Pt. 2
"Sun Comes Up" (Steel Banglez Remix) (featuring James Arthur and MIST) – 3:51
"Sun Comes Up" (Murdock Remix) (featuring James Arthur) – 3:51
"Sun Comes Up" (Distinkt Remix) (featuring James Arthur) – 3:29
"Sun Comes Up" (House of Mizchif Remix) (featuring James Arthur) – 6:43
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Piers Aggett – composing, producing, background vocals, piano, synthesizer
Amir Amor – composing, producing, background vocals, drum programming, guitar
Cass Lowe – composing, producing, background vocals
Kesi Dryden – composing, producing, background vocals, bass, strings
Leon "Locksmith" Rolle – composing, producing, keyboard, background vocals, percussion
Stuart Hawkes – mastering engineering
Dave Emery – mixing
Michael Freeman – mixing
Spike Stent – mixing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2017 singles
2017 songs
James Arthur songs
Rudimental songs
Song recordings produced by Rudimental
Songs written by Amir Amor
Songs written by Cass Lowe
Asylum Records singles
East West Records singles
The Women's 4 × 200 metre freestyle relay competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships wiwas ll be held on 19 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held at 11:32.
Final
The final was held at 19:45.
References
Women's 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay
2016 in women's swimming
Back to Now is the seventh and latest studio album by American female vocal group Labelle, released on October 21, 2008. The album is the group's first in over thirty years though they had sung on songs together on occasion.
Labelle member Nona Hendryx explained the album's title to noted R&B writer Pete Lewis of Blues & Soul: "It basically stemmed from two of the songs on this album being songs I'd specifically written for what would have been the next Labelle album back in 1977. So the title 'Back To Now" is really signifying that this record represents us really getting back to where we were. It's basically a continuation from where we stopped off."
The first single is "Roll Out", which features and is produced by Wyclef Jean which had the three Labelle members Patti LaBelle, Nona Hendryx and Sarah Dash singing in autotune.
The album is also notable for the modest R&B charted ballad, "Superlover". Except for "The Truth Will Set You Free", originally recorded by Mother's Finest, in which Hendryx sings the lead over Lenny Kravitz's guitar and LaBelle's ad-libs in soprano and "System", which LaBelle, Hendryx and Dash each take a prominent lead vocal, the album is led as always by LaBelle, who gives a powerful vocal in the socially conscious "Tears for the World", a Hendryx composition.
The album is also notable for their tribute to civil rights activist Rosa Parks with "Dear Rosa" and also includes their 1971 rendition of the Cole Porter standard, "Miss Otis Regrets", which was originally recorded for sessions of their Warner debut, Labelle, but was cut from the album's final selection of tracks.
An iTunes edition of the album features the group's cover of Sylvester's disco hit, "You Make Me Feel (Mighty Real)".
Track listing
"Candlelight" (Nona Hendryx) 4:41
"Roll Out" (featuring Wyclef Jean) (Hendryx, Wyclef Jean, Jerry Duplessis, Patti LaBelle, Sarah Dash) 3:51
"Superlover" (Hendryx, LaBelle, Dash) 4:14
"System" (Hendryx) 5:32
"The Truth Will Set You Free" (Barry Borden, Michael Keck, Gary Moore, Joyce Kennedy, Jerry Seay, Glenn Murdock) 4:58
"Without You in My Life" (Hendryx, Dash, LaBelle, Kenneth Gamble) 5:29
"Tears for the World" (Gamble, LaBelle, Leon A. Huff) 4:33
"Dear Rosa" (Hendryx, Roni Morgan, Michael Waters) 6:47
"How Long" (Hendryx, LaBelle, Dash) 4:33
"Miss Otis Regrets" (Cole Porter) 4:39
"You Make Me Feel (Mighty Real)" (James Wirrick, Sylvester) (4:31) (iTunes Bonus Track)
Charts
Back to Now debuted at number 45 on Billboard'''s album chart in the issue dated November 8, 2008. It also charted on R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, debuting at number 9. Back to Now'' is Labelle's seventh overall, and third highest-ranked album to chart in the United States.
References
External links
Back to Now on Verve Records
Labelle Official
2008 albums
Labelle albums
Albums produced by Kenneth Gamble
Albums produced by Leon Huff
The following is a list of Brazilian films released in 2017.
January – March
April – June
See also
2017 in Brazil
References
External links
tv_series&year=2017,2017 Feature Films Released In 2017 With Country of Origin Brazil at IMDb
2017
Brazil
RAF Pocklington was an operational flying station of the Royal Air Force during the Second World War, forming part of Bomber Command, and operating primarily Wellington and Halifax bombers. The station, adjacent to the town of Pocklington at , opened in 1941, and was closed in 1946. After a return to agricultural use, the station now forms an industrial estate and a restricted use airfield for a gliding club.
History
Work started on RAF Pocklington in August 1940, with the design for grass runways, along with hangars, technical buildings and administration blocks. This was changed during construction to include three concrete runways. Late into the building of the three runways, it was realised that the runway 3 (07-25 at 1,300 yards) posed a threat to the nearby village of Barmby Moor, and so was abandoned in favour of a fourth runway (13–31 at 1,600 yards).
Three hangars were originally constructed, and these were supplemented by two additional hangars constructed on the other side of the main A1079 road.
The station at RAF Elvington was originally built as a sub station of Pocklington, and along with RAF Melbourne became known as 42 base, within the 4 groups of Bomber Command. Despite being the smaller station, RAF Elvington was operational long after the closure of Pocklington.
Occupying squadrons
The first occupants of the site in 1941 were the Royal Canadian Air Force unit of 405 squadrons, operating Wellington bombers for 84 raids in eleven months, during which 20 aircraft failed to return.
In April 1942, the squadron changed to Halifax bombers, flying a further 20 raids before exchanging bases with the Royal Air Force 102 squadron from RAF Topcliffe, and were the last unit to occupy the station until its closure (although a personnel holding unit was briefly based at the base in 1946). The station finally closed in September 1942.
The station transferred to Transport Command the day before the end of the war, operating B-24 Liberator aircraft before their transfer to RAF Bassingbourn.
Subsequent use
Following the closure of the station, it was mostly returned to agricultural use, with the hangars used as grain stores, but subsequently the technical area became an industrial estate, and a large number of buildings still stand.
The original runways are still in use by the Wolds gliding club, who secured the lease to the airfield in 1971, and purchased it outright from the landowner in 1983. Former members of 102 squadrons still hold reunion events at the gliding club.
References
Royal Air Force stations in Yorkshire
Royal Air Force stations of World War II in the United Kingdom
Transport in the East Riding of Yorkshire
Pocklington
Micheál Donoghue (born 7 September 1974) is an Irish hurling manager and former player. He has been manager of the Dublin senior hurling team since August 2022.
Donoghue was previously manager of the Galway senior hurling team from the end of 2015 until the summer of 2019.
Donoghue began his hurling career at club level with Clarinbridge. After breaking onto the club's top adult team he enjoyed his greatest success almost a decade later when he captained the club to the 2001 Galway Senior Championship.
At inter-county level, Donoghue, along with his twin brother Liam, was part of the successful Galway minor team that won the All-Ireland Championship in 1992 before later winning an All-Ireland Championship with the under-21 team in 1993. He also joined the Galway senior team in 1993. Donoghue's senior career was hampered by injuries, however, he made a number of National League and Championship appearances in a career that ended with his last game in 1996. His final season with the team saw him claim National League and Connacht Championship medals.
After retiring as a player, Donoghue served as a selector with the Galway under-21 team, with whom he won All-Ireland Championships in 2005 and 2007. He subsequently turned to management with his home club Clarinbridge and steered the team to the All-Ireland Club Championship in 2011. An unsuccessful spell as Turloughmore manager was followed by a two-year tenure as statistician with the Tipperary senior hurling team. Donoghue was appointed manager of the Galway senior team in December 2015. In his second season in charge he guided the team to a clean sweep of All-Ireland, Leinster Championship and National League titles.
Playing career
Clarinbridge
Donoghue joined the Clarinbridge club at a young age and played in all grades at juvenile and underage levels. On 14 November 1992, he scored a point from left wing-back when Clarinbridge drew 1-08 to 2-05 with Castlegar in the Galway Minor Championship final. Donoghue lined out in the same position for the replay a week later and collected a winners' medal following a 1-09 to 1-05 victory.
Donoghue subsequently progressed onto the Clarinbridge under-21 and senior teams. On 30 November 1997, he was named at centre-back when Clarinbridge lost out to Sarsfields by 1-11 to 1-06 in the final of the Galway Senior Championship.
On 21 October 2001, Donoghue captained the club from centre-back to their very first Galway Senior Championship title following an 0-18 to 2-11 defeat of Athenry. Donoghue won a Connacht Club Championship medal on 18 November following a 2-18 to 1-06 defeat of Four Roads in the final. On 17 March 2002, he captained Clarinbridge to a 2-10 to 1-05 All-Ireland final defeat by Birr.
A series of injuries brought Donoghue's club career to an end at the age of 28.
Galway
Minor and under-21
Donoghue was drafted onto the Galway minor team in advance of the 1991 All-Ireland Championship. He made his first appearance on 9 August when he lined out at left corner-back in a 1-16 apiece draw with Kilkenny in the All-Ireland semi-final. Donoghue was switched to left wing-back for the All-Ireland final against Waterford on 8 September. He ended the game with a winners' medal following a 1-13 to 2-04 victory.
After joining the Galway under-21 team, Donoghue made his first appearance on 21 August 1993. He lined out at left wing-back in a 1-09 to 1-07 defeat of Cork in the All-Ireland semi-final. Donoghue retained his position on the starting fifteen for the All-Ireland final against Kilkenny on 3 October. He collected a winners' medal following the 2-09 to 3-03 victory.
On 11 September 1994, Donoghue lined out in a second successive All-Ireland final. He was selected at left wing-back for the 3-10 to 1-11 defeat by Kilkenny.
Senior
Donoghue was added to the Galway senior panel prior to the start of the 1993-94 National League. He made his first appearance on 31 October 1994 when he lined out at left wing-back in a 2-15 to 2-09 defeat of Down. On 7 May 1994, Donoghue was named amongst the substitutes when Galway faced Tipperary in the National League final. He was introduced for Tom Helebert in the 2-14 to 0-12 defeat. Donoghue made his first championship appearance in a 2-21 to 2-06 defeat of Roscommon in the All-Ireland quarter-final on 17 July.
Donoghue suffered a series of injuries which hindered his inter-county career. A broken collarbone was followed by surgery to address a bulging disc in his lower.
On 12 May 1996, Donoghue lined out at left wing-back when Galway qualified for the National League final. He ended the game with a winners' medal following the 2-10 to 2-08 defeat of Tipperary. Donoghue won a Connacht Championship medal on 6 July after Galway's 3-19 to 2-10 defeat of Roscommon in the final. Further injuries and surgeries brought his inter-county career to an end shortly after.
Managerial career
Clarinbridge
After being appointed manager of the Clarinbridge senior hurling team in 2009, Donoghue immediately brought success to the club. Under his guidance, the team qualified for the Galway Senior Championship final on 31 October 2010, however, the game ended in a 2-11 to 1-14 draw with Loughrea. Clarinbridge defeated Loughrea by 0-18 to 0-15 in the replay on 21 November. Donoghue subsequently guided Clarinbridge to the All-Ireland Club Championship title on 17 March 2011 following a 2-18 to 0-12 defeat of O'Loughlin Gaels.
Turloughmore
Donoghue took charge of the Turloughmore senior hurling team in 2012. In his first season in charge he guided the team to a semi-final appearance in the Galway Senior Championship, however, his side suffered a 1-12 to 0-07 defeat by Loughrea.
Donoghue's second season as Turloughmore manager ended with a quarter-final defeat by Beagh.
Tipperary
Donoghue was drafted in by Eamon O'Shea to help out with a variety of coaching and statistics roles with the Tipperary senior hurling team in 2014. In his second and final season with the team Tipperary suffered a 0-26 to 3-16 defeat by Galway in the All-Ireland semi-final. Donoghue later said: "It was hard, very hard but like any job when you are asked to do something you just focus on the job that you are given. I suppose if you were going to get beaten then Galway were going to be the team you wanted to succeed and push on."
Galway
Under-21
Donoghue became a selector to the Galway under-21 team in 2005 under manager Vincent Mullins. As part of the management team he helps guide the team to the All-Ireland title following a 1-15 to 1-14 defeat of Kilkenny on 18 September 2005.
Galway surrendered their All-Ireland title at the first hurdle in 2006, however, Donoghue was retained as a selector for a third season the following year. On 8 September 2007, Galway won a second All-Ireland title in three years following a 5-11 to 0-12 defeat of Dublin in the final.
Donoghue's tenure as a selector ended on 24 August 2008 following a 2-14 to 1-13 defeat by Kilkenny in the All-Ireland semi-final.
Senior
In December 2015 Donoghue succeeded Anthony Cunningham as Galway manager starting in the 2016 Season.
On 3 April 2016, Galway lost to Cork in a Division 1A Relegation Play-Off by 2-22 to 0-25 and were relegated to Division 1B for 2017. On 3 July 2016, Galway lost the Leinster Final to Kilkenny on a 0-22 to 1-26 scoreline after having a three-point lead at half-time.
On 22 April 2017, Galway won the 2017 National Hurling League after a 3-21 to 0-14 win against Tipperary in the final.
On 2 July 2017, Galway won their second ever Leinster Senior Hurling title after a 0-29 to 1-17 win against Wexford in the final.
On 6 August 2017, Galway qualified for the 2017 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship Final after a one-point victory over Tipperary in the semi-final. On 3 September 2017, Donoghue and his Galway team were crowned All Ireland Champions after defeating Waterford on a 0-26 to 2-17 scoreline in the final. This was Galway's first All Ireland senior hurling title since 1988.
In November 2018, Donoghue was ratified for a further two years as Galway manager.
In August 2019, Donoghue stepped down as Galway manager.
Dublin
In an unexpected announcement issued on the morning of 22 August 2022, Donoghue was appointed on a three-year term as Dublin senior hurling team manager.
Honours
Player
Clarinbridge
Galway Senior Hurling Championship (1): 2001
Galway Minor Hurling Championship (1): 1992
Galway
Connacht Senior Hurling Championship (1): 1996
National Hurling League (1): 1995-96
All-Ireland Under-21 Hurling Championship (1): 1993
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship (1): 1992
Connacht
Railway Cup (1): 1994
Manager
Clarinbridge
All-Ireland Senior Club Hurling Championship (1): 2011
Galway Senior Hurling Championship (1): 2010
Galway
All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship (1): 2017
Leinster Senior Hurling Championship (2): 2017,2018
National Hurling League (1): 2017
All-Ireland Under-21 Hurling Championship (2): 2005, 2007
Connacht
Railway Cup (1): 2004
Individual
Philips Sports Manager of the Year: 2017
References
1974 births
Living people
All-Ireland Senior Club Hurling Championship winning managers
Clarinbridge hurlers
Connacht inter-provincial hurlers
Galway inter-county hurlers
Hurling managers
Hurling selectors
Tipperary county hurling team
Edward Joseph Cronin (February 25, 1912 – November 24, 1958) was a Massachusetts lawyer and politician who served as Secretary of the Commonwealth from 1949 to 1958.
References
1912 births
1958 deaths
Northeastern University School of Law alumni
Politicians from Chelsea, Massachusetts
Secretaries of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Lawyers from Chelsea, Massachusetts
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American lawyers
Gilles Bimazubute (1934 – 21 October 1993) was a Burundian politician.
Early life
Gilles Bimazubute was born in 1934 in the Ijenda region, Ruanda-Urundi. He was a member of the Abasapfu clan of the Tutsi ethnic group. He attended the Official University of the Congo and Ruanda-Urundi in Élisabethville from 1958 until his expulsion in 1961. In 1959 he and Prime Nyongabo founded the Union Culturelle de la Jeunesse Africaine du Burundi (UCJAB), a youth nationalist organisation. In 1961 UCJAB was renamed Jeunesse Nationaliste Rwagasore (JNR). The following year he was arrested for a short time. He was married to the niece of politician André Muhirwa.
Career
In 1962 Bimazubute was appointed director of Radio Burundi. He resigned to take up a position at Hatton & Cookson, a British trading firm with offices in Bujumbura. In 1963 he was appointed chef de cabinet in the Burundian Ministry of Foreign Affairs. From that September he served as acting Minister of Foreign Affairs for three months. In late 1964 he earned a scholarship to study in France. He subsequently studied law at the University of Paris from 1964 to 1966, but did not complete his studies. While there, he wrote for the Belgian left-wing monthly publication, Remarques Africaines. In 1965 and 1966 he penned several articles criticising the Burundian monarchy and calling for the institution of a republican political system.
In 1966 ex-army officer Michel Micombero launched a coup in Burundi, deposing the monarchy and becoming President of Burundi. In December his government invited Bimazubute back to the country and appointed him head of the new government radio station, La Voix de la Révolution (The Voice of the Revolution). He also became Director General of the Ministry of Information and on 17 January 1967 was made secretary general to the presidency. Not personally close to Micombero, he and Albert Shibura pushed the regime's policies leftward and advanced an anti-clerical view. Bimazubute attempted to arrange a diplomatic rapprochement between Burundi and China, but Micombero vetoed this proposal. He subsequently helped Minister of Foreign Affairs Prime Niyongabo arrange for a North Korean delegation to visit Burundi over the president's opposition on 5 March. Angered by what he saw as leftist subversion, on 13 March Micombero purged his cabinet, and Bimazubute was demoted to Director General of the Ministry of Information.
Late in the night on 5 May at a bar in Bujumbura a large fight broke out among members of the Jeunesses Révolutionnaires Rwagasore, with one side showing fidelity to Micombero and the other holding more ideological left leanings. As a result, Micombero decided to arrest left-leaning politicians; Bimazubute was detained on 9 May. He was released in November and again appointed Director General of the Ministry of Information. In May 1968 he was given the additional posting of Director General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. That year he was also made Minister of Interior, and in August he was given the portfolio of the civil service and made Secretary General of the Union pour le Progrès National (UPRONA). Bimazubute's wide responsibilities provoked internal ire, as his detractors argued he held too many posts and did not perform well enough in any of them. Micombero also continued to distrust his ideological politics, and in August 1969 Bimazubute was dismissed from all of his offices.
In September 1969 Bimazubute was placed on the Bujumbura Conseil du Sages. On 20 December he was made Director General of the Ministry of Education. In January 1971 he became chef de cabinet in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. In May he was appointed Ambassador to Zaire. While there he cultivated good relations with President Mobutu Sese Seko and was impressed with his policy of Authenticité, which promoted indigenous language and culture. On 14 July 1972 Bimazubute was recalled to Burundi and made Minister of Education. Inspired by Authenticité, he adopted several reforms in the Burundian education system, including the institution of Kirundi as the language of instruction in primary schools. He also ordered the consolidation of schools following the Ikiza, an event in which the army massacred thousands of educated Hutus, driving many students and teachers out of the country. His good relations with Mobutu led him to be appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation in 1974, reportedly at Mobutu's urging. He was dismissed in late 1975.
In his later life Bimazubute served as an executive member of the Burundi Bible Society. In the early 1990s Burundi underwent a democratic transition and returned to multi-party politics. In February 1991 Bimazubute became one of the twelve founding members of the Iteka League, a human rights association. He also joined the Front pour la Démocratie au Burundi (FRODEBU). Following the June 1993 legislative elections, he became Vice-President of the National Assembly.
Death
During the 1993 Burundian coup d'état attempt launched by Tutsi army officers early in the morning on 21 October, Bimazubute was collected by soldiers from his residence. Though a Tutsi, he was a proponent of majority rule and was thus regarded as a traitor by the putschists. Bimazubute insisted on dressing in a full suit and tie before the soldiers took him away. The putschists soon thereafter killed him and buried him and the other victims of their coup attempt in a mass grave in the centre of Camp Muha. After several hours the soldiers realised that international opinion would strongly disapprove of such treatment of the bodies, so they exhumed them and allowed family members to collect them. He was the only Tutsi killed during the coup attempt. He and the other coup victims were reburied on 6 December in Bujumbura. The deaths of President Melchior Ndadaye, President of the National Assembly Pontien Karibwami, and Bimazubute eliminated the constitutionally-delineated presidential line of succession. Christian Sendegaya succeeded Bimazubute as Vice-President of the National Assembly on 23 December.
References
Works cited
1934 births
1993 deaths
Foreign ministers of Burundi
Education ministers of Burundi
Interior ministers of Burundi
People murdered in Burundi
Assassinated Burundian politicians
Tutsi people
1993 murders in Africa
Union for National Progress politicians
Front for Democracy in Burundi politicians
Members of the National Assembly (Burundi)
Jody David Armour is the Roy P. Crocker Professor of Law at the University of Southern California, where he specializes in race issues in legal decision-making.
Professor Armour came to study of law after his father was set up and imprisoned when he was just 8 years old.
He was interviewed in a January 20, 2021 article in the USC-Gould journal. https://gould.usc.edu/about/news/?id=4799
Life
Armour graduated from Harvard University and the UC Berkeley School of Law.
He also teaches torts, criminal law, and criminal procedure.
Selected publications
Negrophobia and Reasonable Racism: The Hidden Costs of Being Black in America, New York University Press, 1997. ,
References
4. Man of the Moment, USC-Gould Law school journal https://gould.usc.edu/about/news/?id=4799
African-American academics
African-American legal scholars
American legal scholars
USC Gould School of Law faculty
UC Berkeley School of Law alumni
Harvard University alumni
21st-century African-American people
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Chorregon was a rural locality in the Longreach Region, Queensland, Australia. It is now part of the locality of Longreach.
History
In the , Chorregon had a population of 57 people.
In January 2019, it was decided to reduce the number of localities within Longreach Region by amalgamating the localities to the north and west of the town of Longreach into the locality of Longreach. The localities amalgamated were: Camoola, Chorregon, Ernestina, Maneroo, Morella, Tocal, and Vergemont. As a consequence of this amalgamation, the Longreach Region has only three localities: Longreach, Ilframcombe and Isisford.
References
External links
Map showing Chorregon before the January 2019 amalgamation (archived on 28 July 2019)
Longreach Region
Unbounded localities in Queensland
Ole Jacob Hansen (16 April 1940 in Oslo, Norway – 6 March 2000) was a Norwegian jazz musician (drums), known from a number of recordings and international cooperation.
Career
Hansen established himself on the Oslo jazz scene first in Tore Sandnæs Big Band (1958), Mikkel Flagstad Quintet (1959), Bjørn Jacobsen Septet (1958–60), Arild Wikstrøm Quartet (1961) and within Kjell Karlsen's various ensembles including at Moldejazz (1962), Bjørn Johansen Quartet (1962). He was subsequently within Bernt Rosengren Orchestra in Stockholm (1963–64), with Idrees Sulieman (1964), and in Paris with Eric Dolphy and Donald Byrd.
At the Metropol Jazz Club he played with a number of the world's leading jazz musicians. During the 1970s, he contributed to several recordings with Ditlef Eckhoff, Paul Weeden and Terje Bjørklund, as well as within Adonis (74–75) with several gigs at Club 7. He established the club Jazz Alive (1980) in Oslo, and in the 1980s and 1990s he played with Thorgeir Stubø, Lee Konitz, Doug Raney, Laila Dalseth, Jan Erik Vold, Harald Gundhus, Knut Riisnæs, Totti Bergh, and Einar Iversen.
Hansen was a colorful and highly engaged drummer, and a central figure in Norwegian jazz from 1960 until his death.
Honors
Reenskaugprisen 1982
Buddyprisen 1997
Gammleng-prisen 1996 in the class Jazz
Discography
1974: Attakullaculla (RCA International), with Paul Weeden
1976: La Dette Bli Min Sang (EMI Norge), with Stein Ove Berg
1978: Club 7's Jubileumsplater (Plateselskapet Mai), with various artists
1982: I'll Close My Eyes with Doug Raney
1983: Meeting the Tenors with Doug Raney
1983: The Improviser with Chet Baker
1984: Daydreams (Hot Club Records), with Laila Dalseth Quintet feat. Louis Stewart
1984: Everything We Love (Hot Club Records), with Doug Raney & Thorgeir Stubø
1984: Lazy Bird with Doug Raney
1988: The End of a Tune (Cadence Jazz Records), with Thorgeir Stubø
1988: Mood Indigo (Gemini Records), with Bjarne Nerem, Kenny Davern & Flip Phillips
1991: Constellations (Odin Records), with Bjørn Alterhaug
1997: Impressions of Antibes (Gemini Records), with Ditlef Eckhoff
2003: Friends (Gemini Records), within Kapstad-Johansen Quartet
2004: Live at Molde Jazzfestival 1976 (Jazzaway Records, NRK), with Carl Magnus Neumann & Christian Reim Quartet
2004: Jargong Vålereng''' (Ponca Jazz Records), with Rolf Søder & Egil Kapstad Og Hans Musikanter
2005: Til Jorden (Pan Records), with Rolf Jacobsen & Egil Kapstad
2007: NRK Sessions: Soul, Afro-Jazz And Latin From The Club 7 Scene (Plastic Strip, NRK), with various artists
2008: Live at Kongsberg And Other Unreleased Works (Plastic Strip), with Carl Magnus Neumann
2008: Unreleased Works 1969–1979'' (Plastic Strip), with Christian Reim
References
External links
Ole Jacob Hansen Biography on Norsk Musikkinformasjon
1940 births
2000 deaths
Musicians from Oslo
20th-century Norwegian drummers
21st-century Norwegian drummers
Norwegian jazz drummers
Male drummers
20th-century drummers
20th-century Norwegian male musicians
21st-century Norwegian male musicians
Male jazz musicians
Vasant Dhoble was a member of Mumbai Police and served for 39 years who retired as Assistant Commissioner of Police in Mumbai. He was head of Mumbai Police's Social Service branch, and has been in the news of late due to his frequent raids on the city's bars and pubs.
He became a controversial personality for his style of functioning as the ACP of the Social Services Branch. He is criticised by some acting as an extra-constitutional authority or acting as the "Moral Police".
He was transferred from the Social Services Branch to the Vakola Division in September 2012. He was recently transferred again when a hawker died due to a heart attack, during a drive against illegal hawkers.
References
Living people
Police officers from Mumbai
Year of birth missing (living people)
My Kingdom may refer to:
My Kingdom (song), a single by Future Sound of London
My Kingdom (film), a 2001 British crime film
My Kingdom (Scrubs), an episode of Scrubs
My Kingdom (Webtoon)
Julian Orville Newhouse (July 5, 1915 – February 4, 2006) was an American businessman and politician.
Newhouse was born in Brandon, Douglas County, Minnesota. He moved to Alexandria, Minnesota with his family and graduated from Alexandria High School in 1934. He was involved with his family's business: Newhouse Implement. Newhouse served in the Minnesota National Guard during World War II and the Korean War and was commissioned a lieutenant colonel. He served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1957 to 1962. He died at the Minnesota Veterans' House in Fergus Falls, Minnesota with the funeral and burial in Alexandria, Minnesota.
References
1915 births
2006 deaths
People from Alexandria, Minnesota
Minnesota National Guard personnel
Businesspeople from Minnesota
Members of the Minnesota House of Representatives
Three-Piece No. 3: Vertebrae (Working Model) is a bronze sculpture by Henry Moore. It was cast in 1968 as in edition of 8, along with an artist's copy which is now part of the Tate collection.
Description
It is in the Nasher Sculpture Center.
The sculpture refers to bones, which Moore collected.
See also
List of public art in Washington, D.C., Ward 2
References
External links
Waymarking
Working Model for Three Piece No. 3: Vertebrae
Sculptures by Henry Moore
1968 sculptures
Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden
Sculptures of the Smithsonian Institution
Abstract sculptures in Washington, D.C.
Bronze sculptures in Washington, D.C.
Outdoor sculptures in Washington, D.C.
The Chinese New Citizens' Movement () is a collection of numerous civil rights activists in mainland China since 2010. It is promoted by the loosely organized civil rights group "Citizens" (successor to the Open Constitution Initiative ()) with the New Citizens' Spirit: "Free, Righteous, Loving". It is a major component of the civil society movement in mainland China since the beginning of the 21st century. The New Citizen's Movement has close ties to the weiquan movement (rights defending movement), but it has clearer and higher-level charter and pursuits. It is a political movement, which hopes to facilitate a peaceful transition of the country towards constitutionalism. It is also a social movement, hoping to facilitate a transition from a "servants' society" to a civil society.
The name "New Citizens' Movement" was proposed by Xu Zhiyong, a prominent legal scholar and civil rights lawyer, in his article "China's New Citizens' Movement" in May 2012.Chinese authorities have always tried to monitor and suppress the New Citizens' Movement. Xu Zhiyong, founder of the movement, was arrested on July 16, 2013. Another prominent businessman and financial supporter of the movement, Wang Gongquan, was arrested on Sep 13, 2013.
New Citizens' spirit and logo
New Citizens' Spirit
The New Citizens' Spirit was first established by Xu Zhiyong in his article "New Citizens' Spirit - Free, Righteous, Loving".
New Citizens' logo
The New Citizens' logo is the word "公民" (citizen) handwritten by Sun Yat-sen. The characters are in white on a blue background. It is the common symbol of Chinese citizens' pursuit of freedom, democracy, rule of law and constitutionalism. It is often used in combination with the five Chinese characters denoting the New Citizens' Spirit.
Activism of the New Citizens' movement
Citizens' pledge
In June 2010, a group of scholars, lawyers, journalists and activists, including Xu Zhiyong, Teng Biao, Wang Gongquan, Li Xiongbin, Li Fangping, Xu Youyu and Zhang Shihe (Laohumiao), initiated an open letter "The Citizens' Pledge", calling for the awakening and improvement of Chinese citizens' civil rights awareness. This event is usually regarded as the start of the New Citizens' Movement (even though it was prior to the coinage of the term).
Equal rights for education
"Equal Rights for Education" is armed to reduce and eliminate the huge unfairness of the distribution of education resources in mainland China. One specific campaign is to abolish the hukou restriction in gaokao (college admission exam) for migrants' children in large cities. The campaign started with just four student-parent volunteers in 2010, and grew to more than 100,000 in 2012. Under the pressure, the Ministry of Education revised the gaokao policy for migrants' student children in August 2012. Subsequently, all provinces and cities except Beijing and Shanghai, removed or promised to remove the hukou constraint. This campaign was initiated by Wang Gongquan.
Wealth disclosure (of government officials)
"Wealth Disclosure" calls for the disclosure of the wealth of government officials in mainland China. There have been public demonstrations in many cities. The notable ones include a demonstration by Yuan Dong, Zhang Baocheng, Ma Xinli and Hou Xin in Beijing's Xidan Square on Mar 31, 2013, and a demonstration by Liu Ping, Wei Zhongping, Li Sihua etc. in Xinyu, Jiangxi on Apr 23, 2013.
Same-city dinner gathering
"Same-City Dining" is the regular dinner gathering held on the last Saturday each month. In mainland China, netizens' dinner gathering has been around for many years. Around the end of 2011, after deliberations, it was proposed to set a fixed date (last Saturday of the month) so as to strengthen the coalitions of citizens. The dinner gatherings are self-organized, generally covering social issues, but the topic and format are not fixed. At 2013, the dinner gatherings take place in more than 30 cities, including overseas Chinese. Even though dinner gatherings are low-key and not illegal, they are still under pressure in several cities like Beijing, Shanghai, Zhengzhou, Nanning and Changsha. The participants may be questioned, and sensitive persons are sometimes threatened or detained.
Citizen Lookout
"Citizen Lookout" is a project to provide support for the basic needs of families of prisoners of conscience. The reference level is RMB 50,000 per year. This project was proposed by Li Huaping. It is similar to the "Songfandang" by Routangseng and "Ai-Mo-Can-Help" project by Ai Weiwei and Mo Zhixu.
Reaction of Chinese authorities
Chinese authorities have frequently suppressed independent activism. In 2009, authorities disbanded Gongmeng (Open Constitution Initiative) alleging tax evasion. Many Gongmeng members subsequently joined "Citizens" to continue civil rights activism.
From the end of 2012 to 2013, many citizens took to the streets in Shenzhen, Beijing, Jiangxi and other cities, demanding that Chinese government officials disclose their wealth, which led to several arrests. Between March 31 and April 17, 2013, authorities arrested 10 citizens: Yuan Dong, Zhang Baocheng, Ma Xinli, Hou Xin, Ding Jiaxi, Zhao Changqing, Sun Hanhui, Wang Yonghong, Li Wei and Qi Yueying. Also arrested in Beijing were Zhang Xiangzhong, Li Gang, Li Huanjun, Song Ze and Xu Zhiyong. Three Xinyu citizens, Liu Ping, Wei Zhongping, Li Sihua were arrested in Jiangxi on April 28, 2013. Five citizens, Yuan Fengchu (Yuan Bing), Yuan Xiaohua, Huang Wenxun, Chen Jianxiong (Chen Jinxin), and Li Yinli were arrested in Hubei on May 25.
The trial of Liu Ping, Wei Zhongping and Li Sihua began in late 2013. They had been in detention since April. The three were indicted on a charge of illegal assembly in July, with additional charges of "gathering a crowd to disrupt order in a public place" and "using an evil cult to undermine law enforcement" given to Liu Ping and Wei Zhongping in September.
On Jul 16, 2013, after being under house arrest for more than three months, Xu Zhiyong was detained for allegedly "amassing a crowd to disturb order in a public space". The arrest was covered in the news and drew great attention both domestically and internationally. On Aug 22, Dr Xu was formally charged.
On Jul 18, Chuan-Zhi-Xing ("Transitions"), a Beijing-based NGO/thinktank was closed due to its involvement with civil rights research.
Dr Xu's arrest caused wide-scale protest. Mao Yushi, Wang Gongquan, Xiaoshu, He Sanwei, Yang Zili published an open letter demanding the release of Dr Xu and other arrested citizens. More than 3000 people signed the open letter.
On Aug 8, Guo Feixiong, a main organizer of New Citizens' Movement in southern China, was arrested. On Aug 11, Li Huaping, a main organizer of New Citizens' Movement in eastern China, was arrested.
On Sep 13, Wang Gongquan was detained by Beijing police for "disturbing order in public space". On Oct 20, he was formally charged.
On January 26, 2014, the Beijing Number One Intermediate People's Court sentenced Xu Zhiyong to a four-year prison sentence. The conviction was for assembling crowds with the intent to disrupt public spaces.
In April 2014, Ding Jiaxi and Li Wei were put on trial for 'disrupting public order'. Foreign diplomats attended, but were not admitted to the hearing.
External links
New Citizens' Movement Official site: xgmyd.com
Xu Zhiyong: The New Citizens' Movement in China
Collected Works of Xu Zhiyong
References
Political movements in China
Movements for civil rights
Human rights in China
Semyon Andreevich Pugachov (Russian: Семён Андреевич Пугачёв; 26 February 1889 – 23 March 1943) was a Russian soldier who served in the Russian Imperial and Soviet armed forces. He served in World War I and obtained the rank of Komkor in the Red Army.
Biography
Semyon was born in Ryazan to a family of a teacher. He joined the Russian Army on 10 July 1906, and graduated from the Alexseevskoe Military School in 1908, and the Nikolaevskoie Military Academy in 1914.
During World War I, Semyon was a Captain and fought alongside the 6th Siberian Corps, and then became part of the operational staff management of the Northern Front.
Service in the Red Army
After the Russian Revolution in April 1918, Pugachov volunteered to join the Red Army, and served in several Soviet military districts across the country.
He served in the staff of the Ural Military District, performing special tasks assigned by his commanding officers, and soon after, became Chief of Staff of the district. At the start of 1919, Pugachov became Chief of Operations for the 2nd Army in the far east, and in September, became Chief of Staff for the Special Group of the Southern Front. In October, he was assigned as Chief of Operations for the Southeastern Front, and the Caucasian Front in 1920, through to May 1921. His main task was to guide the development plan to expel and defeat the forces of the White Army from the North Caucasus. In June, he was appointed as Chief of the Separate Caucasus Army.
From August 1923 to April 1924, Pugachov served as commander to the Turkestan Front and helped combat the Basmachi Movement.
In May 1924, he commanded the Red Banner Caucasian Army, and from 1925 to 1928, he served as replacement for the Chief of the RKKA and aided in certain reforms done by Mikhail Frunze from 1924-1925. He also took part in suppressing the August Uprising in Georgia.
From 1927 to 1928, he was a military advisor to the Geneva conference on arms reduction, and from 1928 to 1930, he was Chief of the Ukrainian and Central Asian military districts.
In September 1932, he was appointed as Chief of the Military-Transport Academy of the RKKA.
He joined the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in 1934, after being recommended by Grigoriy Ordzhonikidze.
Awards
Order of the Red Banner,
Order of the Red Banner of the Khorezm People's Soviet Republic,
Order of the Red Star of the Bukharan People's Soviet Republic, 1st Class.
Arrests and death
Pugachov was arrested twice; the first time was on 28 February/1 March 1931. He admitted his guilt on 11 March; however, after a confrontation with Sergei Georgevich Bejanov the next day, he refused from readings presented earlier. He was released on the same day.
He was arrested a second time on 10 October 1938 and was sentenced to 15 years of jail on 25 October. He died in prison on 23 March 1943 when he was 54 years old and was posthumously rehabilitated in 1956.
References
Sources
Semyon Andreevich Pugachov in Russian Army in the Great War . "Semyon Andreevich Pugachov" on Chronus.
Executed Generation, Semyon Andreevich Pugachov.
CentreAsia, Semyon Andreevich Pugachov.
PomniPro, Semyon Andreevich Pugachov
See also
Basmachi Movement
RKKA
Russian Civil War
1889 births
1943 deaths
Imperial Russian Army personnel
Russian military personnel of World War I
Russian communists
Soviet komkors
Prisoners who died in Soviet detention
Soviet people who died in prison custody
People of the Russian Civil War
People from Ryazan
Seela Maini Marjatta Sella (née Virtanen, b. 30 December 1936) is a Finnish film actress. She was born in Tampere, Finland.
During her career, which has spanned more than 60 years to date, Seela Sella has had roles in productions at the Finnish National Theatre, the TTT-Theatre, the Tampere Comedy Theatre, etc. and has made almost 35 appearances in film and television. She has also organized monologue, song and recital nights.
Sella has worked with Finnish director Timo Koivusalo on a number of films such as Sibelius (2003) and Kalteva torni (2006). Sella has also done voice-overs for the Finnish versions of such animated movies as A Bug's Life and The Emperor's New Groove.
Sella received an award for her work from the Alfred Kordelin Foundation in 2000.
Personal life
Seela has two children, Ariel and Ilana. She converted to Judaism when she married the Finnish Jew Elis Sella.
References
External links
1936 births
Living people
People from Tampere
Finnish Jews
Finnish film actresses
Converts to Judaism
Finnish stage actresses
Finnish voice actresses
Finnish television actresses
20th-century Finnish actresses
21st-century Finnish actresses
Hotel Frederiksminde is a hotel and restaurant located in a parkland setting in Præstø, Vordingborg Municipality, Denmark. The restaurant has been awarded one star in the Michelin Guide since 2016.
History
Am Anthonian priory was established at the site in 1470. It was confiscated by the crown during the reformation and the buildings were demolished in
The area remained undeveloped and was mostly used as farmland. A military installation was established at the site in the beginning of the 18th century. A building for the officers was located approximately where the hotel stands today while barracks and stables for around 100-150 dragoons and their horses were located at the site of present-day Præstø Private School. The army left the site towards the end of the century.
In the middle of the 19th century, Klosterhaven was increasingly used as a recreational area was planted with 1,500 plants from the royal nurseries in Hørsholm and Petersgård. It was also proposed to create a pavilion which could both be used as an entertainment venue and an assembly building. In 1868, instigated by the Craftsmen's Guld (Håndværkerforeningen), the town began to sell 5 rigsdaler shares in support of the project. The new building was inaugurated on 2 May 1870. A bust of Frederick VII had been installed in the park back in 1868 and it was therefore decided to name the building Frederiksminde (Frederik's Memorial). Already from its opening the new venue struggled economically and was after five years sold in auction to the Craftsmen's Guild.
The park was later refurbished by the town and the building was expanded in 1901. The main hall was lengthened in 1926 and could from then on seat 200 people as well as another 60 people on the balcony.
The building was later converted into a hotel and changed hands several times. In 2003 it was acquired by Hans Michael Jepsen, a Hong Kong-based businessman with a history of purchasing and refurbishing historic buildings in provincial Denmark. He leased it to Silje Brenna. Hotel Frederiksminde reopened after a comprehensive make-over in 2007.
Restaurant
Jonas Mikkelsen was engaged as head chef in 2010. In February 2016, Hotel Frederiksminde received a star in the first Michelin Guide to dining in the Nordic countries. It kept it in 2017 and 2018.
References
External links
Official website
Hotels in Denmark
Michelin Guide starred restaurants in Denmark
Listed buildings and structures in Vordingborg Municipality
Kim Jun-ho (; born 11 December 2002) is a South Korean footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Pohang Steelers.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
2002 births
Living people
South Korean footballers
Association football midfielders
K League 1 players
Pohang Steelers players
Hexi Caihua (), Hexi painting, or Imperial-style decorative painting, is the royal variation of Caihua, a traditional Chinese decorative painting applied to the surface of the buildings.
References
Sources
Taihe Dian: The Hall of Supreme Harmony of the Forbidden City in Beijing
Chinese art
Architectural styles
Chinese painting
Architecture of China
Chinese architectural history
The white-rumped robin (Peneothello bimaculata) is a species of bird in the family Petroicidae. It is found in New Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Described by Italian naturalist, Tommaso Salvadori, in 1874, the white-rumped robin is a member of the Australasian robin family Petroicidae. Sibley and Ahlquist's DNA-DNA hybridisation studies placed this group in a Corvida parvorder comprising many tropical and Australian passerines, including pardalotes, fairy-wrens, and honeyeaters, as well as crows. However, subsequent molecular research (and current consensus) places the robins as a very early offshoot of the Passerida (or "advanced" songbirds) within the songbird lineage.
Within the species, two subspecies are recognised: the nominate subspecies, which is found on the southern side of the main mountain range along New Guinea, and the subspecies vicarius of the Huon Peninsula and Adelbert Range.
Description
Measuring , the white-rumped robin has black plumage with a white rump and upper tail coverts. It has white patches on the sides of its breast. The abdomen is white in the nominate subspecies, and black with some white in the subspecies vicarius. The female closely resembles the male, but its black feathers have brown tinges. The bill and feet are black, and the eyes are dark brown.
Distribution and habitat
The white-rumped robin is found in the highlands of New Guinea from altitudes of . Within the rainforest it is found in pairs in the understory or on the ground. It is insectivorous.
References
white-rumped robin
white-rumped robin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Peter Bentley, Sr. (1805 – September 26, 1875) was the fifth mayor of Jersey City in New Jersey. He succeeded Thomas A. Alexander. He served a single one-year term from April 1843 to April 1844. He was succeeded by Phineas C. Dummer.
Biography
Born on a farm in Halfmoon, New York, he moved to Jersey City, New Jersey in 1825 and became a lawyer in 1834. After his term as mayor, he left politics. He later organized the Mechanics' and Traders' Bank (currently the First National Bank of Jersey City) and became its President. In addition, he was Vice-President of the Savings Bank of Jersey City, Treasurer and later Director of the Gas Company and Treasurer of the Jersey City and Bergen Plank Road Company. He died in Jersey City on September 26, 1875 and was buried in the Old Bergen Church cemetery in Jersey City.
References
External links
1805 births
1875 deaths
People from Halfmoon, New York
Mayors of Jersey City, New Jersey
19th-century American politicians
Song Yi is the name of:
Song Yi (Qin dynasty), minister of the rebel Chu kingdom during the Qin Dynasty
Song Yi (field hockey), Chinese field hockey player
Song Yi (actress), Chinese actress
The 11th Alabama Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War.
Service
The 11th Alabama Infantry Regiment was mustered in at Lynchburg, Virginia, on June 17, 1861. Some of the companies making up the regiment had been already in service for several months at the time of mustering. The regiment surrendered at Appomattox Court House.
Total strength and casualties
The 11th mustered 1192 men during its existence. The regiment suffered approximately 270 killed in action or mortally wounded and 200 men who died of disease, for a total of approximately 470 fatalities. An additional 170 men were discharged from the regiment and 80 were transferred to other units.
Commanders
Colonel Sydenham Moore
Colonel John C. C. Sanders
Colonel George Edward Tayloe
See also
Alabama Civil War Confederate Units
Alabama in the American Civil War
Notes
References
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Alabama
1861 establishments in Alabama
Military units and formations established in 1861
Hart County is a county located in the south central portion of the Commonwealth of Kentucky. As of the 2010 census, the population was 18,199. Its county seat is Munfordville. Hart County is a prohibition or dry county.
History
Hart County was formed in 1819 from portions of Hardin and Barren counties. The county is named for Captain Nathaniel G. S. Hart, a Kentucky militia officer in the War of 1812 who was wounded at the Battle of Frenchtown and died in the Massacre of the River Raisin.
The Battle of Munfordville, a Confederate victory, was fought in the county in 1862, during the American Civil War.
A courthouse fire in January, 1928 resulted in the loss of some county records.
In 1989 the Amish settlement near Munfordville was founded. It has ties to the Geauga Amish settlement in Ohio, from where many of the Munfordville Amish came. It is the fastest growing Amish settlement in America and had 14 church districts and a total population of about 1,800 people .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.4%) is water.
Fauna
A female wolf shot in 2013 in Hart County by a hunter was the first gray wolf seen in Kentucky in modern times.
Adjacent counties
Hardin County (north/EST Border)
LaRue County (northeast/EST Border)
Green County (east)
Metcalfe County (southeast)
Barren County (south)
Edmonson County (southwest)
Grayson County (northwest)
Natural features
A portion of Mammoth Cave National Park and the cave for which it is named is located in western Hart County.
The Fisher Ridge Cave System is located in Hart County. it has been mapped to a length of and is the fifth-longest cave in the United States and the tenth-longest cave in the world.
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 17,445 people, 6,769 households, and 4,812 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 8,045 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 92.58% White, 6.20% Black or African American, 0.22% Native American, 0.11% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.18% from other races, and 0.69% from two or more races. 0.86% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 6,769 households, out of which 32.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.80% were married couples living together, 10.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.90% were non-families. 25.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.05.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.70% under the age of 18, 8.60% from 18 to 24, 28.20% from 25 to 44, 23.50% from 45 to 64, and 13.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 96.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $25,378, and the median income for a family was $31,746. Males had a median income of $26,994 versus $19,418 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,495. About 18.60% of families and 22.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 28.40% of those under age 18 and 22.00% of those age 65 or over.
Amish settlement
The Amish settlement in Hart County mainly between Munfordville and Horse Cave was founded in 1989. It has ties to the Geauga Amish settlement in Ohio, from where many of the Hart County Amish came. It is the fastest-growing Amish settlement in America and had 14 church districts and a total population of about 1,800 .
Communities
Cities
Bonnieville
Horse Cave
Munfordville (county seat)
Census-designated place
Hardyville
Other unincorporated places
Canmer
Cub Run
Hammonville
Legrande
Linwood
Monroe
Priceville
Rowletts
Uno
Three Springs
Politics
Federal
In the U.S House of Representatives, Hart County is represented by Brett Guthrie (R) of the second district.
In presidential elections, Hart County was a swing county up until the 21st century. After that, they have shifted heavily towards the Republican Party. The last Democratic Party presidential candidate to carry the county was Bill Clinton in 1992.
State
In the Kentucky State Senate, all of Hart county is located in the 5th district. It is represented by Stephen Meredith.
In the Kentucky house of representatives all of Hart county is located in the 5th district. It is represented by Bart Rowland.
Education
School districts include:
Caverna Independent School District
Hart County School District
See also
Dry county
James Greene Hardy Local politician of the 1850s, was Lt. Gov. of Kentucky.
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hart County, Kentucky
References
1819 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1819
Kentucky counties
Counties of Appalachia
In Greece, the Council of State () is the Supreme Administrative Court of Greece.
Organization
The Council is headed by its president, who is chosen from among the members of the Council by the Cabinet of Greece for a term of four years. The court comprises the presiding board (the president and seven vice-presidents), 42 privy councillors, 48 associate judges and 50 reporting judges, all graduates of the National School of Judges.
The Council is seated in the Arsakeion building in the centre of Athens.
The Council executes its jurisdiction in Plenary Session or in six Chambers-Judicial Formations ( Α', Β', Γ', Δ', Ε' and ΣΤ' ). Each Chamber may have two compositions: five-member or seven-member. The jurisdiction of the Plenary Session is determined by the law (Legislative Decree 170/1973, Article 14), while the competence of the Chambers is determined by the law and the presidential decrees, proposed by the Minister of Justice after an opinion of the Council.
After the Constitutional Amendment of 2001 the Plenary Session (and not the Chambers) is the only competent to judge the constitutionality of laws. The Plenary Session is, also, competent: a) for cases of general interest that the president introduces directly into it, b) for cases that one of the Chambers submits to it. These cases are submitted by the Chambers to the Plenary Session for two reasons: either because they are cases of general interest or because the applicable legislative provision is judged unconstitutional.
History
The Council was first founded in 1835 and it constituted an imitation of the French Conseil d'État. It had advisory competence with respect to the draft decrees and administrative jurisdiction, issuing irrevocable decisions. The Council was suppressed by the Constitution of 1844 (article 102). Following the deposing of King Otto in 1862, the National Assembly that was convened decided to re-establish the Council in order to "prepare and deliberate on law proposals".
The new 1864 Constitution provided for a revision of this in the forthcoming parliamentary session, provided that a 3/4 majority voted against it. On 25 November 1865 a law was passed that abolished the Council of State again.
Although the Constitution of 1911 provided for its re-establishment, it was not refounded until 1928 (Law 3713/1928 as it has been repeatedly revised), after the adoption of the Constitution of 1927 (articles 102-105). Its first president, from 1928 until 1935, was Konstantinos Raktivan. Its jurisdiction and composition is now provided for in the Constitution of 1975/1985/2001 (article 95), the Law 170/1973 (as revised) and the Presidential Decree 18/1989.
Administrative competence
The administrative competence of the Council, as one of the three Big Bodies of the Public Administration (the other two are the Chamber of Accounts and the Hellenic Legal Council) is regulated by the article 95 of the Constitution of 1974/1985/2001 and consists in the elaboration of all the regulative decrees, namely of all the decrees that include impersonal (nor referring to a particular person) legal rules.
Competent for this elaboration is the fifth (Ε' ) Chamber of the Council, composed, for such cases, of three or five members. The Chamber may, at its option, submit the case to the nine member Plenary Session. The submission is obligatory for the Chamber, when the constitutionality of the relevant to the decree legal provisions is judged (article 100 of the Constitution after the Amendment of 2001).
The Administration is obliged to send the regulative decrees to the Conseil for elaboration but it is not obliged to follow the consultory response of the Council. Nonetheless, the Administration usually abides by the Council's opinion.
A promulgated regulative decree, if not sent to the Council for elaboration before its promulgation, shall be annulled, if a recourse (writ of annulment) is submitted to the competent court (the Conseil d'Etat or the Administrative Court of Appeals).
The elaboration of the decrees by the Council is limited to the lato sensu legality (and the constitutionality of the relevant legal provisions) of the decrees, while the respective control of the French Conseil d'État goes to the substance of the context of the elaborated decree.
Litigation
The Council is the head of the system of administrative justice and it constitutes the Supreme Administrative Court. A case is introduced into the Council with the following legal means or remedies:
the recourse (; the accurate translation is writ of annulment), with which the annulment of an administrative act is pursued. The Council judges only the legal aspects of the case and not the true facts. Its decision includes a judgement about legality and not a control upon the merits.
the writ of certiorari () against the decisions of the lower administrative courts (Administrative Courts of First Instance and Administrative Courts of Appeals), which judge recourses () and their decisions include a control upon the merits. The writ of certiorari is constitutionally consolidated (article 95 of the Constitution 1975/1986/2001) and places the Council at the top of the administrative branch of justice, because it has the last word in the legal aspects of every administrative litigation.
the clerical recourse, with which disputes between the State and the civil servants are introduced into the Council. The decision of the Council includes a judgement both about the legality and upon the merits of the case.
the appeal against the decisions of the Administrative Court of Appeals, which judges at first instance certain writs of annulment (according to the provisions of the Law 702/1977). In this case, the Council judges as a court of appeals and the Administrative Court of Appeals as a court of first instance.
Acts of government
Following the jurisprudence of the French Conseil d'État, the Council refuses to examine the legality of certain administrative acts, which are called "acts of government". The Council includes in this limited category:
acts regulating the relationships between the executive branch and the Parliament, such as the dissolution of the Parliament or the act proclaiming a referendum.
acts connected with the foreign policy of Greece, such as international conventions, acts promulgated for the application of international treaties, acts relevant to the diplomatic protection of Greek citizens abroad, etc.
the declaration of mobilisation.
the granting of pardons.
Procedure
The procedure is based on the principles of the "inquisitorial system" and of the initiative of the litigant. According to this last principle the litigant is responsible for the commencement of the procedure.
International relations
The Council of State is a founding member of the International Association of Supreme Administrative Courts and, since Greece's accession to the European Union, of the Association of the Councils of State and Supreme Administrative Jurisdictions of the European Union. It also participates to the Venice Commission, the Council of Europe's advisory body on constitutional matters.
Presidents
Konstantinos Raktivan (1929–1935)
Stamos Papafrangos (1935–1941)
Panagiotis Triantafyllakos (1941–1943)
Panagiotis Poulitsas (1943–1951), interim Prime Minister in April 1946
Sotirios Souliotis (1951–1961)
Charilaos Mitrelias (1961–1966), Deputy Prime Minister in October–November 1973
Michail Stasinopoulos (1966–1969), interim President of the Republic in 1974–1975
Alexandros Dimitsas (1969–1974)
Georgios Marangopoulos (1974–1976)
Othon Kyriakos (1976–1977)
Nikolaos Bouropoulos (1977–1981)
Angelos Iatridis (1981–1983)
Themistoklis Kourousopoulos (1983–1988)
Vasileios Rotis (1988)
Vasileios Botopoulos (1988–1999)
Christos Geraris (1999–2005)
Georgios Papangiotopoulos (2005–2010)
Panagiotis Pikrammenos (2010–16 May 2012), interim Prime Minister in May–June 2012
Konstantinos Menoudakos (17 May 2012 – 30 June 2013)
Sotirios Rizos (2013–2015)
Nikolaos Sakellariou (2015–2018)
Aikaterini Sakellaropoulou (2018–2020)
Athanasios Rantos (2020–present)
See also
Judicial system of Greece
References
External links
Official website
Administrative courts
1835 establishments in Greece
Courts and tribunals established in 1835
Derrick Alexander (born November 13, 1973) is a former defensive end who played for the Minnesota Vikings and Cleveland Browns of the National Football League. He was drafted from Florida State University in the first round of the 1995 NFL Draft ahead of such big names as Hugh Douglas and Warren Sapp.
After Alexander retired, he worked in the front office for the Cleveland Browns for several years. Alexander was inducted into the Florida State Hall of Fame in 2007. From 2011 to 2013 he was the head football coach at Bishop McLaughlin Catholic High School in Spring Hill, Florida.
References
1973 births
Players of American football from Jacksonville, Florida
Living people
William M. Raines High School alumni
American football defensive ends
American football defensive tackles
Florida State Seminoles football players
Cleveland Browns players
Minnesota Vikings players
Ed Block Courage Award recipients
North Carolina Highway 34 (NC 34) is a short primary state highway in the U.S. state of North Carolina. Spanning a distance of , the route passes through a few small unincorporated communities in eastern North Carolina's Inner Banks near Elizabeth City.
Route description
The route's southern terminus is the intersection with US 158 in the community of Belcross, in Camden County. From there, it progresses in a general northeastern direction through Hastings Corners, where it also becomes known as Shawboro Road. After uniting with Indiantown Road, NC 34 continues north to its northern terminus at NC 168 in Sligo, Currituck County.
History
Over the years since the 1930s, NC 34 has occupied a variety of routes in the northeastern part of North Carolina, including current-day NC 168, NC 343, NC 344, and US 158.
Major intersections
References
034
Historic Albemarle Tour
Transportation in Camden County, North Carolina
Transportation in Currituck County, North Carolina
George Dickie (23 Nov 1812, Aberdeen – 1882) was a Scottish botanist, who specialised in algae.
Life
He studied arts, then medicine at the Universities of Aberdeen and Edinburgh. He qualified as a doctor around 1835. In 1837 he is listed as a surgeon, living at Cherryvale in Aberdeen.
He became a lecturer on botany in King's College, Aberdeen, then University Librarian. In 1849 he was appointed the first Professor of Natural History at Queen's College, Belfast and became a Member of the Belfast Natural History Society. In 1860 he returned to Aberdeen University as Regius Professor of Botany. He was succeeded in 1877 by Prof James William Helenus Trail FRS.
Dickie worked, most importantly on the range and depth of marine algae and on cataloguing material brought back from the Challenger expedition.
Dickie was a Fellow of the Linnean Society (1863), a Fellow of the Royal Society (1881) and a Member of the Belfast Natural History Society.
In later life he lived at 16 Albyn Terrace in Aberdeen.
He died on 15 July 1882 at is buried in the churchyard of St Machar's Cathedral in Old Aberdeen. The grave lies south west of the church.
He was succeeded by Prof James W. H. Trail.
Family
He was married to Agnes Willamson Low (d.1909).
Botanical Reference
References
External links
Algaebase Bibliography.
1812 births
1882 deaths
19th-century Scottish people
19th-century British botanists
Scottish botanists
Scottish naturalists
Scientists from Aberdeen
British phycologists
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Academics of the University of Aberdeen
Scottish scholars and academics
Academics of Queen's University Belfast
Fellows of the Royal Society
19th-century Scottish medical doctors
Scottish librarians
Scottish marine biologists
Fellows of the Linnean Society of London
The 2023 Women's Oceania Cup will be the twelfth edition of the Women's Oceania Cup after the cancellation of the 2022 edition due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the biennial international women's field hockey championship of Oceania organised by the Oceania Hockey Federation. It will be held in August 2023. The exact venue and dates are yet to be confirmed.
New Zealand are the defending champions, having won the 2019 edition. The winner will qualify for the 2024 Summer Olympics.
See also
2023 Men's Oceania Cup
References
Women's Oceania Cup
Oceania Cup
Oceania Cup, 2021 Women
Štefka Drolc (22 December 1923 – 25 June 2018), full name Štefanija Ana Drolc, was one of the most widely recognised Slovenian theatre and film actresses.
Life
Štefka Drolc was born in Ponikva (now in eastern Slovenia). She started her acting career in Maribor. In the 1945/46 season, after several successful seasons as an amateur actress, she started to work in the Maribor National Theatre. In 1948, she moved to Trieste and remained there until the end of the 1958/59 season. Since 1960, she was a full member of the Ljubljana Slovene National Theatre Drama.
As a film actress, she debuted in the movie On Our Own Land, which was the first feature-length sound film in Slovene. She also starred in Blossoms in Autumn (Cvetje v jeseni; 1973), The Story of Good People (Povest o dobrih ljudeh; 1975) and The Tenth Brother (Deseti brat; 1982).
She worked as a teacher at the Academy of Theatre, Radio, Film and Television (AGFRT) in Ljubljana.
For her work, she was bestowed the Prešeren Award (2009) for lifetime achievement and the Silver Order of Freedom (1996).
She was married to the film director Jože Babič. She died at age 94.
References
External links
1923 births
2018 deaths
Slovenian actresses
Prešeren Award laureates
People from the Municipality of Šentjur
Lusaka West Secondary School was established in 2000, under the Republic of Zambia education Act.
The school opened its doors on 15 January 2007 with nine students. By the end of the year the number had grown to more than 60. The school has a capacity of 300 students.
Accreditation
The school offers Examination Council of Zambia (ECZ) syllabus as well as IGCSE Cambridge examinations. It is accredited as an Examination Centre for the Local Examinations as well as Cambridge(External) Examinations.
Fraternity
The school has 200 students, 21 teaching staff and over 30 support staff.
Curriculum
Grade 8 to 9
The junior Secondary pupils follow the Examination Council of Zambia(ECZ) syllabus. Subjects offered are;
English, Mathematics, Environmental Science, Geography, History, Civics, Office Practice, Religious Education, French and Computers.
References
Schools in Lusaka
Cambridge schools in Zambia
Secondary schools in Zambia
Corey Lemard Mays (born November 27, 1983, in Chicago, in the U.S. state of Illinois) is a former American football linebacker. He was signed by the New England Patriots as an undrafted free agent in 2006. He played college football at Notre Dame. Mays has also played for the Cincinnati Bengals and the Kansas City Chiefs.
Early years
Mays earned All City, All Area and All State honors as a Senior. Mays capped off his senior year with the 2001 Gatorade Player of The Year honors for Illinois.
Mays played high school football at Morgan Park High School in Chicago. Mays accepted a full scholarship offer to the University of Notre Dame, which was the first offer to a public league athlete since Chris Zorch.
Professional career
New England Patriots
Mays was first signed as an undrafted free agent out of the University of Notre Dame after the 2006 NFL Draft. He started the 2006 season as a member of the New England Patriots practice squad, but was later signed to the active roster. He was cut by the Patriots on October 1, 2007.
Cincinnati Bengals
Mays signed with the Cincinnati Bengals on October 2, 2007, and went on to play two seasons with the team. He was non-tendered as a restricted free agent in the 2009 offseason.
Kansas City Chiefs
Mays was signed by the Kansas City Chiefs on March 13, 2009.
References
External links
Cincinnati Bengals bio
Kansas City Chiefs bio
New England Patriots bio
Notre Dame Fighting Irish bio
1983 births
Living people
Players of American football from Chicago
American football linebackers
Notre Dame Fighting Irish football players
New England Patriots players
Cincinnati Bengals players
Kansas City Chiefs players
Paenochrobactrum is a genus of Gram-negative, oxidase-positive, non-spore-forming, nonmotile bacteria of the family Brucellaceae.
References
Hyphomicrobiales
Bacteria genera
Wouter Mol (born 17 April 1982 in Nibbixwoud) is a Dutch former professional road racing cyclist, who rode professionally between 2004 and 2016.
2012 Tour Down Under
One tradition of the Tour Down Under is that the fans choose an unknown rider and treat him the way they would a star, by mobbing him at hotels and painting his name on the road. The rider must be a non-English speaking domestique who most likely will not get a start at a major race and will simply act as a bottle carrier. For 2012, rider Mol was chosen.
Major results
2006
3rd Ronde van Drenthe
5th Nokere Koerse
7th Nationale Sluitingsprijs
2007
1st Grote 1-MeiPrijs
4th GP de Dourges-Hénin-Beaumont
6th Omloop van het Houtland
7th Ronde van Overijssel
2008
1st Grote Prijs Jef Scherens
3rd Drie Zustersteden
8th Nationale Sluitingsprijs
2009
2nd Münsterland Giro
3rd Hel van het Mergelland
10th Ronde van het Groene Hart
2010
1st Overall Tour of Qatar
3rd Profronde van Fryslan
6th GP Herning
7th Dwars door Vlaanderen
9th Arno Wallaard Memorial
2011
9th Grote Prijs Stad Zottegem
2012
10th Classic Loire Atlantique
2013
3rd Grote Prijs Stad Zottegem
6th Overall World Ports Classic
10th Kampioenschap van Vlaanderen
2014
3rd GP Maurice Raes
6th Omloop der Kempen
2015
2nd Arno Wallaard Memorial
3rd Ronde van Limburg
7th Arnhem–Veenendaal Classic
8th Grote Prijs Stad Zottegem
9th Ronde van Drenthe
2016
1st Stage 5 Rás Tailteann
3rd Ronde van Noord-Holland
4th Slag om Norg
9th Grote Prijs Stad Zottegem
10th De Kustpijl
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Dutch male cyclists
People from Noorder-Koggenland
Cyclists from North Holland
Rockstar Games Social Club (Social Club) is a digital rights management, multiplayer and communications service provided by Rockstar Games for use with their latest generation of games. Rockstar Games Social Club was first announced on March 27, 2008, with pre-registration beginning on April 14, 2008. However, that date was moved to April 17, 2008. The name is a reference to organized crime, which commonly uses the term "social club" to describe a meeting place or hideout. The service received a major update in 2012, prior to the release of Max Payne 3, with the addition of social networking features and a "crews" system that allows players to form groups and combine their achievements to unlock bonus features.
Games using Rockstar Games Social Club
Features
Rockstar Games Social Club provides certain different features based on the type of game. The following is a list of features, as written on the website.
Grand Theft Auto IV
Note: Some features are effectively unavailable since the GameSpy server shutdown in July 2014.
LCPD Police Blotter - The Police Blotter collects data from all online users of GTA IV, and shows how much crime is committed in each area of the city. It also shows the most dangerous areas of Liberty City, what the most popular weapons are and further details about the city's crime rate.
The Story Gang - The Story Gang is a leader board showing a list of users who have completed the story mode of the game. There are two parts to this: The first part shows the first 10 players to complete the story mode of the game; and the other one shows the quickest times that the story mode has been completed in. Members of the gang receive special online bonuses marking their achievements in the game.
The 100% Club - The 100% Club is similar to the story gang, but this time marks the achievements of gamers that have completed the game 100%. There are two leaderboards, one showing the first ten people to complete the game, and the other showing who has completed the game quickest. Eligible players who completed the game with 100% between 12:00 am April 29, 2008 and 11:59 pm 19 May EST were sent a 'key to the city' to mark their achievement.
The Hall of Fame - The Hall of Fame marks various records and statistical achievements completed by users within the game. It also contains a personal awards display of a gamers personal in-game achievements.
The Liberty City Marathon - The Liberty City Marathon is a ranking of special physical milestones within the game. There are also competitions based on marathons for this area of the Social Club.
ZiT Music Service - Players are able to tag songs heard on in-game radio stations by calling "ZIT-555-0100" with their in-game mobile phone. If the player's gamername is linked to their Social Club account, they will be able to then access a list of songs they have tagged via the Social Club website. Songs can then be purchased via iTunes.
Multiplayer Leaderboards - On May 28, 2008, Rockstar launched the multiplayer section of Social Club. The section currently consists of a player's rank, their ranking compared to other players, their score, and the number of games a player has won and lost.
The Millionaires Club - Millionaire status is determined by totaling all of the money they have ever earned in single–player–mode from completing missions, winning races, doing vigilante side–jobs, and fortuitously picking up 'dropped' money in the street. Millionaires Club launched on July 29, 2008.
Viral Infection - With the Viral Infection feature at the Rockstar Social Club, members can now see whether their in-game multiplayer character is currently infected, the number of total global infections and the number of infections in the last 24 hours. Digging deeper, Social Club members can also browse a color-coded world map tracking the spread of the infection worldwide, including breakdown for all 50 U.S. States. Infected players can set a zombie skin for themselves at the multiplayer section. This part was announced on July 29, 2008 and set off on October 24, 2008.
Social Club TV - The PC version of Grand Theft Auto IV features a video editor where players can take, edit and upload footage of their gameplay to the Social Club TV site. Once a video has been uploaded to the site, other Social Club members can then rate, favorite and comment on the video. Currently, Social Club TV is exclusive to the PC version of Grand Theft Auto IV and the upcoming PC version for Grand Theft Auto V. It is not yet known if other Rockstar games will use this feature.
Midnight Club: Los Angeles
Note: Some features are effectively unavailable since the GameSpy server shutdown in July 2014.
Los Angeles Driving Test - Tracks certain stats of the player via their console gamer-name such as wheelie distance and consecutive wins and includes in-game rewards such as an Audi R8, Hydraulic/AirBags and TIS Modular Rims.
Gallery - Displays pictures that the player has taken in-game.
Hollywood Auto Garage - Lists all in-game vehicles based upon the most popular, the most wins, and the most driven.
Multiplayer - Players are able to compare their stats and times with other players in every event.
Player Profile - Displays various stats and features a customizable user title screen.
Rate My Ride - Similar to the in-game aspect, players can see how their vehicle has been rated and have the ability to rate others online via pictures uploaded.
Tournaments - This feature allows for players to sign up for time trial tournaments. Once signed up, the player can pull up the tournament menu from the game and participate. So far, Rockstar has given prizes to people with the best time.
LAFM - Allows players to listen to and buy songs they have favorited in the game.
Rockstar has confirmed that there is one more Social Club feature in the works for the game.
Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars
Note: On Nintendo DS and PlayStation Portable, all features are effectively unavailable since the GameSpy server shutdown in July 2014. The social club is removed for iOS/Android ports.
Player Stats - Allows people to view their game stats. The feature also allows for players to view their friend's stats.
Mr Wong's Laundromat - An online web-browser minigame were players can earn money for use in Chinatown Wars by laundering money.
Guardian Lions - As soon as players finish the main story line, two lion statues appear in different areas of the map. Once the player finds the statues, they can sync their game to Social Club and unlock two extra missions for "Xin".
Rampage Tracker - This feature allows players to see where all the rampages are located and their stats for each rampage.
Downloads - Features wallpapers, ringtones and papercraft models of stuff from the game.
Fully Cocked - People who pre-ordered the game from either GameStop or Amazon received a code to unlock an extra bonus for use in the game. This feature allows for players to redeem their codes.
Beaterator
Note: On PlayStation Portable, all features are effectively unavailable since the GameSpy server shutdown in July 2014.
Community - Allows users to find tracks created by the community. Once a user finds a track they like, they can mark it as a favorite, rate it and download it.
Studio - Allows users to listen their songs, view their favorites, see who's following them, follow other users, check their download queue and set their songs to public.
Red Dead Redemption
Note: Some features are effectively unavailable since the GameSpy server shutdown in July 2014.
The Blackwater Ledger – A dynamic community edition of the in-game newspaper keeps Social Club members updated on all the news that's fit to print. Reporting daily from New Austin, Nuevo Pariaso, and West Elizabeth, the Ledger records whoare earned the highest bounties, what the most popular products purchased at local merchants are, how many people have cheated in poker that day, and much, much more.
Stats – Keep meticulous records of in-game progress and earn those bragging rights. My Stats allow players to keep track of a variety of information, from how performance in single-player missions to extensive multiplayer performance statistics. The features also allows players to compare stats with Social Club friends.
Multiplayer – Keep detailed track of online multiplayer career. Players are able to browse the global multiplayer leaderboards and improve their game by studying a tailored stats breakdown.
Trophies – Keep track of each Trophy earned and compare with Social Club friends.
100% – Exclusively at Rockstar Social Club, completionists on a quest for 100% in Red Dead Redemption can use a detailed guide to see exactly what they've unlocked – and what's remaining, along with info, tips and a map legend.
L.A. Noire
Accomplishments - The Social Club allows players to track progress and view their completed Achievements & Trophies - along with exclusive game tips.
Ask The Community - When questioning any persons of interest, the player will be challenged to determine the validity of their statements. Players connected online that wish to get an inside tip can earn and spend special limited-use Intuition Points to take advantage of the Social Club "Ask the Community" feature. "Ask the Community" is a special lifeline-type feature which permits the player to see what decisions other players made when facing the same crossroads as a detective via a display of percentages of what other Social Club members chose in that situation. Intuition Points are in short supply, so remember to spend them wisely when using game tips like this.
Case Tracker - The player will be able to access your detective notebook at any time on the web via the Social Club to review clues, findings, notes from suspect interrogations and much more. Virtually everything that gets recorded into your notebook in-game will be reflected when the player log into the L.A. Noire section of the Social Club website - so the player can always be on the case and connected with your investigation when away from your console at work, school or anywhere online at any time.
Checklist - The fan-favorite 100% Checklist feature that Social Club members loved for Red Dead Redemption is back with L.A. Noire and enhanced for the occasion - with the ability to track every last morsel of action that it will take to reach the coveted 100% completion mark. From cases closed, to street crimes beaten, to landmarks and film reels found and everything else that it takes - the Checklist will track your current progress as well as allow the player to compare how the player's doing versus your Social Club Friends down to every item. Our dynamic Los Angeles map will also help the player find some items that the player may need a tip on tracking down.
Statistics - All the detailed game stats that Social Club members have come to expect, made richer and more robust than ever. L.A. Noire game stats at the Social Club will include properly visualized data with official police department charts and graphs analyzing your personal efficiency, accuracy, speed and many other key detective abilities. Each and every stat can also be directly compared against Social Club Friends for bragging rights.
Max Payne 3
Checklist - Explore everything Max Payne 3 single player has to offer by tracking your Story completion, Arcade mode replays and collectible items.
Match Reports - View details of recently played matches and compare the players' performances.
Grand Theft Auto V
BAWSAQ - Watch stock prices fluctuate in real-time as buyers and sellers react to in-game activity.
Criminal Record - Criminal Record gives each character's Criminal Record.
Mini Games - Gauge your performance against the entire Community on dedicated Minigame leaderboards.
Snapmatic - Take in the latest and greatest shots snapped by fellow Social Club members in GTA V and GTA Online.*
Barber Shop - Giving the option for characters, Franklin Clinton, Michael De Santa, and Trevor Philips new free hairstyles and free beards.
Stat Checking - Users can check their stats for Grand Theft Auto: Online & compare them against friends.
Custom Jobs - For Grand Theft Auto Online, players can create and publish their own user created deathmatches and races, for other Social Club members to download and play.
Crews - Users can create crews for their friends or community and get certain crew bonuses, such as 10% extra GTA$ and RP in missions.
Bully: Anniversary Edition
Trophies – Keep track of each Trophy earned and compare with Social Club friends.
Notes
References
External links
Digital rights management systems
Internet properties established in 2008
Multiplayer video game services
Rockstar Games
The Women's 200 metre freestyle competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 20 and 21 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held on 20 May at 10:17.
Semifinals
The semifinals were held on 20 May at 18:15.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final
The final was on 21 May at 16:36.
References
Women's 200 metre freestyle
2016 in women's swimming
Events in the year 1943 in China. The country had an estimated population of 444,801,000 in the mainland and 6,507,000 in Taiwan.
Incumbents
President: Lin Sen (until 1 August), Chiang Kai-shek (from 1 August)
Premier: Chiang Kai-shek
Vice Premier: Kung Hsiang-hsi
Events
Continuing Chinese famine of 1942-43
11 January - Conclusion of the Sino-British Treaty for the Relinquishment of Extra-Territorial Rights in China
11 January - Signing of the Sino-American Treaty for the Relinquishment of Extraterritorial Rights in China
9 - 12 May - Changjiao massacre
12 May - 3 June - Battle of West Hubei
20 May - Ratification and entry into force of the Sino-British Treaty for the Relinquishment of Extra-Territorial Rights in China
May - Ratification and entry into force of the Sino-American Treaty for the Relinquishment of Extraterritorial Rights in China
Disestablishment of the United States Court for China
18 August - Start of the Linnan Campaign
2 November - 20 December - Battle of Changde
Opening of the Sup'ung Dam, in Liaoning
Births
Abdurehim Haji Amin
Liu Jingnan
Pan Wuyun
Fang Chengguo
Xie Shengwu
Guo Ruilong
Deaths
Chen Tanqiu
Gao Enhong
Lin Sen
Mao Zemin
Jiang Chaozong
See also
List of Chinese films of the 1940s
References
1940s in China
Years of the 20th century in China
Christopher Karns (born January 25, 1979) is an American turntablist, who won the 2011 DMC World DJ Championships. He has also won the 2002 WSTC World Championships, six DMC Regional Championships, and three Redbull Thre3style Championships.
He has produced songs for Ahmad and Mayer Hawthorne. Chris has also shared stages around the world with industry legends such as Run-D.M.C., A Tribe Called Quest, Common, Mos Def, and many others. He is currently the official touring DJ for Yelawolf and has started playing sets with Pretty Lights.
In April 2013, he auditioned as one of the nineteen contestants for the third season of VH1's DJ reality show, Master of the Mix. Despite making it to the finals with DJ Jayceeoh and DJ Incrediboi, he lost and became a runner-up with DJ Incrediboi.
References
External links
1979 births
American hip hop DJs
Record producers from Colorado
Living people
Mixtape DJs
Musicians from Denver
Remixers
The 1936 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the ninth staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928.
Kilkenny entered the championship as the defending champions.
On 6 September 1936 Kilkenny won the championship following a 2-4 to 2-3 defeat of Cork in the All-Ireland final. This was their second All-Ireland in-a-row.
Results
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-final
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
Kilkenny became the second team after Tipperary to retain the All-Ireland Championship title.
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
The Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs (Maxwell School) is the professional public policy school of Syracuse University, a private research university in Syracuse, New York. The school is organized in 11 academic departments and 13 affiliated research centers and offers coursework in the fields of public administration, international relations, foreign policy, political Science, science and technology policy, social sciences, and economics through its undergraduate (BA) degrees, graduate Master of Public Affairs (MPA), Master of Arts (MA), and PhD degrees.
The school is recognized as one of the world's best graduate schools of public affairs. It hosts the oldest public administration degree in the United States.
History
The school is named for George Holmes Maxwell, a Syracuse alumnus and Boston patent attorney who in 1924 donated $500,000 to the university to establish a school which would aim "to cull from every source those principles, facts, and elements which, combined, make up our rights and duties and our value and distinctiveness as United States citizens". Maxwell's initial interest was in training all undergraduates for their roles as informed citizens in the American democracy; University officials convinced him the school should also provide professional training for future government officials and other public servants.
The Maxwell School was dedicated on October 3, 1924, and was the first program to offer a graduate professional degree in public administration. That Master of Public Administration program is the oldest continuously operating, university-based MPA in the United States.
In 1937, the school took its full name and moved into Maxwell Hall, a purpose-built building on the west end of Syracuse University's main campus. In that year, Syracuse University's graduate programs and undergraduate instruction in the social sciences were moved into Maxwell, giving the school the unusual hybrid structure that remains today.
In 1968, Maxwell professor Dwight Waldo presided over the Minnowbrook I conference, which established the foundations for New Public Administration. Subsequent Minnowbrook II and III conferences were held in 1988 and 2008 at the eponymous Blue Mountain Lake retreat.
The school's rapid growth necessitated the 1990 "Campaign for Maxwell", which raised capital to fund a new building to accommodate the expansion. The Holden Observatory, built in 1887, was moved to create space for a new 5-story building. The result of the campaign was the Bohlin Cywinski Jackson-designed Eggers Hall, which opened in 1994. Eggers Hall adjoins Maxwell Hall at the corner, together forming an "L" shaped complex that houses the present-day Maxwell School.
In 2013, the Maxwell School and the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a think tank in Washington, D.C., entered into a collaborative agreement that included headquartering all Maxwell operations at CSIS.
Academics
Departments
Anthropology
Economics
Executive Education
Geography
History
International Relations
Policy Studies
Political Science
Social Science
Sociology
Research centers
The school hosts or co-hosts 13 research centers or institutes, encouraging interdisciplinary study and conversation within such broad rubrics as global affairs, domestic policy, conflict and collaboration, environmental studies, aging, public wellness, citizenship, and national security and counterterrorism.
Autonomous Systems Policy Institute
Campbell Public Affairs Institute
Center for Aging and Policy Studies (CAPS)
Center for Environmental Policy and Administration
Center for Policy Research: The CPR, established in 1994, houses the Metropolitan Studies, Aging Studies programs, the Lerner Center for Public Health Promotion, and the Upstate Health Research Network.
Center for Qualitative and Multi-Method Inquiry
Institute for the Study of the Judiciary, Politics, and the Media: Co-sponsored with Syracuse Law and the S.I. Newhouse School of Public Communications.
Maxwell X Lab: Started in 2017, the "X Lab" bridges the gap between university research and the public and non-profit sectors. The research leverages behavioral science and randomized controlled trials to build evidence for what works. Syracuse University alumnus Joseph Boskovski started the Maxwell X Lab with Professor Leonard Lopoo, then-director of the Center for Policy Research at Maxwell, in January 2017, according to an article by writer Edy Semaan on the school's official news website. The Maxwell X Lab has worked with the Lerner Center for Public Health Promotion, the City of Syracuse, the Early Childhood Alliance, and others, covering areas like healthcare and education.
Moynihan Institute of Global Affairs: Established 2005 and named for Daniel Patrick Moynihan, studies challenges to the quality of governance worldwide.
Institute for Security Policy and Law, formerly known as the Institute for National Security and Counterterrorism
Joint and concurrent degrees
Master of Public Health, with SUNY Upstate Medical
Public Diplomacy, with the Newhouse School
Documentary Film and History, with the Newhouse School
Masters in Public Administration with School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS) at Johns Hopkins University
Maxwell maintains formal relationships with a number of American and global institutions, among them the Chinese Academy of Governance, East China Normal University, Fudan University, the Hertie School of Governance, the Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore, the Korea Development Institute, the Korea Institute of Public Administration, Moscow State University, Seoul National University, and Tsinghua University.
Online programs
Online Executive Master of Public Administration Program
The Maxwell School offers an online Executive Master of Public Administration degree for mid-career professionals. The curriculum requires 30 credits, includes live online classes and real-world learning opportunities, and can be completed in 15 months. Courses focus on mastery in leading and managing organizations with diverse stakeholders; formulating, implementing, and evaluating policy; and applying rigorous and evidence-based analysis to inform decision-making.
Rankings
Since 1995, the Maxwell School has been ranked the top graduate program for public affairs in the country in 11 out of the 12 times the rankings were administered by U.S. News & World Report. In 2022, the school ranked #1 in Public Management and Leadership, #2 in Nonprofit Management and Public Finance and Budgeting, #6 in the Environmental Policy and Management department, and six other sub-speciality ranked in the top 15.
In 2018, Foreign Policy magazine ranked the master's program in International Relations #16 in the world.
Notable alumni
Government and politics
John R. Bass, US Ambassador to Georgia, Turkey, and Afghanistan (BA '86)
John Berry, US Ambassador to Australia (MPA '81)
David Bing, Mayor, City of Detroit (MS '06 & JD '06)
Carolyn Bourdeaux, member, US House of Representatives (DPA '03)
Andrew R. Ciesla, Senator, State of New Jersey (MPA '76)
James B. Cunningham, Ambassador for Kabul, Afghanistan (BA '74)
Benjamin Diokno, Professor Emeritus at the University of the Philippines Diliman School of Economics and Department of Budget and Management secretary of the Philippines, 1998-2001 and 2016–present (PhD '81)
Kwabena Duffuor, Finance Minister of Ghana (MA '75)
Robert Duffy, New York Lieutenant Governor (MPA '98)
James E. Graves Jr., Federal Judge, United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit (MPA '81)
Stanley L. Greigg, former member of the U.S. House of Representatives from northwestern Iowa (MPA '56)
Ponatshego Kedikilwe, Vice President, Republic of Botswana (MPA '72)
Stephanie Miner, Mayor, Syracuse, NY (BA '92)
Mohammad Al Murr, Speaker, UAE Federal National Council (BA '78)
Bismark Myrick, former Ambassador to Liberia (MA '73)
Masahide Ota, Governor, Okinawa Prefecture (MA '56)
Matt Rhoades, American political consultant and strategist for the Republican National Committee (MPA '00)
Steve Rothman, member, US House of Representatives (BA '74)
Salvador del Solar, former Prime Minister of Peru (MA '02)
Donna Shalala, Member of the US House of Representatives and former Secretary of Health and Human Services (MPA '70 & PhD '70)
Arun Shourie, Indian politician and civil servant (PhD '66 & MA '65)
Lt. General Jay B. Silveria, twentieth Superintendent of the U.S. Air Force Academy. (MSS '97)
Christine Varney, former Antitrust Officer Department of Justice (MPA '78)
John P. White, Former Deputy Secretary, U.S. Department of Defense (PhD '69 & MPA '64)
Non-profit
Marc S. Ellenbogen, President, Prague Society for International Cooperation and Chairman, Global Panel Foundation (MIR '85)
Mark Emmert, President, NCAA (former President, University of Washington) (MPA '76, PhD '83)
Academia
Walter Broadnax, former President, Clark Atlanta University (PhD '75)
Kent John Chabotar, President, Guilford College (MPA '69 & PhD '73)
Michael Crow, President, Arizona State University (PhD '85)
Alice Stone Ilchman, President, Sarah Lawrence College (MPA'58)
William M. LeoGrande, former Dean, American University School of International Service (BA '71 & MA '73)
Sean O'Keefe, University Professor at the Maxwell School; former CEO, Airbus Group, Inc. (former Administrator of NASA and former Chancellor, Louisiana State University) (MPA '79)
Joseph Rallo, former President, Angelo State University and Vice Chancellor, Texas Tech University (MA '78 & PhD '80)
James F. Rinehart, Dean, Troy University, College of Arts and Sciences (MS '91 & PhD '93)
Kenneth P. Ruscio, President, Washington and Lee University (MPA '78 & PhD '83)
Mitchel B. Wallerstein, President, Baruch College (formerly 8th Dean of the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs) (MPA '72)
Private sector
Al-Waleed bin Talal, founder and CEO of Kingdom Holding Company, member of the Saudi Royal Family (MSSc '85)
References
External links
1924 establishments in New York (state)
Educational institutions established in 1924
Public administration schools in the United States
Public policy schools
Schools of international relations in the United States
Syracuse University
Jack Hale (born 22 May 1998) is an Australian sprinter. Hale was born in Hobart and was the winner of Australian national schools championships in the 100m sprint and long jump. In 2016, he broke the Australian under-20 100m sprint record with a time of 10.21s and finished 2nd in the 100m event at the Australian Athletics Championships.
He was a member of the Australian relay team which finished 4th at the 2018 Gold Coast Commonwealth Games, along with Rohan Browning, Joshua Clarke and Trae Williams.
In 2019, he finished 3rd in the 100m events at the Australian Athletics Championships and the Oceania Athletics Championships.
He set a personal best in the 100m of 10.12s (wind +1.5) at the Western Australian Athletics Stadium on 1 February 2020.
He was a member of the Australian relay team which failed to finish its heat at the 2022 Birmingham Commonwealth Games, along with Joshua Azzopardi, Jacob Despard, and Rohan Browning.
References
1998 births
Living people
Australian male sprinters
Sportspeople from Hobart
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Australia
20th-century Australian people
21st-century Australian people
Kenneth David Farragut, Jr. (December 23, 1928 – February 16, 2014) was an American football center. He played professionally in the National Football League (NFL) for the Philadelphia Eagles.
High school years
Born in Ponchatoula, Louisiana, Farragut moved with his family to Moss Point, Mississippi, where he became a star center and linebacker for his high school team and their coach, Tom Swayze. The team went undefeated in 1945, with Farragut as captain. As a senior in 1946, he earned all-state honors. When Swayze took an assistant coaching job at the University of Mississippi in 1947, Farragut followed him, becoming one of coach Johnny Vaught's first recruits.
College career
At U of M, Farragut was the team captain in 1950. Following his senior season in 1951, he was invited to play in the College All-Star Game in Chicago.
Professional career
Farragut was drafted in the sixth round (68th overall) of the 1951 NFL Draft by the Philadelphia Eagles, where he played center from 1951 to 1954. He was named to the Pro Bowl in 1953.
Legacy
Farragut was selected to Ole Miss Hall of Fame in 1988 and the Pennsylvania Hall of Fame 1992. He was the recipient of the NFL Alumni Career Achievement Award 1992.
Personal life and death
Retiring from football in 1954, Farragut remained in Philadelphia and eventually began a successful roofing company. His son David took over as CEO in 1997. Farragut died from complications of diabetes in February 2014. He was 85. He was survived by his wife Jane and their three children.
References
1928 births
2014 deaths
American football centers
Ole Miss Rebels football players
Philadelphia Eagles players
Eastern Conference Pro Bowl players
People from Moss Point, Mississippi
People from Ponchatoula, Louisiana
Players of American football from Mississippi
The PMK gas mask represents a family of gas masks used by the Soviet Armed Forces, and later by the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation. It can be distinguished from its civilian counterpart, the GP-7, by its rounded triangular lenses, versus the GP-7's circular lenses.
Filtering
The original PMK mounted the filter on only the left side of the mask. However, the filter could be mounted on both sides on the PMK-2 and later models. The filters themselves are designed to filter out toxic or radioactive vapors or aerosols, as well as biological agents. Although the filters are similar to and have the same 40 mm GOST threads as the GP-5 gas mask, they are a slightly different design, having a sloping top with ridges stamped into the metal.
Drinking system
The PMK gas mask contains a drinking tube, allowing soldiers wearing the mask to rehydrate without removing the mask itself. The system consists of a special canteen cap, which will only allow water to flow through when connected to the tube leading to the mask. This system is compatible with standard type m drinking systems.
Appearance
Early versions of the PMK have the trim around the lenses and over the voice diaphragm painted black. Later versions have the metal components of the mask left unpainted. The rubber parts of the mask are always black.
Civilian ownership
Older versions of the PMK can be easily acquired through sites such as eBay.
References
http://www.armygasmasks.com/Russian-GP-7VM-PMK-2-Gas-Mask-p/aaagas-44.htm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tga13gYcp9A
Gas masks of the Soviet Union
Military equipment of Russia
Military equipment introduced in the 1980s
Wiener Neustadt is a city located south of Vienna.
Other articles
Wiener Neustadt East Airport
Wiener Neustadt West Airport
Wiener Neustadt Canal
Wiener Neustadt Hauptbahnhof
Wiener Neustadt Island
Wiener Neustadt-Land District
Wiener Neustädter Lokomotivfabrik
Bombing of Wiener Neustadt in World War II
Burg Wiener Neustadt
Diocese of Wiener Neustadt
Peace Treaty of Wiener Neustadt
SC Wiener Neustadt
Siege of Wiener Neustadt
Stadion Wiener Neustadt
University of Applied Sciences Wiener Neustadt
A penumbral lunar eclipse took place on Thursday, 18 August 2016. It was the second of three lunar eclipses in 2016. This was 3.7 days before the Moon reached perigee. There are multiple ways to determine the boundaries of Earth's shadow, so this was a miss according to some sources. The HM National Almanac Office's online canon of eclipses lists this event as the last eclipse on Saros Series 109, while NASA lists August 8, 1998 as the last eclipse of the series, and has this event missing the shadow.
Background
The Earth's penumbral shadow is larger than would be expected from simple geometry, a phenomenon first observed by Philippe de La Hire in 1707. The precise amount of enlargement varies over time for reasons which are not fully understood, but likely involve the amount of dust in certain layers of the Earth's atmosphere. Various eclipse almanacs have used different assumptions about the magnitude of this effect, resulting in disagreement about the predicted duration of lunar eclipses or, in the case of penumbral eclipses of very short duration, whether the eclipse will occur at all.
In 1989, NASA published a lunar eclipse almanac that predicted a short penumbral lunar eclipse to occur on 18 August 2016. However, the French almanac Connaissance des Temps used more conservative assumptions about the size of the Earth's shadow and did not predict an eclipse to occur at all. The Bureau des Longitudes in France continued to refine their lunar eclipse models; NASA's 2009 edition of its lunar eclipse almanac was based on their values, which effectively reclassified nine eclipses between 1801 and 2300 as non-events, including the one in August 2016.
Some resources, including the HM Nautical Almanac Office's online canon of eclipses, continued to list the 18 August 2016 event. Despite not appearing in NASA's printed lists of eclipses since the 2009 revision, AccuWeather reported the upcoming eclipse and projected this was the final member of Lunar Saros 109.
Visibility
This eclipse grazed the northern boundary of the Earth's penumbral shadow. The event lasted 33 minutes and 36 seconds, beginning at 9:25 UTC and ending at 9:59. This produced a maximum penumbral magnitude of 0.0166. Eclipses of such small magnitudes are visually imperceptible; a penumbral magnitude of approximately 0.6 is required for even skilled observers to detect.
Related eclipses
Eclipses of 2016
A total solar eclipse on 9 March.
A penumbral lunar eclipse on 23 March.
A penumbral lunar eclipse on 18 August.
An annular solar eclipse on 1 September.
A penumbral lunar eclipse on 16 September.
Two other penumbral lunar eclipses occurred in 2016, they were on 23 March and 16 September.
Lunar year series
Saros series
According to some sources, this was the last lunar eclipse of Saros cycle 109, and was eclipse 72 in that series. There are many ways to determine the boundaries of Earth's shadow. One model was revised and this eclipse was classified a non-event by that model. Some eclipse sites decided to follow those calculations which meant Saros 109 now includes 71 events, with the last occurring on 8 August 1998.
See also
List of lunar eclipses
List of 21st-century lunar eclipses
October 2042 lunar eclipse
July 2027 lunar eclipse
Notes
References
Bibliography
2016-08
2016 in science
August 2016 events
Donald Alexander Downs (born December 2, 1948) is an American political science professor at the University of Wisconsin-Madison known for his work on the First Amendment.
Education
Downs received his B.A. from Cornell University and his Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley.
Career
Downs has taught at the University of Michigan and the University of Notre Dame and is currently Professor of Political Science, Law, and Journalism at UW-Madison and a Research Fellow at the Independent Institute. Downs has published many scholarly articles and books on the politics underlying central controversies in free speech, with a particular interest in recent years in academic freedom.
Downs is a co-founder of the Committee for Academic Freedom and Rights (CAFAR), and often speaks publicly in defense of academic freedom both at the University of Wisconsin–Madison and beyond.
In 2010 Downs was named the Alexander Meiklejohn Professor of Political Science at UW-Madison. He is also an affiliate professor of Law and Journalism at the University.
In 2012, Downs' book (co-authored by Ilia Murtazashvili) Arms and the University: Military Presence and the Civic Education of Non-Military Students. The book explores the historical and present relationship between the military and higher education, and argues that an appropriate presence of the military in the form of ROTC, military history courses, and strategic security studies expands the liberal and civic education of all students, and broadens the university's intellectual horizon.
Downs is a co-founder and present director of the Wisconsin Center for the Study of Liberal Democracy. The Center is dedicated to the understanding and critical evaluation of the central principles, policies, and practices of free societies, and to promoting genuine intellectual diversity on campus.
Downs is the faculty advisor of the Alexander Hamilton Society student chapter at UW-Madison. The Hamilton Society is a national student organization dedicated to discussing and debating important foreign policy and national security issues, and with thinking about the ways in which America can play a constructive role in international affairs.
He serves as a non-voting adviser on the Board of Directors of The Badger Herald, a student newspaper at UW-Madison.
Downs signed an open letter with other prominent academics, journalists, and politicians which both supported legally recognizing same-sex marriages and also called for respect for the rights of those who continue to oppose it.
Key scholarly works
References
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Cornell University alumni
University of Notre Dame faculty
University of Michigan faculty
American political scientists
University of Wisconsin–Madison faculty
1948 births
Living people
People from Beaver Dam, Wisconsin
Jane Robinson is a costume designer.
Robinson has received three Emmy awards: an Outstanding costume for a Series award for Jennie: Lady Randolph Churchill (1976) and two Outstanding Costumes for a Miniseries, Movie, or Special awards for Anastasia (1987) and Poor Little Rich Girl: The Barbara Hutton Story (1988). She has also received a British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) Television Craft award for Costume Design and an Emmy nomination for her work in Brideshead Revisited (1982)n.
Robinson was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Costume Design for her work on A Handful of Dust (1988).
References
External links
British costume designers
Women costume designers
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
Primetime Emmy Award winners
BAFTA winners (people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Election Commission of India's Model Code of Conduct in Hindi achar sanchita is a set of guidelines issued by the Election Commission of India for the conduct of political parties and candidates during elections mainly with respect to speeches, polling day, polling booths, portfolios, election manifestos, processions, and general conduct. This set of norms has been evolved with the consensus of political parties who have consented to abide by the principles embodied in the said code in its letter and spirit. The Model Code of Conduct comes into force immediately on the announcement of the election schedule by the commission for the need of ensuring free and fair elections. Its main purpose is to ensure that ruling parties, at the Centre and in the States, do not misuse their position of advantage to gain an unfair edge. It is designed to avert practices that are deemed corrupt under the model code of conduct. For example, politicians should not make hate speeches, put one community against another, invoke religion or make promises about new projects that may sway a voter.
For the 2019 Indian general election the code came into force on 10 March 2019 when the Commission announced the dates and remains in force till the end of the electoral process.
Highlights
The main points of the code of conduct are:
The government may not lay any new ground for projects or public initiatives once the Model Code of Conduct comes into force.
Government bodies are not to participate in any recruitment process during the electoral process.
The contesting candidates and their campaigners must respect the home life of their rivals and should not disturb them by holding roadshows or demonstrations in front of their houses. The code tells the candidates to keep it away.
The election campaign rallies and roadshows must not hinder the road traffic.
Political parties and candidates should refrain from any activity which may aggravate existing differences or create mutual hatred or cause tension between different castes and communities, religious or linguistic or otherwise. Asking for votes in the name of religion is also frowned upon.
Candidates are asked to refrain from distributing liquor to voters. It is a widely known fact in India that during election campaigning, liquor may be distributed to the voters.
The election code in force hinders the government or ruling party leaders from launching new welfare programs like the construction of roads, provision of drinking water facilities, etc., or any ribbon-cutting ceremonies.
The code instructs that public spaces like meeting grounds, helipads, government guest houses, and bungalows should be equally shared among the contesting candidates. These public spaces should not be monopolized by a few candidates.
On polling day, all party candidates should cooperate with the poll-duty officials at the voting booths for an orderly voting process. Candidates should not display their election symbols near and around the poll booths on the polling day. No one should enter the booths without a valid pass from the Election Commission.
There will be poll observers to whom any complaints can be reported or submitted.
The ruling party should not use its seat of power for campaign purposes.
The ruling party ministers should not make any ad-hoc appointments of officials, which may influence the voters to vote in favor of the party in power.
Before using loudspeakers during their poll campaigning, candidates and political parties must obtain permission or license from the local authorities. The candidates should inform the local police for conducting election rallies to enable the police authorities to make required security arrangements.
References
MODEL CODE OF CONDUCT FOR THE GUIDANCE OF POLITICAL PARTIES AND CANDIDATES
Elections in India
Codes of conduct
NEXUS: The Kingdom of the Winds (), alternately known as Nexus TK or simply Nexus, is a pay to play MMORPG, currently run in the United States by Kru Interactive. Nexus began as a US version of the Korean game 바람의 나라 (Baramue Nara, or simply Baram) developed by NEXON Inc. of Korea, and is loosely based on Korean mythology and on a series of graphic novels by an artist named Kim Jin. Development of Baram began in Korea in 1994 and the game was released on April 5, 1996. One year later, it also entered beta in the United States, going commercial in 1998. In 2005, the US subsidiary of NEXON changed its name to Kru Interactive and took over running Nexus, Dark Ages, and Shattered Galaxy as an independent company. Most of the employees of the subsidiary were laid off but the management remained the same as it was when the company was a subsidiary of NEXON.
A few features that distinguish Nexus from other MMORPGs are its 2D tile graphics, intense player involvement, a central storyline, and its manhwa-like style. The highly popular game Lineage was based on a fork of the Nexus server software; its developer, Jake Song, was one of the original developers of Baram. Nexon pioneered distributed game servers in 1999 and set a record of 12,263 simultaneous users in a single world.
Setting
NexusTK is set in a land similar, geographically, to the Three Kingdoms of Korea. Other lands such as Han and Ilbon, though not present in the game itself, are often referenced. In addition to the three kingdoms, there are nine villages in which a player may live. Three exist for each kingdom, containing houses which players may rent for a fee. Homes may be customized as a player sees fit using "floor plans" offered for homes of different sizes.
Koguryo
Koguryo is loosely based on an historical kingdom of Korea (Goguryeo) and was the first cultural center of NexusTK. Koguryo, whose capital city is Kugnae, is home to the Chongun, Spy, Merchant, Diviner, and Monk player subpaths. Kugnae is the largest city in the Nexus. King Dongmyeong of Koguryo, also known by his birth name Jumong, was the founding monarch of Koguryo, the northernmost of the Three Kingdoms of Korea. The capital city of Koguryo is Kugnae. The Kingdom is now ruled by King Mu-Hyool, son of the late King Yuri (son of Jumong), and several clans reside within the Kingdom and swear loyalty to King Mhul. These include (chronologically), SunMoon Clan, Bear Clan, Enigma Clan, Oceana Clan, Destiny Clan and Tiger Clan. The Kingdom also is home to the Royal Koguryian Army and the Royal Ministry of Koguryo. The official call of the Koguryians is "Onwards, Azure Koguryo".
Buya
The Empire of Buya is loosely based upon the historical kingdom of Buyeo. Onjo, the youngest son of Jumong, was the founding monarch of Baekje or the Empire of Buya (including Buya itself). It is currently ruled by Emperor SenShi and his daughter Lasahn. In NexusTK history, it was a small village that grew into a flourishing empire. It is ruled by Queen Lasahn. Several clans swear their loyalty to Queen Lasahn, including (chronologically), Heavens Clan, Phoenix Clan, LostKingdom Clan, Dharma Clan and SanSin Clan. The Empire is also home to the Buyan Imperial Army and the Imperial Ministry of Buya.
Nagnang
The Kingdom of Nagnang was ruled by the late Prince Kija, who was supported by the Legion of Nagnang (Nagnang Army). But sadly he was murdered and the Sovereign Ministry of Nagnang and his brother who is the last prince of the Royal Family ChaeRi, was running the lands for some time before being dethroned in The Summer of Hyul 100. By an Evil Powerful Tribe. This Evil Powerful Tribe has tried killing King Mhul of Koguryo. They're the ones controlling Nagnang currently. The Shaman subpath resides in Nagnang along with several clans of its own including Alizarin, Covenant (formally the Nagnang Army), Forsaken, K'urimja, Pegasus, Silla, and Viper.
Wilderness
The Wilderness is a broad expanse owned by no one. It is home to a large number of creatures, locations, and natural resources. The Barbarian, Geomancer, Druid and Ranger subpaths reside here.
Character development
NexusTK has a flexible character development system. There are four "basic" paths to choose from: warrior, rogue, mage, and poet. Each of which has one non-player-controlled subpath and three player-controlled subpaths. When a player reaches a certain level, he may also choose one of three alignments; Kwi-Sin, Ohaeng or Ming-ken (symbolizing death, balance or life respectively).
The four basic paths players are able to choose from each have their own styles of play. Warriors and rogues, while both are damage dealers, work in slightly different ways. For example, rogues may go invisible while warriors cannot but warriors have the ability to "overflow" their attacks to multiple monsters while rogues cannot. Mages are excellent for soloing with their ability to paralyze creatures from moving. The poet class has as its disposal the most powerful healing spells as well as buffs and debuffs to strengthen allies and weaken creatures.
Additionally-- each basic path has 3 PC (Player-controlled) subpaths and 1 NPC (non-player controlled) path.
Warriors: NPC: Chung-Ryong PC: Barbarian, Chongun, and Do
Rogues: NPC: Baekho PC: Merchant, Spy, and Ranger
Mages: NPC: Ju Jak PC: Diviner, Shaman, and Geomancer
Poets: NPC: Hyun-moo PC: Monk, Druid, and Muse
The player can choose a totem animal. It's a supernatural creature who are patrons of the primary paths. They are Chung Ryong (blue dragon), Ju Jak (red fire bird), Baekho (white tiger), and Hyun Moo (black turtle). They are based on Four Symbols in the Chinese constellations. Chung Ryong means the Azure Dragon, Ju Jak means the Vermilion Bird, Baekho means the White Tiger, and Hyun Moo means the Black Tortoise.
Leveling up is not the only aspect of character development, however. Nexus:TKOTW has a very tight-knit social structure, and has many different social cliques. Sometimes a positive, sometimes a negative, Nexus′ community has been the lifeblood of the game to many. Unlike many other MMORPGs, in NexusTK most players are known by others and are treated with a general amount of respect by the average player.
Like in nearly every MMORPG, there are different armor dyes, armor types, hair choices, hair colors, and character models to choose from. There are also many different types of weapons, some players choose to wear items that assemble a certain 'look' that defines who that character is. Others simply choose to wear functional outfits, and still others choose to display wealth by having many expensive items on.
Unlike many other RPGs, character development does not end when the level cap (level 99) is reached. Players can continue to hunt and gain experience, which can then be traded in for permanent gains in health, mana, strength (with cap), magic (with cap) and agility (with cap) capacities.
Social and political structure
Perhaps the most distinctive feature of Nexus TK is its tightly knit social architecture and ability for players to rise to prominence in important community roles. Guilds (known as clans) cannot be freely created, and come into being through a months-long process in which the clan's leadership and growing membership pass numerous in-game trials to prove their worth. Since the game went online, only 19 clans have been founded. Clans are rewarded with custom locations, NPCs and items in-game. Each class (known as a path) has three player-led sub-paths, each with its own council of dedicated players. Like clans, sub-paths have special abilities, locations, NPCs, and items, and are entirely player-controlled.
Even the game itself is partially player-run. There are a very small number of Game Masters (often one) in charge of the game, and a much larger number of staff-elected players known as "Archons" controlling game affairs. Players also run the in-game justice system, a class-based tutelage system, in-game PVP events, and even, to a small extent, the kingdoms themselves. It is not rare for prominent players to hold such positions for as long as a decade. Players in positions of power and players who are not often find themselves at odds, and throughout the game's history there have been many accusations of nepotism and unfair treatment. All community roles are somewhat heavily steeped in roleplay within the numerous interwoven player-written canons for each clan and subpath.
Reception
, the game has over registered users worldwide. It is the longest-running graphic MMORPG, having been in service for over 24 years.
References
External links
Official site
Nexus: The Kingdom Of The Winds
Kru Interactive
NexusTk Facebook
Fan Websites
Nexus Atlas
Stat Addict
Ixeus' formula page
1996 video games
Massively multiplayer online role-playing games
Nexon
Video games developed in South Korea
Windows games
Windows-only games
The Chahed Cabinet is the 29th government of the Tunisian Republic, which was declared on 20 August 2016. The Government was approved on 27 August 2016 by a majority of 167 of total 217 legislators of Tunisia's Assembly of the Representatives of the People.The unity government consists of 26 ministers and 14 secretaries of state and includes independents, members of Nidaa Tounes, Ennahdha, Afek Tounes, Al-Massar, Al Joumhouri, El Moubadra, Democratic Alliance.
Cabinet members
References
Chahed
Cabinets established in 2016
2016 in Tunisian politics
2016 establishments in Tunisia
Cabinets disestablished in 2020
2020 disestablishments in Tunisia
is a Japanese medical equipment manufacturing company. Founded in 1954, the company is headquartered in Osaka and is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange and the Osaka Securities Exchange.
As of 2013 the company has 58 subsidiaries in Japan, Asia, North and South America and Europe.
Business units and products
Medical products
Renal products
Injection and infusion products
Intervention and anesthesiology products
Cardiopulmonary products
Diabetic care products
Pharmaceutical products
Generic drugs
Pharmaceutical kit products
Glass products
Glass tubes
Vials, ampoules, syringes, cartridges
Glass bulbs for vacuum flasks
Vial, syringe, ampoule manufacturing machines
References
External links
Official website
Medical device manufacturers
Medical technology companies of Japan
Manufacturing companies based in Osaka
Companies listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Companies listed on the Osaka Exchange
Health care companies established in 1954
Japanese companies established in 1954
Japanese brands
Manufacturing companies established in 1954
The Camden Riot of 1971 was a public disorder in Camden, New Jersey that occurred following the death of a Puerto Rican motorist at the hands of white police officers. When the officers were not charged, Hispanic residents took to the streets and called for the suspension of those involved. The officers were ultimately charged, but remained on the job and tensions soon flared. On August 20, riots erupted and fifteen major fires were set before order was restored. Ninety people were injured and city officials ended up suspending the officers, who were later acquitted by a jury.
The day following the riot, Mayor Joseph M. Nardi Jr. declared a state of emergency and imposed a curfew from 8 P.M. to 7 A.M..
See also
List of incidents of civil unrest in the United States
References
1971 in New Jersey
1971 riots
Riots and civil disorder in New Jersey
Hispanic and Latino American riots in the United States
History of Camden, New Jersey
North Dakota was admitted to the Union on November 2, 1889, and elects U.S. senators to Class 1 and Class 3. Its current senators in Congress are Republicans John Hoeven (since 2011) and Kevin Cramer (since 2019). Milton Young was North Dakota's longest-serving senator (1945–1981).
List of senators
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| November 2, 1889 –November 25, 1889
|
| rowspan=3 | 1
|
| rowspan=2 | 1
|
| November 2, 1889 –November 25, 1889
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|-
! rowspan=2 | 1
| rowspan=2 align=left | Lyman R. Casey
| rowspan=2 | Republican
| rowspan=2 nowrap | November 25, 1889 –March 4, 1893
| rowspan=2 | Elected in 1889.Lost renomination.
| Elected in 1889.Lost re-election.
| nowrap | November 25, 1889 –March 3, 1891
| | Republican
| align=right | Gilbert A. Pierce
! 1
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 2
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1891.
| rowspan=9 nowrap | March 4, 1891 –March 4, 1909
| rowspan=9 | Republican
| rowspan=9 align=right | Henry C. Hansbrough
! rowspan=9 | 2
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 2
| rowspan=3 align=left | William N. Roach
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1893 –March 4, 1899
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1893.
Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 2
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 3
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1897.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=16 | 3
| rowspan=16 align=left | Porter J. McCumber
| rowspan=16 | Republican
| rowspan=16 nowrap | March 4, 1899 –March 4, 1923
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1899.
| rowspan=3 | 3
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 4
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1903.Lost renomination.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=7 | Re-elected in 1905.
| rowspan=7 | 4
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=7 | 5
| Elected in 1909.Died.
| nowrap | March 4, 1909 –October 21, 1909
| | Republican
| align=right | Martin N. Johnson
! 3
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | October 21, 1909 –November 10, 1909
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to continue Johnson's term.Resigned.
| nowrap | November 10, 1909 –January 31, 1910
| | Democratic
| align=right | Fountain L. Thompson
! 4
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to continue Johnson's term.Lost election to finish Johnson's term.
| nowrap | February 1, 1910 –February 1, 1911
| | Democratic
| align=right | William E. Purcell
! 5
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1911 to finish Johnson's term, but didn't qualify until resigning from the U.S. House.
| rowspan=6 nowrap | February 2, 1911 –March 3, 1921
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 align=right | Asle Gronna
! rowspan=6 | 6
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1911.
| rowspan=3 | 5
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 6
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1914.Lost renomination.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1916.Lost renomination.
| rowspan=3 | 6
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 7
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1920.Died.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1921 –June 22, 1925
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | Edwin F. Ladd
! rowspan=3 | 7
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=11 | 4
| rowspan=11 align=left | Lynn Frazier
| rowspan=11 | Republican(NPL)
| rowspan=11 nowrap | March 4, 1923 –January 3, 1941
| rowspan=5 | Elected in 1922.
| rowspan=5 | 7
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | June 22, 1925 –November 14, 1925
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to continue Ladd's term.Elected in 1926 to finish Ladd's term.
| rowspan=10 nowrap | November 14, 1925 –January 3, 1945
| rowspan=10 | Republican
| rowspan=10 align=right | Gerald Nye
! rowspan=10 | 8
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 8
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1926.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1928.
| rowspan=3 | 8
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 9
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1932.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1934.Lost renomination.
| rowspan=3 | 9
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 10
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1938.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=12 | 5
| rowspan=12 align=left | William Langer
| rowspan=12 | Republican(NPL)
| rowspan=12 nowrap | January 3, 1941 –November 8, 1959
| rowspan=5 | Elected in 1940.
| rowspan=5 | 10
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 11
| Elected in 1944.Died.
| nowrap | January 3, 1945 –March 3, 1945
| | Democratic
| align=right | John Moses
! 9
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | March 3, 1945 –March 12, 1945
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Appointed to continue Moses's term.Elected in 1946 to finish Moses's term.
| rowspan=21 nowrap | March 12, 1945 –January 3, 1981
| rowspan=21 | Republican
| rowspan=21 align=right | Milton Young
! rowspan=21 | 10
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1946.
| rowspan=3 | 11
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 12
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1950.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1952.
| rowspan=3 | 12
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=6 | 13
| rowspan=6 | Re-elected in 1956.
|- style="height:2em"
| Re-elected in 1958.Died.
| rowspan=6 | 13
|
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | November 8, 1959 –November 19, 1959
|
|- style="height:2em"
! 6
| align=left | Norman Brunsdale
| | Republican
| nowrap | November 19, 1959 –August 7, 1960
| Appointed to continue Langer's term.Retired when successor elected.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=17 | 7
| rowspan=17 align=left | Quentin Burdick
| rowspan=17 | Democratic–NPL
| rowspan=17 nowrap | August 8, 1960 –September 8, 1992
| rowspan=3 | Elected to finish Langer's term.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 14
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1962.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1964.
| rowspan=3 | 14
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 15
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1968.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1970.
| rowspan=3 | 15
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 16
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1974.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1976.
| rowspan=3 | 16
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 17
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1980.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 1981 –January 3, 1987
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | Mark Andrews
! rowspan=3 | 11
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1982.
| rowspan=3 | 17
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=6 | 18
| rowspan=5 | Elected in 1986.Retired, then resigned early when elected to the other Senate seat.
| rowspan=5 nowrap | January 3, 1987 –December 14, 1992
| rowspan=5 | Democratic–NPL
| rowspan=5 align=right | Kent Conrad
! rowspan=5 | 12
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 | Re-elected in 1988.Died.
| rowspan=6 | 18
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | September 8, 1992 –September 16, 1992
|
|- style="height:2em"
! 8
| align=left | Jocelyn Burdick
| | Democratic–NPL
| nowrap | September 16, 1992 –December 14, 1992
| Appointed to continue her husband's term.Retired when successor elected.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=11 | 9
| rowspan=11 align=left | Kent Conrad
| rowspan=11 | Democratic–NPL
| rowspan=11 nowrap | December 14, 1992 –January 3, 2013
| rowspan=2 | Elected to finish Burdick's term.
| Appointed to finish Conrad's term, having already been elected to the next term.
| rowspan=10 nowrap | December 15, 1992 –January 3, 2011
| rowspan=10 | Democratic–NPL
| rowspan=10 align=right | Byron Dorgan
! rowspan=10 | 13
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 19
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1992.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1994.
| rowspan=3 | 19
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 20
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1998.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2000.
| rowspan=3 | 20
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 21
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2004.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2006.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 21
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 22
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2010.
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 2011 –Present
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 align=right | John Hoeven
! rowspan=6 | 14
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 10
| rowspan=3 align=left | Heidi Heitkamp
| rowspan=3 | Democratic–NPL
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 2013 –January 3, 2019
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2012.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 22
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 23
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2016.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 11
| rowspan=3 align=left | Kevin Cramer
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 2019 –Present
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2018.
| rowspan=3 | 23
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=2 | 24
| rowspan=2 colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2022 election.
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2024 election.
| 24
|
Living former senators
, there are three living former U.S. senators from North Dakota. The most recent senator to die was Mark Andrews (served 1981–1987) on October 3, 2020. The most recently serving senator to die was Jocelyn Burdick (served 1992) on December 26, 2019.
Superlatives (top 5)
Longest service
Shortest service
Youngest at beginning of service
Oldest at end of service
Notes
References
See also
List of United States representatives from North Dakota
United States congressional delegations from North Dakota
List
Unite States Senators
North Dakota
The 1996 CONCACAF Gold Cup Final was a football match to determine the winners of the 1996 CONCACAF Gold Cup. The match was held at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in Los Angeles, United States, on 21 January 1996 and was contested by the winners of the semi-finals, Brazil and Mexico. Mexico, who had won 1993 CONCACAF Gold Cup, successfully defended their title with a 2–0 win over Brazil. As Gold Cup champions, Mexico earned a berth into the 1997 FIFA Confederations Cup in Saudi Arabia as the representative from CONCACAF.
The final was Mexico's second in Gold Cup history, while it was the Brazil's first final, and the first for a non-CONCACAF team to be invited for the tournament and make it to the final.
Route to the final
Match
References
Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup finals
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
Mexico national football team matches
Brazil national football team matches
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
Exposition Park (Los Angeles neighborhood)
Events in the year 2011 in Russia.
Incumbents
President of Russia – Dmitry Medvedev (United Russia)
Prime Minister of Russia – Vladimir Putin (United Russia)
Events
January 1 - Kolavia Flight 348: Four people are killed and around 40 injured after a passenger plane explodes in Surgut in eastern Russia.
January 22 - At least two people are killed in a blaze at a shopping centre in the southwest Russian city of Ufa.
January 24 - 2011 Domodedovo International Airport bombing: At least 35 people are killed and 130 injured after a suicide bombing at Domodedovo International Airport in the Russian capital Moscow.
January 26 - Russian President Dmitry Medvedev fires top airport security officials, two days after the suicide bombing at Moscow's Domodedovo International Airport.
February 9 - Serial blasts rock Russia's Grozny, at least five people are wounded.
February 28 - Rosatom, the Russian state nuclear energy corporation, explains that the Bushehr Nuclear Power Plant has been delayed in opening due to damage to the nuclear reactor's cooling pumps.
March 1 - As part of the Russian police reform, the Russian law enforcers' name was changed from "Militsiya" (militia) to "Politsiya" (police).
March 27 - Russia switching to permanent daylight saving time (DST) under a decree President Dmitry Medvedev signed a month earlier.
May 2 - The UN Security Council fails to agree a statement to condemn the killing of Syrian protesters, as Russia and China block a statement proposed by Britain, France, Germany and Portugal that would have condemned the violence, which has led to hundreds of dead, and backed calls for an independent investigation.
May 4 - Russian security forces kill Doger Sevdet, an al-Qaeda emissary who fought alongside Chechen insurgents, in the northern Caucasus region of Russia.
May 6 - Russia launches an urgent rescue mission after the nuclear-powered icebreaker Taymyr in its fleet develops a nuclear leak in the frozen seas of the Arctic and was forced to abandon its mission.
May 6 - A court in Russia sentences ultranationalist Nikita Tikhonov to life imprisonment for the murder of human rights lawyer Stanislav Markelov and journalist Anastasia Baburova in 2009.
May 19 - The Eurasian Economic Community, led by Russia, offers Belarus a $3 billion bailout package.
May 30 - Documents discovered in a Russian archive suggest that Adolf Hitler ordered Rudolf Hess to go to the United Kingdom to negotiate with Winston Churchill over a World War II peace deal in 1941.
June 2 - 42 people are injured and 13,000 people evacuated from settlements in Russia's Udmurt Republic following an ammo depot fire.
June 3 - 57 people are injured, and 28,000 people have been forced to evacuate, following an explosion at an army munitions depot in Russia's western Ural Mountains region.
July 20 - Beer is legally reclassified from a foodstuff to an alcoholic drink so that its sale will be more strongly controlled.
September 7 - 2011 Lokomotiv Yaroslavl plane crash: A Yak Service Yak-42 carrying the KHL hockey team Lokomotiv Yaroslavl crashes near Yaroslavl, Russia, killing 44.
Popular culture
Sports
January 5 - Russia men's national junior ice hockey team won the 2011 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships.
May - The Russian professional basketball team UNICS Kazan wins the Eurocup Basketball competition.
Births
Notable deaths
January
January 1 -
Nikolay Abramov, 26, Russian footballer.
George Alexandrovich Ball, 83, Russian writer.
January 4 - Chrysanth Chepil, 73, Russian Orthodox prelate, Metropolitan of Vyatka-Slobodskoy.
January 6 - Pyotr Sumin, 64, Russian politician, Governor of Chelyabinsk Oblast (1996–2010).
January 31 - Nikolay Dorizo, 87, Russian poet.
February
February 3 - Tatyana Shmyga, 82, Russian operetta singer and film actress (Hussar Ballad), People's Artist of the USSR, vascular disease.
February 24 - Sergei Nikitich Kovalev, 91, Russian designer of nuclear submarines.
February 25 - Valery Bezruchenko, 70, Russian clarinetist and music teacher.
March
March 4 - Mikhail Simonov, 81, Russian aircraft designer, chief designer of the Sukhoi Design Bureau (1983–2011), after long illness.
March 13 - Vitaly Vulf, 80, Russian theater critic and television host.
March 14 - Eduard Gushchin, 70, Russian Olympic bronze medal-winning (1968) athlete.
March 21 - Nikolai Andrianov, 58, Russian gymnast, most medaled athlete at the 1976 Summer Olympics, after long illness.
March 25 - Pavel Leonov, 90, Russian naïve artist.
March 26 - Alexander Barykin, 59, Russian musician, heart attack.
March 30 - Lyudmila Gurchenko, 75, Russian film actress and singer, People's Artist of the USSR.
March 31 - Vassili Kononov, 88, Russian military veteran and war criminal.
April
April 1 - George Gryaznov, 77, Russian Orthodox Archbishop of Chelyabinsk and Zlatoust (1989–1996), stroke.
April 3 - Yevgeny Lyadin, 84, Russian footballer.
April 6 - Igor Birman, 85, Russian-born American writer and economist.
April 10 - Mikhail Rusyayev, 46, Russian footballer.
April 27 - Igor Kon, 82, Russian philosopher, psychologist and sexologist.
April 28 - Yulia Rumyantseva, 42, Russian editor and film producer, suicide by jumping.
April 29 - Vladimir Krainev, 67, Russian pianist, People's Artist of the USSR, aortic aneurysm.
May
May 2 -
Alexander Lazarev, 73, Russian actor.
Leonid Abalkin, 80, Russian economist.
May 8 - Galina Urbanovich, 93, Russian Olympic gold and silver medal-winning (1952) gymnast.
May 19 - Vladimir Ryzhkin, 80, Russian Olympic gold medal-winning (1956) footballer.
May 22 - Nina Yablonskaya, 46, Russian businesswoman and beauty salon director.
June
June 7 - Maksud Sadikov, 48, Russian Islamic scholar and theologian, shot.
June 10 - Yuri Budanov, 47, Russian military officer and war criminal, shot.
June 15 - Pavel Stolbov, 81, Russian gymnast, 1956 Olympic gold medalist.
June 18 - Yelena Bonner, 88, Russian human rights activist, after long illness.
June 20 -
Magomet Isayev, 83, Russian Esperantist, translator and linguist.
Vladimir Pettay, 38, Russian football referee, plane crash.
June 23 - Vladislav Achalov, 65, Russian general and activist.
July
July 7 - Yuri Kukin, 78, Russian singer-songwriter.
July 14 - Vladimir Kosinsky, 66, Russian swimmer, 1968 Olympic silver and bronze medalist.
July 19 - Karen Khachaturian, 90, Russian composer.
July 21 - Yevgeny Lopatin, 93, Russian Olympic silver medal-winning (1952) weightlifter.
July 22 - Dmitri Furman, 68, Russian historian and philosopher, after long illness.
July 27 - Eduard Rozovsky, 84, Russian cinematographer (Amphibian Man, White Sun of the Desert), car accident.
August
August 2 -
Asadullo Gulomov, 58, Tajik politician, Deputy Prime Minister (since 2006).
Andrey Kapitsa, 80, Russian geographer and explorer, discovered and named Lake Vostok.
August 3 - Nikolai Arnoldovich Petrov, 68, Russian pianist.
August 14 - Yekaterina Golubeva, 44, Russian actress.
August 27 - Iya Savvina, 75, Russian actress, People's Artist of the USSR.
August 30 - Alla Bayanova, 97, Russian singer, People's Artist of Russia, cancer.
August 31 - Valery Rozhdestvensky, 72, Soviet cosmonaut.
September
September 29 -
Tatyana Lioznova, 87, Russian film director (Seventeen Moments of Spring), People's Artist of the USSR.
Vera Popkova, 68, Russian athlete, Olympic bronze medalist (1968).
December
December 24 - Vitaly Tseshkovsky, 67, Russian chess Grandmaster.
See also
List of Russian films of 2011
References
Years of the 21st century in Russia
2010s in Russia
Russia
Russia
Russia
The Hutt Expressway (often erroneously referred to as the Hutt Motorway) is a 3-4 lane divided highway running from the Wellington Urban Motorway at Ngauranga, past Lower Hutt and central Upper Hutt, to the intersection with Fergusson Drive in Maoribank in north-eastern Upper Hutt. State Highway 2 officially continues north of Maoribank to Te Mārua, Kaitoke, and over the Rimutaka Hill to Wairarapa, but this section is two lanes undivided and is covered in the main State Highway 2 article. The names Hutt Expressway and Hutt Motorway are not official, and actually refers to three different roads: Hutt Road from the Ngauranga Interchange to the Petone Overbridge, Western Hutt Road from the Petone Overbridge to the Silverstream Bridge, and River Road from Silverstream Bridge to Maoribank.
Design
South of the Silverstream Bridge intersection the road is mainly two lanes each way, with a three-lane northbound section just south of the Belmont Hills intersection, and is dual carriageway throughout. North of the Silverstream Bridge intersection, the road is dual carriageway as far as Gibbons Street, except for a small section on the Moonshine Bridge across the Hutt River, with the Gibbons Street to Maoribank section being single carriageway. Except for the Moonshine Bridge and Totara Park to Maoribank section, the road has three lanes in total: two in one direction and one in the other, alternating every kilometre (a 2+1 road)
Improvements
The section between the Petone and Normandale Overbridges was improved by to Dowse to Petone project, replacing three sets of traffic lights with a grade-separated roundabout and an overbridge.
The grade-separation of the SH 58 intersection at Haywards was opened in 2017, converting the traffic light controlled intersection with a grade separated roundabout interchange. There are proposals to replace the Melling intersection with a grade-separated interchange also. Future plans also exist to grade separate the intersections at Fairway Drive (Kennedy Good Bridge) and at Silverstream (Fergusson Drive).
Interchanges
All interchanges are at-grade unless otherwise specified. At-grade intersections are controlled by traffic lights, with minor ones controlled by Give Way and Stop signs. Several minor intersections were changed to prevent traffic turning right into or out of minor roads. The Haywards (SH 58), Dowse Drive, Petone, and Ngauranga interchanges are grade-separated.
Notes
See also
List of motorways and expressways in New Zealand
References
Roads in New Zealand
Transport in Wellington
Wellington City
Lower Hutt
Hutt Valley
Wendy Yvonne Nomathemba Luhabe (born 29 May 1957) is a South African entrepreneur.
Life and career
Luhabe was born in Daveyton, Gauteng, South Africa, and grew up in the old Benoni location.
She graduated in arts from the University of Fort Hare (1977) and in Commerce from the National University of Lesotho (1981). After 10 years of national and international corporate experience with f.e. BMW
she founded Bridging the Gap in 1991, a consulting firm to prepare young black South Africans to enter the world of work and to support South African companies in integrating those people into their corporate business.
Luhabe founded the Women Investment Holdings in 1993: initiating the participation of women in the economic landscape of South Africa. She launched the first fund to provide capital to women-owned businesses in South Africa with an R120 million private equity fund.
In 1999 she was recognised as one of the 50 Leading Women Entrepreneurs of the World. The World Economic Forum in Switzerland recognised her as a Global Leader of Tomorrow. She was inaugurated as a Chancellor of the University of Johannesburg in 2006. She was appointed Honorary Lieutenant of the Royal Victorian Order (LVO) in the 2014 New Year Honours for her services as a trustee of the Duke of Edinburgh's International Award Foundation. 2020 Forbes listed her as one of Africas 50 most powerful women.
She is married to the former premier of Gauteng, Mbhazima Shilowa, they have 4 children and a grandson.
Publication
Defining moments. University of KwaZulu-Natal, 2002,
References
External links
Wendy Luhabe's LinkedIn Profile
Give Leadership a Face
Living people
1957 births
21st-century South African businesswomen
20th-century South African businesswomen
Lieutenants of the Royal Victorian Order
Stand Off is an unincorporated community in southern Alberta, Canada within the Blood (Kainai) reserve. It is on Highway 2, approximately southwest of Lethbridge and north of Cardston. The people living in Stand Off and on the reserve are a part of the Blackfoot Nation of Canada and the United States. The Blood Tribe (Nation) has the largest landmass in all eleven Treaties in Canada, (1871-1921).
Demographics
Stand Off recorded a population of 682 in the 1991 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada.
Notable people
Eugene Brave Rock (born c. 1978), an actor and stuntman, was born and raised in Stand Off
References
Localities on Indian reserves in Alberta
The Division of Ryan is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland.
History
The division was created in 1949 and is named after T. J. Ryan, Premier of Queensland from 1915 to 1919. Ryan is located in south east Queensland, and is generally based on the western suburbs of the City of Brisbane.
Location
Since 1984, federal electoral division boundaries in Australia have been determined at redistributions by a redistribution committee appointed by the Australian Electoral Commission. Redistributions occur for the boundaries of divisions in a particular state, and they occur every seven years, or sooner if a state's representation entitlement changes or when divisions of a state are malapportioned.
The Division of Ryan encompasses a number of whole and part suburbs and localities:
Anstead
Ashgrove (western and north-western part)
Auchenflower
Banks Creek (within City of Brisbane)
Bardon (southern part)
Bellbowrie
Brookfield
Chapel Hill
England Creek (within City of Brisbane)
Enoggera (western part)
Enoggera Reservoir
Ferny Grove
Fig Tree Pocket
Gaythorne
Indooroopilly
Kenmore
Kenmore Hills
Keperra
Lake Manchester (within City of Brisbane)
Mitchelton
Moggill
Mount Coot-tha
Paddington (southern part)
Pinjarra Hills
Pullenvale
St Lucia
Taringa
The Gap
Toowong
Upper Brookfield
Upper Kedron
Members
Election results
References
External links
Division of Ryan (Qld) — Australian Electoral Commission
Electoral divisions of Australia
Constituencies established in 1984
1984 establishments in Australia
Federal politics in Queensland
Zelma Rawlston (died October 30, 1915) was an American singer, comedian, and vaudeville performer, specializing in male impersonation, born Zelma Stuchenholz in Germany. She was billed as the "American Vesta Tilley."
Early life
Zelma Stuchenholz was born in Germany and moved to the United States as a child. One profile, however, described her as being born in New York City in 1873, and training as a singer with Eugenie Pappenheim and Adelina Murio Celli, before attending National Conservatory of Music of America on a scholarship.
Career
Rawlston was a soprano singer with the Charles F. Higgins Concert Company, formed in 1888. With her own touring company, she appeared in operatic, soubrette, and male roles, all on the same bill. She was billed as "the American Vesta Tilley" because she dressed as a man for her vaudeville performances; "for the first few years of her stage career she never appeared in anything but trousers," noted the New York Times in 1915. However, at some appearances, she changed from female to male clothing quickly onstage. In 1904, she explained that she cut her own hair short to improve the impersonation. In 1905, she was touring with George Lederer's "Smiling Island" company.
Rawlston originated the role of "Willie Van Astorbilt" in The Burgomaster (1900-1901) on Broadway. "Her singing of 'The Kangaroo Girl' has set the town to whistling the catchy air and made Miss Rawlston many friends," noted one New York paper. Other Broadway appearances included The Earl and the Girl (1905-1906) with Eddie Foy, and Chin-Chin (1914). Based on her fame, Rawlston's name, likeness, and testimony were used to advertise "Pe-Ru-Na" (a patent medicine marketed to women) and Dr. Bull's Cough Syrup.
Her photograph appeared on sheet music of her most popular numbers. She wrote the words to at least one published song, "We'll Take De Trip Dey Calls De Honeymoon" (1899).
Personal life
Zelma Rawlston died in 1915, in New York, probably in her forties.
References
External links
Sheet music and publicity materials featuring images of Zelma Rawlston, dated 1897 through 1903, from the Digital Transgender Archive.
Zelma Rawlston, Billy Rose Theatre Collection Photograph File, New York Public Library Digital Collections.
Zelma Rawlston, Majestic; Vaudeville Museum Archive.
Zelma Rawlston in The Earl and the Girl; Vaudeville Museum Archive.
Portrait of Zelma Rawlston, University of Illinois Theatrical Print Collection.
19th-century births
1915 deaths
Singers from New York City
Vaudeville performers
19th-century American women singers
Comedians from New York City
Female-to-male cross-dressers
German comedy musicians
German women comedians
20th-century American comedians
American women comedians
German emigrants to the United States
20th-century American women singers
20th-century American singers
is a Japanese electronic music composer, best known for his work in the Ape Escape video game series. He started producing music in 1989 as well as remixing singers such as Nami Shimada. He and fellow producer Shinichiro Yokota formed Far East Recording in 1990, releasing various albums and singles. In 1999, after releasing Sumo Jungle, he was given an opportunity to compose for Ape Escape.
In 2014, "The Far East Transcripts" EP was released, sparking interest in Terada's work. A year after, the album Sounds from the Far East was released, which led to him touring and creating more music.
Biography
Early life and career
Terada was born on March 19, 1965, in Tokyo, Japan, playing the electronic organ when he was younger. He majored in computer science and electronic organ at the University of Electro-Communications. In 1987, he traveled to New York City as a part of a three-piece band and "fell in love with the city and its distinctive sound." When he returned to Tokyo, he started producing house music and trying to emulate the city's style, sending demos to labels like Sleeping Bag Records but with no avail. That same year, Terada met Shinichiro Yokota at a Vestax DJ Contest, where Terada introduced Yokota to house music synthesizers and letting him use his instruments.
In 1989, he produced the song "Sunflower" for singer Nami Shimada, which was remixed by Larry Levan and Mark Kamins. A year after, he and Yokota formed the label Far East Recording after Terada graduated from university, releasing their first album called Far East Recording in 1992.
In 1997, he composed for the Japanese drama Psychometrer Eiji alongside Chuei Yoshikawa and DJ Krush.
Video games and Omodaka
Terada started composing soundtracks for video games in 1998, with his first for Wangan Trial.
In 1999, Terada was given an opportunity to compose the music for Ape Escape after a game director listened to his track "Sumo Jungle." When he learned what the game was about, Terada was "really excited" as he played on the PlayStation and was shown demo footage of the game. A year after, he composed for the Japanese version of the PlayStation 2 game Fantavision.
In 2001, he created the project Omodaka while trying to create a "boat racing song." He released the first album, Cantata No. 147, under the project in 2006. Japanese folk singer Akiko Kanazawa joined the project as the genre transitioned to folktronica in 2009. That same year, he donned a white mask and a Miko outfit. Under the project, Terada writes about the prostitution during the Edo period and gambling in Japan and starts with a backing tracks first instead of lyrics.
Resurgence
In 2014, London-based Japanese label Hhatri released The Far East Transcripts, an EP which included three of Yokota's tracks and one of Terada's tracks. The EP sparked renewed interest in Japanese house music, especially Yokota and Terada's works. In 2015, Dutch label Rush Hour reached out to Terada if he wanted to release a compilation album of his work, to which he agreed. They released a compilation album called Sounds from the Far East, which was compiled by German-born Korean DJ Hunee.
The album's release led to Terada producing more music and going on tours, including Europe and North America for the first time in 2016. In 2017, he toured with Nick Dwyer of Weird Together in India, which was hosted by the Red Bull Music Academy.
Artistry
Influences
Terada is influenced by house and hip hop, as well as bands such as RC Succession, Akiko Yano and Yellow Magic Orchestra. He has since moved away from hip-hop to more sample-based and digital production. He is also influenced by foreign people, such as English singer Sheila Chandra.
Musical style
Terada's musical style focuses on house music and jungle.
In an interview with Vice, he revealed that he uses the stereotypes of Asia when running the Far East Label, with Terada also saying the is happy when someone tells him that he combines "Asian elements" with house music.
As Omodaka, he is influenced by YMCK, traditional Japanese music, and retro game sounds. He uses consoles such as the Game Boy, Nintendo DS, PSP, and Korg Kaossilator.
Discography
Albums
As Soichi Terada
As Omodaka
As Far East Recording
Games
References
1965 births
Japanese composers
Japanese electronic musicians
Japanese house musicians
Japanese male composers
Japanese music arrangers
Living people
Musicians from Tokyo
Remixers
Video game composers
Vinoj Suranjaya De Silva Muthumuni also simply known as Vinoj De Silva or Vinoj Suranjaya (born 9 January 1995) is a Sri Lankan track and field athlete and a national record holder in men's 200m.
Career
He made his South Asian Games debut representing Sri Lanka at the 2016 South Asian Games and claimed two gold medals in 200m and 4×100m relay events. In 2018 during the national trials for the 2018 Asian Games, he broke the 200m national record after 20 years which was held by former athlete Sugath Thilakaratne, clocking 20.68 seconds. He also represented Sri Lanka at the 2018 Commonwealth Games.
Vinoj also claimed silver in men's 200m event and was also part of the team which claimed new South Asian Games record for the men's 4×100m relay event on 6 December 2019 during the 2019 South Asian Games.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sri Lankan male sprinters
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Asian Games
South Asian Games gold medalists for Sri Lanka
South Asian Games silver medalists for Sri Lanka
Asian Games competitors for Sri Lanka
Commonwealth Games competitors for Sri Lanka
People from Southern Province, Sri Lanka
South Asian Games medalists in athletics
20th-century Sri Lankan people
21st-century Sri Lankan people
Habibabad (, also Romanized as Ḩabībābād; also known Qeshlāq-e Ḩabībābād) is a village in Asgariyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,333, in 551 families.
References
Populated places in Pishva County
The Dominion Range () is a broad mountain range, about long, forming a prominent salient at the juncture of the Beardmore and Mill glaciers in Antarctica. The range is part of the Queen Maud Mountains
The range was discovered by the British Antarctic Expedition (1907–09) and named by Shackleton for the Dominion of New Zealand, which generously aided the expedition.
The highest peak is Mount Mills at .
Key geological features
Mount Mills
Mount Mills () is the highest mountain in the range at , forming part of the northern escarpment overlooking the Beardmore Glacier 13 km north of Mount Saunders. The mountain was discovered by the British Antarctic Expedition (1907–09) under Shackleton, and named for Sir James Mills who, with the government of New Zealand, paid the cost of towing the expedition ship Nimrod to Antarctica in 1908.
Mount Nimrod
Mount Nimrod () is a mountain at , standing 6 km SSE of Mount Saunders. It was discovered by the British Antarctic Expedition (1907–09) and named after the expedition ship Nimrod.
Mount Saunders
Mount Saunders () is a mountain at , forming a part of the western escarpment of the Dominion Range, NNW of Mount Nimrod. Discovered by the British Antarctic Expedition (1907–09) and named for Edward Saunders, secretary to Ernest Shackleton, who assisted in preparing the narrative of the expedition.
Safety Spur
Safety Spur () is a small rock spur from the Dominion Range, extending southeast from a broad isolated prominence between the mouth of Vandament Glacier and the west side of Mill Glacier. So named by the Southern Party of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE) (1961–62) because it was at this landfall that the party arrived after their first crossing of Mill Glacier in November 1961.
Features
Geographical features include:
Ashworth Glacier
Browns Butte
Davis Nunataks
Kane Rocks
Koski Glacier
Meyer Desert
Mill Glacier
Mount Cecily
Mount Mills
Plunket Point
Rutkowski Glacier
Scott Icefalls
Vandament Glacier
See
Meyer Desert Formation biota
References
Queen Maud Mountains
Dufek Coast
The All-Japan Shipbuilding and Engineering Union (SEU, , Zenzōsen, also known as Zen Nihon Zōsen Kikai Rōdō Kumiai) was a trade union in Japan, representing workers in the ship-building and ship repair industry.
The union was established in September 1946, shortly after the end of World War II. Zenzōsen is a federation of individual, enterprise-level unions - the normal model of trades unionism in Japan.
It was initially the dominant union in the Japanese shipbuilding industry, but was eventually eclipsed by the Japan Confederation of Shipbuilding and Engineering Workers' Unions. Zenzōsen was the more militant of the two unions, and was more strongly represented at the smaller shipyards. Zenzōsen was affiliated to the Japanese Socialist Party.
The union affiliated to the Federation of Independent Unions, and by 1970 it had 53,600 members. Later, it transferred to the Japanese Trade Union Confederation. By 1996, its membership was down to 3,226, and in 2016 it dissolved.
References
Shipbuilding trade unions
Trade unions in Japan
Trade unions established in 1946
Trade unions disestablished in 2016
Çukurova is a district-municipality and ilçe (district) in the Adana Province of Turkey. District population of 389,000,
is concentrated within the city of Adana, occupying north-west of the city. It is a modern residential district which came into being in the last 30 years as the city expanded north. Çukurova is located north of the Seyhan district, west of the Seyhan River and south of the Seyhan Reservoir.
Geography
The district constitutes the northern Adana. The average altitude is about .
History
The land that Çukurova district now occupies was made up of orchards, forestry and scattered villages. After Aytaç Durak's election as the mayor of Adana, an extensive urban plan was made. The urban plan consisted of 200,000 homes, several parks, schools and shopping places to be built over the next 30 years. The project was named as New Adana and the area grew rapidly during the 1990s.
Governance
Çukurova district is administered by three levels of government; central government, provincial administration and the municipalities.
Çukurova Governorship is the district branch of the central government operating under the Adana Governorship. The chief executive of the Çukurova district is the District Governor who is appointed by the Ministry of Internal Affairs. Çukurova Governorship overseas the functioning of the district directorates of the ministries.
Çukurova directorate of the Adana Province Special Administration is the district branch of the provincial administration. Çukurova district is represented with 7 members at the 61-member Adana Provincial Parliament.
Çukurova district is divided into Çukurova municipality and the villages.
Çukurova Municipality
There is only one municipality incorporated in the Çukurova district. Çukurova Municipality is a lower tier municipality of the city of Adana and serves most of the district. The municipality is further divided into neighborhoods.
Çukurova Municipality was incorporated in 2008 as a lower-tier municipality of the city of Adana, after the split of the northern section from Seyhan district.
Mayor is the chief executive of the municipality, presides municipal departments and chairs the municipal council. Mayoral candidates are either nominated by the national parties or run independently. The mayor is elected by first past the post voting for a 5-year term.
Encümen is the executive committee of the Çukurova Municipality.The mayor presides the encümen and the committee consists of 7 members, 3 councilors elected from the municipal council, 3 department directors appointed by the mayor and the treasurer.
Municipal Council is the decision making organ of the Çukurova Municipality. It is responsible for approving by-laws, founding, splitting or amalgamating neighborhoods, strategic planning, urban development planning and zoning, making investments, budgeting, loaning and controlling the mayor's activities. The chair of the council is the mayor. The council consists of 37 members. The candidates for the councilor positions are either nominated by National Parties or run independently. The councilors are elected by the d'Hondt method, where the whole municipality is one electoral district and there is 10% threshold for a party to gain seat at the council. As with mayor, councilors are elected for a 5-year term. Left leaning CHP leads the council with 18 members, Turkish nationalist MHP has 10, conservative AKP has 7 members at the council and two members are independent.
|-
|1
|CHP
|align="right"|Soner Çetin
|align="right"|125,467
|align="right"|58,37
|-
|2
|MHP
|align="right"|Yusuf Baş
|align="right"|78,194
|align="right"|36,38
|-
|3
|SP
|align="right"|İbrahim Ethem Can
|align="right"|4050
|align="right"|1,88
|-
Villages
Villages are the administrative units outside the municipal areas and are administered by the muhtar and the Village Seniors Council. The council can have 4, 5 or 6 members depending on the population of the village. Unlike the neighborhood muhtars, village muhtars are granted special powers and the village administration is considered to be a governmental body. In Çukurova district, there are total of 11 villages: Bozcalar, Dörtler, Fadıl, Kabasakal, Karahan, Küçükçınar, Keşoba, Memişli, Örçün, Pirirli and Söğütlü.
According to Law act no 6360, all villages in metropolitan municipalities in Turkey (such as Adana) were renamed as a neighborhoods (). Thus the villages listed above are officially neighborhoods of Adana.
Neighborhoods
Neighborhoods (Mahalle) are small administrative units within the municipalities, and are administered by the muhtar and the Neighborhood Seniors Council consisting of 4 members. Muhtar and the Senior Council are elected for 5 years at the local elections and are not affiliated with political parties. Neighborhoods are not an incorporation therefore do not hold government status. Muhtar, although being elected by the residents, acts merely as an administrator of the district governor. Muhtar can voice the neighborhood issues to the municipal hall together with the Seniors Council.
Çukurova has a total of 27 neighborhoods. Fourteen of them are in the urban area and thirteen of them are outside the urban area. The neighborhoods outside the urban area are the former villages and the municipalities that annexed to the city of Adana as city borders are expanded in 2008.
Neighborhoods in the urban area
The urban neighborhoods of Çukurova are spread into 3 distinctive zones. The major separators of these zones are the Adana Metro and the Turgut Özal boulevard.
North of Turgut Özal Boulevard: The most scenic section of Adana, the zone is all residential, villas on the hills overlooking to the Seyhan Reservoir and high rise buildings along Turgut Özal and Süleyman Demirel Boulevards. This zone is bounded with Özal Boulevard on the south, Sadık Ahmet Boulevard on the west and Seyhan Reservoir on the north. The 4 neighborhoods of this zone are, Beyazevler, Güzelyalı, Karslılar and Kurttepe.
East of the Adana Metro: Bounded with Turgut Özal Boulevard on the east and north, Adana Metro on the west and Seyhan district on the south, this zone is heavily residential. The 3 neighborhoods of this zone are, Yurt, Mahfesığmaz and Toros.
West of the Adana Metro: Bounded by Adana Metro on the west, Turgut Özal Boulevard on the north, Tapantepe Road on the west and Seyhan district on the south, this zone is rapidly developing area of the city. Western section is zoned for low-rise and eastern section is heavily residential with high-rise buildings. The 5 neighborhoods of the zone are, Huzurevleri, Belediye Evleri, Yüzüncüyıl, Esentepe, Kabasakal and Şambayadı.
Neighborhoods outside the urban area
As the city borders expanded the municipalities and villages in the new limits of the city are annexed to the city. Neighborhoods of the former municipalities and former villages then became part of the Çukurova district as neighborhoods. There are total of 4 non-urban neighborhoods, all used to be part of the former Salbaş municipality; Salbaş Esentepe, Kocatepe, Yeni Mahalle and Gökkuyu.
Transportation
Local public transportation in Çukurova district is conducted by the Adana Metro, Adana Metropolitan Municipality Buse and the minibuses.
Adana Metro serves with 4 stations in Çukurova: Hastane, Anadolu Lisesi, Huzurevi and Mavi Bulvar. Metro line starts in Çukurova and goes Seyhan and Yüreğir districts. Metro accepts bus cards (KentKart) for payment and runs between 06:00 A.M. and 23:00 P.M.
Bus Services are using by all alongside of district and other districts. There are two types of bus services: The ones that owned by Adana Metropolitan Municipality (people buses), and the ones that partly controlled by the municipality (special people buses). People buses (known as Reds, Kırmızılar) is only accepted bus cards (KentKart) for payment. But special people buses (known as Canlar) are also accepted cash.
Minibuses are serving the neighbourhoods and transport people to the city centre. It's accepting cash and Kentkart. There are a few minibus services serving the Çukurova: Topel, İtimat, Özen, Cemalpaşa, Denizli, Barkal, and Yeşilevler.
References
Populated places in Adana Province
Districts of Adana Province
Alexis Grassin (Nantes, 1 April 1776 — 24 June 1823) was a highly successful French privateer, who operated during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.
Career
Born to Michel-Antoine Grassin, a naval surgeon, and Anne Denis, Alexis Grassin captained the privateer Général Ernouf, a 14-gun brig with 115 men. In early 1806, Grassin captured Clio after an action of half an hour; Clio had escaped French naval cruisers shortly before she ran into Général Ernouf Between 1 July 1806 and 30 September 1807, he captured the merchantmen Elisabeth, Tabago, Adventure, Culmore, Mermaid, Swallow, and Argus, for a total value of 663 000 francs. Furthermore, on 14 September 1807, he captured the schooner . He was made a Knight of the Legion of Honour in recognition of the deed.
In September he made a brief cruise on the privateer Revanche before returning to Général Ernouf.
On 17 October 1807, Grassin captured the British slave ship , a brig of fourteen 6-pounder guns, a crew of 24 men, and a cargo of 176 "Negroes" (slaves).
Grassin then transferred to Diligent, a 6-gun brig of 185 tons. On 11 September 1808, he captured the American merchantman Brutus, Edwards, master, of and for New York; the capture was contested, as Brutus had departed in June 1807 to retrieve British goods at Madras, which was legal according to a decree of 21 November 1806, and had only become illegal since 17 December 1807; however, an Imperial decree validated the capture.
On 16 June 1809, Grassin departed Guadeloupe on Dame Ernouf, arriving at Lorient on 28 July. Dame Ernouf was armed en guerre but laden with sugar, cotton, and coffee, and furthermore ferried Geneviève Miloent, wife of Jean Augustin Ernouf, governor of Guadeloupe, along with her handmaid and three slaves. During the voyage, he captured the Spanish schooner Antilope, the American brig Hanna and ship Joseph, and the British ships Swift and Diana.
In August 1809, Dame Ernouf was decommissioned in Nantes, only to be recommissioned under the name Diligent. On Diligent, Grassin captured six ships by July 1811. On 23 August 1812, he captured the British schooner HMS Whiting, and on 8 September 1812, the 10-gun brig HMS Laura. In late December, Diligent arrived in Saint-Nazaire from Philadelphia, laden with despatches from the French ambassador to the USA.
Grassin retired at the Bourbon Restoration. He had married Catherine Daguzeau.
Notes, citations, and references
Notes
Citations
References
(Volume 1 and 2 in a single file)
1776 births
1823 deaths
People of the Quasi-War
French privateers
Military personnel from Nantes
French military personnel of the Napoleonic Wars
Inés Paz Lemetre (born 21 February 1980, in Gijón, Spain), is a news anchor and reporter who has worked for Televisión Española and Telemadrid.
In 2013, Inés was the Spanish spokesman for the 58th Eurovision Song Contest, held in the Swedish town of Malmö.
Television appearances
Televisión Local Gijón (2000-2005)
Por la mañana (2006-2008)
Esta mañana (2008-2009)
La mañana de La 1 (2009–2013)
Involución (2011)
Eurovision spokeswoman for Spain (2013)
Aquí en Madrid (2015-)
La batalla de los pueblos (2016-)
References
1980 births
Living people
Spanish television presenters
Spanish women television presenters
United Nations Security Council Resolution 73, adopted on August 11, 1949, noted with satisfaction the Armistice Agreements between the parties involved in the 1948 conflict in Palestine and then expressed the hope that a final settlement of all questions outstanding between the parties might be achieved soon. The Resolution went on to relieve the Action Mediator in Palestine, as his duties had been fulfilled, and requested the Secretary-General arrange for the continued service of the personnel of the present Truce Supervision Organization as may be required in observing and maintaining the cease-fires and Armistices. The Resolution also requested that the Chief of Staff of the TSO report to the Council on the observance of the cease-fire.
The resolution was adopted nine votes to none; the Ukrainian SSR and Soviet Union abstained.
See also
United Nations Security Council Resolution 72
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1 to 100 (1946–1953)
References
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
External links
0073
0073
1948 Arab–Israeli War
August 1949 events
Janith Liyanage (born 12 July 1995) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He made his international debut for the Sri Lanka cricket team in February 2022.
Career
He made his first-class debut for Ragama Cricket Club in the 2014–15 Premier Trophy on 16 January 2015.
In March 2018, he was named in Galle's squad for the 2017–18 Super Four Provincial Tournament. The following month, he was also named in Galle's squad for the 2018 Super Provincial One Day Tournament. In November 2021, he was selected to play for the Dambulla Giants following the players' draft for the 2021 Lanka Premier League.
In January 2022, he was named in Sri Lanka's Twenty20 International (T20I) squad for their series against Australia. He made his T20I debut on 20 February 2022, for Sri Lanka against Australia.
In July 2022, he was signed by the Kandy Falcons for the third edition of the Lanka Premier League.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Sri Lanka Twenty20 International cricketers
Ragama Cricket Club cricketers
Cricketers from Colombo
The Shropshire Revolution is an American football team based in Telford, Shropshire, England, who compete in the BAFA National Leagues NFC 1 South, the second level of British American Football. The club is based at the Telford Athletics Stadium which is part of the Oakengates Leisure complex. They were formed in 2006 and debuted and were granted Associate membership shortly afterwards before debuting in the League in 2007.
The club were the 2017 NFC 2 South champions and went undefeated with a 13-0 record before beating the Glasgow Tigers in the Division Two Bowls to earn promotion to Division 1. The club is also five-time Play-off qualifiers.
History
The Shropshire Revolution American Football team were formed in January 2006 by like minded enthusiasts and fans of the game, via a forum on the website of NFLUK. Seven players met for the first session in the Town Park Bowl on Saturday 21 January 2006, when the following week a management team was formed. Initial discussions were along the lines of Flag Football until the team were ready to think about entering an application for kitted league football.
Media interest from BBC Local Television, BBC Radio Shropshire, the Shropshire Star newspaper, and Beacon Radio swelled the numbers of those interested in viewing and participating in the game considerably over the following weeks and a competition, run on Beacon Radio to choose the team name from a short list, declared that the team shall be known as the 'Shropshire Revolution' . The management team worked towards becoming an Associate Member of the British American Football League. This application was successful and the team was granted associate membership on 2 July 2006. The team's first game took place on 1 October 2006. In front of around 200 people, the Revolution beat the Lincolnshire Bombers 30–6. This was followed on 15 October by the team's first away game against the Leicester Falcons, which the Revolution won 28–14. A home game against the Leicester Falcons on 28 October saw the Revolution with a 29–0 victory.
On 1 November the league confirmed that the Revolutions application for league membership for the 2007 season, had been successful. The Shropshire Revolution cheerleader squad are called the Revolution Royals.
The club were the 2017 NFC 2 South champions and went undefeated with a 13-0 record before beating the Glasgow Tigers in the Division Two Bowls to earn promotion to Division 1. The club is also five-time Play-off qualifiers.
Stadium
Revolution home games take place at Telford Athletics Stadium. Oakengates Leisure Centre, New Road, Wrockwardine Wood, Telford, TF2 7AB.
Seasonal Records
2007 Division 2 Record (2-8-0)
2008 Division 2 Record (5-5-0)
2009 Division 2 Record (5-4-1)
2010 Division 2 Record (7-3-0)
2011 Division 2 Record (8-2)
2012 Division 1 Record (1-8-1)
2014 Division 2 Record (6-2-2)
2015 Division 1 Record (0-10-0)
2016 Division 2 Record (6-4-0)
2017 Division 2 Record (10-0)
2018 Division 1 Record (6-4)
2019 Division 1 Record (6-4)
See also
Previous American Football teams in Shropshire:
Wrekin Giants (1985–1989)
Shropshire Giants (1989)
Cannock Chase Giants (1989-1993/4)
References
External links
Shropshire Revolution, Official Shropshire Revolution Website
BAFA National League teams
American football teams in England
American football teams established in 2006
Sport in Telford
Sport in Shropshire
2006 establishments in England
Sar Gol (, also Romanized as Sargol) is a village in Asgariyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,692, in 351 families.
References
Populated places in Pishva County
The Real Life of Sebastian Knight is the first English language novel by Vladimir Nabokov, written from late 1938 to early 1939 in Paris and first published in 1941. A work centred on language and its inability to convey any satisfactory definition, it has been identified as a forerunner of the postmodernist novel.
A new start
Nabokov's first major work in English was written hastily in Paris while the author sat in the bathroom, his valise set across a bidet as a writing desk. It had been preceded by nine earlier novels in Russian, written under the pen name V. Sirin, and shares with them a preoccupation with the problems of living in exile and of adaptation. This, Nabokov's first novel under his own name, was published by New Directions Publishers in 1941 and sold slowly. After the success of Lolita it was republished in 1959, this time to wide critical acclaim.
Plot summary
The narrator, V., is absorbed in the composition of his first literary work, a biography of his half-brother, the Russian-born English novelist Sebastian Knight (1899–1936). In the course of his quest he tracks down Sebastian's contemporaries at Cambridge and interviews other friends and acquaintances. In the course of his work V. also surveys Sebastian's books (see below) and attempts to refute the views of the "misleading" The Tragedy of Sebastian Knight, a biography by Knight's former secretary Mr. Goodman, who maintains that Knight was too aloof and cut off from real life.
V. concludes that, after a long-running romantic relationship with Clare Bishop, Sebastian's final years were embittered by a love affair with another woman — a Russian whom he presumably met at a hotel in Blauberg, where Sebastian spent time recuperating from a heart ailment in June 1929. V. leaves for Blauberg, where, with the help of a private detective, he acquires a list of the names of four women who were staying at the hotel at the same time as Sebastian and tracks down each to interview them. After dismissing the possibility of Helene Grinstein in Berlin, his search leads him to Paris and the list narrows to two candidates: Mme de Rechnoy and Mme von Graun.
V. first suspects Mme de Rechnoy of being the mystery woman, based on a compelling description from her ex-husband, Pahl Palich Rechnoy. Mme de Rechnoy has left her husband and cannot be located, leaving V. unsatisfied. However, after meeting Mme von Graun's friend, Mme Nina Lecerf, and hearing stories of von Graun's unflattering affair with a Russian, V. becomes convinced that Helene von Graun is the woman in question. Nina invites V. to visit her in the country, where Helene von Graun will be staying with her. Finding that Helene has not yet arrived, V. mentions to Nina a letter introducing himself to Mme von Graun, which angers her. By chance, V. learns that it is Nina Lecerf herself, and not Helene, who was Sebastian's final romance. Nina was, in fact, the Mme de Rechnoy whom V. had originally suspected but never met.
The final chapters of the narration deal with The Doubtful Asphodel, Sebastian's final novel, which is centered on a dying man and his slow decay. V.'s description of the novel reveals similarities and coincidence not only with Sebastian's life, but with V.'s own investigative adventures. V. tries to account for Sebastian's final years, including a last letter from Sebastian asking V. to visit him at a hospital outside Paris. As V. makes the trip (from Marseilles, where he is temporarily stationed by his firm), his ties to his own life become increasingly visible for their tenuousness: his employer hampers his ability to travel, he struggles to remember necessary details such as the hospital name, he even lacks sufficient money to travel efficiently. V. finally arrives at the hospital and listens to his sleeping brother's breathing from a separate room, only to discover that the sleeping man is not his brother, but another man. Sebastian Knight had died the night before.
The novel concludes with a philosophical reconciliation of Sebastian's life and a final implication that V. himself is Sebastian Knight, or at least his incarnation.
Composition
The Real Life of Sebastian Knight is a biographical metafiction which is in some ways an anticipation of postmodernism. Although there are elements of the detective story in its description of a quest to ascertain facts about a very private and evasive novelist, its subject cannot be grasped through the medium of language, even though Sebastian Knight is only knowable through his own medium. Instead, the book spins “a texture of words around an empty point, an absence”, according to Giorgio Manganelli. By the end of the second chapter it has become clear, anyway, that the projected book will not be about Knight's life but his brother V's attempt to write it.
What complicates the process of getting to know the real Sebastian Knight is the interlayering of a subjective account of the quest with a variety of texts. There is firstly the hastily written and poorly researched biography by Mr Goodman, Knight's ignominiously dismissed secretary, largely written to fit a simplistic thesis. Then there is Knight's own “memoir”, supported by passages from his novels, both as stylistic demonstrations and illustrative of V's subjective reading of their biographical significance. Finally there are V's own novelistic interpolations, making clear the difference between Knight's linguistic mastery and the literary devices used by hack authors. “Who is speaking of Sebastian Knight?” asks a sudden voice in the Cambridge mist at the end of chapter 5, only to be disavowed immediately. In a similar way, V prepares a speech to unmask the deception of Madame Lecerf at the end of chapter 17 but then refrains. “She will be sent a copy of this book and will understand.”
Such tricks continue the perception in Nabokov's earlier novel Despair that “the first person is as fictitious as all the rest”.<ref>Julian W. Connolly, [http://revel.unice.fr/cycnos/index.html?id=1286 “From Biography to Autobiography and Back: The Fictionalization of the Narrated Self in The Real Life of Sebastian Knight”], Cycnos 10.1, January 1993</ref> It is also open to the reader to play the detective himself, noting in what ways the novel reflects Nabokov's own biography. He too was a Russian émigré who was educated at Cambridge, his relationship with his brother Sergei was always at arm's length, and an unwise emotional entanglement had just endangered his domestic arrangements.
Books by Sebastian Knight
The narrator discusses the following (fictitious) works by Knight:
The Prismatic Bezel, Sebastian's first novel, "a rollicking parody of the setting of a detective tale"
Success, Sebastian's second novel, traces "the exact way in which two lines of life were made to come into contact"
Lost Property, Sebastian's memoir. "A counting of the things and souls lost" on SK's "literary journey of discovery"
The Funny Mountain, the collective title of a volume of three short stories: "The Funny Mountain", "Albinos in Black", and "The Back of the Moon"
The Doubtful Asphodel, a final book in which "A man is dying, and he is the hero of the tale . . . The man is the book; the book itself is heaving and dying, and drawing up a ghostly knee".
Notes
References
An archive devoted to Nabokov's works
Meyer, Priscilla. Nabokov and Uncertainty: The Case of The Real Life of Sebastian Knight. Evanston: Northwestern University Press, 2018.
Rimmon, Shlomith: "Problems of Voice in Nabokov's The Real Life of Sebastian Knight." In Phyllis A. Roth (ed.), Critical Essays on Vladimir Nabokov'', 109–129. Boston: G.K. Hall & Co, 1984.
Novels by Vladimir Nabokov
1941 American novels
New Directions Publishing books
The Chicago Public Schools boycott, also known as Freedom Day, was a mass boycott and demonstration against the segregationist policies of the Chicago Public Schools (CPS) on October 22, 1963. More than 200,000 students stayed out of school, and tens of thousands of Chicagoans joined in a protest that culminated in a march to the office of the Chicago Board of Education. The protest preceded the larger New York City public school boycott, also known as Freedom Day.
History
Although Brown v. Board of Education prohibited racial segregation in schools, in 1963, Chicago's public schools continued to be segregated as a result of residential segregation. This was exacerbated by the migration of more black Americans from the Southern United States to Chicago during the Jim Crow era. School boundary lines were drawn specifically to preserve racial segregation, even as predominantly black schools grew overcrowded. Classes were held in hallways, and there were not enough books for all of the students. Some schools held double shifts, meaning students attended less than a full day of class. Rather than send black students to underpopulated white schools, Superintendent of Chicago Public Schools Benjamin Willis instituted the use of mobile classrooms; 625 aluminium trailers parked in the parking lots and playgrounds of overcrowded schools. Rosie Simpson of Englewood, Chicago, coined the term "Willis Wagons" to describe the mobile classrooms. At one high school, these trailers were used to maintain segregation within the school; black students' classes were held in Willis Wagons, while only white students went to class in the school.
Freedom Day
In response to the school segregation enacted by Willis, community members began organizing resistance. Organizers included Chicago activist Albert Raby. The Coordinating Council of Community Organizations (CCCO) took the lead, organizing "Freedom Day," the mass boycott and protest. According to the chairman of the CCCO, Lawrence Landry, "The boycott is an effort to communicate dissatisfaction on how schools are being run." The Chicago Defender estimated that forty percent of CPS students would participate in the boycott. On October 22, 1963, nearly half of all CPS students skipped school, leaving schools on Chicago's South Side and West Side mostly empty. The Chicago Tribune reported that 224,770 students were absent from CPS, amounting to 47 percent of the student population. Some students opted to attend makeshift Freedom Schools instead. In addition to the boycott, nearly 10,000 protesters marched in Chicago's downtown, stopping outside the Chicago Board of Education offices. Chicago police kept protesters from entering the building.
While Freedom Day was popular and widely covered, it did not have significant impact in changing the policies of Superintendent Willis. This de facto school segregation was supported by da Mayor Richard J. Daley, who went on to nominate two school board members who did not support the CCCO's push for integration. Ultimately, CPS was not moved to integrate after Freedom Day, despite the best efforts of Black activists and the CCCO. Use of Willis Wagons prevailed, and Willis himself did not retire until 1966 (albeit four months before the end of his term). However, the size of the first Freedom Day protest inspired subsequent boycotts in Chicago and the United States.
The Freedom Day protest inspired Reverend Martin Luther King Jr.'s move to Chicago in 1966. Before Freedom Day, in August, 1963, then-college student Bernie Sanders was arrested while protesting the policies of Superintendent Willis.
References
External links
Chicago History Museum, Facing Freedom in America, "School Boycott" (Image collection)
63 Boycott (Documentary)
Morning Shift: Fifty years after the 1963 school boycott, where are we on reform?
Civil rights protests in the United States
Student protests in the United States
Student strikes
Chicago Public Schools
History of Chicago
Protest marches
October 1963 events in the United States
1963 protests
Khashayar Carl Farmanbar (born 21 September 1976) is a Swedish entrepreneur and politician for the Social Democratic Party. Since 30 November 2021 he is the Minister for Energy and Minister for Digital Development in Magdalena Andersson's Cabinet, replacing Anders Ygeman.
Farmanbar was born in Teheran but lived in Boden after coming to Sweden at twelve years of age. He studied computer engineering and marketing at Luleå University of Technology and has worked in the IT sector. Before becoming minister, he was oppositional municipal commissioner in Nacka, where has lived since 2007.
References
21st-century Swedish engineers
Living people
1976 births
Swedish Ministers for Energy
Politicians from Tehran
Iranian expatriates in Sweden
Iris Chung (born October 21, 1987), formerly known as Zhong Yonghui, is a model who was born in British Hong Kong. She was the only Hong Kong representative selected for the Tokyo Girls Award in May 2012. Chung has an acting career, starting as the first supporting actress in the movie Mr. & Mrs. Player. She was one of the leading actress of the movie Flirting in the Air.
Filmography
Publications
Others
Tokyo Girls Award S/S 2012
References
External links
Iris's Official Weibo Blog
1987 births
Living people
Hong Kong film actresses
21st-century Hong Kong actresses
Parapolycesta cobosi is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Parapolycesta.
References
Buprestidae genera
Bazoft () may refer to:
Bazoft (city)
Bazoft District
Bazoft Rural District
The Djibouti women's national football team represents the country in international competitions. Football is organised by the Djiboutian Football Federation, with women's football formally organised in the country in 2002, and a national team was later created.
History
Background
The country became independent in 1977. The Djiboutian Football Federation was founded in 1977 and joined FIFA in 1994. Football is one of the most popular sports in the country. Women's football development in Africa has to deal with several challenges that impact the ability to develop a high level of play, including limited access to education, poverty amongst women in the wider society, and fundamental inequality present in the society that occasionally allows for female specific human rights abuses. When high level women's players are developed, many leave the country seeking greater opportunity in Northern Europe or the United States. Another issue facing women's football in Africa is that most of the money for the game does not come from national football federations but instead from FIFA.
By 1985, few countries had their own women's national football teams. Djibouti was no exception: women's football was not officially organised in the country until 2002 and then, only for players sixteen years and older. As of 2009, there were only eight women's clubs for these players in the country. There is a regional and national women's competition, which was established in 2007. The league provided the first opportunity for women outside the capital and major cities to play football. The country has a women's national team but has no youth teams, meaning no U17 or U20 teams. 12% of the money from the FIFA Financial Assistance Programme (FAP) is targeted at the technical development of the game, which includes women's football, sport medicine and futsal. This compares to 11% specifically set aside for men's competitions and 10% set aside for youth football. Between 1991 and 2010, there was no FIFA FUTURO III regional course for women's coaching. A FUTURO III regional course men's coaching workshop was hosted in 2008. In 2007, there were a women's football seminar held in the country. In 2007, there was a FIFA MA course held for women/youth football.
Performance
Between 1977 and April 2012, Djibouti women's national football team played in only one FIFA sanctioned match. It was played in Nairobi on 26 March 2006, with Kenya women's national football team winning 7–0, holding a lead of 4–0 over Djibouti at the half. The women's national team has not competed at the Women's World Cup. They played two non-sanctioned games, one in 2004 and one in 2005. In March 2012, the team was not ranked in the world by FIFA and did not formally exist.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Legend
2021
2022
Results and Fixtures – Soccerway.com
globalsportsarchive
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
update 14 April 2022
Manager history
Hassan kako( 2022–)
Mawlid Ali Beilleh(2021–2022)
Samy Smaili (2020–2021)
Players
Current squad
The following players were named in February 2022 for the 2022 Africa Women Cup of Nations qualification tournament.
Caps and goals accurate up to and including 30 October 2021.
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to a Djibouti squad in the past 12 months.
Previous squads
CECAFA Women's Championship
2022 CECAFA Women's Championship squads
Records
Active players in bold, statistics correct as of 2020.
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Competitive record
Champions Runners-up Third place Fourth place
FIFA Women's World Cup
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Olympic Games
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Africa Women Cup of Nations
(The former format was amended as it did not comply with MOS:FLAG as discussed here)
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
African Games
CECAFA Women's Championship
Honours
All−time record against FIFA recognized nations
The list shown below shows the Djibouti national football team all−time international record against opposing nations.
*As of xxxxxx after match against xxxx.
Key
Record per opponent
*As ofxxxxx after match against xxxxx.
Key
The following table shows Djibouti's all-time official international record per opponent:
See also
Sport in Djibouti
Football in Djibouti
Women's football in Djibouti
Djibouti women's national under-20 football team
Djibouti women's national under-17 football team
Djibouti men's national football team
References
External links
Association page at fifa.com
Djibouti women's national football team
African women's national association football teams
Rulx Léon (Les Cayes, December 2, 1890 – 1984) was a Haitian physician, historian, and journalist. Doctor Léon was "one of the most respected Haitian scholars." He was the author of a documentary on the history of Haiti entitled Propos d'Histoire d'Haïti (1945/1974).
Notes
References
1890 births
1984 deaths
20th-century Haitian historians
Haitian male writers
Haitian journalists
Haitian physicians
20th-century male writers
20th-century journalists
Tony Hayden was a Gaelic footballer from County Leitrim. Hayden represented his county and his province, Connacht, with distinction during his playing days, playing in two Railway Cup finals in 1954 and 1955. He was also a member of the Leitrim side which played in four Connacht SFC finals in a row between 1957 and 1960, but on each occasion, as in the inter-provincial competition, Hayden ended up on the losing side against the great Galway five-in-a-row men.
At club level Hayden captained his native Bornacoola to the Leitrim Senior Football Championship and league double in 1957. Three years previously, he was also victorious on the other side of the county border having helped Craobh Rua to the Sligo senior crown.
Hayden was picked at left half back on the Leitrim Team of the Millennium.
References
http://hoganstand.com/ArticleForm.aspx?ID=144032
Leitrim inter-county Gaelic footballers
Sportspeople from County Leitrim
Bornacoola Gaelic footballers
Craobh Rua Gaelic footballers
Year of birth missing
Possibly living people
Clover Industries Limited ("Group" and/or "Clover") is a branded foods and beverages group that used to be listed on the main board of the Johannesburg Stock Exchange. The company was delisted after a takeover by Milco, led by the Central Bottling Company from Israel.
History
Clover's history began in 1898 with a series of meetings among a group of farmers in the lush pastures of the Natal Midlands.
1898 – Farmers meet in Mooi River to discuss the establishment of a butter factory. At follow-up meetings the name Natal Creamery Ltd and co-operative principles are approved.
1899 – Joseph Baynes starts the first butter factory in Natal on his farm Nel's Rust. Due to the absence of proper legal channels to register a co-operative, Natal Creamery Ltd is registered under the Natal Companies Act and H Blaker is appointed as the first chairman.
1901 – The first reference is made to Model Dairy as a partnership between Natal Creamery Ltd and Joseph Baynes Ltd for the marketing of fresh milk in Durban. This partnership breaks up in October 1901.
1902 – Milk distribution by Natal Creamery Ltd commences in Pietermaritzburg.
1903 – Milk is dispatched to Johannesburg on a daily basis and Natal Creamery Ltd decides to investigate the Johannesburg milk industry.
1906 – Natal Creamery Ltd takes over the Johannesburg Milk Supply Company Ltd.
1908 – Heilbron Government Creamery is established.
1923 – Natal Creamery Ltd is registered under the Co-operatives Societies Act of 1922.
1932 – By 1932 Natal Creamery Ltd is operating in 32 centres countrywide.
1934 – The operation of a 100% co-operative style system is approved and the name Natal
Creamery Ltd is changed to National Co-operative Dairies Ltd.
1994 – Clover S.A. (Pty) Ltd is established.
1995 – Clover S.A. (Pty) Ltd and Compagnie Gervais Danone ("Danone") join forces as joint venture partners.
1997 – Clover Holdings Ltd is established to act as a holding company for Clover S.A. (Pty) Ltd.
1998 – Danone and Clover S.A. (Pty) Ltd form the Danone Clover (Pty) Ltd joint venture.
2003 – The conversation of National Co-operative Dairies Ltd from a co-operative to a public company took place during November 2003. A name change to Clover Industries Ltd was also approved during a series of special general meetings. The dynamics incorporated in Clover Industries Ltd in respect of ordinary shares exercising control and preferential shared being freely tradable, opens a new era for the Group. Clover S.A. (Pty) Ltd and Danone form the Clover Danone Beverages Ltd joint venture.
2004 – Clover Holdings Ltd is unbundled. Clover Industries Ltd is the new holding company of Clover S.A. (Pty) Ltd, one of the largest branded consumer goods companies in South Africa, South Africa's largest dairy company and one of the leading manufacturers and marketers of food products in South Africa.
2005 – Hosken Consolidated Investments Ltd acquires a 25.1% shareholding in Clover Industries Ltd as a BBBEE partner.
2006 – Clover S.A. (Pty) Ltd and Fonterra Ltd of New Zealand form the Clover Fonterra Ingredients (Pty) Ltd joint venture.
2007 – Hosken Consolidated Investments Ltd, the BBBEE partner, exercises its option to increase its ordinary shareholding to 34.9% and Clover S.A. (Pty) Ltd buys 39.8% of the shares in Clover Danone Beverages Ltd from Danone. The company's name is changed to Clover Beverages Ltd.
2008 – Danone Clover (Pty) Ltd acquires a 70% interest in Mayo Dairy (Pty) Ltd.
2009 – Deconsolidation/Recapitalisation of Danone Clover (Pty) Ltd.
2010 – Clover sells its 45% shareholding in Danone Clover (Pty) Ltd to Danone and commences with the capital restructuring of Clover Industries Limited. Removal of the condition that only milk producers may hold ordinary shares and de-linking the ordinary share from milk supply. Repurchase of 34.9% ordinary shares from Hosken Consolidated Investments Ltd. Conversion of preference shares to debt-only instruments. Clover Industries Limited was listed on the main board of the JSE Limited on 14 December 2010.
2011 – Buy-out of the non-controlling interest in Clover Beverages Limited and the subsequent transfer of the non-alcoholic beverages business to Clover SA.
2012 – Bought the Real Juice Co. Holdings (Pty) Ltd from AVI Limited. Acquired the minority interest in Clover Botswana (Pty) Ltd and Clover Manhattan (Pty) Ltd respectively.
2013 – Clover Waters (Pty) Ltd (in terms of which Clover owns 70% and Nestlé owns 30% is formed) is created resulting in the expansion of Clover's portfolio of value-added and branded beverage products. Clover is associated with global brands such as Nestlé Purelife and Nestea which opens up opportunities in the sub-Saharan market.
2014 – Clover Futurelife joint venture is established to launch a functional dairy based product. Various other initiatives are currently being explored.
2019 - Clover delists from the JSE after a takeover by Milco.
Controversy
Prior to its $354 million sale of 59.5% to Milco, a newly-formed consortium of the Central Bottling Company (CBC), the deal was met with opposition by BDS, the Palestine Solidarity Alliance, Palestine Solidarity Campaign and the South African Jews for a Free Palestine. BDS SA spokesman Tisetso Magama said that CBC “has operations in Israel's illegal settlements – both in the occupied Palestinian West Bank and in the occupied Syrian Golan Heights,” adding that “CBC and its subsidiaries own a regional distribution centre in the illegal Israeli Atarot settlement industrial zone, a vineyard near Mount Shifon in the occupied Golan Heights and a dairy farm, as well as offices in the illegal Israeli settlement of Shadmot Mehola in the Jordan Valley – all in violation of international law.”
Brimstone Investments, one of the initial consortium members of the deal, pulled out.
Several trade unions in South Africa were against the approval of the deal: In a joint statement, trade unions such as the General Industries Workers Union of South Africa and Food and Allied Workers Union representing workers at Clover and its subsidiaries, together with their union federation, South African Federation of Trade Unions and Palestinian solidarity organizations in South Africa, “condemned the recent judgment by the Competition Tribunal of South Africa on the takeover of Clover by Israeli-led company, Milco SA.” They cited three main objections to the deal, claiming that “the takeover will have negative consequences for South African workers who will face job losses in the context of an already-struggling economy,” as well as “manipulative, unethical and anti-competitive practices by... the CBC... against which there are adverse findings in Israel,” and claims that the “CBC violation of international law, including UN resolutions and Geneva Conventions and the violation of human rights.”
Business
Today, Clover is a branded consumer goods and products group operating in South Africa and other selected African countries in:
• The production of dairy and non-alcoholic beverages;
• The distribution of chilled and ambient consumer products; and
• The sales and merchandising of fast-moving consumer goods
Clover was converted from a co-operative society into a public company in 2003.
Clover implemented a capital restructuring on 31 May 2010, which was a milestone in its corporate development and resulted in both economic benefits and voting control vesting in the ordinary shares. In addition, the delinking of the ordinary shares from the milk delivery agreements enabled persons other than dairy producers to acquire ordinary shares, facilitating its ability to raise equity capital. Capital scarcity has historically been a key constraint for Clover's growth and development.
References
Companies based in Johannesburg
Dairy products companies of South Africa
South African brands
Groupe Danone brands
Wo Long: Fallen Dynasty is an upcoming action-role playing video game developed by Team Ninja and published by Koei Tecmo. The game is currently scheduled for release in early 2023 on Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X/S.
Development
On October 26 2021, during a development stream celebrating the 40th anniversary of Koei Tecmo president and CEO Kou Shibusawa's career, it was announced that Team Ninja were currently developing a new action game based on Luo Guanzhong's 14th-century historical novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms. The game was formally revealed on June 12 2022 at the Xbox & Bethesda Games Showcase 2022 event for release on Microsoft Windows, Xbox One and Xbox Series X/S, with PlayStation 4 and 5 versions being announced shortly after.
Development of Wo Long: Fallen Dynasty begun around two years before its reveal. The project is being led by Team Ninja president Fumihiko Yasuda (who directed 2017's Nioh as well as its 2020 follow-up) and producer Masaaki Yamagiwa (best known for his work on Tokyo Jungle and Bloodborne), who joined Team Ninja in mid-2021 following his exit from SIE's now-defunct Japan Studio several months prior. Like Nioh, Wo Long: Fallen Dynasty takes place during real-life historical events, but is embellished with prominent supernatural elements taken from folklore and mythology.
See also
Romance of the Three Kingdoms (video game series)
References
External links
Upcoming video games scheduled for 2023
Action role-playing video games
Koei Tecmo games
Fantasy video games
PlayStation 4 games
PlayStation 5 games
Soulslike video games
Team Ninja games
Video games about demons
Video games based on Chinese mythology
Video games based on Romance of the Three Kingdoms
Video games developed in Japan
Video games set in China
Windows games
Xbox One games
Xbox Series X and Series S games
Geoff Fox (3 May 1910 – 8 August 1971) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Notes
External links
1910 births
1971 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
North Melbourne Football Club players
Brunswick Football Club players
Abdul Qodir Hasan Baraja is an Indonesian cleric, and the founder and Caliph of Khilafatul Muslimin. He is a former Darul Islam activist, and Komando Jihad combatant which was active during late 1970s to 1980s.
Early life and education
Baraja graduated from Pondok Modern Darussalam Gontor sometime before 1970. Previous report reported that he was worked as a teacher at Ngruki Islamic boarding school founded by Abu Bakar Ba'asyir, his colleague and fellow Gontor alumni after graduation. However, Ngruki school denied the report and clarified that there was another Baraja, Abdullah Baraja, who was the person in question, not Abdul Qodir Hasan Baraja. Abdullah Baraja was not relative of Abdul Qodir Hasan Baraja and Abdullah already died in 2007.
At some point in 1970, Baraja joined Darul Islam, eight years after the defeat of Darul Islam rebellion. He later moved to Lampung and founded Darul Islam Lampung Branch in the 1970s.
History in terrorism acts
Baraja had incarcerated with charge of terrorism two times. First on 1979 for his involvement in Warman Terror (a Darul Islam armed terror acts), and in 1985 in aftermath of 1985 Borobudur bombing. During the time of Warman Terror in 1979, he played a role in the Warman Terror Network as part of Adah Jaelani cell that operated in Lampung and provided financial support to the terror. In 1985, he involved at Borobudur bombing which damaged 9 stupas of Borobudur.
Co-founder of Indonesian Mujahideen Council
Baraja also a co-founder of Indonesian Mujahideen Council when the council established on 2000. He was one of the first 36-membered Ahlul Halli wal 'Aqdi Board of Indonesian Mujahideen Council during the First Mujahideen Congress on 5-7 August 2000 which established Ba'asyir as National Leader of the Indonesian Mujahideen Council.
Khilafatul Muslimin and Caliph of Khilafatul Muslimin
Khilafatul Muslimin was established by Baraja sometime at 1977, but formally established as mass organization on 18 July 1997. Baraja claimed that, during the three first years of the Khilafatul Muslimin existence, the organization did not have Caliph position. Caliph position later established on 2000 after Khilafatul Muslimin Congress in Yogyakarta.
2022 capture
In aftermath of 2022 caliphate convoy, Indonesian National Police later hunted every Khilafatul Muslimin members responsible in the convoy. Baraja was captured in Lampung on 7 June 2022 for his involvement in promoting caliphate and attempted to replace state ideology Pancasila with Islamic Caliphate.
References
1944 births
Living people
Indonesian Muslims
Indonesian imams
Indonesian Muslim activists
Indonesian Islamists
20th-century Muslims
21st-century criminals
21st-century Muslims
Right-wing populism in Indonesia
RTV Bugojno or Televizija Bugojno is a local Bosnian public television channel based in city of Bugojno. It was established as Radio televizija Bugojno in 1992 when local municipal Radio Bugojno started television broadcasting.
RTV Bugojno broadcasts a variety of programs such as local news and documentaries. Program is mainly produced in Bosnian language. The program also consists of the syndicated program content from television network called Program Plus.
Radio Bugojno is also part of public municipality services.
References
External links
Official website of RTV Bugojno
Website of CRA BiH
Television channels and stations established in 1992
Television stations in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Sibataniozephyrus is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Sibataniozephyrus fujisanus (Matsumura, 1910) Japan
Sibataniozephyrus kuafui Hsu & Lin, 1994 Taiwan
Sibataniozephyrus lijinae Hsu, 1995 China, Guizhou Prov., Tongren Prefecture, Mt. Fanjing, 1000-1350 m.
References
Theclini
Lycaenidae genera
Pfarrweisach is a municipality in the district of Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.
Geography
Location
Pfarrweisach lies in the Main-Rhön Region (Bavarian planning region no. 3).
Subdivisions
Pfarrweisach is divided into nine sub-municipalities (population in brackets as at: 5 January 2009):
Neighbouring municipalities
Its neighbouring municipalities (clockwise from the north) are: Maroldsweisach, Seßlach, Untermerzbach, Ebern and Burgpreppach.
References
Haßberge (district)
Adrienne French (born 1987) is a fine art photographer specialising in urban landscape. She is the granddaughter of the artist Ray H. French.
Education
Born in Akron, Ohio, French attended Ohio Wesleyan University in Delaware, Ohio. While at Ohio Wesleyan University, French was one of the only freshmen in the photography program, where she studied traditional wet darkroom methods. After her freshman year, she transferred to Ringling College of Art and Design in Sarasota, Florida, where she learned digital photography technology, digital media and printing.
Exhibitions
French has exhibited in group shows around the country. In 2011, her "Abstractions" exhibition at the Halcyon Art Gallery in Terre Haute, Indiana, featured an array of her black-and-white and color photography. In 2013, the Kenneth Paul Lesko Gallery in Cleveland, Ohio exhibited her "Chronos Chrysalis" portfolio, characterized by abstract photographs that invite the viewer to see the beauty in the often overlooked urban environment.
Collections
French's work is in private and public collections, including the Midwest Museum of American Art in Elkhart, Indiana.
References
External links
Official Website
1987 births
Living people
American photographers
American women photographers
Ohio Wesleyan University alumni
Artists from Akron, Ohio
Fine art photographers
21st-century American women
Kaliq Singh (born 9 August 1950) is an Indian boxer. He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1950 births
Living people
Indian male boxers
Olympic boxers of India
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Heavyweight boxers
"Frame Toby" is the ninth episode of the fifth season of the television series The Office, and the show's eighty-first episode overall. The episode aired in the United States on November 20, 2008, on NBC.
On November 25, 2008, a producer's cut of "Frame Toby" was posted on NBC.com. This cut ran approximately four minutes longer than the original airing. After nearly a two-year absence, this is the first producer's cut since season three's "The Return".
In this episode, Michael has trouble accepting the fact that his least favorite employee, HR rep Toby, has returned to the office and enlists Dwight's help to frame him for using drugs so he will be fired. Meanwhile, Pam is disgusted over a mess left in the microwave that no one bothers to clean up, and Jim buys his parents' house – without telling Pam.
Michael's outburst when he discovers that Toby has returned became an internet meme after the episode aired.
Synopsis
Michael Scott (Steve Carell) learns that Toby Flenderson (Paul Lieberstein) is back as their HR representative and reacts very badly to it. He tries to get CFO David Wallace (Andy Buckley) to get rid of Toby, but David refuses. Michael tries to pretend to be friends with Toby, but finds himself unable to do so. Michael and Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson) attempt to set Toby up for sexual harassment by using Pam Beesly (Jenna Fischer) as bait, but Pam defuses the scheme. Michael tries to provoke Toby into punching him, which proves fruitless. Finally, Michael decides to plant drugs in Toby's desk, and purchases what he believes to be marijuana for $500 from two Vance Refrigeration employees. Dwight calls the police, who arrive shortly afterward. Dwight leads the police to Toby's desk, which the police search. Michael, starting to feel guilty, tries to take the blame, but the police discover that the planted "marijuana" is really a bag of Caprese salad. After the police leave, Toby scolds Michael for wasting the cops' time when they could have been catching real criminals. Michael is disgusted that Toby is more worried about the cops' time than about being framed, and hates Toby more than ever.
Pam finds a mess in the microwave, and writes an anonymous memo telling everyone to keep it clean. Her coworkers consider the note snobbish – except for Angela Martin (Angela Kinsey), and Ryan Howard (B. J. Novak), who unsuccessfully tries to manipulate Pam into cleaning it. Ryan later tells Kelly (Mindy Kaling) that they have to break up, saying he is going on a trip to Thailand, before asking for sex one last time and for any extra cash she has.
Jim Halpert (John Krasinski) bought his parents' house without asking Pam. Reviewing the house, Jim takes note of the shag carpeting and an ugly painting which is apparently built into the wall, and begins to think keeping it a secret may have been a bad idea. Jim gives Pam a tour of the house before showing her the garage, which he turned into an art studio. Noticing a seemingly disappointed look on Pam's face, and the fact that she has been quiet the entire tour, Jim acknowledges the house has problems and that it may have been presumptuous to buy it without telling her, but Pam is ecstatic that he bought her a house, and says she is happy with it so long as they do not have to sleep in his parents' old bedroom.
References
External links
"Frame Toby" at NBC.com
The Office (American season 5) episodes
2008 American television episodes
Television episodes written by Mindy Kaling
The 2003 World Weightlifting Championships were held in Vancouver, Canada from 14 November to 22 November. The women's 53 kilograms division was staged on 15 and 16 November 2003.
Schedule
Medalists
Records
Results
References
Weightlifting World Championships Seniors Statistics, Page 43
Results
2003 World Weightlifting Championships
World
Diedorf is a village and a former municipality in the Wartburgkreis district of Thuringia, Germany. Since 1 January 2019, it is part of the municipality Dermbach.
References
Rhön Mountains
Wartburgkreis
Former municipalities in Thuringia
Stenophis is a genus of Madagascan arboreal snakes, part of the family Lamprophiidae. Species of Stenophis typically have large heads relative to their body size, and their bodies are elongated and often thin. The genus includes both viviparous and oviparous species. They usually have prolate pupils.
Taxonomy
Stenophis was previously considered to be part of the genus Lycodryas until the mid-1990s.
A phylogenetic analysis in 2008 found that the genus is polyphyletic, and a 2010 study proposed three monophyletic genera of the snakes currently in Stenophis and Lycodryas: Lycodryas (with Stenophis as a junior synonym), Phisalixella, and Parastenophis.
Species
Known species of Stenophis include:
Stenophis arctifasciatus (A.M.C. Duméril, Bibron & A.H.A. Duméril, 1854) = Phisalixella arctifasciata (A.M.C. Duméril, Bibron & A.H.A. Duméril, 1854)
Stenophis betsileanus (Günther, 1880) = Parastenophis betsileanus (Günther, 1880)
Stenophis carleti Domergue, 1995 = Lycodryas carleti (Domergue, 1995)
Stenophis citrinus Domergue, 1995 = Lycodryas citrinus (Domergue, 1995)
Stenophis gaimardi (Schlegel, 1837) = Lycodryas gaimardi (Schlegel, 1837)
Stenophis granuliceps (Boettger, 1877) = Lycodryas granuliceps (Boettger, 1877)
Stenophis guentheri Boulenger, 1896 = Lycodryas guentheri (Boulenger, 1896)
Stenophis iarakaensis Domergue, 1995 = Phisalixella iarakaensis (Domergue, 1995)
Stenophis inopinae Domergue, 1995 = Lycodryas inopinae (Domergue, 1995)
Stenophis inornatus Boulenger, 1896 = Lycodryas inornatus (Boulenger, 1896)
Stenophis jaosoloa Domergue, 1995 = (is a junior synonym of ) Phisalixella arctifasciata (A.M.C. Duméril, Bibron & A.H.A. Duméril, 1854)
Stenophis pseudogranuliceps Domergue, 1995 = Lycodryas pseudogranuliceps (Domergue, 1995)
Stenophis tulearensis Domergue, 1995 = Phisalixella tulearensis (Domergue, 1995)
Stenophis variabilis Boulenger, 1896 = Phisalixella variabilis (Boulenger, 1896)
Nota bene: A binomial authority in parentheses indicates that the species was originally described in a different genus.
References
Further reading
Boulenger GA. 1896. Catalogue of the Snakes in the British Museum (Natural History). Volume III., Containing the Colubridæ (Opisthoglyphæ and Proteroglyphæ) ... London: Trustees of the British Museum (Natural History). (Taylor and Francis, printers). xiv + 727 pp. + Plates I-XXV. (Stenophis, new genus, pp. 39–40 + Plate IV).
Colubrids
Reptiles of Madagascar
Snakes of Africa
2,2,5,5-tetramethyltetrahydrofuran (TMTHF) or 2,2,5,5-tetramethyloxolane (TMO) is a heterocyclic compound with the formula , or (CH3)2(C(CH2)2OC)(CH3)2. It can be seen as derivative of tetrahydrofuran (oxolane) with four methyl groups replacing four hydrogen atoms on each of the carbon atoms in the ring that are adjacent to the oxygen. The absence of hydrogen atoms adjacent to the oxygen means that TMTHF (TMO) does not form peroxides, unlike other common ethers such as tetrahydrofuran, diethyl ether and CPME.
The compound has been demonstrated as a non-polar solvent in research chemistry, having similar properties to toluene and as a reagent in chemical synthesis.
Natural occurrence
The compound is produced in small quantities by the mycelium of Tuber borchii, a mushroom similar to the truffle.
Synthesis and chemistry
The compound is easily prepared by the ring closure of 2,5-dimethylhexane-2,5-diol using acid catalysts. Zeolites have been shown to be particularly high yielding but sulfuric acid can also be used.
TMTHF reacts with benzene in the presence of triflic acid to form 1,1,4,4-dimethyltetralin and symmetric tetramethyloctahydroanthracene. This and other similar reactions can be used for the selective preparation of derivatives of naphthalene, anthracene, and tetracene, and other fused-ring aromatic hydrocarbons.
TMTHF undergoes photolysis by UV; in aqueous solution, the products are mainly methane, ethane, and 2-hydroxy-2,5,5-trimethyltetrahydrofuran. The dehydration of TMTHF yields alkenes like 2,5-dimethyl-2,4-hexadiene and 2,5-dimethyl-1,5-hexadiene.
Reaction with fluorine substitutes it for all hydrogen atoms to yield perfluoro(2,2,5,5-tetramethyltetrahydrofuran) (bp 99 C, mp -31 C).
See also
2,5-Dimethylfuran
3,3,4,4-Tetramethyltetrahydrofuran
References
Tetrahydrofurans
Ether solvents
The Wandering Image (German: Das wandernde Bild) is a 1920 German silent drama film directed by Fritz Lang and starring Mia May, Hans Marr and Rudolf Klein-Rogge. It is also known by the alternative titles of The Wandering Picture and The Wandering Shadow (USA DVD title).
The film's sets were designed by Otto Hunte. The art directors Erich Kettelhut and Robert Neppach were employed designing models for the production.
Cast
Mia May as Irmgard Vanderheit
Hans Marr as Georg Vanderheit / John Vanderheit
Harry Frank
Rudolf Klein-Rogge as Georgs Vetter Wil Brand
Loni Nest as Irmgards Tochter
References
Bibliography
Bock, Hans-Michael & Bergfelder, Tim. The Concise CineGraph. Encyclopedia of German Cinema. Berghahn Books, 2009.
Kreimeier, Klaus. The Ufa Story: A History of Germany's Greatest Film Company, 1918-1945. University of California Press, 1999.
External links
1920 films
1920 romantic drama films
German romantic drama films
Films of the Weimar Republic
German silent feature films
German black-and-white films
Films directed by Fritz Lang
Films with screenplays by Fritz Lang
Films with screenplays by Thea von Harbou
Films produced by Joe May
UFA GmbH films
Silent romantic drama films
Fuling District () is a district in central Chongqing, China. The area is known for zha cai, a hot pickled mustard tuber, as well as serving as the location of former U.S. Peace Corps teacher Peter Hessler's best-selling memoir River Town: Two Years on the Yangtze.
The district spans an area of , and has a population of 1,115,016, per the 2020 Chinese Census. The district's area spans from latitude 29°21' to 30°01' north, and longitude 106°56' to 107°43' east.
History
According to the district's government, the area comprising contemporary Fuling District has been inhabited since approximately 3000 BCE.
During the Spring and Autumn period, the area was inhabited by the . From the middle and late part of Spring and Autumn period, through to the middle of the Warring States period, the area belonged to the State of Ba. The area was at some point the site of one of the Ba's capitals, and a Ba king is buried within the area. During the middle and latter part of the Warring States period, the area belonged to the State of Chu.
Following the State of Chu, the area was incorporated into the Qin dynasty as the . The area reorganized in 227 BCE, under the rule of King Zhaoxiang of Qin, as .
During the Eastern Han, Zhi County was merged into .
In the Three Kingdoms period, the area was ruled by the Shu Han, and organized as Hanping County (). Hanping County was subordinate to the , whose capital was located in present-day in the nearby Pengshui Miao and Tujia Autonomous County, to the southeast of Fuling District.
In 347 CE, under the Eastern Jin, the area was again reorganized as Fu Commandery (), which was also known as Zhicheng Commandery ().
The area's administrative divisions were reorganized dramatically during the Northern and Southern dynasties.
The Sui dynasty would reorganize the area into three counties: Fuling County (), which belonged to the Ba Commandery, Fengdu County (), which belonged to the , and Dianjiang County (), which belonged to the .
In 618 CE, during the Tang dynasty, the area was reorganized as , which governed , Fuling County, and .
Under the Northern Song, Longhua County was changed to . During the Southern Song, Fu Zhou was reestablished to govern the area, and administered Fuling County and Wulong County.
Fu Zhou remained intact during the Yuan dynasty and the Ming dynasty, and governed Wulong County. Fu Zhou would continue intact during the Qing dynasty, but was not divided into counties. During this time, Fu Zhou was under the jurisdiction of .
In 1913, shortly after the establishment of the Republic of China, Fu Zhou was reorganized as Fuling County. Fuling County initially fell under the jurisdiction of , then directly under the jurisdiction of Sichuan , and finally under the Eight Administrative Inspectorate of Sichuan.
Following the establishment of the People's Republic of China, the area saw administrative reforms in early 1950. Fuling County was reorganized as , under the jurisdiction of . Fuling Area governed seven counties: Fuling, Nanchuan, Fengdu, Shizhu, Wulong, Changshou and Pengshui. In 1952, was merged into Fuling Area, adding the counties of Dianjiang, Qianjiang, Youyang, and Xiushan. Changshou County was absorbed into Chongqing, which then had a prefecture-level status instead of its present provincial-level status, in 1958. Fuling Area was replaced by in 1968. Fuling County became a county-level city in 1983. The prefecture became a Three Gorges provincial planning region () the following year. In 1988, Qianjiang, Youyang, Xiushan, Pengshui, and Shizhu counties were transferred to the jurisdiction of the newly-organized . Nanchuan County was re-designated as a county-level city in 1994. On November 5, 1995, the State Council passed legislation to abolish the county-level city of Fuling and replace it with two districts: Zhicheng District () and Lidu District (). This change would come into effect in January 1996. In March 1996, Fuling Prefecture was re-designated as a prefecture-level city, which governed Zhicheng District, Lidu District, Nanchuan City, Dianjiang County, Fengdu County and Wulong County.
On September 15, 1996, legislature passed by the State Council placed the prefecture-level city of Fuling under the administration of Chongqing. On March 14, 1997, the National People's Congress changed Chongqing to become a direct-administered municipality. This was followed by legislation by the State Council on December 20, 1997 which abolished abolished Fuling's prefecture-level status, revoking Zhicheng District and Lidu District, and placing Nanchuan City, Wulong County, Fengdu County, and Dianjiang County all under the direct jurisdiction of Chongqing. The now-defunct Zhicheng District and Lidu District became contemporary Fuling District.
Geography
Fuling District is located on the southeastern edge of the Sichuan Basin, between latitude 29°21' to 30°01' north, and longitude 106°56' to 107°43' east, covering an area of . The easternmost point is Baijibao () in the town of , the westernmost point is Dachayuan () in the town of , the southernmost point is Jinjiadian () in the town of , and the northernmost point is Hongqiangyuan (). Fuling District spans from west to east, and from north to south. Fuling City is located at the confluence of the Wu River and the Yangtze, in the heart of the Three Gorges Reservoir Region.
Located in the central part of Chongqing, Fuling District is bordered by Fengdu County to the east, Wulong District and Nanchuan District to the south, Banan District to the west, and Changshou District and Dianjiang County to the north.
Climate
Fuling District has a monsoon-influenced humid subtropical climate (Köppen Cwa), with four distinct seasons and ample rainfall: winters are short, mild, and comparatively dry, while summers are long, hot, and humid. Monthly daily average temperatures range from in January to in August, while the annual mean is . The diurnal temperature variation is and is especially small during winter. Around 87% of the annual precipitation falls from April to October.
Demographics
Fuling District has a population of 1,115,016, according to the 2020 Chinese Census. This represents a 4.53% increase from the 1,066,714 recorded in the 2010 Chinese Census.
As of 2020, 71.85% of the district's population is urbanized, up from 55.80% in 2010.
Age and household structure
14.93% of the district's population is 14 years old or younger, 63.91% is between 15 and 59 years old, and 21.16% is 60 years old or older. 18.02% of the district's population is 65 years or older. Compared to 2010, the proportion of people age 14 or younger dropped 0.96%, the proportion of people age 15 to 59 fell 2.10%, and the proportion of people age 60 or older rose 3.06%. The proportion of people age 65 or older rose 5.63% from 2010 to 2020. The average household size in Fuling District totaled 2.44 people, a decrease from the 2.91 size recorded in 2010.
Educational attainment
12.85% of the district's population had attained a tertiary education, according to 2020 figures. An additional 16.97% of the district's population had attained a secondary education, an additional 34.88% attained a junior high education, an additional 28.44% attained a primary education, and the remaining 6.86% of the population had no formal education. People above the age of 14 in the district have attained an average of 9.68 years of formal education, an increase from the 8.73 years average recorded in 2010. Fuling District had a literacy rate of 98.57% as of 2020, an increase from 94.82% in 2010.
Administrative divisions
Fuling District administers 11 subdistricts, 14 towns, and 2 townships. These township-level divisions in turn administer 719 administrative villages and 80 residential communities.
2010 divisions
Economy
Fuling District had a total gross domestic product (GDP) of 140.274 billion renminbi (RMB) as of 2021, an 8.7% increase from 2020.
The district's primary sector accounted for 6.48% of total GDP in 2021, and grew at a rate of 6.4% from 2020; the secondary sector accounted for 55.80% of GDP, and grew 6.7% from 2020; the tertiary sector accounted for 37.72% of GDP, and grew 12.0% from 2020.
Transportation
Historically, Fuling was primarily served by the Yangtze river boats, as the development of ground transportation was slow, due to the difficult terrain.
Railways arrived to the Fuling area only in the 21st century. First was the Chongqing–Huaihua Railway, completed in 2005. Its Fuling Railway Station is located a few kilometers west of town ().
The high-speed Chongqing−Lichuan Railway, opened on December 28, 2013, serves Fuling as well, with its Fuling North Railway Station. This railway crosses the Yangtze near the city over the Hanjiatuo Bridge. The railway's Caijiagou Bridge (; ), located in Fuling District, is said to be the world's tallest railway bridge, as measured by the height of the bridge's tallest pillar (139 m). The Nanchuan–Fuling Railway, completed in 2012, forms part of Chongqing's outer railway ring.
As of 2015, Fuling had five Yangtze River bridges.
Education
Yangtze Normal University (formerly Fuling Teachers College) is in Fuling. The university hosted Peace Corps volunteers from 1996 until 2020, when the last volunteers were evacuated from the Peace Corps China program in the wake of COVID-19.
Culture
The White Crane Ridge (Baiheliang), a rock outcrop on the Yangtze River, has been used as a hydrological station recording water levels since the Tang Dynasty. It includes many rock carvings. With the flooding of the Yangtze as part of the Three Gorges Dam project, the White Crane Ridge Underwater Museum was opened in 2009 to protect the carvings and allow viewing by visitors under the new water level of the river.
Cuisine
Fuling is well known for its Wu River brand zha cai pickled mustard tuber. The Fuling Zhacai company is listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, and in 2021 celebrated selling 15 billion packets.
According to Peter Hessler, as of 1998, most residents of Fuling are genetically incapable of being alcoholics. When imbibing large amounts of alcohol many people became so sick and they could not drink heavily all the time. Therefore, according to Hessler, consumption of alcohol was not habitual but instead was a ritual, and therefore drinking patterns were "abusive with light consequences."
See also
River Town: Two Years on the Yangtze
Fuling Catholic Church
White Crane Ridge
Baiheliang Underwater Museum
816 Nuclear Military Plant
Notes
Bibliography
Hessler, Peter. River Town: Two Years on the Yangtze (ebook edition). HarperCollins e-books.
External links
Official site
Districts of Chongqing
Theclopsis is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are found in the Neotropical realm.
Species
Theclopsis demea (Hewitson, 1874) Nicaragua, Panama
Theclopsis lydus (Hübner, [1819]) Surinam, French Guiana, Venezuela, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Brazil
Theclopsis murex (Druce, 1907) Brazil(Rio Grande do Sul, Rio de Janeiro)
Theclopsis leos (Schaus, 1913) Costa Rica
Theclopsis epidius (Godman & Salvin, [1887]) Panama, Colombia
Theclopsis gargara (Hewitson, 1868) Brazil (Pará), Colombia, Panama.
Theclopsis mycon (Godman & Salvin, [1887]) Mexico, Guatemala, Panama, Colombia, Amazonas
Theclopsis aurina Robbins, 2002 Colombia
External links
"Theclopsis Godman & Salvin, [1887]" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Frederick DuCane Godman
Taxa named by Osbert Salvin
Polylopha phaeolopha is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Queensland, Australia.
References
Moths described in 1925
Polyorthini
Imma trichinota is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found on Sulawesi and Bali.
The wingspan is 17–18 mm. The forewings are dark purplish fuscous, in males with a longitudinal impression beneath the costa from one-sixth to the middle, containing a tuft of long ochreous-whitish scales from the posterior extremity, covered by a flap of very long fuscous hairs from the anterior extremity. The costal edge is ochreous white from before the middle to three-fourths. The hindwings are dark fuscous, towards the base thinly scaled, with undefined semitransparent median and subdorsal streaks.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Indonesia
Bozlar is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
The 2002 Au Sable Forks earthquake was an unusual and rare earthquake that struck North Country in 20 April, 2002 at 06:50:45 local time. This earthquake had a moment magnitude of 5.1 and a Modified Mercalli Intensity of VII (Very strong). There was damage near the epicenter however there were no injuries nor deaths. Shortly after, another earthquake measuring 3.7 struck the same area.
Geologic setting
This earthquake and its aftershocks are located on the northeastern side of the Adirondack massif, on the Champlain fault zone. This fault zone is characterized by north-south striking brittle faults. These faults include both normal, usually high angle, and thrust/reverse faults. While Grenville-age structure is mostly striking east to west and is generally quite complex, the hard structure in the Adirondack Mountains are influenced by regional fracture zones that are trending north-northeast. Some of these are traced for hundreds of kilometers across the entire Adirondack massif and they have a clear expression in the morphology. However they cannot generally be classified as faults because they have surprisingly little accumulated displacement.
Earthquake
The earthquake that occurred near the town of Au Sable Forks, NY, on the 20th of April 2002 was the largest earthquake to strike the region since 1988 and the biggest to be observed on regional broadband station networks. The shaking was felt in a wide region from Canada to Pennsylvania. This event had a north-south striking thrust (reverse) fault mechanism at a depth of 8.7 km, which is consistent with the trend of usual faulting in the area. There were 80 aftershocks recorded more than a year after the earthquake, which 3 of them had a magnitude of 3.0 or larger.
Impact
Substantial damage was caused to roads, bridges, chimneys and water mains in Clinton and Essex counties. People also reported damage to homes like cracked walls and foundations, items knocked off shelves as well as broken windows. Despite the damages and the felt intensity, no one was injured or killed.
Response
On May 16th 2002, a disaster declaration was issued by the President George W. Bush for the Clinton, Essex, Franklin, Hamilton, Warren, and Washington counties.
See also
List of earthquakes in 2002
List of earthquakes in the United States
1944 Cornwall–Massena earthquake
References
External links
2002 earthquakes
New York
2002 in New York (state)
April 2002 events in the United States
2002 natural disasters in the United States
François Lamy (1636 – 11 April 1711) was a French Benedictine ascetical and apologetic writer, of the Congregation of St-Maur.
Life
Lamy was born at Montireau in the Department of Eure-et-Loir. While fighting a duel, he was saved from a fatal sword-thrust by a book of the Rule of St. Benedict which he carried in his pocket. Seeing the finger of God in this, he took the Benedictine habit at the monastery of St-Remi at Reims in 1658. Shortly after his elevation to the priesthood he was appointed subprior of St-Faron at Meaux, but a year later resigned this position.
During 1672-5 he taught philosophy at the monasteries of Mont St-Quentin and St-Médard in Soissons. He was the first of the Maurists to teach the Cartesian system of philosophy.
In 1676 he came to St-Germain-des-Prés near Paris where he taught theology until 1679. The general chapter of 1687 appointed him prior of Rebais in the Diocese of Meaux, but he was ordered by the king to resign his office in 1689. The remainder of his life he spent in literary pursuits at the Abbey of St-Denis near Paris, where he died.
Works
He was one of the most famous writers of his times and was an intimate friend of Bossuet. Of his twenty printed works the following are the most important:
"Vérité évidente de la Religion chrétienne" (Paris, 1694)
"Le Nouvel Athéisme Renversé, ou réfutation du système de Spinoza" (Paris, 1696; 2nd ed., Brussels, 1711)
"Sentiments de piété sur la profession religieuse" (Paris, 1697)
"De la Connaissance de soi-même" (5 vols., Paris, 1694-8; 2nd ed., 1700), which raised a controversy between the author and Malebranche concerning the disinterested love of God
"Lettre d'un théologien à un de ses amis" (Paris, 1699)
"Plainte de l'apologiste des Bénédictins à MM. les prélats de France" (Paris, 1699)
"L'incrédule amené à la Religion par la Raison" (Paris, 1710)
"De la Connaissance et de l'Amour de Dieu" (Paris, 1712)
In the last two treatises the author defends the Maurist edition of the works of Augustine of Hippo against the Jansenists and the Jesuits.
References
Tassin, Histoire litteraire de la Congregation de St-Maur (Brussels, 1770), 351-67
Le Cerf, Bibliothèque historique et critique des auteurs de la Congregation de St-Maur (La Haye, 1726), 185-95.
Specific
1636 births
1711 deaths
People from Eure-et-Loir
French Benedictines
17th-century French Catholic theologians
Meir Banai (‎; 5 July 1960 – 12 January 2017) was an Israeli musician, singer, and songwriter.
Biography
Meir Banai was born in Beersheba in 1961, the son of Yitzhak Banai, to a traditional Jewish family which has produced various actors and singers, such as Orna Banai, Eviatar Banai, Ehud Banai, Yuval Banai, and Yossi Banai.
In 1999, he and Arkadi Duchin collaborated on a very successful recording. Tal Sondak, who represented Israel at the Eurovision Song Contest in 2001, says that Banai was one of his musical influences. In March 2004, Banai made his U.S. debut at Makor in New York City.
Shma Koli ("Hear My Voice") in 2007 was a CD packed with traditional Jewish texts and prayers. The arrangements are based on traditional tunes but have been given a modern infusion. The single, "Lech Elay" became a hit as soon as it was released. Haaretz wrote that Banai, in composing some of the songs on his "excellent 'Jewish' album", created an upswing in the melody at key points in songs, in which the speaker/narrator lifts up his eyes to the heavens and calls upon God. As of February 2008, Shma Koli had sold more than 15,000 copies, according to NMC figures).
In February 2008, the Israeli lottery, Mifal HaPayis, announced that Banai was a winner of the Landau Award for Stage Arts, an award for excellence in the Arts. After not appearing together on stage for a decade, Arkadi Duchin and Banai performed together in April 2009. He released ten albums.
Death
Banai died from esophageal cancer on 12 January 2017 in Hemed at the age of 56.
Discography
Albums
The First Album (1984)
Rain (1987)
Impressions Live (1988)
The Colors Change/Changing Colors (1990)
Including/In Between (1992)
The Wandering Tune (1996)
Heart Cracked/Fractured Heart (2001)
How Much Love (2002)
Shma Koli (2007)
Collections
See also
Music of Israel
References
1961 births
2017 deaths
Meir
Israeli Sephardi Jews
20th-century Israeli male singers
Israeli pop singers
Israeli male songwriters
Jewish Israeli musicians
Jewish singers
Jewish songwriters
Musicians from Beersheba
Israeli people of Iranian-Jewish descent
Deaths from cancer in Israel
Deaths from esophageal cancer
21st-century Israeli male singers
Sakee () is a 2019 Sri Lankan Sinhala children's drama film directed and produced by Indika Wickramarachchi for Samagi Films collaborated with Youth Cinema Resort. It stars new cast of actors and actresses where Mike Prasin, Krishmi Cooray, Manjula Saman Kumari and Upul Weerasinghe in lead roles along with Amaa Kavindya and Rohitha Manawaduge. Music composed by Sujeewa Indika.
Plot
Cast
Mike Prasin
Krishmi Cooray
Upul Weerasinghe
Amaa Kavindya
Rohitha Manawaduge
Sanjeewa Wickramasinghe
Rachel Fernando
Upul Weerasinghe
Gunapala Manatunga
Saki Sithumina
Manjula Saman Kumari
Palitha Amarasekara
Songs
The film consist with two songs.
References
External links
Sakee on Sinhala Cinema Database
2019 films
2010s Sinhala-language films
Family with sequence similarity 19 member A4, C-C motif chemokine like is a protein that in humans is encoded by the FAM19A4 gene.
Function
This gene is a member of the TAFA family which is composed of five highly homologous genes that encode small secreted proteins. These proteins contain conserved cysteine residues at fixed positions, and are distantly related to MIP-1alpha, a member of the CC-chemokine family. The TAFA proteins are predominantly expressed in specific regions of the brain, and are postulated to function as brain-specific chemokines or neurokines, that act as regulators of immune and nervous cells. Alternatively spliced transcript variants have been observed for this gene. [provided by RefSeq, Nov 2011].
References
Further reading
The velvet asity (Philepitta castanea) is a species of bird in the family Philepittidae. It is endemic to Madagascar.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Male P. castanea have yellow tips to its feathers when newly molted, but these wear off, leaving the bird all black; at the same time, a green wattle grows above the eye. The female is greenish.
Velvet asities eat berries and other fruit in undergrowth, and they build hanging nests with a little roof over the entrance.
References
https://www.britannica.com/animal/asity#ref129199
External links
Philepitta
Birds described in 1776
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Putty Squad is a 1994 video game developed by System 3 and published by Maximum Games and Ocean Software. It was originally developed for the Amiga 1200, but that version was not released until the end of 2013; prior to that date the SNES version was the only one to be released. Sega Mega Drive and MS-DOS ports also existed, but were cancelled. It is the sequel to Putty (1992). In December 2013, the Amiga version was released as a Christmas gift on System 3's website. In October 2015, the Mega Drive version was also released by a Sega-16 user who got a hold of a working prototype.
A remake was released in November 2013 for PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, PlayStation Vita, Nintendo 3DS, Xbox Live Arcade, and Microsoft Windows. In November 2017, Super Putty Squad was released for Nintendo Switch.
Overall, while the original versions received positive reviews, the 2013 remake received mixed reception from critics.
Gameplay
Putty Squad is a platform game in which the player controls an amorphous blue blob, tasked with rescuing imprisoned putties. The player's putty can stretch in a variety of ways: sideways to cover ground faster, squash flat to absorb pick-up items, stretch upwards to climb, morph a fist to attack, or inflate to float upwards.
Putty can collect stars that increase his attack power: at first increasing the potency of his punch, but later allowing him to blow darts, electrocute enemies or throw bombs. This star power is reduced every time Putty is hit by an enemy.
Original versions
The Amiga version of Putty Squad, although left unpublished until December 2013, was completely developed in 1994 to the point of demo versions being issued to magazines for release on cover disks, and Amiga magazines were also sent full review copies of Putty Squad, for which it received critical success. Amiga Format awarded a "Format Gold". Amiga Power awarded 91%, highlighting the varied level shapes, masterful animation, influence from the Mario video games (using a stunned enemy as a projectile weapon, secret doors, items hidden in blocks) and consistent game logic. Several instant-death situations were criticised: the bottom of the level is often difficult to distinguish, and falling through it kills Putty. Several enemies can also instantly kill Putty. CU Amiga awarded 94%, highlighting the fluid control and movement of Putty, balanced learning curve, presentation, and good use of the Amiga's AGA palette. This critical success, but lack of a published version, has made Putty Squad one of the most sought-after Amiga titles before its release in December 2013.
The Sega Mega Drive version was reportedly completed in 1995 and reviewed in several European magazines which were sent full review copies, like Spanish Hobby Consolas (#45, June 1995) and German GAMERS (August 1995 issue), but the game remained unpublished due to Ocean's diminishing support of the console and lack of interest from retailers. Prototypes of the game are known to exist, although none of them have been leaked into the public domain, making it a sought-after title in the scene of Mega Drive unreleased games. It was finally released by a Sega-16 user who got a hold of a working prototype and dumped the ROM in October 2015.
The PC MS-DOS version was projected by System 3 in late 1995 and demo versions were issued to magazines for release on cover disks, much like the Amiga version. The PC version was improved in several ways, including CG introductory cutscenes prior to the levels. But due to lack of interest from publishers, the PC version never went beyond demo state and was not even finished by the developer unlike the other unreleased versions.
The Super Nintendo version is the only version of the original game to have been released prior to the long-awaited Amiga version in December 2013.
Remake
On August 12, 2010, System 3 announced that a source port/remake version of the game would be made for the PlayStation 3, iPhone, iPad and PlayStation Portable. Furthermore, a version for the PlayStation Vita was announced on November 22, 2011. In May 2013, the game was announced for Wii U and Nintendo 3DS. Only the Nintendo 3DS version was eventually released in 2014.
An HD port of the game was released for the Nintendo Switch in 2017 under the new title Super Putty Squad. The game was released worldwide via Nintendo eShop in November 2017, whilst physical retail copies launched only in Europe on 1 December 2017.
Maximum Games published the game in North America for PlayStation 4, PlayStation Vita, and Nintendo 3DS as retail releases, whilst System 3 themselves published all other releases.
The remake received very critical reviews, scoring a 38/100 on Metacritic, with reviews stating that the game has not been improved for the more modern consoles. However, the 3DS version had a more favourable response, with a 54 out of 100.
References
External links
Putty Squad at Amiga Reviews
Putty Squad at MobyGames
1994 video games
Amiga 1200 games
Cancelled Amiga games
Cancelled DOS games
Cancelled PlayStation Portable games
Cancelled Sega Genesis games
Cancelled Wii U games
Cancelled iOS games
Nintendo 3DS eShop games
Nintendo 3DS games
Nintendo Switch games
Ocean Software games
PlayStation 3 games
PlayStation 4 games
PlayStation Network games
PlayStation Vita games
Super Nintendo Entertainment System games
Windows games
Xbox 360 games
Xbox 360 Live Arcade games
Video game remakes
Single-player video games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
KAPO Avia was a large global cargo airline with its main base in Moscow (DME) and a secondary base in Kazan. It operated a fleet of ex-passenger (converted) Ilyushin Il-62M aircraft with a maintenance base capable of maintaining both the Il-62 and the Tupolev Tu-214. KAPO was one of the top ten largest freight carriers in Russia and was owned by the Kazan Aircraft Production Association who manufacture and/or maintain the Tupolev Tu-214, Tupolev Tu-334 and Ilyushin Il-62.
Destinations
Belarus:
Minsk
China:
Shanghai
Shijiazhuang
Tianjin
Ürümqi
Egypt:
Cairo
Estonia:
Tallinn
Hungary:
Budapest
India:
Delhi
Iraq:
Baghdad
Kazakhstan:
Karaganda
Lithuania:
Kaunas
Moldova:
Chisinau
Russia:
Anadyr (town)
Kazan
Khabarovsk
Krasnoyarsk
Magadan
Moscow
Norilsk
Novosibirsk
Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky
St Petersburg
Yakutsk
Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk
Turkey:
Istanbul
Ukraine:
Dnipro
United Arab Emirates:
Dubai
Sharjah
Fleet
External links
Homepage (Russian) - http://www.kapoavia.ru
References
Defunct airlines of Russia
Companies based in Tyumen Oblast
Micromania-Zing, formerly Micromania is the major video game retail company in France founded in 1983 by Albert Loridan. From 2005 to 2014, it tripled in size under the leadership of Pierre Cuilleret.
In 2008 it was purchased by GameStop for approximately US$700 million (€480 million) in cash.
In 2017 the company merged with its sister company Zing Pop Culture and changed its name to Micromania-Zing. Zing was launched in 2015 for distribution of derivative products of game franchises: manga, comics, films, etc. The consolidating merge addressed the decrease in gaming revenues.
References
GameStop
Video game retailers
Retail companies of France
Retail companies established in 1983
2008 mergers and acquisitions
Defunct video game companies of France
Stipecoma is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1860. It contains only one known species, Stipecoma peltigera, native to Brazil and Bolivia.
formerly included in the genus
Stipecoma macrocalyx (Müll.Arg.) Miers = Peltastes macrocalyx (Müll.Arg.) Woodson
Stipecoma mucronata Miers = Peltastes peltatus (Vell.) Woodson
Stipecoma ovata Miers = Peltastes peltatus (Vell.) Woodson
Stipecoma parabolica Miers = Peltastes peltatus (Vell.) Woodson
Stipecoma peltata (Vell.) Miers = Peltastes peltatus (Vell.) Woodson
Stipecoma plicata (A.DC.) Miers = Peltastes peltatus (Vell.) Woodson
Stipecoma pulchra Miers = Peltastes pulcher (Miers) J.F.Morales
Stipecoma speciosa Miers = Peltastes peltatus (Vell.) Woodson
References
Flora of South America
Monotypic Apocynaceae genera
Echiteae
The Stadion Dynamo imeni Valeria Lobanovskoho is a multi-functional stadium in Kyiv, Ukraine that is modified for football use only.
It is the home stadium of FC Dynamo Kyiv yet not the main stadium, for which Dynamo uses the bigger NSC Olympiyskiy. The Dynamo Stadium is also a major alternative stadium for the Ukrainian national football team that often plays its exhibition games. The stadium holds 16,873 people, and was built in 1934 as Vsevolod Balitsky Dynamo Stadium by the project of Vasyl Osmak as the central stadium of the Ukrainian SSR Dynamo sports society associated with OGPU/NKVD. It was built in the park area next to the NKVD building which is today is known the Government building.
History
The Dynamo Stadium was built in 1934 during transferring of the Soviet capital from Kharkiv to Kyiv. It was built near the newly erected building that was initially intended as a republican NKVD headquarters in Kyiv (today building of the Government of Ukraine).
The stadium current name was given in honour of the former Dynamo Kyiv and USSR national football team coach Valeriy Lobanovskyi in 2002, who died on 13 May that year, at age 63.
In January 2014, the square adjoining the stadium's main gate from Hrushevskoho Street became scene of the month-long street battle between attacking activists of the Euromaidan revolution and police. At several moments, the clashes took place immediately on top of the stadium gate, with at least one rioter filmed being thrown down at the pavement by police officers. The square, the entrance colonnade & stadium fence were completely smoked over by prolonged artificial tyres-fed fire, as well as surrounding street buildings. By 2015, the entrance square was completely restored. The only reminder of the revolution events is an amateur monument erected in the middle of the Hrushevskoho Street driveway opposite the stadium gate. In 2017, new seats were installed as the ground was chosen to host the final of the 2017–18 UEFA Women's Champions League.
Monuments
In 1971, near the stadium was installed a monument of the Dynamo players involved in the game known in the Soviet historiography as the Death Match and the players who perished in the World War II. The sculpture is composed of steel, in which figures of four players are carved using high relief. The architects responsible for the sculpture, V. Bogdanovska and I. Maslenkov, are well known for designing stations of the Kyiv Metro. The sculptor was I. Gorovyi. The monument is located by the service entrance to the stadium, so many fans are unable to see it.
On 11 May 2003, before the first anniversary of the death of Valeriy Lobanovskyi, a monument was opened. The famous coach is sitting on the trainer's bench and is watching a match. The pedestal is a large ball. The total weight is about 5 tonnes. The monument was created by a group of nine people led by the architect Vasil Klimenko and the sculptor Vladimir Filatov. The sculpture is located between the stadium and the main entrance to the stadiums.
Gallery
See also
Dynamo FC
Dynamo (Ukraine), Ukrainian fitness-sports association
References
External links
Dynamo Stadium, fanat.com.ua amateur site
Pylypchuk, B. How comfortable is to attend the UPL games: Lobanovskyi Dynamo Stadium (FC Olimpik) (Наскільки комфортно ходити на матчі УПЛ: стадіон Динамо ім. Валерія Лобановського (ФК Олімпік)). Football 24. 30 March 2017
Kolomoyets, A. Kiev Dynamo Stadium is 85 years old! (Київському стадіону «Динамо» – 85 років!). Ukrainian Premier League. 11 June 2018
Sports venues completed in 1933
Event venues established in 1933
Sports venues built in the Soviet Union
Football venues in Kyiv
1933 establishments in Ukraine
FC Dynamo Kyiv
Sports venues in Kyiv
Pecherskyi District
Hrushevsky Street (Kyiv)
The 1928 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the first staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship. The championship began on 20 May 1928 and ended on 27 October 1929.
Cork won the title following a 7-6 to 4-0 victory over Dublin in a second replay of the final.
Teams
Team summaries
Results
Leinster Minor Hurling Championship
Munster Minor Hurling Championship
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
The Miss Trinidad & Tobago Pageant is a beauty pageant that has been held annually since 1954. The contest is meant to select a suitable delegate from the twin island republic, to compete in the Miss World pageant. The nation has one Miss World, Miss World 1986, Giselle Laronde.
History
Miss Trinidad & Tobago registered trademark started in 1954 exclusively for Miss World. The first Miss Trinidad and Tobago contest started in 1954 where the eventual winner, Seeta Indranie Mahabir represented the British Commonwealth country at the fourth edition of the contest. Trinidad and Tobago have never withdrawn from the Miss World contest since the 70's. It is the only international contest (Miss World) that they have been consistent in sending a representative to. The Miss World brand is the most established pageant brand in the country. According to Google trends, T&T is ranked 4th as per most searches for Miss World. The British High Commissioner in Trinidad and Tobago (1950's to 1970's) were responsible for sending Miss Trinidad and Tobago winner to Miss World. Then in 1979, they gave the rights to local socialite and businesswoman, Kim Sabeeny. Kim Sabeeny died in 1999. Peter Elias then took over the franchise with Trinidad and Tobago first Miss World, Giselle Laronde. Peter Elias resigned after Gabrielle Walcott placed 2nd runner-up at the 58th edition of the Miss World contest. He gave the directorship to Micheal Raghunanan and Daniel Seebaran in 2009. In 2013, Athaliah Samuel held the franchise and there was a dispute between the franchise holder and the then-titleholder, Shereece Villafana, who was then stripped of her title by the national franchise holder after competing in Miss World. In 2014, Vanessa Manoo and Nicaraguan Businessman, Gregory Lewin took over the company for the next three years. The current directors of Miss T&T Company are Charu Lochan Dass under the tutelage of Brian Gopaul and Dr. Reiaz Mohammed (Vice National Director) who took over the organisation for Miss Trinidad and Tobago in 2018.
Description
Miss Trinidad and Tobago's mission are to inspire and empower the young women of Trinidad and Tobago to become the best version of themselves.
Official broadcaster
TTT, 1962 - 2004
Television 4 (TV4), 2005
CTV, 2006 – 2012
CNC3, 2013 – present
Team Members
The Miss World Trinidad and Tobago Board of Directors for 2018 are:
Brian Gopaul - National Franchise Holder
Charu Lochan Dass - National Director
Dr. Reiaz Mohammed - Co National Pageant Director
Sheree Ann Ramsingh - Chief Operating Officer
Jevon King - Dep. Chief Operating Officer
Peter Sheppard - Art, History, & Culture Director
Richard Ahong - Producer
Vaughnette Bigford - Fashion & Entertainment Director
Kavita Maharaj (Genie) - Photography / Social Media Manager
Kiran Maharaj - Digital Media Manager
Titleholders
Miss Trinidad and Tobago national pageant is a contest meant to select a representative for Miss World.
Color key
Miss International
Miss Asia Pacific
Best Model of the Universe
References
External links
Beauty pageants in Trinidad and Tobago
Trinidad and Tobago
Recurring events established in 1966
Trinidad and Tobago awards
Susan Foster is an American jewelry designer and philanthropist.
Early life
Susan Foster was raised in East Hampton, New York. She grew up surrounded by artisans and with artistic relatives. Foster resided close to the homes of Jackson Pollock as well as Willem de Kooning, where she found creative inspiration. Foster's artistic surroundings framed her upbringing and were a big influence on her future career as a jewelry designer.
Education
Foster studied in detail traditional jewelry design and creation with European goldsmiths. She further enhanced her knowledge by going to the esteemed Gemological Institute of America (GIA) and studied extensively diamonds, colored gemstones, synthetic gemstones, and pearl grading.
Career
Foster began her career as a jewelry designer in 1999 where her collection was soon featured on the covers of Mademoiselle, InStyle, Glamour, and Elle. At that time her collection was picked up by Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman. In 2008 Foster opened her exclusive, by-appointment-only boutique in Los Angeles, California.
t
In 2014, Foster relocated to New York City, where she currently works with private clients from her Upper East Side showroom, which was featured on the cover of NYC&G. Her Fifth Avenue showroom is decorated in authentic and rare Art Deco furnishings she collected during her global travels. New York's elite celebrated Foster's arrival and NY showroom at The Carlyle, a party hosted by Indre Rockefeller and British Vogue's Fashion Features Director, Sarah Harris. The event was attended by Nell Diamond, Model Jess Hart, Architectural Digest's Jane Keltner de Valle, Sarah Brown, Rickie De Sole, and covered by W Magazine.
Foster's fine jewelry collection is available with select retailers worldwide including Just One Eye in Los Angeles, Fivestory in New York, as well as Harrods and Matches.com in the UK. Susan Foster's jewelry has been featured in top publications including Vogue, Harper's Bazaar, Tatler, Marie Claire, Elle and InStyle. Foster's designs have been worn by notable celebrities including Kate Bosworth, Kerry Washington, Mandy Moore, Sarah Harris, Kate Hudson, Zoe Saldana and Mila Kunis. In 2016, Susan Foster's jewelry was auctioned off at Christie's for the private collection of President and Mrs. Ronald Reagan. In 2017, Foster was commissioned by Si Newhouse and the team at Conde Nast to custom create the retirement gift for long time powerhouse editor Alexandra Shulman. Ms. Shulman dedicated a page about Foster and her monogramed retirement earrings in her best selling London Times autobiography, called “Clothes... and Other Things That Matter”.
References
Living people
People from Queens, New York
Hunter College alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Arno Gruen (May 26, 1923 – October 20, 2015) was a Swiss-German psychologist and psychoanalyst.
Biography
Gruen was born in Berlin in 1923, and emigrated to the United States as a child in 1936 when his parents, James and Rosa Gruen, fled Germany to save their lives. During the journey, Gruen celebrated his Bar Mitzvah in the Great Synagogue of Warsaw, on June 6, 1936.
He studied at the City College of New York. Then, after completing his graduate studies in psychology at New York University, he trained in psychoanalysis under Theodor Reik at one of the first psychoanalytic training centers for psychologists, the National Psychological Association for Psychoanalysis in New York City.
Gruen held many teaching posts, including seventeen years as professor of psychology at Rutgers University. From 1979 on, he lived and practiced in Switzerland. Widely published in German, his groundbreaking first book to be released in English, The Betrayal of the Self, was published by Grove Press in 1988.
Gruen's place in the history of psychology can be summarized as follows. According to Sigmund Freud, human beings are born with an innate tendency to destruction and violence; throughout his scholarly and clinical career, Prof. Gruen challenged that assumption, arguing instead that at the root of evil lies self-hatred, a rage originating in a self-betrayal that begins in childhood, when autonomy is surrendered in exchange for the "love" of those who wield power over us.
To share in that subjugating power, people create a false self, a pleasing-to-others image of themselves that springs from a powerful, deep-seated fear of being hurt, humiliated or abandoned. Gruen traced this pattern of over-adaptation, and the fate of those who resist the pressure to conform, through a number of case studies, sociological phenomena—from Nazism to Reaganomics—and literary works. The insanity of rage and numbness that this hyper-conformity produces, unfortunately, goes widely unrecognized precisely because it has become the cold, tough "realism" that modern society inculcates into its members and even admires.
Gruen warned, however, that escape from these patterns lies not simply in rebellion, for rebels often remain emotionally tied to the objects of their rebellion, but in the development of a personal autonomy and a relinquishing of all forms of self-numbing and self-deception. His elegant and far-reaching conclusion, elaborated in the books and essays listed below, is that while autonomy and authenticity are not easily attained, their absence proves catastrophic to both the individual and society as the embittered conformists seek new victims on whom to wreak violence and avenge their psychic wounds.
In 2001, Gruen was awarded the Geschwister-Scholl-Preis for his work, Der Fremde in uns.
Works
Autonomy and Identification: The Paradox of their Opposition, The International Journal of Psychoanalysis, Vol. 49 1968 (4), p. 648; 1968
The Betrayal of the Self (New York: Grove Press, 1988).
The Insanity of Normality: Understanding Human Destructiveness (Berkeley: Human Development Books, 2007).
Notes
External links
Arno Gruen's books and articles currently available in English
Arno Gruen: complete bibliography in English with links to some articles
1923 births
2015 deaths
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to the United States
German psychologists
Analysands of Theodor Reik
American psychoanalysts
Jewish psychoanalysts
Erasmus Hall High School alumni
New York University alumni
The Connect World Tour, also known as Monsta X World Tour: To Connect, is the second worldwide concert tour by the South Korean boy group Monsta X following their successful and sold out world tour for the previous year Beautiful World Tour. The tour commenced on May 26, two months after the release of the group's sixth EP To Connect: Dejavu, starting off in Seoul, then visiting twelve more countries including the United Kingdom, Netherlands, Spain, Thailand, Hong Kong, Taiwan, United States, Mexico, Argentina, Chile, Brazil, and Japan.
Background
Asia
On February 22, their second world tour was announced, including eighteen cities, having their first show held in Seoul at Jangchung Arena on May 26 and 27. On April 13, Starship Entertainment revealed that the tickets for the two days Seoul concert had sold out within a minute upon the release on April 12 for three consecutive years.
For this tour, Monsta X collaborated with Swarovski for their specially tailored jackets. The total number of Swarovski crystals used for their jackets amounted to 500,000 for eleven outfits that were created by hand for the group.
Before the concert on June 30 in Bangkok, they visited local TV shows and held a press conference to promote their album and concert. The press conference was held on April 29 at the GCP Hall of the Grande Centre Point Hotel in Sukhumvit 55 and more than 100 reporters from local TV channels, radios and major newspapers covered the event, including Thai media channels such as Daily News, True Music, Tofupop Radio, and True Inside that had separate interviews with Monsta X. In addition, the TV channels such as Channel 3, Channel 7, and Channel 9 and newspapers such as Daily News, Kom Chad Luek, Kapook, Sanook, and Mthai joined the conference. On the same day, Monsta X also appeared on the program Rueng Lao Chao Née of Thailand's national television channel, Channel 3.
On August 25 and 26, Monsta X completed their two days encore concert held at SK Olympic Handball Gymnasium in Seoul where they were greeted by over 10,000 fans.
The group was initially scheduled for eighteen cities and twelve countries for the tour but Japan was added for a four-day concert starting from October 5 to October 7 at Chiba and October 10 at Osaka.
Europe
In May, after Monsta X began their tour in Seoul, they headed to Europe. The group were in London on June 17, in Amsterdam on June 20, and in Madrid on June 23. Their tour in Europe gathered over 15,000 fans who came all over the continent to see the boys.
In Europe, the concert brought the group media attention, including coverage by UK's daily newspapers The Guardian and Metro.
Americas
Monsta X held the tour around the United States of America which started on July 20 at Rosemont Theatre in Chicago and ended on August 3 at Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles. During their stay, they had sold out shows and interviews with local and nationwide TV programs such as BUILD Series, FOX5's Good Day New York, Access Hollywood, and FOX 11's Good Day L.A., magazines such as Billboard and Allure, as well as internet and radio shows such as BuzzFeed, 102.3 KIIS-FM's Jojo on the Radio, 104.3 MYFM's Valentine in the Morning, Radio Disney, Wild 94.9, Rhythm 105.9, iHeartRadio's ON With Mario Lopez, and Q 106.1's The Zach Sang Show. They ended their North American leg on August 5 in Mexico.
The group was able to film for the Viki Original mini music documentary When You Call My Name featuring Gallant during the tour in North America.
After the North American leg, the group went to South America, beginning on August 8 in Argentina, followed by August 10 in Chile, and end it on August 12 in Brazil.
Critical reception
Caroline Sullivan of The Guardian gave them and praised Monsta X's performance in London, noting that they are "a group that is skilled in singing, rapping and dancing among various musical genres".
Sarah Deen of Metro gave them and described Monsta X's performance as "spectacular", giving their all in performing and very dedicated to their fans, also commending the group's "uniqueness", calling them "chameleons" for being "convincing and unforced when trying out different concepts", owning every one.
Commercial performance
The tour gathered 10,675 attendees, with a gross sales of $1,317,823 for three reported shows out of twenty-one total shows.
Setlist
INTRO VCR
"Jealousy"
"Be Quiet"
"Beautiful"
MENT
"Gravity"
"Tropical Night"
MENT
"Blind"
"Crazy In Love"
"All In"
VCR
"I Do Love U" – Kihyun, Minhyuk, and Wonho
"Versace on the Floor" – Shownu and Jooheon
"How Long" – Hyungwon
"Impossible" – I.M
"Baby Shark" – Hyungwon and I.M
"Fake Love" – Hyungwon and I.M
"In Time"
MENT
"From Zero"
"Because of U"
MENT
"White Love"
"Roller Coaster"
VCR
"Lost In The Dream"
"Blue Moon"
MENT
"Destroyer"
"Shine Forever"
MENT
"Rush"
"Special"
"Trespass" (Rock ver.)
MENT
"Dramarama"
ENCORE
"Fallin'"
ENDING MENT
"If Only"
Notes:
included in the Seoul setlist only
included in the International setlist only
Japan had a different setlist which included Japanese songs
Tour dates
Boxscore
References
External links
2018 concert tours
K-pop concerts
François-Virgile Dubillard (16 February 1845 in Soye near Besançon. France – 1 December 1914 in Chambéry) was a cardinal of the Catholic Church, and Archbishop of Chambéry 1907–1914.
He was made cardinal in 1911 by Pope Pius X. He was too ill to take part in the 1914 conclave.
References
20th-century French cardinals
Archbishops of Chambéry
Bishops of Quimper
19th-century French Roman Catholic priests
1845 births
1914 deaths
Cardinals created by Pope Pius X
Paradichelia coenographa is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
The larvae feed on Camellia sinensis, Colocasia esculenta, Coffea and Lantana species.
References
Moths described in 1938
Archipini
The INEC card reader is a portable electronic voting authentication device configured to read only the Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs) issued by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) in Nigeria.
The card reader was designed for the accreditation process (authentication of eligible voters before voting). The machine was configured to read only the PVCs of a particular polling unit and can only work on election day.
Operation
The device uses a cryptographic technology with an ultra-low power consumption and processing frequency of 1.2 GHz and uses Android 4.0.0
It is positioned by its operators (usually trained INEC officials) to read the embedded chip on the Personal Voter Card (PVC). This card is placed into the device, which then displays the voter's details. The voter places their thumb on the device, and their identity is confirmed through Fingerprint authentication. It usually takes about 10 to 20 seconds to validate a voter.
On completion of accreditation process, a "Close V" key is used to complete the accreditation process and the total number of voters accredited can be previewed using a "Query" key. Afterwards, the result may be forwarded to INEC using the "Communication" key.
The card reader was first used for Nigeria's presidential election held on March 28, 2015.
References
Open hardware electronic devices
Dedicated application electronic devices
Hynčice (, ) is a little Silesian village, administratively part of Vražné municipality, located about 13 km west of Nový Jičín in Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic. According to 2001 census it had 58 houses and population of 232.
The village is best known for being the birthplace of Gregor Mendel while being named Heinzendorf.
References
External links
Vražné at bohemianet
Villages in Nový Jičín District
Pawan Kumar Singh is an Indian politician from West Bengal. He is the son of Arjun Singh of Barrackpore and a Member of the West Bengal Legislative Assembly from Bhatpara. The seat became vacant due to the resignation of sitting MLA Arjun Singh. In the by-election, Pawan Singh won the seat on the BJP ticket defeating former transport minister of West Bengal Madan Mitra.
Constituency
He Represents Bhatpara (Vidhan Sabha constituency).
Political Party
He is from Bharatiya Janata Party.
References
Living people
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from West Bengal
West Bengal MLAs 2016–2021
West Bengal MLAs 2021–2026
1990 births
K2-24 (also known as EPIC 203771098) is a metal-rich G3-type main sequence star larger and more massive than the Sun, located away in the constellation Scorpius. Two confirmed transiting exoplanets are known to orbit this star. An attempt to detect stellar companions using adaptive optics imaging at the Keck telescope was negative however later observations using lucky imaging at the Danish 1.54 m telescope at La Silla Observatory detected a possible companion at 3.8 arcseconds distance from K2-24. This candidate companion being over 8 magnitudes fainter than K2-24 and with a color temperature of , is inconsistent with a bound main sequence companion.
Planetary system
Discovery
Erik A. Petigura and team analyzed data obtained from the Kepler space telescope during its observation of the K2 Campaign 2 field. They reported the discovery and confirmation of both planets b and c. The Planetary signals were independently detected by Andrew Vanderburg and collaborators.
Characteristics
The two known planets in this system have radii equal to 5.4 and 7.5 times that of the Earth. This places both planets radii between that of Uranus and Saturn, a range not present within the Solar System. With orbital periods of 20.9 days and 42.4 days, the planets are within 1% of the 2:1 mean-motion resonance. The low observed eccentricities and near orbital resonance provide evidence regarding the formation and evolution of the system, suggesting that they could possibly have resulted from gravitational interactions with a protoplanetary disk. K2-24c at 15.4 earth masses is significantly lighter than K2-24b's 19 Earth masses despite being a larger planet. It is estimated that K2-24b's atmosphere makes up 26% of its mass while K2-24c's atmosphere makes up 52%. The current model of core-nucleated accretion predicts that runaway accretion should occur when a planet reaches approximately 50% atmosphere by mass, this makes K2-24c a potential challenge to the model.
References
External links
The Extrasolar Planets Encyclopaedia entry for K2-24b
The Extrasolar Planets Encyclopaedia entry for K2-24c
G-type main-sequence stars
Scorpius (constellation)
Planetary systems with two confirmed planets
Planetary transit variables
The 1957 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 27th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928. The championship began on 31 March 1957 and ended on 2 September 1957.
Tipperary entered the championship as the defending champions in search of a third successive title.
On 2 September 1957 Tipperary won the championship following a 4-7 to 3-7 defeat of Kilkenny in the All-Ireland final. This was their third All-Ireland title in-a-row and their 11th title overall.
Team summaries
Results
Connacht Minor Hurling Championship
Leinster Minor Hurling Championship
Munster Minor Hurling Championship
First round
Semi-final
Final
Ulster Minor Hurling Championship
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
Statistics
Miscellaneous
Jimmy Doyle of Tipperary became the first player to win three All-Ireland medals. It is a record that still stands as of 2019.
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
A Ramadan tent is a venue erected during the month of Ramadan for people to eat the daily Iftar meal. They are common across the Middle East and can be found anywhere there are communities of Muslims. Ramadan tents provide a place for people to meet with friends and family after the daily fast is broken at sunset. People gather there to eat Iftar, drink tea, and smoke shisha. Ramadan tents are traditionally a family or neighborhood affair in the Middle East. A Jordanian journalist described a typical Ramadan tent thus in 2008:
In recent years, restaurants and hotels have begun running Ramadan tents to attract customers. Most luxury hotels (4- or 5-star) hotels in Jordan, the UAE, and other countries set up Ramadan tents. These for-profit Ramadan tents typically charge an entrance fee of $10 to $15, though more expensive ones at nice hotels will charge $36 or more. More upscale Ramadan tents also often have music or other entertainment. The highly commercial and materialistic nature of these Ramadan tents has led many in the Middle East to criticize them for cheapening the holiday and in particular for associating "corporate-sponsored materialism with morality." However, some do not share this negative opinion of Ramadan tents; the aforementioned Jordanian journalist writes that:
In contrast to this materialism, some charitable organizations and individuals host free Ramadan tents that are open to strangers, especially the poor and those who otherwise have nowhere to go for Iftar. These charitable Ramadan tents are rarer than the lavish, commercial kind, although they can be found in countries with Muslim populations around the world. One such organization, the Ramadan Tent Project (RTP), hosts free Iftar dinners in open Ramadan tents that have served more than 50,000 people on four continents. These open Ramadan tents have been in operation since RTP was founded in 2011 by a graduate student at the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS) in London. The open Iftar dinners of the RTP are open to people of all faiths.
History
Ramadan tents are a relatively recent tradition, and they do not date back to the origins of the holiday. Ramadan tents are believed to have their origin in Egyptian "saradek," tents set up in Cairo for people to offer their condolences. Over time, organizations and merchants began to use these saradek. Saradek became venues for providing food and shelter to the needy, particularly during the winter months. This marked the beginning of its transition to becoming the Ramadan tent that is well-known today. Soon, the saradek merged with the preexisting traditions of Arab hospitality and lavish Iftar dinners to create the modern Ramadan tent. However, Ramadan tents only became popular in the Levant following the end of the Lebanese Civil War in 1990, when they were introduced to Lebanon by a prominent businessman from the Tabbara family. Because Ramadan tents are a recent tradition, they are considered bid‘ah (Arabic: بدعة) – innovation or heresy.
References
Ramadan
Tents
Renate A. Tobies (born January 25, 1947) is a German mathematician and historian of mathematics known for her biographies of Felix Klein and Iris Runge.
Education and career
Tobies grew up in East Germany, and studied mathematics and chemistry at Leipzig University. She completed a doctoral dissertation (Dr. paed.) on the history of chemistry education, Die Entwicklung des allgemeinbildenden Chemieunterrichts auf dem Gebiet der DDR unter besonderer Berücksichtigung der ideologischen Erziehung (1945 bis zum VIII. Parteitag der SED), there in 1975. After briefly teaching pharmacy, she took a position in Leipzig's Institute for the History of Medicine and Natural Sciences, specializing in the history of mathematics. She completed her habilitation there, and earned a second doctorate (Dr.sc.) in 1986 with a dissertation Die gesellschaftliche Stellung deutscher mathematischer Organisationen und ihre Funktion bei der Veränderung der gesellschaftlichen Wirksamkeit der Mathematik (1871 - 1933).
The German reunification led to a drastic reduction in the size of the Leipzig institute, and in 1993 Tobies took a Sofja Kowalewskaja Visiting Professorship at the University of Kaiserslautern. After several additional visiting professorships at the Technical University of Braunschweig, University of Göttingen, University of Stuttgart, and University of Linz, she settled at the University of Jena until her retirement.
Books
Tobies is the author or editor of books including:
Felix Klein (Teubner, 1981)
"Aller Männerkultur zum Trotz": Frauen in Mathematik, Naturwissenschaften und Technik [Despite the all-male culture: Women in mathematics, science, and technology] (Campus Verlag, 1997, reprinted 2008)
Mathematik auf den Versammlungen der Gesellschaft Deutscher Naturforscher und Ärzte 1843–1890 [Mathematics at the meetings of the Society of German Naturalists and Physicians 1843–1890] (with Klaus Volkert, Wissenschaftliche Verlagsgesellschaft MBH, 1998)
Brieftagebuch zwischen Max Planck, Carl Runge, Bernhard Karsten, und Adolf Leopold (ed. with Klaus Hentschel, ERS Verlag, 1999)
Traumjob Mathematik! Berufswege von Frauen und Männern in der Mathematik [Dream job mathematics! Career paths of women and men in mathematics] (with Andrea Abele and Helmut Neunzert, Birkhäuser, 2004)
Biographisches Lexikon in Mathematik promovierter Personen an deutschen Universitäten und Technischen Hochschulen WS 1907/08 bis WS 1944/45 [Biographical dictionary of persons graduated in mathematics at German universities and technical universities WS 1907/08 to WS 1944/45] (Erwin Rauner Verlag, 2006)
Morgen möchte ich wieder 100 herrliche Sachen ausrechnen: Iris Runge bei Osram und Telefunken [Tomorrow I would like to calculate another 100 marvelous things: Iris Runge at Osram and Telefunken] (Franz Steiner Verlag, 2010), revised as Iris Runge: A Life at the Crossroads of Mathematics, Science, and Industry (Valentine A. Pakis, trans., Birkhäuser, 2012)
Margarete Kahn und Klara Löbenstein: Mathematikerinnen – Studienrätinnen – Freundinnen (with York-Egbert König and Christina Prauss, Hentrich und Hentrich, 2011)
Women in Industrial Research (ed. with Annette B. Vogt, Franz Steiner Verlag, 2014).
Recognition
Tobies became a corresponding member of the International Academy of the History of Science in 2007.
References
External links
Home page
1947 births
Living people
20th-century German mathematicians
Women mathematicians
Historians of mathematics
Leipzig University alumni
Leipzig University faculty
Technical University of Kaiserslautern faculty
Technical University of Braunschweig faculty
University of Göttingen faculty
University of Stuttgart faculty
Johannes Kepler University Linz faculty
University of Jena faculty
21st-century German mathematicians
20th-century German historians
21st-century German historians
Gaines Ferry was a ferry on the Sabine River, between what is now Sabine Parish, Louisiana and Sabine County, Texas, at the eastern terminus of Texas State Highway 21, and the western terminus of LA 6. Much of the early history of New Spain, France, Mexico, the Republic of Texas, the United States, including the American Civil War, and the U.S. states of Texas and Louisiana, involve some aspect of Gaines Ferry. It was a major highway to the west and cattle trail east, a port of entry for the Republic of Texas, and a transportation road for military supplies and soldiers during the American Civil War that included transporting cotton to Mexico. Gaines Ferry was the northern entry for many colonists heading to Texas, and it was named after James Gaines who purchased it in 1819. The ferry saw continuous service until 1937.
History
The ferry, formerly Chabanan Ferry circa 1795, was a major crossing between what was to become the states of Texas and Louisiana, across a point where the Gaines-Pendleton Bridge is now located, at the site of the old town of Pendleton, near Milam, Texas. The road leading to the ferry was part of the El Camino Real highway, a series of roads in Louisiana that converged at, or near, the crossing. The road ran from Natchitoches, Louisiana, across the Sabine via the ferry into Texas, through Milam, historic San Augustine and Nacogdoches and then to Mexico City. It was also referred to as the King's Highway, the Old San Antonio Road and also the El Camino Real de Los Tejas or El Camino Real de los Tejas National Historic Trail.
The Sabine River boundary
The Sabine river was a matter of contention between countries, states, and governments for years. Long a disputed boundary, the issue was left unresolved by the Treaty of Fontainebleau that ceded it from France to Spain, the Third Treaty of San Ildefonso ceding it back to France, and the 1803 Louisiana Purchase agreement ceding it to the United States. The Neutral Ground (Louisiana) military agreement of 1806 created the Sabine Free State during the interim and the Adams–Onís Treaty of 1819, that was not ratified until 1821, was supposed to be the solution. The Mexican independence of Texas from New Spain provided further fuel to the dispute, but this was settled with Texas's independence from Mexico.
James Gaines
James Taylor Gaines was born November 14, 1776, Robert Thomas in Culpeper County, Virginia but changed his name in 1810. He was a member of the famed Pendleton family that included a double first cousin, General Edmund Pendleton Gaines, a great uncle, Edmund Pendleton and cousins, Nathaniel Pendleton, John Penn, and John Taylor of Caroline, and was a distant cousin to James Madison. Edmund P. Gains was involved in the arrest and presentation for prosecution against Aaron Burr. Aaron Burr was the second cousin of Dr. Timothy Burr, the owner of Burr's Ferry, and founder of Burr Ferry, about 35 miles down river.
Although history is lacking on his education James Gaines was extremely well educated. Aside from owning a ferry, he also owned a mercantile store, an Inn, was a captain and raised and commanded Alabama and Coushatta Indians troops in the Gutiérrez-Magee expedition, fought in the War of 1812, served as alcalde in 1824, sheriff in 1828, and was Post Master for years. Gaines was a leader in the forces opposing Haden Edwards in the Fredonian Rebellion and the brief Republic of Fredonia. After building the first house, purchasing the ferry, and building a second house for in-laws, he enlisted Thomas Stuart McFarland to survey for a town and named it Pendleton. He sold the ferry and lands in 1843, after owning it over 23 years, and moved to Nacogdoches, where he was a signer of the Texas Declaration of Independence and helped write the Constitution of the Republic of Texas. He then served as a senator in the Republic of Texas in the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth congresses, representing Shelby, Sabine, and Harrison counties. He owned and operated a hotel in Texas for a time then he decided to move to California.
Move to California
James Gaines decided to follow two sons Edmund and John B. and arrived on the steamer Ecuador in San Francisco on August 23, 1850. There they discovered gold and formed the Mount Gaines Gold Mine that still exists today. He died November 12, 1856, and was buried in Oakland, California.
End of an era
The ferry remained in operation until rendered obsolete by a bridge in 1937. The original house built in 1815, was sold and became known as the Gaines-McGown House. It was destroyed in 1969 with the filling of Toledo Bend Reservoir. The second house was sold to Martha Oliphin and has become known as the Gaines-Oliphint House that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places August 18, 1977.
See also
Sabine River (Texas–Louisiana)
References
External links
Sabine River Authority of Texas
Sabine River History: Newton County, Texas
Historic trails and roads in Texas
Texas border disputes
The buff-cheeked tody-flycatcher (Poecilotriccus senex) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical swamps.
References
buff-cheeked tody-flycatcher
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Endemic birds of Brazil
buff-cheeked tody-flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2002–03 FA Premier League (known as the FA Barclaycard Premiership for sponsorship reasons) was the 11th season of the Premier League, the top division in English football. The first matches were played on 17 August 2002 and the last were played on 11 May 2003.
Manchester United ended the campaign as champions for the eighth time in eleven years – an achievement made all the more remarkable by the fact that defending champions Arsenal had been in the lead by eight points on 2 March. After defeating Birmingham at the start of the season, Arsenal equalled a top-flight record of fourteen straight wins but failed to extend it in their next game at West Ham United, being held to a 2–2 draw. They remained unbeaten for 30 Premier League games, 23 of which were played away, until late October, and scored in a record 55 consecutive league games, beating the previous record of 47 set by Chesterfield during the 1930-31 Third Division North season. This run ended at Old Trafford on 7 December 2002, when Manchester United won 2–0. Arsenal then threw away a priceless lead against Bolton Wanderers and finally surrendered the title with a 3–2 home defeat to Leeds United in their antepenultimate game of the season, a result that also saved Leeds from relegation. Newcastle United and Chelsea were the remaining Champions League qualifiers, at the expense of Liverpool who had to settle for the UEFA Cup; they would be joined in Europe by Blackburn Rovers for a second successive season, along with Southampton who were back in Europe for the first time since 1984.
At the bottom end of the table, West Ham United, West Bromwich Albion and Sunderland were relegated to the Football League First Division; West Ham's 42 points from a 38-game season was a record for a relegated team. Promoted to replace them were 2002–03 Football League First Division champions Portsmouth, runners-up Leicester City, and play-off winner Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Teams
Twenty teams competed in the league – the top seventeen teams from the previous season and the three teams promoted from the First Division. The promoted teams were Manchester City (immediately returning after a season's absence), West Bromwich Albion, and Birmingham City (both teams returning to the top flight after a sixteen-year absence). This was also both West Bromwich Albion and Birmingham City's first season in the Premier League. They replaced Ipswich Town (relegated after two seasons in the top flight), Derby County, and Leicester City (both teams relegated after a six-year presence).
Stadiums and locations
Personnel and kits
Managerial changes
League table
Results
Overall
Most wins – Manchester United (25)
Fewest wins – Sunderland (4)
Most draws – Bolton Wanderers (14)
Fewest draws – Leeds United (5)
Most losses – Sunderland (27)
Fewest losses – Manchester United (5)
Most goals scored – Arsenal (85)
Fewest goals scored – Sunderland (21)
Most goals conceded – West Bromwich Albion and Sunderland (65)
Fewest goals conceded – Manchester United (34)
Season statistics
Top scorers
Hat-tricks
4 Player scored 4 goals
Scoring
First goal of the season: Michael Ricketts for Bolton Wanderers against Fulham (17 August 2002)
Fastest goal of the season:
Largest winning margin: 6 goals
West Bromwich Albion 0–6 Liverpool (26 April 2003)
Highest scoring game: 8 goals
Manchester United 5–3 Newcastle United (23 November 2002)
Newcastle United 2–6 Manchester United (12 April 2003)
Most goals scored in a match by a losing team: 3 goals
West Ham United 3–4 Leeds United (10 November 2002)
Manchester United 5–3 Newcastle United (23 November 2002)
Bolton Wanderers 4–3 Newcastle United (26 December 2002)
Tottenham Hotspur 4–3 Everton (12 January 2003)
Clean sheets
Most clean sheets: 15
Blackburn Rovers
Fewest clean sheets: 5
Tottenham Hotspur
Discipline
Worst overall disciplinary record (1 pt per yellow card, 3 pts per red card):
Best overall disciplinary record:
Most yellow cards (club):
Most yellow cards (player): 13 – Iván Campo (Bolton Wanderers)
Most red cards (club):
Most red card (player): 3
Franck Queudrue (Middlesbrough)
Most fouls (player):
Awards
Monthly awards
Annual awards
PFA Players' Player of the Year
The PFA Players' Player of the Year award for 2003 was won by Thierry Henry of Arsenal. This was the Frenchman's first award of the season and he beat off competition from the previous winner Ruud van Nistelrooy.
The shortlist for the PFA Players' Player of the Year award, in alphabetical order, was as follows:
PFA Young Player of the Year
The PFA Young Player of the Year award was won by Jermaine Jenas of Newcastle United. Wayne Rooney was voted runner-up, and John O'Shea finished third in one of his first full seasons as a United player.
The shortlist for the award was as follows:
PFA Team of the Year
Premier League Manager of the Year
The Premier League Manager of the Year award was won by Sir Alex Ferguson for winning his eighth title and regaining the league after a superb second half to the season, involving an 18-match unbeaten run.
Premier League Player of the Year
The Premier League Player of the Year award was given to Ruud van Nistelrooy, whose form, creativity and goals all helped Manchester United regain the league from Arsenal.
Premier League Golden Boot
The Premier League Golden Boot award was also won by Ruud van Nistelrooy who scored 25 goals in 38 league matches and 44 in all competitions. He also equalled his record of eight goals in eight successive matches at the beginning of the season, a milestone he had reached the previous season. Van Nistelrooy finished one goal ahead of Arsenal's Thierry Henry while James Beattie managed 23 league goals for Southampton.
Premier League Golden Gloves
The Premier League Golden Gloves award was given to Chelsea goalkeeper Carlo Cudicini, who proved vital in their quest for UEFA Champions League football. He kept twelve clean sheets – the most in the season – and only conceded 35 goals. Viewers of ITV's On the Ball voted Cudicini, ahead of Southampton keeper Antti Niemi, and Blackburn Rovers' Brad Friedel.
Goal of the Season
The annual award was won by a wonder goal from Thierry Henry against Tottenham Hotspur, on 16 November 2002, voted by viewers of ITV's The Premiership.
The French striker picked up the ball from his side of the pitch and ran almost , twisting and turning the Spurs defence to unleash a thunderous shot. In celebration, he ran the distance of the whole pitch and skidded in front of the Spurs faithful. The goal proved important as it helped them regain their position at the top of the Premiership from Liverpool.
Premier League Fair Play Award
The Premier League Fair Play Award was won by Manchester United.
See also
2002–03 in English football
2003–04 FA Premier League
References
External links
2002–03 Premier League Season at RSSSF
2002–03 FA Premier League Review
Soccerbot's 2002–03 Premier League Review
Barclaycard Premiership club-by-club Season Review
Premier League seasons
Eng
1
The Wisconsin Chair Company was a manufacturer of furniture and crafted wood products from the late 19th to the mid-20th century. It ran a large factory that for over half a century was the economic backbone of Port Washington, Wisconsin. The factory was destroyed twice: the first time by a huge, devastating fire in 1899 and the second time by demolition in 1959.
Formation
The company was organized in 1889 by John Bostwick, a local jeweler and son-in-law of Barnum Blake. He was one of the largest investors and eventually owned most of the shares and became president of the company. The first plant built by the Wisconsin Chair Co. became the largest employer in the area, providing work for one-sixth of the Ozaukee County work force. Its presence was most likely the chief reason that the city's Port Washington population increased from 1,659 in 1890 to more than 3,000 by 1900.
1899 fire
Surviving its first financially difficult years, the Chair company suffered its worst blow in 1899 when it was totally leveled by fire. The fire engulfed much of downtown Port Washington and engines from Sheboygan and Milwaukee were called in to help contain the blaze. The glow from the fire could be seen as far away as Whitefish Bay.
The company showed its resiliency by immediately rebuilding, and for many years remained the backbone of Port Washington's economy. The incredible success story eventually ended as sales and profits became smaller and production slowed down.
20th century
Phonographs and Records
In 1915 the Wisconsin Chair Company began producing phonograph cabinets for Edison's diamond disc machines. Soon after they incorporated the United Phonograph Corporation as a subsidiary for producing phonograph cabinets for other companies along with their own.
The UPC produced several different brands, United, Paramount, Puritan, Vista and Colonial along with incorporating the New York recording laboratories as a subsidiary for producing Paramount Records and Puritan Records to help phonograph sales. The company also made entire unbranded phonographs to be sold to local businesses; department stores, music shops, or any business wanting to sell their own house brand for which they could apply their own tag/decal. The phonograph slump of 1922-1924 caused by an over saturated market and early radio led the UPC to abandon most phonograph production, only the Paramount brand lasting into the Orthophonic era while the label lasted into the early 1930s. While production on Puritan phonographs ended between 1922-1923 the record label lasted until the late 1920s. The great depression ended all record production for the Wisconsin Chair Company.
Post-Depression
After Bostwick's death in 1935, Wisconsin Chair was run by Otto Moeser, a company trustee. The company almost failed during the Depression, surviving in part by limiting mass production and instead producing craft pieces for the luxury market.
The company had a number of specialized divisions. One, the National School Equipment Co., manufactured school chairs and desks, usually under government contracts.
The plant was a union shop under the United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners.
Closure
By 1954, the company had closed its sprawling but inefficient 1900 plant, which, like the 1889 plant, was located behind and east of the N. Franklin Street business district, partially encircling the city's inner harbor. It has now been demolished.
There is a historic plaque in the area where the plant once stood detailing the 1899 fire.
References
External links
Marker 414: Wisconsin Chair Company Fire
Official List of Wisconsin's State Historic Markers
History of Wisconsin
1899 fires
Fires in Wisconsin
1899 disasters in the United States
1899 in Wisconsin
Manufacturing companies established in 1888
1954 disestablishments in Wisconsin
Industrial buildings completed in 1900
Buildings and structures demolished in 1959
1888 establishments in Wisconsin
Manufacturing companies disestablished in 1954
Demolished buildings and structures in Wisconsin
Defunct manufacturing companies based in Wisconsin
Ottawa County (standard abbreviation: OT) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 5,735. The largest city and county seat is Minneapolis.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1860, Ottawa County was established.
20th century
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, Ottawa County remained a prohibition, or dry county until 2006, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.08%) is water.
Features
The Solomon River is the longest river in the county, entering from Cloud County to the northwest and exiting to Saline County to the southeast. The Saline River traverses the southwestern portion of the county, going from Lincoln County to Saline County.
The largest lake is Ottawa State Fishing Lake, a reservoir to the east of Minneapolis. It is managed by the Kansas Department of Wildlife and Parks.
Adjacent counties
Cloud County (north)
Clay County (northeast)
Dickinson County (southeast)
Saline County (south)
Lincoln County (west)
Mitchell County (northwest)
Demographics
Ottawa County is part of the Salina, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area.
As of the census of 2000, there were 6,163 people, 2,430 households, and 1,718 families residing in the county. The population density was 8 people per square mile (3/km2). There were 2,755 housing units at an average density of 4 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.53% White, 0.54% Black or African American, 0.37% Native American, 0.13% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.32% from other races, and 1.09% from two or more races. 1.30% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 2,430 households, out of which 31.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.40% were married couples living together, 6.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.30% were non-families. 25.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.96.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.70% under the age of 18, 5.80% from 18 to 24, 26.70% from 25 to 44, 24.20% from 45 to 64, and 17.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $38,009, and the median income for a family was $46,033. Males had a median income of $30,761 versus $21,380 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,663. About 5.10% of families and 8.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.80% of those under age 18 and 11.70% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Like all of Kansas outside the eastern cities, Ottawa County is overwhelmingly Republican. No Democratic Presidential candidate has won Ottawa County since Lyndon Johnson in 1964, and the last to reach thirty percent of the county's vote was Michael Dukakis in 1988 during a major Great Plains drought.
Education
Unified school districts
North Ottawa County USD 239
Twin Valley USD 240
Communities
Cities
Bennington
Culver
Delphos
Minneapolis
Tescott
Unincorporated communities
Ada (a census-designated place)
Lindsey
Niles
Sumnerville
Verdi
Wells
Ghost town
Vine Creek
Townships
Ottawa County is divided into twenty townships. The city of Minneapolis is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
References
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Ottawa County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 74 pages; 1918.
Plat Book of Ottawa County, Kansas; North West Publishing Co; 43 pages; 1902.
External links
County
Ottawa County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Ottawa County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
Kansas placenames of Native American origin
1860 establishments in Kansas Territory
Salina, Kansas micropolitan area
HP IT Management Software is a family of Enterprise software products by Micro Focus as a result of the spin-merge of Hewlett Packard Enterprise's software assets with Micro Focus in 2017. The division was formerly owned by Hewlett Packard Enterprise, following the separation of Hewlett-Packard into HP Inc. and Hewlett Packard Enterprise in 2015. IT management software is a family of technology that helps companies manage their IT infrastructures, the people and the processes required to reap the greatest amount of responsiveness and effectiveness from today's multi-layered and highly complex data centers. Beginning in September 2005, HP purchased several software companies as part of a publicized, deliberate strategy to augment its catalog of IT management software offerings for large business customers. According to ZDNet and IDC, HP is the world's sixth largest software company.
HP IT Management Software was the largest category of software sold by the HP Software Division. The concept behind IT management software is that IT needs to support the business and be run as a business rather than a cost center. The discipline includes software to help businesses manage their IT portfolio and assets, gain greater quality from their IT, govern the processes of their IT and improve IT security, to name a few. According to ComputerWorld, IT management software is designed to help businesses align IT spend and resources based on business priorities. Other companies who develop and sell IT Management software include IBM, BMC Software, Borland, CA, and Compuware.
IT Management Software products
Micro Focus sells several categories of software, including: business service management software, application lifecycle management software, mobile apps, big data and analytics, service and portfolio management software, automation and orchestration software, and enterprise security software. Micro Focus also provides Software as a service (SaaS), cloud computing solutions, and software services, including consulting, education, professional services, and support. For more information, see Micro Focus HP Software Division.
User groups
Vivit Worldwide is the independent HP Software community , designed to help members to develop their expertise and careers through education, community and advocacy programs. For almost two decades, Vivit has been the independent, unbiased, trusted and field-tested community for thousands of HP Software customers, developers and partners from all areas of the world, business and industry. Vivit membership is free.
While it is not an actual "user group", the ITRC is an online forum about HP Software & Solutions products. A new HP user group, the HP Software Solutions Community, officially launched publicly in April 2010 and includes a number of former software-related communities.
In June 2011, HP Software announced a new Discover Performance community and online resource center designed to serve IT executives and CIOs.
Software company acquisition timeline
Oct. 2011: Autonomy Corporation, provider of enterprise search and knowledge management applications solutions
Mar. 2011: Vertica Systems, analytic database management software
Oct. 2010: ArcSight, security management software
Aug. 2010: Stratavia, database and application automation software
Aug. 2010: Fortify Software, software security assurance solutions
May 2008: Tower Software, document and records management software
January 2008: Exstream Software, variable data publishing software
July 2007: Opsware, data center automation software
June 2007: SPI Dynamics, Web applications security software
February 2007: Bristol Technology, Inc., business transaction monitoring technologies
February 2007: PolyServe, Inc., storage software for application and file serving utilities
February 2006: OuterBay, archiving software for enterprise applications and databases
November 2006: Mercury Interactive Corporation, application management and delivery and IT governance software
December 2006: Bitfone, mobile device software
November 2005: Trustgenix, Inc., federated identity management software
September 2005: Peregrine Systems Inc., asset and service management software
September 2005: AppIQ, open storage area network management and storage resource management technologies
See also
ITIL
Service-oriented architecture
References
External links
IT Management Software
Cloud computing providers
Stuart Ford (born 20 July 1971) is an English former professional football goalkeeper.
He started his career as an apprentice at Rotherham United in June 1987. He spent five years at Rotherham, but made just five league appearances. Despite serving a promising apprenticeship and helping the club win the Northern Intermediate Cup, he failed to dislodge Kelham O'Hanlon and then Billy Mercer as the number one keeper. After a successful loan spell at Scarborough FC at the end of 1991–92 season, he signed a one-year contract with the Seadogs, where he fought for the starting position with Mark Evans.
Scarborough's highlight of the 1992–93 season was a League Cup run, which included victories over Bradford City, Coventry City, Plymouth Argyle, before going out to a Nigel Winterburn goal against Arsenal. At the end of that season he was released by Scarborough, but Ford was signed by Doncaster Rovers to be understudied to Andy Beasley. After playing a handful of games at Rovers, Ford moved back to Scarborough, but after an injury plagued season and only a few first team appearances he was to find himself without a contract at a professional club in 1995.
In August 1995 he signed for non-league Gresley Rovers where he stayed for 5 years, helping them win the Southern League Championship. Due to ground grading Gresley couldn't take a place in the Conference. After winning many personal honours and establishing himself as a firm crowd favourite, he eventually moved on to Hednesford Town, Ilkeston Town and Alfreton Town, before finishing his career at AFC Barnsley. Ford helped them to promotion in his first season, losing just one league game and conceding just 18 goals.
In 2011, Ford launched a range of retro goalkeeping gloves.
References
External links
GresleyFC.com
1971 births
Living people
Footballers from Sheffield
English footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Rotherham United F.C. players
Scarborough F.C. players
English Football League players
People educated at Firth Park Academy
Gorgoglione (Lucano: ) is a town and comune in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
The 1963 Prairie View A&M Panthers football team was an American football team that represented Prairie View A&M University in the Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC) during the 1963 NCAA College Division football season. In their 15th season under head coach Billy Nicks, the Panthers compiled a 10–1 record (7–0 against SWAC opponents), won the SWAC championship, and outscored opponents by a total of 364 to 144.
The Panthers were recognized by the Pittsburgh Courier as the 1963 black college football national champion with a rating of 26.00, well ahead of second-place North Carolina College at 23.00 and third-place Morgan State at 21.97. At the end of the season, the team was invited to participate in the small college playoffs sponsored by the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA), marking the first time a black college was invited to participate in the playoffs. Prairie View defeated in the NAIA semifinal game before losing to John Gagliardi's in the NAIA Championship Game at the Camellia Bowl.
Key players for Prairie View included quarterback Jimmy Kearney and halfbacks Otis Taylor and Ezell Seals. Taylor later played 11 seasons for the Kansas City Chiefs.
Schedule
References
Prairie View AandM
Prairie View A&M Panthers football seasons
Black college football national champions
Southwestern Athletic Conference football champion seasons
College football undefeated seasons
Prairie View AandM Football
Barag Shahi (, also Romanized as Barag Shāhī and Barg Shāhī; also known as Barak Shāhī) is a village in Binalud Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 345, in 93 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The elm cultivar Ulmus minor 'Bea Schwarz' was cloned (as No. 62) at Wageningen in the Netherlands, by the elm disease committee, from a selection of Ulmus minor found in France in 1939. However, specimens of the tree grown in the UK and the United States are falsely treated as Ulmus × hollandica (after Fontaine ).
Description
The tree is considered of poor growth and shape if grafted on U. × hollandica rootstock.
Nowadays it is sparsely grown on its own rootstock.
Pests and diseases
Not resistant to the second, more virulent, strain of Dutch elm disease, (O. novo-ulmi), but more resistant to Coral Spot fungus Nectria cinnabarina than its forebear 'Christine Buisman'.
Cultivation
Commercial production was discontinued in the Netherlands soon after its release in 1948. Nevertheless, its moderate resistance to Dutch elm disease saw it, or its selfed progeny, successfully used in later Dutch hybridizations, notably 'Nanguen' = . 'Bea Schwarz' was later propagated and marketed in the UK by the Hillier & Sons nursery, Winchester, Hampshire from 1967 to 1977, when production ceased with the advent of the more virulent form of Dutch elm disease.
Notable trees
The largest known examples in the UK grow along Crespin Way, Hollingdean, Brighton; planted in 1964, they measured 19 m high by 50 cm d.b.h. in 2009.
Hybrid cultivars
'Nanguen' = , 'Clusius', 'Lobel', (all from crossings with 'Bea Schwarz' selfed), Ulmus minor 'Amsterdam', formally known as Ulmus 'Amsterdam' (from an open pollination?).
Etymology
The tree is named for Bea Schwarz, the Dutch phytopathologist who identified the Asian fungus known as Dutch elm disease in the 1920s.
Accessions
North America
Arnold Arboretum, US. Acc. nos. 151–61, 276–62
Holden Arboretum, US. Acc. no. 57–1243
Longwood Gardens, US. Acc. no. 1967–0876
Europe
Brighton & Hove City Council, UK. NCCPG Elm Collection.
Grange Farm Arboretum, Lincolnshire, UK. Acc. no. 1275
Netherlands Plant Collection Ulmus, Wijdemeren, North Holland, Netherlands, planted on its own rootstock 2019, Location Dennenlaan, Loosdrecht
Nurseries
Europe
Noordplant , Glimmen, Netherlands.
References
External links
Sheet labelled Ulmus 'Bea Schwarz', Baarn, 1948
Sheet labelled Ulmus 'Bea Schwarz', Baarn, 1949
"Herbarium specimen DOV0038308". Delaware State University, Claude E. Phillips Herbarium. Sheet labelled U. × hollandica 'Bea Schwarz'; leaves specimen
"Herbarium specimen DOV0038308". Delaware State University, Claude E. Phillips Herbarium. Sheet labelled U. × hollandica 'Bea Schwarz'; flowers specimen
Field elm cultivar
Ulmus articles with images
Ulmus
Lampriformes is an order of ray-finned fish. Members are collectively called lamprids (which is more properly used for the Lampridae) or lampriforms, and unite such open-ocean and partially deep-sea Teleostei as the crestfishes, oarfish, opahs, and ribbonfishes. A synonym for this order is Allotriognathi, while an often-seen, but apparently incorrect, spelling variant is Lampridiformes. They contain seven extant families which are generally small but highly distinct, and a mere 12 lampriform genera with some 20 species altogether are recognized.
The scientific name literally means "shaped (like the) bright (one)", as "lampr-", meaning bright, comes from lampris, the generic name for the opah. In contrast, most other living lampriforms are actually ribbon-like and not very similar to the disc-shaped opahs in habitus. They are, however, quite distinctly united by their anatomy, and the family's phylogeny, as well as the most ancient fossils of this order suggest the original lampriform was rather "opah-shaped". The scientific name is a combination of Lampris (the type genus) + the standard fish order suffix "-formes". It ultimately derives from Ancient Greek lamprós (λαμπρός, "bright") + Latin forma ("external form"), the former in reference to brilliant coloration of opahs.
Description and ecology
These oceanic fishes are pelagic feeders that stay well above the sea floor, and normally occur in waters 100–1000 m deep. They are typically brightly coloured as adults, often with brilliant crimson fins. Lampriforms have highly variable body forms, but they are generally laterally compressed. Some are rounded in lateral view, while others are very elongated. The former are termed bathysomes—"deep-bodies", from Ancient Greek bathýs (βᾶθύς) "deep" + sōma (σῶμα) "body"—and the latter taeniosomes—"ribbon-bodies", Greek tainía (ταινία) "ribbon". They vary greatly in size, too, ranging from less than in the sailfin moonfishes (Veliferidae) to Regalecus glesne, the longest of all living bony fishes, which may reach in length.
The lampriforms have 84 to 96 total vertebrae; an orbitosphenoid bone is present in some members of this order. Their premaxilla completely excludes the maxilla from the gape, but the jaws are highly protrusible, nonetheless. The upper jaw's protrusion is achieved in a unique way: the maxilla, instead of being ligamentously attached to the ethmoid and palatine, slides in and out with the highly protractile premaxilla. The pelvic fins have up to 17 rays and are placed rather far toward the front of the animal, but they can be missing entirely. The dorsal fin is long, and tends to extend along most of the length of the body. Fin spines are absent in all. Some have a physoclistous gas bladder, while others have none. They either have tiny scales or naked skin.
Systematics and evolution
The Lampriformes are anatomically similar to some Acanthopterygii at a first glance, but more detailed studies reveal they are not as advanced, and many authors assign them to a basal position inside the advanced spiny-rayed Teleostei clade called Acanthomorpha, as monotypic superorder Lampridiomorpha. Unlike their presumed relatives, they lack fin spines, however, and other authors have considered them to form a lineage just outside the Acanthomorpha, and the sister taxon of the Myctophiformes. Molecular data also support the view that the Lampriformes are close to the advanced Teleostei. But the data do not agree on their exact relationships, and the Myctophiformes are also inferred to be close to the Protacanthopterygii, one of the core groups of moderately advanced teleosts. As modern taxonomy tries to avoid a profusion of small taxa, and the delimitation of the Euteleostei (Protacanthopterygii sensu stricto and their allies) versus Acanthopterygii remains uncertain, the systematics and taxonomy of the Lampriformes among the teleosts are in need of further study.
The lampriforms diverged from other teleosts in the Cretaceous, perhaps 80 million years ago (Mya) or slightly more, considering that the oldest-known lampriforms, Nardovelifer, date from the late Campanian epoch and are already clearly assignable to the present order. The basal lampriforms were bathysomes, while the taeniosome body shape is apomorphic and seems to have evolved only once. The order underwent its main radiation in the Paleocene period; the opah-like Turkmenidae were a family of lampriforms thriving at that time, but going extinct around the start of the Neogene, about 23 Mya. Other fossil Lampridiformes are Bajaichthys, Palaeocentrotus, and Veronavelifer.
Classification
The order is occasionally divided into the Bathysomi and the Taeniosomi. The former are a paraphyletic assemblage, thus effectively synonymous with the entire order, while the latter can be considered a valid suborder. Including fossil taxa, the classification of the Lampriformes in phylogenetic sequence, with the number of living genera and species, can thus be given as:
Basal and incertae sedis
Genus Bathysoma (fossil)
Genus Nardovelifer (fossil)
Genus Palaeocentrotus (fossil)
Family Turkmenidae (fossil)
Family Veliferidae — sailfin moonfishes (two genera, six species)
Family Lampridae — opahs (one genus, two species)
Suborder Taeniosomi
Family Lophotidae — crestfishes (two genera, three species)
Family Radiicephalidae — tapertail (monotypic)
Family Trachipteridae — ribbonfishes (three genera, 10 species)
Family Regalecidae — oarfishes (two genera, four species)
Timeline of genera
Footnotes
References
FishBase (2000): Order Lampriformes. Version of 2000-OCT-17. Retrieved 2009-SEP-30.
Glare, P.G.W. (ed.) (1968–1982): Oxford Latin Dictionary (1st ed.). Oxford University Press, Oxford.
Nelson, Joseph S. (2006): Fishes of the World (4th ed.). John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
Olney, John E. (1998): Lampriformes. In: : Encyclopedia of Fishes: 167–169. Academic Press, San Diego.
Woodhouse, S.C. (1910): English-Greek Dictionary - A Vocabulary of the Attic Language. George Routledge & Sons Ltd., Broadway House, Ludgate Hill, E.C. Searchable JPEG fulltext
Articles which contain graphical timelines
Extant Campanian first appearances
Ray-finned fish orders
Crutchfield is a surname.
Crutchfield may also refer to:
Crutchfield Corporation, an electronics retailer
Crutchfield, Kentucky
Crutchfield, North Carolina
See also
Crutchfield Crossroads, North Carolina
føtex is a Danish chain of supermarkets. The business was established in 1960 as the first supermarket in Denmark and later gave rise to Salling Group (previously Dansk Supermarked Group).
The name "føtex" is a mix of the Danish words "Fødevarer" (daily groceries) and "Textil" (textiles).
History
Herman Salling opened the first føtex in 1960 in the street "Guldsmedgade" in the city of Århus in Denmark.
Føtex in many ways revolutionized the way in which the Danes shopped: this was the first time the Danes saw a non-food (electronics, clothes, perfumes, books etc.) and a food department gathered under one roof.
In 1964, Herman Salling, ancestor of Ferdinand Salling, realized that to compete with other initiatives starting in those years, he needed a strong financial support. He contacted the A.P. Møller-Mærsk Group which acquired 50% of the shares and supported Sallings project financially.
As of 2006, the chain consists of 76 stores located all over Denmark, with føtex in Ringsted as the newest store, opened October 18, 2006. Further expansion is planned.
A typical store
Inside a typical føtex, there is a food section, a deli and a non-food section. The food section is like a full-service supermarket, with a bakery and a butcher.
The non-food section includes electronics, cosmetics and clothing among other general things.
Føtex also launched an e-commerce area with the ability to print digital photos. The online store also includes music downloads.
føtex food
The føtex food concept was introduced in 2010, also in the original store in Guldsmedgade in Aarhus at the store's 50-year anniversary. The føtex food concept phased out the non-food departments and concentrated focus on food items instead.
See also
Bilka
Netto
Tøj & Sko
A-Z
A.P. Møller-Mærsk
Dansk Supermarked A/S
Sources
External links
fotex.dk - føtex website
dsg.dk - Dansk Supermarked Gruppen
Retail companies established in 1960
Supermarkets of Denmark
Companies based in Aarhus
Dansk Supermarked
Salling Group
"Down to London" is a song by British singer-songwriter and musician Joe Jackson, which was released in 1989 as the second single from his eighth studio album Blaze of Glory. The song was written and produced by Jackson.
Background
"Down to London" is one of a number of tracks from Blaze of Glory to be autobiographical. The song was inspired by the early days of Jackson's music career in London. In an interview on VH1's New Visions in 1989, Jackson commented,
Promotion
The song's music video was directed by Julien Temple and produced by Amanda Temple for Limelight. During July 1989, Jackson and his band performed the song on The Arsenio Hall Show and Jackson also performed a solo piano version on VH1 New Visions.
Critical reception
On its release as a single, David Giles of Music Week described "Down to London" as "a fine tribute to a 'rusty old town'." He noted how the production "has kept everything nice and simple, even leaving in some very hesitant entries by co-vocalist Joy Askew". He also praised Jackson for having "retained his bite and inventiveness where most of his contemporaries have blanded out". Andrew Hirst of the Huddersfield Daily Examiner wrote, "The harmonica interludes and spluttering brass almost save this song about the lure of London's bright lights from oblivion. Just don't try busking with it, Joe."
In a review of Blaze of Glory, Robin Denselow of The Guardian considered the album to be "inevitably patchy" but picked "Down to London" as one of its "moments". He described the song as "Sixties-style" which "echoes Buffalo Springfield's 'For What It's Worth'." David Okamoto, writing for the St. Petersburg Times commented: "...only the snappy 'Down to London' - which borrows its piano line from Marvin Gaye's 'I Heard It Through the Grapevine' - manages to strike a nostalgic chord."
Kristin Faurest of The Courier-Journal felt "Down to London" was the album's "most irresistible number by far". He added: "[It] shuffles and scratches along to the tune of a wailing harmonica and the kind of melody that makes you thump your hand against the steering wheel in time." Peter B. King, writing for the Scripps Howard News Service, described the song as a "melodic rocker about the lure of the big city".
People singled "Down to London" as the "best tune" which "boasts bouncy piano chords and lyrics about making it as a rock star". In a retrospective review of the album, Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic praised "Down to London" as a "brisk, stylish pop song". In 2009, Glide Magazine ranked it as Jackson's 4th best song.
Track listing
7" and cassette single
"Down to London" – 4:15
"You Can't Get What You Want ('Til You Know What You Want)" (Live) – 5:32
CD single
"Down to London" - 4:40
"You Can't Get What You Want ('Til You Know What You Want)" (Live) – 5:49
"Sunday Papers" (Live) – 5:12
CD single (US promo)
"Down to London" (LP Version) – 4:15
Personnel
Down to London
Joe Jackson – vocals, piano, fake harmonica
Joy Askew – vocals
Tom Teeley – guitar
Chris Hunter – alto saxophone
Tony Aiello – tenor saxophone
Steve Elson – baritone saxophone
Michael Morreale, Tony Barrero – trumpet
Charles Gordon – trombone
Graham Maby – bass
Gary Burke – drums
Production
Joe Jackson – producer, arranger
Ed Roynesdal – associate producer and programming on "Down to London"
David Kershenbaum, Joe Jackson – producers of "You Can't Get What You Want" and "Sunday Papers"
Joe Barbaria – engineer
Thom Cadley – assistant engineer
Bridget Daly – mixing assistant
Bob Ludwig – mastering
Other
Stylorouge – design
Charts
References
1989 singles
1989 songs
Joe Jackson (musician) songs
Songs written by Joe Jackson (musician)
A&M Records singles
Songs about London
Frozen Peas is the colloquial term for a blooper audio clip in which American filmmaker Orson Welles performs narration for a series of British television advertisements for Findus. The clip is known informally as In July, or Yes, Always, based on several of Welles's complaints during the recording.
Background
The British Film Institute (BFI) database lists the titles "Findus: Lincolnshire (Peas)", "Findus: Sweden" and "Findus: Far West", all dated 1970, and attributed to the J. Walter Thompson advertising agency.
Jonathan Lynn, who acted in Welles's film of The Merchant of Venice made between 1969 and 1970, recalled being told about the recording session by Welles:
One night [Welles] told us about his voice over for Findus frozen peas. “An ad agency called and asked me to do a voice over. I said I would. Then they said would I please come in and audition. 'Audition?' I said. 'Surely to God there's someone in your little agency who knows what my voice sounds like?' Well, they said they knew my voice but it was for the client. So I went in. I wanted the money, I was trying to finish Chimes at Midnight. I auditioned and they offered me the part! Well, they asked me to go to some little basement studio in Wardour Street to record it. I demanded payment in advance. After I'd gotten the cheque I told them 'I can't come to Wardour Street next week, I have to be in Paris.' I told them to bring their little tape-recorder and meet me at the Georges Cinq Hotel next Wednesday at eleven am. So they flew over to Paris, came to the hotel at eleven – and were told that I had checked out the day before." He chortled happily. "I left them a message telling them to call me at the Gritti Palace in Venice. They did, and I told them to meet me there on Friday. When they got there I was gone – they found a message telling them to come to Vienna." Now he was laughing uproariously. "I made them chase me all around Europe with their shitty little tape recorder for ten days. They were sorry they made me audition."
It is therefore possible that Welles recorded the session in Vienna, during the making of the Vienna segment of his unfinished Orson's Bag TV special.
Lynn's second-hand story may be a recollection from the initial recording session with perhaps the same client (the director was heard to refer to a previous successful session). Also, the outtakes give many clues that they took place in a professional recording studio and not a hotel using a portable recorder. This also would better explain the client-mandated audition.
The BFI database also lists four more 1970 Findus advertisements with place names: "France", "Highlands", "Normandy and "Shetland". These may be part of the same series, and possibly also voiced by Welles.
It is not known whether a complete recording of the session exists (since, for example, the "multiple takes" Welles alludes to are not contained on the circulated recording, and the recording transitions between different commercials). It is also not known whether film copies of the final advertisements exist in the BFI National Archive.
Summary
The recording begins with Welles reading the introduction to a script for a commercial for frozen peas.
"We know a remote farm in Lincolnshire, where Mrs. Buckley lives; every July, peas grow there..."
Welles breaks from the script, expressing his dissatisfaction about the timing of the piece, as well as remarking that "it's so nice that you see a snow-covered field and say, "Every July, peas grow there...we're talking about 'em growing and she's picked 'em."
A director requests that he emphasize the word 'in' in the phrase "in July;" Welles claims this is impossible to do in a sensible fashion, claiming that the director isn't thinking.
Why? That doesn't make any sense. Sorry. There's no known way of saying an English sentence in which you begin a sentence with 'in' and emphasize it. Get me a jury and show me how you can say "in July", and I'll go down on you. That's just idiotic, if you'll forgive me my saying so. That's just stupid, "in July"; I'd love to know how you emphasize 'in' in "In July"...impossible! Meaningless!
A director apologizes because the script actually said "Every July" rather than "in July", but Welles continues to complain that it was the other director who made the suggestion, and quips, "Too much directing around here."
From here, the recording transitions to a different commercial for fish fingers, apparently at either the same recording session, or for the same director:
"We know a certain fjord in Norway, near where the cod gather in great shoals. There, Jan St..."
Welles struggles with the pronunciation of the fisherman's name, cursing under his breath. The director requests a different pacing, but Welles refuses.
You don't know what I'm up against: because it's full of, of, of things that are only correct because they're grammatical but they're tough on the ear, you see; this is a very wearying one, it's unpleasant to read. Unrewarding.
Welles attempts to finish the script but gets tangled around the words "crumb-crisp coating." The directors permit him to remove the word "crumb."
The recording moves on to yet another advertisement, for hamburgers, but not before Welles slips in a complaint.
Here, under protest, is "beef burgers." "We know a little place in the American far west, where Charlie Briggs chops up the finest prairie-fed beef and tastes..." This is a lot of shit, you know that?
The directors ask for one more take, as they don't like the way he emphasizes "prairie-fed" over beef.
But you can't emphasize 'beef'; that's like his wanting me to emphasize 'in' before 'July'! Come on, fellas, you're losing your heads! I wouldn't direct any living actor like this in Shakespeare, the way you do this! It's impossible!
The directors try to calm him down, but Welles insists he's giving it the right reading, to which a director responds, "For the moment." Welles continues to gripe about the number of takes he's made for these commercials, which he claims is twenty more than any other he's made.
You're such pests...now, what is it you want? In your depths of your ignorance, what is it you want? Well, whatever it is you want, I can't deliver because I just don't see it.
When the engineer attempts to give Welles some pointers, the actor reveals his frustration of being a performer, a "hired hand" on the commercial being given conflicting advice from different people in the booth.
I take direction from one person...under protest, but from two I don't sit still.
The actual director continues to try to calm Welles down, but he storms out of the recording booth.
This isn't worth it, no money is worth it!
Parodies
The tape has been parodied many times, often used in conjunction when parodying Welles. The most notable parody is from animated series Animaniacs; an entire cartoon featuring Pinky and the Brain was titled "Yes, Always" and featured a near-verbatim staging of the entire scene (all profanities replaced by family-friendly material, e.g., "...and I'll make cheese for you" in place of "...and I'll go down on you"), with Brain playing the part of Welles and Pinky as the director. This sketch can be found on the Animaniacs Volume 3 DVD collection. Brain's voice actor, Maurice LaMarche, well known for his Welles impression, is known to parody the "frozen peas" tape before recording sessions as a warm up, and parts of these warmup lines were incorporated into the cartoon's script.
Another version portrayed in The Critic features Welles, also voiced by LaMarche, whispering "Rosebud" à la Citizen Kane before the shot pans out to reveal Welles at a table, with a plate of Rosebud Frozen Peas he is advertising. After reading his lines, describing the peas as "full of country goodness and green pea-ness," he becomes disgusted and walks off, taking a handful of peas with him and eating them alongside a French fry stuck in his beard. In another episode, Welles is upset over having to read a living will, and begins making endorsements for "Mrs. Pell's Fish Sticks" instead, eating them and declaring that "they're even better raw". He even appears later as a ghostly apparition to Margo Sherman to continue promoting and eating the fish sticks, declaring that "they're even better when you're dead".
Another parody of the tape appeared in a skit on the Canadian television sketch comedy show SCTV, where Welles, played by John Candy, is hired by Liberace, played by Dave Thomas, for a Christmas storytelling. Welles is frequently distracted by the TV crew and finally, he gets up and walks off (taking an entire roast turkey with him). Amongst Welles's complaints in this scene are three direct quotes from the "Frozen Peas" recording: "You don't know what I'm up against," "I wouldn't direct any living actor like this in Shakespeare," and "No money is worth this!"
Yet another animated example portrayed by LaMarche comes from the 2010 Futurama episode "Lrrreconcilable Ndndifferences" for which he won an Emmy Award. Welles (as a head in a jar) agrees to recreate his famous War of the Worlds broadcast for Lrrr, the Planet Express crew and a cheese log even when complaining on-air about obvious plot holes in the script.
The tape was referenced in the "Bishop" skit from Monty Python's Contractual Obligation Album, where it is mentioned that "Bath and Wells" is busy "doing frozen peas for Nigel."
Will Ferrell's bookend segments in the miniseries The Spoils of Babylon, as Eric Jonrosh (a Welles lookalike), feature Jonrosh breaking from the script frequently to complain of inane language and berate the unseen crew.
Other media
The experimental music group Negativland incorporated "frozen peas" in its entirety in the track "Jolly Green Giant", a collage also featuring sound effects and other archival recordings of commercials in production phase. The track appears on their 1998 EP Happy Heroes.
California punk band Swingin' Utters released an album in 2011 entitled Here, Under Protest and opens with a clip of Welles saying, "Here, under protest, is beef burgers".
References
External links
Original Frozen Peas audio on YouTube
British television commercials
1970s in British television
Orson Welles
Food marketing
Conaway may refer to:
People
Cristi Conaway, American actress and fashion designer
Frank M. Conaway, Jr., American politician who represents the 40th legislative district in the Maryland House of Delegates
Gertrude Conaway Vanderbilt (1901-1978), American socialite and philanthropist
Herb Conaway, American politician representing the 7th legislative district of New Jersey
Jeff Conaway, American actor
Joan W. Conaway, American biochemist
John B. Conaway, retired U.S. Air Force officer who served as the Chief of the National Guard Bureau
Mike Conaway, Republican from Texas who represents that state's 11th congressional district
Places
Conaway Ranch, a ranch in Yolo County, California
Yvonne Doyle may refer to:
Yvonne Doyle (physician), Irish medical director and director of health protection for Public Health England
Yvonne Doyle (Fair City), a character on the Irish soap opera Fair City
Yvonne Doyle (tennis), Irish tennis player
Siemens Mobility is a separately-managed company of Siemens, arising from a corporate restructuring effective 1 August 2018. With its global headquarters in Munich, Siemens Mobility has four core business units: Mobility Management, dedicated to rail technology and intelligent traffic systems, Railway Electrification, Rolling Stock, and Customer Services.
History
Innovations from the late 19th century, such as the world's first electric train, when Siemens & Halske unveiled a train in which power was supplied through the rails, and the world's first electric tram, with the implementation of 2.5-kilometer-long electric tramway located in Berlin, built at the company's own expense, cemented the use of electric power in transportation systems.
In the following years, inventions such as the first electric trolleybus, mine locomotives, and the first underground railway in continental Europe (in Budapest), set the path from trams and subways to today's high-speed trains.
Siemens, alongside ThyssenKrupp and Transrapid International, was part of the German consortium that built the Shanghai Maglev, inaugurated in 2002 by the German chancellor, Gerhard Schröder, and the Chinese premier, Zhu Rongji. It was the world's first commercial high-speed magnetic levitation train, which holds the title of the fastest commercial service, travelling up to 430 km/h.
In November 2012, Siemens acquired Invensys Rail for £1.7 billion.
In July 2017, Siemens confirmed it had taken over Hannover-based software company HaCon, to be managed as a separate legal entity. The financial details were not disclosed.
In September 2017, Siemens announced a proposal to merge its transportation division with Alstom, with the objective of creating "a new European champion in the rail industry". The combined rail business, to be named Siemens Alstom and headquartered in Paris, would have had $18 billion U.S. in revenue and employed 62,300 people in more than 60 countries. It was seen as a measure to counter the rise of China's CRRC with support from both the French and German governments. However, in February 2019, the European Commission refused permission for the merger to proceed.
During Innotrans in September 2018, Siemens Mobility unveiled the world's first driverless tram in Berlin, the result of a joint research and development project with ViP Verkehrsbetriebe Potsdam, on a six-kilometre section of the tram network in Potsdam, Germany. At the same time, the Data Capture Unit (DCU) was introduced. It is the world's first EBA-certified unidirectional gateway safety assessment, that enables 100% secure connectivity of new and existing safety critical systems, up to Safety integrity level (SIL) 4, to provide data analytics and other cloud hosted digital services.
Key Locations
Products
Digital Services
Data Capture Unit (DCU) - Secure connectivity
Railigent (CS) - Data Analytics
Rail Mall (CS) - Spare parts eCommerce
Intermodal solutions (IMS) - Passenger Apps (planning & eTickets)
Locomotives
Vectron
Asiarunner
Eurorunner
EuroSprinter
E40 AG-V1 (E40AC) electric locomotive
Korail Class 8200
NSB Di6
NSB Di8
Siemens Sprinter electric locomotive
Siemens Charger diesel-electric locomotive
SNCB Class 77
VSFT G 322
EMU and DMU
ICx
ÖBB Class 4011
ÖBB Class 4020
Velaro EMU
Eurostar e320
TCDD HT80000
CRH3
Mireo EMU
Desiro EMU/DMU
Desiro Double Deck
SBB-CFF-FFS RABe 514
British Rail Class 185
British Rail Class 350
British Rail Class 360
British Rail Class 444
British Rail Class 450
British Rail Class 700
British Rail Class 707
British Rail Class 717
British Rail Class 332 - bodywork built by CAF
British Rail Class 333 - bodywork built by CAF
Siemens Nexas
Passenger coaches
Viaggio Classic
Viaggio Twin - double deck coach
Viaggio Light
Viaggio Comfort
Venture
Light Rail/Trams
First generation: Siemens-Duewag U2
Second generation: Siemens SD-100 and SD-160, Siemens SD-400 and SD-460, Siemens SD660
Third generation: Siemens S200 light rail, Siemens S700 and S70
Combino Supra tram
Ultra Low Floor tram
D-class Melbourne tram
People Mover
VAL series - acquired from Matra
VAL 208 - used by CDGVAL, Rennes Metro, U Line, Turin Metro
VAL 206 - used by Orlyval Airport metro, Toulouse Metro
AIRVAL - used by Suvarnabhumi Airport
Metro/Subway
C651
Siemens Modular Metro
Inspiro Metro
Tren Urbano - customized train set similar to MBTA Red Line cars
Blue Line (MBTA) Series 0700 (#5 East Boston) - customized train set
New Tube for London
Taipei Metro C321
Taipei Metro C341
Maglev Trains
SMT Transrapid (Shanghai maglev train)
See also
Competitors:
Bombardier Transportation (now Alstom)
Alstom Transport (now Alstom)
Hitachi Rail
Hyundai Rotem
CRRC Corporation
GE Transportation Systems (now Wabtec)
CAF
Talgo
Stadler Rail
KINKISHARYO International, LLC.
References
Hardware enforced Cybersecurity
Monitoring safety-critical railway networks using unidirectional gateways - Data Capture unit
The application of Smart Data Services in interlocking systems - Data Capture Unit
Innovative freight solutions on automated rail operations - Siemens Mobility Freight & Products
External links
Siemens
Companies based in Berlin
Rolling stock manufacturers of Germany
Rail infrastructure manufacturers
Railway signalling manufacturers
Just Out of Reach is a 1979 Australian film starring Lorna Lesley and Sam Neill.
External links
Just Out of Reach at Australian Screen Onlie
Just Out of Reach at Oz Movies
Australian drama films
1979 films
1970s Australian films
The Union of Private Sector Professionals (, Erto; formerly Federation of Special Service and Clerical Employees, ) is a trade union representing a variety of private sector professionals.
The federation was founded in 1968, as the General Staff Union, and was affiliated to the Confederation of Salaried Employees (TVK). The TVK went bankrupt in 1992, and the union transferred to the Finnish Confederation of Professionals. By 1998, it had about 20,000 members.
All members of the federation belong to one of its six affiliated unions:
Accounting Professionals
Digital Media, Marketing Communications and Information Professionals
Finnish Optometrists' Union
ET Specialists
Logistics Agents' Union
Private Social and Health Care Professionals
Presidents
1970: Matti Hellsten
2002: Antti Rinne
2005: Tapio Huttula
2011: Juri Aaltonen
References
External links
Trade unions established in 1968
Trade unions in Finland
Design for Bidding is a book by the Russian-born English bridge player S. J. "Skid" Simon, published posthumously in 1949. It is about the theory of bidding in contract bridge, particularly in the context of the Acol system of which Simon was one of the co-developers. It was the first, and , remains one of the few, studies of the thought processes involved in designing a bidding system, rather than simply setting out the author's conclusions.
Design for Bidding is described as "the best thing he [Simon] has done on bridge", lofty praise considering the recognition given Simon's earlier book Why You Lose at Bridge, itself "widely perceived to be the best book ever written on Bridge."
Design For Bidding "remains wonderful reading, because Simon argues persuasively for the Acol state of mind style of bidding."
Structure
The book is divided into three parts: I, The Inexactitude of Bidding; II, Enquiry into Bidding; and III, Design for Bidding.
Part I is a long general introduction, in seven chapters. In it, Simon sets out what he calls the "deciding factors" to be assessed before adopting a specialised meaning for a bid:
"The effects on other types of hands;"
"The comparative frequency of occurrence of the rivals;"
"Their obedience or otherwise to the Principle of Lesser Risk; and, a bad last,"
"Their actual working on the hands on which they are used."
Part I concludes with Simon's description of Acol as "not so much a system as an attitude of mind".
In Part II, Simon discusses in turn various aspects of bidding: notably, the choice of forcing opening bid; the meaning of opening two-bids; the strength of an opening bid of 1NT; whether or not a double raise should be forcing; the forcing take-out; 4NT and 5NT and asking bids as slam tries; whether or not a change of suit should be forcing; and informatory doubles and intervening bids.
In Part III, Simon attempts to merge his conclusions from Part II into a unified whole.
Notes
References
1949 non-fiction books
Contract bridge books
Books by S. J. Simon
Octavian Brânzei (born 28 September 1928) was a Romanian footballer who played as a defender. He was part of Politehnica Timișoara's team that won the 1957–1958 Cupa României, the first trophy in the club's history. In 2008 Brânzei received post-mortem the Honorary Citizen of Timișoara title.
International career
Octavian Brânzei played two games at international level for Romania making his debut in a friendly against Bulgaria which ended with a 2–0 loss. He also played in a 3–0 victory against Greece at the 1958 World Cup qualifiers.
Honours
Politehnica Timișoara
Divizia B: 1952
Cupa României: 1957–58
Farul Constanța
Divizia B: 1961–62
Notes
References
External links
Octavian Brânzei at Labtof.ro
1928 births
Romanian footballers
Romania international footballers
Association football defenders
Liga I players
Liga II players
FC Politehnica Timișoara players
FCV Farul Constanța players
FC CFR Timișoara players
Year of death missing
Jesús Castellanos y Villageliú (August 8, 1878 – May 29, 1912) was a Cuban writer, journalist, critic, caricaturist and lawyer born in Havana, Cuba.
Biography
Family and early years
Castellanos was the son of Dr. Manuel Sabás Castellanos y Arango and Mercedes Villageliú e Irola, both Cuban born. His father had attended the University of Paris where he obtained a Medical degree in 1868. A year later he certified said degree in Spain and on his return to Cuba he obtained a PhD in Sciences in 1881, and a second PhD in Pharmacy in 1889, both from the University of Havana. He was a honourable member of the Academia de Ciencias Médicas, Físicas y Naturales de La Habana. He was a physician, researcher and also taught physics at the University of Havana. He was a 33rd-degree Mason and a linguist with a good grasp of French, Italian, English, and German. The ancestors of Jesús Castellanos maintained that his maternal grandmother, Concepción Irola y Ponce de León, was a descendant of the Spanish conquistador, Juan Ponce de León.
Jesús Castellanos was born on Galiano Street in Havana at the home of his maternal grandparents. He was the third of eight children. From early childhood Jesús was interested in drawing and sketching as well as literature. Not only did he show an early fondness for the classic Spanish authors, but also for modern writers, particularly Victor Hugo and Jules Verne.
In 1893, Jesús entered the University of Havana, first matriculating in the School of Philosophy and Letters, but soon thereafter changing to the School of Law. The following year he again changed course, this time entering the School of Engineering. It was in a student paper named El Habanero that Castellanos, when he was only sixteen years old, published his first literary efforts, almost all of which were in verse. Not, however, in the field of poetry was he to become one of Cuba's literary leaders, but rather in prose fiction, notably the short story and the novel.
In 1896, his parents, fearing his involvement in the bloody and ever increasing conflict in Cuba's war of independence from Spain, decided to send him to Mexico to live with an uncle, Pedro Calvo. Castellanos became a fervent supporter of the societies in Mexico that were working for the independence of Cuba.
During the first American intervention, Castellanos returned to Cuba and re-entered the University of Havana, but instead of resuming his legal training, he took up the study of architecture, influenced no doubt by his great interest in drawing—he had been a disciple of the Cuban painter Leopoldo Romañach, had attended art classes in the Academia de San Alejandro in La Habana as well as in the Academia de San Carlos during his stay in Mexico City. When he was on the eve of graduating in architecture, lacking only two courses, he was convinced that this was not his profession and he again changed course, this time returning to law. He graduated from the University of Havana receiving the degree of “Doctor en Derecho Civil” (doctorate of civil law) in December 1904.
Castellanos was baptised in the Catholic Church and his mother later urged him to affiliate himself with the Catholic Church, but to no avail. Though his father was a prominent Freemason, Castellanos never became associated with the fraternity. He married Virginia Justiniani on August 26, 1908.
Death
In 1911, Castellanos went to Lake Placid, New York hoping to improve his health which since his youth had been poor. His illness was a chronic stomach ailment. In his efforts to convalesce he also spent time in the Isle of Youth (formerly called the Isle of Pines), Santa María del Rosario in the province of Havana, and Amaro in the province of Santa Clara, Cuba. While at Lake Placid he began his novel, Los Argonautas, which was never completed.
Jesús Castellanos died on May 29, 1912, at the age of 33 of typhoid fever. He left behind his wife and two children, Julio and Alicia, who at the time of his death were the ages of two years old and ten days old, respectively.
Career
Journalist and author
In 1901, Castellanos began writing and illustrating for the daily paper, La Discusión, as city reporter, critic, and caricaturist. His contributions to this periodical were signed with his pen-name “Scarpia.” In a short time he was promoted to the editorial staff. He also wrote for the daily Patria under the title of Cabezas de Estudio. These articles depicted in a humorous manner the most prominent politicians of the period and they were accompanied by his caricature sketches of these politicians. These contributions appeared daily for a little more than a year, and from them the author selected the fifty-two that had been given the greatest acclaim and published them in book form under the title Cabezas de Estudio.
In La Discusión, Castellanos initiated a weekly section under the expressive title of “Una Semana Menos,” and it was this section that definitively established his literary standing. His intellectual and philosophical accomplishments had given him a cultural equilibrium that he well utilised in his weekly articles, which dealt with varied subjects on a local, national, and international basis. These articles added greatly to the popularity of the paper. Castellanos held that the Cuban press was a most effective means of stimulating the intellectual growth of his compatriots, of creating civic pride in a community, and of promoting the general welfare of the island republic.
Lawyer
Castellanos practised his law profession in the short intervals between his journalistic work and his literary pursuits, and in 1906, he was appointed “Abogado de Oficios de la Audiencia de La Habana” (Appellate Court) in which work his diligence and fidelity soon won for him the promotion to “Abogado Fiscal de la Audiencia de La Habana” (district attorney) in 1908.
Works, style, and innovations
Works
His only works published in book form prior to his death were: Cabezas de Estudio (1902), a collection of caricatures of men prominent in public life of Cuba during his time; De Tierra Adentro (1906), a volume of short stories; La Conjura (1908), a novel; and La Manigua Sentimental (1910), a short novel.
The National Academy of Arts and Sciences of Cuba collected and published posthumously three volumes of Castellanos' writings: Los Optimistas (1914), De la Vida Internacional (1916), and Los Argonautas (1916). His still unpublished works are probably equal in volume to those that have been published.
Novels
La conjura (1908)
La manigua sentimental (1910)
Los argonautas (1916 - not finished)
Essays, Articles and Chronicles
Crónicas y apuntes
Los reyes de Oriente
Bajo el árbol del bambú
Humos de San Silvestre
Dormir, dormir
Bajo el mareo
Posta restante
Serpentinas
Balada de la hoja seca
¡Aquellos años!...
La primavera
Aguafuerte
Arte francés
Visiones de junio
Quebec, la romántica
Estampas neoseculares (Los héroes de Reims)
Estampas neoseculares (La danza de los "apaches")
La tristeza humilde
Renacimiento
Adiós a 1911
Los optimistas
La alborada del optimismo
Rodó y su Proteo
Rudyard Kipling
Mark Twain
Lectures and Opinions
Heredia y el parnasianismo
Las cuerdas de la lira antigua
Altamira
La sombra de Plácido
Piñeyro en su casa
Las bajas del arte; el doctor Huysmans
El oro de los poetas
Barbey d'Aurevilly
Un novelista de los jóvenes: Julio Verne
Flaubert
La profecía de Enrique Lluria
Stories Included in "La conjura"
Una heroína
Cabeza de familia
Naranjos en flor
Idlio triste
Corazones son triunfo
Cuentos sueltos
Un paréntesis
Un epicúreo
El llanto de las hadas
La risa
La aventura de "Petenera"
Crepúsculo
Los dolientes
La agonía de "La Garza"
La bandera
El puente
Pasado y presente
Vicio de especie
Primera falta
Stories
De tierra adentro
En las montañas
Poema escondido
Los aguinaldos
El padre
Ley de la tierra
Dos vidas
Carta de una flor de espino
Paludismo
Pata de palo
Campanas de boda
El látigo rojo
El estorbo
En la laguna
Style
Very prominent not only in his journalistic articles but also in his prose fiction is his intention to convey instruction and information to his readers through moral observations. This element of his writing was prompted by his fervent love for his compatriots, and this intense interest in the welfare of his country caused him to devote himself to the realisation of a more cultured Cuba, a more enlightened people, and a better social order.
His works reflect a scepticism and nonconformity. Jesús Castellanos in his own convictions was scrupulously honest and fearlessly outspoken. His independence of thought and expression often carried him away from the multitudes of South American critics; if his convictions caused him to walk alone, he willingly did so, defending that which was just and fair.
Castellanos made use of the richness of literary motifs in the lives of humble people in "La Agonía de la Garza", initiating with these themes a trend that would pervade the Cuban short narrative in later years.
In his book De la Vida Internacional, Castellanos attempts to interest his people in world problems—for well does he realize that a knowledge of international affairs will make his fellow countrymen less provincial and at the same time create a more appreciative attitude toward their own country.
Innovations
Castellanos was a pioneer of the Cuban short story of the twentieth century. He set the path for the national Cuban novel describing the fixed, morally binding customs of Cuban society. His characters are afflicted by social conventions and they have to struggle with what he calls "established stupidity" and "the conspiracy of the fools"—the intellectual's struggles in a society pervaded by mediocrity and debasement. Castellanos is one of the first Cuban writers to condemn hypocrisy and falsehood in politics and human relations.
Academic societies
In 1910, the Academia Nacional de Artes y Letras was established. Jesús Castellanos was one of the founding members and was elected its first director, and soon he organised a series of monthly lectures to be given by the various members of the academy. The nature of these lectures was to be literary, designed to develop the cultural life of the community. Castellanos was well aware of the need of such an institution in Cuba, and he interpreted its mission as being not a place of honor in society to satisfy the vainglory of selfish individuals, but rather as a centre of cultural growth, a place for the diffusion of knowledge and the betterment of the national life of Cuba. In the same year, Jesús was one of the founders of Sociedad de Conferencias and of Sociedad de Fomento del Teatro, whose purposes were also the intellectual development of Cuba.
The Platt Amendment
Castellanos grew up in an atmosphere of political unrest, of suffering, and of revolutionary uprisings that defined the years leading up to the Spanish–American War. Castellanos grasped every opportunity of aiding his country in its struggle for independence.
On March 1, 1901, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the Army Appropriation bill with the Platt Amendment as a rider. U.S. Senator Orville Platt of the Foreign Relations Committee wrote the amendment that stipulated that Cuba had only a limited right to conduct its own foreign policy and debt policy. It also gave the United States an open door to intervene in Cuban affairs. The Isle of Pines (now called Isla de la Juventud) was deemed outside the boundaries of Cuba until the title to it was adjusted in a future treaty. Cuba also agreed to sell or lease to the United States "lands necessary for coaling or naval stations at certain specified points to be agreed upon." Havana was seething as a result of the Platt Amendment and gave formal protest to General Leonard Wood, the U.S. Military Governor of Cuba at the time.
Juan Gualberto Gómez, Cuban senator, denounced the amendment stating, "To reserve to the U.S. the faculty of deciding for themselves when independence is menaced and when therefore they ought to intervene, to preserve it, is equivalent to delivering up the key of our house so that they can enter it at all hours when the desire takes them, day or night."
A cartoon drawn by Jesús Castellanos on April 5, 1901, in the Cuban paper La Discusión showed "The Cuban People" represented by a crucified Jesus Christ between two thieves, General Wood and American President William McKinley. Cuban public opinion was depicted by Mary Magdalene on her knees crying at the foot of the cross and Senator Platt, depicted as a Roman soldier, is holding a spear that says "The Platt Amendment" on it. Governor Wood, who saw in Castellanos's drawing an unfriendly gesture toward the United States, gave order to apprehend Dr. Manuel M. Coronado, director of La Discusión and Jesús Castellanos, caricaturist of the newspaper. Both were arrested for criminal libel and held in the Vivac prison of Havana, and the offices of La Discusión newspaper were sealed (Wood was persuaded to release them on the following day).
References
Spanish colonial period of Cuba
People from Havana
1878 births
1912 deaths
Cuban journalists
Male journalists
19th-century Cuban people
USA-84, also known as GPS IIA-6, GPS II-15 and GPS SVN-27, is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System. It was the sixth of nineteen Block IIA GPS satellites to be launched.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55.0°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
GPS Block 2 was the operational system, following the demonstration system composed of Block 1 (Navstar 1 - 11) spacecraft. These spacecraft were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied 710 watts of power. They used S-band (SGLS) communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency (UHF) cross-link between spacecraft. The payload consisted of two L-band navigation signals at 1575.42 MHz (L1) and 1227.60 MHz (L2). Each spacecraft carried 2 rubidium and 2 Cesium clocks and nuclear detonation detection sensors. Built by Rockwell Space Systems for the U.S. Air force, the spacecraft measured 5.3 m across with solar panels deployed and had a design life of 7.5 years.
Launch
USA-84 was launched at 08:57:00 UTC on 9 September 1992, atop a Delta II launch vehicle, flight number D214, flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Launch Complex 17A (LC-17A) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS), and placed USA-84 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37XFP apogee motor.
Mission
On 11 October 1992, USA-84 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 717.98 minutes, and 54.7° of inclination to the equator. It had PRN 27, and operated in slot 4 of plane A of the GPS constellation. The satellite has a mass of . It had a design life of 7.5 years, but was in service for twenty years, until its retirement in October 2012. It was then kept on orbit spare until its disposal in 2017, where it was placed in a disposal orbit approximately 1000 km above the operational constellation.
References
Spacecraft launched in 1992
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Venetian Lady is a charter yacht based in Miami, Florida. It is the second vessel of the Biscayne Lady Yacht Charters fleet, following four years after the launch of Biscayne Lady.
On October 2, 2007 Venetian Lady was given an introductory celebration in Miami Beach. Docked together with Biscayne Lady, the two vessels invited guests on board for food, drink and music. The christening of Venetian Lady followed later that evening accompanied by Stuart Blumberg, president and CEO of the Greater Miami and the Beaches Hotel Association.
Notable charters
In 2007, Venetian Lady was used as the site of an elimination challenge in episode 12 of Top Chef: Miami. For this event, the yacht was chartered by Pure Nightclub for fashion designer Esteban Cortázar and 60 guests.
In 2014, NBA player Dwyane Wade rented out Venetian Lady to celebrate his 32nd birthday. For this event, the yacht was given an extensive custom wrap job both inside and out.
References
2007 ships
Individual yachts
Passenger ships of the United States
The Casa Grande Union High School District is the high school district for Casa Grande, Arizona. It operates Casa Grande Union and Vista Grande high schools, which each have some 1,650 students.
References
External links
School districts in Pinal County, Arizona
Casa Grande, Arizona
Joe vs. Joe (ふたりのジョーFutari no Joe) is a Japanese animated OVA (original video animation) consisting of six episodes. The show was produced by the studio Museum.
Joe vs. Joe tells the story of two youths from totally opposite lifestyles. The only way they can overcome their own personal troubles in the story is to fight each other in the ring.
The animation is a spiritual successor of Tomorrow's Joe (あしたのジョー Ashita no Joe), one of the first dramatic animations to ever be created globally, which was originally broadcast on April 1, 1970 in Japan. Joe vs. Joe was a direct-to-video release and was never broadcast.
Characters
Joe Akamine
The protagonist of Joe vs. Joe. Akamine came from a medium-income family and lived an ordinary life, except for a betrayal that haunts him every day. He is a very bright person and smiles often, and because of these characteristics he has many friends. He works full time as a deliveryman, and he frequently attends a gym just to box, to keep himself in shape, and for self-defense purposes.
Joe Yuuki
The antagonist and rival of Joe Akamine. He came from a well-off family and lives extravagantly. He is also Shibuya's number one DJ. However, Joe Yuuki is like a lone wolf, and he trusts no one. After both his father and mother abandoned him, he was afraid of kindness from others and did everything to avoid people being kind to him, because he feared they would betray him. Due to this complexity, he had an ambition to be number one at everything, to show everyone that he does not need anyone. His boxing career started on the day he meets Joe Akamine.
Ryuichi Suzuki
Joe Akamine's boxing friend and also a mentor. He has a straight-forward, determined personality. He hates giving up or being half-willing, and always gives his fullest and best at everything. In other words, he is the ideal athlete.
Maki Takakura
A model and actress who is trying to succeed in the entertainment business to get back at her father. She fell in love with Joe Yuuki when he saved her from a group of Yakuza. She is the daughter of champion boxer George Takizawa.
George Takizawa
Once a champion boxer, now retired and running his own gym, the J. Country Gym. He is also responsible for training both Joe Akamine and Ryuichi, who attend his gym. Maki Takakura is his daughter.
Mr. Matsuda
Owner of Matsuda Gym and also the trainer of Joe Yuuki. He passionately disagrees with George Takizawa's style of boxing.
Setsuko
Mother of Yu, daughter of Koshu (Grampa) and Ryuichi's love interest. She likes Ryuichi as well, but is afraid to express her feelings to him because she is afraid that it might jeopardize his boxing career.
Yu
Setsuko's son and Koshu's (Grampa) grandson.
Koshu
Setsuko's father, grandfather of Yu, and the owner of the restaurant that Joe Akamine, Ryuichi, and George Takizawa often visit. He is called "Grampa" by his close friends and family.
Iwamoto
The current champion of Japan for his class. He is also the number one boxer at Matsuda Boxing Gym and Ryuichi's upcoming opponent.
Episodes
Two Joes from different economic backgrounds, one came from a wealthy family and the other, from a poverty-stricken one: One is Shibuya's city's top DJ, and the other is a parcel delivery man. Two different Joes living an opposite life, both walk on different paths until one day their roads are merged by faith in the boxing ring.
Fateful encounter
After his DJ gig at a nightclub, Joe Yuuki encountered a drunk girl named Maki Takakura. At first, he ignored her, because he thought Maki was just another prowling drunk in the street. But as Joe Yuuki walked away, he noticed she was being attacked by a group of Yakuza. He rescued her; this was the first time he met his future girlfriend.
Meanwhile, Joe Akamine is a truck driver and package delivery person. He went to a boxing gym to keep himself fit. He was not taking boxing seriously, although deep down he loves it. Joe Akamine had his own reason for not being serious.
Once a week, Joe Akamine goes down to the city streets to put up a street show as a human punching bag. He will let people hit him, and he will not throw punches back. But in return, he will try to dodge all the attacks. As he was "performing", Joe Yuuki noticed him. As curiosity got Joe Yuuki's attention, it made him remember about his dark past. He soon became annoyed, and he decided to participate. He was knocked out by Joe Akamine.
Seal the Nightmare
After the incident with Joe Yuuki, Joe Akamine started to think about Yuuki's remarks, and those words motivated him to continue with boxing. By the same token, both Ryuichi and George Takizawa encouraged him to become a professional boxer by convincing him that he was one-of-a-kind and a natural talented boxer. Moreover, Ryuichi demanded that Joe Akamine either take boxing seriously, or else just quit. This made Joe Akamine befuddled and confused. He then assured himself that he will continue doing what he loves the most.
The Snowy Illusion
After losing the match with Joe Akamine on the street, Joe Yuuki decided to pursue the next boxing championship as retribution. He joined Matsuda Boxing Gym in Shibuya for his training. Joe Yuuki was a proud man, and his antipathy toward losing made him embrace boxing. Joe Yuuki did not know that Joe Akamine was a professional boxer as well. Consequently, Joe Yuuki diverted his ambition of becoming champion into an avid pursuit of humiliating Joe Akamine's boxing career.
The Silent Bell
Candor and Reclaim
The Majestic Festival
References
External links
2003 anime OVAs
The J. M. High Company was a department store in Atlanta, Georgia. It was founded by Joseph Madison High (1855-1906), whose wife, Harriet "Hattie" Harwell Wilson High (1862-1932), donated her family's mansion on Peachtree Street to house the museum that has grown into the High Museum of Art, Atlanta's foremost art museum.
Joseph Madison was from Morgan County, Georgia. He started a business in Madison, Georgia, forming the firm, High & Berney. He later moved to Atlanta for greater opportunity, where he partnered with E. D. Herring to open up a dry goods store at 40 Whitehall Street (now Peachtree St. SE). A new store opened at 50 Whitehall in 1882. In 1884 High bought out Herring and renamed the firm J. M. High & Co.
In 1887 High's department store opened a new location on the west side of Whitehall. By 1889, High was able to buy the southwest corner of Whitehall and Hunter (now King Blvd.) and erect a four story brick building with an ornate interior for his department store.
In 1906, High died.
In 1918 the store moved across the street to the former site of the Chamberlin-Johnson-DuBose department store, with of floor space. The new store was named the "daylight department store" as the large windows "did away with the need for artificial illumination".
The old store on the west side of Whitehall was later occupied by the McClure Ten Cent Company until the 1930s, then the F & W Grand Company, until it was finally demolished to make way for the new building of the H. L. Green Company.
From 1926-1927, High's was home to a broadcasting studio of radio station WDBE.
External links
Photo of the last J. M. High store on the east side of Whitehall Street
References
Demolished buildings and structures in Atlanta
Defunct department stores based in Atlanta
Companies based in Atlanta
1884 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Evidence is a solo album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in Canada and released on the Canadian Dark Light Music label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Ken Dryden awarded the album 4 stars, stating: "The pianist's interpretations of standards on this date are among the best of his career."
Track listing
All compositions by Mal Waldron except where noted.
"Yesterdays" (Otto Harbach, Jerome Kern) — 8:09
"No Kick" — 7:54
"Dear Old Stockholm" (Traditional) — 5:50
"Rhapsodic Interlude #1" — 8:55
"Evidence" (Thelonious Monk) — 3:48
"Let's Call This" (Monk) — 4:07
"Rhapsodic Interlude #2" — 14:42
"How Long Has This Been Going On?" (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin) — 5:15
Recorded in Toronto, Canada, on March 14, 1988
Personnel
Mal Waldron – piano
References
1988 albums
Mal Waldron albums
Solo piano jazz albums
Pselnophorus belfragei (Belfrage's plume moth) is a moth of the family Pterophoridae. It is found in the south-eastern United States, from South Carolina to Florida, west to Texas and Oklahoma.
The wingspan is about . Adults have light gray forewings with dark speckling and three or four black spots. The abdomen is light yellowish or yellowish-gray with sparse speckling. They are on wing year round.
The larvae feed on the leaves of Dichondra caroliniensis.
Etymology
It is named for Gustav Wilhelm Belfrage.
References
Moths described in 1881
Oidaematophorini
Endemic fauna of the United States
Moths of North America
Unisport de Sokodé is a Togolese football club. They play in the top division in Togolese football. 10,000 capacity Stade Municipal is their home.
Football clubs in Togo
Football clubs in Sokodé
Events in the year 1949 in Indonesia. The country had an estimated population of 74,530,300.
Incumbents
President: Sukarno
Vice President: Mohammad Hatta
Prime Minister: Mohammad Hatta, Susanto Tirtoprodjo (Acting)
Chief Justice: Kusumah Atmaja
Events
Continuing Indonesian National Revolution
28 January - Adoption of the United Nations Security Council Resolution 67
7 May - Roem–Van Roijen Agreement
12 May - Establishment of the Apostolic Prefecture of Hollandia
1 July - Founding of the Jawa Pos newspaper
4 August - Disestablishment of the First Hatta Cabinet
4 August - The Second Hatta Cabinet takes office
23 August - 2 November - Dutch–Indonesian Round Table Conference
August - Establishment of the Kolese Loyola high school, in Semarang
5 October - Adoption of the United Nations Security Council Resolution 76
15 October - Founding of the Universitas Nasional
14 December - Dissolution of the Second Hatta Cabinet
19 December - Founding of the Gadjah Mada University, in Yogyakarta
27 December - Treaty of The Hague
27 December - Establishment of the Netherlands-Indonesian Union
27 December - End of the Indonesian National Revolution with an Indonesian victory
27 December - The Susanto Cabinet takes office
References
1940s in Indonesia
Years of the 20th century in Indonesia
Elizabeth of Holstein-Rendsburg (c. 1300 – before 1340) was the regent of the Duchy of Saxe-Lauenburg during the minority of her son from 1321 until 1330. She was by two consecutive marriages, duchess of Saxe-Lauenburg and queen of Denmark by marriage (1330-1331) to Eric Christoffersen, son of Christopher II of Denmark.
Life
A member of the House of Schauenburg, Elizabeth was the daughter of Henry I, Count of Holstein-Rendsburg, and Heilwig of Bronckhorst. Her first husband was John II, Duke of Saxe-Lauenburg, whom she married in c. 1315. Elizabeth gave birth to a son who succeeded her husband as Albert IV, Duke of Saxe-Lauenburg, but she ruled the duchy as regent due to his minority.
In 1330, Duchess Elizabeth married Eric, junior king of Denmark, the son of her brother Gerhard's enemy, King Christopher II of Denmark. The couple had no children and the marriage was dissolved the next year. Her former husband died in war with Holstein in 1332.
References
Elisabeth
1300 births
1340 deaths
House of Schauenburg
Duchesses of Saxe-Lauenburg
Danish royal consorts
14th-century women rulers
14th-century Danish nobility
14th-century Danish women
14th-century German nobility
14th-century German women
Imma acroptila is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found in Sierra Leone.
The wingspan is 16–17 mm. The forewings are dark fuscous, mixed with glossy purplish slaty on the veins, in females mixed with ochreous between the veins. There is a short orange dash from the base, and a slender streak beneath the costa towards the base, as well as several small scattered orange spots and streaks in the disc. In females, there is an obscure submarginal orange-ochreous line from three-fourths of the costa to the tornus. The hindwings are dark fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Africa
Daxiong () real name Guo Jingxiong (born December 25, 1975), is a comic book artist, editor and publisher. Daxiong is currently one of the most successful in Chinese and European comics artists. He placed first at the Shanghai Animation & Comic Competition and received top honors at the 33rd annual Angoulême International Comics Festival.
Early life
Daxiong was born December 25, 1975, in Jilin province, China, and developed an enjoyment for illustrating at an early age.
Career
After graduating with a degree in Commercial Design from the Jilin Art Institute in China, he assumed a teaching position with his alma mater as instructor of comic and cartoon illustrations. In 1999 he created Qicartoon Studios in Jilin province where he served as the chief illustrator. In 2000 he was the winner of the Shanghai Animation & Comic Competition with his work "Chinese Ghost Stories" which received publication soon after the competition. In 2002 Qicartoon Studios earned third place in the Shanghai Animation Competition for its work "Zhuzi Baijia". In Europe, he received top honors at the 33rd annual Angoulême International Comics Festival for his work in "Demi Gods and Semi Devils" written by Chinese novelist Jin Yong, who is the best-selling Chinese author.
Since 1999, through his studio, Daxiong has published more than 100 titles which are being distributed in China, Japan, and Taiwan. He began illustrating the MouWang series, which is being published and distributed in France by Soleil Publications. In 2008 Daxiong was arrested in China because his art offended the Chinese Communist Party.
After winning top honors at the 33rd annual Angoulême International Comics Festival for his work in "Demi Gods and Semi Devils." Da Xiong was offered a contract to work with Soleil Publication on the book Muowang.
After relocating to New York City, Daxiong founded Flag Art Studios. He was the artist on the Top 10 Special #1 with Wildstorm Productions and has been announced as the artist on the graphic novella, Star Wars: Adventures: Luke Skywalker and the Treasure of the Dragonsnakes with writer Tom Taylor through Dark Horse Comics.
Daxiong is the artist for a 10-page story titled "Superman and Doctor Light in Samurai" in DC's 80 Page Giant, Justice League of America, written by Amanda Mcmurry.
In 2022 he participated in the creation of Eternal Spring, a partially animated documentary film by Jason Loftus about Falun Gong's 2002 hijacking of broadcast television stations in Changchun.
Awards
Awards:
GOLDEN MONKEY KING AWARD China international Cartoon and Animation Festival (2008 China)
Top honors at the 33rd annual Angoulême International Comics Festival.(2006 France)
Viewer's Choice Award on ICON 29.(2010 US)
Best Original interactive production (2018 nominated in Academy of Canadian Cinema & television)
Notable works
Fairy Tales (Inner Mongolia Publications, 1996)
A Thousand Phrases (Inner Mongolia Publications, 1996)
10 Greatest Stories in the World (Jilin Publication, 1998)
Chinese Ghost Stories (Northern China Publications, 2000)
Philosophers (Jilin Entertainment, 2001)
Water Margin Heroes (Shanghai People's Press, 2002)
Twenty Years of Strange 12 Issues (Hebei Art Press, 2002)
36 Tactics, 18 issues (Northern Press, 2003)
Sir Apropos of Nothing #4 Alt Cover (IDW, 2008)
TOP 10 Special #1 (Wildstorm Productions, 2009)
Justice League of America 80-PAGE Giant 10-page Superman story, (DC Comics, 2009)
Star Wars Adventures: Luke Skywalker and the Treasure of the Dragonsnakes (January 20, 2010)
Fringe: Tales From The Fringe #2" (July, 2010)
Star Wars Adventures: Boba Fett and the Ship of Fear (2011)
La Guerre des Orcs T1 (Soleil France 2011)
GFT GRIMM FAIRY TALES #104 C (Zenescope Entertainment 2013)
Wonderland #27 Cover (Zenescope Entertainment 2014)
#117 Wicked Cover A- [Zenescope Comic 2015]
CBRNe World Magazine Cover (2015 Oct edition)
Red Whisperer (self- publish)
Shuyan saga video game (Art Director, Mark Media Canada, released in August 2017)
References
External links
Chinese comics artists
Comic book editors
Comic book publishers (people)
1975 births
Living people
Artists from Jilin
Falun Gong practitioners
Since the introduction of Crayola drawing crayons by Binney & Smith in 1903, more than two hundred distinctive colors have been produced in a wide variety of assortments. Crayola became such a hit because the company figured out a way to inexpensively combine paraffin wax with safe pigments. The line has undergone several major revisions in its history, notably in 1935, 1949, 1958, and 1990. Numerous specialty crayons have also been produced, complementing the basic Crayola assortment.
1903: the original Crayola colors
After several decades producing commercial pigments, Binney & Smith produced their first crayon, the black Staonal Marking Crayon, in 1902. The following year, the company decided to enter the consumer market with its first drawing crayons. The name Crayola was suggested by Alice Binney, wife of company founder Edwin Binney, combining craie, French for "chalk," a reference to the pastels that preceded and lent their name to the first drawing crayons, with the suffix -ola, meaning "oleaginous," a reference to the wax from which the crayons were made. Initially this was just one of the brands produced by Binney & Smith; other crayons were produced under names such as Cerola, Cerata, Durel, Perma, and Boston, among others; but the Crayola brand proved the most successful, and was produced in two lines: Crayola Gold Medal School Crayons and "Rubens" Crayola Artists' Crayons.
Early Crayola advertising mentions thirty different colors, although there is no official list; in fact thirty-eight different crayons are known from Crayola boxes of this period. The largest labeled assortment was box No. 51, titled Crayola Young Artists' Drawing Crayons, which included twenty-eight different crayons. Other colors were found in different boxes, including the "Rubens" No. 500, a twenty-four crayon assortment. The names of several crayons varied from box to box; in general the larger assortments tended to use names associated with oil paints, and in fact early Crayola literature frequently describes drawing with crayons as a form of painting.
Over time, simpler names were favored, and several colors were discontinued by 1910, including Light and Dark Venetian Red, Permanent Geranium Lake, Celestial Blue, Raw Sienna, and Charcoal Gray; the use of "Purple" as an alternative for "Violet" ended about 1914; and after 1915 Gold, Silver, and Copper were no longer available in assortments, although Gold and Silver were still available in bulk.
Munsell Crayola, 1926–1944
In 1926, Binney & Smith acquired the Munsell Color Company's line of crayons, based on the Munsell color system developed by Albert Henry Munsell. This marked the first time that Crayola crayons incorporated the concept of the color wheel. The Munsell color wheel consisted of five "principal hues" (red, yellow, green, blue, and purple), and five "intermediate hues" (yellow red, green yellow, blue green, blue purple, and red purple). Each color was available in either "maximum chroma" or with "middle value and middle chroma." Three different packages were offered: a box of seven containing the five principal hues at maximum chroma plus Middle Gray and Black, a box of twelve containing the five principal hues, both at maximum chroma and at middle value and chroma, plus Middle Gray and Black, and a box of twenty-two, containing both the principal and intermediate hues, each at maximum chroma as well as with middle value and chroma, plus Middle Gray and Black.
The Munsell color wheel prompted Binney & Smith to adopt a similar color wheel concept for Crayola crayons in 1930, using six principal hues (red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and violet) and six intermediate hues (red-orange, yellow-orange, yellow-green, blue-green, blue-violet, and red-violet), for a twelve-color wheel. These were combined with Black, Neutral Gray, White, and Brown to produce a sixteen-color box. Munsell Crayola boxes were discontinued in 1935, although the crayons were produced in specially-marked Crayola boxes until 1944, when wartime shortages made many of the pigments necessary for crayon production unavailable. Munsell crayons were not produced again after the war, but the concept of the color wheel pioneered by Munsell remained a fundamental part of the Crayola lineup until 1990.
The Munsell colors are depicted in the table below.
Changes through 1949
From 1930 to 1935, Binney & Smith refined the Crayola line-up, discontinuing some colors and adjusting others, and incorporating the Munsell colors into its regular line. In 1939, the company introduced the No. 52 assortment, containing fifty-two colors, including all of the Munsell colors and all but six of the other crayons then being produced. Although it was by far the largest Crayola assortment yet offered, the No. 52 received little publicity, and was only produced for about five years; in 1944, wartime shortages made the pigments necessary to produce many colors unavailable.
When full production was resumed in 1949, Binney & Smith eliminated most of the Munsell colors, and their significant overlap with other hues. The new lineup was based around the twelve-color wheel of Crayola colors, first developed during the 1930s. While new crayons were added to the assortment, the overall number of colors dropped to forty-eight, and the No. 52 box was formally discontinued in favor of the new No. 48 assortment, containing all of the colors then being produced.
While a number of older crayons were eliminated from the Crayola line, several new colors representing light, medium, and dark shades of the principal and intermediate hues were added, to create the most systematic assortment yet produced. For ten years, the No. 48 box was Crayola's largest collection, and for decades afterward it remained an integral part of the line.
Crayola No. 64
Introduced in 1958, the Crayola No. 64 was Binney & Smith's largest regular assortment for more than thirty years, and featured the last major changes to Crayola colors before 1990. The iconic flip-top box arranged sixty-four crayons in four rows of sixteen, progressively raised to allow for easier access, and a crayon sharpener built into the back of the box.
Although a few of the colors from the No. 48 box were discontinued at this time, most were retained, sometimes with different names, and several new crayons were added to the assortment, including six new "intermediate" hues, as the Crayola color wheel expanded from twelve to eighteen colors.
Changes 1958–1990
The first changes to the No. 64 box were made in its first year of production, as Light Blue and Brilliant Rose were replaced by Turquoise Blue and Magenta. From then to 1990, no colors were replaced, although, in 1963, Flesh was formally renamed Peach, partially in response to the civil rights movement, the company said. Flesh had been known as Flesh Tint until 1949, and was called Pink Beige from 1956 to 1958. In 1962, the flesh-colored crayon was not featured in the commemorative box because Crayola felt it was insensitive. They recognized that not all skin tones are the same.
The 1970s saw the introduction of Crayola's first specialty crayons, eight fluorescent colors designed to glow under black light. These were never added to the No. 64 box, but were available separately or in a special box of 72 crayons, typically packaged with activity books or crayon stands. Fabric crayons were introduced in 1980, as the Crayola brand continued to expand beyond regular drawing crayons. Colored pencils and markers followed.
1990–present
1990 saw the first major changes to Crayola drawing crayons in more than thirty years, as eight colors were "retired into the Crayon Hall of Fame," and eight new colors were introduced, followed by sixteen more in 1993, and twenty-four more in 1998. Five colors were replaced between 2000 and 2003.
The first major change was the replacement of eight colors that had long been part of the Crayola lineup. These were: Orange-Red (first produced in 1958), Maize (formerly Gold Ochre, produced since 1903), Orange-Yellow (1958), Lemon Yellow (formerly Light Yellow, produced since 1903), Green-Blue (1958), Violet-Blue (produced as Blue-Violet from 1930 to 1958), Raw Umber (1903), and Blue-Gray (1958). With the loss of Orange-Red, Orange-Yellow, Green-Blue, and Violet-Blue, the Crayola color wheel was reduced from eighteen to fourteen colors, with six "principal hues" and eight "intermediate" hues. The eight new colors were: Vivid Tangerine, Dandelion (later retired in 2017), Jungle Green, Teal Blue (later retired in 2003), Cerulean, Royal Purple, Fuchsia, and Wild Strawberry.
Late in 1992, Binney & Smith introduced the Crayola No. 96 Big Box, containing the sixty-four existing colors, as well as sixteen fluorescent crayons, and sixteen unnamed colors, the names of which were to be chosen in a nationwide contest. The winners were announced the following year, and included: Macaroni and Cheese, Asparagus, Granny Smith Apple, Shamrock, Tropical Rain Forest, Robin's Egg Blue, Pacific Blue, Denim, Purple Mountains' Majesty, Wisteria, Cerise, Razzmatazz, Tickle Me Pink, Mauvelous, Tumbleweed, and Timberwolf.
In 1996, a special color called Blue Ribbon was produced to celebrate the production of one hundred billion Crayola crayons since 1903. Crayons of this color were included in "limited edition" versions of the No. 96 box produced early that year, but it did not become part of the regular assortment. The following year, four bright colors were introduced: Sunset Orange, Caribbean Green, Vivid Violet, and Pink Flamingo, which were then incorporated into the regular lineup. 1997 also saw a contest called to name eight new colors, incorporated into assortments the following year: Torch Red (later “Scarlet” in 1998), Banana Mania, Mountain Meadow, Outer Space, Purple Heart, Brink Pink (later “Pink Sherbet” in 2005), Fuzzy Wuzzy Brown, and Shadow.
1998 saw the introduction of Crayola's first 120-count assortment. In addition to the existing colors, twelve more were added to the lineup in order to bring the count of regular and fluorescent crayons up to 120. These were: Canary, Fern, Manatee, Blue Bell, Eggplant, Cotton Candy, Cranberry (later “Blush” in 2005), Pig Pink, Beaver, Desert Sand, Almond, and Antique Brass, a metallic crayon. The same year, Torch Red became Scarlet.
In 1999, Indian Red, part of the Crayola lineup since 1903, was renamed Chestnut, ostensibly because of confusion that children would assume that the color referred to the skin color of American Indians, rather than a reddish pigment from India. Thistle, originally produced as Light Magenta in 1949, was replaced by Indigo.
To celebrate the hundredth anniversary of Crayola Crayons in 2003, a special 100-count box was created, adding four new colors to the existing 96-color box. As in 1992 and 1996, the names were chosen as part of a contest, and the four new crayons became part of the No. 96 box at the end of the anniversary year. The new colors were: Mango Tango, Inchworm, Wild Blue Yonder, and Jazzberry Jam. To make room for them, four other crayons were retired; two of the sixteen fluorescent colors (Magic Mint and Blizzard Blue), plus Mulberry (produced since 1958) and Teal Blue (introduced in 1990). Crayola enthusiasts were given the opportunity to save one of five colors nominated for retirement via an internet poll: the winner was Burnt Sienna.
Three colors received new names in 2005, as Brink Pink became Pink , Cranberry became Blush, and Fuzzy Wuzzy Brown was shortened to Fuzzy Wuzzy. Since these changes, the Crayola lineup has remained steady, with changes confined to specialty crayons.
On March 31, 2017, Crayola announced it would retire Dandelion, to replace it with a blue color. A public vote was held, and in September 14, 2017, the new crayon color's name was announced as "Bluetiful". The crayon color was included in the boxes for sale starting in late January 2018.
In 2021, four new colors were introduced: "Crayellow", "Powder Blue", "Cool Mint", and "Oatmeal".
The following table includes all of the standard colors introduced since 1990.
The Crayola color wheel
1926: 10 colors
The concept of the color wheel first became associated with Crayola crayons with Binney & Smith's acquisition of the Munsell line in 1926. Munsell's color system was based on five "principal hues" and five "intermediate hues," resulting in a color wheel of ten colors. The principal hues were red, yellow, green, blue, and purple; the intermediate hues were yellow red, green yellow, blue green, blue purple, and red purple. Each was available with either maximum chroma or with middle value and middle chroma. The following table depicts all of the principal and intermediate hues at maximum chroma.
1930: 12 colors
In 1930, Binney & Smith adopted the concept of the color wheel into its own line, including orange as a principal hue, and basing the other hues on its existing colors rather than the Munsell version. This resulted in a twelve-color wheel that fit neatly into the regular Crayola lineup.
Adjustments in 1935 and 1949
The only significant changes to the Crayola color wheel between 1930 and 1958 occurred in 1935, when the original blue was replaced with a darker hue, and 1949, when a new version of violet was introduced:
1958: 18 colors
In 1958, Binney & Smith introduced the No. 64 box, with numerous changes to the existing palette, and a major revision of the color wheel, which expanded from twelve to eighteen colors. The six intermediate hues were doubled, so that there were now two intermediate hues between each of the principal hues. The 1935 blue was replaced with a more intense color, and a new, darker blue-green was substituted for the previous version; the 1930 version of violet returned, while the 1949 violet became blue-violet, and the original blue-violet became violet-blue. The 1958 color wheel remained a fixture of Crayola crayons until 1990, when four of the colors were discontinued: orange-red, orange-yellow, green-blue, and violet-blue. Without these colors, the Crayola color wheel includes fourteen colors; there are two hues between yellow and green, and two between violet and red, but only one between the other principal hues.
See also
List of Crayola crayon colors
Timeline of Crayola
List of colors
Footnotes
References
Crayola
Crayola crayons, History
Cray
es:Crayola#Historia
Yakov Lvovich Alpert (Russian: Яков Львович Альперт) (March 1, 1911 – October 5, 2010) was a Russian Empire-born American physicist whose principal field of research was space plasma physics.
Biography
He was born at Ivnitsy, a village near Zhitomir, in the Russian Empire. In 1928 he obtained an excellent grade in the entrance examination for the Ukrainian Polytechnic Institute, but because his father, a commercial traveler, was considered not to be a worker, he was refused admission; instead, he took employment as a carpenter. In 1929 he left Zhitomir for Moscow, where he worked first as a builder's labourer, then as a draughtsman for architectural exhibitions. He was able to get a job as a technician at the Radio Institute of the Ministry of Communications in 1931, and from that time he remained in his chosen field of physics.
During his scientific career in the USSR, Alpert worked from 1931 to 1934 at the Communications Radio Institute; then, from 1935 until 1951 at the Lebedev Physical Institute (FIAN) of the Academy of Sciences; and finally at the Institute of Terrestrial Magnetism, Propagation of Radio Waves, and Ionosphere (IZMIRAN) of the Academy of Sciences, from 1952 until he left the USSR in 1987.
In 1973 he and his wife Svetlana Pivkova decided to emigrate. The first step was to obtain a letter from a relative in Israel, inviting them to settle there; at that time, even non-Jews leaving the Soviet Union could only go to Israel. He requested such a letter through Israel's Academy of Sciences, and in due course received one. Its arrival was noticed by the Soviet authorities, and as was then customary he was demoted at his place of work, in his case to a post of Senior Scientist with a reduced salary, while she was dismissed from her post (at a different Institute) and could not obtain one elsewhere. In 1975 they were finally permitted to apply for exit visas, but this application was refused, as were 26 other such applications they made during the next 12 years. During this period, he took an active part in a scientific seminar to maintain his skills and those of his fellow “refuseniks”. It was organized by Victor Brailovsky, and the other participants included Alexander Lerner, Yuri Orlov, and Anatoly Sharansky; though not himself a candidate for emigration, Andrei Sakharov often attended the seminar and supported the refuseniks until his exile to Gorky in 1980. Following the arrest of Brailovsky in 1981, these seminars were often held at the Alperts' apartment.
In 1987, the Alperts received their visas and left for the US, where they arrived in 1988 and settled near Boston. For the rest of his professional life he was a Senior Staff Scientist at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics. He never retired formally, but his last publication under the auspices of the Center for Astrophysics was made in 2001.
Scientific work
Alpert's main scientific interests at the FIAN and the IZMIRAN were
Propagation of radio waves, particularly natural ones (i.e., "atmospherics") below and within the ionosphere.
Physical structure of the ionosphere and the magnetosphere, and plasma wave processes in these regions.
Interaction of moving bodies with a plasma.
Between 1936 and 2001, he had 8 books published in Russian and 11 in English (9 original monographs, 3 second editions), the last one being his autobiography. Also he published about 200 scientific papers in Russian or in English and a dozen popular scientific papers in Russian. Forty-three of them are listed in Web of Science.
References
External links
Y.L. Alpert, Tribute to the Scientific School of L.I. Mandelshtam.
Y.L. Alpert, Curriculum Vitae (PDF file).
Lev Pitaevskii, Appreciation in Physics Reports 339, 2001.
Obituary in American Geophysical Union, SPA Section Newsletter 17 (Issue 77), 2010.
Obituary in Physics-Uspekhi 54 (Issue 5), 2011 (in Russian). Translation to English.
Obituary in Boston Globe, October 17, 2010.
1911 births
2010 deaths
Nuclear physicists
Soviet physicists
20th-century American physicists
Jewish Russian physicists
Ukrainian Jews
Refuseniks
Soviet emigrants to the United States
I Am a Man is a declaration of civil rights, often used as a personal statement and as a declaration of independence against oppression.
"Am I not a man?"
Historically, in countries such as the United States and South Africa, the term "boy" was used as a pejorative racist insult towards men of color and slaves, indicating their subservient social status of being less than men. In response, "Am I not a man and a brother?" became a catchphrase used by British and American abolitionists. In 1787, Josiah Wedgwood designed the Wedgwood anti-slavery medallion. He copied the original design from the Society for Effecting the Abolition of the Slave Trade as a cameo in black and white. It was widely reproduced and became a popular fashion statement promoting justice, humanity, and freedom.
The question "Am I not a man?" was brought up again during the Dred Scott decision of the U.S. Supreme Court in 1857. During the Civil Rights Movement at the Memphis sanitation strike in 1968, "I Am a Man!" signs were used to answer the same question.
On trial for bringing his son back to Nebraska for burial, from a forced march to Oklahoma, in 1879 Ponca Chief Standing Bear spoke to Judge Dundy in his Omaha trial, "That hand is not the color of yours, but if I pierce it, I shall feel pain. If you pierce your hand, you also feel pain. The blood that will flow from mine will be the same color as yours. I am a man. God made us both." Standing Bear (and Native Americans) were granted habeas corpus meaning that they had status in the court and were indeed human beings.
Modern use
"I Am a Man!" has been used as a title for books, plays, and in music and film to assert the rights of all people to be treated with dignity.
"I Am a Man!" was a foundational reference in Derek DelGaudio's theater show "In & Of Itself." DelGaudio created 1,000 "I AM" cards, each with a different descriptor. Before each show, audience members were instructed, "Choose how you wish to be seen."
"I am a man" is one of the many pre-approved social justice messages the NBA is allowing their players to display on the back of their jersey during the remainder of the 2019-2020 NBA season. Additional messages include: "Black Lives Matter; Say Their Names; Vote; I Can't Breathe; Justice; Peace; Equality; Freedom; Enough; Power to the People; Justice Now; Say Her Name; Sí Se Puede (Yes We Can); Liberation; See Us; Hear Us; Respect Us; Love Us; Listen; Listen to Us; Stand Up; Ally; Anti-Racist; Speak Up; How Many More; Group Economics; Education Reform; and Mentor" according to the NBAPA.
Untitled (I Am a Man),1988 painting by Glenn Ligon as a reinterpretation of the signs carried during the Memphis sanitation strike in 1968.
Other uses
The Elephant Man declares, "I am not an elephant! I am not an animal! I am a human being! I ... am ... a ... man!"
See also
Manish Boy
Ain't I a Woman?
Death of Echol Cole and Robert Walker
References
Statements
Slogans
Civil rights protests
Transport in Venezuela revolves around a system of highways and airports. Venezuela is connected to the world primarily via air (Venezuela's airports include the Simón Bolívar International Airport near Caracas and La Chinita International Airport near Maracaibo) and sea (with major seaports at La Guaira, Maracaibo and Puerto Cabello). In the south and east the Amazon rainforest region has limited cross-border transport; in the west, there is a mountainous border of over shared with Colombia. The Orinoco River is navigable by oceangoing vessels up to 400 km inland, and connects the major industrial city of Ciudad Guayana to the Atlantic Ocean.
Venezuela has a limited national railway system, which has no active rail connections to other countries. Several major cities have metro systems; the Caracas Metro has been operating since 1983. The Maracaibo Metro and Valencia Metro were opened more recently. Venezuela has a road network of around 100,000 km (placing it around 47th in the world); around a third of roads are paved.
As of 2019, about 80% of public transportation is not operational within the country.
Railways
total:
7000 km (?) (248 km privately owned, including Orinoco Mining Company)
standard gauge:
682 km (40 km electrified) ()
Cities with underground railway systems
Caracas (El Metro de Caracas, operated by C.A. Metro de Caracas)
Los Teques Metro - opened in 2006.
Maracaibo Metro - opened in 2006.
Valencia Metro (Venezuela) - opened in 2006.
See also
East-West Railway, Venezuela
Railway links with adjoining countries
Guyana - no
Brazil - no
Brazil
Colombia - yes, but inoperative (Railroad of Cúcuta) - proposed rebuilding
Colombia
Maps
Encarta
Standards
Gauge:
Coupling: AAR
Brakes: Air
Electrification: 25 kV AC 60 Hz
Stations
Timeline
2006
Venezuela awards contracts worth $2.2 billion to build two new railway lines. Construction on the two new lines connecting San Juan de los Morros to San Fernando de Apure and connecting Chaguaramas to Cabruta is expected to begin in Q2 2006 and is expected to take six years to complete. April 2006 in rail transport.
In October 2006, Venezuela opened a new Caracas-Cúa railway, the first new railway in the country for 70 years
"Towards the end of this month, we would have final discussions with Mittal Steel," said Mr Kapur, adding that the initial discussions took place in March. Moreover, Ircon is also likely to construct a new rail line in Venezuela at an estimated cost of $350 million.
2008
On August 23, 2008, a deal was signed between Argentina (Argentina), Brazil (Brazil) and Venezuela to develop an electrified railway link between these countries. A minor hurdle is the use of both 50 Hz and 60 Hz.
July 5 - meeting between Venezuela, Colombia (Colombia) and Ecuador (Ecuador) regarding a railway for freight and passengers to link the three countries, and linking the Pacific with the Atlantic also.
2009
March 2009 - China to help build new network
Highways
Automobile transport is encouraged by the fact that Venezuela has the lowest gas prices in the world, at $0.18 per gallon ($0.05 per liter). In some cases, gas is less expensive than bottled water.
total:
96,155 km
paved:
32,308 km
unpaved:
63,847 km (1997 est.)
Motorways
Venezuela has a fairly developed motorway network, certainly more developed than in most of South American nations. It is especially operative in the Northern and Western parts of the country, connecting the main cities of the country. The following roads feature at least 4 lanes and double carriageway:
Autopista Barquisimeto - Acarigua. It runs from Barquisimeto through Cabudare to Acarigua. Its length is 70 km.
Autopista Caracas - La Guaira. It runs from Caracas to the Maiquetía International Airport and La Guaira. It extends for 30 km.
Autopista Cimarrón Andresote. It runs from Barquisimeto through San Felipe and Morón. Its length is 125 km.
Autopista Circunvalación del Este. It runs from Valencia to Naguanagua. Its length is 13 km.
Autopista Circunvalación Norte. It serves as a bypass for Barquisimeto. Its length is 30 km.
Autopista Gran Mariscal de Ayacucho. Projected to run from Caracas to Güiria, it is a motorway currently under construction, though parts of it are already in use, including Caracas - Río Chico (98 km.), Caucagua - Higuerote (20 km.), Boca de Uchire - Clarines (43 km.), Píritu - Puerto La Cruz (66 km.) and Santa Fe - Cumaná (52 km).
Autopista José Antonio Páez. It runs from Valencia to Barinas. It also connects the cities of San Carlos, Acarigua and Guanare. It has a length of 336 km.
Autopista Manuel Piar. It connects Ciudad Guayana and Upata. It stretches for 62 km.
Autopista Regional del Centro. It is one of the most important motorways of the country, running between Venezuela's first and third biggest population centres: Caracas and Valencia. It also connects Charallave, Maracay and Guacara. Its length is 160 km.
Autopista San Cristóbal - La Fría. It is a motorway currently under construction, projected to link San Cristóbal and La Fría. Some parts of the motorway are already open, such as San Cristóbal - Palmira (18 km), Lobatera - San Juan de Colón (16 km) and San Félix - La Fría (19 km).
Autopista Simón Bolívar. It links Ciudad Guayana and Puerto Ordaz with Ciudad Bolívar. It has a length of 131 km.
Autopista Valencia - Puerto Cabello. It extends from Guacara, to Puerto Cabello in the Caribbean coast. It has a length of 60 km.
Autopista Valera - Trujillo. It connects the city of Valera with Trujillo. It extends for 34 km.
Autopista Zulia - Lara. It extends from Barquisimeto to Maracaibo, two of the main population centres of Venezuela. It also links Carora, Ciudad Ojeda and Cabimas. It has a length of 293 km.
Avenida Juan Bautista Arismendi. It connects Porlamar and Punta de Piedras. It has a length of 36 km.
Carretera Rafael Caldera. It is a two lane expressway that links Mérida with El Vigía. It has a length of 60 km.
Intercomunal Coro - Punto Fijo. It connects Coro and Punto Fijo. It extends for 79 km.
Waterways
7,100 km; Rio Orinoco (400 km) and Lago de Maracaibo accept oceangoing vessels
Pipelines
extra heavy crude 980 km
crude oil 6,694 km
refined products 1,620 km
natural gas 5,347 km (2010)
Ports and harbors
Air travel
In 2012, Venezuela had 492 airports.
In 2014, due to difficulty converting bolivars to other currencies, many international airlines either cut back or entirely cancelled service to the country. A shortage of seats caused international ticket prices to rise; one report found airfare to Miami more than double the fare to Miami from Bogota in Colombia.
Airports - with paved runways
total:
128
over3,047 m:
6
2,438 to 3,047 m:
9
1,524 to 2,437 m:
35
914 to 1,523 m:
61
under 914 m:
17 (2012)
Airports - with unpaved runways
total:
364
2,438 to 3,047 m:
3
1,524 to 2,437 m:
55
914 to 1,523 m:
113
under 914 m:
193 (2012)
Heliports
3 (2012)
Cable car
At one time Venezuela had the world's highest cable car. The Mérida cable car opened in 1960, connecting Mérida with the top of the Sierra Nevada de Mérida. It was closed indefinitely in 2008, having reached the end of its service life.
References
External links
Map of transport infrastructures of Venezuela
Karmijn de Sonnaville is a variety of apple bred by Piet de Sonnaville, working in Wageningen (the Netherlands) in 1949. It is a cross of Cox's Orange Pippin and Jonathan, and was first grown commercially beginning in 1971.
It is high both in sugars (including some sucrose) and acidity. It is a triploid, and hence needs good pollination, and can be difficult to grow. It also suffers from fruit russet, which can be severe. In Manhart's book, “apples for the 21st century”, Karmijn de Sonnaville is tipped as a possible success for the future, but as time passes, it seems less likely to make it to the big-time.
Karmijn de Sonnaville is not widely grown in large quantities, but in Ireland, at The Apple Farm, it is grown for fresh sale and juice-making, for which the variety is well suited.
Piet de Sonnaville died in 1995, but was still involved in apple breeding at that time, and his son Ben, who lives in Altforst in the Netherlands, continues to grow apples and breed new varieties.
References
Karmijn de Sonnaville at Orange Pippin
Trees of Antiquity
Salt Springs Apple Company
Apple cultivars
Dutch inventions
Violoncello was a notable Australian Thoroughbred race horse.
Bred in England where he had raced six times for three wins, he was purchased as a seven-year-old for 4,000 guineas by Sir Samuel Hordern and sent to Australia. Grandsire Laveno (GB) won the 1895 Great Britain Champion Stakes and Jockey Club Stakes.
His half-brother, Quinologist had won the 1916 AJC Metropolitan Handicap which influenced Hordern to purchase him.
Violoncello won the 1921 Caulfield Cup and the inaugural running of the Cox Plate in 1922.
England Starts: 21 starts 5 wins, 1 second, 1 third
Australian Starts: 16 starts 5 wins, 2 seconds, 1 third
References
1916 racehorse births
Cox Plate winners
Caulfield Cup winners
Sir John Constable (1526–1579), of Burton Constable and Halsham, Yorkshire, was an English Member of Parliament for Hedon March 1553, October 1553, 1558 and 1563, and possibly for Yorkshire in 1555.
References
1526 births
1579 deaths
Members of the Parliament of England for Hedon
English MPs 1553 (Edward VI)
English MPs 1553 (Mary I)
English MPs 1558
English MPs 1563–1567
English MPs 1555
The IVECO Bus Crossway is an urban and intercity bus produced by IVECO Bus since 2006.
Construction features
Body is semi-self-supporting with frame and engine with manual gearbox and automatic gearbox placed to the rear ('pusher bus'). Only rear axle is powered. All axles use air suspension. On the right side are two or three doors. Interior seating is cloth. The drivers cab is integral with the rest of the vehicle.
Production and operation
In 2006, the Crossway was put into serial production. In 2013 a modernised version was introduced, with a Euro VI engine and a refreshed appearance.
Irisbus Crossway (2006–2013)
Launched in 2006 and continued production until 2013, it was the first vehicle to comply with the Euro IV Emission Standards, the ABS and ASR are standard equipment.
The Irisbus Crossway was offered in four lengths:
Crossway 10.8 m
Manufactured since 2007 until 2013 as the replacement for Arway 10.6 m.
Crossway 12 m
Manufactured from 2007 to 2013 together with Crossway 10.8 m. It replaces the Arway 12.8 m and Axer 12.8 m.
Crossway 12.8 m
Manufactured from 2007 until 2013 replacing the Arway 12.8 m and Axer 12.8 m, in 2013, the Crossway 12.8 m was replaced with the 13 m variant.
Crossway 13 m
Manufactured since 2013 as the replacement for Crossway 12.8 m.
IVECO Crossway (2013–)
The New Iveco Crossway was launched in 2013 with five variants:
Crossway Pop
Production: 2013-Present
Dimensions: 10.8 m, 12 m, 12.8 m, 13 m (until 2013).
Engines: IVECO Tector 6 or IVECO Tector 7 mated to 6-speed manual or 4 or 6-speed automatic gearbox.
Crossway Line
Production: 2013-Presemt
Dimensions: 10.8 m, 12 m, 12.8 m, 13 m (until 2013).
Engines: IVECO Tector 6/7 or IVECO Cursor 8/9, mated to a 6-speed manual or 4/6 speed automatic transmissions.
Crossway HV
Stands for High Value. Equipped with integrated air conditioning, Vetilator and Individual Lighting systems, powered by the Cursor Engine mated to an Automatic gearbox.
Crossway Pro
Intended for Regional Transport.
Production: 2007-Present
Dimensions: 10.8 m, 12 m, 12.8 m, 13 m (until 2013).
Engines: IVECO Cursor 8 or 9 mated to a 4 or 6-speed automatic gearbox.
Crossway LE
The low floor version of the Crossway is launched in 2007 with two variants:
City: Available for Urban and Suburban trips.
Line: Available for Suburban and Intercity trips.
Engine and Powertrain
IVECO Tector 6 - 5.9 litre Turbocharged and Intercooled Inline-six cylinder engine with Euro IV and V emission compliant.
IVECO Tector 7 - 6.7 litre Turbocharged and Intercooled Inline-six cylinder engine with Euro V and VI emission compliant.
IVECO Cursor 8 - 7.9 litre Turbocharged and Intercooled Inline-six cylinder engine with Euro IV, V and EEV Emission Compliant.
IVECO Cursor 9 - 8.7 litre Turbocharged and Intercooled Inline-six cylinder engine with Euro V and VI emission compliant.
Operators
Netherlands: Amstelveen. Connexxion, operating 68 Iveco Crossway Low Entry
Denmark: Midttrafik, Sydtrafik, Movia, Tide Bus, Arriva Aalborg operating 118 high-floor and 24 low-floor (Crossway LE) models
Austria: ÖBB Postbus, 'over 200' buses
Finland: Transdev Finland, (Transdev 's operations in finland ended in 2019.)
France: Aix-les-Bains (operated by Ondea) Côtes-d'Armor (operated by Ti'bus).
Estonia: Operating total 88 high-floor and 43 low-floor (Crossway LE)
Czech Republic: Operate for Exprescar Kladno on route 399 between Kladno and Prague.
Iceland: Operate services in Reykjavík for Straeto bs.
Italy: Operated by: TPER (Bologna), SACA Bus, CO. ER. BUS, SAB (Bergamo), SAD (South Tyrol), AIR (Avellino), Air Pullman Malpensa, Ferrovie Nord Milano Autoservizi and Azienda Trasporti Milanesi (Milan), CTT Nord, Tiemme Toscana Mobilità and Autolinee Toscane (Tuscany), GTT, Sadem (Turin), Trasporto Unico Abruzzese (Abruzzo), Cotral (Lazio), SAI (Treviglio), ATP Esercizio (Liguria), ARST (Sardinia), Azienda per la Mobilità Integrata (Pesaro), STAV (Vigevano), TPL Linea (Savona), TPL FVG (Udine), CLP (Caserta)
Portugal: TST - Transportes Sul do Tejo SA, operates Crossway City LE and Crossway Line models.
Spain: Intercitybus (Lanzarote)
Germany: OIE AG (Idar-Oberstein)
Sweden: Jönköpings Länstrafik operates 2 Crossways owned by Aneby Buss AB
See also
List of buses
References
External links
Buses
Crossway
Buses of the Czech Republic
Vehicles introduced in 2006
Aiono Fina'i Tile Gafa (born ~1961) is a Samoan politician. He is a member of the Human Rights Protection Party.
Aiono was educated at Fasito'o-uta Primary School and Leulumoega Fou College. He lived in New Zealand and Australia, then returned to Samoa in the 1980s, where he worked for the Peace Corps.
He was first elected to the Legislative Assembly of Samoa in the 2004 A'ana Alofi No 1 By-election. He was re-elected at the 2006 election. He lost his seat at the 2011 election. He stood unsuccessfully at the 2016 election, after which he lodged an electoral petition alleging corruption and bribery against Speaker of the House Leaupepe Toleafoa Faafisi. The petition was later withdrawn. He unsuccessfully contested the 2021 election.
He was re-elected to Parliament in the 2021 Samoan by-elections, winning by just 19 votes.
References
Living people
1961 births
People from A'ana
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Samoa
Human Rights Protection Party politicians
Victory (stylized in capital letters) is the eleventh live album by California-based worship collective Bethel Music, and their sixteenth full-length release overall. The album was released on through the collective's imprint label, Bethel Music, on January 25, 2019. The album is inspired by the biblical account of King Jehoshaphat's victory over the Moabite alliance in war by sending out a group of worshipers as a vanguard for his army. The featured worship leaders on the album are Josh Baldwin, Cory Asbury, Jonathan David & Melissa Helser, Bethany Wohrle, Sean Feucht, Emmy Rose, Brian Johnson, Jenn Johnson, Kalley Heiligenthal, Paul McClure, Hannah McClure and Hunter G K Thompson with Molly Skaggs, Daniel Bashta and Harvest as guests. Ed Cash handled the production of the album.
The album was preceded by the release of "Stand in Your Love" as a single on August 10, 2018. Following the album's release, "Raise a Hallelujah" became the second single with its release on March 8, 2019. To promote the album, the collective is embarking on the Victory Tour, which began on February 4, 2019, at The Fillmore in Miami, Florida, and is set to conclude on October 16, 2019, at the Ovens Auditorium in Charlotte, North Carolina. "Goodness of God" became the third single from the album on November 1, 2019.
Garnering critical acclaim for its production and the variety of musical genres, the album also became a commercial success with debuts on mainstream charts in the United States, Australia, Canada, the Netherlands, Scotland and Switzerland, with the album concurrently appearing at No. 2 and No. 1 on the American and British Christian charts respectively.
Background
Victory marks Bethel Music first collection of new songs in two years, that is, since the release of Starlight in April 2017. The album was written, recorded and produced in 2018, which proved to be an tumultuous year for the Bethel Church community, as Jaxon Taylor (son of Bethel Music CEO Joel Taylor) was in a life-threatening health situation having contracted Hemolytic-uremic syndrome, and the near-month-long devastating Carr Fire, a wildfire which had made its way to Redding.
The album was inspired by the biblical account of King Jehoshaphat's war with the Moabite alliance, recorded in 2 Chronicles 20:1-30. The alliance, which consisted of the kingdoms of Moab, Ammon and some of the Meunites), waged war against the Kingdom of Judah, which was under Jehoshaphat's reign. Jehoshaphat decided to inquire from God and proclaimed a fast in his kingdom and reassurance from Jahaziel, who delivered a prophetic word that God would fight their battles. Having consulted some people, Jehoshaphat appointed men to go, praising God, at the head of the army, and God delivered the victory to Judah.
Music and lyrics
The album, like previous Bethel Music releases, is primarily a contemporary worship album, which contains various genres such acoustic, Americana, country, and folk music. The sound on the album has drawn comparisons to Rend Collective, especially on songs such as "Drenched in Love", "Stand in Your Love", and "There Is a Name". Lyrically, the album explores the theme of triumph and faithfulness.
Artwork
Stephen James Hart, the art director and visual worship leader for Bethel Music, shared on his blog the story of the album artwork for Victory. The artwork is a literal representation of the stories of the songs on the album being captured in the "ideal newspaper"; each issue detailing the stories of God and his goodness through the stories, testimonies, lyrics and photos.
Release and promotion
On December 10, 2018, Hallels reported that Bethel Music would be releasing Victory on January 25, 2019. On January 4, 2019, Bethel Music commenced the album pre-order for Victory, availing "Raise a Hallelujah", "Goodness of God", "Ain't No Grave" and "Victory Is Yours" as promotional singles that were available for digital download and streaming. Bethel Music then released the live music videos of the songs in their respective order, recorded at Bethel Church, on the four days that followed the pre-order, releasing each song per day. The complete album was released on January 25, 2019.
Singles
Fox News first reported in an article that "Stand in Your Love" will be released by Josh Baldwin in July 2018. On 19 July 2018, Bethel Music then released the live music video of the song, recorded Heaven Come Conference 2018, on YouTube. Bethel Music then released a studio rendition of "Stand in Your Love" on August 10, 2018.
On March 8, 2019, "Raise a Hallelujah" was released as the album's second single.
On November 1, 2019, "Goodness of God" was released digitally as the album's third single.
Tour
In October 2018, Bethel Music announced on Twitter that they would be headlining the Victory Tour in 2019, with three tour legs in February, April and October. It was later revealed that Tasha Cobbs Leonard and Housefires would also be joining the collective on the Victory Tour. The tour began on February 4, 2019, with a sold-out show at The Fillmore in Miami, Florida, less than two weeks after the album was released. Bethel Music indicated on the tour's webpage that Phil Wickham will join the October leg of the tour. The tour set to end on October 16, 2019, at the Ovens Auditorium in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Reception
Critical response
Victory was critically acclaimed upon its release, notably for the diversity in style, lyrical content and production. James Christopher Monger of AllMusic described the album as "a galvanizing set of songs," and that it features "stirring pieces." Jonathan Andre opined in his 365 Days of Inspiring Media review that Bethel Music "are a force in the worship music industry to be reckoned with, and Victory continues with that assertion." CCM Magazine's Andrew Greenlagh said that Victory was "worship music at its finest" and that it is one of Bethel's strongest releases to date. Jono Davies, reviewing for Louder Than the Music, also echoed the sentiment that Victory is a strong album. In a positive review for Eden.co.uk, Laura White noted that the album is "hope-filled and faith-empowering but it's authentic praise."
Rating the album nine out of ten squares for in a positive review for Cross Rhythms, Tony Cummings said the commented that "Like King Jehosophat, they have seized a victory by sending worshippers to the front line of battle." Timothy Yap, bestowing the album a four-out-of-five score in a Hallels Review, complimented that the sound is "impeccable," but complained that the songs "can also be a tad formulaic." In a favorable review by Luchae William of Gateway News, having "thoroughly enjoyed" the album, commended its musical production, and said it was "one of the better Bethel worship releases that has crossed my desk in a while." Jasmin Patterson praised the album in a NewReleaseToday review, concluding that "is a collection of songs that will bring you into an encounter with God, empower you to sing His promises over your circumstances, and give you a variety of musical styles to enjoy while you do it."
Accolades
Commercial performance
In the United States, Victory launched at No. 2 on the U.S. Billboard Christian Albums chart dated February 9, 2019.
The album was also landed at No. 2 on the Independent Albums chart, registered as the fourth best-selling digital album, and debuted on the mainstream Billboard 200 chart at No. 56 that same week, as well as the Canadian Albums Chart at No. 77.
Victory charted at No. 23 on the ARIA Top 100 Albums Chart in Australia. The album also launched in the Netherlands on the Album Top 100 at No. 162. In the United Kingdom, it launched at No. 1 on the Official Christian & Gospel Albums Chart published by the Official Charts Company, while registering on the Official Scottish Albums at No. 41. In Switzerland, Victory made its debut at No. 19 on the Swiss Hitparade Albums Chart.
Track listing
Sample credits
"Ain't No Grave" contains an interpolation of the song, "Ain't No Grave" written by Claude Ely.
"Drenched in Love" contains an interpolation of the traditional hymn, "Nothing But the Blood".
Personnel
Adapted from AllMusic.
Eric Allen – artist direction, director
Jacob Arnold – drums
Cory Asbury – vocals
Josh Baldwin – vocals
Daniel Bashta – vocals
Andrew Bergthold – background vocals, keyboards, pre-production, programming
Jordan Borgart – creative director
Kyle Briskin – background vocals
Robby Busick – production manager
Ed Cash – acoustic guitar, background vocals, electric guitar, keyboards, mandolin, mixing, producer, programming
Franni Cash – background vocals
Martin Cash – background vocals, drum programming, percussion
Scott Cash – acoustic guitar, background vocals, electric guitar
Chris Estes – director
Alton Eugene – choir/chorus
Sean Feucht – vocals
Samantha Fischer – choir/chorus
John-Paul Gentile – baritone, drum programming, hammer dulcimer, hi string guitar, percussion
Maria Githuku – choir/chorus
Rachel Soh – photography
Jordana Griffith – photography
Stephen James Hart – art direction and design
Kalley Heiligenthal – vocals
Jonathan David Helser – vocals
Melissa Helser – vocals
Luke Hendrickson – keyboards, programming
David Hislop – electric guitar
Jenny Hislop – production manager
Ryan Huntington – editing
Brian Johnson – executive producer, vocals
Jenn Johnson – executive producer, vocals
Joe LaPorta – mastering
Jonathan Lee – electric guitar
Ebonee Marrow – choir/chorus
Hannah McClure – vocals
Paul McClure – vocals
Mat Ogden – bass guitar
Michael Pope – electric guitar
Edward Rivera – choir/chorus
Emmy Rose – vocals
Justin Schipper – steel guitar
Molly Skaggs – vocals
Rachel Soh – photography
Nick Stailey – keyboards, programming
Kelcey Swanstrum – choir/chorus
Joel Taylor – executive producer
Hunter Thompson – vocals
David Whitworth – drums
Bethany Wohrle – vocals
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
References
External links
on PraiseCharts
2019 live albums
Bethel Music albums
Summer Spectacular (1993) was the second Summer Spectacular professional wrestling event produced by Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling (FMW). The event took place on August 22, 1993 at the Hankyu Nishinomiya Stadium in Nishinomiya, Hyōgo, Japan.
Thirteen matches were contested at the event. In the main event, Atsushi Onita defeated Mr. Pogo in a no ropes exploding barbed wire time bomb cage deathmatch to win the new FMW Brass Knuckles Heavyweight Championship, which replaced the WWA World Martial Arts Heavyweight Championship.
Background
Mr. Pogo left W*ING as FMW had offered him an annual salary of $120,000, and he returned to FMW in June 1993 by attacking Atsushi Onita after a match and then quickly escaped in a car. The two men renewed their rivalry and Pogo joined Team Canada. On July 16, Pogo made his in-ring return to FMW with Big Titan and The Gladiator against Onita, Sambo Asako and Tarzan Goto in a street fight, which Pogo's team won. Onita defeated Pogo in a no ropes exploding barbed wire double hell deathmatch on July 24, which was the first singles encounter between the two since 1991 and a rematch was set up between the two at Summer Spectacular. Onita vacated his WWA World Martial Arts Heavyweight Championship as FMW's martial arts style had ended and FMW completely shifted to deathmatch wrestling style. Martial arts was limited only to kickboxer Katsuji Ueda's exhibition matches. The title was replaced by the FMW Brass Knuckles Heavyweight Championship, which would represent FMW's deathmatch competition and the title would be decided in Onita and Pogo's match. Onita combined his barbed wire cage match against Tarzan Goto from the 2nd Anniversary Show and the exploding ring time bomb stipulation against Terry Funk from the 4th Anniversary Show to make the first-ever no ropes exploding ring barbed wire time bomb cage deathmatch against Pogo at Summer Spectacular.
Event
Preliminary matches
In the opening match, Masato Tanaka defeated the aging 60-year old Mr. Chin with a cradle.
Koji Nakagawa took on Chiaki Matsuyama in a very quick match which ended when Nakagawa applied a half Boston crab on Matsuyama for the submission victory.
The team of Kumiko Matsuda, Keiko Iwami and Nurse Nakamura took on Mad Dog Military (Combat Toyoda, Shark Tsuchiya and Crusher Maedomari). After a lengthy match, Toyoda pinned Matsuda to win the match.
Little Frankie defeated Tomeko Tsunokake in a short match.
Ricky Fuji took on Mercenario in a match, which Fuji won by performing a diving headbutt.
Yasha Kurenai took on Yukie Nabeno, winning the match with a Chokeslam.
The team of Terry Boy and Atsushi Onita, Jr. took on The Cockroaches (#1 and #2) in a tag team action. Onita performed a hurricanrana on Cockroach #2 to win.
Megumi Kudo and Miwa Sato took on All Japan Women's Pro Wrestling's (AJW) Jungle Jack members Aja Kong and Kaoru Ito. Kong initially overpowered Kudo and almost knocked her out but Kudo managed to get up at the referee's count of 9 and then performed a Kudo Driver to win the match for FMW.
The Great Sasuke, Battle Ranger Z and TAKA Michinoku defeated Jinsei Shinzaki, Super Delfin and Gran Naniwa when Ranger performed a dragon suplex on Naniwa.
The team of Sambo Asako and Mr. Gannosuke took on Team Canada's Big Titan and The Gladiator. Both teams brawled all over the stadium and then continued to fight over a scaffold. Gannosuke pinned Gladiator with a Gannosuke Clutch.
Leon Spinks took on kickboxer Katsuji Ueda in a different style fight. After a back and forth contest, Ueda knocked out Spinks in the third round.
The Sheik and Sabu took on Terry Funk and Tarzan Goto. Near the end of the match, Funk performed a Piledriver to Sabu on a steel chair to knock Sabu out and get the win.
Main event match
Atsushi Onita took on Mr. Pogo in the first-ever no ropes exploding barbed wire time bomb cage deathmatch for the new FMW Brass Knuckles Heavyweight Championship. Pogo controlled the earlier part of the match by tossing Onita into the exploding cage and then carved his back with his sickle. Pogo attempted to throw a fireball into Onita but Onita moved out of it and the fire struck Pogo and then Onita tried to throw Pogo into the exploding cage but Pogo grabbed the referee Go Ito and both men fell into the cage and were knocked out with the explosions. Onita capitalized by performing two DDTs but Pogo still kicked out of the pinfall attempt and then Onita delivered a third DDT to win the title. After the match, the clock ticked and the ring exploded with Onita putting himself over Ito to protect Ito from getting blowed.
Reception
Summer Spectacular was a huge success as the event drew a crowd of 36,223, breaking the highest attendance record of Osaka. The event earned the company a revenue of $1,600,000.
Aftermath
Atsushi Onita and Mr. Pogo continued their feud after Summer Spectacular. Pogo gained more allies as Mitsuhiro Matsunaga and Hideki Hosaka left W*ING to join FMW and Hisakatsu Oya from Super World of Sports (SWS) also joined FMW as Pogo's ally. Onita defended the FMW Brass Knuckles Heavyweight Championship against Matsunaga in a No Ropes Exploding Barbed Wire Deathmatch at Year End Spectacular, with Onita retaining the title and then both men made peace with each other. Pogo ultimately defeated Onita to win the title on January 6, 1994.
Results
References
1993 in professional wrestling
1993
1993 in Japan
August 1993 events in Asia
Hazara Public School and College (HPSC) is a school and college for boys and girls in Changa Manga, Punjab, Pakistan. Federal Ministry of Education, Pakistan has declared the school as the Best Primary School Lahore Division.
Education
Hazara Public School and College is a private institution, affiliated with the Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Lahore. Considered to be an English Medium School, the bulk of the curriculum is taught in English. However, as the national language of Pakistan is Urdu and the country's laws are based on humanity, rule of law, equality, harmony among religions, Urdu literature, grammar, Human Rights and Environment are also part of the teaching.
History
The Hazara Public School & College was set up in 1985 by Shamim Akhtar and Manzoor Ahmad Khan in a two-room building. Soon because of exceptional educational results and meritorious scholarships won by the school students, Government of Pakistan and the Federal Ministry of Education honored the school by giving it an "Award for Performance".
There are 3000 students enrolled on a campus consisting of 65 rooms and a play ground. The school was upgraded to college level in 2008. The project is managed by Hazara Public School & College.
Curriculum
The curriculum does not change from 8th Grade (8th Class) onward until the SSC (Secondary School Examination) and HSSC (Higher Secondary School Examination) exams are taken and the student has graduated.
The curriculum includes Arabic, Art, Biology Theory and Lab, Chemistry Theory and Lab, Computer Science, English Grammar, English Literature, Humanity, Mathematics, Pakistan Studies, Physical Education,
Physics Theory and Lab, Social Studies, Urdu Grammar and Urdu Literature.
References
External links
Official Facebook page
Schools in Punjab, Pakistan
1917 in Argentine football saw the two teams from Avellaneda dominate Argentine football. Racing Club won its fifth consecutive league title and two domestic cups, while Independiente won the Copa de Competencia Jockey Club.
In international football Argentina won three minor tournaments but finished as runners-up to Uruguay in Copa América for the second time.
Primera División
Sportivo Barracas made its debut in Primera División, while Gimnasia y Esgrima (BA) and Banfield were relegated at the end of the season.
Final standings
Lower divisions
Intermedia
Champion: Defensores de Belgrano
Segunda División
Champion: Sportivo Palermo
Tercera División
Champion: San Lorenzo
Domestic cups
Copa de Honor Municipalidad de Buenos Aires
Champion: Racing Club
Final
Copa de Competencia Jockey Club
Champion: Independiente
Final
Copa Ibarguren
Champion: Racing Club
Final
International cups
Tie Cup
Champions: Wandereres
Final
Copa de Honor Cousenier
Champions: Nacional
Final
Copa Dr. Ricardo C. Aldao
Champions: Racing Club
Final
Replay
Argentina national team
Copa América
Argentina travelled to Uruguay to participate in the 2nd edition of Copa América. For the second time they finished in second place behind Uruguay.
Titles
Copa Círculo de la Prensa 1917
Copa Lipton 1917
Copa Premier Honor Uruguayo 1917
Results
Notes
References
Seasons in Argentine football
The Australian Interstate Teams Matches is a mixed gender amateur team golf competition between the states of Australia. Planned in 2020, it was not held until 2022 because of the COVID-19 pandemic. It replaced the earlier separate men's and women's events which were last held in 2019.
Victoria won the 2022 event, beating South Australia in the final at Sorrento Golf Club.
Format
The event is contested by the six states of Australia. The format is a round-robin tournament, each team playing the other five teams, after which the top two teams play a final.
Each team consists of eight players, four men and four women. There are eight singles in each match, men playing men and women playing women, all contests being over 18 holes. Extra holes are not played. Final positions after the round-robin are decided firstly by the number of team points. Each team get half a point in a tied team match. Where teams are level on team points, the order is decided on individual matches won. The leading two teams after the round-robin contest a final, to determine the winner of the event.
Results
RR– Team's score in the round-robin stage. Positions were determined by the number of team points and where that is equal by the number of individual match points.
Appearances
The following players competed in 2022:
New South Wales: Kelsey Bennett, Harry Bolton, Harrison Crowe, Chris Fan, Belinda Ji, Brielle Mapanao, Hayley McNeill, Jye Pickin
Queensland: Justice Bosio, Quinnton Croker, Tyler Duncan, Rhianna Lewis, Blaike Perkins, Hannah Reeves, Sam Slater, Sarah Wilson
South Australia: Jack Buchanan, Billy Cawthorne, Raegan Denton, Kyle Hayter, Matilda Miels, Charlie Nobbs, Caitlin Peirce, Amelia Whinney
Tasmania: Jorjah Bailey, Joey Bower, Ronan Filgate, Hunter Gillard, Sarah Johnstone, Hallie Meaburn, Mark Schulze, Mackenzie Wilson
Victoria: Phoenix Campbell, Amelia Harris, Andre Lautee, Keeley Marx, Kono Matsumoto, Molly McLean, Jasper Stubbs, Toby Walker
Western Australia: Celine Chen, Sheridan Clancy, Connor Fewkes, Joshua Greer, Hayden Hopewell, Connor McKinney, Amie Phobubpa, Kirsten Rudgeley
References
Team golf tournaments
Amateur golf tournaments in Australia
Recurring sporting events established in 2020
2020 establishments in Australia
'''Tuni railway station may refer to:
Tuni railway station, Adelaide, a closed station on the former Willunga railway line
Tuni railway station, Andhra Pradesh serves the town of Tuni on the Howrah–Chennai main line
Landshut is a city in Bavaria, Germany.
Landshut may also refer to:
Battle of Landshut (1809), during the Napoleonic Wars
Landshut (district), a district neighboring the aforementioned city
Landshut (Lufthansa Flight 181), a plane hijacked by the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine in 1977
Landshuter Hochzeit (Wedding of Landshut), a medieval pageant
Landshut, Switzerland, a former municipality and district in the Canton of Bern, Switzerland. Now part of Utzenstorf
Landshut Castle, Switzerland, a castle in Utzenstorf, Switzerland
Landshut Castle, Germany, a ruin above the town of Bernkastel-Kues
Lanžhot, a town in South Moravia, Czech Republic
Landshut Bridge in Elgin, Scotland
See also
Landshuth (old spelling)
Star Quest was Dean R. Koontz's first novel. Originally published in 1968, by Ace Books, Inc. This book was 127 pages and was published as an Ace Double (two novels in one volume) paperback together with Doom of the Green Planet by Emil Petaja and was priced at $0.60. Koontz was 23 years old at the time of publication.
Plot
"In a universe that had been ravaged by a thousand years of interplanetary warfare between the star-shattering Romaghins and the equally voracious Setessins, there seemed now but one thing that might bring the destruction to an end. That would be the right catalyst in the hands of the right people. The right catalyst could well be the individualist rebel, Tohm... he who had once been a simple peasant and who had been forcibly changed into a fearfully armored instrument of mechanical warfare—the man-tank Jumbo Ten. But the right people? Could they possibly be the hated driftwood of biological warfare—those monsters of a cosmic no-man's land—the Muties?"
References
Novels by Dean Koontz
1968 American novels
American science fiction novels
1968 science fiction novels
Ace Books books
1968 debut novels
James Dow Constantine (born November 15, 1961) is an American politician, lawyer, and urban planner in the state of Washington who is serving his third term as King County Executive, an office he has held since November 2009. He was in the state legislature and on the King County Council, chairing the latter before his election as Executive. Constantine is a self-identified Democrat, though the executive's office is officially nonpartisan. He considered running for Governor of Washington in the 2020 election but decided against it when incumbent Jay Inslee decided to seek a third term.
Early life and education
The son of John and Lois Constantine, he was born and raised in West Seattle. In 1980, he graduated from West Seattle High School, where he was student body president and an Eagle Scout. He attended the University of Washington (UW), receiving a Bachelor of Arts in political science and graduated as a member of the Phi Kappa Sigma fraternity. Constantine also served an internship with Washington's 34th Legislative District representative Phil Talmadge. While attending law school, Constantine worked as a disk jockey for the college radio station KCMU. In 1989, Constantine earned a J.D. degree from the University of Washington School of Law. Constantine later returned to obtain a Master's degree in urban planning from UW in 1992.
Career
Constantine opened a private law practice in 1990. He served as chair of the 34th District Democrats organization and worked as an aide for King County Council member Greg Nickels. Constantine was elected to the State House of Representatives in 1996. He won re-election in 1998. In 2001, he became a Washington State Senator. He left the state senate in 2002 after being appointed to the King County Council to replace Nickels, who had been elected Seattle mayor. Constantine was a King County Council member from 2002 to 2009, representing the eighth district, which includes West Seattle, parts of Southeast Seattle, North Highline, Burien, Vashon Island, Maury Island, Normandy Park, and parts of both SeaTac and Tukwila. In 2009, he served as council Chair.
King County Executive
Constantine announced his candidacy for King County Executive on February 16, 2009 to replace Ron Sims who was appointed the United States Deputy Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. In the primary election, Constantine received 22% of the votes to advance to a run off against candidate Susan Hutchison, who received 37%. Described as "perhaps the most contentious race on the November [2009] ballot" by Seattle NPR outlet KPLU, the campaign has been characterized by negative campaigning, including "mudslinging" ads paid for by the candidates' supporters.
Constantine received press attention for stressing the conservative affiliations of Hutchison, pointing to her involvement with the Discovery Institute and contributions to Republican candidates such as President Bush in 2004 and Mike Huckabee in 2008. Hutchison downplayed any perceived partisanship and criticized Constantine as a political insider with close ties to labor unions.
In October 2009, the Washington State Public Disclosure Commission (PDC) investigated allegations that the Constantine's campaign illegally coordinated with an independent campaign on anti-Hutchison ads. The PDC concluded there was no coordination and dismissed the complaint. The PDC also investigated complaints regarding Hutchison's campaign on allegations that campaign contributions exceeded single election limits and that expenditures by the campaign were not properly documented. The PDC imposed a $100 fine against Hutchison for exceeding campaign limits and dismissed the failure-to-report allegations.
Constantine was endorsed by Governor Christine Gregoire, Seattle Mayor Greg Nickels, US Senators Patty Murray and Maria Cantwell, Washington State Senate Majority Leader Lisa Brown as well as state Senators Ed Murray, Ken Jacobsen, Joe McDermott, and Karen Keiser. Organizations that endorsed Constantine included NARAL Pro-Choice Washington, the Sierra Club, the Cascade Bicycle Club, International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers and the UFCW.
On election night, November 3, the initial batch of election results had Constantine winning the election over Hutchison, at that time receiving 57% of the votes to her 43%. He was expected to replace interim Executive Kurt Triplett on November 24 following the certification of election results by the King County Elections' Canvassing Board. Constantine was ultimately declared the winner, and was inaugurated November 24, 2009.
Potential gubernatorial campaign
In early 2019, Constantine was frequently mentioned as a possible candidate for Governor of Washington in the 2020 election. Two-term incumbent Jay Inslee was constitutionally eligible for to run for a third term but had opted to mount a campaign for President of the United States in the 2020 election instead, leaving the Governor's Office open. Several Democrats expressed interest in running should it be an open election but did not want to challenge Inslee should he change his mind. Facing poor polling numbers, Inslee decided to suspend his presidential campaign on August 21 and announced the next day he would indeed seek a third term as governor. Constantine, along with several other potential candidates, released a statement that he would not be running in 2020 and would instead focus on his own 2021 reelection campaign.
Personal life
Constantine married his long-time partner Shirley Carlson in a private ceremony on October 31, 2013. The couple met while working at the University of Washington radio station. They live in North Admiral, Seattle.
References
External links
Official King County homepage
Campaign website
King County Councillors
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
Washington (state) Democrats
Washington (state) state senators
Living people
1961 births
Politicians from Seattle
University of Washington College of Arts and Sciences alumni
University of Washington School of Law alumni
West Seattle High School alumni
Social Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering research in social psychology. It focuses on empirical contributions to the field.
History
Social Psychology was established in 1970 as the Zeitschrift für Sozialpsychologie by Hubert Feger, Carl Friedrich Graumann, Klaus Holzkamp, and Martin Irle. Its publishing language was German, and the journal was published by Verlag Hans Huber (Bern, Switzerland). In the second half of the 1980s, the founding editors were successively replaced and terms have since been limited to about four years. In the year 2000, the journal adopted English as a second publishing language, which became the sole publishing language in 2008 when the journal moved to Hogrefe Publishing and its title was changed to Social Psychology. Previous editors-in-chief include Gerd Bohner (Bielefeld University), Hans-Peter Erb (Helmut Schmidt University), and Christian Unkelbach (University of Cologne). Since spring 2016, Kai Epstude (University of Groningen) is the editor-in chief.
References
External links
Social psychology journals
Publications established in 1970
Bimonthly journals
English-language journals
Hogrefe Publishing academic journals
William Neil Rowe (1867 – 2 May 1916) was a member of the Royal Irish Constabulary (RIC), fatally shot during a police raid on the home of the Kent family at Castlelyons, County Cork.
Death
The event took place in the immediate aftermath of the Easter Rising, when the Authorities began to arrest Republican sympathisers. As the raid unfolded, the Kent brothers refused to be taken into custody, a firefight occurred which resulted in the death of Rowe and also the fatal wounding of Richard Kent as he attempted to flee.
Aftermath
Rowe is buried at the Church of Ireland graveyard at Castlehyde, Fermoy, he left behind a widow and five children under the age of sixteen. Thomas and William Kent were tried by court martial on the charge of his murder. William was acquitted, but Thomas was sentenced to death and executed by firing squad at Cork on 9 May 1916. In 2015 he was given a state funeral.
Sources
Hart, Peter; The IRA and its Enemies: Violence and Community in Cork, 1916–1923, Oxford University Press (1998). (Pages 48–49)
Kiberd, Declan (editor), 1916 Rebellion Handbook Dublin: Mourne River Press, 1998.
1867 births
1916 deaths
Irish Anglicans
Royal Irish Constabulary officers
People from County Wexford
Deaths by firearm in Ireland
Do Dehak Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,332, in 925 families. The rural district has 11 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Markazi Province
Delijan County
Ünalan is an underground station on the M4 line of the Istanbul Metro. Located beneath the Uzunçayır Interchange in the Hasanpaşa neighborhood of Kadıköy, Istanbul, it was opened on 17 August 2012 along with the. Connection to the Istanbul Metrobus is available from Ünalan.
Station Layout
References
Railway stations opened in 2012
Istanbul metro stations
Transport in Kadıköy
2012 establishments in Turkey
Dwayne Irving Sabb (born October 9, 1969) is a former American football linebacker and fullback in the National Football League, the XFL and the Arena Football League.
Early life
Sabb was born October 9, 1969 in Jersey City, New Jersey. Sabb graduated from Hudson Catholic Regional High School in Jersey City, New Jersey before attending the University of New Hampshire.
Career
After graduating from UNH, he was selected in the 5th round (116th overall) in the 1992 NFL Draft by the New England Patriots. A member of the Patriots from 1992–1996, Sabb appeared in Super Bowl XXXI, a Patriots loss to the Green Bay Packers. Following Sabb's NFL career, he played in various other leagues including the XFL (2001 with New York/New Jersey Hitmen) and the Arena Football League. With the Hitmen, Sabb was amongst the XFL leaders in sacks. In the AFL, Sabb spent 2001-02 with the New Jersey Gladiators, 2003 with the Buffalo Destroyers and 2004 -2005 with the expansion Philadelphia Soul.
References
1969 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Union City, New Jersey
Players of American football from New Jersey
American football linebackers
American football fullbacks
New Hampshire Wildcats football players
New England Patriots players
New York/New Jersey Hitmen players
New Jersey Gladiators players
Buffalo Destroyers players
Philadelphia Soul players
Francis Barrow Pearce (16 September 1866 – 11 June 1926) was a British imperial administrator and author.
He was acting Commissioner of Nyasaland (now Malawi) from 1 April 1907 to September 1907 and acting Governor of Nyasaland from 1 April 1910 to 4 July 1910. In 1914, he became British Resident in Zanzibar, working alongside the protectorate's High Commissioner Henry Conway Belfield.
In 1920, his Zanzibar: the Island Metropolis of Eastern Africa was published in Great Britain by T. F. Unwin.
Bibliography
Zanzibar: the Island Metropolis of Eastern Africa (1920)
Rambles in Lion Land: Three Months' Leave Passed in Somaliland
Papers
Le bassin de la haute Wichéra with Louis Duparc and Margarita N. Tikhonovich in Volume 3 of Recherches géologiques et pétrologiques sur l'Oural du nord (1909)
References
Governors of Nyasaland
1866 births
1926 deaths
People from Marylebone
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
In mathematics, a Hadamard manifold, named after Jacques Hadamard — more often called a Cartan–Hadamard manifold, after Élie Cartan — is a Riemannian manifold that is complete and simply connected and has everywhere non-positive sectional curvature. By Cartan–Hadamard theorem all Cartan–Hadamard manifold are diffeomorphic to the Euclidean space Furthermore it follows from the Hopf–Rinow theorem that every pair of points in a Cartan–Hadamard manifold may be connected by a unique geodesic segment. Thus Cartan–Hadamard manifolds are some of the closest relatives of
Examples
The Euclidean space with its usual metric is a Cartan-Hadamard manifold with constant sectional curvature equal to
Standard -dimensional hyperbolic space is a Cartan-Hadamard manifold with constant sectional curvature equal to
Properties
In Cartan-Hadamard manifolds, the map is a covering map for all
See also
References
Riemannian manifolds
Sagadahoc County ( ) is a county located in the U.S. state of Maine. As of the 2020 census, the population was 36,699. Its county seat is Bath. In geographic area, it is the smallest county in Maine.
Sagadahoc County is part of the Portland–South Portland, ME Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Exploration and settlement
Sagadahoc County was initially part of York and, later, Lincoln County before being set off and incorporated in 1854. The name comes from the "Sagadahoc River", an early name for the Kennebec River. Samuel de Champlain led the first known visit of Europeans to the region. In 1607, the English Popham Colony was established in what is now Phippsburg; it was abandoned a year later, but English fishermen and trappers continued to visit the area. John Smith explored the region in 1614 and reported back to King Charles I, who named the Sagadahoc area "Leethe."
When the Plymouth Council for New England was dissolved in 1635, on the east side of the Kennebec River were divided up and granted to private owners. Over the years, these proprietors extended their claims through additional land grants, purchases from Native Americans, and exploitation of the often poorly defined boundaries of their lands. By 1660, Englishmen held the titles to the whole of what is now Sagadahoc County.
When King Philip's War broke out in 1675, the plundering of one house was the only hostile act in Sagadahoc County until August, 1676, at which point three settlements were attacked and 53 people taken captive by Native Americans. The region was almost totally abandoned by settlers, and no permanent settlement was established until 1715, when Arrowsic and Brunswick were founded. Scotch-Irish Presbyterians began immigrating to the region in increasingly large numbers, though occasional violence persisted until 1759, when the French and Indian Wars ended in Maine.
Later conflicts
There were no significant conflicts in Sagadahoc during the American Revolutionary War, despite fear of attack from British cruisers. Two British armed vessels sailed up the Kennebec River toward Bath, but turned back after being attacked. In the War of 1812, the capture of HMS Boxer occurred nearby. During the Civil War the county furnished to the Union forces 2,488 men.
Nineteenth century
Steam power was first used on the Kennebec as early as 1818 for propelling boats. What became the Bath branch of the Maine Central Railroad was completed in 1849; and the Knox and Lincoln Railroad was opened in 1871. The first newspaper was published in the county in 1820.
Sagadahoc County was set off from Lincoln and incorporated in 1854, with Bath as the county seat. Its valuation in 1870 was $11,041,340. In 1880 it was $10,297,215. The polls in 1870 numbered 4,669, and in 1880, 5,182. The population in 1870 was 18,803. In 1880 it was 19,276.
From 1880 to 2000, the county's population nearly doubled to 35,214.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (31%) is water. It is the smallest county in Maine by area.
Adjacent counties
Kennebec County – north
Lincoln County – east
Cumberland County – west
Androscoggin County – northwest
National protected area
Pond Island National Wildlife Refuge
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 35,214 people, 14,117 households, and 9,641 families living in the county. The population density was 139 people per square mile (54/km2). There were 16,489 housing units at an average density of 65 per square mile (25/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.49% White, 0.92% Black or African American, 0.31% Native American, 0.63% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 0.38% from other races, and 1.21% from two or more races. 1.11% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 14,117 households, out of which 33.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.60% were married couples living together, 9.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.70% were non-families. 25.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.96.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.80% under the age of 18, 6.60% from 18 to 24, 30.50% from 25 to 44, 24.90% from 45 to 64, and 12.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $41,908, and the median income for a family was $49,714. Males had a median income of $34,039 versus $24,689 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,378. About 6.90% of families and 8.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.20% of those under age 18 and 6.40% of those age 65 or over.
22.0% were of English, 11.6% Irish, 11.1% French, 10.6% United States or American, 8.0% French Canadian and 7.3% German ancestry according to Census 2000. 96.1% spoke English and 2.2% French as their first language.
According to the Maine Center for Disease Control and Prevention, Sagadahoc County has the lowest rate of immunization of two-year-olds in the state, at 26%, only a third of the statewide average of 75% and more than 30% lower than the next lowest county in the state.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States census, there were 35,293 people, 15,088 households, and 9,869 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 18,288 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.2% white, 0.8% Asian, 0.7% black or African American, 0.4% American Indian, 0.3% from other races, and 1.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 26.9% were English, 16.8% were Irish, 11.8% were German, 8.1% were French Canadian, 6.6% were Italian, 6.5% were Scottish, and 6.4% were American.
Of the 15,088 households, 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.2% were married couples living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 34.6% were non-families, and 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.81. The median age was 44.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $55,486 and the median income for a family was $66,650. Males had a median income of $46,068 versus $35,107 for females. The per capita income for the county was $26,983. About 5.7% of families and 8.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.0% of those under age 18 and 7.4% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
State senators representing Sagadahoc County
Senator Pamela Cahill, R-Woolwich, 1986–1994
Pamela Cahill was elected to the Maine Senate following three terms in the Maine House of Representatives. She served in leadership positions, both as Assistant Minority Leader and Minority Leader. She ran unsuccessfully for the Republican nomination for governor in the Maine gubernatorial election, 1994. She was twice elected Assistant Secretary of the Maine Senate, in both 1994 and 2000. She also served as Chairwoman of the Maine Republican Party.
Senator Mary Small, R-Bath, 1994–2002
Mary Small was elected to the Maine Senate in 1994 with over 55% of the vote. In the three succeeding elections Small was easily reelected, receiving over 60% in each election. She had previously served in the Maine House of Representatives, representing her hometown of Bath. In her final term, Small served as Republican floor leader in an equally divided senate.
Senator Arthur Mayo III, R/D-Bath, 2002–2006
Republican Arthur Mayo was elected to the Maine Senate in 2002, succeeding Mary Small. He was reelected in 2004. Following the election, Mayo changed his party registration, becoming a Democrat and joining the Democrat Caucus. He became the first Democrat to represent Sagadahoc County in the state senate in over two decades. In 2006, he was defeated by a political newcomer and small business owner, Paula Benoit.
Senator Paula Benoit, R-Phippsburg, 2006–2008
Paula Benoit was elected to the Maine Senate in 2006, besting incumbent senator Arthur Mayo. Mayo's change in registration was a major issue in the campaign. As senator, Benoit worked on a variety of issues, most notably the rights of the adopted. She was nationally recognized for her work. In 2008, she faced a strong challenge from Richmond selectman Seth Goodall. Following her senate service, Benoit went on to serve as executive director of AdopteeCARE. She also served as director of the Blaine House. In 2013, following Goodall's resignation, Benoit sought her former senate seat.
Senator Seth Goodall, D-Richmond, 2008–2013
Seth Goodall was elected to the Maine Senate in 2008, narrowly besting Paula Benoit by a margin of 162 votes. He was reelected in 2010, and again in 2012. Following the 2012 elections, he served as State Senate Majority Leader. He resigned in 2013 to become the regional administrator of the Small Business Administration.
Senator Eloise Vitelli, D-Arrowsic, 2013–2014
Eloise Vitelli was elected to the Maine Senate in the special election to replace Senator Goodall. She previously served as chairwoman of the Sagadahoc County Democrats.
Senator Linda Baker, R-Topsham, 2014–2017
Linda Baker was elected to the Maine Senate in 2014, defeating the incumbent state senator Eloise Vitelli and former Richmond selectwoman Alice Knapp. She previously served as chairwoman of the Maine Legislature's Joint Standing Committee on Marine Resources.
Senator Eloise Vitelli, D-Arrowsic, 2017–Present
Eloise Vitelli was elected again as Democratic State Senator in Maine's 23rd District in November 2016 and again in November 2020. Eloise Vitelli was chosen to be the Assistant Majority Leader in December 2020.
Voter Registration
Presidential election results
|}
Communities
City
Bath (county seat)
Towns
Arrowsic
Bowdoin
Bowdoinham
Georgetown
Phippsburg
Richmond
Topsham
West Bath
Woolwich
Unorganized territory
Perkins Township (Swan Island)
Census-designated places
Bowdoinham
Richmond
Topsham
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Sagadahoc County, Maine
References
External links
Sagadahoc County government
Maine Genealogy: Sagadahoc County, Maine
Maine counties
Maine placenames of Native American origin
1854 establishments in Maine
Portland metropolitan area, Maine
Populated places established in 1854
Kelly Browne is an American ice hockey forward, currently playing for the Boston College Eagles in the NCAA.
Career
During high school, she first played for Burlington High School, before joining Tabor Academy, serving as the team's captain in her senior year. She picked up a number of awards in 2018, including being named NEPSAC Division I Player of the Year, the Boston Bruins' John Carlton Memorial Trophy, and Independent School League MVP.
She joined Boston College in 2018, playing for the university's women's hockey programme. She notched 26 points in 39 games in her rookie collegiate year, being named to the Hockey East All-Rookie Team. In late-October 2019, she scored her first collegiate hat trick, notching four goals in a 5–2 victory over the New Hampshire Wildcats, the 11th four-goal game in Boston College history. That year, she improved her point production to 36 points in 36 games. She was named a junior captain for the team for the 2020–21 season, and was named Hockey East Player of the Week in the first week of December 2020.
International career
In 2016 and 2017, Browne attended both the American Girls Select U18 Player Development Camp and USA Hockey Women's National Festival each year. She then represented the United States at the 2018, picking up two points in five games as the country won gold.
She was called up to the senior American national team in February 2020, to make her senior debut in the 2019-20 Rivalry Series against Canada.
Personal life
Browne is enrolled at the Carroll School of Management at Boston College.
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
American women's ice hockey forwards
Boston College Eagles women's ice hockey players
Ice hockey players from Massachusetts
People from Burlington, Massachusetts
Sportspeople from Middlesex County, Massachusetts
Sissa may refer to:
People
Giulia Sissa (born 1954), Italian classical scholar and historian of philosophy
Sissa ibn Dahir, mythical brahmin
Places
Sissa (Sissa Trecasali), Parma, Emilia-Romagna, Italy
Sissa River, Flores, East Nusa Tenggara, Indonesia
Sissa Trecasali, Parma, Emilia-Romagna, Italy
Other
SISSA, also known as International School for Advanced Studies, post-graduate-education and research institute in Trieste, Italy
Kanpur Central - Jammu Tawi Superfast Express is a Superfast Express train of the Indian Railways connecting Kanpur Central in Uttar Pradesh and Jammu Tawi of Jammu and Kashmir. It is currently being operated with 12469/12470 train numbers on twice in a week basis.
Service
The 12469/Kanpur Central - JammuTawi SF Express has an average speed of 55 km/hr and covers 1026 km in 18 hrs 30 mins. 12470/JammuTawi - Kanpur Central SF Express has an average speed of 55 km/hr and covers 1026 km in 18 hrs 30 mins.
Route and halts
The important halts of the train are:
Coach composite
The train has LHB rakes with max speed of 130 kmph. The train consists of 19 coaches :
3 AC III Tier
9 Sleeper Coaches
5 General
2 EOG (Generator Cum Luggage Car)
Traction
Both trains are hauled by a Ludhiana Loco Shed based WAP 4 Electric locomotive from Jammu to Balamau from Balamau a Lucknow Diesel Locomotive Shed based WDM 3A hauls the train up to Kanpur and vice versa.
Direction Reversal
Train Reverses its direction 1 times:
Notes
See also
Kanpur Central railway station
Jammu Tawi railway station
Maur Dhawaj Express
Muri Express
References
External links
12469/Kanpur - JammuTawi (Barfaani) SF Express
12470/JammuTawi - Kanpur (Barfaani) SF Express
Trains from Kanpur
Transport in Jammu
Express trains in India
Rail transport in Uttarakhand
Rail transport in Haryana
Rail transport in Punjab, India
Rail transport in Jammu and Kashmir
Railway services introduced in 2008
Turanana is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in the east Palearctic from Greece to Central Asia.
Species
Turanana anisophthalma (Kollar, [1849]) Kopet-Dagh Mountains, West Pamirs, Iran (Elburs Mountains, Zagros Mountains), Afghanistan (Hindu Kush)
Turanana chitrali Charmeux & Pagès, 2004 Pakistan (Zani Pass)
Turanana cytis (Christoph, 1877)
Turanana dushak Dubatolov, 1989 Kopet-Dagh Mountains
Turanana endymion (Freyer, 1850)
Turanana grumi Forster, 1937 Pamirs, Northeast Hindu Kush
Turanana jurileontyi Shchetkin, 1986 Turkenstansky Mountains
Turanana kugitangi Zhdanko, 1984 Armenia (mountains), Kopet-Dagh Mountains, South Ghissar
Turanana laspura (Evans, 1932) Turkestansky Mountains, Ghissar, Darvaz, Pamirs, Alai, NorthWest Himalaya
Turanana mystica Morgun & Tikhonov, 2010 Daghestan
Turanana panaegides (Staudinger, 1886) Ghissar, West Tian-Shan, Inner Tian-Shan, Alai, Pamirs, Hindu Kush
Turanana taygetica (Rebel, 1902)
References
, 2011: Deux nouveaux Polyommatini du Tadjikistan : Turanana laspura panjensis ssp. nova et Agriades pheretiades ishkashimensis ssp. nova (Lepidoptera : Lycaenidae). Les Lépidoptéristes de France 20 (48): 7-13.
, 2004: A new species of the genus Turanana from Pakistan (Lepidoptera: Lycaenidae). Phegea 32 (2): 63-69. PDF.
, 2005: Revision of the Turanana endymion species-group (Lycaenidae). Nota Lepidopterologica 27 (4): 251—272. Full Article: .
, 2006: Additional revisionary actions and corrections in the Turanana endymion species-group (Lycaenidae). Nota Lepidopterologica 29 (1/2): 17—25. Full Article: .
, 2010: Turanana mystica spec. nov., a new lycaenid from the Great Caucasus. (Lepidoptera: Lycaenidae). Atalanta 41 (3/4): 331-334.
External links
images representing Turanana at Consortium for the Barcode of Life
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by George Thomas Bethune-Baker
The First American Regiment (also known as Harmar's Regiment, The United States Regiment, The Regiment of Infantry, 1st Sub-legion, 1st Regiment of Infantry and 1st Infantry Regiment) was the first peacetime regular army infantry unit authorized by the Continental Congress after the American Revolutionary War. Organized in August 1784, it served primarily on the early American frontier beyond (west of) the Appalachian Mountains. In 1815, following the end of the War of 1812, it was consolidated with several other regiments to form the 3rd Infantry Regiment.
Formation
After the conclusion of the American Revolution in 1783, Congress ordered the Continental Army to disband, and General George Washington resigned his commission as commander-in-chief. A Congressional committee under Alexander Hamilton sought opinions on a permanent armed force. Washington submitted his "Sentiments on a Peace Establishment," which called for only a small force of only 2,631 men regiment to guard the western frontier and the borders with Canada and Spanish Florida. Economic constraints forced the new nation to rely heavily on militia.
While the bulk of the Continental Army was disbanded by the end of 1783, Jackson's Continental Regiment, commanded by Colonel Henry Jackson, and an artillery company under Brevet Major John Doughty remained in service. On June 2, 1784, Congress reissued the disbandment order under the principle that "standing armies in time of peace are inconsistent with the principles of republican government, dangerous to the liberties of a free people, and generally converted into destructive engines for establishing despotism." Jackson's regiment was disbanded later that month, and Doughty's battery was retained at West Point guarding artillery and ammunition.
On June 3, 1784, Congress passed a new resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary at War take order for forming the said troops when assembled, into one regiment, to consist of eight companies of infantry, and two of artillery, arming and equipping them in a soldier-like manner: and that he be authorised to direct their destination and operations, subject to the order of Congress, and of the Committee of the states in the recess of Congress.
Thomas Mifflin, the president of Congress, named his former aide, Josiah Harmar, to be the commander of the new regiment, with the rank of lieutenant colonel. Harmar was commissioned as the regiment's "lieutenant colonel commandant" on August 12, 1784. The regiment was used primarily to man frontier outposts and guard against Native American attacks. Doughty's company became the 2d Continental Artillery Regiment. The regiment's first posting was to Fort McIntosh in Beaver, Pennsylvania. Half of the regiment's enlisted and non-commissioned officers were born outside the United States.
In 1786, Secretary of War Henry Knox ordered Colonel Harmar to the outpost village of Vincennes to restore order. The Kentucky militia, which had been left behind by George Rogers Clark to help defend Vincennes but had become a lawless mob, fled at the approach of the regiment. Harmar left 100 regulars under the command of Major Jean François Hamtramck to build a new fort and conduct operations deep within the Ohio Country.
Northwest Indian War
The First American Regiment was renamed the Regiment of Infantry on September 29, 1789, when the United States Army was formally instituted under the Constitution of the United States. In 1790, Harmar – who had been breveted as a brigadier general in 1787 – led 320 regulars and over 1,000 militias on the disastrous Harmar campaign in October 1790. The Regiment of Infantry suffered over 70 casualties.
An act of Congress on March 3, 1791, reorganized the U.S. Army to have two regiments of infantry under the command of Major General Arthur St. Clair. As a result, the regiment was designated as the 1st Infantry Regiment with Harmar retained as its commanding officer. It comprised the main force of regulars under St. Clair in the campaign to destroy Kekionga, a large Miami village central to the Northwestern Confederacy of Native American nations. For a brief time, the First American Regiment was commanded by Major John Hamtramck—a French Canadian immigrant—and his second-in-command, Major David Ziegler—a German immigrant.
While on campaign, the 1st Infantry under Hamtramck was sent to find an overdue supply train. The supplies were never found, but as the infantry marched to rejoin the main force on November 4, 1791, gunfire was heard. Native Americans under Miami Chief Little Turtle had attacked in what came to be known as St. Clair's defeat, the worst loss to American Indians by the United States Army in history. Survivors broke through Little Turtle's lines and warned Hamtramck, who fell back to Fort Jefferson instead of covering the retreat.
In response to St. Clair's defeat, the Army was reorganized in 1792 as the Legion of the United States under Major General Anthony Wayne. The First Infantry became the infantry component of the 1st Sub-Legion, commanded by Hamtramck, who was promoted to lieutenant colonel commandant. Under Wayne's leadership, the Legion trained extensively before marching north to meet the Native American confederacy that had defeated St. Clair. The Legion was victorious at the Battle of Fallen Timbers in 1794. The trading post at Kekionga was rebuilt and named Fort Wayne and was garrisoned by the First Sub-Legion under Hamtramck. William Henry Harrison, later to become the 9th President of the United States, was a junior officer in the 1st Sub-Legion.
Later service
In October 1796, the Legion of the United States reverted to being named the United States Army, and the 1st Sub-Legion was designated as the 1st Infantry Regiment. In 1803, Captain Meriwether Lewis of the 1st Infantry was appointed by President Thomas Jefferson to command the Corps of Discovery which conducted the Lewis and Clark Expedition to explore newly acquired territories of the United States. During the War of 1812, the 1st Infantry served in Upper Canada (Ontario province) and saw action at the battles of Chippawa and Lundy's Lane and the Siege of Fort Erie.
Consolidation
In October 1815, the 1st Infantry was consolidated with the 5th, 17th, 19th, and the 28th Infantry regiments to form the 3rd U.S. Infantry Regiment (The Old Guard). The 3rd Infantry, with its roots in the First Infantry Regiment, dating back to 1784, is recognized as the oldest regular army regiment in the United States Army.
Commanding officers
Brevet Brigadier General Josiah Harmar, August 12, 1784 to January 1, 1792
Major John F. Hamtramck, January 1, 1792 to September 4, 1792
Major Richard Call, September 4, 1792 to September 28, 1792
Major Eskurius Beatty, September 28, 1792 to November 27, 1792
Major Thomas Doyle, November 27, 1792 to February 18, 1793
Colonel John F. Hamtramck, February 18, 1793 to April 11, 1803
Colonel Thomas Hunt, April 11, 1803 to August 18, 1808
Colonel Jacob Kingsbury, August 18, 1808 to May 17, 1815
Notable members
Major General and President William Henry Harrison
Brigadier General Zebulon Pike
Brigadier General Thomas Humphrey Cushing
Colonel Thomas Hunt
Colonel Jacob Kingsbury
Colonel William Whistler
Major David Ziegler
Captain Merriwether Lewis
References
External links
Anthony Wayne and the Battle of Fallen Timbers at ArmyHistory.org
Infantry regiments of the United States Army
Military units and formations established in 1784
Military units and formations of the United States in the Indian Wars
Northwest Indian War
1784 establishments in the United States
Ortíz is a large barrio in the municipality of Toa Alta, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 26,580.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Ortíz barrio was 948.
Sectors
Barrios (which are like minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Ortíz barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Toa Alta, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Toa Alta, Puerto Rico
The thoracic spinal nerve 3 (T3) is a spinal nerve of the thoracic segment.
It originates from the spinal column from below the thoracic vertebra 3 (T3).
References
Spinal nerves
The missile research and development program () was the Pakistan Ministry of Defence secretive program for the comprehensive research and the development of guided missiles. Initiatives began in 1988 Benazir Bhutto Government in a direct response to equivalent program existed in India and was managed under the scrutiny of the Ministry of Defence in close coordination with the other related institutions.
The program focused towards developing the short to medium range missiles with a computer guidance system. The project started in 1988 and has since spawned several strategic missile systems capable of carrying both conventional and nonconventional payloads. In its early stage, the Hatf missiles were made feasible as well as developing the Ghauri missile program. Further development led to the introduction of ballistics and cruise missiles by different scientific organizations in the 2000s.
Program overview
Planning and initiatives for the program began in 1987 based on intelligence estimates on the existence of the missile program of India, which was taking place under the Indian DRDO. Memoirs written by former chief of army staff General Mirza Beg, the eventual planning of the program began in 1987, with many of the organizations associated with the Ministry of Defence. The program was delegated to Space Research Commission, DESTO, KRL, and PAEC, all individually working on the program under the MoD and the MoDP.
President Zia-ul-Haq had held several national security meetings with the MoD and MoST officials to give crucial authorization for the launch of the program in 1987. The major motivation for this program, according to a military official, was to counter the India's ingeniously developed Prithvi system, first successfully tested in 1988. Only Hatf project was made it operational in 1987–88. Restriction and strict technology transfer monitored by the MTCL by the numbers of Western countries and the United States slowed the efforts for the program. In a direct technological race with India, the program was focused more towards ingenuity.
The program was aggressively pursued by Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto's government faced with the missile gap with India with apparent testing of Prithvi-I missile in 1990 and strongly advocated and lobbied for the program's feasibility in the 1990s. From 1993 to 1995, the program focused on developing the comprehensive short- to medium-range missiles systems to deter missile threat from India. The program picked up speed under the control of Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, and its existence was kept under extreme secrecy. Crucial decisions were taken by Benazir government and technologies were developed under administration ultimately resulted in the successful development of both short– and medium-range systems.
Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto is described as a political "architect of Pakistan's missile technology" by Emily MacFarquhar of Alicia Patterson Foundation. At the leftist convention held in 2014, former Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani said, "Benazir Bhutto gave this country the much-needed missile technology".
The program eventually expended and diversified with the successful development of the cruise missiles and other strategic level arsenals in the early 2000s.
Codenames
Secretive codenames for the projects of concerning national security had been issued since the 1970s, and the military continued to do so, to promote the secrecy around the missile programme. The missile systems in this program were all given codenames by their respective organizations. However, all missiles were issued single codename series: Hatf, for the surface to surface guided ballistic missiles. This codename was selected by the research and development committee at the GHQ of the Pakistan Army. In Arabic, hatf meaning "Target" refers to the sword of the Prophet Muhammad which was used in many of his military conquests, and had the unique distinction of never missing its target.
The other unofficial names, such as Ghauri and Abdali, are given the names of historical figures in the Islamic conquest of South Asia. Pakistan's missile systems are named after the powerful Turk warlords who invaded India from the historical region of Greater Khorasan;present day Afghanistan and western Pakistan between the 11th and 18th centuries in an attempt to expand their empires.
Battle-range system
The Hatf system (English tr.: "Vengeance") was the first project that was developed under this program in the 1980s and the project went to the Pakistan Army. Designed by the SRC and developed by the KRL, the program was seen as to India's Prithvi, with three variants developed for the use by the Pakistan Army. Classified under the BRBM class, the missile has been in services with Pakistan Army since 1992.
The Hatf–I is an unguided ballistic missile mounted on a TEL vehicle with a range of ; it has capability of both carrying the conventional and nuclear payloads of . The programme initially led by the SRC after developing the Hatf–IA, an improved version with same payload. Its final evolution led to the development of the Hatf–IB which includes a proper computer inertial guidance system with an extended range. The program evolved into final introduction of the Hatf–IV designation with a maximum range of with a payload of 1,000kg (2,200lb), equipped with a computer inertial navigation system. In 2011, the NDC developed the latest battle-field range system that seen as a compatible to Hatf–IV and widely believed to be a delivery system for small tactical nuclear weapons, which is codenamed as: Hatf–IX Nasr.
Short–medium range development
With the development of BRBM type missiles, the program extended towards the creation of the both short–to–intermediate range system. Originally, Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto was initially interested in seeking the procurement of Chinese M–11 missiles but cancelled the talks due to international pressure in the 1990s but China secretly transferred the equipments & technology for the same to Pakistan. After convincing arguments, the project went to SRC in 1995 and the development soon began. Codename Ghaznavi, it is the first solid–fuel based short range system with a range of 600km with a payload of 500kg. The Ghaznavi system was tested in 1997 and is stated to have been a major break-through. The Ghaznavi is a two-stage solid fuel based missile and an advanced terminal guidance system with an onboard computer. The DESTO designed five different types of warheads for the Ghaznavi can be delivered with a CEP of 0.1% at 600 km. It is believed that the design of the Ghaznavi is influenced from the Chinese M-11 missile, but the military officials have claimed that the Ghaznavi was developed entirely in Pakistan.
Under the same category of SRBM, the second project which was codename Shaheen, was widely pursued and developed by the National Defence Complex (NDC)– a spinoff of PAEC. The Shaheen is a series of solid-fuelled missiles and expended well to SRC, NESCOM, DESTO, and Margalla Electronics. Despite many technological set backs and learning from India's developmental experience of the Agni-II, the project continues to evolve and produced the Shaheen-I which entered in the service in 1999. The Shaheen project produces three variants that are considered to be in the MRBM range. The Shaheen-II has a range of 2,500 km with a capacity of carrying payload of 1050kg. Its third variant, the Shaheen-III, rumored to be underdeveloped and is an IRBM range. No official confirmation of the project is known but only the media reports. In January 2017, the Ababeel, a development of the Shaheen-III with multiple independently targetable reentry vehicles (MIRV), was tested. This is a Shaheen-III airframe with an enlarged payload fairing and slightly shorter range of 2,200 km. The intention of the MIRV system is to counteract Indian BMD.
While Shaheen was developed in 1995, another parallel project was being run under the KRL. Codename Ghauri, the project was aimed towards developing the liquid-fuel ballistic missile. The Ghauri was based on entirely on North Korea's Rodong-1 as its technology heavily reflected the Rodong-1. The project was supported by Benazir Bhutto who consulted for the project with North Korea and facilitated the technology transfer to KRL in 1993. According to the military officials, the original design was flawed and the missile burned up on re-entry during its first test flight. The KRL was forced to perform the heavy reverse engineering and had to redesign the entire missile. With scientific assistance from the DESTO, NDC, and the NESCOM, the first missile Ghauri–I was developed. It was successfully tested on 8 April 1998 and entered in the service. As Shaheen, the Ghauri evolves and produced Ghauri-II, also in the 1990s. The Ghauri-II has a maximum range of 2,000km (1,200mi) with a payload of 1,200kg.
Under the Ghauri, its third variant which was codenamed as Ghauri III was underdeveloped by KRL. The Ghauri III was cancelled in 2000 despite the project being completed its 50% of work.
Cruise systems
In 2005 the Hatf VII Babur ground-launched cruise missile was revealed in a public test-firing. Early versions had a range of 500 km but later a 700 km variant was tested. In September 2012 a new launch vehicle was tested, as well as a new command and control system named the Strategic Command and Control Support System. It was stated that the SCCSS would give "decision-makers at the National Command Centre robust command and control capability of all strategic assets with round the clock situational awareness in a digitised network-centric environment." It was also stated that the Babur's guidance system uses terrain contour matching (TERCOM) and digital scene matching and area co-relation (DSMAC) techniques to achieve accuracy described as "pin-point". The new launch vehicle, a MAZ transporter erector launcher, is armed with three missile rounds launched vertically.
In 2007 the Hatf VIII Ra'ad, an air-launched cruise missile (ALCM) was revealed in a test by the Pakistan Air Force. It has a stated range of 350 km. A flight test on 31 May 2012 was stated to have validated integration with the new Strategic Command and Control Support System (SCCSS), stated to be capable of remotely monitoring the missile's flight path in real time. It can avoid radar detection due to its low altitude trajectory.
See also
List of missiles of Pakistan
References
1987 in Pakistan
Missile defense
Military projects of Pakistan
Secret military programs
Nuclear weapons programme of Pakistan
History of science and technology in Pakistan
Research and development in Pakistan
Pakistani military exercises
Nuclear history of Pakistan
Research projects
Thirumagal () is a 1971 Indian Tamil-language drama film, directed by A. S. A. Sami and produced by C. K. Govindarajalu. The screenplay was written by C. K. Govindarajalu from a story by Aaroor Dass. Music was by K. V. Mahadevan. It stars Lakshmi and Sivakumar in a major role, with Gemini Ganesan, A. V. M. Rajan, Padmini and Major Sundarrajan playing pivotal roles.
Plot
Cast
Gemini Ganesan as Advocate Kandasamy
Padmini as Kalyani, Kandasamy's wife
A. V. M. Rajan as Raju, Ranga Rajan's son
Lakshmi as Radha, Kandhasamy's sister
Sivakumar as Ramu, Raju's half-brother
Major Sundarrajan as Rangarajan
S. Varalakshmi as Maragatham, Ramu's mother
Nagesh as Subbusamy
M. Bhanumathi as Bhanu, Subbusamy's fiancé
Baby Rani as Neela, Kandasamy & Kalyani's daughter
Udayappa as Bhanu's father
Jayakumari as club dancer
Soundtrack
Music was by K. V. Mahadevan.
References
External links
1971 films
Indian drama films
Films scored by K. V. Mahadevan
1970s Tamil-language films
1971 drama films
Šibenik is a railway station located in Šibenik, Croatia. The station was opened on 4 October 1887 and is the terminus of the Perković-Šibenik railway, a branch of M604 railway connecting Zagreb and Split via Knin. The train services are operated by Croatian railways.
Building
Siverić-Split line, the first railway line in Dalmatia, was built between 1874-6 to enable the exploitation of coal pits near Siverić and facilitate its export via Split harbor. A branch from Perković to Šibenik was built to connect the coal mines with Šibenik harbor as well. Šibenik station was built from stone in May 1877 in historicist style with elements of neorenaissance. The complex also includes a train depot and a water stop, previously serving steam locomotives.
Train service
The following services currently call at Šibenik:
4x per day Šibenik-Knin
4x per day Šibenik-Perković (1x daily to Unesić)
4x per day Perković-Šibenik (1x daily from Unešić)
4x per day Knin-Šibenik
Connections
The train station is in the immediate vicinity of the central bus station, local bus stop (Trznica), and the port passenger terminal.
External links
References
Railway stations in Croatia
Acute myelomonocytic leukemia (AMML) is a form of acute myeloid leukemia that involves a proliferation of CFU-GM myeloblasts and monoblasts. AMML occurs with a rapid increase amount in white blood cell count and is defined by more than 20% of myeloblast in the bone marrow. It is classified under "M4" in the French-American-British classification (FAB). It is classified under "AML, not otherwise classified" in the WHO classification.
Translocations have been observed. Progression from myelodysplastic syndrome has been reported.
Signs and symptoms
Some patients may experience:
Fatigue
Easy Bruising
Abnormal Bleeding
Anemia
Thrombocytopenia
Dyspnea
If the blast count gets too high and clog up blood vessels, some patients may experience:
Slurred Speech
Headache
Confusion
Weakness on one side of the body
Sleepiness
Cause
The cause has not yet been determined. It has been said that acute myeloid leukemia can occur from a progression of chronic myelomonocytic leukemia type 1 and 2. Normal red blood cells decrease and a rapid proliferation of the abnormal myeloblasts occur. Apoptosis functional ability decreases which causes a back up of myeloblasts in the bone marrow and blood. AML with a translocation or inversion is seen in different chromosomes. Specifically, AML with inversion in chromosome 16 also known as inv(16) is commonly seen in children.
Mechanism
AMML does not have an exact mechanism. The underlying pathophysiology of acute myeloid leukemia consist of maturational arrest of the bone marrow cell during the early stages of development. A myeloblast is an immature precursor cell that will change into a monocyte, healthy white blood cell. In AML, Myeloblast do not mature but grow and multiply with regulation. The abnormal cells build up in the bone marrow and prevent the development of other healthy cells. This type of arrest is still under study but in most cases, a gene inactivation or activation has occurred due to chromosome translocations or inversion. AML-M4 with an inversion of chromosome 16 is caused by breakage and rearrangement within itself.
Diagnosis
Criteria for AMML is confirmed if the myeloblasts and promonocytes in the bone marrow are greater than 20 percent. It can also be confirmed if the blood monocytes are 5x109/L or higher. Testing available to diagnosis AML includes a complete blood count which is characterized by blood that is taken from the vein in the arm to test for leukemia, a peripheral blood smear and a bone marrow test. During a peripheral blood smear, a sample of blood is checked for blast cells, white blood cell count and changes in shape of blood cells. During a bone marrow test, bone marrow is taken from the hip bone in a search for leukemia cells. Aspiration and biopsy are two types of testing that can be done in order to obtain bone marrow. Further classification can be done for the type of AML by examining the cell's shape and size. Generally you'll find immature cells which lack normal features of a cell.
Treatment
AMML can be treated depending on the degree of disease, age of patient, and current patient's health status. Treatment consists of a multi-drug chemotherapy regimen. Chemotherapy drugs often used to treat AML are cytarabine and an anthracycline drug. Chemotherapy is broken down into 2 phases:
Induction therapy: first short and invasive phase of treatment with the goal to the blood of blasts and reduce the number of blasts in the bone marrow back to normal.
Consolidation therapy: second phase given in cycles that occur after the patient has recovered from induction therapy. Its objective is to kill remaining blasts that can't be seen.
In some cases, an allogenic bone marrow transplantation can be performed. If AML with chromosomal abnormalities such as inv(16) are often cured by the standard chemotherapy regimen.
Prognosis
With AMML being difficult to fully treat, the five-year survival rate is about 38-72% which typically decrease to 35-60% if there's no bone marrow transplantation performed. Generally older patients over 60 have a poor outlook due to prior health status before the diagnosis and the aggressive chemotherapy regimen used. The aggressive chemotherapy regimen can lead to long-term side effects such as prolonged anemia, leukocytopenia, neutropenia, and thrombocytopenia. The use of anthracycline drugs can cause a decrease in cardiac contractility, both short and long term. Those with AML-M4 inv(16) have a favorable prognosis with a five-year overall survival rate of 61%.
Epidemiology
AML is commonly seen in pediatric patients with higher pediatric incidence in Hispanics and Asians as compared to non-Hispanic Caucasian and African Americans in the USA. Predisposition to AML includes but not limited to:Down syndrome, Klinefelter's syndrome, and Fanconi's anemia. Acquired predisposing factors include: aplastic anemia, chemotherapy, prenatal exposure to tobacco, marihuana, and alcohol.
Research directions
Considering the disease is rare, not much research is being done specifically for the AML-M4 subtype. Research regarding the production of granulocyte colony stimulating factor (G-CSF) is being conducted to investigate AMML ability to secrete and synthesize G-CSF. Multiple chemotherapy drugs and its effects are being research in comparison to its treatment success in AML not specifically AML-M4.
See also
Juvenile myelomonocytic leukemia
References
External links
Acute myeloid leukemia
Tawny Gap () is a low pass extending across South Georgia from the head of Ice Fjord to a cove just south of Wales Head. The name was given by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) following survey by the SGS in the period 1951-57 and is descriptive of the colorful vegetation in this small gap.
Mountain passes of Antarctica
Pre-B lymphocyte protein 3 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the VPREB3 gene.
The VPREB3 gene product is the human homologue of the mouse VpreB3 (8HS20) protein, and is specifically expressed in cell lines representative of all stages of B-lymphocyte differentiation. It is also related to VPREB1 and other members of the immunoglobulin supergene family. The VPREB3 protein apparently associates with membrane mu heavy chains early in the course of pre-B cell receptor biosynthesis. The precise function of VPREB3 is not known, but it may contribute to mu chain transport in pre-B cells. In humans, besides the bone marrow and secondary lymphoid tissues such as the tonsils, the VPREB3 protein is also present in Purkinje cells of the cerebellum and in the zona glomerulosa of the adrenal.
References
Further reading
In Polynesian mythology, Atarapa ("daybreak") is the goddess of the dawn and a daughter of Haronga.
References
Polynesian goddesses
Solar goddesses
Kiesel may refer to:
Kiesel (surname)
Kiesel, California
Kiesel Guitars, a guitar manufacturer
The chemical element Silicon
The chemical compound Silicon dioxide
The mineral from silicon dioxide Quartz
Unspecific chemical compounds of Silicic acid
a widely distributed sediment, small stones (Kieselsteine), see Kies (disambiguation)
Bassetlaw by-election may refer to:
1890 Bassetlaw by-election
1968 Bassetlaw by-election
Disambiguation pages
Larkhall is one of the twenty wards used to elect members of the South Lanarkshire Council. Created in 2007, it elects four councillors. Its territory covers the town of Larkhall and the surrounding rural area including the villages of Ashgill, Netherburn and Quarter, the eastern border formed by the River Clyde – these boundaries were unaffected by a 2017 national review. The population in 2019 was 18,444.
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2022 South Lanarkshire Council election
Source:
2017 Election
2017 South Lanarkshire Council election
Labour councillor Jackie Burns was expelled from the party and became an Independent following a conviction for sexual harassment and breach of the peace.
2012 Election
2012 South Lanarkshire Council election
Councillor Lesley McDonald defected from the SNP and joined the Labour Party on 2 May 2014.
2007 Election
2007 South Lanarkshire Council election
References
Wards of South Lanarkshire
Larkhall
Vivian Beaumont Allen (March 22, 1885 – October 10, 1962), also known simply as Vivian Beaumont, was an American actress, philanthropist, and heiress. A patron of Broadway theater in New York City, she funded construction of the namesake Vivian Beaumont Theater at Lincoln Center, which was completed after her death. She was founder of the Vivian Beaumont Society, a charitable organization.
Allen died in 1962 at 77 years of age and was interred at the Woodlawn Cemetery in the Bronx.
The Vivian Beaumont Theater, which is found at Lincoln Center in New York City, New York was open to the public on October 21, 1965. Over the years it has gone through many different managements, became one of the largest not-for-profit theaters, and holds many plays and musicals. It was named in her honor due to her many charitable works. Her society, the Vivian Beaumont Society, still encourages others to be involved in the theater.
References
External links
1885 births
1962 deaths
Philanthropists from New York (state)
Burials at Woodlawn Cemetery (Bronx, New York)
Actresses from New York City
Activists from New York (state)
20th-century American philanthropists
20th-century American women
The 72nd Annual Tony Awards were held on June 10, 2018, to recognize achievement in Broadway productions during the 2017–18 season. The ceremony was held at Radio City Music Hall in New York City, and was broadcast live by CBS. Sara Bareilles and Josh Groban served as hosts.
The Band's Visit was the most winning production of the season, with 10 awards, including Best Musical, Best Actor in a Leading Role in a Musical for Tony Shalhoub, Best Actress in a Leading Role in a Musical for Katrina Lenk, and Best Actor in a Featured Role in a Musical for Ari'el Stachel. Harry Potter and the Cursed Child won six awards, including Best Play, while Angels in America won three, including Best Revival of a Play.
The ceremony received positive reviews, with many highlighting the performances of Bareilles and Groban as hosts. At the 71st Primetime Emmy Awards, it was nominated for four awards Outstanding Variety Special (Live), Outstanding Technical Direction, Camerawork, Video Control for a Limited Series, Movie, or Special, Outstanding Lighting Design / Lighting Direction for a Variety Special and Outstanding Original Music and Lyrics.
Eligibility
The official eligibility cut-off date for Broadway productions opening in the 2017–2018 season was April 26, 2018.
Original plays
1984
The Children
Farinelli and the King
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child
John Lithgow: Stories by Heart
Junk
Latin History for Morons
Meteor Shower
The Parisian Woman
The Terms of My Surrender
Original musicals
The Band's Visit
Escape to Margaritaville
Frozen
Mean Girls
Prince of Broadway
SpongeBob SquarePants
Summer: The Donna Summer Musical
Play revivals
Angels in America
Children of a Lesser God
The Iceman Cometh
Lobby Hero
M. Butterfly
Marvin's Room
Saint Joan
Three Tall Women
Time and the Conways
Travesties
Musical revivals
Carousel
My Fair Lady
Once on This Island
Notes
In November 2017, the Broadway production of 1984, which ran from May 18 through October 8, 2017 at the Hudson Theatre, was deemed ineligible for competition at the 72nd Tony Awards. In April 2018, the Tony Awards Administration Committee reversed its decision and allowed 1984 to be considered for nominations.
Awards events
Nominations
The Tony Award nominations were announced on May 1, 2018 by Hamilton alum Leslie Odom Jr. and Katharine McPhee, who was starring in Waitress on Broadway at the time.
Mean Girls and SpongeBob SquarePants each received 12 nominations, tying as the most-nominated shows of the season. The Band's Visit received 11 nominations, as did the revivals of Angels in America and Carousel. Harry Potter and the Cursed Child and the Lincoln Center Theater revival of My Fair Lady each received ten nominations.
Angels in America broke the record for most nominations for a play in Tony Awards history with 11 nominations, beating the record previously held by 2007's The Coast of Utopia and the 2010 revival of Fences.
Other events
The annual Meet the Nominees Press Reception took place on May 2, 2018, at the InterContinental New York Hotel. The annual Nominees Luncheon took place on May 22, 2018, at the Rainbow Room. A cocktail party was held on June 4, 2018, at the Sofitel New York Hotel to celebrate the season's Tony Honors for Excellence in the Theatre and Special Award recipients.
Creative Arts Awards
The Creative Arts Tony Awards were presented prior to the televised ceremony. The hosts are Brandon Victor Dixon and Marissa Jaret Winokur. This ceremony presents awards in technical categories and several previously announced special awards.
Ceremony
Presenters
The ceremony's presenters included:
Rachel Bloom – backstage presenter
Kerry Washington – presented Best Actor in a Play
Tina Fey – introduced Mean Girls
Carey Mulligan – presented Best Featured Actress in a Play
Amy Schumer – introduced My Fair Lady
Billy Joel – presented Special Tony Award to Bruce Springsteen
Tituss Burgess – presented Best Featured Actress in a Musical
Ethan Slater – introduced SpongeBob SquarePants
Erich Bergen and Katharine McPhee – presented Best Book of a Musical
Tatiana Maslany – presented Best Featured Actor in a Play
Mikhail Baryshnikov – introduced Carousel
Uzo Aduba – presented Best Featured Actor in a Musical
Ming-Na Wen – presented Excellence in Theatre Education Award
Matthew Morrison – introduced Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School drama department
Patti LuPone – special presentation on the Tonys' history
Claire Danes – presented Best Actress in a Play
James Monroe Iglehart – introduced Frozen
Chita Rivera and Andrew Lloyd Webber – presented Best Direction of a Musical
Jeff Daniels – presented Best Direction of a Play
Christopher Jackson – presenter of the In Memoriam tribute
Amanda Sudano, Brooklyn Sudano, and Mimi Sommer – introduced Summer: The Donna Summer Musical
Matt Bomer, Jim Parsons, Zachary Quinto, Andrew Rannells – presented Best Play
Melissa Benoist – introduced Once on This Island
John Leguizamo – presented Best Revival of a Play
Rachel Brosnahan – introduced The Band's Visit
Brandon Victor Dixon and Marissa Jaret Winokur – presenters of the Creative Arts winners
Christine Baranski – presented Best Revival of a Musical
Robert De Niro – introduced Bruce Springsteen
Kelli O'Hara – presented Best Actor in a Musical
Leslie Odom Jr. – presented Best Actress in a Musical
Bernadette Peters – presented Best Musical
Performances
The following shows and individuals performed on the ceremony's telecast:
"This One's for You" – Sara Bareilles and Josh Groban
"Where Do You Belong?" / "Meet the Plastics" – Mean Girls
"The Rain in Spain" / "I Could Have Danced All Night" / "Get Me to the Church on Time" – My Fair Lady
"Bikini Bottom Day" (with new lyrics) / "I'm Not a Loser" – SpongeBob SquarePants
"8 Times a Week" (parody of "Chandelier" by Sia) – Bareilles and Groban
"Blow High, Blow Low" – Carousel
"Seasons of Love" – Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School drama department
"For the First Time in Forever" / "Let It Go" – Frozen
Chita Rivera and Andrew Lloyd Webber medley – Bareilles and Groban
"For Forever" – Dear Evan Hansen
"Last Dance" – Summer: The Donna Summer Musical
"One Small Girl" / "Mama Will Provide" – Once on This Island
"Omar Sharif" – The Band's Visit
"My Hometown" – Bruce Springsteen
"This One's for the Dreamers" – Bareilles and Groban
Non-competitive awards
The Tony Award for Lifetime Achievement in the Theatre was presented to Chita Rivera and Andrew Lloyd Webber.
The Tony Honors for Excellence in Theatre was awarded to photographer Sara Krulwich, costume beader Bessie Nelson, and Broadway dry cleaning service Ernest Winzer Cleaners.
The Excellence in Theatre Education Award was presented to Melody Herzfeld of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School.
The Isabelle Stevenson Award was presented to Nick Scandalios, who is the Executive Vice President of the Nederlander Organization.
The Regional Theatre Tony Award was awarded to La MaMa E.T.C. (Experimental Theatre Club) of New York City, which has a monetary grant of $25,000.
The Special Tony Award was given to John Leguizamo and Bruce Springsteen.
Winners and nominees
Source:
‡ The award is presented to the producer(s) of the musical or play.
± The Tony Awards for Best Sound Design of a Play and of a Musical were reinstated for the 72nd Tony Awards after being removed in 2014.
Awards and nominations per production
Individuals with multiple nominations
3: Ann Roth
2: Peggy Eisenhauer and Jules Fisher; Jonathan Fensom, Christopher Gattelli, Casey Nicholaw, Scott Pask and David Zinn
Reception
The show received a positive reception from many media publications. On Metacritic, the ceremony has a weighted average score of 79 out of 100, based 5 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews". The Hollywood Reporter columnist David Rooney remarked, "Bareilles and Groban aced their duties on their own terms, displaying terrific chemistry and making it less about themselves than their infectious enthusiasm as out-and-proud theater geeks." The New York Times theatre critic Mike Hale commented, "The just-happy-to-be-here, can't-we-all-get-along vibe was set by the opening song, a celebration of the ceremony's also-rans — 'This one's for the loser inside of you' — sung by the hosts, Sara Bareilles and Josh Groban, and a chorus made up of ensemble members from every Broadway musical. It was a charming, if not particularly memorable, number. That could also describe the performances of Ms. Bareilles and Mr. Groban, who were a likable and entertaining pair. The show as a whole ran like clockwork, without any significant gaffes but also no particularly memorable outbreaks of emotion or eccentricity." Daniel D'Addario from Variety wrote, "Throughout, Groban and Bareilles kept up this happily effervescent, optimistic but never cloying energy — up until the show's end, when they reprised their opening number as a call to arms for all who work in the theater, or hope to. It was a sweet debut performance by hosts who may well be back at Radio City next June, should the Tonys be so lucky."
In addition, Kristen Baldwin from Entertainment Weekly gave the show a B+, expanding in her review, "Hosts Josh Groban and Sara Bareilles kicked off the 72nd annual Tony Awards with the mix of showmanship, self-deprecating humor, and good-natured egalitarianism that would continue throughout the night." Deadline Hollywood critic Dino-Ray Ramos commented, "Bareilles and Groban live on the border of radio-friendly music and the Broadway stage, and they served as delightful cruise directors, devoid of forced jokes and corny antics. Instead, they leaned into their musical theater geekiness, which was infectious. As a hosting duo, they did their job effortlessly and well, staying in their lane by not doing too much or too little. They were pitch perfect — pun intended." Television critic Jessica Gelt of the Los Angeles Times remarked, "hosts Josh Groban and Sara Bareilles leavened the evening with well-measured comedy."
Ratings
The ceremony averaged a Nielsen 4.8 ratings/11 share, and was watched by 6.3 million viewers. The ratings were a 5 percent increase from previous ceremony's viewership of 6 million, becoming the highest since 2016.
In Memoriam
The cast of Dear Evan Hansen sang "For Forever" as images of theatre personalities who had died in the past year were shown.
Barbara Cook
Thomas Meehan
John "Corky" Boyd
Nanette Fabray
Patricia Morison
Frank Corsaro
Danny Daniels
Gemze de Lappe
Roy Dotrice
Michael Friedman
Peter Hall
A. R. Gurney
John Heard
Earle Hyman
Albert Innaurato
Stephen J. Albert
John Mahoney
Mark Schlegel
Rachel Rockwell
John Heyman
Donald McKayle
David Ogden Stiers
Soon-Tek Oh
Bernard Pomerance
Harvey Schmidt
Sam Shepard
Liz Smith
Richard Wilbur
Louis Zorich
Joseph Bologna
Sammy Williams
Stuart Thompson
Robert Guillaume
Jan Maxwell
See also
2018 Laurence Olivier Awards
References
External links
2018 awards in the United States
2018 in New York City
2010s in Manhattan
2018 theatre awards
June 2018 events in the United States
Tony Awards ceremonies
NGC 911 is an elliptical galaxy located in the constellation Andromeda about 258 million light years from the Milky Way. It was discovered by French astronomer Édouard Stephan in 1878. It is a member of the galaxy cluster Abell 347.
See also
List of NGC objects (1–1000)
References
External links
Elliptical galaxies
Andromeda (constellation)
0911
009221
Kirklees Hall is a 16th-century Grade I listed Jacobean hall, close to the English village of Clifton in Calderdale, West Yorkshire.
The first evidence of a hall constructed at Kirklees was that of Sir Thomas Gargrave, who conveyed the property to the Pilkington family.
After the estate was acquired by the up-and-coming Armytage family, the stone built hall was altered c.1770 by John Carr for the Sir George Armytage, 3rd Baronet. The Armytage family went on to occupy the hall for several generations.
Lady Armytage (d: 2008 aged 81), sold the property in 1983 and moved into Priory Gardens a property she built within Kirklees Park estate adjacent to Old Farm (formerly Low Hall) and the Kirklees Priory site. The former gatehouse part of the Old Farm (Low Hall) complex can still be seen, though the site is on private land and has no public access.
Kirklees Hall and grounds designed after Francis Richardson are now a collection of luxury residences set in 18 acres and are annexed from Kirklees Park estate which are private with no public access.
Robin Hood associations
In the 12th century, the Cistercians built Kirklees Priory. It is connected to the legend of Robin Hood as it is said to be his final resting place. In the folklore song Geste it is said that Robin Hood was the nephew of the prioress, who sheltered him when he was fleeing from the Sheriff of Nottingham. She drained his blood (as was a common medicinal practice in those days). She drained too much and he died. Though one can not be certain of her intentions, local folklore tells us that it was murder. The site of Robin Hood's Grave is marked on the local Ordnance Survey map.
The grave is located a short distance from the building where Robin Hood died, although archery experts have stated that the distance covered would not have been possible with bows of that time, never mind Robin's strength in his last moments. The grave is clearly marked as belonging to Robin Hood. The priory gatehouse and grave are located on private land.
Notes
Country houses in West Yorkshire
Grade I listed houses
Grade I listed buildings in West Yorkshire
Buildings and structures in Calderdale
The eastern golden weaver (Ploceus subaureus) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
It is found in eastern and south-eastern Africa. Alternative names used for the eastern golden weaver include yellow weaver, olive-headed golden weaver, and African golden weaver.
References
External links
Eastern golden weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
eastern golden weaver
Birds of East Africa
eastern golden weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Turtle Run is a stream located entirely within Ritchie County, West Virginia.
Turtle Run was so named by Native Americans after the turtle.
See also
List of rivers of West Virginia
References
Rivers of Ritchie County, West Virginia
Rivers of West Virginia
The 1926 Wightman Cup was the fourth edition of the annual women's team tennis competition between the United States and Great Britain. It was held at the England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in London in England.
See also
1926 Davis Cup
References
1926
1926 in tennis
1926 in American tennis
1926 in British sport
1926 in women's tennis
Ho Airport is a regional airport built to serve Ho in the Volta Region of Ghana. Construction was completed in 2017, although the airport was not opened to commercial traffic until 2021.
History
On 18 September 2015, President John Dramani Mahama held a groundbreaking ceremony for Ho Airport. The construction of the airport is in line with the Ghanaian government's goal to have airports in each of the country's regions. The cost of construction is estimated to be US$25 million, provided by Ghana Airports Company Limited. The company building Ho Airport stated in May 2017 that the project would be finished by the end of 2017. Construction began in September 2015 and was expected to cost US$25 million. Ultimately, airport will cover , with a passenger terminal and a runway.
Africa World Airlines expressed interest in flying to Ho Airport once formally commissioned by the relevant authorities. However, the Minister of Transport stated the airport was intentionally being left idle due to the absence of a state owned carrier.
In January 2021, Africa World Airlines announced that services will begin in April 2021 with two weekly services from Accra. On 15 April 2021, Africa World Airlines made the first test flight to Ho Airport with an Embraer 145 jet aircraft. The flight was co-piloted by Togbe Afede XIV, who is also the Agbogbomefia of the Asogli State.
Passion Air had an inaugural flight from the Kotoka International Airport in Accra to the Ho Airport on 1 December 2021. The airline announced that its first commercial flights will be on 4 December 2021 to and from Accra. The airline initially plans to fly to Ho twice a week. Flights were suspended in March 2022, citing low patronage and high fuel costs.
Airlines and destinations
All scheduled flights to Ho were suspended in March 2022, with Passion Air citing low patronage and high fuel costs as the reasons. Africa World Airlines also confirmed that it had decided not to launch flights to Ho due to operational challenges.
Statistics
These data show number of passengers movements into the airport, according to the Ghana Civil Aviation Authority.
Infrastructure
Ho Airport will cover . It will have a runway with dimensions and a terminal that can handle 150,000 passengers annually.
See also
List of airports in Ghana
References
Airports in Ghana
Presidency of John Mahama
Rötha is a town in the Leipzig district, in Saxony, Germany. It is situated 16 km south of Leipzig. On 1 August 2015 it was expanded with the former municipality Espenhain.
Districts
Mölbis - independent village until 1999, formerly infamous for being the most polluted village in the GDR, later in all of Europe ("der dreckigste Ort Europas") because of its vicinity to Espenhain lignite industry plants
Espenhain
Oelzschau
Pötzschau
References
External links
www.roetha.de Official homepage of Rötha
www.roetha-info.net Private portal of Rötha
Leipzig (district)
The African Entertainment Awards USA (also referred to as AEAUSA), an annual event consisting of mostly music awards.
History
The event is composed of 30 categories (22 music & 8 non-music) and the 1st edition of the African Entertainment Awards was held on 31 October 2015, at the Mary Burch Theater Newark, New Jersey, with host; Comrade Fatso, and Hassan Oliver. The 5th AEAUSA Awards was held on October 19, 2019, at New Jersey Institute of Technology with co-host Eric Omondi, and Anita Fabiola, as it honors African excellence and its pioneers at the ceremony.
Ceremonies
Controversy
In 2020, Laycon won Best New Artist in all of Africa, and was celebrated by his fans on social media. In 2019, Eddy Kenzo won Best African Entertainer Of The Year, which was received with controversy criticizing the fairness of the award. In 2017, Yemi Alade won big, and left fans debating about her alleged rivalry with songwriter and actress Tiwa Savage, on "Who's Mama Africa".
Performering act(s)
Award categories
The following are the present categories:
Music categories
Best Male Artist
Best Female Artist
Best Hip Hop Artist
Hottest Group
Best Collaboration
Best Video
Entertainer of the Year
Best Gospel Artist
Best Local Dancer/Group
Best Promoter
Best Local DJ
Best Francophone Artist
Best Palop Male Artist
Best Palop Female Artist
Best Upcoming Artist
Single of the Year
Best Local Artist
Best Male Artist – Central/West Africa
Best Male Artist – East/South/North Africa
Best Female Artist – Central/West Africa
Best Female Artist – East/South/North Africa
Best Dancehall Artist
Other categories
Best African Talent/Artist Managers
Local Model of the Year
Fashion Designer of the Year (also known as Best Local Fashion Designer)
Best African Comedian
Best Host
Best Blogger/Influencer
Local Athlete of the Year
Community Award
Best video
African Entertainment Awards (Canada)
In 2011, the African Entertainment Awards (Canada) were founded by Nigerian Social Entrepreneur Kunle Adewale to recognize the African-Canadian entertainment industry. Despite the similarity in name, the two award ceremonies are unrelated.
References
Awards established in 2015
American music awards
Better Call Saul Presents: Slippin' Jimmy, more commonly known as Slippin' Jimmy, is an American animated television series and a spin-off of Better Call Saul (itself a spin-off of Breaking Bad). The series follows a young Jimmy McGill's misadventures in Cicero with his best friend Marco Pasternak. The show's release was set to coincide with the release of the final episode of the first half of Better Call Saul'''s sixth season. Upon release the show was universally panned by both critics and audiences for its poor writing and animation, and its completely different tone to the rest of the franchise.
Production
Development Variety reported in March 2021 that AMC was developing an animated spinoff series of Better Call Saul, titled Slippin' Jimmy. The series, a prequel based on younger Jimmy and Chuck's time in Cicero, Illinois, was developed by Ariel Levine and Kathleen Williams-Foshee, who previously worked on the associated live-action web series. Voice actors include Chi McBride, Laraine Newman, and Sean Giambrone as Jimmy.Slippin' Jimmy was later revealed as a short-form series on February 10, 2022, along with the next season of the Better Call Saul Employee Training Video series and Cooper's Bar starring Rhea Seehorn. Told in the style of classic 1970s-era cartoons, each episode is an ode to a specific movie genre — from Spaghetti Westerns and Buster Keaton to The Exorcist. The series was produced by Rick and Morty animators Starburns and written by Levine and Williams-Foshee.
Release
The first teaser clip was released on February 10, 2022, when the series was officially unveiled. A release date was announced to occur during the sixth season of Better Call Saul. All six episodes of Slippin' Jimmy were released on May 23, 2022, on AMC+ to coincide with the release of Better Call Sauls mid-season six finales "Plan and Execution".
Cast
Starring
Sean Giambrone as Jimmy McGill
Kyle S. More than Marco Pasternak
Will Vought as Trent Titweiler
Recurring
Beth Grant as Ms. Retch & Mrs. Brockfrater
Jasmine Gatewood as Bobbi & Sue
Chi McBride as Father Karras
Gideon Adlon as Dawn Marie
Gary Anthony Williams as Demon
Laraine Newman as Sister Beth
Carlos Alazraqui as Cheech & Comic Store Worker
Brian Sommer as Radio Host & Taxi Driver
Zac Palladino as Trent's Mom
David Herman (additional voices)
Episodes
Reception
The series received negative reviews from fans and critics alike. Alex Ashbrook from Comic Book Resources said the series is "crudely drawn and seems to have been hastily put together compared to how beautifully crafted its predecessors were. Despite Peter Gould appearing as an executive director, his skills are nowhere to be found." Mark Donaldson from Screen Rant criticized the concept, saying "the animated spinoff is being sold as a digital exclusive but this race to provide sellable content to audiences undermines storytelling ... the team behind both Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul have proven themselves to be savvy storytellers that respect the journeys of their characters over cheap cash-ins. It's this integrity that makes Slippin Jimmy'' feel like such a misstep."
References
External Links
Better Call Saul
2022 animated television series debuts
2020s American adult animated television series
2022 American television series debuts
American adult animated comedy television series
American adult animated television spin-offs
American flash adult animated television series
Animated television series about teenagers
English-language television shows
Film and television memes
Andrew Magnus (died 1380) was a 14th-century Scottish prelate. Of unknown background, he is recorded for the first time in a document dating to 28 November 1365, holding the position of Archdeacon of Dunblane. Having merely been collated to this position by an ordinary, perhaps the Bishop of Dunblane Walter de Coventre, he received a fresh papal provision on 6 January 1367.
Following the death of Bishop Walter de Coventre sometime in the year after 21 March 1371, Andrew was elected as Bishop of Dunblane by the cathedral chapter of the diocese; he was provided to the see by Pope Gregory XI on 27 April 1372. On 1 July 1372 he and all the other bishops of Scotland were ordered by the papacy to collect one tenth of their annual revenue "in aid of the defence of the Pope and the Roman Church in Italy".
Few other things are known of his episcopate or his life. Pope Gregory XI wrote to Bishop Andrew in 1375 requesting that the Bishop furnish Thomas Stewart and his brother James Stewart, illegitimate sons of King Robert II of Scotland, with benefices and to issue a dispensation for their legitimacy. In 1380, the Pope requested that the Bishop of Dunblane confirm the annexation of the church of St Columba in Tiree to Ardchattan Priory; in the same year, a Bishop of Dunblane, probably Andrew, confirmed the election of William de Culross as the new Abbot of Inchaffray.
Andrew died sometime later in the year. As late as 1 September 1380, officials at the papal curia believed that he was still alive; but Andrew was definitely dead by 12 September, when his successor Dúghall de Lorne was provided to the vacant bishopric; the officials must have been wrong in their belief, as Dúghall had already been elected at Dunblane, and the interval must have been large enough both for the election to have been organised and for news of the election to have arrived in southern France by 12 September, almost certainly more than twelve days.
Bishop Andrew's seal survives appended to the Act made at Scone on 4 April 1373, settling the succession of the Scottish crown. He is known to have had a kinsman, Michael by name, to whom he provided the perpetual vicarage Abernethy, despite the fact that this Michael was "underage and illiterate".
Notes
References
Year of birth missing
14th-century births
1380 deaths
Bishops of Dunblane
14th-century Scottish Roman Catholic bishops
Kayaaltı can refer to:
Kayaaltı, Burdur
Kayaaltı, Göle
Kayaaltı, Oltu
Sungai Durian, or "Durian River", is a village in the district of IX Koto Sungai Lasi, Solok Regency in the province of West Sumatra, Indonesia.
The village had 662 inhabitants as of the 2010 census.
Events
A barefoot futsal tournament was held in the village in July 2015 between KKN students and local youth, the Sungai Durian Cup.
At one point play was almost interrupted by a wandering buffalo.
In July 2016, towards the end of Ramadan, a dispute broke out between villagers of Sungai Durian and the neighboring village of Bukit Bais.
Police intervened and managed to prevent violence.
In January 2017 two women drowned when they slipped into what was said to be an abandoned open-pit gold mine in the village with a depth of about .
Police would not confirm that the pool was an excavated mine, and said that if it was a mine they did not know when the mining was done.
The mine would be illegal under the constitution, but presumably its presence was known by the local people and the police.
Notes
Sources
Populated places in West Sumatra
De Familie Knots (free translation The Nuts Family; Knots being a Dutch expression for crazy) was a Dutch children's television series, broadcast between 22 October 1980 and 27 February 1984 by the NCRV.
Concept
The TV series is set in a comics store, owned by the eccentric Knots-family. The family members are all played by only three actors.
Cast
Hetty Heyting - Tante Til, Oma Knots and Hansje.
Marnix Kappers - Neef Herbert, the Doctor, the PTT man, Vader Vogel, Buurvrouw Pronk and the voice-over.
Jan-Simon Minkema - Opa Knots, Arend Vogel and Onkel X.
Characters
Tante Til (Aunt Til) is a painting artist who holds the family together; her secret weapon is an intoxicating pink paint which she uses in splashes when one needs to be taught a valuable lesson.
Frederik is Til's husband; he lost his job as a window cleaner for the police since he fell off a ladder. Frederik reinvented himself as 'Onkel X' ('Uncle X'), the family's private investigator. His catchphrase "Hands up, dude, what's your code?" ("Hands up, makker, wat is je code?") drew the attention of a US-impresario; he ended up flying back and forth to Hollywood for acting-roles
Opa Knots (Grandad; forename Herman) is the founder of the comics store; he hates children and answers the phone by asking "Hello, whose mine speaking?" ("Hallo, wie spreekt mijn?").
Oma Knots (Grandma; forename Johanna) Johanna) is Herman's wife. She tends to be clumsy and spends all day brewing soup with varying degrees of success. Herman reprimands her by comparing her to a child.
Neef Herbert (cousin Herbert) is a civil servant with an otherwise unbridled interest in toys and a matching appetite for Til's chocolates which he's not supposed to touch.
Hansje (cosy name for Johanna) is the niece who works behind the counter of the comics store. At night she attends adult school to get her qualifications second time round.
Arend Vogel (free translation Burt Eagle) is an elementary schoolteacher who rents the attic. He is fancied by Hansje despite being a few years older. A dose of pink paint makes him realise that he lost touch with his long-haired progressive days.
Supporting characters
Buurvrouw Pronk (Neighbour Pronk), the woman next door who's curious for saucy gossip about the family. After a pink dream she gives up her copycat behaviour to care for the elderly.
Vader Vogel (Vogel Senior) is the man Arend ran way from because they are alike. He attempts to make up with his son.
Aaf Klaver (free translation Ave Clover) is introduced as Herbert's girlfriend; she ignites his political ambitions, but only to enhance her own status. The relationship falls apart after interference from Til.
Music
Each episode featured a song, written and composed by Eric van Tijn. The songs were performed by Heyting and/or Minkema and released on an album. A compilation, Knots Klips, was broadcast in September 1984.
In popular culture
Marnix Kappers resurrected his Herbert-specs in 1989 for a series of reports in a tourist-at-home programme.
In 2014 a documentary about De Familie Knots was partially filmed in Amsterdam comics store Lambiek and broadcast on TV one year later. This marked the first time that the near-entire cast was reunited.
Hetty Heyting sold her Til-dress for auction, but later bought it back. This enabled her to reprise the popular character for prominent features in the Sinterklaas-films by Martijn van Nellestijn. In 2017, Til appeared in a Scoot-Mobile-commercial.
Sources
External links
http://www.hettyheyting.nl/famknots/knots-watis.htm
Dutch children's television series
Dutch music television series
Dutch comedy television series
1980 Dutch television series debuts
1984 Dutch television series endings
Television shows about comics
Knots
Knots
Lorry is a 1980 Malayalam film directed by Bharathan and written by Padmarajan. It stars Achankunju, Balan K. Nair, Nithya, Meena and Prathap Pothan.
Plot
Velan (Achan Kunju) is a street circus performer. He kidnaps and forcibly blinds village children and turn them into fellow circus performers. Once, he falls in love with one of his victims, Rani (Nithya), as does his lorry driver friend Ouseph (Balan K. Nair). Eventually, Ouseph and Velan kill each other allowing Rani to escape with the man she really loves, a lorry cleaner (Prathap Pothen).
Cast
Prathap Pothen as Dasappan
Achankunju as Velan
Balan K. Nair as Ouseph
Nithya as Rani
Sankaradi
Bahadoor
Meena
Santhakumari as Ammu
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Viswanathan and the lyrics were written by Poovachal Khader.
References
External links
1980s Malayalam-language films
1980 films
Films directed by Bharathan
Films with screenplays by Padmarajan
Films scored by M. S. Viswanathan
Torkel Knutsen Lillefosse (5 July 1868 – 9 January 1946) was a Norwegian botanist.
He was born at Strandebarm in Hordaland, Norway. After working as a wood carver and gardener, he turned to botany. From 1921 he received an annual state grant for his research. He only researched the flora of Western Norway, and his collection of plants from Hordaland and Sogn og Fjordane was and is unique.
References
1868 births
1946 deaths
20th-century Norwegian botanists
People from Hordaland
19th-century Norwegian botanists
Jo Nattawut (born October 7, 1989), also known as Smokin' Jo, is a Thai Muay Thai kickboxer. He is a 5-time Lion Fight super welterweight champion and 1-time Lion Fight middleweight champion, as well as the former WMC Super Lightweight champion. He currently competes in ONE Championship for ONE Super Series.
Jo Nattawut is currently ranked #3 in the ONE Featherweight Muay Thai rankings.
Biography
Early years
Jo Nattawut (real name Nattawut Somkhun) was born in Nakhon Ratchasima in the Northeastern Isan region of Thailand. Jo grew up playing football at school and spent his weekends working on local rice farms.
Early career
Jo first discovered Muay Thai at 10 years old, when he saw his football coach hitting a heavy bag. Jo asked to join, starting to train Muay Thai after football practice. He took his first fight at the age of 10 with 12 hours notice. Eventually, he decided to join a Muay Thai camp near his house and continue training in his free time. When he was 18 years old, Jo moved to Bangkok to join a gym and get serious about Muay Thai.
After a year and a half of no success in Muay Thai, Jo gave up Muay Thai and moved to Ko Pha-ngan island. During the day, he worked at a restaurant, hotel, and fitness gym, and at night he sold whiskey on the beach for tourist parties. Jo also organized Muay Thai showcases for tourists and occasionally put himself on the card to fight.
Move to the United States and career resurgence
Jo moved to the United States in early 2013. He first lived in Colorado, where he fell in love with snowboarding. He moved to Atlanta, Georgia in late 2013, where he taught kickboxing and Muay Thai classes.
In the United States, Jo fought for Lion Fight, an American Muay Thai organization based in Las Vegas. Nattawut's first fight was with one week's notice, at Lion Fight 17 against Cosmo Alexandre. Jo won by split decision. Nattawut's next fight was infamously taken on 24 hours notice against Sean Kearney at Lion Fight 19. He ended up winning the fight by unanimous decision.
At Lion Fight 22, Jo Nattawut defeated Salah Khalifa to win the Lion Fight Super Welterweight Championship. He would go on to successfully defend the super welterweight title 5 times: Charlie Peters at Lion Fight 24, Cedric Manhoef at Lion Fight 28, Hasan Toy at Lion Fight 33, Kengsiam Nor Sripueng at Lion Fight 35, and Petchtanong Banchamek at Lion Fight 37. He also defeated fellow Thai expatriate fighter Malaipet Sasiprapa at Lion Fight 32 to win the Lion Fight Middleweight Championship.
ONE Championship
After winning multiple Muay Thai titles at the Lion Fight tournaments in the United States, including the Lion Fight Super Welterweight and Lion Fight Middleweight Titles, Nattawut signed a contract with ONE Championship. He made his ONE debut on April 20, 2018 at ONE Championship: Heroes of Honor in Manila, facing legendary kickboxer Giorgio Petrosyan. He lost to Petrosyan by unanimous decision.
His next fight was against Yohann Drai at ONE Championship: Pursuit of Power in Kuala Lumpur on July 13, 2018. Nattawut would knock out Drai in the first round, giving him his first win in ONE Championship. On November 9, 2018, he faced George Mann of Scotland at ONE Championship: Heart of the Lion in Singapore, where he won by unanimous decision.
On February 16, 2019, Jo Nattawut would return to fight in Thailand for the first time since moving to the United States at ONE Championship: Clash of Legends in Bangkok. His opponent at the event was Samy Sana of France, whom he defeated by unanimous decision.
2019 ONE Kickboxing Featherweight World Grand Prix
Jo Nattawut was selected to compete in the ONE Super Series Kickboxing Featherweight World Grand Prix, which included Yodsanklai Fairtex, Giorgio Petrosyan, and Dzhabar Askerov. His opponent for the Quarter-Finals was Sasha Moisa, a Ukrainian fighter who also competes in Lethwei in the World Lethwei Championship (itself a partner of ONE Championship). In the Grand Prix Quarter-Finals at ONE Championship: Enter the Dragon in Singapore, he defeated Sasha Moisa via TKO, knocking down the Ukrainian 3 times in the third round, securing a win and advancing to the Grand Prix Semi-Finals.
In the Kickboxing Featherweight Grand Prix Semi-Finals, he was set to face Giorgio Petrosyan a second time at ONE Championship: Dreams of Gold in Bangkok. However, in his rematch with Petrosyan, Nattawut lost by knockout in the first round, getting eliminated from the Kickboxing Featherweight World Grand Prix.
Jo currently trains at his own gym, United Training Center, located in Atlanta, Georgia.
2021 ONE Kickboxing Featherweight World Grand Prix
After two years away, Jo Nattawut is scheduled to make his return against Yurik Davtyan in an alternate bout for the 2021 ONE Kickboxing Featherweight Grand Prix at ONE Championship: First Strike on October 15, 2021. However, the fight was removed from the card for undisclosed reasons. Nattawut's fight with Davtyan was eventually rescheduled for ONE Championship: NextGen II on November 12, 2021. Nattawut won by knockout in the first round.
He was originally set to face fellow Grand Prix alternate Dovydas Rimkus at ONE Championship: Only the Brave on January 28, 2022. However, after Grand Prix semifinalist Marat Grigorian tested positive for COVID-19, Nattawut was rebooked to face Chingiz Allazov in the Grand Prix semifinals. Nattawut lost by first-round knockout.
Return to Muay Thai
Nattawut is scheduled to face Jamal Yusupov under Muay Thai rules at ONE 159 on July 22, 2022. He lost by unanimous decision.
Titles and accomplishments
World Muaythai Council
WMC World Super Lightweight Championship
Lion Fight
2016 Lion Fight Middleweight Champion
2015 Lion Fight Super Welterweight Champion (5 defenses)
World Professional Muaythai Federation
2009 WPMF World 140 lbs. Champion
Fight record
|- style="background:#FFBBBB;"
| 2022-07-22 || Loss ||align=left| Jamal Yusupov || ONE 159 || Kallang, Singapore || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- style="background:#FFBBBB;"
| 2022-01-28|| Loss ||align=left| Chingiz Allazov || ONE Championship: Only the Brave || Kallang, Singapore || KO (Left Hook) || 1 || 1:55
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2021-11-12|| Win ||align=left| Yurik Davtyan || ONE Championship: NextGen II || Singapore || KO (Right Cross) || 1 || 2:50
|- style="background:#FFBBBB;"
| 2019-08-16 || Loss|| align="left" | Giorgio Petrosyan || ONE Championship: Dreams of Gold || Bangkok, Thailand || KO (Left Straight) || 1 || 2:44
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2019-05-17 || Win || align="left" | Sasha Moisa || |ONE Championship: Enter the Dragon || Kallang, Singapore || TKO (3 Knockdown Rule) || 3 || 1:24
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2019-02-16|| Win ||align=left| Samy Sana || ONE Championship: Clash of Legends ||Thailand || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 3:00
|-
|- style="background:#cfc;"
|2018-11-09 || Win ||align=left| George Mann || ONE Championship: Heart of the Lion || Kallang, Singapore || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2018-07-13 || Win ||align=left| Yohann Drai || ONE Championship: Pursuit of Power || Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia || KO (Punches)|| 1 || 2:59
|-
|- style="background:#FFBBBB;"
|2018-04-20 || Loss ||align=left| Giorgio Petrosyan || ONE Championship: Heroes of Honor ||Manila, Philippines || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2017-07-28|| Win ||align=left| Petchtanong Banchamek || Lion Fight 37 || Ledyard, United States || Decision (Unanimous)|| 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2017-03-03|| Win ||align=left| Kengsiam Nor Sripueng || Lion Fight 35 || Ledyard, United States || KO (Knees to the leg) || 3 || 2:40
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2017-01-13|| Win ||align=left| Yan Zhao || Superstar Fight 7 || Hunan, China || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2016-11-18|| Win ||align=left| Hasan Toy || Lion Fight 33 || United States || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2016-10-21|| Win ||align=left| Malaipet Sasiprapa || Lion Fight 32 || Las Vegas, United States || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2016-07-02|| Win||align=left| Mo Zhuang || Superstar Fight 4 || Shenzhen, China || KO || 2 ||
|- style="background:#FFBBBB;"
| 2016-05-27|| Loss ||align=left| Regian Eersel || Lion Fight 29 || United States || KO (Right high kick) || 5 ||
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2016-02-26|| Win ||align=left| Cedric Manhoef || Lion Fight 28 || United States || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2015-09-25|| Win ||align=left| Charlie Peters|| Lion Fight 24 || Ledyard, United States || KO (Elbows) || 3 ||
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2015-05-22|| Win ||align=left| Salah Khalifa || Lion Fight 22 || United States || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2015-02-20|| Win ||align=left| Richard Abraham || Lion Fight 20 || United States || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2014-11-21|| Win ||align=left| Sean Kerney || Lion Fight 19 || Ledyard, United States || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2014-08-01|| Win ||align=left| Cosmo Alexandre || Lion Fight 17 || United States || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2012-03-03|| Loss||align=left| Toby Smith || Domination 8 || Australia || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend:
References
1989 births
Welterweight kickboxers
Middleweight kickboxers
Jo Nattawut
Thai expatriates in the United States
Living people
ONE Championship kickboxers
, also known by and his Chinese style name , was a bureaucrat of the Ryukyu Kingdom.
He was father-in-law of Aragusuku Anki. In the summer 1555, King Shō Sei became seriously ill. The king ordered Kunigami Keimei, Gusukuma Shūshin and Aragusuku Anki, all of them were members of Sanshikan, to assist the Crown Prince Shō Gen. But after the king's death, Kunigami and Gusukuma broke their promises and said that Shō Gen was too sickly to succeed the throne. They suggested that Shō Kanshin (), who was the fourth son of Shō Sei and titled Great Prince Ie (), should be the next king. Aragusuku stood in the audience hall with a naginata in his hand, and called on all ministers to comply with the will. Finally, Shō Gen ascended to the throne. Kunigami was exiled to Kume Island and Gusukuma to Iheya Island in 1559, respectively.
Both of them lost official position and peerage and were not allowed to return to Shuri until their political opponent Aragusuku died 1567. He regained his peerage and was given Urasoe magiri as his new hereditary fief.
References
Ueekata
Sanshikan
People of the Ryukyu Kingdom
Ryukyuan people
16th-century Ryukyuan people
The Joshua L. Chamberlain Museum was the home of American Civil War general, Bowdoin College president, and Maine Governor Joshua L. Chamberlain for over 50 years. Located at the corner of Maine and Potter Streets in Brunswick, Maine, the house is now open seasonally to the public and is in the process of being restored as it was when Chamberlain lived there.
History of the House
1824 to 1859
Jesse Pierce most likely built the original south-facing Greek Revival cape that would become the Chamberlain Museum not long after he purchased a tract of land on Potter Street in 1824. After Pierce lost the property to creditors in 1829, the land and house were purchased by Mary Ann Fales in 1830, who owned the home until 1836. During this time, Fales rented out extra rooms in the home, including three rooms where Henry Wadsworth Longfellow and his first wife lived while Longfellow taught at Bowdoin College.
After the home passed out of the hands of Fales, it went through a steady succession of owners. A prominent local builder named Anthony C. Raymond lived in the home from 1836 until 1838, when it was purchased by David & Alice Dunlap. The Dunlaps kept the home until 1849 and were followed by Edward Fisher (1849–1851), George B. Upham (1851–1852), Roswell Hitchcock (1852–1856) and finally John Wild (1856–1859).
1859 to 1983
In 1859, Professor Joshua L. Chamberlain purchased the home for $2,100 after renting an apartment in the building for two years with his wife Frances Caroline Adams and their two children. After Chamberlain had returned from serving in the Civil War, in 1867 the family sold part of their property to Eldridge Simpson and moved their entire house down the street to the corner of Maine and Potter streets so that it faced east. After the move, several architectural changes were made to the exterior, including the addition of a crenellated trim and chimneys decorated with Latin, Greek and Maltese crosses.
When Chamberlain was chosen as the president of Bowdoin College in 1871, he decided that rather than moving into the President's House on Federal Street he would renovate his own home to accommodate guests. Using equipment from local shipyards, the entire home was jacked up into the air and a new floor built underneath it. This newly-added first floor is generally Gothic in style, though there are elements of both Italianate and Greek Revival architecture as well.
During the 1890s, Chamberlain added a Gothic piazza to the rear of the home, and in 1907 he had the crenellations removed. Upon Chamberlain's death in 1914 his daughter, Grace Allen inherited the home and its contents. Grace rented rooms in the home from 1916 until her death in 1937, when her daughter, Rosamond Allen, inherited the home. Rosamond sold the home and most of its contents to Emery Booker in 1939, who divided the building into seven apartments which were primarily used by Bowdoin College students. In 1983, the Pejepscot Historical Society purchased the building from Booker's estate for the price of $75,000, and opened the home as a museum in 1984.
Noted visitors to Chamberlain's home included Ulysses S. Grant, William Tecumseh Sherman, Philip Sheridan, George B. McClellan, Fitz John Porter, Oliver Otis Howard, Charles Sumner, Carl Schurz, William Pitt Fessenden, Lot Morrill, William P. Frye, Eugene Hale, and James G. Blaine.
Museum
The Pejepscot Historical Society currently operates guided tours of the museum from Memorial Day weekend to Columbus Day weekend. Rooms visited on the tour include the Dining Room, Curvy Room, Entryway, Longfellow Parlor, Library, Governor's Room, Architectural History Room, and Formal Parlor. Some of the items currently on display in the museum are the boots Chamberlain wore at the battle of Gettysburg, his ceremonial governor's chair & desk, Chamberlain's saddle for his horse Charlemagne, and the minié ball which nearly took Chamberlain's life at the battle of Petersburg.
During the winter of 2013-14, severe cold froze the water and heating pipes of the house, causing them to burst and pour water into the first floor. This resulted in serious water damage on two ceilings and a wall in the downstairs parlor and dining room, and to some of the period furniture. The incident sparked a reorganization of the Maine State Museum's disaster plan, resulting in the formation of the Cultural Emergency Resource Coalition (CERC).
Notes
External links
Official site
Google Map & images of Joshua L. Chamberlain Museum
Buildings and structures in Brunswick, Maine
Chamberlain
Historic house museums in Maine
Museums established in 1984
Museums in Cumberland County, Maine
Chamberlain
American Civil War museums in Maine
History museums in Maine
Tourist attractions in Brunswick, Maine
In molecular biology, the calx-beta motif is a protein motif which is present as a tandem repeat in the cytoplasmic domains of Calx sodium-calcium exchangers, which are used to expel calcium from cells. This motif overlaps domains used for calcium binding and regulation. The calx-beta motif is also present in the cytoplasmic tail of mammalian integrin-beta4, which mediates the bi-directional transfer of signals across the plasma membrane, as well as in some cyanobacterial proteins. This motif contains a series of beta-strands and turns that form a self-contained beta-sheet.
References
Protein domains
Bahrudi (, also Romanized as Baḩrūdī) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 615, in 159 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Merida Industry Co., Ltd (MIC; ) is a Taiwan-based company with R&D headquarters in Germany that designs, manufactures and markets bicycles globally in over 77 countries. Founded in 1972 by Ike Tseng (1932–2012), the company designs and manufactures over 2 million bicycles a year at its factories in Taiwan, China and Germany. After Tseng's death in January 2012, his son Michael Tseng became the company's president.
After making bicycles as an original equipment manufacturer for numerous other brands, the company established its own brand, Merida, in 1988. The company currently designs and manufactures bicycles primarily for its own brand — and for brands with which it shares financial interest, including the now German brand Centurion.
Merida has been a publicly traded company on the Taiwanese stock exchange since 1992 and is valued as of 2012 at approximately £350 million, making it one of Taiwan's largest companies.
The name Merida derives roughly from the translation of its three syllables ma-ri-da, which mirror the company's goal to manufacture bikes that enable the customer to reach their destination.
History
The original Merida factory was organized after the Raleigh Nottingham factory as the company began by making Raleigh bikes for the North American market. Tseng would later develop his own welding robots to meet his production goals.
In 2001, Merida bought 49% of Specialized for a reported US$30 million, with its CEO and founder Mike Sinyard remaining the majority owner. In the past, Merida manufactured bicycles for companies including Mongoose. In 2007, Merida invested $7 million to renovate its 35-year-old factory in Taichung, without halting production.
Sponsorship
Merida has been co-sponsor of the Multivan Merida Biking Team, with athletes such as José Antonio Hermida and Gunn-Rita Dahle Flesjå, and of bicycle racing events such as the TransUK and TransWales mountain bike races. Since 2004, the team has been scoring over 30 World Cups wins as well as Olympic gold and silver medals.
In 2013 Merida became co-sponsors of the Pro-Tour Lampre-Merida road racing team and changed to Bahrain–Merida Pro Cycling Team in 2017, which is called Team Bahrain Victorious since 2021.
See also
List of companies of Taiwan
Rebranding
Original design manufacturer (ODM)
References
External links
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 1972
Cycle manufacturers of Taiwan
Taiwanese brands
Multinational companies headquartered in Taiwan
1972 establishments in Taiwan
Mountain bike manufacturers
Tyndarimorpha areolata is a species of beetles in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Tyndarimorpha.
References
Monotypic Buprestidae genera
Brigadier-General Wilfred Ellershaw (1871 – 5 June 1916) was a British Army officer who served as Aide-de-Camp to Lord Kitchener.
Ellershaw was the son of Reverend John Ellershaw. He was educated at Bloxham School in Oxfordshire. He married Katherine Ingles, daughter of Rear-Admiral John Ingles and Catherine Sophia Glennie, on 22 June 1899.
He was commissioned into the Royal Artillery. Between 1899 and 1906 he was an instructor at the Royal Military Academy, Sandhurst. He subsequently rose to the rank of brigadier-general. During the First World War he served as Special Service Officer at the War Office and became the Aide-de-Camp to the British Filed Marshall, Lord Kitchener.
Ellershaw died alongside Kitchener on 5 June 1916 when the ship he was on, HMS Hampshire, struck a mine laid by a German U-boat shortly after leaving Scapa Flow.
Ellershaw is commemorated on the Hollybrook Memorial of Hollybrook Cemetery, located in Shirley, Southampton.
References
1871 births
1916 deaths
19th-century British Army personnel
People educated at Bloxham School
British Army brigadiers
Royal Artillery officers
British Army personnel of World War I
British military personnel killed in World War I
Burials at Hollybrook Cemetery
Deaths due to shipwreck at sea
Academics of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst
The Interregnum (between rulers) period in Transjordan, following the ending of the Franco-Syrian War on 25 July 1920 until Abdullah's entry into Transjordan between November 1920 and March 1921, was a short period during which Transjordan had no established ruler or occupying power. Transjordan then became a no man's land or, as Sir Herbert Samuel put it, "left politically derelict"; the region was extremely poor, sparsely populated and widely considered ungovernable.
The British in the neighbouring Mandatory Palestine chose to avoid "any definite connection between it and Palestine", and the British "Sharifian Solution" for the area began to be developed. The World Zionist Organization tried and failed to have the area added to Mandatory Palestine. The efforts of the High Commissioner for Palestine, Herbert Samuel, were overruled by the British Foreign Minister Lord Curzon.
British decision not to impose direct occupation
Development of policy
In early 1920, two principles emerged within the British government: the first was that the Palestine government would not extend east of the Jordan, and the second was the government's chosen albeit disputed interpretation of the 1915 McMahon-Hussein Correspondence which proposed that Transjordan had been included in the area of "Arab independence" whilst Palestine had been excluded.
At the beginning of the interregnum in Transjordan, the British suddenly wanted to know 'what is the "Syria" for which the French received a mandate at San Remo?' and "does it include Transjordania?". British Foreign Minister Curzon ultimately decided that it did not and that Transjordan would remain independent, but in the closest relation with Palestine.
Zionist efforts to add Transjordan to the Palestine administration
On 6 August 1920, British Foreign Secretary Earl Curzon wrote to newly appointed High Commissioner Herbert Samuel regarding Transjordan, stating: "I suggest that you should let it be known forthwith that in the area south of the Sykes-Picot line, we will not admit French authority and that our policy for this area to be independent but in the closest relations with Palestine." Samuel replied to Curzon, "After the fall of Damascus a fortnight ago...Sheiks and tribes east of Jordan utterly dissatisfied with Shareefian Government most unlikely would accept revival," and asked to put parts of Transjordan directly under his administrative control. Two weeks later, on 21 August, Samuel then visited Transjordan without authority from London; at a meeting with 600 leaders in Salt, he announced the independence of the area from Damascus and its absorption into the mandate, quadrupling the area under his control by tacit capitulation. Samuel assured his audience that Transjordan would not be merged with Palestine. Curzon was in the process of reducing British military expenditures and was unwilling to commit any significant resources to an area considered to be of marginal strategic value. Curzon immediately repudiated Samuel's action; on 26 August he sent, via the Foreign Office, a restatement of his instructions to minimize the scope of British involvement in the area in particular stating that "There must be no question of setting up any British administration in that area". At the end of September 1920, Curzon instructed Vansittart to leave the eastern boundary of Palestine undefined, and to avoid "any definite connection" between Transjordan and Palestine, in order to leave the way open for an Arab government in Transjordan.
Curzon wrote in February 1921: "I am very concerned about Transjordania... Sir H.Samuel wants it as an annex of Palestine and an outlet for the Jews. Here I am against him."
Local governments
Following Samuel's speech in August 1920, the British began to encourage the setting up of local autonomous governments in the following regions. Six junior political officers were sent to the region to advise on the creation of self-government; no military support was provided, they were given limited financial support, and some of the officers could not speak Arabic. The arrangement lasted until April 1921, although by early February 1921 the British had concluded that "[Abdullah's] influence has now completely replaced that of the local governments and of the British advisers in Trans-Jordania".
Ajlun region
Major FitzRoy Somerset and Captain Reginald Monckton were the assigned British political officers.
The area was the most densely populated in the country and was subsequently split into four governments: Jabal Ajlun, Kura, Irbid, and Jerash. The Jerash Local Government was led by Muhammad Ali Al-Mughrabi.
Balqa region
Salt
Major J. N. Camp and Captain Chisholm Dunbar Brunton were the assigned British political officers, later handing over to Captain Frederick Peake, who took overall control of the gendarmerie.
Amman
Captain Alan Kirkbride (younger brother of Alec) was the assigned British political officer.
Kerak region
Captain Alec Kirkbride was the assigned British political officer.
Named by Kirkbride as the "National Government of Moab".
Considered the most successful of the governments.
Notes
References
Bibliography
Interregnums
1920s in Transjordan
States and territories established in 1920
The 2013–14 Irish Premier League season was the 41st running of Basketball Ireland's premier men's basketball competition. The season featured 10 teams from across the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, with the regular season beginning on 5 October 2013 and ending on 9 March 2014. With a first-place finish and a 17–1 win–loss record, Killester were crowned league champions for the eighth time in their history. UCC Demons were crowned National Cup champions for a sixth time, and won the season finale Champions Trophy tournament for the second straight year.
Teams
Regular season
Standings
Source: Comortais
Champions Trophy
Bracket
*National League Division 1 champions.
**Fourth place in National League Division 1.
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
National Cup
Round 1 (2 legs)
Round 2 (1 leg)
Winner of Series 1 vs Winner of Series 2
Semi-finals
Winner of Series 3 vs Winner of Series 5
Winner of Series 4 vs Winner of Round 2
Final
Source: Comortais
Premier League Select Team
Gathering Shield
The 2013 "Gathering Shield" match between the Premier League Select Team and the Welsh National Select Team took place at the National Basketball Arena on Saturday 26 October.
Team
Shane Coughlan (UCC Demons)
Niall O'Reilly (UCC Demons)
Colin O'Reilly (UCC Demons)
Mike McGinn (Neptune)
Ger Noonan (Neptune)
Mati Rudak (Neptune)
Neil Campbell (UL Eagles)
Scott Kinnevane (UL Eagles)
Keith Anderson (Swords Thunder – National League Division 1)
Isaac Westbrooks (Killester)
Mindaugas Tamušauskas (Dublin Inter)
Paul O'Brien (Moycullen)
Head Coach: Mark Keenan (UL Eagles)
Assistant Coaches: Jerome Westbrooks (Killester) and Mike Hickey (UL Eagles)
Game data
Ireland vs England
For the second straight year, the Premier League Select Team travelled to Birmingham, England to play against the England Select Team in the BBL Cup Final curtain-raiser. The match took place at the National Indoor Arena on Sunday 12 January, with tip off at 12pm.
Team
Paul Dick (Belfast Star)
Darren Townes (Neptune)
Ger Noonan (Neptune)
Ian McLoughlin (Neptune)
Michael McGinn (Neptune)
Ciaran O'Sullivan (UCC Demons)
Mārtiņš Provisors (DCU Saints)
Kieran O'Brien (Killester)
Mike Westbrooks (Killester)
Dylan Cunningham (Moycullen)
Delwan Graham (UL Eagles)
Scott Kinnevane (UL Eagles)
Head Coach: Mark Keenan (UL Eagles)
Assistant Coaches: Jerome Westbrooks (Killester) and Mike Hickey (UL Eagles)
Team Manager: Aidan O'Brien
Game data
Awards
Player of the Month
Coach of the Month
Statistics leaders
Stats as of the end of the regular season
Regular season
Player of the Year: Michael Bonaparte (Killester)
U23 Player of the Year: Paul Dick (Belfast Star)
Coach of the Year: Jonathan Grennell (Killester)
References
Irish
Super League (Ireland) seasons
Basket
Basket
Otto-Wilhelm Förster (16 March 1885 – 24 June 1966) was a general in the German Army during World War II who commanded several corps. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. Förster retired from active duty in January 1944. He was arrested by the Soviet authorities following the war. Convicted as a war criminal in Soviet Union, he was held until 1955.
Awards and decorations
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 28 April 1943 as Generalleutnant and commander of 93. Infanterie-Division
References
Citations
Bibliography
1885 births
1966 deaths
People from Ilmenau
Major generals of the Reichswehr
German military personnel of World War I
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the Soviet Union
People from Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach
Siegfried Line
Recipients of the clasp to the Iron Cross, 1st class
Generals of the German Army (Wehrmacht)
Generals of Engineers
Military personnel from Thuringia
Gilbert and Eleanor Kraus were an American couple known for rescuing 50 Jewish children prior to the beginning of World War II.
Personal life
Gilbert and Eleanor Kraus lived in the Fitler Square neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Gilbert, educated at the University of Pennsylvania Law School, was an attorney, partner of a law firm, and president of Philadelphia Records. He founded the Doyleston Legal Aid Society, was president of the Bucks County Mental Health Society, and a member of Eagleville Hospital. He also bred Guernsey cows.
They sent their children to a Quaker school. Eleanor wrote about the mission that they undertook, but it was not published during her lifetime. Gilbert died in 1975 and Eleanor died in 1989.
Background
After Austria was annexed to Nazi Germany through the Anschluss in 1938, conditions became difficult for Jews and they lost their rights. Many people wanted to immigrate to the United States, but immigration policy was very restrictive due to the Depression and anti-Semitism. Since 1934, there were Jewish groups who tried, but failed in bringing Jewish children to the United States. They knew three Philadelphian Quaker men who went to Berlin in December 1938 on a rescue mission, but were unsuccessful.
Rescue mission
Gilbert developed a relationship with Assistant Secretary of State George S. Messersmith, who had served as general counsel in Berlin (1930–1934) and then in Vienna (1934–1937), to focus his efforts in Vienna to rescue the children. Gilbert thought, though, that the best effort would be to work through Berlin first to have visas that were issued but unused due to death, travel to other countries, or arrest released for the children. After meeting with Louis Levine, who originally proposed the idea, and Kraus, Messersmith issued a memo to the American embassy consul general Raymond H. Geist and the State Department officials in charges of visas about the plan.
Eleanor took on fundraising and finding families who would take in the children. B'rith Sholom held fundraisers for the rescue mission. They raised $150,000 and obtained 54 signed affidavits from families who said that they would support the children.
With the support of B'rith Sholom, they went to Nazi occupied Austria and rescued children between the ages of five and fourteen in Vienna before the outbreak of World War II, which required them working with Jewish leaders in their community who opposed the effort and American immigration policy that make the effort difficult. Gilbert set sail for Europe in early April 1939, and although Eleanor had been warned by the State Department not to travel to Europe, she traveled to Europe after Gilbert wired her from Vienna that he needed her help. Traveling with them was a German-speaking Jewish pediatrician, Dr. Robert Schless. In Vienna, they met with individuals in the Nazi bureaucracy and at embassies.
Hundreds of parents and children showed up to apply to have the children selected for the rescue. The children selected, 25 girls and 25 boys, were the ones considered most resilient to be separated from their family, whom they might not see again.
The Krauses traveled by train from Vienna. When the children said goodbye to their families at the railroad station they were told they could not wave goodbye, as it might be considered as the Nazi salute and could result in their arrest. In Berlin, the group received 50 visas from Geist. They met with the Gestapo to obtain the passports for the children. They then traveled to Hamburg, where they set sail for New York aboard the S.S. President Harding and arrived on June 3, 1939.
The children were first brought to B'rith Sholom's summer camp in Collegeville, Pennsylvania, which had a 25-bedroom house. They then went to live with relatives who lived in the United States or foster families. The Krauses wanted to make another mission, but after the war began they were unable to make another rescue. Related documents and photographs were donated to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum.
50 Children: The Rescue Mission of Mr and Mrs Kraus - the Movie
Their story was made into the documentary 50 Children: The Rescue Mission of Mr. and Mrs. Kraus - the movie (2013) by Steven Pressman, the husband of their granddaughter Liz Perle. It premiered on Yom HaShoah, Holocaust Remembrance Day. According to Pressman, they were "the single largest group of [Jewish] children" that were brought to the United States during the Holocaust in one group.
Kraus Family Foundation
In honor of Gilbert and Eleanor Kraus, the Kraus Family Foundation and the Union for Reform Judaism (URJ) announced on April 30, 2019, on the eve of Yom Hashoah (Holocaust Remembrance Day, the formation the Gilbert and Eleanor Kraus Initiative for Immigrant and Refugee Justice. The foundation's cofounders, Peter (the grandson of Gilbert and Eleanor), and his wife, Jill Kraus, funded the program with a multi-year gift to the URJ of more than one million dollars to galvanize people to action around the immigration and refugee crisis in the United States.
“What Jill and I are trying to say with regard to this gift,” Peter Kraus stated in an interview, “is the power of everyday individuals. The more we everyday individuals commit to being part of the immigration process, the more successful our country will be in finding an answer to the trauma that is being visited upon refugees.”
See also
Kindertransport
Notes
References
Married couples
Children in the Holocaust
People who rescued Jews during the Holocaust
People from Philadelphia
Risk and strategic consulting refers to the provision of information, analysis and associated services in the field of international politics and economics, with the aim of providing a better understanding of the risks and opportunities facing businesses, governments and other groups.
In contrast to management consulting, which primarily concerns internal organization and performance, risk and strategic consulting aims to provide clients with an improved understanding of the political and economic climate in which they operate. Most such consultancy is focused on those developing countries and emerging markets in which political and business risks may be greater, harder to manage, or harder to assess. Risk and strategic consulting is sometimes carried out alongside other activities such as corporate investigation, forensic accounting, employee screening or vetting, and the provision of security systems, training or procedures. Some of the largest groups in the industry include Kroll Inc. and Control Risks Group, though the size and range of consultancies varies widely, with groups such as Black Cube and Hakluyt & Company providing boutique services.
Risk and strategic consultancy does not generally involve the operational 'risk assessment' carried out by many companies and consultancies. Risk assessment in this sense covers the identification and management of commercial, operational and technical risks within existing operations or known markets. Risk and strategic consultancy also concerns countries and concerns similar to those of interest to private military companies, though the two industries are distinct. Risk and strategy consultancies should not be confused with international lobbying or advocacy groups, though there are occasional overlaps. Clients of risk and strategic consulting firms include companies, governments and government agencies, charities and non-government organizations, academic institutions and individuals.
See also
Foreign policy interest group
References
Foreign policy and strategy think tanks in the United States
Consulting by type
DXBZ may refer to:
DXBZ-AM, an AM radio station broadcasting in Pagadian, branded as Radyo Bagting
DXBZ-FM, an FM radio station broadcasting in Davao de Oro, branded as YK FM
Sumner Byron Myers (February 19, 1910 – October 8, 1955) was an American mathematician specializing in topology and differential geometry. He studied at Harvard University under H. C. Marston Morse, where he was graduated with a Ph.D. in 1932. Myers then pursued postdoctoral studies at Princeton University (1934–1936) before becoming a professor for mathematics at the University of Michigan. He died unexpectedly from a heart attack during the 1955 Michigan–Army football game at Michigan Stadium.
Sumner B. Myers Prize
The Sumner B. Myers Prize was created in his honor for distinguished theses within the LSA Mathemathics Department. The recipients are as follows:
2004: Peter Storm
2005: Kevin Woods
2006: Calin Chindris
2007: Yann Bernard, Samuel Payne
2008: Bryden Cais
2009: Susan Sierra
2010: Paul Johnson, Alan Stapledon
2011: Kevin Tucker
2012: Matthew Elsey
2013: Max Glick
2014: Jae Kyoung Kim
2015: June Huh, Mary Wootters
2016: Brandon Seward
2017: Hamed Razavi
2018: Rohini Ramadas
2019: Visu Makam
2020: Han Huang
2021: Emanuel Reinecke
2022: Xin Zhang
References
Further reading
1910 births
1955 deaths
20th-century American mathematicians
Topologists
Harvard University alumni
University of Michigan faculty
Geometers
Tarfeh (, also Romanized as Ţarfeh; also known as Ţaraf) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25, in seven families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Plautella is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. It is a monotypic genus containing Plautella cossaea found in the Indomalayan realm Malaya, Java, Sumatra and Borneo.
Subspecies
P. c. cossaea (Sumatra)
P. c. hegesias Fruhstorfer, 1910 (Nias)
P. c. pambui Eliot, 1973 (southern Burma, Thailand, Malay Peninsula)
P. c. plauta H.H.Druce, 1895 (Borneo)
P. c. sabatina Fruhstorfer, 1910 (Java, Sumatra)
P. c. sonchus H.H. Druce, 1896 (Borneo, Thailand)
Synonyms
Acytolepis cossaea cossaea
Acytolepis cossaea sabatina
Acytolepis plauta
Celastrina cossaea pambui Eliot, 1973
Celastrina cossaea sonchus
Celastrina plauta
Cyaniris cossaea distanti Fruhstorfer, 1910
Cyaniris cossaea hegesias Fruhstorfer, 1910
Cyaniris cossaea plauta
Cyaniris cossaea sabatina Fruhstorfer, 1910
Cyaniris cossaea de Nicéville, 1895
Cyaniris plauta H.H. Druce, 1895
Cyaniris sonchus H.H. Druce, 1896
Lycaena cossaea (de Nicéville) Piepers & Snellen, 1918
Lycaenopis cossaea hegesias
Lycaenopsis (Lycaenopsis) sonchus
Lycaenopsis cossaea cossaea
Lycaenopsis cossaea plauta
Lycaenopsis cossaea sabatina
Lycaenopsis plauta
Lycaenopsis sonchus
References
, 1983. Blue butterflies of the Lycaenopsis group: 1-309, 6 pls. London.
, 1895. On new and little-known butterflies from the Indo-Malayan Region. The Journal of the Bombay Natural History Society 9: 259-321, 4 pls.
Polyommatini
Butterflies of Borneo
Monotypic butterfly genera
Lycaenidae genera
The black-capped piprites (Piprites pileata), also known as the black-capped manakin, is a species of suboscine passerine. It has traditionally been placed in the Tyrannidae.
It is found in Atlantic forest, especially with Araucaria angustifolia, growing in highlands of south-eastern Brazil and north-eastern Argentina (Misiones only). Until the recent rediscovery in Argentina, the only confirmed record for that country was a specimen taken in 1959. It is generally rare and local, and therefore considered vulnerable by BirdLife International. It is known from a number of protected areas, including the Itatiaia National Park in Rio de Janeiro, and Campos do Jordão State Park in São Paulo.
References
External links
BirdLife species factsheet
Photo of a male black-capped piprites - Jquental.
black-capped piprites
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
black-capped piprites
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 1953 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 22nd staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18.
Galway entered the championship as defending champions, however, they were defeated in the Connacht Championship.
On 27 September 1953, Mayo won the championship following a 2-11 to 1-6 defeat of Clare in the All-Ireland final. This was their second All-Ireland title overall and their first in fifteen championship seasons.
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
Clare wins the Munster Championship for the first time since 1930.
References
1953
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Fentonium bromide (INN) is an anticholinergic and antispasmodic atropine derivative. In the US its patent number is 3,356,682. It is sold by Sanofi-Aventis and Zambon.
References
Tropanes
Quaternary ammonium compounds
Bromides
Aromatic ketones
Primary alcohols
Carboxylate esters
Biphenyls
Muscarinic antagonists
Hayden Norman Thorpe (born 18 January 1986) is an English singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist, originally from Kendal, Cumbria and currently based in Walthamstow, London.
Career
From 2002 to 2018, Thorpe was the frontman of the indie pop band Wild Beasts, which he initially co-founded as a duo with guitarist Ben Little. Eventually expanding into a four-piece, the band released five studio albums on Domino Records to much critical acclaim, yet only modest commercial success. Following the band's dissolution, Thorpe pursued a solo career, and released his debut album Diviner through Domino in May 2019.
In July 2021, Thorpe announced his second album, Moondust for My Diamond to be released 15 October 2021 via Domino Records, the announcement came with a video for the song "The Universe Is Always Right".
Musical style and influences
Thorpe is often noted for his distinct, operatic countertenor vocal style, which critics commonly described as being both unusual and an acquired taste in the field of indie rock. Thorpe has cited Leonard Cohen, Kate Bush and The Smiths as amongst his musical influences, as well as writer Arthur Rimbaud on his lyrics.
Discography
Albums
Diviner (2019)
Moondust for My Diamond (2021)
EPs
Aerial Songs (2020)
References
1986 births
21st-century English singers
English male singers
English bass guitarists
English male guitarists
Male bass guitarists
English people of Australian descent
Rhythm guitarists
Countertenors
Domino Recording Company artists
Living people
People from Kendal
21st-century British male singers
People from Walthamstow
This article lists the complete results of the knock out stage of the 2013 BWF World Junior Championships – Teams event in Bangkok, Thailand.
Bracket
Result
Quarter Finals
China vs Chinese Taipei
Indonesia vs Malaysia
Japan vs Thailand
South Korea vs Vietnam
Semi Final
China vs Indonesia
Japan vs South Korea
Bronze Medal Final
China vs Japan
Final
Indonesia vs South Korea
References
2013 BWF World Junior Championships
2013 in youth sport
Mr.Ibu
John Ikechukwu Okafor, (born 17 October 1961) popularly known as Mr. Ibu, is a Nigerian actor and comedian. Okafor is considered to be one of Nigeria's most talented and highly paid comic characters. His humorous acting is often characterized by stupidity, hilarious imbecility, and a sharp disconnection from reality.
Background and Education
He hails from Nkanu West L.G.A., Enugu State. After elementary school, in 1974, Okafor moved to Sapele to stay with his brother, after his father's demise. In Sapele, he did menial jobs so he could sponsor himself to school and support his family. He then worked as a hairstylist, ventured into photography and also worked in a company that produces crates. After secondary school, he was admitted into the College of Education, Yola, but pulled out due to financial difficulties. He later enrolled in the Institute of Management and Technology (IMT), Enugu as soon as he was financially able to.
Career
He has acted in more than 200 NollyWood movies including Mr.Ibu (2004), Mr. Ibu and His Son, Coffin Producers, Husband Suppliers, International Players, Mr.Ibu in London (2004), Police Recruit (2003), 9 Wives (2005), Ibu in Prison (2006) and Keziah (2007).
john okafor claimed he was poisoned 3 times
See also
List of Nigerian actors
References
External links
People from Enugu State
Living people
Nigerian male film actors
21st-century Nigerian male actors
1961 births
Actors from Enugu State
Igbo comedians
Nigerian comedians
Igbo actors
John (Jack) Allen Coupar is a Canadian politician. He represented the electoral district of Colchester North in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1984 to 1988. He was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party of Nova Scotia.
Coupar entered provincial politics in the 1984 election, defeating Liberal incumbent Ed Lorraine by 160 votes in Colchester North. Coupar was defeated when he ran for re-election in 1988, losing to Lorraine by 163 votes. In the 1993 election, Coupar ran in the Truro-Bible Hill riding, but was defeated by Liberal Eleanor Norrie by 187 votes.
References
Living people
Progressive Conservative Association of Nova Scotia MLAs
People from Colchester County
Year of birth missing (living people)
The women's pentathlon at the 1974 European Athletics Championships was held in Rome, Italy, at Stadio Olimpico on 3 and 4 September 1974.
Medalists
Results
Final
3/4 September
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 16 athletes from 9 countries participated in the event.
(2)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(1)
References
Pentathlon
Combined events at the European Athletics Championships
1974 in women's athletics
Adriana Aleixo Pereira de Barros (born 1976) is a Portuguese and Canadian illustrator, web designer, and poet.
Since 1999, de Barros has created visual poems that combine various disciplines: writing, designing and drawing, sound editing, and filmmaking (through the use of new media, Flash software). Her visual poems have been screened at the American festivals Flashbang! and Flashbang 4 (2001 and 2002), The. ME.Project. (2002; showcased in Toronto, New York and Los Angeles). Her work has appeared in art/poetry books and websites. De Barros has been recognized for "trying to make poetry more dynamic and accessible." Her creations exist as she states, "so that even someone who may dislike poetry can enjoy it visually."
de Barros designs and illustrates at her own studio, Breathewords. And she is also founder and editor of Scene 360, a not-for-profit, online film and arts magazine; since 2000, it has provided numerous insightful interviews and profiles of leading web designers, artists, and filmmakers.
Biography
Born in Caldas da Rainha, Portugal, de Barros moved to Toronto at the age of three. As a child she was mainly interested in sports; and only when she was twelve did she realize her interest in drawing. At age fifteen, her family decided to move back to her birthplace, where de Barros faced cultural challenges with her education and lifestyle.
In high school, she chooses to study art and design, deciding to pursue cinema in college. Upset with the lack of sophistication within the film schools and film industry in Portugal, she believes that Toronto "would have been a better location to pursue cinema than in Portugal." She wishes to one day have the opportunity to study filmmaking in North America. Out of high school, she began working temporarily for her family's clothing business. The experience led to a full-time job as a fashion and advertising designer for the company, as well as co-running a copy center with design section.
In 1999, de Barros began web design and programming. She mentions finally finding her place online by "combining various art forms into each project". The Internet providing non-geographical boundaries and easiness for de Barros to write and create English language projects. She began with exploration in frame-by-frame Flash visual poems to founding an online film and arts magazine, Scene 360, where she would write film and art analyses and profile creative individuals.
Not having a formal degree, de Barros is self taught. Today, she still runs her copy center, as she designs in her studio. She is principal and creative director of Breathewords.com. Her work encompasses various media from hand-painted illustrative magazine covers to e-commerce and wacky Flash sites for poets (e.g. HotEmuluv).
Works
Visual poetry
de Barros's interactive narratives and poems have been showcased at design and Flash festivals, and screened on the Internet on places like poemsthatgo ("Winter City Sleeps" and "Blinding Lights", 2001), top design portal K10k ("Freedom of Expression in the Copyright Era" premiered in Issue #131, 2004), and online art gallery Lumen Eclipse ("Invisible"; featured in 2007).
Illustration style and technique
"Her art revolves around issue of daily life, human psychology analysis and colour, and imaginary and surrealist envisionment." She likes to paint portraits of people with distinguishing facial expressions. And objects commonly found in her artwork are hands, angel wings, butterflies, and animals.
de Barros's prominent style is "intentionally leaves portions of her pieces unfinished or with imperfections." She has a dual passion of old era with contemporary living. From inspirations of the Golden Age of Cinema to Renaissance (e.g. unfinished sketches by Leonardo da Vinci). This combined with a Pop Art impression—her paintings of kids in animal masks, Disney characters; and tattoo-styled outlines with bold color backgrounds. Her creative process is noted for its clear difference from a fine artist and cartoon animator, because it many times begins with writing—inspired by a theme, song, daily life interpretation—and then composed into a visual.
De Barros's painting technique is acrylic only to using mixed media with watercolor, color pencils, spray paint, and collage.
Multimedia
De Barros's web designs in both Flash and static media (CSS and HTML) have been featured with design excellence in "HOW Top Ten Links (2003, USA), Web Designing (April 2003, Japan), Taschen's 1000 Favorite Websites (2003, Germany), STEP Inside Design (Issue May/June 2004, USA)
. She has won a Portuguese Multimedia II Award (2005), two SXSW Web Awards nominations (2003 and 2004) a nomination in the 17th Stuttgart Filmwinter New Media Award (2004).". American Institute of Graphic Arts's (AIGA, Cincinnati) has noted her work with a Top Design Site Award, MSN.com with
a Site of the Week and Yahoo! a New and Notable mention.
De Barros is also involved in the design industry, having led a speaker/workshop session about the behind-the-scenes work on her visual poems and films at the OFFF04 convention held in Valencia, Spain. She has continued to do lectures about web design at universities in Portugal.
Interviews
Poetry from Portugal - H2O Magazine
Web Gurus Interviews - Erudition
References
External links
Breathewords - studio website
Scene 360 - online film and arts magazine
1976 births
Living people
People from Caldas da Rainha
21st-century Canadian poets
Flash artists
Canadian digital artists
Women digital artists
Web designers
Barros, Adriana de
Canadian illustrators
21st-century Portuguese poets
Canadian women poets
Canadian people of Portuguese descent
21st-century Canadian women writers
Barros, Adriana de
21st-century Canadian women artists
Women graphic designers
Electronic literature writers
Edward Tourtellotte Kenney (July 19, 1888 – September 18, 1974) was a merchant, real estate and insurance agent and political figure in British Columbia. He represented Skeena in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 1933 to 1953 in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia as a Liberal.
He was born in Clark's Harbour, Nova Scotia in 1888, the son of Daniel V. Kenney and Margaret C. Newell, and was educated in Yarmouth. In 1915, Kenney married Janet Leila Brooks. He operated a hardware store. Kenney was a stipendiary magistrate at Terrace from 1922 to 1933. Kenney served in the provincial cabinet as Minister of Lands and Forests and Minister of Public Works. From 1941 to 1952, he was a member of the Liberal-Conservative coalition in the provincial assembly. In 1958, he was an unsuccessful candidate for a seat in the Canadian House of Commons. He died on September 18, 1974.
The Kenney Dam on the Nechako River was named after him.
References
1888 births
1974 deaths
British Columbia Liberal Party MLAs
Members of the Executive Council of British Columbia
{{safesubst:#invoke:RfD|||month = August
|day = 24
|year = 2022
|time = 16:30
|timestamp = 20220824163048
|content=
REDIRECT Cherry Hill
}}
The Hațeg Country Dinosaurs Geopark has been established in 2004–05 in the general area of the prehistoric Hațeg Island, a large offshore island in the Tethys Sea which existed during the late Cretaceous period, probably from the Cenomanian to the Maastrichtian ages.
Description
The park is part of the European Geoparks Network and it aims to promote the local values, to ensure the restoration of the monuments, to identify and document the local traditions and to educate and inform the local communities on how to preserve the local cultural identity.
The Hațeg Country is a territory that hosts probably the richest cultural patrimony of Romania. Here are found some of the oldest churches from north of the Danube, the largest concentration of medieval sites and monuments in Romania and a big number of architectural monuments, all included in the National Patrimony.
The communities from the region are keepers of important local traditions enriched with elements of the foreign cultures that have interacted with the region throughout its history.
See also
Hațeg Island
European Geoparks Network
References
External links
Hateg Country Dinosaurs Geopark – ROMANIA
Park history
Geography of Hunedoara County
Protected areas of Romania
The Sun Won't Set may refer to:
The Sun Won't Set (Desperate Housewives)
The Sun Won't Set, album by Anoushka Shankar
"The Sun Won't Set", song by Stephen Sondheim from A Little Night Music
"The Sun Won't Set", song by Anoushka Shankar, composed by Anoushka Shankar / Nitin Sawhney
"Taiyō wa shizumanai" (太陽は沈まない) song by The Alfee, theme song for the Fuji network drama Shomuni FINAL
William Chapman is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.
Chapman scored the first of his 2 international goals on his full All Whites debut in a 2–4 loss to Australia on 5 June 1933 and played a total of four A-internationals, all against Australia, his final cap an appearance in a 1–7 loss on 4 July 1936.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
New Zealand association footballers
New Zealand international footballers
Association footballers not categorized by position
The Dr. H. A. Longino House is a historic house at 317 West Main Street in Magnolia, Arkansas. The two-story brick structure was built in 1910 for a prominent local doctor, and is one of a small number of surviving designs known to have been created by Eugene C. Seibert, a prominent local architect of the period. When built, it was one of the most imposing houses in the town. It is three bays wide, and is finished in salmon-colored brick, with a terracotta roof. It has a large front porch, which is terminated at one end by a porte-cochere. Stylistically, the house represents a transition between the revival styles of the 19th century and the Craftsman styling which became popular in the following decades.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. In April 2019, the owners deeded this property to South Arkansas Heritage Museum, Inc., a non-profit historical museum based in Magnolia, AR. Columbia County Arkansas Property Tax Records (https://www.arcountydata.com/propsearch.asp?county=Columbia)
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Columbia County, Arkansas
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Houses completed in 1910
Houses in Columbia County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Columbia County, Arkansas
1910 establishments in Arkansas
American Craftsman architecture in Arkansas
Historic house museums in Arkansas
Magnolia, Arkansas
Dr. Mohamed Abou El-Ghar, also spelled Abul-Ghar, or Aboulghar (, ; born 2 July 1940 in Shibin El Kom, Egypt) is an Egyptian professor of gynecology at Cairo University and a political activist.
Abou El-Ghar studied medicine at the Cairo University, and received his doctoral degree in 1969. As a doctor, he acquired prominence as Egypt's pioneer of in vitro fertilisation. During the rule of Hosni Mubarak, he founded with other professors the "March 9th Movement for the Independence of Universities" against the security control on the Egyptian universities. During the Egyptian Revolution of 2011, he demanded democratisation of Egyptian universities.
After the 2011 Egyptian revolution Abou El-Ghar founded with some Egyptian political activists, including Amr Hamzawy, and Daoud Abdel Sayed, the left liberal Egyptian Social Democratic Party. Moreover, he is a spokesman of the National Association for Change close to Mohamed ElBaradei.
He has been on the board of trustees of the Sawiris Foundation for Social Development
References
External links
CV on his IVF center's website
Profile on Al-Ahram Weekly On-line
Presentation on Youm7.com
Living people
Cairo University alumni
People of the Egyptian revolution of 2011
1940 births
Members of the Egyptian Constituent Assembly of 2012
Egyptian Social Democratic Party politicians
Egyptian nationalists
Egyptian revolutionaries
Egyptian political party founders
Seven minutes in heaven (or seven minutes in the closet) is a kissing party game mostly played at teenage parties. The game may also be played with a different duration.
The game
Two people are selected to go into a closet or other dark enclosed space and do whatever they like for seven minutes. It is common for the participants to kiss or make out, but they may instead choose to talk, engage in sexual activity, or simply do nothing at all and wait for the time to expire.
The participants can be selected by various methods, such as spinning a bottle, drawing lots, or votes.
The game has been recorded as early as 1953.
In popular culture
The game has been played or referenced in movies such as Seven Minutes in Heaven (1985), Teen Wolf (1985), 13 Going on 30 (2004), and Good Luck Chuck (2007). TV or web series to feature the game include the Boy Meets World episode "Fear Strikes Out" (1994), the Family Guy episode "And the Wiener Is..." (2001), the King of the Hill episode "Get Your Freak Off" (2002), the Bernie Mac Show episode "The Talk" (2004), the Paris Hilton's My New BFF episode "You Gotta Have Class" (2008), the web series 7 Minutes in Heaven with Mike O'Brien (2011), season 5 episode 8 of The Big Bang Theory "The Isolation Permutation" (2011-2012), season 7 episode 18 of Modern Family "The Party" (2015–16), the Daredevil episode "Seven Minutes in Heaven" (2016), the Sucks! episode "Romeo & Juliet in Space" (2018), the Uncle series 2 episode "Seven Minutes in Heaven" (2015) (set in Halloween), the Adventure Time episode "Slumber Party Panic" (2010) and the Little Fires Everywhere episode "Picture Perfect" (2020). In the horror-comedy The Babysitter: Killer Queen, the male and female leads play "2 Minutes in Heaven" with three other teenagers, the host claiming two minutes is "more realistic."
Musical references to the game include the Fall Out Boy song "7 Minutes in Heaven (Atavan Halen)" (2005) and in the Britney Spears song "Slumber Party" (2016).
Theatrical references to the game include the Steven Levenson play Seven Minutes in Heaven (2009).
References
Kissing games
Party games
The Jeep Hurricane is a bespoke custom concept vehicle that was unveiled at the 2005 North American International Auto Show in Detroit by American automaker Jeep. Its principal exterior designer was Aaron Pizzuti. The concept went on to win IDEA Silver Award, a Popular Science "Best of what's new" award, and an Autoweek Editor's Choice award in the "Most Fun" category.
Specifications
The Hurricane is powered by twin 5.7 L HEMI V8 engines which each produce and of torque, for a total of and of torque. Power is sent to all 4 wheels through a 5-speed automatic transmission. The Hurricane is equipped with automatic cylinder deactivation for both engines, which deactivates cylinders in sets of 4, allowing the Hurricane to run on 16, 12, 8 or 4 of its total cylinders. It is capable of accelerating from 0-60 mph (0–97 km/h) in 4.9 seconds. The Hurricane features a Chrysler designed and patented four-wheel steering system, which was outsourced to MillenWorks, and features two selectable modes. The first mode turns all 4 wheels in the same direction, allowing the Hurricane to move sideways. The second mode allows it to turn the front and back sets of wheels in opposite directions at equal angles, achieving a turning radius of zero feet (ZTR) and allowing the Hurricane to drive in a circle while staying in one spot. The Hurricane's one-piece body is composed largely of light-weight structural carbon fiber. Its skid plate is an aluminum spine that connects the chassis to the underside of the vehicle. The Hurricane doesn't have side doors or a roof, and there is only seating for two people. The driver and passenger enter the vehicle over bulkheads on each side.
Dimensions
Front Overhang: 25.0 inches (635 mm)
Rear Overhang: 18.7 inches (475 mm)
Track, Frt/Rr: 67.5/67.5 inches (1,715/1,715 mm)
Transfer Case: Custom multi-mode with 1:1, 2:1 and 4:1 ratios
Front and Rear Suspension: Long-travel, short/long arm independent
Ground Clearance: 14.3 inches (363 mm)
Break-Over Angle: 31.5 degrees
Approach/Depart Angle: 64.0/86.7 degrees
Tire Size: 305/70R20 (all four)
Wheel Size: 20x10 inches (51x25 cm)
References
External links
Hurricane
All-wheel-drive vehicles
Stuart Cameron is Senior Lecturer at School of Architecture, Planning & Landscape, Newcastle University in the United Kingdom. He has been the first Director of Global Urban Research Unit.
A sociologist and town planner by background, his current research and publications are on area-based regeneration, urban regeneration, social exclusion and housing and the linkages between them. His current works focus on the housing systems, social inclusion, and implications of policies involving the physical restructuring of unpopular neighbourhoods with a European comparative element.
Research projects
Studies of minority ethnic housing, housing association development in rural areas.
Scoping report on social inclusion in the North East England.
Regeneration research for the DETR and ODPM (now Department for Communities and Local Government) on Co-ordination of Area-based Initiatives.
DEMOLOGOS Project on Development Models and Logics of Socioeconomic Organization
KATARSIS Project on Growing Inequality and Social Innovation: Alternative Knowledge and Practice in Overcoming Social Exclusion in Europe.
Prominent publications
"From Low Demand to Rising Aspirations: Housing Market Renewal within Regional and Neighbourhood Regeneration Policy," Housing Studies, Vol. 21, No. 1, 3–16, January 2006.
"Strategic partnerships and area-based initiatives; West Cumbria in comparative context" in R Wylie(ed): Governance in a Stakeholder Society, Whitehaven: Westlakes Research Institute. 2004.
See also
Global Urban Research Unit
Social innovation
References
External links
Personal Profile
Academics of Newcastle University
British sociologists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Acrapex brunnea is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae first described by George Hampson in 1910. It is found in Africa, including Angola, Kenya and South Africa.
The wingspan is 20–30 mm.
Description
Head and thorax dark brown slightly mixed with ochreous; thorax ochreous tinged with rufous; pectus and legs ochreous mixed with brown; abdomen ochreous suffused with brown. Forewing ochreous, the costal area suffused with red brown leaving slight pale streaks on the veins; a diffused brown streak along median nervure and thence to the subterminal oblique fascia, with two white points on it at lower angle of cell; a slight brown streak below base of cell; an oblique pale fascia from apex to discal fold with a diffused dark brown fascia below it from termen below apex to vein 3 with minute black streaks on it in the interspaces; a terminal series of slight black lunules; cilia ochreous mixed with brown and with brown line near base. Hindwing ochreous white, the veins and terminal area tinged with brown; a fine brown terminal line; cilia with a whitish with a slight brown line near base; the underside whitish with the costal and terminal areas sprinkled with reddish brown.
References
External links
Xyleninae
Moths of Africa
Moths of Madagascar
Insects of Uganda
Insects of Angola
Insects of Zimbabwe
Moths described in 1910
Fausto Vallejo y Figueroa (born May 17, 1949 in Morelia, Michoacán) is a Mexican lawyer, politician, a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) and former governor of Michoacán. He has served three times as mayor of Morelia, Michoacán (1994–1995, 2002–2004 and 2008–2011). On June 18, 2014, he announced he was stepping down as governor to take care of his health.
Vallejo ran for the governorship of Michoacán in the November 13, 2011, gubernatorial election. According to the official results he won the election with 35.39% of the votes, Vallejo narrowly defeated PAN gubernatorial candidate Luisa María Calderón, the sister of Mexican President Felipe Calderón, by less than 3% of the vote. Calderón, who led most opinion polls prior to the election, alleged that drug traffickers based in Michoacán had helped tip the election in Fausto Vallejo's favor. A third candidate, Silvano Aureoles of the Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD), placed a distant third with 29%.
Fausto Vallejo stepped down temporarily for health reasons on March 7, 2013, and Jesús Reyna García took over as interim governor. Vallejo returned to work on March 18 but participated in only two public events before asking for indefinite leave on April 9. After a liver transplant, he returned to work on October 21, 2013.
On behalf of federal government, Alfredo Castillo Cervantes cracked down on drug trafficking and violence in January 2014; Reyna García was arrested for possible ties to the Knights Templar Cartel in April. He was convicted a month later, and Vallejo announced that he planned to ask for permission to miss work for a health check.
In August 2014, Rodrigo Vallejo Mora, son of the governor, was arrested after a video surfaced of him meeting with Servando Gómez Martínez, fugitive leader of the Knights Templar Cartel, a criminal organization based in Michoacán. Governor Vallejo stated, "[D]icen por ahí que hay videos que involucran a alguien de mi familia con los criminales. Quiero decirles que en mi familia no hay delincuentes". ("They say that there are videos that show a member of my family with criminals. I want to tell you that there are no delincuents in my family.") He resigned on June 18 for health reasons.
External links
Official Web Page
Official Facebook profile
See also
List of municipal presidents of Morelia
References
20th-century Mexican lawyers
Governors of Michoacán
People from Morelia
Politicians from Michoacán
1949 births
Living people
Institutional Revolutionary Party politicians
20th-century Mexican politicians
21st-century Mexican politicians
Universidad Michoacana de San Nicolás de Hidalgo alumni
Dvorište Vivodinsko is a village near Ozalj, Karlovac County, Croatia.
Location
It is situated 23 km from Karlovac and 8 km northwest of Ozalj.
Historical population
References
Populated places in Karlovac County
Mariefred Sessions is the third extended play by Swedish singer-songwriter Erik Hassle, which was released in Sweden on 23 March 2011. The EP resulted from a collaboration between Hassle and two members of Swedish rock band Kent, Joakim Berg and Martin Sköld. Mariefred Sessions was primarily recorded in Martin Sköld's studio in Mariefred, Sweden. Two singles were released from the EP; "Are You Leaving" was released on 16 February 2011, and "Stay Away" was released on 6 July 2011.
Writing and production
The collaboration arose due to Kent lead singer Jocke Berg's desire to continue writing after Kent's summer tour of 2010. Hassle was contacted for a preliminary studio session, after which Kent's bass guitarist, Martin Sköld, also became involved in the project. The EP was written, recorded and produced between autumn 2010 and spring 2011.
Track listing
Charts
References
Erik Hassle albums
EPs by Swedish artists
2011 EPs
House Arrest is a 2021 Russian drama film directed by Aleksey German Jr. In June 2021, the film was selected to compete in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2021 Cannes Film Festival.
Cast
Merab Ninidze
Svetlana Khodchenkova
Aleksandra Bortich
Aleksandr Pal
Anna Mikhalkova
References
External links
2021 films
2021 drama films
2020s Russian-language films
Russian drama films
Films directed by Aleksei Alekseivich German
The London Women's Sevens is part of the London Sevens, and was first played in 2012 when the IRB promoted a Women's Challenge tournament that was hosted alongside the existing men's tournament.
In 2013 the tournament was an invitational event organised and sponsored by the RFU. The tournament was not held in 2014, but was reinstituted for the 2015 season as the first edition of the London Sevens to be a part of the World Rugby Women's Sevens Series.
Results
2012: IRB Women's Challenge
Twickenham, London 12–13 May 2012
Group A
26 - 5
28 - 17
41 - 0
21 - 12
22 - 0
19 - 14
Group B
14 - 15
19 - 10
54 - 0
0 - 19
29-0
5 - 24
Plate Semi Finals (5th-8th)
19-14
14-19
7th/8th Match
14-7
Plate final: 5th/6th Match
7-22
Group C
27 - 5
7 - 12
29 - 0
50 - 0
22 - 5
24 - 5
Bowl Semi Finals (9th-12th)
10-26
14-33
11th/12th Match
19-17
Bowl final:9th/10th Match
5-43
Quarter-finals (1st-8th)
19-10
17-0
10-0
19-0
Cup Semi Finals (1st-4th)
17-12 (AET)
14-12
3rd/4th place
19-14
Cup Final: 1st/2nd place
34-7
2013: Women's Invitational Sevens
Twickenham, London 11–12 May 2013
Pool A
38-0
12-14
17-5
33-0
7-0
19-20
Plate Semi Finals (5th-8th)
12-14
7-12
Plate final: 5th/6th Match
26-0
Pool B
12-5
22-5
14-17
17-0
24-10
10-5
Quarter-finals (1st-8th)
15-7
33-7
12-0
12-7
Cup Semi Finals (1st-4th)
28-7
17-12
Cup Final: 1st/2nd place
36-7
References
Women
World Rugby Women's Sevens Series tournaments
Rugby sevens competitions in Europe
2012 establishments in England
Recurring sporting events established in 2012
Women's sport in London
Alec Reid (23 November 1878 – 18 May 1952) was a South African international rugby union player who played as a forward.
He made 1 appearance for South Africa in 1903 scoring a try.
References
1878 births
1952 deaths
South African rugby union players
South Africa international rugby union players
Rugby union forwards
People from Swellendam
Western Province (rugby union) players
Mutiny Bay is a bay in the U.S. state of Washington. Part of Puget Sound, Mutiny Bay is located in Island County near the southern end of Whidbey Island, northwest of Useless Bay and adjoining Admiralty Inlet.
Mutiny Bay was named by the United States Coast Survey in 1855. No explanation was given for the choice of name.
On September 4, 2022, a floatplane crashed into Mutiny Bay while operating a flight from Friday Harbor Seaplane Base to Renton Municipal Airport. There were no survivors among the 9 passengers and pilot on board.
References
Bays of Island County, Washington
Bays of Washington (state)
Landforms of Puget Sound
The V-Dem Institute (Varieties of Democracy) is an independent research institute founded by Professor Staffan I. Lindberg in 2014 and is funded by a number of government organizations, World Bank and several research institutions. The headquarters of the project is based at the department of political science, University of Gothenburg, Sweden.
Varieties of Democracy is a new approach to conceptualizing and measuring democracy around the world. The V-Dem project distinguishes among five high-level principles of democracy: electoral, liberal, participatory, deliberative, and egalitarian, and collects data to measure these principles.
The dataset is updated, expanded, and released every year. Based on the current data, V-Dem publishes an annual Democracy Report that describes the state of democracy in the world. The Democracy Report, the dataset, scientific articles, and working papers are free to download on the institute's website that also features interactive graphic tools.
The V-Dem Institute's measures of democracy are the most elaborate and granular among several democracy indexes (such as the Polity data series and Freedom House's Freedom in the World). By 2020, the V-Dem index had "more than 470 indicators, 82 mid-level indices, and 5 high-level indices covering 202 polities from the period of 1789–2019." Each indicator is coded independently by at least five country experts. V-Dem uses methodological tools to deal with rating reliability and confidence intervals in the expert ratings. Political scientist Daniel Hegedus describes V-Dem as "as the most important provider of quantitative democracy data for scholarly research."
Democracy indices
V-Dem has 5 high level indices which correspond to each of the five high level principles of democracy it identifies.
The Electoral Democracy Index: This index measures the principle of electoral or representative democracy, including whether elections were free and fair, as well as the prevalence of a free and independent media. This index is part of all the other indices as a central component of democracy.
Liberal Democracy Index: This index incorporates measures of rule of law, checks and balances, and civil liberties along with the concepts measured in the electoral democracy index.
Participatory Democracy Index: This index measures the degree to which citizens participate in their own government through local democratic institutions, civil society organizations, direct democracy, and the concepts measured in the electoral democracy index.
Deliberative Democracy Index: This index measures the degree to which decisions are made in the best interest of the people as opposed to due to coercion or narrow interest groups, in addition to the basic electoral democracy index.
Egalitarian Democracy Index: This index measures the level of equal access to resources, power, and freedoms across various groups within a society, in addition to the level of electoral democracy.
Rankings
The table below shows how countries score on the 11th edition of V-Dem's Democracy indices in 2020.
Impact and usage
A variety of other organizations use V-Dem's dataset in the construction of their indicators. USAID's Journey to Self Reliance Country Roadmap uses V-Dem's data to inform three of its indicators: Liberal Democracy (from V-Dem's Liberal Democracy Index), Social Group Equality (from V-Dem's Social Group Equality in Respect for Civil Liberties) and Civil Society and Media Effectiveness (from V-Dem's Diagonal Accountability Index). The World Bank's Worldwide Governance Indicators also use V-Dem's data to inform their Control of Corruption indicator (includes V-Dem's Corruption index), Rule of Law Indicator (includes V-Dem's liberal component index), and the Voice and Accountability Indicator (includes V-Dem's Expanded freedom of expression, Freedom of association, and Clean elections indicators).
Digital Society Project
The Digital Society Project is a subset of indicators on V-Dem's survey which asks questions about the political status of social media and the internet. Specifically, the Digital Society Project measures a range of questions related to internet censorship, misinformation online, and internet shutdowns. This annual report includes 35 indicators assessing five areas: disinformation, digital media freedom, state regulation of digital media, polarization of online media, and online social cleavages. It has been updated each year starting in 2019, with data covering from 2000-2021. Similar to other expert analyses like Freedom House, these data are more prone to false positives when compared with remotely sensed data, such as that from Access Now or the OpenNet Initiative.
See also
Democracy index
References
Further reading
Max Fisher, "U.S. Allies Drive Much of World's Democratic Decline, Data Shows: Washington-aligned countries backslid at nearly double the rate of non-allies, data shows, complicating long-held assumptions about American influence" New York Times Nov 16, 2021
Vanessa A. Boese, Markus Eberhardt: Which Institutions Rule? Unbundling the Democracy-Growth Nexus, V-Dem Institute, Series 2022:131, February 2022
External links
Official website
Political research institutes
Research institutes in Sweden
University of Gothenburg
The 2022 Mari El Republic head election took place on 11 September 2022, on common election day. Acting Head Yury Zaitsev was elected for a full term.
Background
Chairman of the Moscow Oblast Court of Arbitration Alexander Yevstifeyev was appointed Head of Mari El in April 2017, replacing controversial 4-term incumbent Leonid Markelov. Officially an Independent, Yevstifeyev was nominated by United Russia as its head candidate in the following election, which he won with 88.27%, facing little opposition.
Despite a landslide victory in the head election, during Yevtufeyev's term United Russia ratings in the republic had slipped, as the party won only 37.5% of the vote in 2019 legislative election, while CPRF scored 27%. The ruling party suffered further defeats in the 2021 Russian legislative election: Communist incumbent Sergey Kazankov was reelected in Mari El constituency with 50.36%, and CPRF won by party lists with 36.3% to United Russia's 33.4%.
Aleksander Yevstifeyev allegedly took a leave of absence and asked for his resignation in February 2022 due to his lack of interest leading the region for another 5 years. Given United Russia poor performance in the republic, several candidates from opposition parties were considered for Yevstifeyev's replacement, including State Duma member Sergey Kazankov (CPRF) and State Duma Deputy Speaker Vladislav Davankov (New People). On 10 May Aleksandr Yevtifeyev resigned and President Vladimir Putin appointed Prime Minister of Kalmykia Yury Zaitsev as acting Head of Mari El.
Due to the start of Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 and subsequent economic sanctions the cancellation and postponement of direct gubernatorial elections was proposed. The measure was even supported by A Just Russia leader Sergey Mironov. Eventually, the postponement never occurred, as on 10 June State Assembly of the Mari El Republic called head election for 11 September 2022.
Candidates
Until 2022 only political parties could nominate candidates for head election in Mari El, however, in May 2022 Mari El State Assembly passed a law, allowing self-nomination in the head elections. Candidate for Head of Mari El should be a Russian citizen and at least 30 years old. Each candidate in order to be registered is required to collect at least 9% of signatures of members and heads of municipalities. Self-nominating candidates in addition should collect signatures of 1% of registered voters, or 5,320 people. Also gubernatorial candidates present 3 candidacies to the Federation Council and election winner later appoints one of the presented candidates.
Registered
Natalia Glushchenko (SR-ZP), Member of State Assembly of the Mari El Republic, 2017 head candidate
Anton Mirbadalev (LDPR), Member of State Assembly of the Mari El Republic
Yury Zaitsev (Independent), acting Head of Mari El, former Prime Minister of Kalmykia (2019-2022)
Valentina Zlobina (RPPSS), pensioner, 2017 head candidate
Did not file
Vasily Arisov (Independent), physician (failed to collect enough signatures)
Declined
Ivan Kazankov (CPRF), Member of State Assembly of the Mari El Republic, general director of Zvenigovsky sovkhoz, former Member of State Duma (1999-2003)
Sergey Kazankov (CPRF), Member of State Duma
Candidates for Federation Council
Natalia Glushchenko (SR-ZP):
Boris Gerasimov, former Member of the State Assembly of the Mari El Republic (2014-2019)
Aleksey Ivanov, ecological activist
Andrey Zabolotskikh, Member of the State Assembly of the Mari El Republic
Anton Mirbadalev (LDPR):
Albert Fyodorov, former Member of the Medvedevo Council of Deputies, 2017 head candidate
Dmitry Mikhaylov, self-employed
Aleksey Sherstobitov, Member of the Medvedevsky District Council of Deputies
Yury Zaitsev (Independent):
Konstantin Kosachev, incumbent Senator, Deputy Chairman of the Federation Council
Anatoly Smirnov, Chairman of the State Assembly of the Mari El Republic
Mikhail Vasyutin, First Deputy Chairman of the Government of Mari El
Valentina Zlobina (RPPSS):
Raisa Khakimova, pensioner
Marina Kochkina, pensioner
Lidia Tysko, pensioner
Finances
All sums are in rubles.
Results
|- style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;"
! style="text-align:left;" colspan=2| Candidate
! style="text-align:left;"| Party
! width="75"|Votes
! width="30"|%
|-
| style="background-color:;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Yury Zaitsev (incumbent)
| style="text-align:left;"| Independent
| 141,666
| 82.44
|-
| style="background-color:;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Anton Mirbadalev
| style="text-align:left;"| Liberal Democratic Party
| 13,567
| 7.90
|-
| style="background-color:|
| style="text-align:left;"| Natalia Glushchenko
| style="text-align:left;"| A Just Russia — For Truth
| 9,905
| 5.76
|-
| style="background-color:;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Valentina Zlobina
| style="text-align:left;"| Party of Pensioners
| 3,910
| 2.28
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="3"| Valid votes
| 169,048
| 98.37
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="3"| Blank ballots
| 2,794
| 1.62
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="3"| Total
| 171,842
| 100.00
|-
| style="background-color:#E9E9E9;" colspan="6"|
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="3"| Turnout
| 171,842
| 32.42
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="3"| Registered voters
| 530,019
| 100.00
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
Incumbent Senator Konstantin Kosachev (United Russia) was re-appointed to the Federation Council.
See also
2022 Russian gubernatorial elections
References
Mari El
Mari El
Politics of Mari El
Krasny () is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) and the administrative center of Krasninsky District of Smolensk Oblast, Russia, located at the confluence of the Svinaya and the Mereyka Rivers southwest of Smolensk. Population:
History
Krasny (originally Krasn or Krasen) is first mentioned in 1165 by the Hypatian Codex, when Davyd Rostislavich, Prince of Smolensk, gave Krasen to his nephew, Roman of Vitebsk. Between second half of the 14th century and the middle of the 17th century, the area belonged intermittently to the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, to Poland, and to the Grand Duchy of Moscow. Since 1654, it was finally transferred to the Tsardom of Russia.
In the course of the administrative reform carried out in 1708 by Peter the Great, the area was included into Smolensk Governorate and remained there until 1929, with the exception of the brief period between 1775 and 1796, when Smolensk Governorate was transformed into Smolensk Viceroyalty. The area belonged to Krasninsky Uyezd, which was established in 1775. In 1776, Krasny was granted town status. In 1796, the uyezd was abolished but it was re-established in 1802.
During the French invasion of Russia, Krasny played an important role, since the French army passed it twice en route to and from Russia. The battle in August 1812 was a lesser action of Murat's advance guard against the small retreating Russian rearguard of Dmitry Neverovsky. The French ran into unexpectedly strong resistance from the Russians. In his Napoleonic history, de Ségur wrote that Neverovsky retreated "like a lion".
At the Battle of Krasnoi in November 1812, the Russian army inflicted heavy losses on the remnants of the French Grande Armée. There are two monuments in Krasny commemorating that event, both erected in 1912.
On 12 July 1929, governorates and uyezds were abolished, and Krasninsky District with the administrative center in Krasny was established. Krasny did not retain the town status during Soviet times. The district belonged to Smolensk Okrug of Western Oblast. On August 1, 1930 the okrugs were abolished, and the districts were subordinated directly to the oblast. On 27 September 1937 Western Oblast was abolished and split between Oryol and Smolensk Oblasts. Krasninsky District was transferred to Smolensk Oblast. Between 1941 and 1943, during WWII, Krasny was occupied by German troops. On 1 February 1963, during the abortive Khrushchyov administrative reform, Krasninsky District was merged into Smolensky District, but in 1965 it was re-established.
Climate
Krasny has a warm-summer humid continental climate (Dfb in the Köppen climate classification).
<div style="width:70%;">
Economy
Industry includes flax and dairy processing, vegetable processing, and manufacture of drainage pipes.
Transportation
Krasny has access to M1 "Belarus" Highway and is additionally connected by paved roads with Smolensk and with Orsha (so-called Old Smolensk Road).
Culture and recreation
In Krasny, there is a museum of local lore, whose three exhibits include materials on the Patriotic War of 1812, Great Patriotic War of 1941–1945, and on modern life at the settlement.
On September 27, 2009, the "Walk of Heroes" history museum opened in Krasny.
References
Notes
Sources
Urban-type settlements in Smolensk Oblast
Smolensk Voivodeship
Krasninsky Uyezd
Myripristis violacea is a species of fish in the family Holocentridae found in the Indo-Pacific Ocean
Mypripristis violacea abides in coral - reefs in shallow, protected water of bays and lagoons. It stays in caves or crevices during daytime and searches for food at night. The known depth range for Myripristis violacea is 1-30m.
References
External links
violacea
Fish described in 1851
This is a partial chronological list of cases decided by the United States Supreme Court during the Rehnquist Court, the tenure of Chief Justice William Rehnquist from September 26, 1986, through September 3, 2005. The cases are listed chronologically based on the date that the Supreme Court decided the case.
References
External links
Booknotes interview with David Savage on Turning Right: The Making of the Rehnquist Supreme Court, June 28, 1992.
Rehnquist
List
The Richard-Gebert-Sportanlage was the home of Austrian football club SK Schwadorf until the club merged with VfB Admira Wacker Mödling in 2008.
References
Football venues in Austria
Manni is a department or commune of Gnagna Province in northern Burkina Faso. Its capital is the town of Manni.
Towns and villages
References
Departments of Burkina Faso
Gnagna Province
Dowreh () may refer to:
Dowreh County
Dowreh Rural District
Lizard's tail may refer to any of the following plants:
Crassula muscosa, also known as rattail crassula, watch chain, zipper plant, or princess pine, a succulent plant native to South Africa
Houttuynia cordata, also known as chameleon plant, heartleaf, fishwort, or bishop's weed, a herbaceous perennial plant native to East and Southeast Asia
Saururus cernuus, also known as water-dragon, dragon's tail and swamp root, a medicinal and ornamental plant native to eastern North America
Anemopsis californica, also known as yerba mansa, native to western North America
In the Tahitian story of Rata 'Aremata-Popoto ("tidal wave") and 'Aremata-Roroa ("long wave") are two ocean-dwelling monsters that Rata must overcome.
See also
Rātā (Māori mythology)
Laka for the Hawaiian equivalent
References
R.D. Craig, Dictionary of Polynesian Mythology (Greenwood Press: New York, 1989), 13-14;
T. Henry, Ancient Tahiti (Bernice P. Bishop Museum: Honolulu, 1928), 470–495.
Tahiti and Society Islands mythology
Senator Griego may refer to:
Eric Griego (born 1966), New Mexico State Senate
Phil Griego (born 1948), New Mexico State Senate
Moxhull Hall is a hotel, wedding and conference venue in Wishaw, near Sutton Coldfield, in Warwickshire, England.
The manor of Moxhull was owned by the Lisle family from the 16th century and later by the Hackett family. The last Andrew Hackett died in 1815 and his widow married Berkeley Octavious Noel, a grandson of the 4th Earl of Gainsborough. Their son sold the estate to Thomas Ryland.
The original manor house, which stood in Moxhull Park, now the site of The De Vere Belfry Hotel and Golf Centre, was destroyed by fire in about 1900. Losses in the fire included a fine oak staircase which had been installed from Kenilworth Castle in 1760.
The then Lord of the Manor, Howard Ryland, Lord Lieutenant of Warwickshire, built a new Manor House, Moxhull Hall, a short distance away at Holly Lane, Wishaw. His grandson, Thomas Howard Ryland, sold the estate in 1926 and it fell into the ownership of two other owners until, in 1969, Moxhull Hall was converted into a hotel.
References
A History of the County of Warwick, Volume 4 (1947) from British History Online
Country houses in Warwickshire
History of Warwickshire
Vincent Sarnelli (born 24 February 1962) is a French boxer. He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics. At the 1984 Summer Olympics, he lost to Moses Mwaba of Zambia.
References
1962 births
Living people
French male boxers
Olympic boxers of France
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Middleweight boxers
In language learning, the principal parts of a verb are those forms that a student must memorize in order to be able to conjugate the verb through all its forms. The concept originates in the humanist Latin schools, where students learned verbs by chanting them in the four key forms from which all other forms can be deduced, for example:
fero - ferre - tuli - latum ('to carry')
Not all languages have to be taught in this way. In French, for example, regular verbs can be deduced from a single form, the infinitive, and irregular verbs are too random to be systematized under fixed parts. But the concept can be carried over to many languages in which the verbs have some kind of "regular irregularity", i.e. irregularity always occurs at the same place in an otherwise regular system.
Although the term 'principal part' is usually applied to verbs, the same phenomenon can be found in some languages in nouns and other word types. It is normally restricted to regular verbs, nouns, etc., and applies to languages where the regular paradigm is based on more than one underlying form. It does not cover random irregularities.
Classical languages
Latin
In Latin, most verbs have four principal parts. For example, the verb for "to carry" is given as portō – portāre – portāvī – portātum, where portō is the first-person singular present active indicative ("I carry"), portāre is the present active infinitive ("to carry"), portāvī is the first-person singular perfect active indicative ("I carried"), and portātum is the neuter supine. Most of the verb forms in Latin derive from the first two principal parts: portābō, "I shall carry", is derived from the root portā-, taken from the present infinitive. However, all active perfect forms are derived from the third principal part (so portāveram, "I had carried", is taken from portāv-) while the perfect participle (portātus, portāta, portātum, "having been carried") is derived from the supine and is used to form the perfect passive participle with the auxiliary verb sum (such as portātum est, "it has been carried"). The auxiliary verb is often dropped when writing poetry in Latin.
For many Latin verbs, the principal parts are predictable: portō shown above uses a single stem, port-, and all principal parts are derived from them with the endings -ō – -āre – -āvī – -ātum. Others have more complicated forms: regō ("I rule") has the perfect form rēxī and perfect participle rēctum, derived as *reg-sī and *reg-tum. A handful of verbs, such as sum - esse - fuī - futūrum ("to be") are simply irregular.
A number of verbs have fewer than four principal parts: deponent verbs, such as hortŏr – hortāri – hortātus sum, "to exhort", lack a perfect form, as do semi-deponent verbs, such as audeō – audēre – ausus sum, "to dare"; in both cases, passive forms are treated as active, so all perfect forms are covered by the perfect participle. A handful of verbs are also defective, including the verb ōdī – ōdisse, "to hate", which only has perfect forms derived from a single stem.
Ancient Greek
Verbs in Ancient Greek have six principal parts: present (I), future (II), aorist (III), perfect (IV), perfect middle (V) and aorist passive (VI), each listed in its first-person singular form:
Part I forms the entire present system, as well as the imperfect.
Part II forms the future tense in the active and middle voices.
Part III forms the aorist in the active and middle voices.
Part IV forms the perfect and pluperfect in the active voice, and the (exceedingly rare) future perfect, active.
Part V forms the perfect and pluperfect in the middle voice, and the (rare) future perfect, middle.
Part VI forms the aorist and future in the passive voice.
One principal part can sometimes be predicted from another, but not with any certainty. For some classes of verbs, however, all principal parts can be predicted given the first one.
Germanic languages
English
Excluding four common irregular verbs, the principal parts of all other English verbs are the infinitive, preterite and past participle. All forms of these English verbs can be derived from the three principal parts. Four verbs have an unpredictable 3rd person singular form and the verb "to be" is so irregular it has seven separate forms. Lists or recitations of principal parts in English often omit the third principal part's auxiliary verb, rendering it identical to its grammatically distinct participial form. For example, the verb "to take" has the principal parts take–took–(have) taken. The verb "to bet" has bet–bet–(have) bet and the verb "to break" has break–broke–(have) broken. With irregular verbs the simple present 3S (he, she, it) is derived from infinitive+'s' with the exception of spelling changes such as: catch-catches, fly-flies and teach-teaches, which follow the same rules for regular 3S verbs.
Examples of irregular verbs and their principal parts
Regular verbs
Most verbs are regular enough that all forms can be derived directly from the infinitive. For example, the verb love derives all its forms systematically (love, loved, loving, has loved, loves), and since these can all be deduced from the basic form (the citation, dictionary, or lexicographic form, which in English is the bare infinitive), no other principal parts have to be learned. With irregular verbs like the verb sing, on the other hand, the forms sang and (have) sung cannot be deduced, so the learner of English must memorize three principal parts, sing–sang–(have) sung. The present 3S (he/she/it) is derived from the infinitive+'s' with the exception of verbs ending in a single -o, or ending in -s, -x, -z or the digraphs -sh, -ch, in which case it is derived from 'infinitive+es'. With three irregular verbs (and their derivatives) the 3S has to be learnt independently (e.g. has, does, undoes, redoes).
Highly irregular verbs
There are three verbs (and their derivatives) were three principal parts are insufficient to conjugate them fully having an irregular third-person singular form in the present tense (in spelling and/or pronunciation).
To be
The verb "to be" is completely irregular having seven separate forms.
German
The situation in German is very similar to English. Regular verbs require no memorizing of principal parts, since all forms can be deduced from the infinitive. However, some uncertainty may exist as to the choice of the perfect auxiliary, which could be haben ('to have') or sein ('to be'). This can be solved by memorizing the infinitive with the third-person singular perfect tense, which some teachers recommend.
tanzen - er hat getanzt
Strong verbs and irregular weak verbs are more complicated. As in English, these verbs are usually memorized by means of three principal parts: infinitive – third-person singular past tense – third-person singular perfect tense.
singen - sang - gesungen ('to sing' - a typical strong verb)
bringen - brachte - gebracht ('to bring' - an irregular weak verb)
However, in order to deduce the full paradigm, learners must also know the third-person singular present and the third-person singular past subjunctive, which involve some peculiarities.
A small number of verbs have other irregularities, most of which are limited to the forms of the present tense.
Icelandic
There are four types of principal parts in the Icelandic language, determined by the type of verb:
Weak verbs
Icelandic weak verbs have the following principal parts:
It is possible to make the present subjunctive mood (þótt ég borði, "though I eat") from the first principal part (að borða, "to eat"). It is also possible to make the past subjunctive mood (þótt ég borðaði, "though I ate") from the second principal part (ég borðaði, "I ate").
In some other classes of weak verbs without 'a' as the thematic vowel, the present indicative singular undergoes more changes, but they are still to a large extent predictable.
Strong verbs
Icelandic strong verbs have the following principal parts:
It is possible to make the present subjunctive mood (þótt ég finni, "though I find") from the first principal part (að finna, "to find"). It is also possible to make the past subjunctive mood (þótt ég fyndi, "though I found") from the third principal part (við fundum, "we found").
The present singular indicative in this class also undergoes more changes(i-umlaut, dental suffix assimilation etc.), which may let some verbs seem irregular at first glance. They are, however, mainly regular changes, like those in the weak verbs.
Preterite-present verb
Icelandic Preterite-present verbs have the following principal parts:
It is possible to make the present subjunctive mood (þótt ég kunni, "though I knew") from the first principal part (að kunna, "to know"). It is also possible to make the past subjunctive mood (þótt ég kynni, "though I knew") from the third principal part (ég kunni, "I knew").
Ri-verbs
Icelandic Ri-verbs have the following principal parts:
It is possible to make the present subjunctive mood (þótt ég snúi, "though I turn") from the first principal part (að snúa, "to turn"). It is also possible to make the past subjunctive mood (þótt ég sneri, "though I turned") from the second principal part (ég sneri, "I turned").
Others
Spanish
Excluding a few highly irregular verbs, in Spanish, verbs are traditionally held to have only one principal part, the infinitive, by which one can classify the verb into one of three conjugation paradigms (according to the ending of the infinitive, which may be -ar, -er or -ir). However, some scholars believe that the conjugation could be regularized by adding another principal part to vowel-alternating verbs, which shows the alternation. For example, herir "to hurt" is usually considered irregular because its conjugation contains forms like hiero "I hurt", hieres "you hurt", where the vowel in the root changes into a diphthong. However, by including the first-person singular, present tense, indicative mood form (hiero) as a principal part, and noting that the diphthong appears only when that syllable is stressed, the conjugation of herir becomes completely predictable.
French
Regular verbs are formed from a single principal part (the infinitive), and all conjugations derive from this one principal part. A handful of verbs require spelling changes in which case it can be considered that these verbs technically have two or three principal parts depending on how many spelling changes need to be made. They include doubling a consonant, adding accent markers, adding the letter e, and converting letters for example y becoming i.
Seven principal parts
Irregular verbs are markedly more complicated, requiring seven principal parts of which few can be easily derived from the infinitive. For some verbs a few of their principal parts are identical with one another.
The paradigm goes as follows:
1 The -t is regularly dropped when directly following a d or t (e.g. il vend "he sells", not *il vendt).
Example with plaire
Verbs with 11 principal parts
A few highly irregular verbs require 11 principal parts to conjugate them fully. It includes all of the seven principal parts as well as a subjunctive form and different present participle forms, imperative forms and present-participle forms.
Fully irregular verbs
The verbs être, avoir and aller are so irregular they require even more than 11 principal parts.
Scottish Gaelic
In Scottish Gaelic there are two principal parts for the regular verb: the imperative and the verbal noun, for example – 'to kiss'. All finite forms can be deduced from the imperative ('kiss!'), all non-finite forms from the verbal noun ('kissing'). The ten irregular verbs can, with only two or three small aberrations (unexpected lenition), be deduced from four principal parts.
Ganda
The principal parts of a Ganda verb are the imperative (identical to the verb stem), the first-person singular of the present tense and the modified stem. For example, the verb okwogera 'to speak' has the principal parts yogera–njogera–yogedde.
The present tense, far past tense, near future tense, far future tense, subjunctive and infinitive are derived from the imperative. The present perfect, conditional and near past tense are derived from the modified stem.
In theory the second principal part can be derived from the first, but in practice this is so complicated that it is usually memorised as a separate principal part.
(See also Ganda verbs.)
See also
Regular and irregular verbs
Grammatical conjugation
Latin conjugation
Root (linguistics)
Lemma (morphology)
References
Units of linguistic morphology
Grammar
Alfonso Menéndez Vallín (born 31 May 1966 in Avilés, Asturias) is a Spanish archer and Olympic champion. He competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, where he won a gold medal with the Spanish archery team, together with teammates Antonio Vázquez and Juan Holgado.
References
1966 births
People from Avilés
Living people
Spanish male archers
Olympic archers of Spain
Archers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Spain
Olympic medalists in archery
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Asturias
Mehdi Karbalaei (, born 8 March 1993) is an Iranian football defender.
References
Living people
1993 births
Iranian footballers
Esteghlal F.C. players
Gostaresh Foulad F.C. players
Association football defenders
Peter of Ickham (died 4 May 1295), was an English chronicler.
Biography
Ickham is said to have derived his name from the village of Ickham, near Canterbury; Bale and Pits state that he spent much time at the university of Paris, in close literary intimacy with Philip, the chancellor of the university (i.e. apparently Philippe de Grève, chancellor from 1218 to 1237). The compilers of the 'Hist. Littér, de la France' say he was invited to France by Philip III.
On leaving Paris he seems to have become a monk at Canterbury. Bale and Pits quote Leland's 'Collectanea' for the statement that he flourished in 1274, but the printed copies of Leland do not contain the passage; the name appears in a list of the monks of the priory of Canterbury under the year 1294. A Peter of Ickham, however, according to an obituary of the monks of Christ Church, Canterbury, by Thomas Cowston, died in 1289, but another manuscript in the same library (Wharton MS. iii. ap. Tanner) says he died in 1295.
Ickham is usually regarded, apparently on the authority of Dr. Caius, as the author of the meagre and somewhat confused chronicle entitled 'Chronicon de Regibus Angliæ successive regnantibus a tempore Bruti' (or 'Compilatio de Gestis Britonum et Anglorum'), extant (with continuations) in thirteen or fourteen manuscripts, terminating at various dates between 1272 and 1471; but the chronicle shows signs of having been written at Worcester rather than at Canterbury (Hardy, u.s.) Bale and Pits also ascribe to Ickham's Genealogies of the Kings of Britain and England, written in French during his stay in Paris. They probably refer to the two treatises 'Le livere de reis de Brittame' and 'Le livere de reis de Engleterre,' which were edited by Mr. Glover in 1865 for the Rolls Series. They contain, however, no distinct indication of their authorship.
References
Year of birth missing
13th-century English writers
English chroniclers
People from Canterbury
English male non-fiction writers
1295 deaths
13th-century Latin writers
The Good Old Days () was a television drama produced by Hong Kong broadcaster Asia Television in 1996. It was first aired from 15 April 1996 to 20 September 1996. The series is one of several ATV series that was well received in viewership ratings. After the network shut down in 2015, broadcasting rights along with many other ATV dramas were sold to rival network TVB for 17 million HKD.
Plot
The drama series takes place around the days of the Nationalists' Republic of China, and also Warlord Era and World War II. The era itself was considered as the most turbulent period in China's modern history. It depicts how the three women, Sau Hau, Man Fung and Ding Man, strive for their own way of living during this time.
The story begins in a small village in the 1920s with Sau Hau (Amy Chan) becoming a servant for the powerful Fong family who owns a winery. The Fong family takes a liking to her and arranges a marriage between her and their eldest son, Ho Sang (Steve Ma) who is away on a trip in Guangzhou. Meanwhile, while on his trip, Ho Sang meets Man Fung (Sheren Tang) who has just been sold by her mother from the village unknowingly into prostitution. Ho Sang saves her just in time and the two begin a relationship. When Ho Sang returns to his village, he is furious at the arranged marriage to Sau Hau but eventually agrees due to his mother's illness. He is extremely cold to Sau Hau and distances himself from her, while continuing to see Man Fung when he returns to Guangzhou for work and tells her that he does not have feelings for Sau Hau. However, as time progresses, he eventually warms up to Sau Hau and begins a relationship with her with Man Fung unaware. Sau Hau's friend, Pui Pui (Kiki Sheung) is forcibly sold by her father and married to a local abusive warlord as his sixth wife.
Ho Sang makes the decision to enlist in the army for the Northern Expedition and leaves his home behind to the disapproval of Man Fung, Sau Hau, and his family. Later, Man Fung and Sau Hau both discover they are pregnant. When Man Fung returns home to her mother, she is discovered by the village and almost killed by Sai Fan (Paul Chun) for being pregnant as a single woman. She reveals that the baby is Ho Sang's and hence, Sai Fan's grandchild. Sau Hau saves her and Ho Sang writes a letter home to confirm this. Man Fung is married into the Fong family as Ho Sang's second wife but is disliked by the family especially when Sau Hau has a miscarriage after saving her. Conflicts arise between Sau Hau and Man Fung but they begin to form a strong understanding of each other and develop a friendship.
When the Fong family loses their business and goes bankrupt, Sau Hau and Man Fung go to Guangzhou to try to start a business for the family. After months of failure, they come across a woman of high status, Fung Chi (Lee Heung Kam) who admires them for their work in sewing. They collaborate to start a fabric company together and the Fong family comes to Guangzhou as their business thrives. Meanwhile, Ho Sang has been declared dead. Sau Hau and Man Fung are distraught. Man Fung develops feelings for Sai Bong (Vincent Lam), Fung Chi's son. Pui Pui begins working for the Fong family after her abusive husband disappears and later marries Sai Fan as his third wife.
Years later, Ho Sang returns home, married to Ding Man (Maggie Shiu), a nurse he met during his time in the north. He had been suffering from amnesia until recently. Man Fung asks for a divorce and marries Sai Bong while joining his business. The Japanese Army invades Guangzhou and part of the Fong family heads to Hong Kong, only to return, after Japan decides to attack Hong Kong. Pui Pui goes missing on the journey and is presumed dead. Ho Sang discovers his friend Lok Ping (Wong Chong Kwan), who he met during the Northern Expedition, is a guerrilla helping the Chinese Army. Sai Bong and Man Fung are forced into collaborating with the Japanese Army, but secretly help Lok Ping. However, other guerrillas assassinate Sai Bong for being a traitor, not yet realizing he is a double agent.
Ho Sang is suspected of being a guerrilla and is arrested by the Japanese Army. Due to negotiations, he is sent away to do hard labour instead of being executed. As World War II comes to an end in 1945, Man Fung, her daughter, and Fung Chi go to Hong Kong due to the risk of them being deemed as traitors. Pui Pui is revealed to be alive. Ding Man divorces Ho Sang and marries Lok Ping. Sau Hau reunites with Ho Sang and the two are seen still alive together in the year 2000.
Cast
Tse Family
Gam San as Tse Yang (Father)
Yiu Chi Kwan as Yang Qiao (Mother)
Amy Chan as Tse Sau Hau
Phyllis Man as Tse Sau Ling (Sau Hau's 2nd sister)
Annie Lee as Tse Sau Lai (adult)
Chun Ka Wai as Tse Tin (adult)
Fong Family
Paul Chun as Fong Sai Fan
Nam Hung as Elder Mother (Ho Sang's mother, deceased due to illness. Fong Sai Fan's 1st wife)
Bao Hei Jing as Yim Ha (Ho Man's mother, Fong Sai Fan's 2nd wife)
Kiki Sheung as Shek Pui Pui (Fong Sai Fan's 3rd Wife)
Steve Ma as Fong Ho Sang (Fong's eldest son with his first wife)
Gilbert Lam as Fong Ho Man
Cheung Family
Tam Bing Man as Man Fung's father
Ng Yuen Yee as Man Fung's mother (also served as Fong Family as head of servant. Ho Sang's mother in-law.)
Sheren Tang as Cheung Man Fung (Ho Sang's 2nd wife, later divorced and marries Wai Sai Bong)
Other cast
Vincent Lam as Wai Sai Bong
Lee Heung Kam as Kam Fung Chi (Sai Bong's mother)
Maggie Siu as Ding Man (Ho Sang's 3rd wife, later separated with him and married with Lok Ping, Ho Sang's friend during his military tour of duty)
Wong Chong Kwan as Lok Ping
Renee Dai as Fong Hiu Wah, Man Fung's daughter (teenager)
Wong Wan Choi as Dr. Ling
Wong Oi Yiu as Fong Hiu Wah, Man Fung's daughter (adult)
Michael Huang as Lo Ping
Production
Filming took place in the district of Doumen in Zhuhai.
Release
The drama consisted of 105 episodes and was broadcast every Monday to Friday at 10 to 11 pm from 15 April 1996 to 20 September 1996 on ATV. The series was rebroadcast in 2007 and 2014 on the network. Broadcasting rights were sold to TVB in 2015.
EBC purchased the broadcasting rights for Taiwan and was broadcast on the network in 1997.
References
The Good Old Day HKATV website (Chinese)
Review of the drama, spcnet.tv
Hong Kong television soap operas
Hong Kong drama television series
Asia Television original programming
Hong Kong television series
1996 Hong Kong television series debuts
1990s Hong Kong television series
1996 Hong Kong television series endings
Television shows set in Guangdong
Dalrymple County, Queensland
is one of the 318 counties of Queensland, Australia.
The county came into existence in the 19th century, and on 8 March 1901, the Governor of Queensland issued a proclamation legally dividing Queensland into counties under the Land Act 1897.
Like all counties in Queensland, it is a non-functional administrative unit, that is used mainly for the purpose of registering land titles. From 30 November 2015, the government no longer referenced counties and parishes in land information systems however the Museum of Lands, Mapping and Surveying retains a record for historical purposes.
The entire county is incorporated, with the seat of local government in Charters Towers, Queensland
Climate
The county
has a hot semi-arid climate (Köppen climate classification: BSh), with distinct seasons. Summers are hot and often rainy, whereas winters are mild and dry with low humidity.
See also
Charters Towers Courthouse
References
Counties of Queensland
The blue-rumped pitta (Hydrornis soror) is a species of bird in the family Pittidae. It is found in Cambodia, China, Laos, Thailand, and Vietnam. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
Taxonomy
The blue-rumped pitta was described by the English naturalist Robert George Wardlaw-Ramsay in 1881 from a specimen collected in Saigon, Cochinchina. He introduced the binomial name Pitta (Hydrornis) soror with Hydrornis as a subgenus. The specific epithet soror is Latin for "sister" (that is "closely related").
Five subspecies are recognised:
H. s. tonkinensis (Delacour, 1927) – south China and north Vietnam
H. s. douglasi (Ogilvie-Grant, 1910) – Hainan island (off southeast China)
H. s. petersi (Delacour, 1934) – central Laos and north central Vietnam
H. s. soror (Wardlaw-Ramsay, RG, 1881) – south Laos and central and south Vietnam
H. s. flynnstonei (Rozendaal, 1993) – east Thailand and south Cambodia
References
blue-rumped pitta
Birds of Hainan
Birds of Laos
Birds of Cambodia
Birds of Vietnam
blue-rumped pitta
blue-rumped pitta
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 1922 Duquesne Dukes football team represented Duquesne University during the 1922 college football season. The head coach was Harold Ballin, coaching his first season with the Dukes.
Schedule
References
Duquesne
Duquesne Dukes football seasons
College football winless seasons
Duquesne Dukes football
Sergey Morozov may refer to:
Sergey Morozov (fighter) (born 1989), Russian mixed martial artist
Sergei Borisovich Morozov (born 1989), Russian footballer who played at the 2006 Euro U-17 tournament
Sergey Morozov (racewalker) (born 1988), Russian race walker
Sergey Ivanovich Morozov (born 1959), Russian politician
Serhiy Morozov (1950 – 2021), Soviet international football player and Ukrainian football coach
Serhiy N. Morozov (born 1961), Ukrainian football player who was the best scorer of Estonian league in 1994–1995 season
Sergey Morozov, businessman, creator of Grand Maket Rossiya, private museum.
The Mendoza Line is baseball jargon for a sub-.200 batting average, the supposed minimum threshold for competence at the Major League level. It derives from light-hitting shortstop Mario Mendoza, who failed to reach .200 five times in his nine big league seasons. When a position player's batting average falls below .200, the player is said to be "below the Mendoza Line".
Origin
Mendoza, a lightly used shortstop from Chihuahua, Mexico, played for three franchises during his Major League career. While his fielding was adequate, his hitting was not. His batting average was between .180 to .199 in three of his first four seasons in the big leagues (1974 to 1977).
When he again had trouble staying above .200 in 1979 teammates began to chide him. "...Tom Paciorek and Bruce Bochte used it to make fun of me," Mendoza said in 2010. "Then they were giving George Brett a hard time because he had a slow start that year, so they told him, 'Hey, man, you're going to sink down below the Mendoza Line if you're not careful.' And then Brett mentioned it to Chris Berman from ESPN, and eventually it spread and became a part of the game."
Berman deflects credit back to Brett in popularizing the term. "Mario Mendoza? It's all George Brett," Berman said. "We used it all the time in those 1980s SportsCenters. It was just a humorous way to describe how someone was hitting."
Mendoza ended up finishing 1979 below his own "line", at .198. His hitting improved modestly in 1980 and 1981, enough that even with another sub-.200 in his final season of 1982 he was able to raise his career batting average to .215.
Similar term
Another term used in baseball to indicate that a hitter is hitting below the Mendoza Line is that he is "on the interstate". It derives from the syntax of the U.S.
Interstate Highway System, which begins with the abbreviation "I" for "Interstate", followed by two numerals for major routes - such as "I-95" and "I-80", expressions which superficially resemble sub-.200 batting averages."
Use outside of baseball
The term is also used outside of baseball to convey a similar connotation of unacceptably subpar performance:
"The U.S. 10-year note yield declined below 2%... before moving back above the Mendoza Line... to 2.09% by early afternoon."
"A sub-$2,000 per theater average... is the Mendoza Line of box office numbers..."
"Republican pollster Neil Newhouse... argues that these numbers have crossed below the political 'Mendoza line'..."
On an episode of How I Met Your Mother, Barney explains the "Vicky Mendoza Diagonal" line, which determines how attractive a girl must be in order for him to date her depending on how "crazy" she is.
In an episode of Beverly Hills, 90210, Brandon and Steve's professor says "And look, if you've done the reading you don't have to worry, you will not fall below the Mendoza Line for a grade of a C." to which a student asks "Umm, the Mendoza Line? Was that in the chapters?"
Then-Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Andy Dalton's play was described as defining the "Dalton Line", the minimum level of performance expected of a starting quarterback in the National Football League.
In Boston, MA, "The Mendoza Line" is a weekly independent comedy show at The Dugout Cafe that was started in 2014 and has won Boston A-List's "Best Night of Comedy"
References
Further reading
Batting statistics
Baseball terminology
Metaphors referring to sport
Aleksandr Vitalyevich Shumov (; born 8 March 1991) is a Russian former professional football player.
Club career
He made his Russian Premier League debut on 17 July 2010 for FC Sibir Novosibirsk in a game against FC Zenit Saint Petersburg.
External links
References
1991 births
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Sibir Novosibirsk players
Russian Premier League players
The Education Endowment Foundation (EEF) is a charity established in 2011 to improve the educational attainment of the poorest pupils in English schools. It aims to support teachers and senior leaders by providing evidence-based resources designed to improve practice and boost learning.
On its creation, the EEF became the biggest funder of schools research in England.
History
The Education Endowment Foundation (EEF) was founded in 2011 by lead charity the Sutton Trust, in partnership with Impetus Trust (now part of Impetus–Private Equity Foundation), with a £125 million founding grant from the Department for Education.
The EEF was initiated in November 2010, when the Secretary of State for Education, Michael Gove, announced plans to establish an education endowment foundation intended to help raise standards in challenging schools, inspired by the Obama administration's Race to the Top initiative in the USA.
The EEF was formally launched in July 2011, with Chairman Sir Peter Lampl declaring its aim would be to ‘develop initiatives to raise the attainment of the poorest pupils in the most challenging schools'. The EEF took over from the Sutton Trust the development of the Teaching and Learning Toolkit, and Sir Kevan Collins, former Chief Executive of the London Borough of Tower Hamlets, was appointed the EEF's first chief executive.
In 2012, the EEF was awarded a further £10 million by the Department for Education to identify and evaluate high-potential interventions aimed at improving literacy for 10 and 11 year-olds at the transition from primary to secondary school.
In October 2019, it was announced that Professor Becky Francis would replace Sir Kevan Collins as chief executive of the EEF.
Activities
Teaching and Learning Toolkit
The Sutton Trust-EEF Teaching and Learning Toolkit was developed from the ‘Pupil Premium Toolkit' commissioned by the Sutton Trust and produced by Durham University in May 2011. The Toolkit summarises the findings of more than 13,000 trials from around the world.
Projects
In the autumn of 2012, the EEF announced trials of its first four grant-funded projects. Since 2012, the EEF has funded a total of 145 projects involving 9,400 schools, nurseries and colleges.
In 2014, the EEF published its first independent project evaluation. To date, 84 evaluations have been published, with the majority of these designed as randomised controlled trials. The EEF have commissioned more than 10 per cent of all known trials in education around the world.
Families of Schools database
The EEF Families of Schools database, launched in 2015, is an interactive tool that puts schools into families of 50 based on factors including prior attainment, percentage of pupils eligible for free school meals and the number of children with English as an additional language. The attainment of pupils on a range of measures can then be compared with similar schools.
It allows schools to understand the size and nature of their attainment gap in relation to other similar institutions and provides new information, with the aim of helping schools to learn from the best performing school in each family.
Early years
In 2014, the EEF extended its remit to include early years, with the aim of developing an understanding of how to support the learning of 3-4 year olds, in particular those eligible for free school meals.
The EEF launched the Early Years Toolkit in 2015, which aims to provide guidance for early years professionals on how to use their resources to improve the learning of disadvantaged children. The toolkit covers 12 topics and summarises research from 1,600 studies.
Research Schools Network
The Research Schools Network is a collaboration between the EEF and the Institute for Effective Education (IEE) to create a network of schools to support the use of evidence to improve teaching practice.
Research Schools act as regional hubs for the Research Schools Network. Through the network, they attempt to share what they know about putting research into practice, and support schools to make better use of evidence to inform their teaching and learning.
Launched in 2016, the Network initially consisted of 11 schools. In 2017, Education Secretary Justine Greening announced plans to set up 12 new research schools in the government's "opportunity areas" – identified as social mobility 'coldspots' – areas with both poor social mobility and schools that face challenges.
The Network currently numbers 32 schools.
International partnerships
In 2014, the EEF began working with school systems in Australia to develop an Australian version of the Teaching and Learning Toolkit, taking the global evidence base that underpins the Toolkit and contextualising it with recent examples of local research to enhance its relevance for Australian teachers.
The Australian work was joined in February 2017 by the work of Education Scotland, which has led to the development of a Scottish version of the Toolkit to strengthen the use of evidence underpinning the Scottish Attainment Challenge.
In July 2017, the EEF entered into a new partnership in Latin America and the Caribbean with SUMMA (the Laboratory of Education Research and Innovation for Latin America and the Caribbean).
See also
Department for Education
Education in England
Pupil premium
References
2011 establishments in England
Charities based in London
Education in the City of Westminster
Educational charities based in the United Kingdom
Organisations based in the City of Westminster
Poverty in England
Socio-economic mobility
Siah Cheshmeh is a city in West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Siah Cheshmeh or Siah Chashmeh () may also refer to:
Siah Cheshmeh, Lorestan
Siah Cheshmeh, Tehran
Jibla (Kuwaiti , from Qibla ) is a historic area of Kuwait City. It is one of Kuwait's oldest neighbourhoods, although most pre-oil buildings were demolished. The area forms the bulk of the core of modern-day Kuwait City, along with Sharq, Mirgab, and Dasman.
References
External links
Kuwait City
Yvette, the Fashion Princess () is a 1922 German silent comedy film directed by Frederic Zelnik and starring Lya Mara, Erich Kaiser-Titz, and Robert Scholz.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Fritz Lederer.
Cast
In alphabetical order
Else Berna
Karl Harbacher
Erich Kaiser-Titz
Lya Mara
Arnold Rieck
Robert Scholz
Fritz Schulz
Magnus Stifter
References
External links
Films of the Weimar Republic
Films directed by Frederic Zelnik
German silent feature films
German black-and-white films
German comedy films
1922 comedy films
Silent comedy films
The coat of arms of the Orange Free State was the official heraldic symbol of the Orange Free State as a republic from 1857 to 1902, and later, from 1937 to 1994, as a province of South Africa. It is now obsolete.
History
The Orange Free State was established as a republic in 1854. It needed official symbols, and its first state president, Josias Hoffman decided to have them professionally designed in the Netherlands. At his request, King Willem III of the Netherlands had a flag and coat of arms designed by the Hoge Raad van Adel during 1855, and sent them out to South Africa. As the Orange Free State was named after the Orange River which, in turn, had been named after the Dutch royal family, the arms depicted a wavy orange fess (stripe) representing the river, and three bugle horns, which are the badge of the House of Orange.
By the time the designs reached Bloemfontein, in January 1856, Hoffman had resigned and been succeeded by Jacobus Boshof. Apparently unaware that state symbols were being designed in the Netherlands, Boshof had had a Great Seal designed and manufactured, and approved by the Volksraad (legislature). The seal depicted a tree of liberty, sheep, a lion, and an ox-wagon. When Boshof placed the flag and coat of arms designs before the Volksraad on 28 February 1856, the legislators decided that
The design of the flag sent by the King of the Netherlands shall be adopted, and to the coat of arms sent by the above shall be added the already existing arms in the Great Seal of the State, with omission of the orange stripe.
The coat of arms, as actually adopted, then displayed the design of the Great Seal between the three bugle horns. This hybrid design was officially introduced on the republic's third anniversary, 23 February 1857, and was used until the republic ceased to exist on 31 May 1902.
As the Orange River Colony (1902–10), the territory had a different coat of arms, granted by King Edward VII of the United Kingdom.
When the colony became a province of the Union of South Africa in 1910, the provincial administration took over the Orange River Colony arms, which it used until 1925. In 1937, after a twelve-year period without official arms, the provincial administration adopted the old republican arms, and they were used as the provincial arms until the Orange Free State was reconstituted as the Free State Province in 1994.
Blazon
The arms were recorded at the College of Arms in July 1955, and registered at the Bureau of Heraldry in October 1967. The official blazon is:
On a shield Argent, between three bugle horns Azure, garnished and stringed Gules, a representation of the seal of the Orange Free State Republic as adopted in 1856 viz., on a white roundel, in chief a tree on an island, between dexter, three sheep and sinister a natural lion supporting the tree with his dexter paw, in base a voortrekker wagon on an island, all proper; on a ribbon draped fesswise, the motto GEDULD EN MOED, above the tree the word VRYHEID and below the wagon the word IMMIGRATIE; behind the shield, on two staves in saltire with ball and spear points Or, two flags of the same Republic draped on both sides, each with seven stripes visible, alternately white and orange and a canton of three stripes, red, white and blue.
See also
Coat of arms of the Cape Colony
Coat of arms of Natal
Coat of arms of the Orange River Colony
Coat of arms of South Africa
Coat of arms of the Transvaal
South African heraldry
Flag of Orange Free State
References
Brownell, F.G. (1993). National and Provincial Symbols.
Godee Molsbergen, E.C. (1913). Hoe de Oranje Vrijstaters Hun Vlag en Wapen Kregen.
Pama, C. (1965). Lions and Virgins.
Van Rooijen, G.H. (1940). Kultuurskatte uit die Voortrekkertydperk Deel 2.
External links
South African Heraldry Website
Orange Free State
South African heraldry
Orange Free State
Orange Free State
Orange Free State
Orange Free State
Orange Free State
Orange Free State
Provan Hall (also known over time as Provanhall, Hall of Provan and 'Hall Mailings) is a historic place composed of two buildings built about the 15th century and situated in Auchinlea Park, Easterhouse, Glasgow. It is owned by the National Trust for Scotland and managed by Glasgow City Council. The two parallel buildings, enclosing a courtyard, are protected as a category A listed building.
Location
Provan Hall is located in the Auchinlea Park adjacent to the Glasgow Fort retail centre.
Naming
The name "Hall of Provan" was used in early records. Today, the use of the name "Provan Hall" is used to refer to the buildings collectively.
Residents
After the Scottish Reformation, Provan Hall became a residence of the lawyer and President of Session, William Baillie (died 1593) and his wife Elizabeth Durham. In 1566 he was collector of the teinds or tithes known as the "Thirds of Benefices" for the parsonage of Glasgow. As a judge, he was known as Lord Provand. He was called the "Prebend of Barlanerk alias Provan", and in November 1592 James VI of Scotland confirmed his ownership of the mill and meadow of Provan.
His daughter the heiress of Provan, Elizabeth Baillie (died 1609), married Robert Hamilton (died 1642), a son of Andrew Hamilton of Goslington and Silvertonhill. They gave the house and lands to their eldest son, Francis Hamilton, on 31 October 1599. James VI confirmed Elizabeth Baillie's gift of Provan to her son on 15 November 1600.
Francis Hamilton of Silvertonhill (died 1645) married Agnes Hamilton, a daughter of the Laird of Innerwick and a niece of the lawyer Thomas Hamilton. He was known as poet and published verses in praise of the late James VI and I in 1626, dedicated to the Marquess of Hamilton and the Chancellor of Scotland, George Hay of Kinnoull. In later life, Francis Hamilton claimed he had been the victim of witchcraft practiced against him before his marriage by Isabel Boyd, Lady Blair, a daughter of Thomas Boyd, 6th Lord Boyd. She had been contracted to marry him in 1607, and Francis Hamilton may have come to blame his misfortunes in life on her. He sold the lands to his brother Edward Hamilton and ownership of Provan descended in the Hamilton of Silvertonhill family. Above the arched entrance to the courtyard, a carved stone includes the initials "R.H" for Robert Hamilton, and the date 1647.
In 1667, Robert Hamilton sold the property to Glasgow City Council. The council created the office of "Bailie of Provan" to manage the estate. In 1729 the burgh council sold the house and remaining lands to Robert Lang. Although all the lands were sold by 1767, the council appointment of a Bailie of Provan continued.
Gallery
See also
Provand's Lordship, built in 1471, also in Glasgow.
Provanhall, a small nearby residential district of East Glasgow that takes its name from Provan Hall.
References
External links
Provanhall House
Houses completed in the 15th century
Category A listed buildings in Glasgow
Country houses in Glasgow
National Trust for Scotland properties
15th-century establishments in Scotland
HRMC may refer to:
Hospitals:
Healthmark Regional Medical Center, a hospital in Florida, US
Highlands Regional Medical Center, a hospital in Kentucky, US
Highlands Regional Medical Center (Sebring), a hospital in Florida, US
Other:
the Hasaka Revolutionary Military Council of the Free Syrian Army
Higher Rate Mobility Component of the Disability Living Allowance, a type of disability benefit in the United Kingdom
Hybrid Reverse Monte Carlo, a mathematical modelling technique
See also
HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC)
RTV Živinice or Televizija Živinice is a local Bosnian public television channel based in the Živinice municipality. It was established on 4 May 1992 as one of the first TV stations in independent Bosnia and Herzegovina.
In 1996, Television Živinice was registered as a public company, and in 2000, it was preregistered as a public institution founded by the Municipality of Živinice.
RTV Živinice broadcasts a variety of programs such as local news, sports, and documentaries. Programs are primarily produced in Bosnian.
References
External links
Official website of RTV Živinice
Website of CRA BiH
Television channels and stations established in 1992
Television stations in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Weiquan lawyers (), or rights protection lawyers, refer to a small but influential movement of lawyers, legal practitioners, scholars and activists who help Chinese citizens to assert their constitutional, civil rights and/or public interest through litigation and legal activism. Weiquan lawyers represents many cases regarding labour rights, land rights, official corruption, victims of torture, migrants' rights.
Since the 1980s, as China's leadership became cognizant of the importance of the legal system and legal profession to advance economic development, training for lawyers dramatically increased. From 1986 to 1992, the number of lawyers in the country more than doubled from 21,500 to 45,000, and by 2008 had reached 143,000.
The proportion of Weiquan lawyers is very small, relative the number of legal professionals in China. The number of lawyers actively focusing on civil rights issues has been estimated by legal scholar Teng Biao to number "only a few dozen." The lawyers face considerable personal and professional obstacles, and Weiquan lawyering demands substantial commitment to their cause. According to Fu Hualing and Richard Cullen, “Weiquan lawyers act principally out of commitment, not because of any financial concerns. They accept Weiquan cases to pursue their cause, and typically charge no legal fees.” The lawyers often face threats, harassment, and even detention when taking on cases, and they find themselves targets of repression ahead of sensitive events.
Types of Weiquan lawyers
Weiquan activists include law professors with university teaching positions—including He Weifang, Xu Zhiyong, and Teng Biao—professional lawyers, and “barefoot lawyers,” who are self-taught and often lack any formal legal education. Several of China's more high-profile Weiquan lawyers fall into the latter category, including Guo Feixiong and Chen Guangcheng. Many barefoot lawyers are peasants who teach themselves enough law to file civil complaints, engage in litigation, and educate fellow citizens about their rights.
Because corporate law firms are generally not hospitable to Weiquan lawyers and legal aid workers operate within the government system, Weiquan lawyers in large cities tend to work as solo practitioners in partnership firms with other like-minded lawyers. The Beijing Global Law Firm and Yitong Law Firm are examples of such organizations.
Rana Siu Inboden and William Inboden note that a disproportionate number of influential Weiquan lawyers identify with the Christian faith, including Gao Zhisheng, Chen Guangcheng, Zheng Enchong, and Li Heping, among others.
Different approaches
There are at least two distinctive (and sometimes competing) approaches to Weiquan activism. Among Weiquan lawyers, the pragmatists (or consequentialists) are more deferential to the existing legal systems and institutions, and only pursue courses of actions that are likely to produce incremental improvements and reforms. These activists may reject approaches that are liable to be met with official reprisals. By contrast, the "radical" Weiquan activists (those adopting a deontological approach) view rights defending as a moral obligation that is to be pursued regardless of potential consequences. Radical lawyers such as Gao Zhisheng are more inclined to take on the most "sensitive" cases—such as those of Falun Gong adherents—simply because it is the "right thing to do," even though the prospects of success are minimal. A pragmatist may become radicalized once they encounter the limits of possible reform.
See also
Human rights in the People's Republic of China
Protest and dissent in the People's Republic of China
China National Anti-Demolition Home Alliance
Deng Yujiao incident
References
External links
The emergence of the weiquan movement, Human Rights Watch
Chinese Lawyers in United States
Political movements in China
Human rights in China
Weiquan movement
Chinese law
Civil rights activists
In particle physics, W′ and Z′ bosons (or W-prime and Z-prime bosons) refer to hypothetical gauge bosons that arise from extensions of the electroweak symmetry of the Standard Model. They are named in analogy with the Standard Model W and Z bosons.
Types
Types of W′ bosons
W′ bosons often arise in models with an extra SU(2) gauge group relative to the full Standard Model gauge group . The extended symmetry spontaneously breaks into the diagonal subgroup SU(2)W which corresponds to the conventional SU(2) in electroweak theory.
More generally, there could be copies of SU(2), which are then broken down to a diagonal SU(2)W. This gives rise to different W′+, W′−, and Z′ bosons.
Such models might arise from a quiver diagram, for example.
In order for the W′ bosons to couple to weak isospin, the extra SU(2) and the Standard Model SU(2) must mix; one copy of SU(2) must break around the TeV scale (to get W′ bosons with a TeV mass) leaving a second SU(2) for the Standard Model. This happens in Little Higgs models that contain more than one copy of SU(2). Because the W′ comes from the breaking of an SU(2), it is generically accompanied by a Z′ boson of (almost) the same mass and with couplings related to the W′ couplings.
Another model with W′ bosons but without an additional SU(2) factor is the so-called 331 model with The symmetry breaking chain leads to a pair of W′± bosons and three Z′ bosons.
W′ bosons also arise in Kaluza–Klein theories with SU(2) in the bulk.
Types of Z′ bosons
Various models of physics beyond the Standard Model predict different kinds of Z′ bosons.
Models with a new U(1) gauge symmetry The Z′ is the gauge boson of the (broken) U(1) symmetry.
E6 models This type of model contains two Z′ bosons, which can mix in general.
Pati-Salam In addition to a fourth leptonic "color", Pati-Salam includes a right handed weak interaction with W' and Z' bosons
Topcolor and Top Seesaw Models of Dynamical Electroweak Symmetry Breaking Both these models have Z′ bosons that select the formation of particular condensates.
Little Higgs models These models typically include an enlarged gauge sector, which is broken down to the Standard Model gauge symmetry around the TeV scale. In addition to one or more Z′ bosons, these models often contain W′ bosons.
Kaluza–Klein models The Z′ boson are the excited modes of a neutral bulk gauge symmetry.
Stueckelberg Extensions The Z′ boson is sourced from couplings found in string theories with intersecting D-branes (see Stueckelberg action).
Searches
Direct searches for "wide resonance-width" models
The following statements pertain only to "wide resonance width" models.
A W′-boson could be detected at hadron colliders through its decay to lepton plus neutrino or top quark plus bottom quark, after being produced in quark-antiquark annihilation. The LHC reach for W′ discovery is expected to be a few TeV.
Direct searches for Z′-bosons are carried out at hadron colliders, since these give access to the highest energies available. The search looks for high-mass dilepton resonances: the Z′-boson would be produced by quark-antiquark annihilation and decay to an electron-positron pair or a pair of opposite-charged muons. The most stringent current limits come from the Fermilab Tevatron, and depend on the couplings of the Z′-boson (which control the production cross-section); as of 2006, the Tevatron excludes Z′-bosons up to masses of about 800 GeV for "typical" cross-sections predicted in various models.
Direct searches for "narrow resonance-width" models
Recent classes of models have emerged that naturally provide cross-section signatures that fall on the edge, or slightly below the 95% confidence level limits set by the Tevatron, and hence can produce detectable cross-section signals for a Z′ boson in a mass range much closer to the Z pole-mass than the "wide width" models discussed above.
These "narrow width" models which fall into this category are those that predict a Stückelberg Z′ as well as a Z′ from a universal extra dimension (see for links to these papers).
On 7 April 2011, the CDF collaboration at the Tevatron reported an excess in proton-antiproton collision events that produce a W boson accompanied by two hadronic jets. This could possibly be interpreted in terms of a Z′ boson.
On 2 June 2015, the ATLAS experiment at the LHC reported evidence for W′-bosons at significance 3.4 , still too low to claim a formal discovery. Researchers at the CMS experiment also independently reported signals that corroborate ATLAS's findings.
In March 2021, there were some reports to hint at the possible existence of Z′ bosons as an unexpected difference in how beauty quarks decay to create electrons or muons. The measurement has been made at a statistical significance of 3.1 , which is well below the 5 level that is conventionally considered sufficient proof of a discovery.
Z′–Y mixings
We might have gauge kinetic mixings between the U(1)′ of the Z′ boson and U(1)Y of hypercharge. This mixing leads to a tree level modification of the Peskin–Takeuchi parameters.
See also
References
Further reading
, a pedagogical overview of Z′ phenomenology (TASI 2006 lectures)
More advanced:
External links
The Z′ Hunter's Guide, a collection of papers and talks regarding Z′ physics
Z′ physics on arxiv.org
Gauge bosons
Hypothetical elementary particles
Force carriers
Subatomic particles with spin 1
Australosyodon is an extinct genus of dinocephalian therapsids from the middle Permian of South Africa.
The first fossil was discovered in the 1980s near the village of Prince Albert Road in the Karoo region of South Africa.
The genus is closely related to the genus Syodon, found in the Russian Ischejewo fauna, and is thus regarded as the earliest example of an anteosaurid Dinocephalia outside of Russia. Australosyodon fossils have been recovered from the Eodicynodon Assemblage Zone, the lowest bank of the South African Beaufort Group, indicating the presence of primitive early therapsids in the southern hemisphere. The genus was first described by Bruce S. Rubidge in 1994.
Description
Australosyodon was a medium-sized dinocephalian. The skull was high and narrow, with a length of 26 cm, indicating a total body length of approximately 1.8 m (6 ft). The top of the skull displayed the thickening typical of dinocephalians. Overall there are many similarities to the skull of Syodon, although some minor differences in shape and in the extent of pachyostosis are present.
The fangs were laterally compressed and featured a rearward-facing central cutting edge. Shape, number and arrangement of teeth are among the characteristics that allow distinguishing Australosyodon from Syodon.
Classification
Australosyodon is regarded as a very primitive anteosaurid dinocephalian and as first known representative of that group in the southern hemisphere. Like Syodon, Australosyodon lacked the features typical for the more apomorphic members of the anteosauridae, e.g. the boss on the lower mandible found in Anteosaurus or Titanophoneus. These two closely related genera have therefore been combined into a subgenus Syodontinae.
Chart
See also
List of therapsids
References
Anteosaurs
Prehistoric therapsid genera
Guadalupian synapsids of Africa
Fossil taxa described in 1994
Yellow Creek is a stream in Georgia, and is a tributary of the Chestatee River. The creek is approximately long.
Course
Yellow Creek rises in southern Lumpkin County, less than 2 miles east-northeast of the intersection of U.S. Route 19/State Route 60/State Route 115, and southeast of Dahlonega. The creek heads south for less than a mile, and crosses into Hall County to form Pony's Lake, then crosses back into Lumpkin County, picks up an unnamed branch that originates and runs parallel to Yellow Creek to this point, and heads back into Hall County approximately one mile further on. Yellow Creek crosses State Route 60 as it turns to the southwest, picks up another unnamed branch from the south of State Route 60, and then forms the Yellow Creek arm of Lake Lanier as it meets Little Yellow Creek west of Murrayville. This arm also receives one additional unnamed branch coming from the north, before Yellow Creek meets the Chestatee River, which is submerged under Lake Lanier at their point of confluence at the intersection of the two Lake Lanier arms.
Sub-watershed details
The creek watershed and associated waters is designated by the United States Geological Survey as sub-watershed HUC 031300010701, is named the Yellow Creek-Chestatee River sub-watershed, and drains an area of approximately 27 square miles south of Dahlonega and west of Murrayville. The sub-watershed also encompasses the northern portion of the Chestatee River arm of Lake Lanier in Lumpkin County, which is to the west of the Yellow Creek arm, and which is where the Chestatee flows into Lake Lanier. The Chestatee River enters the sub-watershed immediately south of its confluence with Long Branch, picks up two unnamed branches as well as Cane Branch from the west, before forming the Chestatee arm of Lake Lanier, the northwesternmost arm of the lake. A small portion of the sub-watershed to the west of the Chestatee arm is located in Dawson County.
See also
Water Resource Region
South Atlantic-Gulf Water Resource Region
Apalachicola basin
References
Yellow Creek (Chestatee River)
Rivers of Lumpkin County, Georgia
Rivers of Hall County, Georgia
Thiago Fernandes Oliveira (born 9 June 1992) is a footballer who plays as a midfielder for Kirivong Sok Sen Chey. Born in Brazil, he was an East Timor youth international.
Career
Before the 2015 season, Fernandes signed for Brazilian second tier side Monte Azul.
In 2015, he signed for Budaiya in the Bahraini second tier. Before the 2016 season, he signed for Indonesian top flight club Persipura. Before the second half of 2016–17, Fernandes signed for Al-Fahaheel in Kuwait. Before the 2018 season, he signed for Brazilian top flight team Operário-VG.
In 2019, he signed for Ka I in Macau after trialing for Indian top flight outfit Gokulam Kerala and PSIS in Indonesia. In 2021, Fernandes signed for Brazilian second tier side Fluminense do Itaum. Before the 2022 season, he signed for Kirivong in Cambodia.
References
External links
Thiago Fernandes at playmakerstats.com
1992 births
Al-Fahaheel FC players
Association football midfielders
Atlético Monte Azul players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Bahrain
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Cambodia
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Indonesia
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Kuwait
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Macau
Brazilian footballers
Budaiya Club players
CE Operário Várzea-Grandense players
East Timorese expatriate footballers
East Timorese expatriate sportspeople in Indonesia
East Timorese footballers
East Timorese people of Brazilian descent
Expatriate footballers in Bahrain
Expatriate footballers in Cambodia
Expatriate footballers in Indonesia
Expatriate footballers in Kuwait
Expatriate footballers in Macau
Kuwait Premier League players
Living people
Persipura Jayapura players
Windsor Arch Ka I players
Guenther Fritz Erwin Podola (8 February 1929 – 5 November 1959, alias Mike Colato) was a German-born petty thief, and the last man to be hanged in Britain for killing a police officer. His trial was notable and controversial because of his defence of amnesia and the use of expert witnesses to determine whether his illness was real.
Life
Podola was born in Berlin, Germany. He was a fanatical member of the Hitler Youth movement. Podola moved to Canada in August 1952. On 1 March 1957 he was sentenced to 10 days' imprisonment following a conviction for burglary in Montreal. Then on 26 March he was sentenced for another 11 counts of theft and burglary and imprisoned for 2 years. On 25 July 1958 Podola was released and deported back to West Germany.
London
Podola moved to London on 21 May 1959. He assumed the alias of Mike Colato and pretended to be a gangster. He broke into the house of an American model, Verne Schiffmann in Roland Gardens, and stole jewellery and furs worth £2,000. He offered to return her possessions for £500, but she notified the police who attempted to arrest Podola on 12 July 1959 in Kensington. Podola shot one of the officers, Detective Sergeant Raymond Purdy, through the heart with a Radom 9mm semi-automatic pistol, after he ran into a house at 105 Onslow Square. He was later apprehended and Podola claimed he was beaten up by the police and, as a result, lost his memory of events. The police claimed that he was merely hit on the head when they broke down the door to his hotel room.
Trial
The start of the trial was delayed for nine days while a jury heard evidence of whether Podola was medically fit to stand trial. After hours of deliberation, they decided he was. A fresh jury was called to hear the trial itself which commenced on 18 July 1959. When asked for his plea, he replied: "I do not remember the crime for which I stand accused ... I am unable to answer the charges." He was defended by Frederick Lawton QC. Neurologist Michael Ashby gave evidence as an expert medical witness at his trial, as did psychiatrist Archibald Leigh, who claimed Podola was feigning his illness.
The jury took 38 minutes to find Podola guilty of murder, and he was sentenced to death by the trial judge, Mr Justice Edmund Davies. He later confessed his guilt. The Home Secretary, R. A. Butler, under a little-known and little-used power, referred the case to the Court of Criminal Appeal, which upheld the conviction. The Attorney-General's refusal of leave to appeal to the House of Lords brought the case to a close in a fresh outburst of public controversy. Podola was hanged at Wandsworth Prison at 9:45 a.m. on 5 November 1959. He was buried in the prison graveyard (grave 59). His execution took place five years before the last execution of any criminal and six years before the suspension and later abolition of the death penalty.
References
External links
Photo of Podola including bruised eye, which he claimed occurred due to excessive police force during his arrest
A discussion of the legal ramifications of the case for English law (p. 487-488)
1929 births
1959 deaths
1959 murders in the United Kingdom
20th-century German criminals
People convicted of murder by England and Wales
20th-century executions by England and Wales
People executed for murder
Executed people from Berlin
Hitler Youth members
German people executed abroad
Prisoners and detainees of Canada
German people convicted of murdering police officers
People executed for murdering police officers
Executed Canadian people
German expatriates in the United Kingdom
German expatriates in Canada
People convicted of burglary
People deported from Canada
1950s murders in London
Stejaru is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Mina Altân Tepe, Stejaru (historical names: Eschibaba, Karapelit), and Vasile Alecsandri.
The commune is located in the south-central part of the county, south of the county seat, Tulcea, and north of Constanța, the largest port on the Black Sea.
In Stejaru there is the most compact Aromanian community of Romania. The Aromanian language is taught in the schools of the commune.
The Altân Tepe copper mine is situated on the territory of the commune; after operating for 105 years, the mine was closed in 2003 due to non-profitability.
Stadionul Săgeata is a multi-purpose stadium in Stejaru; built in 1960, this is the home ground of the football club Săgeata Stejaru.
References
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Aromanian settlements in Romania
Parkside is a neighborhood in the West Philadelphia section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.
Much of the Parkside neighborhood was built during the 1876 Centennial Exhibition. It is a National Register of Historic Places Historic District with many examples of Victorian architecture, some well-preserved, others in poor condition. The neighborhood was populated by German Americans, followed by Eastern European Jews, before becoming heavily African American after World War II. (Directly after World War II it was home to many displaced persons from Eastern Europe, which included Latvians.)
In 2008, a shopping mall called the Park West Town Village Shopping Center was completed. Its anchor stores are Shop Rite, Lowe's, McDonald's, and CW Price. It is located on North 52nd Street.
Parkside is the home of the Evans Recreation Center. In 2014, the Philly Pumptrack opened at Evans.
Parkside was the early home of gangsta rapper Schoolly D, and was referenced in his songs "PSK" (Park Side Killers) and "Parkside 5-2".
External links
Parkside Historic Preservation Corporation
East Parkside Community Revitalization Corporation
Parkside Association Of Philadelphia (PAP)
References
Neighborhoods in Philadelphia
National Register of Historic Places in Philadelphia
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Philadelphia
Houses completed in 1876
Philadelphia Register of Historic Places
West Philadelphia
Houses in Philadelphia
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
The New England Riptide was a women's professional fastpitch softball team based in Lowell, Massachusetts. Since the 2004 season, they have played as a member of National Pro Fastpitch. Operations were suspended in February 2009.
History
2004
The 2004 season ended with the Riptide having a record of 25 wins and 35 losses. The Riptide finished fourth in the league for the regular season. The Riptide lost the championship game to the NY/NJ Juggernaut.
2005
The Riptide finished the season with a record of 25 wins and 23 losses in the year following their championship appearance. The pitching staff was led by Jocelyn Forest and Danielle Henderson during the 2005 season. Forest who had an ERA of 1.09 in 77 innings pitched, finished the season with an 8-2 record. Henderson led the Riptide with 125 innings pitched, and had season ERA of 1.96 and 150 strikeouts in the 2005 season. The offense was highlighted by Kellie Wilkerson who led the Riptide in average (.435), on-base percentage (.602), slugging percentage (.681), stolen bases (6), walks (28), and home runs (4). In addition to being the leader of the offense, Wilkerson also filled in pitching during the season.
2006
During the 2006 season the Riptide finished with a record of 24 wins and 17 losses, in the 41 games the team played during the season. Once again Jocelyn Forest led the Riptide pitching staff. Forest recorded 15 wins during the season which was both a team and league high. In 130 innings pitched, Forest had a 1.29 ERA and 107 strikeouts. The Riptide received very well balanced offensive attack in the 2006 season with many different offensive leaders including Lyndsey Angus, Lindy Winkler, and Tarrah Beyster. Lyndsey Angus earned the WPF Player of the Year.
NPF championship
The New England Riptide defeat the Connecticut Brakettes by a 2-0 margin, to win their first ever NPF Championship. Jocelyn Forest receives the NPF Championship Series Most Valuable Player award following her impressive performance which includes striking out seven and stranding seven Brakettes on base.
2007
The Riptide finished the 2007 with 26 wins and 18 losses, and as a result finished 3rd in the league. Eileen Canney was the ace of the Riptide pitching staff during the 2007 season and finished the season with 9-6 record. Also during the 2007 campaign Canney had 1.16 ERA and 137 strikeouts, both of which were league highs. The Riptide also had very strong seasons from Erica Beach, Jocelyn Forest, and Danielle Henderson, who helped to anchor the pitching staff. During the 2007 season Scott Shanel led the offense with a .324 batting average, 34 stolen bases, 26 walks, and 35 runs. However, during the season the offense was very well balanced eight players having an average over .250.
2008
In the 2008 season the Riptide finished with a record of 22 wins and 26 losses, which earned them 4th place in the league. During the 2008 season the Riptide were led by Eileen Canney who had a 2.29 earned run average and 13 wins. Also during the 2008 season Canney had 150.1 innings pitched, and 18 complete games. On the offensive side the Riptide were led by Jackie Pasquerella and Jess Merchant. Pasquerella led the riptide in average (.354) and hits (45) for the season. Merchant provided more of the power threat leading the Riptide in home runs (6), doubles (7), and RBI's (26).
References
External links
National Pro Fastpitch
Softball teams
Defunct softball teams in the United States
Defunct National Pro Fastpitch teams
Defunct sports teams in Massachusetts
The 2016 Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) Softball tournament will be held at Dail Softball Stadium on the campus of North Carolina State University in Raleigh, North Carolina from May 12 through May 14, 2016. The quarterfinals and semifinals will be shown on the ACC RSN's with a simulcast on ESPN3. The championship game will be broadcast by ESPN.
Tournament
All times listed are Eastern Daylight Time.
Broadcasters
Tom Werme & Cheri Kempf (ACC RSN- Early; Thurs)
Tom Werme & Barbara Jordan (ACC RSN-Late; Thurs)
Tom Werme, Cheri Kempf, & Barbara Jordan (ACC RSN- Fri)
Pam Ward & Cheri Kempf (ESPN)
References
Atlantic Coast Tournament
Atlantic Coast Conference Softball Tournament
Zia ol-Saltaneh (1799–1873; Persian: ضیاء السلطنه), also known as Shah Begum Khanum, was a Persian calligrapher and poet. The seventh most senior daughter of the second Qajar ruler of Iran, Fath-ʿAli Shah, she served as private secretary to her father. The name usually used for her, Ziaʾ al-Saltaneh, meaning "Light of the Realm", was given to her by her father, and is an indication of his great love and respect for her.
Family
Zia ol-Saltaneh's mother was Maryam Khanom, 39th wife of Fath-ʿAli Shah. From a Jewish family from Mazandaran, she was first married to Agha Muhammad Khan, uncle of Fath-ʿAli Shah and first of the Qajar rulers. Zia ol-Saltaneh had four full brothers, Mahmud Mirza, Homayun Mirza, Ahmad-ʿAli Mirza, and Jahanshah Mirza, and one full sister, Sultan Begum. Later in life, she married Mirza Masʿud Garmrudi, then Minister of Foreign Affairs to Fath-ʿAli Shah's successor, Muhammad Shah. She was not raised by her own mother, but by the Shah's mother, the Mahd-i ʿOlya ('the Lofty Cradle'), Asiyeh Khanum. On the death of her grandmother, she inherited all of her jewels and other precious items. Ziaʾ al-Saltaneh would have four children of her own: Shahanshah Begum (b. ca. 1836; also known as Agha Jan), a second daughter, Mirza Hasan Khan (b.1839), and Mirza Husayn Khan (b.1843). She lived outside of the harem in her own apartments, a situation indicative of her high status. She also had her own minister, Shaʿban-ʿAli Khan.
Position at court
Zia ol-Saltaneh was involved in many significant aspects of the running of her father's court. It is clear that she was particularly involved in the economic life of the court. For example, it is reported that when the Shah wanted to bestow a gift upon one of his harem, Zia ol-Saltaneh would write to the Khazen al-Dowleh (State Treasurer), then Golbadan Baji, one of the wives of Fath-ʿAli, to report the gift, so that it could be properly recorded in the documentation of the treasury. There are records of anecdotes indicating that she shared the responsibility for the funds of the harem. For example, she was responsible for controlling the gambling funds of the princes - she would give them sums which they would have to pay back with interest. In addition to these responsibilities, as her father's favourite, she would organise his birthday celebrations, and every year on the occasion Fath-ʿAli would gift her a set of jewels. We know that she owned property, which is suggestive of her personal wealth.
Perhaps most significantly, she acted as scribe for her father, with the title Munshi al-Mamalek-i Andarun, writing his personal letters for him. She also had control over the royal decrees issued from the harem. She was a highly skilled calligrapher, and produced a number of copies of the Qur'an, as well as other works such as collections of poetry, prayers, and pilgrimage texts. She was taught initially by her brother Maḥmud Mirza, but was later tutored by Mirza ʿAbbas Nuri (d.1839). In addition to her scribal duties, she would recite the poems sent to her father in his praise. She also seems to have been a patron of poetry, as the poet Rashha (b. circa 1783) composed poems in her praise.
Her brothers are reported to have had as much respect for her as her father did. Her half-brother ʿAbbas Mirza, Crown Prince until his death in 1833, wrote of her: 'My soul to yours, beloved Ziaʾ ol-Saltaneh,/ I have torn a hundred garments from grief/ At the thought of separation from you.' Her father also wrote verses in her honour, such as: 'Oh light of my eyes, Ziaʾ ol-Saltaneh,/ One day away from you/ Is like unto a year for me.' Fath-ʿAli Khan Saba, the chief court poet, also wrote lines in her praise: 'Your moon, Shāh Baygum, from whose face and hair/ The morn of dominion is perfumed, and the king of the realm illumined.' It is clear that her brothers and other members of the court were aware of her influence with the Shah, and she would often be called upon to intercede for other members of the court.
During the reign of Muhammad Shah, she continued some of her duties associated with the fiscal running of the court, and was one of the few relatives of the new Shah allowed to sit in his presence.
Poetry
As well as reciting the poetry of others, writing down that composed by her father, and acting as a patron, Zia ol-Saltaneh also composed her own verses. Her poetry was recorded by her brother Mahmud Mirza in his anthology of women poets, compiled in 1825, at the behest of Ziaʾ al-Saltaneh herself. For example:
'Even though I am the daughter of the Shah/ And my crown reaches to the moon from pride/ And all that I wish for is provided /In the way of carpets and clothes, jewels and gold/ Horses and camels; female and male servants/ As well as flocks, herds, and livestock,/ And I have abundant jewelry/ So much that it cannot be counted,/ I have not bound my heart to any of these things,/ For it is very difficult to detach one's heart!'
The 'bold, didactic tone' of these verses has been described as 'indicative of the princess's confident self-perception, erudition, and her political and economic power.'
Marriage
Zia ol-Saltaneh did not marry during her father's lifetime. It is said that she refused all suitors. It has been suggested that she married Mirza ʿAbbas Nuri, only to divorce him soon after. This was said to have been a plot formed with Ḥaji Mirza ʿAbbas Aqasi to ruin Mirza ʿAbbas Nuri financially, but it has been noted that there is not sufficient evidence to support this claim. She was engaged briefly to her paternal cousin, Ḥosaynqoli Khan, son of Fatḥ-ʿAli Shah's brother of the same name. The author of the Qisas al-ʿUlama reports that Fath-ʿAli attempted to give her in marriage to a number of significant members of the clergy who all refused.
Following the death of her father, she asked the new Shah, her nephew, Muhammad, to allow her to remain unmarried. However, she is also reported to have travelled to the shrine cities of Iraq (al-ʿAtabat al-ʿAliyat) shortly after Fath-ʿAli's death. While there she corresponded with a number of clerics, including Aqa Seyyed Mehdi, the son of Aqa Seyyed ʿAli Tabatabai, and Shaykh Muhammad Husayn Saheb-e Fosul, with proposals of marriage, but she was refused a number of times.
At the age of 37, in 1835, Muhammad Shah insisted, on pain of execution, that she agree to marry Mirza Masʿud (1790-1848), then Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Death and burial
Later in her life, Zia ol-Saltaneh moved to the city of Najaf in Iraq. She died in the nearby shrine city of Karbalaʾ where she also owned property. She was buried in one of the rooms of her house there, which is now incorporated into the shrine of Imam Husayn.
See also
Women in Islam
References
External links
Ziaʾ al-Saltaneh on the Women's Worlds in Qajar Iran site here.
Entry on Ziaʾ al-Saltaneh in Encyclopædia Iranica by Dominic Brookshaw.
Brookshaw's 'Women in Praise of Women: Female Poets and Female Patrons in Qajar Iran' article can be accessed here with an appropriate login.
Qisas al-ʿUlamaʾ
1799 births
1873 deaths
Persian-language poets
Iranian calligraphers
19th-century calligraphers
Qajar princesses
Women calligraphers
Persian women writers
19th-century Iranian women
Iranian people of Jewish descent
Megerdich I (? – died 1894), ( ) was Catholicos of Cilicia of the Holy See of Cilicia of the Armenian Apostolic Church from 1871 to 1894.
After his death, the position of catholicos remained vacant for 8 years (1894-1902), until the election of Sahag II of Cilicia.
Catholicoi of Cilicia
1894 deaths
Armenian Oriental Orthodox Christians
Armenians of the Ottoman Empire
Year of birth unknown
The 2022–23 Lebanese Premier League is the 61st season of the Lebanese Premier League, the top Lebanese professional league for association football clubs since its establishment in 1934. The league started on 2 September.
It is the third season to feature a "split" format, following its introduction in the 2020–21 season, in which the season is divided into two phases.
Summary
Regulations
Each club has to involve two players under the age of 21 for at least 2,000 combined minutes, and three players for 3,000 combined minutes. Also, each club is allowed a maximum of eight players over the age of 30, with only five being able to be fielded in a game. In case a club is to not meet the required number of minutes at the end of the season, they will have three points deducted from their total in the league.
For the first time since the cancelled 2019–20 season, each club will be able to have three foreign players under contract.
Format
Following its introduction in the 2020–21 season, the 2022–23 season consists of two phases: in the first phase, each team plays against one another once. In the second phase, the 12 teams will be divided into two groups based on their position in the first phase. Contrary to the previous season, the teams will only carry over half of their point tally from the first phase. After the first phase is completed, clubs can not move out of their own half in the league, even if they achieve more or fewer points than a higher or lower ranked team, respectively.
The top six teams will play against each other twice; the champion will automatically qualify to the 2023–24 AFC Champions League qualifying play-offs—assuming they meet the criteria set by the Asian Football Confederation (AFC). The runners-up instead will directly qualify to the 2023–24 AFC Cup group stage—as long as the champions meet the AFC criteria for the AFC Champions League. The bottom six teams will also play against each other twice, with the bottom two teams being relegated to the Lebanese Second Division.
Teams
Twelve teams are competing in the league – the top ten teams from the 2021–22 Lebanese Premier League season and the two teams promoted from the Lebanese Second Division.
Stadiums and locations
Prior to the start of each season, every team chose two stadiums as their home venues. In case both stadiums were unavailable for a certain matchday, another venue was used.
Note: Table lists in alphabetical order.
Foreign players
Lebanese clubs are allowed to have three foreign players at their disposal at any time, as well as two extra Palestinian players born in Lebanon in a given match sheet (both of whom can not be fielded at the same time in a match). Moreover, each club competing in an AFC competition is allowed to field one extra foreign player, to be only played in continental matches, as the AFC allows four foreign players to play in the starting eleven (one of whom from an AFC country).
Players in bold have been registered during the mid-season transfer window.
Players in italics have left the club during the mid-season transfer window.
League table
Season statistics
Scoring
Top goalscorers
Hat-tricks
Most assists
Clean sheets
Notes
References
External links
Lebanese Premier League seasons
Lebanon
1
Current association football seasons
A Charanga is a small amateur marching band with wind and percussion instruments that plays festivals mainly in Northern Spain, Castilla-La Mancha, Castilla y León and the Valencian Community. In the past, the name charanga also applied to certain military musical bands of the Spanish Army and as ship's company bands in the Spanish Navy.
Charangas mainly play popular, traditional songs that have simple rhythms and often feature risqué lyrics. Also, they often play medleys.
They frequently play at pasacalles, a performance which moves along the streets of a town, while the public follows the band and dances to its tunes.
They are usually composed of about 5 to 10 musicians and can be amateurs who meet for the festivities, or professionals who go from town to town paid by city councils or groups of people. Many middle and high school music students take advantage of their knowledge to earn extra income by playing in the charanga.
They perform popular songs with cheeky lyrics and the musical hits of the year, typical songs depending on the geographical location, some also compose their own songs or make their own potpourris.
Instrumentation
Civil charanga
Normally a charanga is composed of percussion (bass drum, snare drum and cymbals), the brass section (trombones, euphonium, trumpets and tuba) and finally the woodwind section (alto saxophones, tenor saxophone, piccolos and clarinets).
Military charanga
During the 1840s the typical Spanish Army light infantry charanga was organized in the following instrumental composition:
12 bugles
4 cornets
4 ophicleides
4 trombones
2-3 natural horns
Before that, in the 1830s, the bands were composed of
Bugles
Buccin
Natural trumpets
Flute
Clarinet
Trombone
Military serpent
Later on these instruments would be joined and/or supplemented by:
2-5 clarinets
1-2 flute/s
1 piccolo
2-3 tubas
2 baritone horns
2-4 trumpets
snare drum
References
Spanish music
Festivals in Spain
Types of musical groups
Stop All That Jazz is an album by singer and songwriter Leon Russell. The album was recorded in 1974 at Leon Russell's House Studio in Tulsa, Oklahoma; Paradise Studios in Tia Juana, Oklahoma; Pete's Place in Nashville, Tennessee; and Shelter The Church Studio, in Tulsa. Stop All That Jazz is Russell's sixth solo album.
The Gap Band, a funky group of Tulsans, backed Leon on the Stop All That Jazz album. Through the Stop All That Jazz album Leon introduced the world to The Gap Band. The Gap Band then released their debut album Magician's Holiday on Leon's Shelter Records label. Later Leon played piano on the group's 1977 The Gap Band release.
The album shows Russell's creativity, coming after his country music album Hank Wilson's Back Vol. I. There is a diverse array of songs on the album, some jazz as well as synthesizers and programmed drum machines. There are some standards written by others: Bob Dylan's "The Ballad Of Hollis Brown," Tim Hardin's "If I Were A Carpenter" and "Wild Horses" by The Rolling Stones. Willie Nelson helped with the album and sang on the song "Wabash Cannonball." The album was produced by Tom Cartwright, Leon Russell and Denny Cordell.
Track listing
All songs written by Leon Russell except where noted.
Side one
Side two
Bonus tracks
Note: "Time For Love" is incorrectly listed as 3:40 on the sleeve/record centre. 4:00 is the correct time.
Charts
Personnel
Leon Russell - Banjo, Bass, Composer, Guitar, Keyboards, Piano, Piano (Electric), Primary Artist
Willie Nelson - Guest Artist, Guitar, Guitar (Rhythm), Performer, Primary Artist, Vocals
Ann Bell - Vocals, Vocals (Background)
Henry Best - Bass
Chuck Blackwell - Drums
J.J. Cale - Guitar, Guitar (Electric)
Chris Clayton - Horn, Vocals (Background)
Joey Cooper - Guitar, Vocals
John Gallie - Keyboards, Programming
Linda Hargrove - Guitar, Guitar (Acoustic)
Karl Himmel - Drums
Jim Keltner - Bass, Drums
William Kenner - Mandolin
Marcy Levy - Vocals, Vocals (Background)
Tommy Lokey - Horn, Vocals (Background)
Jamie Oldaker - Drums
Don Preston - Dobro, Guitar, Vocals
Carl Radle - Bass
Edwin Scruggs - Guitar, Guitar (Acoustic)
Lena Stephens - Vocals, Vocals (Background)
Odell Stokes - Guitar
Pam Thompson - Vocals, Vocals (Background)
Cam Wilson - Organ, Percussion, Vocals (Background)
Charlie Wilson - Keyboards, Vocals
Ric Wilson - Bass
Robert Sinclair Wilson - Bass, Drums
Ronald Wilson - Horn, Vocals (Background)
Pete Drake - Engineer, Guitar (Steel)
Tom Cartwright - Producer
Denny Cordell - Producer
Tom Russell - Engineer
Tami Masak - Assistant Engineer, Assistant Producer
Terence P. Minogue - Assistant Engineer, Assistant Producer
Kent Duncan - Engineer
Steve Hoffman - Engineer
Cheryl Pawelski - Assistant Engineer, Assistant Producer
Bernadette Fauver - Assistant Engineer, Assistant Producer
Margaret Goldfarb - Assistant Engineer, Assistant Producer
John LeMay - Engineer
Charles Levan - Assistant Engineer, Assistant Producer
Tom Wilkes - Design
References
External links
YouTube, Stop All That Jazz, Leon Russell
Leon Russell discography
Leon Russell Records
Leon Russell NAMM Oral History Program Interview (2012)
1974 albums
Leon Russell albums
Shelter Records albums
Albums produced by Leon Russell
Lake Colden is a lake located in the Adirondack High Peaks in New York, United States. Lake Colden sits at 2764 feet (842 meters) at the western base of 4,714-foot (1,437 m) Mount Colden. To the northwest lie the MacIntyre Mountains— 5,115-foot (1,559 m) Algonquin Peak (the second highest mountain in the state), 4829-foot (1472 meter) Boundary Peak, 4,843-foot (1,476 meter) Iroquois Peak and 4,380-foot (1,335 meters) Mount Marshall. Mount Marcy is to the east. Lake Colden is fed by Avalanche Lake, to the northeast and in turn feeds Flowed Lands, to the southwest.
Being in the heart of the High Peaks, the area is very popular with hikers. The New York State Department of Environmental Conservation maintains an Interior Outpost on the western shore. There are a number of campsites and lean-tos in the area.
Lake Colden was named after David C. Colden in 1836; Colden was an investor in the Tahawus iron works of Archibald MacIntyre.
Images
References
Colden
Adirondack Park
Colden
is a Japanese professional wrestler and former mixed martial artist best known for his work in DDT Pro-Wrestling (DDT). Irie has also competed for All Japan Pro Wrestling (AJPW), Big Japan Pro Wrestling (BJW), and a number of North American independent promotions in the past.
Early life
Irie was born in Osaka. He began his initial pro wrestling training in 2002 at the age of 15, training alongside Atsushi Kotoge with Osaka Pro Wrestling. Irie eventually decided to pursue MMA, competing in a number of amateur fights, including some in Pancrase. Irie resumed training in 2007 with Dera Pro Wrestling in Nagoya and made his debut in April 2008 against Shota Takanashi.
Professional wrestling career
DDT Pro Wrestling (2008–present)
Beginning in May 2008, Irie began sporadically appearing for DDT Pro-Wrestling (DDT), primarily teaming with other rookies against established wrestlers. In August 2010, Irie defeated Soma Takao to win a special one day tournament. DDT owner Sanshiro Takagi became a fan of Irie after watching him compete and offered him more regular bookings with DDT as a result.
Representing DDT, Irie debuted for New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) in 2011, teaming with fellow DDT rookie Keisuke Ishii in a loss to NJPW's Tomoaki Honma and freelancer Tsuyoshi Kikuchi. Irie began to achieve more success in 2011, beginning on May 21 when he defeated established DDT veteran Kota Ibushi, eliminating him from the 2011 King of DDT tournament. The next month, Irie formed a tag team with Munenori Sawa, and the duo defeated Gentaro and Yasu Urano to win the KO-D Tag Team Championship, but lost the titles just days later to Kenny Omega and Michael Nakazawa. Irie participated in a falls count anywhere match the following month, teaming up with Takagi and SeXXXy Eddy in a loss to Omega, Ibushi and Nakazawa. On October 10, Irie captured the KO-D Tag Team Championship once again, this time teaming with Keisuke Ishii to defeat Makoto Oishi and Danshoku Dino. They dropped the championship to Urano and Yuji Hino on December 31 and unsuccessfully challenged them in a rematch on February 11.
On April 1, 2012, Irie unsuccessfully challenged All Japan Pro Wrestling (AJPW) competitor Kenny Omega for the World Junior Heavyweight Championship. On May 4 at a Union Pro Wrestling event, Irie teamed up with Shuji Ishikawa to capture the BJW Tag Team Championship, defeating Shinobu and Yoshihito Sasaki. They dropped the titles to Shinobu and Yuji Okabayashi on July 15. Irie and Ishii teamed up with Soma Takao as Team Dream Futures to enter the tournament for the vacant KO-D 6 Man Tag Team Championship and captured the titles by defeating Oishi, Akito and Takagi in the final on January 12. The trio lost the championship to Monster Army (Yuji Hino, Antonio Honda and Daisuke Sasaki) on January 27. Irie won the right to challenge for the KO-D Openweight Championship on February 24 and defeated Kenny Omega on March 20 to win the championship for the first time. He lost the championship to Harashima on August 18. On January 26, 2014, Irie unsuccessfully challenged Harashima in a rematch for the championship. Irie, Ishii and Soma Takao successfully captured the KO-D 6 Man Championship once again in February 2014, defeating Aja Kong, Danshoku Dino and Makoto Oishi, but dropped them to Ibushi, Omega and Sasaki in April.
Im August 2014, Irie, Ishii and Takao captured the KO-D 6 Man Tag Team Championship once again, defeating Shuten-dōji (Yukio Sakaguchi, Masa Takanashi and Kudo). They dropped the championship to T2Hii (Takagi, Toru Owashi and Kazuki Hirata) on September 28. On March 1, 2015, Irie, Ishii and Takao defeated Shuten-dōji to once again become KO-D 6 Man Champions, but dropped the championship back to them in their first defence. Team Dream Futures defeated Shuten-dōji on April 11 to regain the championship and successfully defended them until September when they lost to #OhkaTeikoku (Ken Ohka, Danshoku Dino and Super Sasadango Machine). Team Dream Futures once again captured the KO-D 6 Man Championship in May, defeating Kazusada Higuchi, Kouki Iwasaki and Shunma Katsumata. In his farewell match, Irie teamed with Yukio Sakaguchi to defeat Harashima and Keisuke Ishii.
In April 2018, Irie defeated Konosuke Takeshita to once again become KO-D Openweight Champion. Irie would lose the championship to Sami Callihan on August 1, 2018. On September 25, 2018, Irie announced his departure from DDT.
International promotions (2016present)
Irie debuted in the United States on July 24 for GALLI Lucha Libre (GALLI), unsuccessfully challenging Marshe Rockett for the GALLI Junior Heavyweight Championship. Irie again competed for GALLI on July 29, teaming with Gringo Loco and Skayde Jr. to defeat Zema Ion, GPA and Matt Knicks. Irie debuted for Independent Wrestling Association Mid-South (IWA Mid-South) on August 4, losing to Reed Bentley. Two days later he debuted for Hoosier Pro Wrestling (HPW), defeating JKO. He wrestled his final match before returning to Japan on September 6 for IWA Mid-South, losing to Chris Hero in a triple threat match also featuring Kongo Kong. Irie has also competed in various other American indy promotions including WCWO, AAW, Pro Wrestling Blitz, Freelance Wrestling, Resistance Pro Wrestling, MIAW, UPW, AIW, Global Force Wrestling, AWS, and Championship Wrestling from Hollywood. Irie defeated Silas Young to become the new MIAW Heavyweight Champion on September 6 in Milwaukee. Irie also won the WCWO Young Guns Tournament featuring the top 12 prospects of the mid-west area held on October 5, 2016 in Indianapolis.
Irie returned to the west on January 10, debuting for Canada-based Canadian Wrestling's Elite (CWE) defeating Jacob Creed.
Irie made his UK debut for Progress, challenging Walter at Chapter 81 for the Progress World Championship. In 2019, he also challenged Zack Sabre Jr for the British Heavyweight championship in Revolution Pro Wrestling, and Lionheart for the ICW World Heavyweight championship in Insane Championship Wrestling.
Irie won UK's SOUTHSIDE WRESTLING's World Heavyweight Championship from Rob Lynch on 3 March 2019 in St. Neots.
Irie participated in wXw promotion's "Ambition 10" tournament in Oberhausen, Germany on 9 March. Irie defeated Laurance Roman in 1st round, Chris Ridgeway in semi-final, then Rico Bushido in the final.
Irie has appeared in 5 shows during 2019 Mania Week in NY.
Championships and accomplishments
Active Advance Pro Wrestling
2AW Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with The Andrew "King" Takuma
All Japan Pro Wrestling
Gaora TV Championship (1 time)
All Asia Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Keisuke Ishii
Big Japan Pro Wrestling
BJW Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Shuji Ishikawa
Saikyo Tag League (2019) – with Yuji Okabayashi
DDT Pro-Wrestling
KO-D Openweight Championship (3 times)
Ironman Heavymetalweight Championship (2 times)
KO-D 6-Man Tag Team Championship (6 times) – with Keisuke Ishii and Soma Takao (6)
KO-D Tag Team Championship (3 times) – with Munenori Sawa (1), Keisuke Ishii (1) and Kazusada Higuchi (1)
Midwest Independent Association of Wrestling
MIAW Heavyweight Championship (2 times)
Oriental Wrestling Entertainment
OWE Openweight Championship (1 time, current)
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
Ranked No. 283 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2022
Wrestle-1
Wrestle-1 Tag League (2019) – with T-Hawk
Southside Wrestling Entertainment
SWE World Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
Westside Xtreme Wrestling
Ambition 10 (2019)
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
21st-century professional wrestlers
Japanese male professional wrestlers
All Asia Tag Team Champions
Gaora TV Champions
Ironman Heavymetalweight Champions
KO-D 6-Man Tag Team Champions
KO-D Tag Team Champions
KO-D Openweight Champions
BJW Tag Team Champions
Ivan Vikulovich Morozov (; 28 August 1865 - 2 November 1933) was Russian business person active in the later period of the Russian Empire. He was part of the influential Old Believer family, the Morozovs.
He was the son of Vikul Eliseevich Morozov.
References
1865 births
1933 deaths
Businesspeople of the Russian Empire
Old Believers
19th-century businesspeople of the Russian Empire
Bundorf is a municipality in the district of Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Haßberge (district)
Simko Shikak (born Ismail Agha Shikak 1887 – 1930, ) was a Kurdish chieftain of the Shekak tribe. He was born into a prominent Kurdish feudal family based in Chihriq castle located near the Baranduz river in the Urmia region of Eastern Kurdistan. By 1920, parts of Iranian Azerbaijan located west of Lake Urmia were under his control. He led Kurdish farmers into battle and defeated the Iranian army on several occasions. The Iranian government had him assassinated in 1930.<ref>M. M. Gunter, The Kurdish Question in Perspective, World Affairs, pp. 197-205, No.4, Vol. 166, Spring 2004. (see p.203)</ref> Simko took part in the massacre of the Assyrians of Khoy and instigated the massacre of 1,000 Assyrians in Salmas.
Family background
His family was one of the most prominent and politically active Kurdish families throughout Qajar reign from the late 18th to early 20th century. Sadiq Khan Shikak was one of the generals and governors in the Agha Muhammad Khan's early Qajar state and was commanding a force of 10,000 soldiers. However, he was soon fell out of favor and Qajar monarch attempted to murder him. Sadiq Khan has been accused of taking part in the assassination of Qajar king in the town of Shusha in 1797. Among other prominent members of the family are Ismail Khan The Great and his son Ali Khan, Muhammad Pasha son of Ali Khan, Cewer (Ja'afar) Agha brother of Simko. Many members of the family were murdered by the Qajar state such as Cewer (Dja'far) Agha'' who was killed at Tabriz by the order of governor general.
Political life
There are different and conflicting views about Simko among Kurdish historians. After the murder of Cewer Agha, Simko became the head of Shikak forces. In May 1914, he attended a meeting with Abdürrezzak Bedir Khan who at the time was a Kurdish politician supported by the Russians. The Iranian government was trying to assassinate him like the other members of his family. In 1919, Mukarram ul-Molk, the governor of Azerbaijan devised a plot to kill Simko by sending him a present with a bomb hidden in it.
Simko was also in contact with Kurdish revolutionaries such as Seyyed Taha Gilani (grandson of Sheikh Ubeydullah who had revolted against Iran in the 1880s). Seyyed Taha was a Kurdish nationalist who was conducting propaganda among the Iranian Kurds for the union of Iranian Kurdistan and Turkish Kurdistan in an independent state.
Jointly with Ottoman forces he organized the massacre in Haftevan in February 1915 during which 700–800 Armenians and Assyrians were murdered.
Simko Shikak revolt
In March 1918, under the pretext of meeting for the purpose of cooperation, Simko arranged the assassination of the Assyrian Church of the East patriarch, Mar Shimun XIX Benyamin, ambushing him and his 150 guards, as Mar Shimun was entering his carriage. The patriarchal ring was stolen at this time and the body of the patriarch was only recovered hours later, according to the eye-witness account of Daniel d-Malik Ismael.
On March 16 after the murder of Mar Shimun, Assyrians under the command of Malik Khoshaba and Petros Elia of Baz attacked Simkos' fortress in Charah in which Simko was decisively defeated. The fortress of Charah had never been conquered previously despite attempts by Iranians and the river was red from the blood of dead Shikak fighters. Simko was panic stricken during the battle and managed to escape, abandoning his men.
By summer 1918, Simko had established his authority in the region west of Lake Urmia.
At this time, government in Tehran tried to reach an agreement with Simko on the basis of limited Kurdish autonomy. Simko had organized a strong Kurdish army which was much stronger than Iranian government forces. Since the central government could not control his activities, he continued to expand the area under his control and by 1922, cities of Baneh and Sardasht were under his administration.
In the battle of sari Taj in 1922, Simko's forces could not resist the Iranian Army's onslaught in the region of Salmas and were finally defeated and the castle of Chari was occupied. The strength of the Iranian Army force dispatched against Simko was 10,000 soldiers.
Legacy
Simko's revolts are seen by some as an attempt by a powerful tribal chief to establish his personal authority over the central government throughout the region. Although elements of Kurdish nationalism were present in this movement, historians agree these were hardly articulate enough to justify a claim that recognition of Kurdish identity was a major issue in Simko's movement. It lacked any kind of administrative organization and Simko was primarily interested in plunder. Government forces and non-Kurds were not the only ones to suffer in the attacks, the Kurdish population was also robbed and assaulted. Simko's men do not appear to have felt any sense of unity or solidarity with fellow Kurds. In the words of Kurdologist and Iranologist Garnik Asatrian: On the other hand, Reza Shah's military victory over Simko and Turkic tribal leaders initiated a repressive era toward non-Persian minorities. In a nationalistic perspective, Simko's revolt is described as an attempt to build a Kurdish tribal alliance in support of independence. According to Kamal Soleimani, Simko Shikak can be located "within the confines of Kurdish ethno-nationalism". According to the political scientist Hamid Ahmadi:
See also
Mar Shimun XIX Benyamin
References
External links
72nd Anniversary of Simko, 2002
People from Urmia
1887 births
1930 deaths
Assassinated Iranian Kurdish politicians
Kurdish rebels
Sayfo perpetrators
