Janusz Piekałkiewicz (1925 in Warsaw – March 9, 1988) was a Polish underground soldier, historian, writer, as well as a television and cinema director and producer. He was a world-renowned author on many aspects of World War II history; over 30 of his books have been printed, most of them in German, and later translated to other languages. He also wrote from his experiences during the war and specialized in detailing operations within the secret services. A unique characteristic of many of his books is that chapters contain two parts. Firstly, he describes details and contemporary quoted sources and then, in the second part, he provides analysis and his own commentaries to those events. According to critics, this results in a very objective presentation of the material. In addition to his well-known history books, he also wrote books about treasure hunting.
In homeland
Piekałkiewicz was born in Warsaw, Poland. His uncle was professor Jan Piekałkiewicz, a leader of the Polish resistance, who was murdered by the Gestapo in 1943. At the age of seventeen, Janusz joined the Armia Krajowa (the Home Army), later participated in the Warsaw Uprising, and spent the remainder of the war in the Sachsenhausen concentration camp. After graduating from high school in 1946, he began studies at the National Film School in Łódź, in the Film Production Department. He also studied contemporary history. After three years, he was barred from continuing studies, because he was a dissident and did not subscribe to the official views of the government. Barring further studies because of this was also known as for political reasons. He then worked as an assistant producer and wrote screenplays for popular science films – which also did not have a chance to be made because of political reasons. His passion was the Tatra mountains, therefore, he moved to Zakopane and worked as a mountaineering guide.
As émigré
Deciding to emigrate from Poland in 1956, he escaped his homeland by tracing the route used by underground resistance couriers during World War II through the Tatra Mountains. He arrived in Hungary in time for the Revolution of 1956 and became actively involved. After Soviet armed forces crushed the rebellion, he fled to Austria and was briefly detained. He worked as a laborer on road construction. Later, Piekalkiewicz became a broadcast reporter in Vienna. He then worked in Paris, London, and Germany as a television producer, as well as a writer and director for films.
His 26-episode television serial, "Secret Agents, Spies, and Saboteurs – Famous Undercover Missions of World War II" (Szpiedzy, agenci, żołnierze – tajne jednostki okresu II wojny światowej"), earned first-place (Golden Nymph) at the IX International Festival de Télévision de Monte-Carlo in 1969. This series was distinguished by its accuracy, objectiveness, as well as its serious and thoughtful delivery. He finally received the award after eleven years. His book of the same title is described as "one of the most interesting and comprehensive spy books done on WWII". In June 1964, he presented "Polnische Passion" (Polish Passion – International and English title) as a documentary film at the 1964 Berlin International Film Festival. His lifelong dreams included writing from a fresh start about recent history, as well as to make a documentary film about World War II.
It was only after 1990, and the collapse of the communist government in Poland (see: History of Poland), that his books were translated from German into Polish and finally published in his homeland. In 1997, Film Studio Wir shot a documentary film about him for the public Polish Television TVP 1 (Program I).
Selected books in English
All of his works were originally published in German.
References
Note about the author on the book cover (translated from Polish)
Short biography (with photograph)
External links
1925 births
1988 deaths
Writers from Warsaw
20th-century Polish historians
Polish male non-fiction writers
Polish resistance members of World War II
20th-century German historians
German male non-fiction writers
Humboldt County is a county in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 9,597. The county seat is Dakota City. The county was created in 1857 and named in honor of Alexander von Humboldt.
History
Founding
Iowa's entry to the union was approved by Congress on March 3, 1845, with statehood beginning on December 28, 1846, following approval of the state's constitution and boundaries. In order to establish county government across the state, the Iowa General Assembly passed an act on January 15, 1851, which created fifty counties in the half of the state where county government had not yet been established. Humboldt County was created by this act, containing its present area, as well as four townships in present-day Webster County: Jackson, Deer Creek, Badger, and Newark. It was named after Alexander von Humboldt. On January 21, 1855, an act merged the northern half of Humboldt County and Bancroft County into Kossuth County, with the southern half of Humboldt County merging into Webster County.
The Sixth General Assembly passed another act, reestablishing Humboldt County. The act was passed on January 28, 1857, and went into effect on February 26. However, an error omitted the lower four townships (Jackson, Deer Creek, Badger, and Newark) from returning to Humboldt County. The error was not caught until the next session of the general assembly, and the general assembly passed a bill redefining Humboldt County to include the four townships on March 11, 1858. However, in the interceding time, the Constitution of Iowa came into effect, including the provision that "future laws altering county boundaries should be submitted to a vote of the people of the counties concerned and must be approved by them before going into effect". In a court case originating in the disputed area, the Iowa Supreme Court was asked to decide which county court had original jurisdiction. In their clarification, they ruled the March 11, 1858 clarification of Humboldt County's boundaries unconstitutional, as it had not been submitted to a public vote in the counties involved. In his decision, Chief Justice Ralph P. Lowe wrote, "We are compelled to conclude that township 90, in ranges 27 to 30, west of the 5th principal meridian, is still in and forms a part of Webster county. Of course we can pay no attention to conjectural surmises and vague suspicions, which have been made and entertained in relation to some unfairness which may have been practiced in the final passage of the act of 1857, creating the county of Humboldt. If such was the case, no evidence of the fact has been presented to us." The "vague suspicions" include a rumor that John Duncombe of Fort Dodge (namesake of Duncombe, Iowa and plaintiff in the lawsuit) had tricked Humboldt County into ceding the southern four townships to Webster County "on loan", or was otherwise responsible for the "error".
In 1872, Humboldt College was opened and closed in 1916 because there was no agreement with the county about taxation.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has an area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water.
Unlike all counties to its east and west, Humboldt County has only 12 townships. Although founded with the standard 16 townships on January 15, 1851, the county was removed from existence in 1855.
Adjacent counties
Kossuth County (north)
Wright County (east)
Webster County (south)
Pocahontas County (west)
Ecology
Humboldt County is located entirely within the Des Moines Lobe of the Western Corn Belt Plains ecoregion, as defined by the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). One of the flattest regions in Iowa, the Des Moines Lobe ecoregion is a distinctive area naturally defined by Wisconsin glaciation but modified by humans for extensive agriculture. In general, the land is level to gently rolling with some areas of relief defined by glacial features like moraines, hummocky knobs, and kettles, and outwash deposits. The lobe does not have any loess deposits like the Loess Hills to the west.
The stream network is poorly developed and widely spaced, with major rivers carving valleys that are relatively deep and steep-sided. Almost all of the natural lakes of Iowa are found in the northern part of this region (the Iowa Great Lakes). Most of the region has been converted from wet prairie to agricultural use with substantial surface water drainage. Only a small fraction of the wetlands remain, and many natural lakes have been drained as a result of agricultural drainage projects via drainage tiles or ditches.
Hydrology
Humboldt County is located within the Des Moines River watershed. The East and West Forks of the Des Moines River merge at Frank Gotch State Park in southern Humboldt County. The eastern part of Humboldt County is within the Boone River watershed, a tributary of the Des Moines.
Protected areas
While Humboldt County does not have any state parks, it has county parks. South of Humboldt is Frank A. Gotch County Park. It is named for Frank Gotch, a world-champion, undefeated wrestler from Humboldt. The park is near his childhood farm and is also home to the confluence of the East and West Forks of the Des Moines River. The park features campgrounds and a well-known converted railroad bridge used by the Minneapolis and St. Louis Railway. The bridge is part of the Three Rivers Trail, a converted rail route that runs from Eagle Grove west to Rolfe.
Near Bradgate is the Willow Access Area. The terrain is very wooded. In south Rutland is Rose Mill Park. The area can be used for camping and also has access to the Rutland Dam and West Fork of the Des Moines River. The dam is being restored, and most of the park is new. The river is known for its forested limestone bluffs and grassy banks.
Further downriver near Humboldt is Oxbow Park, which contains boating access ramps and much scenic open space. The park's southern border is Iowa Highway 3, and south of that is Joe Sheldon County Park. The park is split into two sections, one mostly for camping and one focused on recreation. There is access to the West Fork of the Des Moines River from the lower part of the park.
Continuing along the river, the Lake Nokomis area begins, popular for its woods and small ponds. The Cottonwood Trail also runs through the area.
West of Livermore, Lott's Park allows access to Lott's Creek. The park has many benches and picnic tables. South of Ottosen is the Ottosen Marsh State Game Management Area, colloquially the Ottosen Potholes. East of Dakota City is the Dakota City River Park, near an old dam and the Humboldt County Historical Museum. Near the unincorporated community of Pioneer is the Pioneer Prairie Pothole Wildlife Area.
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 9,597 in the county, with a population density of . 96.79% of the population reported being of one race. 88.47% were non-Hispanic White, 0.58% were Black, 4.48% were Hispanic, 0.17% were Native American, 0.22% were Asian, 0.06% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 6.02% were some other race or more than one race. There were 4,571 housing units, of which 4,073 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 9,815 in the county, with a population density of . There were 4,684 housing units, of which 4,209 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 10,381 people, 4,295 households, and 2,881 families residing in the county. The population density was 24 people per square mile (9/km2). There were 4,645 housing units at an average density of 11 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.63% White, 0.11% Black or African American, 0.06% Native American, 0.23% Asian, 0.10% Pacific Islander, 0.40% from other races, and 0.47% from two or more races. 0.96% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,295 households, out of which 29.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.40% were married couples living together, 6.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.90% were non-families. 29.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.94.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.90% under the age of 18, 7.00% from 18 to 24, 24.60% from 25 to 44, 22.50% from 45 to 64, and 21.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 95.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $38,201, and the median income for a family was $46,510. Males had a median income of $31,004 versus $22,312 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,300. About 5.30% of families and 8.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.80% of those under age 18 and 5.10% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Bode
Bradgate
Dakota City
Gilmore City
Hardy
Humboldt
Livermore
Lu Verne
Ottosen
Renwick
Rutland
Thor
Unincorporated communities
Arnold
Pioneer
Ghost town
Unique
Townships
Avery
Beaver
Corinth
Delana
Grove
Humboldt
Lake
Norway
Rutland
Vernon
Wacousta
Weaver
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Humboldt County.
† county seat
Politics
Infrastructure
Major highways
U.S. Highway 169
Iowa Highway 3
Iowa Highway 15
Iowa Highway 17
Humboldt County routes
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Humboldt County, Iowa
References
External links
Humboldt County website
1857 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1857
Alexander von Humboldt
The Town of Masoudieh is a neighborhood located in the 15th municipal district of Tehran.
Population
In 2011, Masoudieh had a population of 74,500 people.
Note
Neighbourhoods in Tehran
Strange People is a 1933 American mystery film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring John Darrow, Gloria Shea and Hale Hamilton.
Cast
John Darrow as Jimmy Allen - the Auto Salesman
Gloria Shea as Helen Mason - the Secretary
Hale Hamilton as J.E.Burton - the Attorney
Wilfred Lucas as John Davis
J. Frank Glendon as Robert Crandall - the Butler
Michael Visaroff as Edwards - the Caretaker
Jack Pennick as The Plumber
Jerry Mandy as Tony Scabolotto - the Barber
Lew Kelly as Smith - the Insurance Agent
Jane Keckley as Mrs. Reed - the Seamstress
Mary Foy as Mrs. Jones - the Housekeeper
Frank LaRue as Kelly
Stanley Blystone as Al Burke
Walter Brennan as The Radio Repairman
References
Bibliography
Michael R. Pitts. Poverty Row Studios, 1929–1940: An Illustrated History of 55 Independent Film Companies, with a Filmography for Each. McFarland & Company, 2005.
External links
1933 films
1933 mystery films
American mystery films
Films directed by Richard Thorpe
Chesterfield Pictures films
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Hicks Creek may refer to:
Hicks Creek (Susquehanna River), a stream in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania
Hicks Creek (Texas), a stream in Bandera County
Mondi Lontanissimi (Italian: "Very Distant Worlds") is an album by Italian singer-songwriter Franco Battiato, released by EMI Italiana in 1985.
Overview
The central theme of most of the songs on the album is travelling, either on Earth or in space; for example "Via Lattea", "No Time No Space" and "I treni di Tozeur" speak of astronauts, telescopes and spaceships. "Temporary Road" is a song about drivers who sit in their cars in traffic jams every day, a slow first part in English and a second part in Italian. "Il Re del Mondo" is an older song, inspired by René Guenon's theories, released again in a re-arranged version,.
Also in 1985, Battiato re-recorded the songs "No Time No Space", "Temporary Road", "Il Re del Mondo", "Chan-son Egocentrique" (first recorded by Alice on her 1982 album Azimut), "I treni di Tozeur" and "L'animale", translated into English on his album Echoes of Sufi Dances and into Spanish on Ecos de Danzas Sufi.
"I treni di Tozeur" was originally performed by Battiato and his female colleague Alice in the Eurovision Song Contest 1984, gaining the 5th place in a field of 19. On Mondi lontanissimi Battiato sings this song by himself.
Track listing
Side A
"Via Lattea" (Franco Battiato) - 4:50
"Risveglio di Primavera" (Battiato, Giusto Pio) - 3:29
"No Time No Space" (Battiato, Pio, Saro Cosentino) - 3:25
"Personal computer" (Battiato, Cosentino) - 2:38
Side B
"Temporary Road" (Battiato, Pio) - 2:47
"Il Re del Mondo" (Battiato) - 3:26
"Chan-son Egocentrique" (Francesco Messina, Battiato, Tommaso Tramonti) - 4:12
"I treni di Tozeur" (Battiato, Pio, Cosentino) - 3:07
"L'animale" (Battiato) - 3:18
Personnel
Filippo Destrieri - Keyboards
Gianfrando D'Adda - Drums
Alberto Radius - Guitars
Alfredo Riccardi - Cello
Marilyn Turner - Lyric voice
Lino Vaccina - Tabla
Citations
External links
Page at Battiato's official website
Discogs.com entry
Rateyourmusic.com entry
1985 albums
Franco Battiato albums
Italian-language albums
Discotheque Barbarella was a discoteque in Växjö, Sweden, prominent in the 1970s. In a city of very limited entertainment, Barbarella played a central role. The disco opened in 1971 in an industrial area in the outskirts and drew crowds from many parts of southeastern Sweden. It closed in 1992.
Concerts at Barbarella
The brains behind Barbarella succeeded in attracting many well-known Swedish and international bands of the 1970s to perform in Växjö. Notable concerts are as follows:
Colosseum, 1971
Manfred Mann's Earth Band, 5 October 1973
John Holm, 31 January 1975
Thin Lizzy, 18 October 1975
AC/DC, 23 July 1976
Sex Pistols, 23–24 July 1977
The Groundhogs
Procol Harum
Status Quo
Doctors of Madness
Sweet
John Cale
Eric Burdon of The Animals
Savage Rose
Pugh Rogefeldt
Hoola Bandoola Band
Tasavallan presidentti
Ekseption
Gasolin
The Troggs
Ian Hunter of Mott the Hoople
References
External links
smp.se
acc.umu.se
Thin Lizzy dates
Manfred Manns turnélista
Nightclubs in Sweden
1971 establishments in Sweden
1992 disestablishments in Sweden
Buildings and structures in Växjö
Music venues completed in 1971
Arterial blood is the oxygenated blood in the circulatory system found in the pulmonary vein, the left chambers of the heart, and in the arteries. It is bright red in color, while venous blood is dark red in color (but looks purple through the translucent skin). It is the contralateral term to venous blood.
Framed in the cardiac cycle, often historically accredited to the Wiggers diagram, arterial blood has just passed through the lungs and is ready to boost oxygen to sustain the peripheral organs. The essential difference between venous and arterial blood is the curve of the oxygen saturation of haemoglobin. The difference in the oxygen content of the blood between the arterial blood and the venous blood is known as the arteriovenous oxygen difference.
See also
Acidosis
Alkalosis
Arterial blood gas
Chemical equilibrium
Oxygen saturation
pH
pKa
References
Blood
Hematology
Renouf is a family name of Norman origin. The name derives from the Norse settlement of Normandy, from the Old Norse words 'ragn' (council, advisor) and 'ulf' (wolf).
People with this name include:
Alan Renouf (1919–2008), former senior Australian Government official
Brent Renouf (born 1988), Australian rules footballer
Émile Renouf (1845–1894), French painter and draughtsman
Frank Renouf (1918–1998), New Zealand tycoon and husband successively of Susan and Michèle Renouf
George Renouf (1878–1961), Canadian politician
Michèle Renouf (born 1946), former Australian-born advertising actress, third wife of Frank Renouf, and defender of Holocaust deniers' legal rights
Peter le Page Renouf (1822–1897), British Egyptologist
Steve Renouf (born 1970), Australian rugby league footballer
Susan Renouf (born 1940), Australian socialite and second wife of Frank Renouf
Prof. L. P. W. Renouf (1887–1968), Irish biologist
Notes
Surnames of Norman origin
Paralcaligenes ginsengisoli is a Gram-negative, strictly aerobic and motile bacterium from the genus Paralcaligenes which has been isolated from soil from ginseng field in Yeoncheon County in Korea.
References
Burkholderiales
Bacteria described in 2015
Mogilnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Siedliszcze, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Robert Justice (March 15, 1809 – October 2, 1889) was an early statesman in the U.S. state of Ohio. He began his political career in 1840 after being elected to the position of county recorder of Holmes County. Following the end of his term in 1843 he was elected as auditor of that same county. He served as a state senator for Ohio representing the counties of Holmes, Wayne, Knox, and Morrow in 1866.
Robert Justice is best known for his nine consecutive terms which he served as justice of the peace in Holmes County.
Personal life
Robert Justice was born in Hookstown in Beaver County, Pennsylvania on March 15, 1809. He was the son of Joseph Justice and his wife Elizabeth Catherine Ball. Elizabeth was an immigrant from County Donegal in Ireland. Shortly after his birth, Robert, his parents, and his older sister, Catherine, moved to Columbiana County, Ohio, where they lived for the rest of his childhood.
In 1833 he moved to Millersburg, Holmes County, Ohio where he began work as a schoolteacher and later served for six years as a school examiner.
On May 14, 1833 Robert married Martha Robeson the daughter of Charles Robeson. They were married in Washington Township in Holmes County. The couple had two daughters: Virginia and Elizabeth C. Virginia married Dr. William Morrison Ross a prominent member of the Millersburg community who had also served in the American Civil War as a captain. Martha died in 1866.
Virginia and her husband had five children, of whom only one survived to adulthood. Her surviving daughter married the grandson of Daniel Parkhurst Leadbetter making Robert Justice, Leadbetter, and McCormick related through marriage.
Death
Robert Justice died on October 2, 1889 in Holmes County. He was survived by his two daughters and by one granddaughter. He was buried in Oak Hill Cemetery in Millersburg.
Sources
Commemorative Biographical of the Counties of Wayne and Holmes, Ohio 1889
Dickinson, Marguerite "Obituaries Abstracted From Holmes County, Ohio Office Papers in Farmer HUB Office" (Holmes County Historical Society and Western Reserve Historical Society).
Birth and Death Records for Holmes County 1878-1893 in Probate Court in Millersburg.
1870 U.S. Federal Census
Records extracted from Oak Hill Cemetery, Millersburg, Holmes County, Ohio
McNamara, Walter L. and Elizabeth Ross McNamara "Baby's Record of Virginia McNamara." 1902.
Letter by David R. McNamara to his son Walter, June 8, 1904
Will of Mary Leadbetter
Will of Robert Justice
Walmer, Margaret B. "100 Years at Warrington, York County, Pennsylvania Quakers." (1989 Heritage Books Inc.).
1809 births
1889 deaths
People from Beaver County, Pennsylvania
People from Millersburg, Ohio
Ohio state senators
19th-century American politicians
Edward Shippen (1639, Methley, West Yorkshire, England – October 2, 1712, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was the second mayor of Philadelphia, although under William Penn's charter of 1701, he was considered the first.
Early life
Edward was born in Methley to his parents, William and Mary, whom were married there on July 16, 1626. Shippen's father was settled in the village of his birth, Monk Fryston, before he migrated to Methley. Monk Fryston is closely linked to the village of Hillam, which was where the Shippen family had hailed from, possibly as early as the thirteenth century according to family tradition.
Political and legal career
Shippen was appointed to a one-year term by William Penn in 1701. In 1702, he was elected to a second one-year term, making him the first elected mayor of Philadelphia. He was also a leader of the Province of Pennsylvania, and served as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania in 1699. He also served as the chief executive for the Province of Pennsylvania as the President of the Provincial Council between 1703 and 1704.
Shippen first lived in Boston, where, according to family oral history, he was whipped for being a Quaker before being invited by William Penn to move his merchant business to the new city of Philadelphia.
After the sudden death of Deputy Governor Andrew Hamilton in 1703, Shippen, by virtue of being the president of the Provincial Council, became the chief executive of the Province of Pennsylvania. It was during his term that the Lower Three Counties (modern day Delaware) elected their own Assembly and acted in their own interests. These counties, however, remained under the Penn Proprietorship and their appointed Deputy Governors until 1776 when Delaware became an independent state.
Personal life
He married Elizabeth Lybrand, a Quaker, in 1671 and became a member of that sect. She died in Boston in 1688. Shippen married, secondly, at Newport, R. I., on September 4, 1689, Rebecca, widow of Francis Richardson, of New York, and daughter of John Howard, of Yorkshire, England. She died in Philadelphia on February 26, 1704, or 1705. He then married at Philadelphia in 1706, Esther, widow of Philip James, and daughter of John Wilcox. She died on August 7, 1724.
Shippen had multiple children with his wives, with many dying at a young age. His children are as follows; Frances (b.1672-d.1673), Edward (b.1674-d.1674), William (b.1675-d.1676), Eliza (b.1676-d.infant), Edward (b.1677-d.1714), Joseph (b.1678-d.1741), Mary (b.1681-d.1688), Anne (b.1684-d.1712), Elizabeth (b.1691-d.?), John (b.? - d.infant), and William (b. ? - d.1731).
One of Shippen's grandsons was Continental Congressman William Shippen. A granddaughter was the wife of Philadelphia Mayor Charles Willing, whose daughter was Mary Willing Byrd. Another grandson, Edward Shippen III, was also a mayor of Philadelphia. Shippen's great-great-granddaughter was Peggy Shippen, wife of Benedict Arnold.
See also
List of colonial governors of Pennsylvania
Philadelphia history and timeline
References
External links
Biography from Lawmaking and Legislators in Pennsylvania, Vol. One, 1682–1709, pp. 666–669
Biography at Virtualology.com
1639 births
1712 deaths
People from Cheshire
Kingdom of England emigrants to the Thirteen Colonies
Colonial American merchants
People of colonial Pennsylvania
People from colonial Boston
Mayors of Philadelphia
Members of the Pennsylvania Provincial Assembly
Members of the Pennsylvania Provincial Council
Edward Shippen
Fish Creek (also known as Fish or Fish Creek Station) is an unincorporated community in Polk County, Georgia, United States.
History
A post office was established as Fish in 1874, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1934. The community took its name from nearby Fish Creek.
References
Unincorporated communities in Polk County, Georgia
Unincorporated communities in Georgia (U.S. state)
Franklin station may refer to:
Franklin station (Calgary), a light rail station in Calgary, Alberta
Franklin station (Sacramento), a light rail station in Sacramento, California
Franklin metro station, a metro station in Santiago, Chile
Franklin D. Roosevelt (Paris Métro), a metro station in Paris, France
Franklin/Dean College station, a commuter rail station in Franklin, Massachusetts
Franklin Park station, a commuter rail station in Franklin Park, Illinois
Franklin Square (IRT Third Avenue Line), a demolished elevated station in New York City, New York
Franklin Square station, an unused commuter rail station in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Franklin Street (IRT Broadway–Seventh Avenue Line), a subway station in New York City, New York
Franklin Street (IRT Sixth Avenue Line), a former elevated station in New York City, New York
Franklin Street (IRT Ninth Avenue Line), a former elevated station in New York City, New York
Franklin Street station (Pennsylvania), a bus station and former railroad station in Reading, Pennsylvania
Belmont Avenue station, a commuter rail station in Franklin Park, Illinois, also known as Franklin Park-Belmont Avenue
Ben Franklin Station, a proposed renaming of 30th Street Station in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Chicago station (CTA Brown and Purple Lines), an elevated station in Chicago, Illinois, sometimes called Chicago/Franklin
John W. Olver Transit Center, an regional transit hub in Franklin County, Massachusetts
See also
Franklin Avenue Station (disambiguation)
Mika Aereen Marcaliñas Reyes (born June 21, 1994) is a Filipino volleyball player. She is a Middle Hitter/Blocker and is currently playing in the PVL Premier Volleyball League in the Philippines.
Early life
Reyes grew up in Pulilan, Bulacan with her parents and four other siblings. Her family owns a resort named after their hometown.
She finished her high school studies at St. Scholastica's College, Manila. She then got recruited and enrolled to De La Salle University. She took up AB Psychology and graduated on June 18, 2016.
Career
Reyes was named Best Attacker at the 2013 PVF Intercollegiate Volleyball Championship and Most Valuable Player in the 2015 edition.
Reyes won the 2014 Philippine National Games Best Blocker award, and was the 1st Best Middle Blocker in its 2015 edition. She was part of the DLSU Lady Spikers champion teams of UAAP Season 74, Season 75, and Season 78. Playing under F2 Logistics, she was named as the brand ambassador of the Philippine Super Liga for its 2016 season. On July 28, 2016, Reyes was selected as the 7th and final volleyball player to join the Philippine special representative team to compete in the 2016 FIVB Volleyball Women's Club World Championship.
On January 11, 2017, Reyes signed a two-year deal with the Petron Blaze Spikers.
She was a member of the PSL selections that competed in the 2016 FIVB Volleyball Women's Club World Championship, the 2017 Asian Women's Club Volleyball Championship in Kazakhstan, and the 2017 Annual H.R.H. Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn's Cup in Thailand, where they won the bronze medal.
Reyes was named team captain of the Philippine women's volleyball national team in May 2017. The team competed in the 2017 Asian Championship, and the 2017 Southeast Asian Games in Malaysia.
With Petron Blaze Spikers, Reyes won the 2017 PSL Invitational Cup silver medal, the 2017 PSL All-Filipino Conference gold medal with the Second Best Middle Blocker award, and silver medal in the 2017 PSL Grand Prix Conference with the First Best Middle Blocker award.
Clubs
Meralco Power Spikers (2015)
F2 Logistics Cargo Movers (2016)
Petron Blaze Spikers (2017–2019)
Sta. Lucia Lady Realtors (2020–2021)
PLDT High Speed Hitters (2022–present)
Awards
Individuals
2013 PVF Intercollegiate Championship "Best Attacker"
2014 Philippine National Games "Best Blocker"
2015 Philippine National Games "1st Best Middle Blocker"
2015 PVF Intercollegiate Championship "Most Valuable Player"
2017 PSL All-Filipino "2nd Best Middle Blocker"
2017 PSL Grand Prix "1st Best Middle Blocker"
2018 PSL Grand Prix "2nd Best Middle Blocker"
2018 Philippine Super Liga Invitational Cup "1st Best Middle Blocker"
2022 Premier Volleyball League Invitational Conference "1st Best Middle Blocker"
Recognitions
2017 DLSAA Lasallian Sports Achievement Award
2016 Philippine Super Liga Ambassadress
2016 Philippine Sports Association Miss Volleyball
Collegiate
UAAP Season 74 volleyball tournaments - Champions, with DLSU Lady Spikers
UAAP Season 75 volleyball tournaments - Champions, with DLSU Lady Spikers
UAAP Season 76 volleyball tournaments - Silver medal, with DLSU Lady Spikers
UAAP Season 77 volleyball tournaments - Silver medal, with DLSU Lady Spikers
UAAP Season 78 volleyball tournaments - Champions, with DLSU Lady Spikers
Clubs
2016 Philippine Super Liga All-Filipino – Champion, with F2 Logistics Cargo Movers
2016 Philippine Super Liga Grand Prix – Bronze medal, with F2 Logistics Cargo Movers
2017 Philippine Super Liga Invitational – Silver medal, with Petron Blaze Spikers
2017 Philippine Super Liga All-Filipino – Champion, with Petron Blaze Spikers
2017 H.R.H. Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn's Cup – Bronze medal, with Philippine Super Liga All-Stars
2017 Philippine Super Liga Grand Prix – Silver medal, with Petron Blaze Spikers
2018 Philippine Super Liga All-Filipino –
Champion, with Petron Blaze Spikers
2018 Philippine SuperLiga Grand Prix – Champion, with Petron Blaze Spikers
2018 Philippine Super Liga Invitational – Silver medal, with Petron Blaze Spikers
2019 Philippine SuperLiga Grand Prix – Champion, with Petron Blaze Spikers
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Filipino women's volleyball players
University Athletic Association of the Philippines volleyball players
Sportspeople from Bulacan
De La Salle University alumni
Middle blockers
St. Scholastica's College Manila alumni
Competitors at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games
Volleyball players at the 2018 Asian Games
Competitors at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for the Philippines
Southeast Asian Games competitors for the Philippines
Patrick Joseph McGuinness (born 14 August 1973) is an English actor, comedian and television presenter. He rose to fame with the help of Peter Kay, who invited him to appear in his programmes That Peter Kay Thing, Phoenix Nights and Max and Paddy's Road to Nowhere. He is best known for his roles within Channel 4, ITV and the BBC presenting game shows such as Take Me Out as well as, since 2019, being one of the three hosts of BBC's Top Gear. In 2021, he became the new host of Question of Sport.
Early life and education
McGuinness was born on 14 August 1973 in Farnworth, Lancashire, to Irish parents from County Tipperary, and attended Mount St Joseph High School. It was from his school days in Farnworth that McGuinness formed his close friendship with Peter Kay.
Career
Television
McGuinness made his television debut in 1995 as a contestant for the show God's Gift. He also appeared in the second series of the Sky 1 show The Match. On 15 May 2006, McGuinness hosted Inside Wayne Rooney on Sky 1, a programme where he completed different tasks to see the difference between him and the professional footballer.
McGuinness' other television work includes his own Chuck Stryker: The Unknown Stuntman on E4 which he wrote and starred in opposite Jonathan Wrather and a few other familiar faces.
McGuinness presented Stars in Their Cars, a series for the Travel Channel in 2016.
Rory and Paddy
First airing on 13 August 2008, McGuinness co-starred in a television series with British comedian Rory McGrath, broadcast on Channel 5, Rory and Paddy's Great British Adventure. This was a four-part series in which McGuinness and McGrath embark on a nationwide road-trip, "on a mission to explore Britain's sporting heritage by probing the hidden life of its towns and villages". The series focuses on arcane sports, such as cheese rolling. A second series began on 20 September 2010 on Channel 5.
Channel 4
On 29 November 2006, McGuinness guest hosted The Paul O'Grady Show while O'Grady took the week off. He presented the entertainment series Hotel GB in 2012, however the show was later cancelled. On 18 January 2013, McGuinness presented Paddy's TV Guide, consisting of eight episodes. In October 2014 McGuinness narrated the three-part charity series Stars at Your Service for Channel 4. In 2015, he presented the Channel 4 daytime game show series Benchmark for 30 episodes as well as five celebrity editions.
ITV
In 2007, McGuinness presented Raiders of the Lost Archive, where he and his guests watched TV shows they had appeared in years ago, which they had previously thought were lost. From 2010 until 2019, McGuinness hosted the ITV dating show Take Me Out.
He guest presented a number of episodes of This Morning in July 2010, a role to which he returned in 2011. He hosted the second series of 71 Degrees North with Charlotte Jackson in 2011. On 29 December 2012, he hosted a one-off special Paddy's Show and Telly. The show returned for a second special, which aired on 22 December 2013.
McGuinness hosted the comedy panel show Mad Mad World for seven episodes in summer 2012. Two episodes were recorded but never aired. McGuinness was one of the presenters of Christmas telethon Text Santa. In 2012 and 2013, McGuinness co-hosted one hour of the telethon with Christine Bleakley, although Alesha Dixon was his co-presenter for the 2014 appeal.
In 2013, McGuinness co-presented talent show series Your Face Sounds Familiar with Alesha Dixon. In 2014, McGuinness co-hosted the Saturday night game show Amazing Greys alongside Angela Rippon. In 2015, he regularly starred in the ITV2 comedy show The Keith Lemon Sketch Show.
McGuinness played the role of policeman Ian in the ITV comedy The Delivery Man, beginning in April 2015. In 2015, McGuinness guest starred in six episodes of Coronation Street, playing the role of Dougie Ryan. The episodes were shown in August. On Christmas Eve in 2015 he presented one-off ITV special, The ABBA Christmas Party
He starred in the ITV comedy series The Keith & Paddy Picture Show with Keith Lemon in 2017. It returned for a second series in April 2018. In January 2018, McGuinness presented The Greatest TV Moments of All Time, a one-off special for ITV.
McGuinness has appeared as a panellist on numerous episodes of Keith Lemon's shows Celebrity Juice and Through the Keyhole. In 2019, he replaced Fearne Cotton as team captain on the former show. He left after one series due to other work commitments.
Paddy co-presented two episodes of Even Better Than the Real Thing on BBC One. McGuinness presented Paddy McGuinness' Sport Relief Warm-Up and was one of the presenters for the 2018 Sport Relief show. He provided the voiceover for the BBC series Ready or Not in 2018.
On 22 October 2018, it was announced that McGuinness would be co-presenting series 27 of Top Gear.
In May 2020, it was announced that Top Gear presenters Freddie Flintoff and Paddy McGuinness would host a six-episode best-of series, featuring the presenters narrating classic episodes of the show, called Total Wipeout: Freddie and Paddy Takeover. The first episode aired on 8 August 2020 and received negative reviews.
In July 2021, it was announced that McGuinness will be replacing Sue Barker as host of BBC game show Question of Sport for its 51st series. On 1 December 2021 a frank and emotive documentary, Paddy and Christine McGuinness: Our Family And Autism was screened on BBC 1.
Radio
McGuinness had his own radio show on Bauer City 1 stations across the North of England on Sunday mornings from 9am until 12 noon. His show ran from 2014 until 2017.
Tours
In 2005 and 2006, McGuinness toured the UK, performing 108 shows. Paddy McGuinness: The Dark Side Tour was his first solo stand-up tour. While on tour, he reprised his role of Lord Love Rocket from the award-winning comedy Phoenix Nights. From 21 August to 11 December 2008, McGuinness was involved in a second tour – known as the Paddy McGuinness Plus You! Live – which included 76 scheduled dates around the UK and Ireland. The Plus You! Tour featured McGuinness, along with other variety acts that were chosen by him, through a competition that ran on his official website, hence the title of Plus You!
In 2011, he went on his third stand-up tour, called Paddy McGuinness: Saturday Night Live Tour.
In January 2015, he announced that he would be touring across 2015 and 2016 with the "Daddy McGuinness" tour throughout the UK. The tour opened in Scunthorpe on 28 September 2015 and the final date was at the Hammersmith Apollo in London on 27 February 2016.
Books
In September 2010, McGuinness released his first book, My Guide to the North: (and Scotland & Wales, oh, and less important places i.e. the South).
On 28 October 2021, McGuinness released his autobiography, My Lifey.
Other work
From 12 to 27 November 2010, McGuinness starred in the adult pantomime Panto's on Strike at the Opera House, Manchester with Robbie Williams and Jonathan Wilkes. On 17 November 2010, he starred in a UK TV advertising campaign for Victor Chandler, a British bookmaker. In 2010, 2012, 2014, 2016 and 2018, McGuinness took part in the charity football match Soccer Aid, which raises money for Unicef. The match is aired live on ITV.
In 2012, McGuinness played Gary in Keith Lemon: The Film. In 2013, McGuinness joined Pizza Hut as their brand ambassador.
In 2017, McGuinness joined Jackpot Joy as their brand ambassador, taking over from Dame Barbara Windsor.
Personal life
He married Christine Martin on 4 June 2011. The couple have three children; twins Penelope and Leo (b. 2013) and Felicity (b. 2016). During an appearance on The Jonathan Ross Show, McGuinness described fatherhood as "the most fantastic thing ever".
All three of McGuinness's children are autistic, as is their mother. In 2021 they made a BBC documentary Paddy and Christine McGuinness: Our Family and Autism. In June 2018, McGuinness revealed that he had been diagnosed with arthritis several years prior, at the age of 44.
On 22 July 2022, it was announced that McGuiness and Martin had separated, after 11 years of marriage, but will remain living together in their family home.
Filmography
Television
Film
Stand-up DVDs
Live (6 November 2006)
Plus You! Live (17 November 2008)
Live 2011 (21 November 2011)
Paddy Is back Live ( 14 November 2022)
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Official Twitter
Paddy McGuinness soundboard
Paddy McGuinness signs for Victor Chandler
1973 births
Living people
20th-century English comedians
20th-century English male actors
21st-century English comedians
21st-century English male actors
English game show hosts
English male comedians
English male television actors
English male voice actors
English people of Irish descent
English stand-up comedians
English television personalities
English television presenters
Male actors from Lancashire
People from Farnworth
Top Gear people
English autobiographers
Breiðabólsstaðarkirkja () is a Lutheran church at Breiðabólsstaður in Vestur-Húnavatnssýsla, Iceland.
The present church was built on timber in 1893, although the site dates back to around 1100. Hafliði Másson lived at Breiðabólstaður ca 1100. Jón Arason (1484–1550) was linked to the church in the 16th century.
References
External links
Breiðabólsstaðarkirkja on the Icelandic Church Map
Churches in Iceland
Churches completed in 1893
Kick Boxer, also known in the West as Once Upon a Chinese Hero and Once Upon a Time in China 6: Kickboxer, is a 1993 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Wu Ma, who also appears in a supporting role, and produced by and starring Yuen Biao, who also serves as the film's action director, in the title role.
Plot
Lau Chat (Yuen Biao), a young talented martial artist, joins Po Chi Lam to study under master Wong Fei-hung, who is away traveling in Asia. Chat and his friend So (Wu Ma), one of Wong's disciples, were traveling to Hong Kong to buy medicine, and meets a journalist, Siu-ling (Shirley Lui), who was being harassed by foreigners on a ship. Chat helps Siu-ling fend off the foreigners and they strike s friendship. At this time, Ming (Tai Po), a misfit friend of Chat, was smuggling opium for the Chinese Western Chamber of Commerce and sneaks it past security by hiding in Po Chi Lam's medicine pack, to which Chat and So were oblivious.
When Wah (Yuen Wah), the chairman of the Chinese Western Chamber of Commerce, learns of the whereabouts of the opium, he sends his henchman to Po Chi Lam to retrieve it, but the plan was foiled by the Po Chi Lam disciples. This next day, constable Panther (Yen Shi-kwan), Siu-ling's father, leads his troop to raid Po Chi Lam and find the opium and arrests Chat and So to the yamen. Chat, who is disowned by his fellow Po Chi Lam disciples, sneaks into the Chinese Western Chamber of Commerce to clear his name but was caught and beaten. To add insult to his injury, he was scolded by his dai sihing, and he angrily leaves Po Chi Lam. After going through heavy twist and turns and feeling disheartened, Siu-ling encourages him and he works with Panther and goes undercover into the Chinese Western Chamber of Commerce. One time while the Shahe Gang attempted to attack Chairman Wah, Chat steps in to fend off the Shahe Gang and wins Wah's trust. Chat secretly investigates and gather evidence on Wah's crimes and swears to bring him to justice.
Cast
Yuen Biao as Lau Chat (劉七), the film's protagonist.
Shirley Lui as Siu-ling (小菱), Chat's love interest who is a journalist who studied abroad and received western education.
Yuen Wah as Chairman Wah (華會長), the film's antagonist, chairman of the Chinese Western Chamber of Commerce and an opium smuggler.
Wu Ma as Buckteeth So (牙擦蘇), Chat's friend and a disciple of Wong Fei-hung.
Yen Shi-kwan as Gold Panther (山東豹), a constable officer and Siu-ling's father.
Sheila Chin as Jane (阿珍), a disciple of Wong who had a soft spot for Chat.
Chen Shan as a fighter in black tuxedo.
Tai Po as Ming (蛇仔明), Chat's misfit friend who smuggles opium for Wah.
Louis Roth
Chin Shih-erh as Wah's henchman.
Yuen Miu
Chu Lo-kong
Chu Tau as Wah's henchman.
Lau Fong-sai as Wah's henchman.
Cheung Tung-sing
Lo Hoi-chiu as the leader of the Shahe Gang.
Ko Shut-fung
Siu Lap-yan
Ko Chi-wong
Suen Siu-wai
Chui Hok-ming
Choi Yat-chow
Tin Hiu-hung
Leung Kwan-keung
Leung Wing-king
Leung Yee-ching
Ng Siu-ling
Chan Shiu-lang
Martin Klukham
Tarek Boschko
Robert Kirk
Reception
Critical reception
J. Doyle Wallis of DVD Talk gave the film a score of 2.5 out of 5 stars and criticizes it as an apparent imitator of Once Upon a Time in China. Paul Bramhall of City on Fire gave the film a score of 7.5/10 and praises the film's action choreography and creativity and singles out Yen Shi-kwan's performance. Andrew Saroch of Far East Films gave the film of score of 4 out of 5 stars, praising the film action choreography and describes Yuen Biao's performance as "charming", and notes how the film's apparent budget constraints did detract the quality of the film. Hong Kong Film Net gave the film a score of 6 out of 10, noting its generic plot with the action scenes being the film's saving grace.
Box office
The film grossed a total of HK$7,606,886 at the Hong Kong box office during its theatrical run from 6 to 17 February 1993.
See also
Yuen Biao filmography
Yuen Wah filmography
References
External links
Kick Boxer at Hong Kong Cinemagic
1993 films
1993 martial arts films
1990s action films
Hong Kong action films
Hong Kong martial arts films
Kung fu films
1990s Cantonese-language films
Films directed by Wu Ma
Films about the illegal drug trade
Films set in Hong Kong
Films shot in Hong Kong
Films set in the Qing dynasty
1990s Hong Kong films
George Fox is the debut album by Canadian country music artist George Fox. It was released by Warner Music Canada in 1988. The album peaked at number 16 on the RPM Country Albums chart and was certified gold by the CRIA.
Track listing
"Angelina" – 3:25
"RBJ" – 4:13
"Goldmine" – 3:58
"State Side" – 3:22
"Lovesick Blues" – 2:53
"Hey Johnny" – 3:52
"I've Been Everywhere" – 3:51
"Long Distance" – 3:48
"Heartwreck" – 3:44
"Life of the Party" – 4:03
Chart performance
References
External links
[ George Fox] at Allmusic
1988 debut albums
George Fox albums
Adolf Kurz (22 April 1888 – 1959) was a German wrestler. He competed in the middleweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1888 births
1959 deaths
Date of death missing
Place of death missing
Olympic wrestlers of Germany
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
German male sport wrestlers
People from Göppingen
Sportspeople from Stuttgart (region)
Karl Heinz Göller (1924–2009) was a noted German medievalist and founder of the Mediävistenverband, the German association for medieval studies.
Biography
Karl Heinz Göller was born in Neheim-Hüsten (now Arnsberg) near Dortmund, Germany, in 1924. He served from 1942 as a signalman in the airforce and was a prisoner of war until 1945. After the war he studied English in Bonn, submitting a doctorate on the 18th-century poet James Thomson in 1955, and a Habilitation on English Arthurian literature in 1962. He taught at the Universities of Bonn and Göttingen before assuming the chair of British Literature at the University of Regensburg in 1967, a position he held until his retirement in 1992. In 1973 he served as president of the Deutscher Anglistenverband, a learned society for English scholars in Germany, and in 1983 he delivered the plenary at the International Congress on Medieval Studies at Western Michigan University.
Göller was the inspiration behind the founding of the Mediävistenverband, which he had imagined as a "Medieval Academy of Europe" parallel to the Medieval Academy of America, and was its president from its inception in 1983 until 1989.
The same European vision lay behind his later connections with Eastern Europe: after the collapse of Communism, Göller championed the idea of recreating a Central European intellectual sphere, and in particular used his influence to support English studies in Poland.
From among his students, Uwe Böker, Renate Haas, Christoph Houswitschka, Anke Janssen, Franz Meier, and Richard Utz became leading researchers in the field of English and Medieval Studies.
Göller was widely admired for the number and range of his publications: six books and over 110 essays on topics as diverse as the Old English elegies, Chaucer, Shakespeare, Shelley, T. S. Eliot, Sylvia Plath, Ted Hughes, nursery rhymes and science fiction.
Main publications
König Arthur in der englischen Literatur des späten Mittelalters, Göttingen 1963.
Epochen der englischen Lyrik, Düsseldorf 1970.
Geschichte der altenglischen Literatur, Berlin 1971.
Romance and Novel: Die Anfänge des englischen Romans, Regensburg 1972.
Festschriften
Three collections of essays were published in Göller's honour:
Uwe Böker, Manfred Markus and Rainer Schöwerling (ed.), The Living Middle Ages: Studies in Mediaeval English Literature and Its Tradition: A Festschrift for Karl Heinz Göller, Regensburg 1989.
Władysław Witalisz (ed.), And gladly wolde he lerne and gladly teche: Studies on Language and Literature in Honour of Professor Dr. Karl Heinz Göller, Kraków 2001.
Uwe Böker (ed.), Of Remembraunce the Keye: Medieval Literature and Its Impact through the Ages: Festschrift for Karl Heinz Göller on the Occasion of his 80th Birthday, Frankfurt 2004.
A conference section in his honour was held at the International Congress on Medieval Studies in Kalamazoo in May 2010.
Further reading
Göller, Karl Heinz, in Wer ist Wer? – Das deutsche Who's Who, 48 (2009/2010).
Rolf Breuer, "Karl-Heinz Göller, Regensburg, zum 80. Geburtstag", Anglistik, 15 (2004), 2, 218-220.
Wilhelm Busse, "Nachruf Karl Heinz Göller 1924-2009", Das Mittelalter, Perspektiven mediävistischer Forschung, 14 (2009) 162-163.
Richard Utz, "In Memoriam Karl Heinz Göller", obituary on the website of the Anglistenverband (), originally published in Perspicuitas, Internet-Periodical, January 2010.
1924 births
2009 deaths
German male non-fiction writers
German medievalists
Nachalnik Komandy (, literally – chief of team, director of team) is a non-playing position of association football in the Soviet Union and the Russian Federation and some post-Soviet states.
The sports position of Nachalnik Komandy appeared in the Soviet football in the mid 1950s and in 1990 replaced a position of coach deputy in political affairs (political director) that existed since after the World War II. The main role of a political director was organization of political lecturing (politzaniatie), composition of written characteristics (reviews) on players, reporting to leadership about morale and political condition of a collective.
Created following the World War II (the Great Patriotic War in the Soviet phraseology), the post was part of the Communist Party and KGB structure, but after the ban against the Communist Part, associated with the failed 1991 coup-d'état, it partially changed its duties officially leaving out its propaganda of communism and the Soviet lifestyle. Since 1990 the post of Nachalnik Komandy performs clerical duties in a club.
See also
Director of football
References
External links
Kovalyov, I. How this works. Nachalniki Komandy of the Russian Premier League (Как это работает. Начальники команд РФПЛ). Championat.com. 9 July 2017
Copy of the official instruction of the post (Government of Ukraine, 2002). Chief of team in type of sports (national team, club team) (Начальник команды по виду спорта (сборной, клубной)). Borovik.com.
Association football terminology
Occupations in the Communist Party of the Soviet Union
Propaganda in the Soviet Union
Season 1878–79 was the fourth season in which Heart of Midlothian competed at a Scottish national level, entering the Scottish Cup for the fourth time.
Overview
Hearts reached the fourth round of the Scottish Cup, losing 2–1 to Helensburgh.
Hearts also reached the final of the Edinburgh FA Cup losing 2–0 to Hibs after a replay.
Results
Scottish cup
Edinburgh FA Cup
See also
List of Heart of Midlothian F.C. seasons
References
Statistical Record 78-79
External links
Official Club website
Heart of Midlothian F.C. seasons
Hea
NSMA may refer to:
National Sports Media Association
Maota Airport
The Pinty's Dirt Truck Race, also known as the Pinty's Dirt Race at Bristol and the Pinty's Truck Race on Dirt, is a NASCAR Camping World Truck Series race at Bristol Motor Speedway. The inaugural race took place in 2021 in support of the NASCAR Cup Series' Food City Dirt Race.
, the event is one of two dirt track races on the Truck Series calendar alongside the Corn Belt Weekend at Knoxville Raceway.
History
In 2013, the Truck Series raced at Eldora Speedway in NASCAR's first dirt track race since 1970. Known as the Eldora Dirt Derby, the event ran from 2013 to 2019; it was canceled in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and was then removed from the 2021 schedule.
Bristol Motor Speedway, a half-mile concrete short track, had its surface covered by clay when it hosted the World of Outlaws dirt late model and sprint car tours in 2000 and 2001. Although successful with over 85,000 in average attendance, the race was canceled after its second year due to logistical difficulties: 14,000 truckloads of materials were needed to convert the track to dirt regulations, which resulted in damage to the streets outside, with 8,000 cubic feet of red clay being hauled in from a nearby farm for the surface. The track also had to be widened from 12 to 14 feet and the banking was reduced from 36 to 23 degrees.
On September 30, 2020, NASCAR revealed the 2021 Cup Series schedule, which featured a spring dirt race at Bristol that replaced the existing event on Bristol's normal concrete surface. The Truck Series followed suit in its schedule release on November 19, with the Pinty's Dirt Truck Race being one of two dirt events on the series calendar alongside a July round at Knoxville Raceway in Iowa. The event would run alongside the Cup Series dirt race; World of Outlaws events would also take place on the temporary dirt surface, which began to be laid down in early January 2021.
The 2021 race was originally scheduled for Saturday, March 27 with four heat races to determine the starting grid, but rain forced it to be pushed to Sunday. Rain had been in the forecast entering the weekend, prompting NASCAR to delay the heats on Saturday to deploy "packers"—vehicles like Ford Crown Victorias to pack the dirt together—and late models to test the surface's viability before starting the first heat; it only completed one lap before being halted due to mud accumulating on the trucks' windshields and grilles. Further rain and flash flooding on Sunday resulted in a second postponement to Monday.
Past winners
2021: Race postponed from Saturday to Monday due to rain.
Manufacturer wins
References
External links
NASCAR Truck Series races
Annual sporting events in the United States
The County of Cilli (, ) was a Medieval county in the territory of the present-day Slovenia. It was governed by the Counts of Cilli (also Counts of Celje).
History
Creation
County of Cilli was created after lords of Saneck inherited lands in Slovenia. They continuously gained land via strategic marriages and their loyalty to their immediate liege, the Habsburgs of Austria. Hermann II, Count of Celje was also father-in-law to the Hungarian king Sigismund who eventually became the Holy Roman Emperor and granted multiple fiefs in Slavonia and Croatia to his father-in-law. After Sigismund, the Luxembourg line went extinct and the Habsburgs succeeded as Emperor, further strengthening the Count of Cilli. The last count, Ulrich II, Count of Celje was assassinated by a faction in Hungary without an heir. His possessions within the Empire were inherited by the Habsburgs of Austria, while his possessions outside of the Empire were inherited by the crown of Hungary, which would also come under Habsburg rule less than a century later under Ferdinand I.
References
Medieval Slovenia
Counties of the Holy Roman Empire
Cunninghamella elegans is a species of fungus in the genus Cunninghamella found in soil.
It can be grown in Sabouraud dextrose broth, a liquid medium used for cultivation of yeasts and molds from liquid which are normally sterile.
As opposed to C. bertholletiae, it is not a human pathogen, with the exception of two documented patients.
Description
Cunninghamella elegans is a filamentous fungus that produces purely gray colonies.
Electron microscopy studies show that the conidia are covered with spines.
Use as a fungal organism capable of xenobiotics metabolism
Cunninghamella elegans is able to degrade xenobiotics. It has a variety of enzymes of phases I (modification enzymes acting to introduce reactive and polar groups into their substrates) and II (conjugation enzymes) of the xenobiotic metabolism, as do mammals.
Cytochrome P450 monooxygenase, aryl sulfotransferase, glutathione S-transferase, UDP-glucuronosyltransferase, UDP-glucosyltransferase activities have been detected in cytosolic or microsomal fractions.
Cytochrome P-450 and cytochrome P-450 reductase in C. elegans are part of the phase I enzymes. They are induced by the corticosteroid cortexolone and by phenanthrene. C. elegans also possesses a lanosterol 14-alpha demethylase, another enzyme in the cytochrome P450 family.
Cunninghamella elegans also possesses a glutathione S-transferase.
Use as a fungal model organism of mammalian drug metabolism
Cunninghamella elegans is a microbial model of mammalian drug metabolism. The use of this fungus could reduce the over-all need for laboratory animals.
Cunninghamella elegans is able to transform the tricyclic antidepressants amitriptyline and doxepin, the tetracyclic antidepressant mirtazapine, the muscle relaxant cyclobenzaprine, the typical antipsychotic chlorpromazine as well as the antihistamine and anticholinergic methdilazine and azatadine. It is also able to transform the antihistamines brompheniramine, chlorpheniramine and pheniramine.
It forms a glucoside with the diuretic furosemide.
The transformation of oral contraceptive mestranol by C. elegans yields two hydroxylated metabolites, 6beta-hydroxymestranol and 6beta,12beta-dihydroxymestranol.
Metabolism of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons
The phase I cytochrome P450 enzyme systems of C. elegans has been implicated in the neutralization of numerous polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH).
It can degrade molecules such as anthracene, 7-methylbenz[a]anthracene and 7-hydroxymethylbenz[a]anthracene, phenanthrene, acenaphthene, 1- and 2-methylnaphthalene, naphthalene, fluorene or benzo(a)pyrene.
In the case of phenanthrene, C. elegans produces a glucoside conjugate of 1-hydroxyphenanthrene (phenanthrene 1-O-beta-glucose).
Metabolism of pesticides
Cunninghamella elegans is also able to degrade the herbicides alachlor, metolachlor and isoproturon as well as the fungicide mepanipyrim.
Metabolism of phenolics
Cunninghamella elegans can be used to study the metabolism of phenols. This type of molecules already have reactive and polar groups comprised within their structure therefore phases I enzymes are less active than phase II (conjugation) enzymes.
Metabolism of flavonoids
Flavonols
In flavonols, an hydroxyl group is available in the 3- position allowing the glycosylation at that position. The biotransformation of quercetin yields three metabolites, including quercetin 3-O-β-D-glucopyranoside, kaempferol 3-O-β-D-glucopyranoside and isorhamnetin 3-O-β-D-glucopyranoside. Glucosylation and O-methylation are involved in the process.
Flavones
In flavones, there is no hydroxyl group available at the 3- position. Conjugation, in the form of sulfation occurs at the 7- or 4'- positions. Apigenin and chrysin are also transformed by C. elegans and produce apigenin 7-sulfate, apigenin 7,4′-disulfate, chrysin 7-sulfate.
Sulfation also occurs on naringenin and produces naringenin-7-sulfate.
Glucosylation may nevertheless occur but in 3'- position, as happens during the microbial transformation of psiadiarabin and its 6-desmethoxy analogue, 5,3′ dihydroxy-7,2′,4′,5′-tetramethoxyflavone, by Cunninghamella elegans NRRL 1392 that gives the 3′-glucoside conjugates of the two flavones.
flavanones
As in flavones, there is no hydroxyl groups available at the 3- position for glycosylation in flavanones. Therefore, sulfation occurs at the 7- position. In compounds like 7-methoxylated flavanones like 7-O-methylnaringenin (sakuranetin), demethylation followed by sulfation occur.
Metabolism of synthetic phenolics
It is also able to degrade synthetic phenolic compounds like bisphenol A.
Metabolism of heterocyclic organic compounds
Cunninghamella elegans can transform the nitrogen containing compound phthalazine It is also able to oxidize the organosulfur compound dibenzothiophene.
Uses in biotechnology
Methods for efficient C. elegans genomic DNA isolation and transformation have been developed.
The cytochrome P450 of C. elegans has been cloned in Escherichia coli as well as an enolase.
Use in bioconversion
Techniques employed
Cunninghamella elegans can be grown in stirred tank batch bioreactor. Protoplasts cultures have been used.
Examples of uses
Cunninghamella elegans can be used for phenanthrene bioconversion or for steroid transformation. It has been used to produce isoapocodeine from 10,11-dimethoxyaporphine, triptoquinone from the synthetic abietane diterpene triptophenolide or for the rational and economical bioconversion of antimalarial drug artemisinin to 7beta-hydroxyartemisinin.
Environmental biotechnology
Cunninghamella elegans has been used in environmental biotechnology for the treatment of textile wastewaters, for instance those discoloured by azo dyes or malachite green.
Chitin and chitosan isolated from C. elegans can be used for heavy metal biosorption. Production can be made on yam bean (Pachyrhizus erosus L. Urban) medium.
Strains
Cunninghamella elegans ATCC 9245
Cunninghamella elegans ATCC 36112
Cunninghamella elegans ATCC 26269
Cunninghamella elegans NRRL 1393
Cunninghamella elegans IFM 46109
Cunninghamella elegans UCP 542
References
External links
Cunninghamella elegans on the Fungal Genomics Project
Cunninghamellaceae
Fungi described in 1907
Fungal models
Biotechnology
Alternatives to animal testing
College des Garçons is a college in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located opposite (west) to the Lycée d'Arabe and east of the National Guard complex.
References
Nouakchott
Universities in Mauritania
Park Chae-rim (; born March 28, 1979), known by the mononym Chae Rim, is a South Korean actress who debuted in 1994. She has starred in Korean dramas including All About Eve (2000), Dal-ja's Spring (2007), and Oh! My Lady (2010).
Career
Chae Rim debuted as Miss Haitai in 1994. Having starred in many television dramas, becoming famous for her roles in All About Eve and Dal-ja's Spring in the 2000s (decade). She enjoys great popularity as a Korean Wave star in China and Taiwan, having made several series there.
Chae Rim also co-hosted the MBC variety show Music Camp from 1999 to 2000. In 2010 Park returned to the small screen with Oh! My Lady, co-starring Siwon of Super Junior. It is a romantic comedy about a top star who finds himself living with his manager, a 35-year-old woman who is trying to earn money to get custody of her child.
In November 2018, Chae Rim signed with new agency Hunus Entertainment.
Personal life
Chae Rim married singer Lee Seung-hwan (14 years her senior) on May 24, 2003. On March 31, 2006, Lee's agency Cloud Fish released news of the couple's divorce, stating that due to personality differences, the couple had been separated since December 2005.
In March 2014, she acknowledged that she was dating Chinese actor Gao Ziqi. Gao and Chae Rim were married in China on October 14, 2014. She gave birth to a son, Min-Woo, on December 2017.
They divorced in 2020.
Filmography
drama
2010 China ZJTV: Fall in Love with Anchor Beauty (cameo)
2010 SBS: Oh My Lady
2009 MBC: Good Job, Good Job
2008 KBS: Formidable Rivals
2007 KBS: Dal-ja's Spring
2006 China BTV: Secret History of Kangxi
2006 Lost City in Snow Heaven (cameo)
2005 Hong Kong ATV: Taming Of The Shrew / Princess Sheng Ping
2004 TaiwanCTV: Warriors of The Yang Clan
2004 TaiwanCTS: Love at the Aegean Sea
2004 SBS Banjun Drama: Suite Room
2004 KBS: Oh! Pil Seung, Bong Soon Young
2003 KBS: Over the Green Fields
2002 SBS: We are Dating Now
2001 MBC: Four Sisters
2000 SBS: Cheers for the Women
2000 MBC: All About Eve
2000 MBC: Air Force
1999 Happy Together
1999 MBC: I'm Still Loving You
1999 SBS: KAIST
1999 KBS: Lost One's Way / The Song Of Hope
1998 MBC: Shy Lovers
1998 MBC: Jump
1998 KBS: As We Live Our Lives
1998 SBS: My Mother's Daughters
1997 MBC: Ban Buhl Ee
1996 MBC: A Daughter's Choice
1995 MBC: Pair
1994: Journey
1994: Warm River
Variety shows
Awards
2007 KBS Drama Awards: Top Excellence Award, Actress (Dal-ja's Spring)
2007 China BQ Awards: Favorite Asian Star Award
2006 China Annual Golden TVS Awards: Most Popular International Star
2000 SBS Drama Awards: Popularity Award
1999 MBC Drama Awards: Popularity Award
1999 MBC Drama Awards: Best Couple Award
1999 Baeksang Arts Awards: Best New Actress in TV (I'm Still Loving You)
1998 MBC Drama Awards: Best New Actress
References
External links
Chae Rim at Cyworld
South Korean television actresses
South Korean entertainers
Actresses from Seoul
1979 births
Living people
South Korean Buddhists
IHQ (company) artists
The Fliegerfaust (lit. "pilot fist","plane fist", or "aviator fist"), also known as the "Luftfaust" (lit. "air fist"), was a German prototype of an unguided, man-portable, multi-barreled ground-to-air rocket launcher, designed to destroy enemy ground attack planes.
Overview
Designed by HASAG (Hugo Schneider AG) of Leipzig in 1944, the Luftfaust was produced in two different versions.
The first version, the Fliegerfaust A, had four 20mm barrels. These fired 20mm projectiles weighing 90g and containing 19g of explosive, propelled by a small rocket.
The second version, the Fliegerfaust B, added another 5 barrels (for a total of 9 barrels), and increased the barrels' length. The weapon therefore had a total length of 150cm and weighed 6.5kg. During the firing sequence the first 4 rounds from every other barrel were fired immediately, while the other five fired with a 0.1-second delay. The delay was meant to prevent the projectiles from getting damaged by the previous launches' exhaust fumes, which could also interfere with their courses. Some sources, however, state that the barrels were fired individually with a delay of 2 seconds between each ignition.
Stabilization of the rocket during flight was achieved by four small angled holes drilled around the exhaust. A small proportion of the rocket's thrust was thus converted into rotational thrust, spinning the missile along its axis. This imparted stability through spin, like rifling in a gun barrel.
A six barrel 30 mm prototype was also constructed.
Combat use
The Fliegerfaust was not a successful weapon because of its small effective range. The dispersion of its projectiles proved to be too large, and the anticipated range of 500 meters was never attained. Although 10,000 launchers and 4 million rockets were ordered in 1945, only 80 of these weapons were ever used in combat trials by a unit based at Saarbrücken.
However, a 1945 photograph of the Hotel Adlon, directly opposite the Brandenburg gate in Berlin, clearly shows at least 3 expended Fliegerfaust B's lying in the rubble.
References
Surface-to-air missiles of Germany
World War II infantry weapons of Germany
Weapons and ammunition introduced in 1945
The Riverside International Automotive Museum (RIAM) was a non-profit corporation, located in Riverside, California, dedicated to "Preserving the memory of California's rich motorsports heritage". Primary museum exhibits included memorabilia and artifacts from the Riverside International Raceway, the Ontario Motor Speedway, and local racing champion Dan Gurney. In June 2016, the museum closed following the death of Doug Magnon in 2015, one of the founders. The vehicle collection was sold in two different auctions in 2016, based on a decision by the Board of Directors.
The museum housed several history-making race cars, and the largest and most comprehensive collection of Maserati road cars in the United States, including an example of every Maserati model that has been made available in the U.S. since 1951.
History
The RIAM was founded in 2006 as a 501.(c)(3) non-profit corporation by Ray and Doug Magnon, father and son racing enthusiasts.
Ray was a close friend of Skip Hudson during high school. Their mutual interest in racing lead both to also become friends with Dan Gurney, after Dan's family moved to Riverside. Skip and Dan's racing careers took off about the same time, and all three have remained friends. Doug Magnon, the president of the RIAM, caught the racing bug from his father Ray.
As part of their interest in automobile racing, the Magnons began collecting automobiles. Keeping with their Italian heritage the Magnons (originally spelled Magnone) started collecting Maseratis. It was one of the oldest of the Italian automobile brands, and it had a rich racing tradition in Europe.
They built a facility in 2006 to house their growing collection. After hiring Bruce Ward as the director, they opened the museum to the public in December, 2007.
Events
In March 2009, the museum hosted the first Legends of Riverside Film Festival and charity fund raiser with the honoree being Dan Gurney. Dan was interviewed at the Saturday night gala by Ed Justice, Jr. Ed is a well-known radio and TV host and part of the Justice Brothers family. The following Riverside Legends were each honored in the consecutive years after Dan, Carroll Shelby, Parnelli Jones, Bobby Unser and Bob Bondurant. Each of these honorees were again interviewed by Ed Justice, Jr. The museum worked with Dave Wolin to bring what was previously known as the Southern Yosemite Automotive Film Festival to the museum. In addition to showcasing popular racing films, the annual event offers attendees an opportunity to personally meet famous racing legends of the past. In attendance at the 2009 event were racing greats Dan Gurney, Elliot and Stuart Forbes-Robinson, Bob Bondurant, Peter Brock, George Follmer, and Dick Guldstrand. The second annual event was held March 26–28, 2010 and featured special guest of honor Carroll Shelby. Racers Dave MacDonald, Phil Hill, Richie Ginther, Ronnie Bucknum and Chuck Daigh were honored as well. The event was not held in 2014 and no date has been set for the event in 2015.
The museum also makes the facility available for special events and business functions. One of the first such events held at the museum was the 2008 Old Riverside Foundation Awards, held March 16, 2008, when the RIAM received the Celebrating Riverside's Heritage award.
Collections and exhibits
Riverside International Raceway: The Riverside International Raceway (RIR) operated from September 22, 1957 to July 2, 1989. For most of its life, the RIR was located in an unincorporated area of Riverside County, California, just outside the city limits of Riverside, and about from the current location of the museum. In 1984 the RIR property became part of the city of Moreno Valley, and five years later was razed to build a shopping mall and housing development. A large part of the museum's focus is on the history of the RIR, with many photos and mementos on display. The museum also provides background on the 1953 and 1954 Orange Empire National Sports Car Races, a precursor to the RIR, that took place at March Air Force Base, which has since been renamed the March Joint Air Reserve Base.
Ontario Motor Speedway: A second California raceway highlighted by the museum is the Ontario Motor Speedway (OMS) which was located in Ontario, California. The OMS were designed similar to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway, but was only in operation from 1970 until 1981.
Dan Gurney: Although born and raised in Port Jefferson, New York, Dan Gurney moved with his parents to Riverside, California after he graduated from high school in 1948. He quickly became involved in auto racing, and began racing hot rods around the orange groves of Riverside. Eventually he became a top road racer, and one of the most popular Formula One Grand Prix drivers in the sport. He won 51 races, and was the first driver ever to win in all four major categories: Grand Prix, Indy Car, NASCAR and Sports Car. Gurney won his first NASCAR race at Riverside International Raceway in 1963. A hometown favorite, he went on to win a total of five races on his local track. One of the museum's main exhibits highlights Dan Gurney's career, honoring him as a local hero.
Archives: The RIAM has assembled a large archive of racing related materials, and seeks to expand the archives through acquisitions and donations. The archives, which are currently being digitized, include racing related, photos, magazines, programs, brochures, and posters, as well as official documents pertaining to races, racetracks and racecars from around the state. The archive also contains many hours of racing-related audio and video recordings.
Restoration projects: In a corner of the museum's showroom are two service bays where visitors can get an upclose look at museum restoration projects that are underway.
Automobiles
One of the principles of the museum's founders is to maintain all vehicles in roadworthy condition, and to ensure they get regular use. In addition, some of the cars at the museum are on loan from other museums or private owners. For both these reasons the cars on display at any given time may vary.
Motorcycles
The RIAM has one motorcycle on display. It is a 1986 Ducati 750 F1 that was ridden by Gary Patton to the 1988 American Road Racing Association Open Twin class championship. During the 1987 and 1988 seasons the mortocycle won events at Riverside International Raceway and Willow Springs Raceway.
See also
List of Maserati vehicles
References
External links
Official website of the "Riverside International Automotive Museum''
Riverside International Automotive Museum brochure
Masarati America, Riverside International Automotive Museum: Could this be the world's largest collection of Maseratis?
Flickr.com, Riverside International Automotive Museum.
Anamera; Fincars.com; Riverside International Automotive Museum
Legendary Collector Cars.com, Riverside International Automotive Museum.
Enrico's Maserati Pages
Legends of Riverside.com
Orange Empire National Sports Car Races; 1953 program.
Automobile museums in California
Museums in Riverside, California
Sports museums in California
Museums established in 2006
Museums disestablished in 2016
Defunct museums in California
Maserati
Female Age-Mates () is a 1959 Soviet drama film directed by Vasili Ordynsky.
Plot
The life paths of three school friends diverged: Tanya began to study medicine, Kira decided to become an actress, and Svetlana as a result of unsuccessful exams began working at the factory. All of them will experience a feeling of love, but only one of them will be happy.
Cast
Lyudmila Krylova as Svetlana
Lidiya Fedoseyeva-Shukshina as Tanya (as Lidiya Fedoseeva)
Margarita Koselyeva as Kira (as Margarita Koshelyova)
Vladimir Kostin as Vassya
Vsevolod Safonov as Arkadi
Kirill Stolyarov as Yurotschka
Vladimir Koretsky as Gleb
Vladimir Vysotskiy
References
External links
1959 films
1950s Russian-language films
Soviet drama films
1959 drama films
Achillea atrata, commonly called black yarrow or dark stemmed sneezewort, is European species of herbaceous perennial flowering plant native to the Alpine regions of Switzerland, France, Italy, Germany, Austria, and Slovenia.
References
External links
Canopé académie de Besançon, Achillea atrata in French with color photos
Botanik im Bild, Flora von Österreich, Schwarzrand-Schafgarbe, Schwarze Schafgarbe in German with color photos
Infoflora, Pro Natura, la Société Botanique Suisse (SBS) et l'Académie Suisse des Sciences Naturelles Achillea atrata L. in French with color photos
atrata
Flora of the Alps
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Action on Poverty (AOP) is an independent, secular, not-for-profit, fully accredited Australian non-government organisation (NGO) that was founded in 1968 and incorporated in the state of New South Wales in 1983.
In January 2018, the organisation changed its legal name to Action on Poverty Limited, trading as Action on Poverty (AOP). This eliminated the need to use their former name, The Australian Foundation for the Peoples of Asia and the Pacific Ltd.
History
The idea for the organization was born in the 1960s when Stanley Hosie, an Australian Marist priest, began doing missionary work in the South Pacific, specifically Melanesia and Polynesia. His close friends, Australian actress Elizabeth Betty" Bryant-Silverstein and her husband, a director, Maurice "Red" Silverstein, were inspired and decided to found the organization in 1968.
The strategy of the new non-governmental organization was developed in 1967 after a consulting visit to Melanesia and Polynesia, where a nine-volume report of the Foundation for the Peoples of the South Pacific (FSP) was created.
The first office of FSP was officially inaugurated in 1968 in Sydney. The organization gradually became one of the leading NGOs in Australia.
The Foundation opened its office in the USA, which at present is known as Counterpart International.
In 1981, a new organisation was formed in place of the FSP Australia branch – the Australian Foundation for the Peoples of the South Pacific (AFSP). The organisation soon grew, expanding operations into Asia in the late 1980s and setting up an office in Hanoi, Vietnam in the mid-90s. This was primarily thanks to the vision and tenacity of the executive director at the time, Harold Webber with his colleague Sandy Cross and other incredibly dedicated people. 1994, the name was changed to the Australian Foundation for the Peoples of Asia and the Pacific (AFAP), to reflect the new regional focus.
In 2018, the organisation changed its legal name to Action on Poverty Limited, trading as Action on Poverty (AOP), resulting in the name change of its Vietnam Representative Office to Action on Poverty (AOP) in Vietnam.
Action on Poverty's Work
Action on Poverty empowers local changemakers to break the cycle of entrenched poverty in some of the poorest communities in Africa, Asia and the Pacific. AOP claims to connect local organisations with the resources and training they need to drive long-lasting change. AOP targets communities with a vision for change, and help them make the largest impact possible, e.g. through teaching an Ethiopian family to grow food and sending Cambodian girls to school.
Programs
Livelihoods and economic empowerment
Food security
Water and sanitation
Environment and climate change
Health
Governance
Education
Regions
Action on Poverty has worked in over 30 countries across Africa, Asia and the Pacific. AOP currently works in the countries listed below.
Pacific and Timor-Leste
Fiji
Kiribati
Solomon Islands
Timor-Leste
Africa
Ethiopia
Malawi
Mozambique
Tanzania
Zimbabwe
Asia
Bangladesh
Cambodia
Vietnam
References
External links
Official website
Action on Community-based Tourism (CBT) website
Da Bac Community-based Tourism (CBT) project website
Social Accountability Resource Center
This article is related to the List of non-governmental organizations in Vietnam.
Organizations established in 1968
Development charities based in Australia
Non-profit organisations based in New South Wales
Cnemaspis gunasekarai, or Gunasekara's day gecko, is a species of diurnal rupicolous gecko endemic to island of Sri Lanka.
Taxonomy
The species is closely resembling C. nilgala, C. hitihamii, and other congeners of the alwisi group.
Etymology
The specific name gunasekarai is named in honor of Samantha Gunasekara, who contributed to biodiversity conservation in Sri Lanka. He is a leading environmental activist, conservationist, and former Deputy Director of Sri Lanka Customs.
Description
An adult male is 34.6 mm long. Dorsum homogeneous with keeled granular scales. There are four or five spine-like tubercles on flanks. Dorsum patterned with creamy vertebral markings on a uniform yellowish brown background. Snout is dark yellowish brown. There are two dark brown blotches behind the eye. A bright yellow and black stripe visible on the neck. Arms and legs uniform light brown with pale and dark blotches. Tail is yellowish brown with ten pale yellow markings.
Ecology
The gecko is restricted to Ritigala wet forest patch. Entirely wild species, it is commonly inhabited in dry, shaded, cool surfaces of large rock outcrops or within caves. The researchers suggested critically endangered IUCN category for the species due to point endemism.
References
Reptiles of Sri Lanka
gunasekarai
Reptiles described in 2021
In lichter Farbe steht der Wald is an EP released by electro-medieval/darkwave band Helium Vola. It was released November 22, 2004 by Chrom Records.
Track listing
"In Lichter Farbe Steht Der Wald (Club-mix)" – 7:09
"Dies Ire" – 6:18
"Omnia Sol Temperat" – 4:03
"Hold On" – 4:25
"Carmen Ad Deum" – 5:06
"In Lichter Farbe Steht Der Wald (Lied-Version)" – 5:29
Credits
Guitar - Robert Wilcocks
Harp - Uschi Lear
Hurdy-gurdy - Riccardo Delfino
Producer, keyboards - Ernst Horn
Vocals - Andreas Hirtreiter (tracks: 1, 5, 6), Gerlinde Sämann (tracks: 1, 5, 6), Joel Frederiksen (tracks: 1, 2, 6), Sabine Lutzenberger, Susan Weiland (tracks: 1, 5, 6), Tobias Schlierff (tracks: 5)
External links
2004 albums
Helium Vola albums
Anorak is the second album by the band Ruth. They completed recording this album in May 2008 and is their most successful album to date. It was released on October 28, 2008 through Tooth & Nail Records. The lead single "Back to the Five" has become a minor hit in Christian radio. There is a music video for the song as well. The video placed on the X 2009 DVD Christian rock hits compilation.
Track listing
"Hibernation Pieces"
"Back to the Five"
"Who I Was and Who I Am"
"Rolling With the Punches"
"Hearts on Sleeves"
"Pure Concept"
"Forgetting to Remember"
"Nothing to Hide"
"Miracle Photo"
"Speechless Mess"
"Dead Giveaway"
References
2008 albums
Ruth (band) albums
Tooth & Nail Records albums
Albums produced by Aaron Sprinkle
Glória Maria Cláudia Pires de Morais (; born 23 August 1963) is a Brazilian actress. She is best known for her roles in TV Globo telenovelas such as Dancin' Days, Vale Tudo, Mulheres de Areia and O Rei do Gado. She is also known for starring in films such as Academy Award-nominated O Quatrilho, box-office hit If I Were You and its sequel, and Lula, Son of Brazil, which is the second most expensive Brazilian film of all time, after Nosso Lar.
In 2013, she starred in the movie Reaching for the Moon along with Miranda Otto, and directed by Bruno Barreto.
In 2013, she was also honoured by Forbes Brazil as one of Brazil's most influential persons being ranked in the 28th position out of the 30 short-listed.
Biography
Pires was born on 23 August 1963 in Rio de Janeiro. She is the daughter of producer Elza Pires and actor Antônio Carlos Pires. She has a sister named Linda Pires, a therapist. She is of Native Brazilian and Portuguese descent.
Career
1970s
Glória made her debut as an actress at the age of 5, on the telenovela A Pequena Órfã, broadcast on the now-defunct TV Excelsior. She initially participated only in the show's opening sequence, but director Dionísio Azevedo would later cast her to play a minor character. On her first day of shooting, however, she experienced a nasal hemorrhage and was removed from the telenovela. Later, when the lead actress Patrícia Ayres dropped out due to contractual reasons, Glória had a second chance by dubbing Ayres' voice at such a young age.
In 1971, Glória made a screen test for the role of Zizi in the Globo telenovela O Primeiro Amor, but was rejected. In 1972 she made her debut in the network's Caso Especial episode "Sombra de Suspeita". That same year she made her telenovela debut starring in a minor role in Janete Clair's Selva de Pedra. It became the only telenovela in the history of Brazil to reach 100 percent of share. In 1973 Glória landed a tiny role in Clair's O Semideus. She also acted alongside her father and Chico Anysio on the comedy program Chico City, broadcast on Rede Globo. She would act in several other comedy programs. In 1976, Glória starred in Clair's Duas Vidas, where she learned a lot from senior actor Luiz Gustavo, who played her father in the telenovela. In 1977, disappointed with the roles offered to her, she decided to take a break from acting.
In 1978, Glória learned from her father that director Daniel Filho was searching for an actress to play Sônia Braga's teenager daughter in his telenovela Dancin' Days. After much deliberation, she decided to take the screen test for the role. The telenovela was a big hit and Glória won the Best Newcomer Award from the São Paulo Association of Art Critics. During the telenovela's original broadcast, she faced censorship from the Juvenile Court, which prohibited her from giving interviews based on her controversial opinions about the school system. In June 1979 Glória landed the lead role in Cabocla opposite her husband Fábio Jr. She was unable to shoot the final scenes of the telenovela due to a severe stress crisis that kept her hospitalized for two weeks.
1980s
In 1980, after she left the hospital, Glória decided to change her appearance, cutting and lightening her hair. Her next telenovelas were Água Viva and As Três Marias, an adaptation of Clarice Lispector's novel of the same name. She made a deal with Globo so that she could act in her first feature film after the end of this telenovela. In 1981, Glória starred in Fábio Barreto's Índia, a filha do Sol as Putkoy, a Native Brazilian who falls in love with a white soldier played by Nuno Leal Maia. This was also Barreto's first feature film.
In 1982, Glória took a break from acting due to her first pregnancy. In 1983 she returned to telenovelas with Louco Amor as newly graduated journalist Cláudia. During this telenovela, Nelson Pereira dos Santos invited her to play Heloísa, Graciliano Ramos' wife, in his film Memoirs of Prison. This was her second collaboration with Fábio Barreto, which starred as Siqueira Campos. Glória attended the film's premiere alongside real life Heloísa. In 1984, she acted in the telenovela Partido Alto. The following year would mark Globo's 20th anniversary, and the mini-series O Tempo e o Vento, an adaptation of Érico Veríssimo's novel of same name, would be produced to celebrate it. After she learned of the intentions of Paulo José, the director of the mini-series, to cast her as the main lead Ana Terra, Glória convinced Globo's head director Daniel Filho that she could reconcile the shooting of the telenovela and the mini-series.
After O Tempo e o Vento, Glória starred in her second film, Francisco Ramalho Júnior's Besame Mucho, alongside Antônio Fagundes and José Wilker. She moved to São Paulo for two months with daughter Cléo Pires in order to shoot the film. In 1987 she starred in the telenovela Direito de Amar and in the film The Long Haul. In 1988, she postponed her honeymoon with second husband Orlando Morais in order to play Maria de Fátima, Regina Duarte's daughter and antagonist, in Vale Tudo.
1990s and 2000s
In 1990, Glória starred in Mico Preto, followed by O Dono do Mundo. In 1993, after the birth of her second daughter, Glória starred in Mulheres de Areia playing twin sisters. She received the Troféu Imprensa Award for Best Actress for her performance in the telenovela. In 1994 she starred in the mini-series Memorial de Maria Moura, adapted from the Raquel de Queiroz' novel of the same name. It won Glória another award from the São Paulo Association of Art Critics and was shown in various international markets under the international title Merciless Land. In 1995 she starred in O Quatrilho, her third collaboration with Fábio Barreto. Glória received several best actress awards and the film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
In 1996, Glória starred in O Rei do Gado with Patrícia Pillar, her co-star in O Quatrilho. In 1997 she starred as the main lead in Anjo Mau. It was one of the highest-rating telenovelas ever in the 6 p.m. timeslot. The following year, Glória moved to Los Angeles with her family to seek privacy. After living a whole year in California, Glória starred in Suave Veneno.
In 2000, Glória gave birth to her third daughter. The following year she starred in the film adaptation of A Partilha, a play by Miguel Falabella. Just like the play, the film was also a critical and commercial success. In 2002, Glória starred in Desejos de Mulher, one of the lowest-rating telenovelas in the history of Globo. The following year, she moved with her family to Goiás, the native state of her husband, living among a ranch and an apartment. In 2004, she gave birth to Bento, her fourth child and first son.
In 2005, Glória's father died of complications of Parkinson's disease. That same year she filmed Daniel Filho's If I Were You alongside Tony Ramos. It became one of the highest-grossing Brazilian films since the Retomada, selling more than 4 million tickets. After the flop of Desejos de Mulher, she returned to telenovelas with the 2005 hit Belíssima, alongside Fernanda Montenegro.
In 2007 she starred in the Daniel Filho-directed Primo Basílio, an adaptation of the José Maria de Eça de Queiroz novel Cousin Bazilio. The following year she starred opposite Tony Ramos in Paraíso Tropical. In early 2008, once again seeking privacy, she moved to Paris with her family. In 2009 she released Se Eu Fosse Você 2, which became the highest-grossing Brazilian film of the decade, and starred in Lula, Son of Brazil, a biopic about President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, marking her fourth collaboration with Fábio Barreto and the first with her daughter Cléo. She also starred in É Proibido Fumar
Glória announced that she would release her biography before returning to Paris on 8 March 2010. The book 40 Anos de Glória, written by Eduardo Nassife and Fábio Fabrício Fabretti, will mark the 40 years of her career.
In 2013, she starred the movie Reaching for the Moon along with Miranda Otto, the film follows the real love story between the American poet Elizabeth Bishop and Brazilian architect Lota de Macedo Soares. Set in Petrópolis, during the years of 1950 and 1960, the story coincides with the emergence of Bossa Nova and the construction and inauguration of the capital Brasilia. The film deals with the story of these two women and their trajectories.
Personal life
In the 1970s, Glória dated Chico Anysio's son Nizo Neto. From 1979 to 1983 she was married to singer and actor Fábio Jr, father of her oldest daughter, Cléo Pires (born 2 October 1982), also an actress. She has been married to singer Orlando Morais since April 1988, with whom she had Antônia Morais (born 7 August 1992), Ana (born 10 July 2000), and Bento (born 4 October 2004).
Filmography
Film
Television
Awards and nominations
Over the 40 years of her professional career, Glória Pires has won numerous awards. In 1979 she won the São Paulo Association of Art Critics Award () for Most Promising Television Actress for Dancin' Days. In 1989, 1992, and 1994, she won the APCA trophy for Best Television Actress for Vale Tudo, O Dono do Mundo, and Mulheres de Areia, respectively. In 1995 Glória won the Havana Film Festival Best Actress Award for her performance in O Quatrilho. In 1996 she received the APCA trophy for Best Film Actress for O Quatrilho, a feat she would repeat in 2010 with É Proibido Fumar. In 2009 Glória won the Festival de Brasília Best Actress Award for her performance in É Proibido Fumar.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Brazilian film actresses
Brazilian telenovela actresses
Actresses from Rio de Janeiro (city)
20th-century Brazilian actresses
21st-century Brazilian actresses
Pennsylvania Route 114 (PA 114) is a state highway located in Cumberland and York counties in Pennsylvania. The western terminus is at PA 944 in Wertzville. The eastern terminus is at State Route 1003 (SR 1003, Old York Road) adjacent to the Capital City Airport near New Market. PA 114 heads south from PA 944 through the western suburbs of Harrisburg and has an interchange with Interstate 81 (I-81) before it comes to an intersection with U.S. Route 11 (US 11) in Hogestown. The route continues south to Mechanicsburg, where it forms a concurrency with PA 641. From here, PA 114 heads south to an interchange with US 15 and turns east in Bowmansdale, continuing to Lisburn. The route leaves Cumberland County for York County and reaches a junction with PA 382, where it turns north through rural areas and intersects PA 262. PA 114 curves northeast and comes to an interchange with I-83 before it continues to its terminus.
PA 114 was designated in 1928 between US 11 in Hogestown and Lisburn. The portion of the current route east of present-day PA 382 was designated as part of PA 24, which reached its northern terminus at US 111 (Old York Road) in New Market. In the 1940s, PA 114 was extended east from Lisburn to PA 24. The north end of PA 24 was cut back from Old York Road to an interchange with I-83/US 111 in the 1950s. In the 1960s, PA 114 was extended north from its eastern terminus to Old York Road along the former alignment of PA 24. The route was extended north from US 11 in Hogestown to PA 944 in Wertzville in the 1970s, with the portion between I-81 and US 11 widened to a divided highway.
Route description
PA 114 begins at an intersection with PA 944 in Silver Spring Township, Cumberland County, heading south on two-lane undivided Conodoguinet Parkway. The road heads through areas of farms and woods, passing west of a park and ride lot and reaching a diamond interchange with I-81, where it becomes a four-lane divided highway. From this point, the route heads southeast and crosses the Conodoguinet Creek, continuing south into business areas and intersecting US 11 in Hogestown. Past this intersection, PA 114 becomes two-lane undivided Hogestown Road and runs through agricultural areas with some housing developments, curving southeast. The road heads through residential areas as it turns south and comes into the borough of Mechanicsburg, with the road name becoming North York Street. Here, the route passes industrial areas to the west and homes to the east. PA 114 enters residential and business areas as it crosses Norfolk Southern's Shippensburg Secondary railroad line at-grade and intersects PA 641, turning east to form a concurrency with that route on West Main Street. The road runs through the commercial downtown, with PA 114 splitting from PA 641 by turning south onto South Market Street.
The route continues past several homes, crossing into Upper Allen Township. The road briefly becomes the border between Upper Allen Township to the west and Mechanicsburg to the east before fully entering Upper Allen Township again and running through areas of farmland and housing developments, crossing over I-76 (Pennsylvania Turnpike). PA 114 continues south through residential subdivisions with some commercial establishments, reaching a diamond interchange with the US 15 freeway. The route continues southeast past more suburban development, turning east onto East Lisburn Road in Bowmansdale. PA 114 heads north-northeast into agricultural areas, turning southeast to pass under Norfolk Southern's Lurgan Branch railroad line before resuming north-northeast. The road continues east through a mix of farmland and woodland with some homes, crossing into Lower Allen Township and running through the residential community of Lisburn on Main Street.
PA 114 crosses the Yellow Breeches Creek into Fairview Township in York County and becomes Cedars Road, heading through rural areas with a few residences. The route intersects PA 382 and turns to the north onto Lewisberry Road, curving northeast into forested areas with some homes. PA 114 comes to an intersection with PA 262 in Bunches and turns northwest to continue along Lewisberry Road. The road passes through more wooded areas before turning north and running through a mix of fields and residential development. The route curves northeast near Fair Acres and heads through more rural residential areas as it comes to a partial cloverleaf interchange with I-83. Past this, the route runs through woods and crosses under the Pennsylvania Turnpike. PA 114 runs through more residential areas prior to ending at SR 1003 (Old York Road) adjacent to the Capital City Airport near New Market.
History
When Pennsylvania legislated routes in 1911, the portion of present-day PA 114 east of current PA 382 was designated as part of Legislative Route 250, which ran between York and the Harrisburg area. By this time, the current route east of Mechanicsburg was an unpaved road, with a small paved section to the west of the Yellow Breeches Creek. PA 114 was designated in 1928 to run from US 11 in Hogestown south and east to Lisburn, where an unnumbered, unpaved road continued east to PA 24 (now PA 382). The present-day route east of there was designated as the northernmost part of PA 24, which reached its northern terminus at US 111 (Old York Road) in New Market. At this time, the entire length of PA 114 along with this section of PA 24 was paved. By 1930, the road between Wertzville and Hogestown was an unnumbered, unpaved road. In the 1930s, the unnumbered roads between Wertzville and Hogestown and Lisburn and PA 24 were paved. PA 114 was extended east from Lisburn to PA 24 in the 1940s. In the 1950s, the northern terminus of PA 24 was cut back to an interchange with I-83/US 111 southwest of New Market, resulting in the road between I-83/US 111 and Old York Road becoming unnumbered. The eastern portion of PA 114 was extended north from PA 382 to Old York Road in New Market in the 1960s, replacing that portion of PA 24. In the 1970s, the route was extended north from US 11 in Hogestown to PA 944 in Wertzville, with an interchange at I-81; the portion of the road between I-81 and US 11 was widened into a divided highway.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
Pennsylvania Highways: PA 114
114
Roads in the Harrisburg, Pennsylvania area
Transportation in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
Transportation in York County, Pennsylvania
Carol's Eve is a 1993 comedy/drama play directed by Valerie Mayhew and written by Pauline Lepor.
The initial production starred Devora Millman, Richard Robert Redlin, Lesa Carlson, Allen Garfield, Boyd Jeffries, Barry Schwartz and Alicia Silverstone. The play was produced by Christine Redlin and Richard Robert Redlin at The MET Theatre in Hollywood, California.
The play is set at an office party on Christmas Eve, which is also Carol's (Devora Millman) 30th birthday. Carol's intended suicide attempt, from the balcony of an L.A. high-rise, is stopped when a stream of partygoers visits the terrace. The conflict begins when Carol meets Michael (R. Robert Redlin), the latter a former biker, now an unrelenting New Ager, who has experienced death when from an accident resulted in his coma.
Alicia Silverstone starred as Debbie, a desperate coke-addicted lesbian.
External links
Review
1993 plays
Plays set in Los Angeles
Elodia may refer to:
People
Elodia Kāne, Hawaiian musician with Raymond Kāne
Disappearance and alleged murder of Elodia Ghinescu
Biology
Elodea, a genus of aquatic plants
Elodia (fly), a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
Elodia parafacialis, a Chinese fly
Eulima elodia, a species of sea snail
Music
Elodia di Herstall, an opera by Alessandro Curmi (1842)
Elodia (album), by German duo Lacrimosa
See also
Alodia, a medieval Nubian kingdom in modern-day Sudan
Alodia, saint and child martyr from Huesca (see Nunilo and Alodia)
Chaetostomella similis is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Chaetostomella of the family Tephritidae.
Distribution
China.
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 1938
Diptera of Asia
Wild Instinct (Les Zooriginaux in French) is a 2001 children's television series produced by Procidis about a group of animals living in a zoo. They lead a secret, civilized, sophisticated life when humans do not watch them.
The series premiered in 2001 in France, Belgium, Germany, Italy, and the United Kingdom. 52 episodes were produced.
Episodes
Penguin under pressure
Like father, like son
Who am I?
Croca gets tough
The zoo book
Tiger Minor
Alca's secret
Paparazzi
Diet this
Commando Komo
I love Gnu
Armagibbon
For the love of Lea
When the heat's on
Woki E.T.
All work and no play
Rejuvenation
Attaché-case
Alca's nightmare
A head for figures
Zootomatik
Man eater
Once a star, always a star
Artie alley cat
Money, money
Man's best friend
Rumour is rife
That's no elephant, that's my wife
Astro-Glodys
Rats-ketters
The curse of the weird wolf
The haunted cage
One animal too many
Chaet never prospers
Chaotic park
Unreluctant zero
The invisible ape
Dropped from the sky
Lord Joe
Head in the clouds
The fleas war
Saint-Valentine's Day
No tea for Tigris
The skunk who stunk
Babe new world
The great zoo race
Best of enemies
Mad toad's day
knocked senseless
Miss Connoch's horoscope
Keeper's Christmas
The sleigh
References
External links
Procidis
2000s French animated television series
2001 French television series debuts
French children's animated television series
Animated television series about mammals
Maximilian Fabiani, commonly known as Max Fabiani (, ) (29 April 1865 – 12 August 1962) was a cosmopolitan trilingual architect and town planner of mixed Italian-Austrian ancestry, born in the village of Kobdilj near Štanjel on the Karst Plateau, County of Gorizia and Gradisca, in present-day Slovenia. Together with Ciril Metod Koch and Ivan Vancaš, he introduced the Vienna Secession style of architecture (a type of Art Nouveau) in Slovenia.
Life
Fabiani was born to Antonio Fabiani, a Friulian latifondist from Paularo of Bergamasque ancestry, and Charlotte von Kofler, a Triestine aristocrat of Tyrolean origin. He grew up in a cosmopolitan trilingual environment: besides Italian, the language of his family, and Slovene, the language of his social environment, he learned German at a very young age.
He came from a wealthy family that could afford to provide a good education for its 14 children. He attended elementary school in Kobdilj, and the German and Slovene-language Realschule in Ljubljana, where he was the best student in the class after seven years.
He later moved to Vienna, where he attended architecture courses at the Vienna University of Technology. After earning his degree in 1889, a scholarship enabled him to travel for three years (1892–1894) to Asia Minor and through most of Europe. He was married and had two children; his son Lorenzo Fabiani (1907–1973) was an agronomist and journalist and known anti-fascist.
In 1917, Fabiani was named professor at the University of Vienna, and in 1919 one of his pupils, Ivan Vurnik, offered him a teaching position at the newly established University of Ljubljana, Fabiani however refused the offer, quit the teaching position in Vienna, and decided to settle in Gorizia, which had been annexed to the Kingdom of Italy, thus becoming an Italian citizen.
On 15 May 1921—less than a year after the burning of the Slovenian National Hall in Trieste by the Italian fascists, which he had designed—Fabiani became a member of the Italian fascist movement. The reason why he joined the party and his political activity in the following years remain unclear and controversial. At the same time his son was jailed because of his anti-fascist activities.
In late 1935, Fabiani (at age 70) accepted the nomination for mayor (podestà) of his native village of Štanjel. He remained mayor during World War II, using his knowledge of German language and his cultural acquaintances to convince the German troops to spare the village from destruction. Nevertheless, the monumental fortifications part of the village and castle, which he himself had renovated during the 1930s, were eventually destroyed in the fight between the Wehrmacht and the Slovene partisans. His house with its rich archive in Kobdilj was also burnt down.
In 1944, Fabiani relocated back to Gorizia, where he lived until his death on 12 August 1962.
A widely circulated but false story regarding Fabiani is that the young Adolf Hitler once briefly worked in his architecture firm in Vienna. The myth is not supported by any sources, and it appears to have been fabricated in 1966.
Work
Upon returning to Vienna, he joined the studio of the architect Otto Wagner on Wagner's personal invitation, and stayed there until the end of the century. During this period he did not only concentrate his interests on design, but also cultivated his vocation as town planner and passionately devoted himself to teaching. How much he influenced Wagner's book about architecture is unknown.
Fabiani's first large-scale architectural project was the urban plan for the Carniolan, now Slovenian capital Ljubljana, which was badly damaged by the April 1895 Ljubljana earthquake. Fabiani won a competition against the more historicist architect Camillo Sitte, and was chosen by the Ljubljana Town Council as the main urban planner. One of the reasons for this choice was Fabiani was considered by the Slovene Liberal Nationalists as a Slovene. Second reason was that he knew Ljubljana better than Sitte and prepared really good and modern plan.
With the personal sponsorship of the Liberal nationalist mayor of Ljubljana Ivan Hribar, Fabiani designed several important buildings in the town, including the L-shaped secondary school for girls in the Mladika Complex facing Prešeren Street (), which is now the seat of the Slovenian Foreign Ministry.
His work in Ljubljana helped him to become well known in the Slovene Lands, convincing Slovene liberal nationalists in the Austrian Littoral to entrust him with the design for the National Halls in Gorizia (1903) and in Trieste (1904).
Fabiani also created the urban plan for Bielsko in Poland. In 1902, these two urban plans won him the first honorary doctorate in the field of urban planning by the University of Vienna in Austria-Hungary.
During the 1920s, he coordinated a large scale reconstruction of villages and some historical monuments in the areas in the Julian March that had been devastated by the Battles of the Isonzo during World War I.
Notable works
The most notable works designed by Fabiani include:
Vila Schlegel, Opatija
Palace Portois & Fix (Vienna, 1898)
Palace Artaria, Kohlmarkt (Vienna, 1900)
Lyceum, Mladika Palace (Ljubljana, 1907)
Krisper House (Ljubljana, 1901)
Bamberg House (Ljubljana, 1906)
Palace Urania (Vienna, 1902)
Revenue Office building (Gorizia, 1903)
National Hall (Trieste, 1904)
Prešeren Square and the Prešeren Monument (Ljubljana, unveiled in 1905)
Stabile Palace (Trieste, 1906)
the urban development plan for Ljubljana (1895)
Villa Wechsler (Vienna, 1911)
San Germano church (Brijuni, 1912)
the plan for the reconstruction of Gorizia (1921)
the general urban development plan for Venice (1952)
Restoration of Gorizia duomo (Gorizia, 1919)
The general urban development plan of Monfalcone, Italy (1919)
Villa Bigot (Gorizia, 1921)
Pellegrini's home in Gorizia (1922)
Felberbaum's home in Gorizia (1925)
San Giorgio church (Lucinico, 1927)
Ferrari garden (Štanjel, 1930–40)
Sacro Cuore metropolitan church (Gorizia, 1934)
"Tower of memory", memorial to the Italian soldiers who died in World War I (Gorizia, 1937)
Casa del Fascio (House of Fascism) (Štanjel, 1938)
Awards
Italian Order of Merit for Culture and Art - Rome, 10 September 1951.
Legacy
In 1984, in Vienna Simmering (11th District), Fabiani Street (German: Fabianistraße) was named after him.
Since 2008, the Slovenian highest award for best achievements in urban planning is named after him.
Gallery
References
Italian fascists
Slovenian architects
1865 births
1962 deaths
01
Historicist architects
Vienna Secession architects
Italian people of Austrian descent
Slovenian people of Austrian descent
People from Gorizia
People from the Municipality of Komen
20th-century Italian architects
20th-century Slovenian architects
Art Nouveau architects
The Gargoyle Humor Magazine or The Gargoyle is the official student-run humor magazine for the University of Michigan. It has been satirizing both local and national events for more than one hundred years. The magazine is part of the university's Student Publications, which also includes the campus newspaper, The Michigan Daily, as well as the yearbook, the Michiganensian.
To current and former editors and staff, the magazine is often known simply as The Garg.
Location
The Gargoyle'''s office is located on the second floor of the Student Publications Building at 420 Maynard Street in Ann Arbor, Michigan. The office serves as the staff's production area; it is also home to a number of relics, including two bombshells obtained from the local army surplus and a poster from popular film Whore 2.
History
The Gargoyle was founded in 1909. Its first editor-in-chief, Lee A. White, eventually became editor of the Detroit News and helped found La Choy Foods. Gargoyle was initially a literary magazine featuring stories, articles and pictures with a back section devoted to comedy.
In the 1920s and 1930s, a period during which it was selected as America's Outstanding College Comic Magazine, Gargoyle was published monthly during the school year. The decrease in male students brought about by World War II resulted in the first woman, Olga Gruhzit, becoming editor of Gargoyle in 1942. In 1944, at the height of the war, Gargoyle briefly ceased publication, only to return in the fall of 1945.Gargoyle was declared dead in 1950 when the Board in Control of Student Publications took offense to the issue "The Smooth Gargoyle". Publication continued off campus for a year, and when Gargoyle returned the next year, literary pieces were discontinued and the focus became solely humor. During the 1950s the magazine acquired a counterculture reputation, promoting everything from co-ed housing in the 1950s to Vietnam War protests in the 1960s. In response to the advent of Playboy in the 1950s and the sexual revolution of the 1960s, Gargoyle became progressively more risque. While sex, illegal drugs, and otherwise raunchy jokes have been common fare in issues of the Gargoyle since the 1970s, the magazine has generally tried to maintain a level of intelligence and artistry in its humor.
Art editor Phil Zaret's satirical cartoon, "Kill a Commie for Christ", originally published in the Gargoyle in 1967, became extremely popular during the Vietnam War and was re-published by college publications throughout the United States.
Though the Gargoyle was very successful in the '60's, it struggled to publish in the early 1970s, returned for a few issues in 1974–75, and returned to consistent publication in 1979. The magazine has been forced off-campus (in 1950) and shut down completely (1960–61, 1997) as the result of editorial and financial conflicts with the Board for Student Publications (previously the Board in Control of Student Publications). At one time the magazine was sold for prices varying from fifty cents to two dollars, but for the last five years, it has been free, all revenue being generated by advertisements.
In 1962, cartoonist Charles M. Schulz responded to a request for a Peanuts cartoon by drawing Snoopy with his nose perched over the end of his dog house in the manner of a gargoyle—this became a standard Snoopy pose.
Mascots
Over the decades it has been a Gargoyle tradition for the mascot to periodically change at the whims of the current editor and artists on staff.
Notable alumni
In the 1999 book, Gargoyle Laughs at the 20th Century, editor John Dobbertin compiled all Gargoyle'' staff members credited in the masthead to date. This list includes several University of Michigan alumni before they became famous, including the following:
Lee Blaser, cartoonist.
Lloyd Dangle, cartoonist (Troubletown).
Jerry Ellison, cartoonist.
Larry Brilliant, philanthropist
Max Hodge, television writer/director/producer
Lawrence Kasdan, screenwriter/director.
Terry LaBan, cartoonist (Edge City).
George Lichty (under the name Maurice Lichtenstein), cartoonist (Grin and Bear It).
Janet Malcolm, essayist, journalist, and critic.
Allen Milgrom, cartoonist/editor (Marvel Comics).
Arthur Miller, playwright.
David Newman, screenwriter.
Robert Shaye, producer (New Line Cinemas).
See also
Bentley Historical Library
References
External links
Satirical magazines published in the United States
College humor magazines
Magazines established in 1909
University of Michigan mass media
1909 establishments in Michigan
Student magazines published in the United States
Magazines published in Michigan
Mass media in Ann Arbor, Michigan
On September 27, 1911, the voters of Edmonton approved by plebiscite the amalgamation of Edmonton with Strathcona. A majority of Strathcona voters also voted in favour of amalgamation.
Amalgamation was effected February 1, 1912. In anticipation of this, no election was held December 11, 1911 as would normally have been required (municipal elections in Edmonton at the time being held the second Monday of every December). Instead, elections were fixed for February 16, 1912.
Positions to be elected
With the amalgamation, Council's size was increased by two members, bringing the total number of aldermen to ten.
Due to a clause of the amalgamation agreement, in this election (and in each council hereafter to 1960) at least two of the elected councillors were required to come from the south side of the North Saskatchewan River.
In order to keep the staggered electoral system of aldermen in place, the five most popular of the aldermen elected in this election, (Henry Douglas, Charles Gowan, John Tipton, John Lundy, and Thomas J. Walsh), were elected to two-year terms, and the next five to one-year terms. The exception being that the most popular southside candidate was elected to a two-year term and the next-most-popular one to a one-year term.
In addition to electing city council, the February 1912 elections also elected the entirety of the seven member board of trustees for the public school division (four members - Walter Ramsey, B H Nichols, Samuel Barnes, and Frank Crang - to two-year terms, three others to one-year terms) and three of five members of the board of trustees for the separate school division (Wilfrid Gariépy and Milton Martin having been elected to two-year terms in 1910).
Voter turnout
There were 2870 ballots cast. Information about the number of eligible voters is no longer available.
Results
(bold indicates elected, italics indicate incumbent)
Mayor
George S. Armstrong - 1791
Bryce J Saunders - 1072
Aldermen
Aldermanic election was conduced using Plurality block voting. Each voter could cast up to ten votes, About 17,000 votes were cast by the 2870 voters who participated in this election.
Elected
Henry Douglas - 1640 elected to two year term
Charles Gowan - 1230 elected to two year term
John Tipton - 1227 (South Side) elected to two year term
John Lundy - 1220 elected to two year term
James East (Labour-affiliated) - 1214 elected to one year term
Joseph Clarke - 1174 elected to one year term
Herman McInnes - 1164 elected to one year term
Thomas J. Walsh - 1049 (South Side) elected to two year term
Gustave May - 993 elected to one year term
Hugh Calder - 795 (South Side) elected to one year term
Not elected
D. B. Campbell - 835
J. H. McDonald - 779 (South Side)
J. J. Denman - 757
Thomas Grindley - 708
Thomas Malone - 707 (South Side)
J. Pollard - 659 (South Side)
George Elliott - 526 (South Side)
A. Boileau - 297
Public School Trustees
Election was conduced using Plurality block voting. Each voter could cast up to four votes.
Walter Ramsey - 1531
Bessie H Nichols* - 1446
Samuel Barnes - 1348
William Clark - 1145
John Park - 1139
Frank Crang - 839 (South Side)
J G MacKenzie - 610 (South Side)
(unsuccessful candidates not shown here)
Bessie Nichols was the first woman to run for public office in Edmonton. As a property owner or tenant, she was able to vote and she owned property in Edmonton so was not barred from running for that reason but her candidacy was not secure until an amendment to the city charter was rushed through the Alberta Legislature just before the election was held.
Separate (Catholic) School Trustees
John Cashman, James Collisson, and Joseph Henri Picard were elected. Detailed results are no longer available.
References
City of Edmonton: Edmonton Elections
1912-02
1912 elections in Canada
1912 in Alberta
Garvaghullion is a townland in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. It is situated in the barony of Omagh West and the civil parish of Longfield East and covers an area of 640 acres.
The name derives from the Irish: Garbhach an Chuilinn (rough place of the holly).
In 1841 the population of the townland was 204 people (38 houses) and in 1851 it was 157 people (33 houses).
The townland contains one Scheduled Historic Monument: a Bronze Age wooden trackway (grid ref: H3680 7667). This was found in Garvaghullion Bog (grid ref: H365768), 9km north-west of Omagh, at a depth of over 1.5m in the bog. Garvaghullion Bog is a range of raised bogs found along the valley of the Fairy Water river in which commercial peat extraction had begun in the 1990s. By 1997 only one tenth of the original bog was left, which although scientifically important, hasn't been protected.
See also
List of townlands of County Tyrone
List of archaeological sites in County Tyrone
References
Townlands of County Tyrone
Archaeological sites in County Tyrone
The 1981 Tournament Players Championship was a golf tournament in Florida on the PGA Tour, held March 19–23 at Sawgrass Country Club in Ponte Vedra Beach, southeast of Jacksonville. The eighth Tournament Players Championship, it was the fifth consecutive at Sawgrass and the champion was Raymond Floyd.
The final round on Sunday was washed-out by thunderstorms and played on Monday.
After 72 holes, three players were tied at 285 (−3): Floyd, Barry Jaeckel, and Curtis Strange. The playoff began at the par-3 15th hole, where Floyd made par and the other two had bogeys.
In addition to the winner's share of $72,000, Floyd won a $250,000 bonus for consecutive victories during the tour's Florida swing; he won at Doral near Miami the previous week.
Defending champion Lee Trevino finished four strokes back, in a tie for twelfth place.
Venue
This was the fifth and last Tournament Players Championship held at Sawgrass Country Club; it moved to the nearby TPC at Sawgrass Stadium Course in 1982. The new course was scheduled to make its debut in 1981, but heavy rains during construction pushed it back a year.
Eligibility requirements
1. All designated players
2. Winners of major PGA Tour co-sponsored or approved events beginning with the 1980 Tournament Players Championship and concluding with the tournament immediately preceding the 1981 TPC
Lee Trevino, Doug Tewell, Craig Stadler, Seve Ballesteros, Roger Maltbie, Tom Watson (3), Mark Pfeil, Curtis Strange, Bruce Lietzke, David Graham, John Mahaffey, Larry Nelson, Jack Nicklaus, Bob Gilder, Scott Simpson, Billy Kratzert, Scott Hoch, Howard Twitty, Peter Jacobsen, Don Pooley, Wayne Levi, Phil Hancock, Ben Crenshaw, Mike Sullivan, Dan Halldorson, Danny Edwards, David Edwards, Johnny Miller, John Cook, Hale Irwin, Andy Bean, Tom Kite, Raymond Floyd
3. The current British Open champion
4. Leaders in the PGA Tour Official Standings as necessary to complete the field, beginning with the 1980 TPC and concluding with the Jackie Gleason-Inverrary Classic, which concludes March 8, 1981
Source:
Field
John Adams, Buddy Allin, Wally Armstrong, Butch Baird, Seve Ballesteros, Miller Barber, Andy Bean, Chip Beck, Mike Brannan, Brad Bryant, George Burns, George Cadle, Rex Caldwell, Bill Calfee, Roger Calvin, Antonio Cerda Jr., Jon Chaffee, Bobby Clampett, Jim Colbert, Bobby Cole, Frank Conner, Charles Coody, John Cook, Ben Crenshaw, Rod Curl, Jim Dent, Bruce Devlin, Terry Diehl, Mike Donald, Bruce Douglass, Skip Dunaway, Bob Eastwood, Danny Edwards, David Edwards, Dave Eichelberger, Lee Elder, Keith Fergus, Ed Fiori, Raymond Floyd, John Fought, Buddy Gardner, Gibby Gilbert, Bob Gilder, Jaime Gonzalez, Mike Gove, David Graham, Lou Graham, Hubert Green, Jay Haas, Joe Hager, Gary Hallberg, Dan Halldorson, Phil Hancock, Morris Hatalsky, Mark Hayes, Vance Heafner, Dave Hill, Lon Hinkle, Scott Hoch, Joe Inman, Hale Irwin, Peter Jacobsen, Barry Jaeckel, Tom Jenkins, Grier Jones, Gary Koch, Billy Kratzert, Wayne Levi, Bruce Lietzke, Gene Littler, Lyn Lott, Mark Lye, John Mahaffey, Roger Maltbie, Rik Massengale, Terry Mauney, Mike McCullough, Mark McCumber, Jerry McGee, Pat McGowan, Artie McNickle, Steve Melnyk, Johnny Miller, Jeff Mitchell, Gil Morgan, Mike Morley, Bob Murphy, Jim Nelford, Larry Nelson, Jack Newton, Bobby Nichols, Jack Nicklaus, Mike Nicolette, Lonnie Nielsen, Andy North, Mark O'Meara, Peter Oosterhuis, Arnold Palmer, Jerry Pate, Calvin Peete, Mark Pfeil, Gary Player, Dan Pohl, Don Pooley, Greg Powers, Tom Purtzer, Dana Quigley, Sammy Rachels, Victor Regalado, Mike Reid, Jack Renner, Chi-Chi Rodríguez, Bill Rogers, Mark Rohde, John Schroeder, Bob Shearer, Jim Simons, Scott Simpson, Tim Simpson, J. C. Snead, Ed Sneed, Mick Soli, Craig Stadler, Dave Stockton, Curtis Strange, Ron Streck, Mike Sullivan, Alan Tapie, Doug Tewell, Barney Thompson, Leonard Thompson, Jim Thorpe, Lee Trevino, Howard Twitty, Tommy Valentine, Bobby Wadkins, Lanny Wadkins, Bobby Walzel, Tom Watson, D. A. Weibring, Tom Weiskopf, Larry Ziegler, Fuzzy Zoeller
Round summaries
First round
Thursday, March 20, 1981
Source:
Second round
Friday, March 20, 1981
Source:
Third round
Saturday, March 21, 1981
Source:
Final round
Monday, March 23, 1981
Playoff
The sudden-death playoff began and ended at the par-3 15th hole.
References
External links
The Players Championship website
1981
1981 in golf
1981 in American sports
1981 in sports in Florida
March 1981 sports events in the United States
Up the Shambles – Live in Manchester is a live DVD of the band Babyshambles. The DVD was released without the band's prior knowledge according to bassist Drew McConnell. The DVD was released around the time of the band's second album Shotters Nation, but not only featured a much older version of the band, it was recorded prior to the release of the first album Down in Albion. The set list features songs of the band's debut, B-sides, unreleased songs and songs by Pete Doherty's other band The Libertines.
Track listing
"The Man Who Came to Stay"
"Do You Know Me?"
"In Love with a Feeling"
"Babyshambles"
"Gang of Gin"
"Fuck Forever"
"I Mean You No Harm"
"Sheepskin Tearaway" / "Free as a Bird" (The Beatles cover)
"Don't Look Back into the Sun"
"Time for Heroes" / "Well I Wonder" (The Smiths cover)
"Albion" / "Music When the Lights Go Out"
"I Wanna Break Your Heart"
"What Katy Did"
"Killamangiro"
"My Darling Clementine"
"Blackboy Lane"
"Wolfman"
Bonus features
Behind the scenes with Babyshambles, including full Pete Doherty solo acoustic performances of "Time For Heroes" and "Can't Stand Me Now", and Babyshambles performing "Babyshambles" plus other live clips.
Personnel
Pete Doherty – vocals, Guitar
Patrick Walden – Guitar
Drew McConnell – Bass guitar
Gemma Clarke – drums
Guest appearance:
Dot Allison – vocals
Babyshambles albums
2007 live albums
2007 video albums
Live video albums
Telen Glacier () is a glacier flowing to the east side of Lutzow-Holm Bay between Telen Hill and Kjuka Headland. Mapped from air photos and surveys by Japanese Antarctic Research Expedition (JARE), 1957–62, and named after nearby Telen Hill.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
References
Glaciers of Queen Maud Land
Prince Harald Coast
Jean Renaux (25 June 1933 – 11 February 2018) was a French sports shooter. He competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics and the 1964 Summer Olympics.
References
1933 births
2018 deaths
French male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of France
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Marseille
Jalan Bekoh (Malacca state route M123 or Johor state route M123) is a major road in Malacca and Johor state, Malaysia.
List of junctions
References
Roads in Malacca
Roads in Johor
The South African Railways Class A 4-8-2T of 1888 was a steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Colony of Natal.
In 1888, the Natal Government Railways placed the first five of its eventual one hundred Class D steam locomotives in service. The last was delivered in 1899. They were the first locomotives in the world to be built with a wheel arrangement, later to become known as the Mountain type. In 1912, when these locomotives were assimilated into the South African Railways, they were renumbered and designated Class A. In 1915, another two Class A locomotives were built from spare parts.
Manufacturers
The Natal Government Railways (NGR) Class D tank locomotive was designed by William Milne, the Locomotive Superintendent of the NGR from 1877 to 1896, and was built by Dübs and Company. The first 46 locomotives, with an operating boiler pressure of and numbered in the range from 49 to 94, were placed in service during Milne's term. They proved to be such good engines that, when G.W. Reid took over as Locomotive Superintendent in 1896, he continued to place further orders for another 58, numbered in the range from 91 to 148, but with the boiler pressure increased to . These 100 locomotives, initially known on the NGR as the Dübs A, were delivered in ten batches by Dübs between 1888 and 1899.
As far as is known, the Dübs A locomotive were the first in the world to be designed and built with a wheel arrangement, later to become known as the Mountain type.
Modifications
The performance in service of the Dübs A was gradually improved by various modifications. New boilers were fitted as and when the originals needed replacement, with a working pressure of instead of the as-delivered of the first few batches. This increased their tractive effort at 75% boiler pressure from to . The coal bunkers were also enlarged and the connecting rod big-ends were changed to the marine type to increase ground clearance.
Another modification was an extended smokebox on most locomotives, such as on NGR no. 87 depicted below. In the 1890s, some improvements to smokebox design took place. Extending the smokebox forward increased its volume. The increased amount of exhaust gases present in the smokebox had the effect of stabilising and improving the draught. The date of this improvement can be pinned to 1891 when the second batch of Michael Stephens' Cape Government Railways (CGR) 5th Class 4-6-0 locomotives with their lengthened smokeboxes entered service. This had such a profound effect on the boiler's steaming ability that virtually every locomotive on the CGR and NGR had their smokeboxes extended.
Beginning in 1905, after D.A. Hendrie took over from Reid as Locomotive Superintendent, these locomotives were gradually fitted with Belpaire fireboxes with wider firegrates. The flat-topped Belpaire firebox had the advantage of an increased area of the water-line at the hottest part of the boiler, together with increased steam space over the firebox. In order to accomplish this, Hendrie raised the boiler's pitch by and cut away the frame under the firebox to accommodate the wider grates. The wider firebox required that the water tanks also had to be moved out and the opportunity was taken to enlarge the tanks. The cabs were also improved to offer the engine crew better protection, and new brass-capped chimneys replaced the original straight flared chimneys. These modified locomotives were known as the Improved Dübs A.
When a locomotive classification system was introduced on the NGR, the Dübs A locomotive family was designated Class D. The unmodified locomotives became the Class D1 while the modified locomotives with Belpaire fireboxes became the Class D2.
South African Railways
When the Union of South Africa was established on 31 May 1910, the three Colonial government railways (CGR, NGR and Central South African Railways) were united under a single administration to control and administer the railways, ports and harbours of the Union. Although the South African Railways and Harbours came into existence in 1910, the actual classification and renumbering of all the rolling stock of the three constituent railways was only implemented with effect from 1 January 1912.
In 1912, these engines were designated Class A and were renumbered in the range from 97 to 196, with the unmodified Class D1 locomotives receiving the numbers in the range from 97 to 186 and the ten, at the time, already reboilered Class D2 locomotives receiving the numbers in the range from 187 to 196. In South African Railways (SAR) service, the Improved Dübs A locomotives became known as the Class A Belpaire.
In 1915, to help counter wartime motive power shortages brought about by the diminished ability to order new locomotives from European builders due to hostilities, another two Class A locomotives were built from spare parts by the SAR in their Durban shops. These two locomotives were numbered 332 and 333.
Service
In the NGR era, the Class D fleet remained in service on the Natal mainline until they were eventually displaced by more modern locomotives. They continued to serve well into the SAR era on the Dundee-Hlobane branchline, the Harrismith-Ladysmith section and on the north coastline to Empangeni.
In 1915, shortly after the outbreak of the First World War, the German South West Africa colony was occupied by the Union Defence Forces. Since a large part of the territory's railway infrastructure and rolling stock was destroyed or damaged by retreating German forces, an urgent need arose for locomotives for use on the Cape gauge lines in that territory. In 1917, numbers 98 and 183 were transferred to the Defence Department for service in South West Africa. Both locomotives are believed to have returned to South Africa after the war.
The last of the was withdrawn from service in 1962. Several locomotives continued to serve in industrial use for many years.
Preservation
A few survive in preservation.
Ex NGR no. 84, SAR no. 130 named Patrys, is plinthed at the Reefsteamers Depot in Germiston.
Ex NGR no. 90, SAR no. 136 named Umbilo, is in the care of the Umgeni Steam Railway.
Ex NGR no. 55, SAR no. 103, was moved from Witbank to the Outeniqua Transport Museum in George in August 2014.
Ex NGR no 133, SAR Class A Belpaire no. 196, was plinthed at Masons Mill in Pietermaritzburg until it was repatriated to the United Kingdom in 2011. It is now displayed at the entrance to the Mizens Railway near Woking.
Ex NGR no. ?, SAR no. 176, on display at Brikor Limited, Olifantsfontein.
Rebuilding to Class 17 4-8-0TT
When a shortage of suitable shunting locomotives developed in 1926, the SAR modified 21 Class A and Class A Belpaire locomotives by removing the trailing bissel bogie and coal bunker, shortening the main frame and adding a tender to increase their coal and water capacity. Tenders from various scrapped locomotive types were used.
These 21 rebuilt locomotives became the SAR Class 17 tank-and-tender locomotives, numbered in the range from 1415 to 1435. They were used as shunting locomotives around Durban and Port Elizabeth, until they were withdrawn from service by 1961.
Work numbers
The builder's works numbers, years built, NGR and SAR numbers, firebox type and Class 17 numbers are listed in the table.
Illustration
The main picture shows SAR Class A Belpaire no. 196 at Masons Mill on 10 December 2010. Those following illustrate the short and long smokebox versions of the locomotive and some of the post-delivery changes which were made, such as the altered cab for better crew protection.
References
1040
1040
4-8-2 locomotives
2D1 locomotives
4-8-2T locomotives
Dübs locomotives
SAR locomotives
Cape gauge railway locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1888
1888 in South Africa
Nowgardan () is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 381, in 85 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
John Sears Casey (December 31, 1930 – June 16, 2022) was an American attorney and politician who served as a member of the Alabama House of Representatives from 1959 to 1967, representing Cleburne County, Alabama.
References
1930 births
2022 deaths
Members of the Alabama House of Representatives
Lawyers from Birmingham, Alabama
Politicians from Birmingham, Alabama
People from Heflin, Alabama
Auburn University alumni
Jacksonville State University alumni
University of Alabama School of Law alumni
Ilha de Tinharé (Tinharé Island) is an island located in the municipality of Cairu, on the coast of Brazil.
The town of Tinharé is accessible via catamaran or boat from the river that passes through the municipality of Valença.
Atlantic islands of Brazil
George "Buster" Rhymes (born January 27, 1962) is a former professional American football wide receiver.
Biography
Rhymes grew up in Liberty City, an inner city neighborhood of Miami, Florida. He graduated from Miami Northwestern at the University of Oklahoma under coach Barry Switzer in 1980. He was named Dade County's Athlete of the Year for 1979-80.
Buster achieved All-American recognition at Oklahoma as a wide receiver.
Standing tall and weighing , Rhymes was selected by the Minnesota Vikings in the fourth round of the 1985 NFL Draft. Rhymes played in two National Football Leagues (NFL) seasons for the Vikings in 1985 and 1986, and in 1985 set an NFL single-season record for kick return yardage with 1,345 yards; the league record has since been broken, but the total stood as a Vikings franchise record until broken by Cordarrelle Patterson in the final game of the 2013 season. Following his NFL stint, Rhymes went to Canada and played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League (CFL). He spent two seasons there (1988 and 1989), winning a Grey Cup championship ring in 1988.
In popular culture
Rhymes was the inspiration for rapper Busta Rhymes' stage name, which was given to him by Chuck D.
References
1962 births
Living people
African-American players of American football
American football return specialists
American football wide receivers
Minnesota Vikings players
Oklahoma Sooners football players
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Miami Northwestern Senior High School alumni
Players of American football from Miami
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
Players of Canadian football from Miami
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
John Greville Fennell (1807–1885) was a British artist, naturalist, and angler.
Life
Fennell was born at sea between Ireland and England in 1807. He began his career as an artist by winning the silver medal offered by the Duke of Sussex for a drawing of Hercules, and afterwards was a student at Finden's house, where he was intimate with Hablot Knight Browne, who was similarly employed. As a young man Fennell succeeded best in comic painting, but later in life was fonder of landscapes. In some of these, however, he was very careless, and was always unequal in his work. He drew pictures of the tournament at Eglinton Castle for the ‘Illustrated London News.' His fondness for natural history displayed itself chiefly in observations on the habits of fish and waterside birds.
These he carried on simultaneously with the practice of angling, of which he was a devoted follower, especially in the River Thames. He was a member of the 'Field' staff from the commencement of that paper in 1853, and wrote week after week in it on fishing subjects; besides which he was a frequent contributor to the 'Fishing Gazette' and other sporting papers on angling and outdoor pursuits. He was author of 'The Book of the Roach,' 1870, an exhaustive treatise on angling for that fish; and contributed a paper called 'Curiosities of Angling Literature' to Mr. Cholmondeley Pennell's 'Fishing Gossip,' 1866. This is a discursive attempt at the humorous style in writing on angling topics, which was at that time fashionable. He also wrote 'The Rail and the Rod,' a meritorious guide book to the favourite angling resorts of the Thames.
Generous to a fault, and an excellent practical angler, Fennell was never so happy as when relating to a circle of friends reminiscences of Dickens, Thackeray, Douglas Jerrold, Mackay, and Harrison Ainsworth, with all of whom he had been on intimate terms. He lived long at Barnes, and late in life at Henley, at both of which places he was favourably situated for the pursuit of angling. At the latter town he died suddenly on 13 January 1885, in the seventy-eighth year of his age, and was buried in Trinity churchyard, not a hundred yards from the house in which he spent his last two years, under the appropriate epitaph, 'The fishers also shall mourn, and all they that cast angle into the brooks shall lament'.
References
External links
"A Tournament" (oil on canvas) by John Greville Fennell – National Gallery of Ireland
1808 births
1885 deaths
19th-century English people
19th-century British artists
English artists
British fishers
No Way Back is a 1949 British crime film directed by Stefan Osiecki and starring Terence De Marney, Eleanor Summerfield and Jack Raine. The screenplay concerns an injured boxer who sinks into bad company when his fighting career comes to an end leading to a spiral of crime. It was made at Nettlefold Studios in Walton-on-Thames.
Plot
Johnnie Thompson, a veteran and popular boxer known as "The Croucher" for his distinctive fighting style, enters the ring against a much younger opponent Tommy McGovern. Despite his years of hard living, Thompson remains confident of winning but soon finds himself in trouble. Drawing on all his reserves he is able to knock his opponent down but not out. McGovern gets up and then knocks Thompson out for a ten count.
Thompson still hopes to continue his career and regain his title, but a visit to the Doctor's informs him that the sight in one of his eyes has gone. He realises he will be unable to fight on and retires. His promoter explains that he spent most of his money during his career, and even a benefit held in his honour goes towards paying taxes. His wife, a glamorous nightclub singer, leaves him now that he can no longer provide expensive things for her. Thompson sinks into self-pity, returning to pubs in his old haunt in East London where he grew up to drink himself into an alcoholic stupor.
One day while drinking, he encounters a former girlfriend from before his boxing career took off, Beryl. She is now the girl of a local big-shot gangster boss Joe Sleat. Sleat, who remembers Thompson as a young boy and was always jealous, is amused to see him in his current state and offers him a job working for him. Beryl tries to stop Thompson from being drawn into Sleat's orbit, but she is unsuccessful. Before long Thompson has become one of Sleat's best men, although he is treated contemptuously by the boss.
Before long Beryl and Thompson are clearly developing feelings for each other, irritating Sleat who feels that Thompson is getting above himself. He sets up an armed robbery on a jeweller and plans it so that Thompson will be killed in the raid. Beryl gets wind of this and intercepts the message telling Thompson about the raid, and then informs the police of Sleat's robbery. In the ensuing chaos, Sleat shoots a policeman dead and escapes. Now a fugitive, he returns to his house where Beryl and Thompson are. She tries to tell Thompson not to get involved, but he still feels obliged to Sleat for giving him a break in his outfit.
When the police arrive the three of them make a run for it and are pursued by the police through the streets of London's docklands. They finally hole up in a warehouse and Thompson and Sleat shoot down two more policemen. As Sleat gleefully points out to him, Thompson is now in as much trouble as he is. They all face hanging for their crime, and decide to fight it out. The situation rapidly develops into a siege. Sleat begins to break down, and eventually tries to make a run for it but is killed.
Thompson and Beryl continue to hold out, but it has dawned on him there is literally no way back. Restored by Beryl's confession of her love for him, and the sound of a nearby radio recounting the ongoing story of the siege and the career of the former champion "Croucher" Thompson—allowing him to briefly relive his glory days as a fighter—he accepts his fate and calmly walks outside to be shot down.
Cast
Terence De Marney as Johnnie Thompson
Eleanor Summerfield as Beryl
Jack Raine as Joe Sleat
John Salew as Sammy Linkman
Shirley Quentin as Sally Thompson
Dennis Val Norton as Harry
Gerald Lawson as Mike Taylor
Tommy McGovern as Himself
Peggy Clarke as Miss Carter
Thomas Gallagher as Bill
Gerald Pring as Doctor
Anthony Valentine as Little Boy
Production
No Way Back was based on the short story "Beryl and the Croucher" by Thomas Burke, from his 1916 collection Limehouse Nights, who was known for his writings set in the East End of London. It is part of the spiv cycle of films made between 1945 and 1950. The real-life boxer Tommy McGovern appears in the opening fight scene of the film as Thompson's opponent.
References
External links
1949 films
1949 crime films
Films set in London
British boxing films
Films based on short fiction
Films based on works by Thomas Burke
British crime films
British black-and-white films
Films scored by Eric Spear
1940s English-language films
1940s British films
Stonehoney is an American rock band from Austin, Texas. Stonehoney consists of Shawn Davis on vocals and electric guitar, Phil Hurley on vocals and lead electric guitar, Dave Phenicie on vocals and bass guitar, and Nick Randolph (Brother of actor Christopher Randolph) on vocals and acoustic guitar. Stonehoney has been touring extensively since 2007 and has released one album, The Cedar Creek Sessions.
History
The quartet first began playing together in Randolph's living room in Los Angeles, under the name "Songs from the Hillside Living Room", although soon they were performing in a variety of settings around Los Angeles. They changed the name to Stonehoney and committed to the band full-time, eventually moving to Austin in search of expanded performing opportunities.
The band thrived in Austin, where audiences cared more about the actual music than the glamorous presentation of the musicians. As Hurley put it, "People weren't interested in whether we were hunky; they just wanted to know if we could play and if our songs were any good. It felt like we'd come home."
The Cedar Creek Sessions
Stonehoney released their first album entitled The Cedar Creek sessions with Music Road Records in 2010. The band spent four days recording forty compositions all in live takes. Fourteen of those forty songs made the final cut for the album. Some of the singles from the album include "Two Years Down", "I Don't Want to Go Home", and "Good as Gone".
References
External links
Official Stonehoney Site
Stonehoney's Myspace Page
Stonehoney's Facebook Page
Country musicians from Texas
American Southern Rock musicians
American country rock groups
Musical groups from Austin, Texas
Musical groups established in 2007
2007 establishments in Texas
The zarambeque is a dance and musical form of the 17th and early 18th century with roots in Spanish colonial America, where Spanish, African and mestizo influences converged. It was considered a very lively, boisterous dance. Performed by popular and academic musicians, the zarambeque is written in triple and sextuple meter, with parallel or serial second lines in duple or quadruple meter. Diego Fernández de Huete and Santiago de Murcia made sketches of the genre.
References
External links
Audiovideo - Sanz's zarambeque
Audiovideo - De Huete's zarambeque
Baroque dance
Musical forms
Song Chen (Chinese: 宋琛; born 3 January 1990 in Dalian) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for China League One side Sichuan Jiuniu.
Club career
Song Chen would start his football career playing for the various Dalian Shide F.C. youth teams before he was sent out to the team's reserve team called Dalian Shide Siwu FC that was allowed to take part in Singapore's 2008 S.League. He would make his debut on 21 February 2008 in a league game against Home United that ended in a 2-1 defeat. He would return to the Dalian Shide's youth team as they participated in the 2009 National Games of China. He would go on to transfer to Chinese Super League team Shenzhen Ruby in 2010 along with fellow teammate Quan Heng. He would eventually make his league debut for Shenzhen on 2 May 2010 in a game against Henan Jianye, coming on as a substitute for Yuan Lin in the 43rd minute. Song would gradually start to establish himself within the team until the introduction of new Head coach Philippe Troussier, who did not integrate Song into his tactical system.
In February 2012, he transferred to Chinese Super League side Liaoning Whowin. In February 2013, Song moved to China League Two side Qinghai Senke on a one-year loan deal. On his return he gradually started to become a regular within the team, but was also part of the squad that saw the club relegated at the end of the 2017 Chinese Super League campaign. He left the club after they were dissolved on 23 May 2020 due to wage arrears. He would join another second tier club in Sichuan Jiuniu, on a free transfer and would make his debut in a league game against Kunshan FC on 13 September 2020 in a 2-0 defeat.
Career statistics
Statistics accurate as of match played 31 December 2020.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Dalian
Shenzhen F.C. players
Liaoning F.C. players
Sichuan Jiuniu F.C. players
China League Two players
China League One player
Chinese Super League players
Association football defenders
Projet Volterra is a European project of ancient legal history databases of the Institute of Classical Studies and elsewhere.
Overview
Projet Volterra was established to promote the study of Roman law in its full social, political and legal context, by facilitating access through the production of an electronic database, to act not only as a Regest but also contain the basic texts of imperial legal pronouncements. Initially in Phase 1 of the Project the texts of legislation of the 'House of Constantine' (i.e. of the Augusti Constantinus II, Constantius II, Constans, and Julian), between AD 337 and 363 and other pertinent data were entered into a Microsoft Access database. Legislations of the later tetrarchs and Constantine (305-337), Jovian, Valentinian, Valens and Gratian (363-383) etc. were also added to the database in this Phase.
References
Roman law
External links
Institute of Classical Studies
Brenda Love, Ph.D., (born December 13, 1950) is an American psychologist, writer, international lecturer and sexologist. She is a leading authority on paraphilias, fetishes, sadomasochism and unusual sex practices. She has documented over 600 sex practices in the Encyclopedia of Unusual Sex Practices and it remains the most comprehensive and valuable research available today for therapists, physicians, educators, and law enforcement agencies.
Love has promoted understanding and non-judgment of fetish behavior in public lectures and as a guest on numerous television and radio programs. During her career she served as a counselor on the National STD Hotline, The San Mateo Suicide and Crisis Center, The National AIDS Hotline, and the San Francisco Sex Switchboard.
Love received her doctorate in psychology from Hamilton University (1992) and a Bachelor of Arts from Trinity College & University (1990). She is also a biographee of Who's Who of American Women, and of Who's Who of Outstanding Writers of the 20th Century. She has been a member of the American Association of Sex Educators, Counselors, and Therapists, Society for the Scientific Study of Sexuality, the International Society for Prevention of Child Abuse and Neglect, Student Affiliate of the American Psychological Association, the Mystery Writers of America, and the California Writers Club.
Publications
Love, Brenda, (2012), WWII Memoirs, Amazon ()
Love, Brenda Zejdl, (2012), Dita's Journey, 5 Camps 5 Years, Amazon ().
Love, Brenda, (1992), Encyclopedia of Unusual Sex Practices, Little Brown . The book is available in English, Spanish, German, Portuguese, Japanese and French.
Love, B, (2001) Contributing writer for The International Encyclopedia of Sexuality, () by Francoeur, R. An updated one-volume version was published in 2004 under the title The Continuum complete international encyclopedia of sexuality ().
Love, B, (1992), "500 Unusual Sex Practices" video, Institute for the Advanced Study of Human Sexuality, San Francisco
Love, B, Bishop L, (2020), A Crazy Old Ladies' Guide to the World of Bridge, Amazon ().
Love, B, Cook C; (1995), "Encyclopedia of Unusual Sex Practices" DVD, Harvest Moon Studios, Los Angeles, CA
Love, B, (1991), "Gastronophilia", Not Naughty News;, Woodside, CA, Vol. 1, No. 2,
Love, B, (1992), "Entomophilia", Not Naughty News;, Woodside, CA, Vol. 2, No. 1
Love, B, (1993), "Pie Throwing", Not Naughty News;, Woodside, CA, Vol. 3, No. 1
Love, B, (1994), "Hierophilia and Pecattiphilia", Passionate Living Magazine;, Woodside, California, Vol. 4, No. 2
References
American non-fiction writers
20th-century American Jews
1950 births
Living people
21st-century American Jews
The Z shell (Zsh) is a Unix shell that can be used as an interactive login shell and as a command interpreter for shell scripting. Zsh is an extended Bourne shell with many improvements, including some features of Bash, ksh, and tcsh.
History
Paul Falstad wrote the first version of Zsh in 1990 while a student at Princeton University. The name zsh derives from the name of Yale professor Zhong Shao (then a teaching assistant at Princeton University) – Paul Falstad regarded Shao's login-id, "zsh", as a good name for a shell.
Zsh was at first intended to be a subset of csh for the Commodore Amiga, but expanded far beyond that. By the time of the release of version 1.0 in 1990 the aim was to be a cross between ksh and tcsh – a powerful "command and programming language" that is well-designed and logical (like ksh), but also built for humans (like tcsh), with all the neat features like spell checking, login/logout watching and termcap support that were "probably too weird to make it into an AT&T product".
Zsh is available as a separate package for Microsoft Windows as part of the UnxUtils collection of native Win32 ports of common GNU Unix-like utilities.
In 2019, macOS Catalina adopted Zsh as the default login shell, replacing the GPLv2 licensed version of Bash, and when Bash is run interactively on Catalina, a warning is shown by default.
In 2020, Kali Linux adopted Zsh as the default shell since its 2020.4 release.
Features
Features include:
Programmable command-line completion that can help the user type both options and arguments for most used commands, with out-of-the-box support for several hundred commands
Sharing of command history among all running shells
Extended file globbing allows file specification without needing to run an external program such as find
Improved variable/array handling
Editing of multi-line commands in a single buffer
Spelling correction and autofill of command names (and optionally arguments, assumed to be file names)
Various compatibility modes, e.g. Zsh can pretend to be a Bourne shell when run as /bin/sh
Themeable prompts, including the ability to put prompt information on the right side of the screen and have it auto-hide when typing a long command
Loadable modules, providing among other things: full TCP and Unix domain socket controls, an FTP client, and extended math functions.
The built-in where command. Works like the which command but shows all locations of the target command in the directories specified in $PATH rather than only the one that will be used.
Named directories. This allows the user to set up shortcuts such as ~mydir, which then behave the way ~ and ~user do.
Community
A user community website known as "Oh My Zsh" collects third-party plug-ins and themes for the Z shell. As of 2021, their GitHub repository has over 1900 contributors, over 300 plug-ins, and over 140 themes. It also comes with an auto-update tool that makes it easier to keep installed plug-ins and themes updated.
See also
Comparison of command shells
References
External links
ZSH Wiki
Scripting languages
Killigarth Manor is a Grade II listed former manor house in the civil parish of Polperro in Cornwall, United Kingdom. It is in the hamlet of Killigarth northeast of Polperro village. It has an 1872 datestone which marks the date when the older house was demolished, though its materials were used in the building of the present house. Killigarth Manor is used as holiday accommodation. In the grounds are a holiday and caravan park. The small housing estate of Carey Park is nearby.
Manor house
An original manor house dates from 1662 and existed prior to the current one, and was described by Jonathan Couch in his History of Polperro (1871): "At the top of the eastern hill ... is the neat old manor-house of Killigarth, with its antique square-headed and granite-mullioned windows, its respectable arched doorways, and massive chimneys ... The house has on the second stage, a fine room, now used as a sleeping apartment; but, from its dimensions and the labour bestowed on its decoration, evidently once the state room of the house."
In 1872, the original house was demolished and a new house was built using the same stone, as shown by the building's date stone. It is also possible that part of the house was simply remodelled, rather than fully demolished as the 1662 date stone remains. There are also record of the original building having a bell tower. The building is made of granite rubble with a slate roof, is two stories high. The present building was designated Grade II listed status on 27 August 1952. Presently the grounds include a John Fowler Holiday Parks site, with some guests staying in the manor itself.
Family history
Killigarth was probably owned by John de Kylgat, who is listed by Richard Carew as being among those who had estates of £20 a year in the reign of Edward I. In the reign of Henry VI it was in the possession of the Bere family from whom it passed through an heiress to the Beville family and was the seat of John Bevill, Sheriff of Cornwall in the sixteenth century. By 1714, the manor was owned by Revd Nicholas Kendall, the arch-deacon of Totnes. Sir William Beville lived here in the reign of Queen Elizabeth I, the last male heir of his family, who is said to have died after being gored by a bull.
References
Houses in Cornwall
Grade II listed buildings in Cornwall
Polperro
Daniel Lobell is a Los Angeles-based American stand-up comedian, podcaster, and comic-book writer best known for his podcast Modern Day Philosophers. Comedian Marc Maron credits him with creating the first podcast focused on stand-up comedy, Comical Radio.
He has released two comedy albums on Dan Schlissel's Stand Up! Records. He also created and writes the autobiographical comic book Fair Enough, also published by Stand Up!.
Personal life
Lobell was born to Jewish parents in the New York City borough of Queens and grew up on Long Island. He is the oldest of four boys. Lobell's family has roots in the Scottish and Turkish Jewish communities. Though raised in a religious family, he was interested in comedy from a young age, inspired by Jerry Seinfeld, Adam Sandler, and Jim Carrey. Lobell fell away from his Orthodox faith in his 20s when starting as a comedian, but returned when his fiancé converted to Judaism before their marriage in 2015. Lobell graduated from Baruch College in New York.
Career
Lobell has been performing stand-up since he was a teenager in New York. His comedy is frequently autobiographical, often a combination of stand-up and storytelling focusing on Jewish culture and faith, and Lobell's unusual status as an Orthodox Jewish comedian. Lobell will not perform or travel on the Sabbath. Despite his belief, Lobell's comedy often covers taboo topics such as sex.
Lobell befriended Jackie Mason, George Carlin, and Carl Reiner after interviewing Mason for his college newspaper; Mason and Carlin became important mentors in his early career. He also worked for Mason selling audio cassettes after Mason's shows. A fan of comic writer Harvey Pekar, Lobell struck up a friendship with him by cold-calling Pekar at his house in Cleveland.
Podcasts
From 2004 to 2012, Lobell ran the podcast Comical Radio, on which he interviewed more than 1,000 comedians. In 2009, he created a webseries based on Comical Radio, Rise of the Radio Show, which featured performances from Patrice O'Neal, Colin Quinn, J.B. Smoove, Dave Attell, and Brian Posehn. Lobell shuttered Comical Radio in 2012 and moved to Los Angeles to expand his career.
Lobell began a new podcast, Modern Day Philosophers, in 2013 with the idea of approaching classical philosophy through the lens of stand-up comics, who Lobell felt were the philosophers of the modern age, telling one interviewer, "my feeling is that all the knowledge in the world is accessible to everybody, it's just sometimes hidden in code." Guests have included Marc Maron, Reggie Watts, and Maria Bamford.
He also hosts medical website Doctorpedia's Leading Voices podcast.
Comedy albums
Lobell has released two albums on Stand Up! Records, 2013's Some Kind of Comedian and 2017's The Nicest Boy in Barcelona. Reviewer Richard Lanoie, writing on The Serious Comedy Site, called Some Kind of Comedian unfocused but said "there is a hell of a lot to like." Chris Milea of Stage Time magazine called the album "quite clever" and praised Lobell's "notable amount of ingenuity and risk-taking." Reviews of Barcelona were stronger. Chris Spector of Midwest Record said Lobell had "mastered doing the observational thing without hitting you with it like a flying mallet", while Lanoie called Barcelona a "rock solid" improvement on Lobell's first album.
Comics
Lobell was an avid artist from childhood, and was inspired to pursue a career in comics by the examples of Stan Lee and Harvey Pekar. In 2018, Lobell began an autobiographical comic book, Fair Enough. The first issue covers his troubled school-age years and friendship with Pekar.
Other work
Lobell performs regularly at the Laugh Factory and the Hollywood Improv in Los Angeles. He has been a guest twice on the WTF with Marc Maron podcast.
In 2017, Lobell performed his autobiographical stand-up show Broke as a Joke at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival and Hollywood Fringe Festival. The show covers a number of Lobell's often-bizarre self-started business ventures, including stints as a breeder of hairless cats, a door-to-door lightbulb salesman, cleaning shark tanks in the Israeli city of Eilat, and raising chickens with his neighbor, an Ecuadorian gang member. Lobell followed in 2018 with Fat Chance, about his struggles with obesity. He has performed multiple times at the Glasgow International Comedy Festival.
He performed in and contributed writing for Hasidic comic Mendy Pellin's 2014 series Jewbellish the News.
His work has been featured on This American Life and TedX. He is a frequent essayist for various publications focused on Jewish life, including The Jewish Journal of Greater Los Angeles and the website Aish.com.
Discography
Danny Lobell, Some Kind of Comedian (Stand Up! Records, 2013)
Danny Lobell, The Nicest Boy in Barcelona (Stand Up! Records, 2017)
References
External links
Danny Lobell official website
Fair Enough official website
Modern Day Philosophers official website
Danny Lobell at Stand Up! Records website
American male comedians
American stand-up comedians
People from New York City
People from Queens, New York
People from Long Island
Comedians from New York City
American men podcasters
American podcasters
Living people
21st-century American comedians
Stand Up! Records artists
Jewish American male comedians
Jewish American writers
Jewish male comedians
Comedians from New York (state)
1982 births
21st-century American Jews
John Christmas may refer to:
John Christmas (sea captain) (1757–1822), English-born Danish sea captain
John Christmas (1799–1873), Danish naval officer, son of the above, and governor general of the Danish West Indies in 1871
John Christmas (banker) (born 1969), United States banker and head of the Latvian Parex Bank's International Relations in the early 2000s
John Christmas Beckwith (1759–1809), English organist and composer
John Christmas Møller (1894–1948), Danish politician, leader of The Conservative People's Party between 1928 and 1947
Johnny Christmas (born 1982), American lacrosse player
See also
Finding John Christmas, 2003 American film directed by Andy Wolk
Ian MacLeod (19 November 1959 – 6 May 2013) was a Scottish footballer who played as a defender.
MacLeod started his career with Motherwell F.C. in 1978 and went to make 243 appearances for the Fir Park club. He also played for Falkirk, Raith Rovers and Meadowbank Thistle
MacLeod died on 6 May 2013, aged 53.
References
1959 births
2013 deaths
Scottish footballers
Motherwell F.C. players
Falkirk F.C. players
Raith Rovers F.C. players
Livingston F.C. players
Larkhall Thistle F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
Sportspeople from East Kilbride
Association football fullbacks
Association football midfielders
Footballers from South Lanarkshire
Marcel Alain de Souza (30 October 1953 – 17 July 2019) was a Beninese politician and banker. He served as President of the ECOWAS Commission from April 2016 until February 2018. He was Minister for Development, Economic Analysis and Forecast of Benin from May 2011 until June 2015.
Early life and career
Marcel Alain de Souza was born on 30 October 1953 in Pobè. His family was originally of Portuguese descent and centred around Ouidah. He had 10 siblings. His younger sister, Chantal De Souza, a future first lady, later married Beninese President Thomas Boni Yayi, after having met through him. De Souza was a nephew of Archbishop Isidore de Souza. He obtained a master's degree in economics from the University of Dakar. De Souza later obtained a further master's degree in banking and management from the West African Training Centre for Banking Studies. He received further training at the International Monetary Fund.
From the 1970s de Souza worked for the Central Bank of West African States (BCEAO) in Cotonou as internal controller and later than national director for Benin. He later became Director of Administration at the headquarters of the institute in Dakar. During his time at BCEAO de Souza was colleagues with later President Thomas Boni Yayi.
Political career
In 2009 de Souza became chairperson of the Republican Front of Benin. Administratively he held the position of Head of Department of Economic and Financial Affairs in the Office of the President. He later was Special Adviser to the President on Monetary and Banking Affairs. He was spokesperson for President Thomas Boni Yayi for the 2011 Beninese presidential election. From May 2011 until June 2015 he was Minister for Development, Economic Analysis and Forecast under him. De Souza was elected to the National Assembly during the 2015 Beninese parliamentary election.
On 17 December 2015, during the 48th Ordinary Session of the Authority of ECOWAS Heads of State and Government, the post of President of the ECOWAS Commission was allocated to Benin and de Souza was nominated. De Souza publicly disagreed with President Boni Yayi's decision to have Prime Minister Lionel Zinsou be the candidate for the Cowry Forces for an Emerging Benin during March 2016 Beninese presidential election. De Souza ran as a candidate himself in the election for the Republican Front for a Patriotic Alternative, or Front républicain pour une alternative patriotique (Frap), but received only 0.13% of the vote and was not elected. He subsequently supported candidate Patrice Talon in the run-off. Having won the elections, Talon confirmed Boni Yayi's decision to have de Souza be Benin's nominee as President of the ECOWAS Commission. On 8 April 2016 de Souza took over the position from Kadré Désiré Ouédraogo. De Souza subsequently laid down his seat in the National Assembly and was succeeded by Justin Adjovi.
As President of the ECOWAS Commission he had to deal with the poor financial situation of ECOWAS and immediately temporarily suspended travel of staff members to missions, seminars and workshops outside of the Abuja ECOWAS headquarters. He also limited the staff attendance to statutory ECOWAS meetings. During his time in office he had to deal with the 2016–2017 Gambian constitutional crisis. In October 2017 he showed hesitation about the pace of ECOWAS its goal of having a single currency by 2020. His term in office ended on 28 February 2018. He was succeeded by Jean-Claude Brou.
He died of cardiac arrest on 17 July 2019 in Paris, France, aged 65.
References
1953 births
2019 deaths
Beninese bankers
Cheikh Anta Diop University alumni
Executive Secretaries of the Economic Community of West African States
Government ministers of Benin
Members of the National Assembly (Benin)
Beninese people of Brazilian descent
Beninese people of Portuguese descent
People from Plateau Department
The Marshall Library may refer to:
Marshall Library of Economics in Cambridge, England
The Marshall Library of the George C. Marshall Foundation in Lexington, Kentucky
Drinko Library or Morrow Library on the campus of Marshall University in Huntington, West Virginia
Mark Andrew Tournier (born 3 May 1971) is an Australian cricketer. Tournier is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm fast-medium. He was born in Melbourne, Victoria.
Tournier made his first-class debut for British Universities in 2000 against the touring Zimbabweans. He played 2 further first-class matches for the team against the touring Pakistanis in 2001 and the touring Sri Lankans in 2002. In his 3 first-class matches, he scored 23 runs at a batting average of 11.50, with a high score of 13. With the ball he took 9 wickets at a bowling average of 34.33, with a single five-wicket haul which gave him best figures of 5/88.
Tournier represented the Nottinghamshire Cricket Board in a single List A match against Cumberland in the 1st round of the 2003 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2002. In his only List A match he scored 25 runs and with the ball he took 2 wickets at a bowling average of 16.50, with figures of 2/33.
He has played club cricket for Knypersley Cricket Club in the Derbyshire Premier Cricket League.
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
Cricketers from Melbourne
Australian cricketers
Nottinghamshire Cricket Board cricketers
Australian expatriate sportspeople in England
British Universities cricketers
Derbyshire Cricket Board cricketers
Fieldtrip is an adventure published by R. Talsorian Games in 1987 for the light-hearted science-fiction role-playing game Teenagers from Outer Space.
Plot summary
In Fieldtrip, the students of Valleyview High School go on a field trip accompanied by their Alien Control Officer, where they are confronted by killer schoolbuses, demon bikers, and pirates. The scenario includes a mini-boardgame called "Save the Earth."
Publication history
Fieldtrip was written by Dave Friedland, with art by Scott Ruggles, and was published by R. Talsorian Games in 1987 as a 36-page book.
Reviews
In the April 1988 edition of Dragon (Issue #132), Jim Bambra liked Fieldtrip, saying the wacky plot came "complete with excellent staging tips and enough plot shifts to keep the most avid roller-coaster fan happy. Fieldtrip maintains a rapid breakneck pace throughout." Bamra concluded, "This supplement is perfect for launching an extended teenager from Outer Space game campaign."
References
Role-playing game adventures
Stilboma viridis is a species of beetle in the genus Stilboma.
References
Lebiinae
Knetzgau is a municipality in the district of Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany. It consists of eight villages: Oberschwappach, Unterschwappach, Westheim, Hainert, Eschenau, Neuhaus, Zell am Ebersberg, Wohnau and Zeil.
References
Haßberge (district)
Mindelheim () was a minor state of Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. It was part of the territory of Rechberg until 1467 when it was made a Lordship for the House of Frundsberg. It was raised to a Barony in 1569, was annexed by Maxelrain in 1586, annexed by Leuchtenberg in 1618, and created a Principality for John Churchill, Duke of Marlborough, in 1705 for his service in the War of the Spanish Succession.
1705 Creation
In recognition of Marlborough's efforts as commander-in-chief of the Grand Alliance's armies Emperor Leopold I proposed in 1704 to make Marlborough a sovereign prince of the Holy Roman Empire. He was created thus on 28 August 1704, then made Prince of Mindelheim on 18 November 1705 by Emperor Joseph I, and formally invested with this title on 24 May 1706 at the Imperial Diet. The principality was carved out of Imperial land in Swabia, and measured approximately fifteen square miles. The income from the Principality came to about £2,000 per annum, equivalent to about £475,000 in 2019.
Marlborough visited the principality only once in his life, in 1713, and stayed a mere four days. However he was well received by his subjects. He wrote of his visit 'I liked much better than expected but not so, as to think of living there'.
In 1713, as a conclusion of the war came about, Mindelheim was likely to be annexed by the Electorate of Bavaria. Marlborough succeeded in getting Mindelheim swapped for the county of Nellenburg in Further Austria, which was not elevated to be a principality. Mindelheim was duly annexed under the Treaty of Utrecht.
After the Treaty of Utrecht led to the loss of his Principality of Mindelheim, it was discussed to make John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough prince of Nellenburg. Austrian law did not allow for the elevation into a sovereign principality though, and the plan was dropped in or after 1717. Nellenburg, therefore, never became a principality or a state of the Holy Roman Empire.[1]
Lords of Mindelheim (1467–1559)
Ulrich X (1467–1478)
Georg II (1478–1528)
Casper (1528–1536)
George III (1536–1559)
Baron of Mindelheim (1559–1586)
George III (1559–1586)
Prince of Mindelheim (1705–1714)
John Churchill, Duke of Marlborough (1705–1714)
See also
Mindelheim
References
Former states and territories of Bavaria
Mindelheim
Mindelheim
1467 establishments in Europe
States and territories established in 1467
1705 establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
Alanzu is a small town in Okpho Township, Tharrawaddy District, in the Bago Region of southern-central Burma. It is located to the due east of Okpho.
National Highway 2 passes to the west of the town.
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Tharrawaddy District
Township capitals of Myanmar
Okpho Township
There are at least 314 named cemeteries in Idaho.
Idaho is a state in the Rocky Mountain area of the United States. Idaho is the 14th most expansive, the 39th most populous, and the 7th least densely populated of the 50 United States.
Alpha Cemetery, Valley County, Idaho, , el.
American Ridge Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Ammon Cemetery, Bonneville County, Idaho, , el.
Angel Ridge Cemetery, Nez Perce County, Idaho, , el.
Antelope Cemetery, Butte County, Idaho, , el.
Barton Cemetery, Custer County, Idaho, , el.
Basalt Cemetery, Bingham County, Idaho, , el.
Basin Cemetery, Cassia County, Idaho, , el.
Bates Cemetery, Teton County, Idaho, , el.
Battle Ridge Cemetery, Idaho County, Idaho, , el.
Battleground Cemetery, Custer County, Idaho, , el.
Beaver Dick Cemetery, Madison County, Idaho, , el.
Bellevue Cemetery, Blaine County, Idaho, , el.
Bestland Cemetery, Kootenai County, Idaho, , el.
Bethany Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Bethel Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Beulah Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Blaine Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Boot Hill Cemetery, Boise County, Idaho, , el.
Boot Hill Cemetery, Custer County, Idaho, , el.
Boulder Creek Cemetery, Boundary County, Idaho, , el.
Bovill Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Bower Cemetery, Cassia County, Idaho, , el.
Buchanan Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Buhl Cemetery, Twin Falls County, Idaho, , el.
Burnt Ridge Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Burton Cemetery, Madison County, Idaho, , el.
Cache Clawson Cemetery, Teton County, Idaho, , el.
Canfield Cemetery, Idaho County, Idaho, , el.
Canyon Hill Cemetery, Canyon County, Idaho, , el.
Carey Cemetery, Blaine County, Idaho, , el.
Cedron Cemetery, Teton County, Idaho, , el.
Central Cemetery, Jefferson County, Idaho, , el.
Central Ridge Cemetery, Lewis County, Idaho, , el.
Chester Cemetery, Fremont County, Idaho, , el.
Chesterfield Cemetery, Caribou County, Idaho, , el.
Chief Tendoy Cemetery, Lemhi County, Idaho, , el.
Chilly Cemetery, Custer County, Idaho, , el.
Clara Cemetery, Bonner County, Idaho, , el.
Clearwater Cemetery, Idaho County, Idaho, , el.
Cleveland Cemetery, Franklin County, Idaho, , el.
Cloverdale Memorial Park, Ada County, Idaho, , el.
Coeur d'Alene Indian Cemetery, Kootenai County, Idaho, , el.
Coldsprings Cemetery, Lewis County, Idaho, , el.
Copeland Cemetery, Boundary County, Idaho, , el.
Cordelia Lutheran Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Corral Cemetery, Camas County, Idaho, , el.
Cottonwood Cemetery, Idaho County, Idaho, , el.
Cottonwood Cemetery, Valley County, Idaho, , el.
Cottonwood Cemetery, Adams County, Idaho, , el.
Darlington Cemetery, Custer County, Idaho, , el.
Declo Cemetery, Cassia County, Idaho, , el.
Denver Cemetery, Idaho County, Idaho, , el.
Dingle Cemetery, Bear Lake County, Idaho, , el.
Downey Cemetery, Bannock County, Idaho, , el.
Drake Cemetery, Bonner County, Idaho, , el.
Driggs Cemetery, Teton County, Idaho, , el.
Driggs-Darby Cemetery, Teton County, Idaho, , el.
Dry Creek Cemetery, Ada County, Idaho, , el.
Dry Creek Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Elba Cemetery, Cassia County, Idaho, , el.
Elmwood Cemetery, Gooding County, Idaho, , el.
Elwood Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Emmett Cemetery, Gem County, Idaho, , el.
Evergreen Cemetery, Kootenai County, Idaho, , el.
Evergreen Cemetery, Benewah County, Idaho, , el.
Fairview Cemetery, Franklin County, Idaho, , el.
Fairview Cemetery, Ada County, Idaho, , el.
Fairview Cemetery, Idaho County, Idaho, , el.
Falk Cemetery, Payette County, Idaho, , el.
Falls View Cemetery, Power County, Idaho, , el.
Fargo Cemetery, Canyon County, Idaho, , el.
Farnum Cemetery, Fremont County, Idaho, , el.
Felt Cemetery, Teton County, Idaho, , el.
Finn Cemetery, Valley County, Idaho, , el.
Fix Ridge Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Fletcher Cemetery, Lewis County, Idaho, , el.
Florence Cemetery, Idaho County, Idaho, , el.
Forest Cemetery, Kootenai County, Idaho, , el.
Forest Lawn Cemetery, Lewis County, Idaho, , el.
Fort Boise Military Cemetery, Ada County, Idaho, , el.
Franklin Cemetery, Franklin County, Idaho, , el.
Fraser Cemetery, Clearwater County, Idaho, , el.
Freedom Cemetery, Caribou County, Idaho, , el.
Freeze Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Galena Pioneer Cemetery, Blaine County, Idaho, , el.
Galloway Cemetery, Washington County, Idaho, , el.
Garden Valley Pioneer Cemetery, Boise County, Idaho, , el.
Genesee Valley Lutheran Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Geneva Cemetery, Bear Lake County, Idaho, , el.
Gibson Cemetery, Bingham County, Idaho, , el.
Glasby Cemetery, Nez Perce County, Idaho, , el.
Goddard Cemetery, Clark County, Idaho, , el.
Gold Creek Cemetery, Bonner County, Idaho, , el.
Gold Hill Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Gold Ridge Cemetery, Lewis County, Idaho, , el.
Good Shepherd Cemetery, Bingham County, Idaho, , el.
Grace Cemetery, Caribou County, Idaho, , el.
Grandview Cemetery, Idaho County, Idaho, , el.
Grandview Cemetery, Boundary County, Idaho, , el.
Grant Ward Cemetery, Bannock County, Idaho, , el.
Greenwood Cemetery, Shoshone County, Idaho, , el.
Greenwood Cemetery, Kootenai County, Idaho, , el.
Grove City Cemetery, Bingham County, Idaho, , el.
Groveland Cemetery, Bingham County, Idaho, , el.
Haden Cemetery, Teton County, Idaho, , el.
Heller Grave, Shoshone County, Idaho, , el.
Hill Cemetery, Clearwater County, Idaho, , el.
Hill City Cemetery, Camas County, Idaho, , el.
Hillcrest Cemetery, Bingham County, Idaho, , el.
Hillcrest Cemetery, Butte County, Idaho, , el.
Hillcrest Memorial Gardens, Canyon County, Idaho, , el.
Holbrook Cemetery, Oneida County, Idaho, , el.
Holy Trinity Cemetery, Lewis County, Idaho, , el.
Home of the Peace Cemetery, Ada County, Idaho, , el.
Homes Cemetery, Valley County, Idaho, , el.
Homestead Cemetery, Bingham County, Idaho, , el.
Hope Cemetery, Bonner County, Idaho, , el.
Hot Springs Cemetery, Owyhee County, Idaho, , el.
Houston Cemetery, Custer County, Idaho, , el.
Idaho City Pioneer Cemetery, Boise County, Idaho, , el.
Idaho State Veterans Cemetery, Ada County, Idaho, , el.
Independent Order of Odd Fellows Cemetery, Boundary County, Idaho, , el.
Independent Order of Odd Fellows Cemetery, Twin Falls County, Idaho, , el.
Independent Order of Oddfellows Cemetery, Adams County, Idaho, , el.
Indian Cemetery, Power County, Idaho, , el.
Indian Cemetery, Bannock County, Idaho, , el.
Indian Cemetery, Nez Perce County, Idaho, , el.
Indian Valley Cemetery, Adams County, Idaho, , el.
Inkom Cemetery, Bannock County, Idaho, , el.
Iona Cemetery, Bonneville County, Idaho, , el.
Jackson Cemetery, Cassia County, Idaho, , el.
Jacob Reuben Graves, Owyhee County, Idaho, , el.
John Day Cemetery, Clark County, Idaho, , el.
Joseph Cemetery, Idaho County, Idaho, , el.
Juliaetta Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Junction Cemetery, Lemhi County, Idaho, , el.
Kendrick Cemetery, Nez Perce County, Idaho, , el.
Kendrick Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Kennedy Cemetery, Payette County, Idaho, , el.
Kessler Cemetery, Adams County, Idaho, , el.
Kilgore Cemetery, Clark County, Idaho, , el.
Klines Grave, Valley County, Idaho, , el.
Lago Cemetery, Caribou County, Idaho, , el.
Lakeview Cemetery, Bonner County, Idaho, , el.
Lanark Cemetery, Bear Lake County, Idaho, , el.
Lane Cemetery, Kootenai County, Idaho, , el.
Lanes Grave Cemetery, Caribou County, Idaho, , el.
Lava Hot Springs Cemetery, Bannock County, Idaho, , el.
Leland Cemetery, Nez Perce County, Idaho, , el.
Lenora Cemetery, Nez Perce County, Idaho, , el.
Lewis and Clark Memorial Gardens, Nez Perce County, Idaho, , el.
Lewisville Cemetery, Jefferson County, Idaho, , el.
Liberty Cemetery, Bear Lake County, Idaho, , el.
Lincoln Cemetery, Bonneville County, Idaho, , el.
Little Bear Ridge Cemetery, Latah County, Idaho, , el.
Lost River Cemetery, Butte County, Idaho, , el.
Lower Boise Cemetery, Canyon County, Idaho, , el.
Notes
Cemeteries in Idaho
Idaho (A-L)
According to its Constitution and written laws, Haiti meets most international human rights standards. In practice, many provisions are not respected. The government's human rights record is poor. Political killings, kidnapping, torture, and unlawful incarceration are common unofficial practices, especially during periods of coups or attempted coups.
History
The land that would become Haiti was first colonized by Spain at the end of the 15th century. The Spanish essentially wiped out the native Taíno people through slavery and smallpox, to which the Taíno had no immunity. An early defender of more humane treatment of the Taíno was the Spanish priest Bartolomé de Las Casas. Albeit too late to save the Taíno, Las Casas was able to persuade the Spanish government that the Taíno could not withstand such cruel treatment. This had the tragic side effect of the importation of African slaves to replace the labor of the diminishing Taíno.
Initially, Las Casas believed Africans to be suitable for slavery, but he later came to oppose their enslavement too. "I soon repented and judged myself guilty of ignorance. I came to realize that black slavery was as unjust as Indian slavery...and I was not sure that my ignorance and good faith would secure me in the eyes of God," Las Casas wrote in The History of the Indies in 1527.
In 1697, Spain formally ceded to France control of the part of the island of Hispaniola that would become Haiti, naming it Saint-Domingue. Slavery in Saint-Domingue, France's most lucrative colony, was known to be especially brutal, with a complete turnover of the slave population due to death every 20 years. According to the historian Laurent Dubois, between 5 and 10 percent of slaves died every year due to overwork and disease, a rate that outpaced births. The dead were replaced by new slaves from Africa.
In 1791, what would become known as the Haitian Revolution began. Predominantly a slave revolt, Haitians finally won their freedom and independence from France in 1804.
In 1825, France's King Charles X threatened to invade Haiti unless it paid an "independence debt" of 150 million francs to reimburse France for the loss of its slaves and land. The debt was later reduced to 90 million francs but it was not until 1947 that Haiti had paid off what many have regarded as an immoral and illegal debt. To pay this, Haiti had to borrow money from and pay interest to French banks.
"We're talking about 200 hundred years of this cycle of debt that Haiti has gone through, which of course has devastating consequences on the capacity of the state within the country," Haiti historian Laurent Dubois has said.
The country's poverty made it vulnerable throughout its history to political instability and human rights abuses both by Haitian state officials and foreign interventions.
In 1915, following a coup that led to the mob killing of Haitian President Vibrun Guillaume Sam, United States sailors and marines landed in order to protect U.S. interests in the country. The occupation would last until 1934. "Following restoration of order, a treaty providing for United States control over Haitian finances, customs, police, public works, sanitation, and medical services were concluded with the client Haitian government," according to the Navy Department Library.
During the occupation roads and other public works projects were built by the corvée labour—forced, unpaid work—of Haitian peasants.
In 1916, the U.S. military started a Haitian army that would later become the Garde d'Haiti. Beginning with the Caco Wars, during the US occupation, and continuing until the 1990s, the Haitian army was implicated in a number of human rights abuses against the Haitian people. For example, following a 1991 coup by the military that overthrew democratically elected President Jean-Bertrand Aristide, the Haitian army was accused of killing an estimated 3,000 people in three years. Upon his return to the presidency, Aristide disbanded the army.
Survivors of the 2018 Lasalin massacre allege that the PHTK, ruling political Party headed by Jovenel Moïse, were responsible for the orchestrated attack and mass murder of civilians. Schools and other community buildings were also targeted. U.S.A. Government involvement in Haiti is on-going.
Duvalier period
In 1957, François Duvalier, also known as "Papa Doc", became president of Haiti, ushering in a period of human rights abuses from which the country is still recovering. An estimated 30,000–60,000 people were killed in the 30 years Haiti was under the rule of Duvalier and his son—and successor—Jean-Claude Duvalier, also known as "Baby Doc".
In 1959, François Duvalier formed a paramilitary force known as the Tonton Macoute, named after a mythic Haitian character who kidnapped misbehaving children, carried them off in a bag and ate them for breakfast. Duvalier authorized more than 10,000 Tonton Macoute, organized in 500 sections across the country, to maintain complete control over the population. "The macoutes were Papa Doc's version of brownshirts and the Waffen SS, except that their usual uniform was blue jeans, T-shirts, sunglasses, and they carried clubs or pistols," wrote journalist and author Herbert Gold in Best Nightmare on Earth: A Life in Haiti. "They were loyal only to Papa Doc. In return, they could rob, steal, extort, torture and murder at will."
The Tonton Macoute continued to openly terrorise the population until they were officially disbanded after Jean-Claude Duvalier was forced from the presidency and went into exile in 1986.
Law and order
The government in Haiti is known for running a slow, inefficient and corrupt system of justice. Allegations of torture and kidnapping are common whereas the number of Haitian citizens imprisoned without trial is huge.
Lawyers' immunity is under constant threat. Under the Duvalier regime, lawyers were intimidated from defending their clients through pressure and violence. Courts of justice were in effect "run by the judges, appointed by the "President for Life" (the Duvaliers), who lacked the independence to make judgments about abuses against human rights." To this day, there is still no guarantee for lawyers' immunity in Haiti, as would seem to be suggested by the 2009 unconstitutional arrest without warrant of human-rights defender, Osner Fevry and the arrest in 2013 of Andre Michel, a lawyer critical of the government.
Prolonged pretrial detention
Although the Constitution mandates an independent judiciary and the right to a fair trial, prolonged pretrial detention remains a serious problem. Because the court system and its records are poorly organized, it is impossible to determine the exact percentage of prisoners being held without trial. A study by the International Centre for Prison Studies, in partnership with the University of Essex, estimated that in 2013 nearly 71 percent of 9,921 prisoners in Haiti had not had a trial yet. According to the Centre, the majority of countries in the world have percentages ranging between 10 and 40 percent of such prisoners and Haiti's estimated 71 percent is one of the highest in the world.
Freedom of expression
The Constitution guarantees freedom of speech and the press, and the government generally has respected these rights. Many journalists, however, practice a measure of self-censorship in order to protect themselves from retribution. During the second Aristide administration (2000–4), some reports contend that members of the press were killed for supporting opposition movements.
The government does not censor radio, television, or the Internet. Security forces frequently have ignored the constitutionally mandated right to assembly and organization. The Haitian government generally has respected religious freedom in the country.
Gender, disability, race and language
Haiti's Constitution does not contain specific language prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, sex, language, age, or disability. Although some working standards exist to protect women, few resources exist to ensure enforcement. Abuses against women and children are common. Rape, although illegal, rarely results in prosecution of the perpetrator. Haitian law (article 269) excuses a husband for murdering his wife if the wife is found in an adulterous affair. Wives do not enjoy the same right.
The Haitian government contains a Ministry of Women's Affairs, but it also lacks the resources to address issues such as violence against women and harassment in the workplace.
Children
In addition to suffering from chronic malnourishment and a lack of educational opportunity, many Haitian children also suffer physical abuse. In 2004 the Ministry of Labor and Social Affairs reported that its hotline received more than 700 calls from children reporting abuse. Few statistics regarding the wider problem of child abuse have been collected. Trafficking of children also is a significant problem. UNICEF estimates that 2,000 to 3,000 Haitian children per year are trafficked to the Dominican Republic.
Assassination of President Jovenel Moïse
On 6 July 2021, President Jovenel Moïse of Haiti was killed, while his wife was injured in an abysmal attack at their residence. Reportedly, Haiti has been facing human rights and political crisis for many years. Amnesty International has now called on for immediate investigation. A UN report published in January 2021, found a pricking amplification in rights violations and abuses of the right to life during the 2018 and 2019 protests. The UN called on authorities to address “impunity, corruption, structural inequality and adequate standard of living in order to restore public confidence and prevent future unrests.”
See also
Internet censorship and surveillance in Haiti
LGBT rights in Haiti
List of massacres in Haiti
References
External links
Hope for Haiti: Education and grassroots development in rural Haiti
Censorship in Haiti – IFEX
Annual Report 2006: Haiti Inter-American Commission on Human Rights
Bureau des Avocats Internationaux / Institute for Justice and Democracy in Haiti (IJDH)
Law of Haiti
Society of Haiti
Government of Haiti
The discography of L.A. Guns, an American hard rock band, consists of seventeen studio releases (fourteen original studio albums, two cover albums and one re-recording album), nine live albums, 13 compilation albums, four extended plays, 27 singles, six video albums and 25 music videos. After some early lineup changes, the group – consisting of vocalist Phil Lewis, lead guitarist Tracii Guns, rhythm guitarist Mick Cripps, bassist Kelly Nickels and drummer Nickey Alexander – signed with PolyGram and released its self-titled debut album in 1988. It reached number 50 on the US Billboard 200 and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Alexander was replaced by Steve Riley, and the 1989 follow-up Cocked & Loaded reached number 38 on the Billboard 200. The single "The Ballad of Jayne" gave L.A. Guns its debut on the Hot 100, reaching number 33.
Hollywood Vampires, released in 1991, reached number 42 on the Billboard 200. Three of the album's four singles charted on the Mainstream Rock chart, and "It's Not Over Now" charted at number 62 on the Hot 100. After the band's fourth album Vicious Circle failed to chart in the US, L.A. Guns was dropped by PolyGram and went through a number of lineup changes, with Lewis, Cripps and Nickels leaving in 1995. The band continued to issue new albums throughout the 1990s, with limited commercial success. The group also went through a long line of personnel changes: 1996's American Hardcore featured new vocalist Chris Van Dahl and bassist Johnny Crypt, the 1998 EP Wasted featured Crypt and vocalist Ralph Saenz, and 1999's Shrinking Violet featured Crypt and vocalist Jizzy Pearl.
The classic lineup of Lewis, Guns, Cripps, Nickels and Riley reunited in 1999 to record Cocked & Re-Loaded, a new version of the group's second album. 2001's Man in the Moon featured Mark "Muddy Stardust" Dutton on bass, and 2002's Waking the Dead was recorded by a four-piece lineup of Lewis, Guns, Riley and Adam Hamilton, after which founding member Guns left the band. After three albums without the guitarist, Lewis and Guns reunited for the first time since 2002 in 2016. In 2017 the band released The Missing Peace, which reached number 16 on the Billboard Hard Rock Albums chart and number 12 on the Independent Albums chart. The Devil You Know was released as the album's follow-up in March 2019. Renegades was released on November 13, 2020.
Albums
Studio albums
Cover albums
Re-recording albums
Live albums
Compilations
Extended plays
Singles
Videos
Video albums
Music videos
Other appearances
References
External links
L.A. Guns official website
L.A. Guns
L.A. Guns
L.A. Guns
Tine Eerlingen (born 24 May 1976, in Ghent) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the New Flemish Alliance (N-VA). She was elected as a member of the Flemish Parliament in 2009.
Notes
Living people
Belgian women in politics
Members of the Flemish Parliament
New Flemish Alliance politicians
1976 births
Politicians from Ghent
21st-century Belgian politicians
21st-century Belgian women politicians
Kawęczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziszów, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Godziszów, north-east of Janów Lubelski, and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Josefina Molina Reig MML (born in Córdoba, 14 November 1936) is a Spanish feature film director, screenwriter, TV producer and scene director. She was one of the first female directors in Spain and is also known for directing such notable feature films as Función de noche (1981) and Esquilache (1988), as well as the television series Teresa of Jesus (1984). Esquilache was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival. Teresa de Jesús won several awards, including the Antena de Oro (1984), and the TP de Oro (1985, Best National Series).
Biography
Josefina Molina was born in 1936 in Cordoba, Spain, in to a middle-class family. Her father was a Cordovan shopkeeper who traded in shoes and drugstore products. Her mother was a Catalan woman in charge of the housework and child care. The family business was very successful and despite the economic postwar difficulties she did not suffer any kind of deprivation.
Thanks to her parents stable financial situation, little Josefina was able to attend prestigious schools in Cordoba such as Hermanos de la Salle, where she was taught how to write and basic mathematics or Escolapias de Santa Victoria, where she finished high school.
She finished high school in 1969 and had the possibility to access Baccalaureate because her family belonged to the merchant class. In this way, Josefina decided to make the most of the academic education (mainly because her mother's determination) which her parents were able to offer her.
Her first contact with the world of cinema took place in the exhibition hall of her hometown, where her parents used to take her on Sunday afternoon. In addition, she also had a great love of reading and due to that, at the early age of thirteen, she discovered such important literary work as Episodios Nacionales (National Episodes) by Galdós (1843–1920). This collection of novels decisively influenced Josefina's vocation as a narrator, as well as her pronounced tendency towards realism. However, it was not until she was fifteen years old when Josefina saw the movie El río (The River) by Jean Renoir (1951), that her keen interest in telling stories through films awoke.
In her youth, she enthusiastically joined several groups of Cordovan intellectuals, all encouraged by artistic curiosity. She regularly attended projections and discussions organized by the Cineclub Senda (Senda Film Club) and Cineclub del Círculo de la Amistad (Circle of Friendship Film Club). She also attended the Círculo Juan XXIII (Juan XXIII Circle), the gathering place for the most progressive Cordovan youth in Francoist Spain. There she established the basis of the theatre group Teatro Ensayo Medea. Driven by a feminist spirit, it was leading this group that she worked for the first time as a theatre director, bringing on stage Casa de Muñecas (Dollhouse), from the Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen (1828–1906). The first night of this play, which took place at the Salón Liceo del Círculo de la Amistad (Friendship Circle Lyceum Hall), was a resounding failure. The message expressed by Ibsen was way too forward-looking and direct to be easily understood.
Far from being discouraged by this first setback, Josefina Molina decided to go ahead with her career as a theatre director. She managed to release four stagings (or performances if you prefer) and, at the same time, she reached out to different important local showbiz and media figures. That was how, from 1962, she began to collaborate regularly with the Vida de espectáculos (Life of shows) radio program. It was broadcast with great success on Radio Vida in a section entitled La mujer y el cine (Women and Cinema).
Professional career
Molina studied political science and in 1962 she founded the theatre group Teatro de Ensayo Medea in her hometown and led several productions. In 1969 she became the first woman to obtain the degree in directing / producing in the Official Cinema School. In those days, she shot many dramas for the Spanish Television (Estudio 1 [Study 1], Hora once [Eleventh hour], Teatro de siempre [The same theater as always] etc.).
She was put in charge of an adaptation of The Metamorphosis by Kafka, of which she said: "it was a drudgery that no one wanted to do, but I put my heart into it and the people ended up saying: 'the poor girl has worked so hard that we have to something with it.' You cannot imagine how unbearable this kind of paternalism is."
She adapted and directed several productions such as Motín de Brujas (Riot of Witches) by Josep Maria Benet, No puede ser el guardar una mujer (There is no Guarding a Woman) by Agustín Moreto, Cartas de Amor (Love letters) by A. R. Gurney and La Lozana Andaluza (The healthy Andalusian girl), an adaptation by Rafael Alberti of the play by Francisco Delicado.
Her most renowned television series are: El Camino (The Road) (1978) which tells the story of Daniel, an 11-year-old boy called el Mochuelo (small owl), who has been enrolled at school in the city and therefore has to leave the village where he has grown up. However, the night before his departure, Daniel remembers his childhood and the tales of the inhabitants of the valley where he was brought up; Teresa de Jesús (Teresa of Jesus) (1984) relates the life of St. Teresa of Jesus, played by Concha Velasco, and Entre Naranjos (Among orange trees) an adaptation of the homonymous novel written by Blasco Ibañez (1998).
She also directs theatre, achieving great success with Cinco Horas con Mario (Five hours with Mario), a monologue which has been represented for decades. It has been performed at different times by Lola Herrera and Natalia Millan based on the homonymous novel from Miguel Delibes. In 1990 she directed Los últimos Días de Emmanuel Kant (The Last Days of Immanuel Kant), by Alfonso Sastre.
Her first feature film, Vera, un cuento cruel (Vera, a cruel tale), which belongs to the fantasy genre, dates from 1973. In 1981 she reached a good standard as a filmmaker with Función de noche (Evening performance). This film tells the life of a separate marriage in which Lola Herrera and Daniel Dicenta interpret their own lives.
In 1989 the historical drama Esquilache was released. It is based on Un soñador para un pueblo (A dreamer for the people) by Antonio Buero Vallejo. It had a great cast which included Fernando Fernán Gómez, Adolfo Marsillach, Concha Velasco and other renowned actors. Lo más natural (The most natural) (1990), starring Charo López and Miguel Bosé, and La Lola se va a los puertos (Lola goes to the ports) (1993), with the singer Rocío Jurado, were her last film works.
In 2006 she founded CIMA, a female association of filmmakers and media, along with other filmmakers like Inés París, Chus Gutiérrez, Icíar Bollaín and Isabel Coixet. Josefina is Honorary President of the association. In 2011 the Spanish Academy of Film Arts and Sciences granted her the Honorary Goya Award, whose gala she was unable to attend. In 2012 was named Honorary Citizen in Andalucia.
Besides being a director she is also a gifted writer. When she decided not to do any more movies, Josefina Molina began to write because, as she said, 'if I did not, I would be very bored.' Her first novel was Cuestión de azar (A Matter of Chance). She described it as: "the story of my generation in Andalucia, how girls are educated and how I was brought up". That novel was followed by En el umbral de la hoguera (On the threshold of the stake) about Teresa of Jesus. "They asked me for a book based on the television series, but as I left one episode out of the final version, I preferred to write about it: her trip to Andalucia – while the Inquisition was investigating her and the Order told her to be quiet. At the same time, the Barefoot Carmelitas and the rest of the Order were at war.– "... I am only an apprentice in writing, but it is exciting because you can do whatever you want, without having a producer who tells you what to do nor a team that depends on your instructions. You only have to make agreements with yourself when you write, you can cheat on yourself but in the end you are the only one responsible. This is what fascinated me." After writing a requested book, Los papeles de Bécquer (Becquer's papers) and an autobiography, Sentada en un rincón (Sitting in a Corner), she has now been writing for six years, "which I am never going to finish."
She also wrote the foreword of Ana Mariscal, una Cineasta Pionera (Ana Mariscal, a pioneer filmmaker), written by Victoria Fonseca.
In addition to her work in cinema and theater, she has developed a wide career as television director and filmmaker, mainly for Spanish Television.
Josefina and feminism
Her feminism is well known and, in fact, she wrote the book Cine de mujeres en la Transición (Female Cinema during theTransition), La trilogía feminista (The feminist trilogy) with Cecilia Bartolomé and Pilar Miró.
Cinema and television
Filmography as director
Entre naranjos (Among orange trees) (TV mini-series) (3 episodes) (1998)
Función de noche (Evening Performance) (TV series) (1 episode) (1995)
Las trampas del azar. Dos tiempos de una crónica (Random traps. Two times of one chronic) (1995)
La lola se va a los puertos (Lola goes to the ports) (1993) - Lo más natural (The most natural) (1991)
Esquilache (1989) - La voz humana (The Human Voice) (TV series) (1 episode) (1986) - La mujer sola (Lonely woman) (1986
Paisaje con figuras (Landscape with Figures) (TV series) (1 episode) (1984)
Lope de Vega(1984)
Teresa de Jesús (Teresa of Jesus) (TV series) (8 episodes) (1984)
Hija de la iglesia (Daughter of the Church) (1984) - Vida (Life) (1984)
Visita de descalzas (Visit of Barefoots) (1984)
Fundaciones (Foundations)
El castillo interior (The Interior Castle) (1984) (TV series) (8 chapters)
Función de noche (Evening Performance) (1981)
Cuentos eróticos (Erotic Tales) (part of "The Tilita") (1980)
Escrito en América (Written in America) (TV series) (1979)
Novela (Novel) (TV series) (6 episodes) (1974-1978)
Los libros (The Books) (TV series) (1 episode) (1976)
Doña Luz (Mrs Luz) (1976)
Estudio 1 (Study 1) (TV series) (2 episodes) (1975-1976) * Anna Christie (1976) * Hedda Gabler (1975)
Escritores de hoy (Contemporary writers) (TV series) (1 episode) (1975) La asegurada (The insured woman)
Cuentos y leyendas (Tales and Legends) (TV series) (1 episode) (1974) La promesa (The Promise)
Un globo, dos globos, tres globos (A balloon, two balloons, three balloons) (TV series) (1 episode) (21 October 1974)
Vera, un cuento cruel (Vera, a cruel tale) (1974) - Los pintores del Prado (The Prado painters) (TV series) (1 episode) Durero: la búsqueda de la identidad (Dürer: The Pursuit of Identity) (1974)
La rama seca (The dry branch) (short film) (1972)
Hora once (Eleventh hour) (TV series) (4 episodes) (1971-1972) El cochero (The coachman), La prudente venganza (The Careful Revenge), Eleonora and La Marquesa de O (The Marquise of O)
Teatro de siempre(The same theater as always) (TV series) (1 episode) (1971)
Casa de muñecas II (Dollhouse II) (1971)
Melodrama infernal (Dreadfull melodrama) (short film) (1969)
Pequeño estudio (Small study) (TV series) (1968)
Aquel humo gris (That gray smoke) (short film) (1967)
La otra soledad (The other loneliness) (short film) (1966)
Filmography as screenwriter
Entre naranjos (Among orange trees) (TV mini-series) (3 episodes) (1998)
La Lola se va a los puertos (Lola goes to the ports) (1993)
Esquilache (1989)
La voz humana (The human voice) (TV series) (adaptation - 1 episode)
La mujer sola (Lonely Woman) (1986) (adaptation)
Teresa de Jesús (Teresa of Jesus) (TV series) (8 episodes) (1984)
Hija de la iglesia (Daughter of the Church) (1984) - "Vida" (Life) (1984)
Visita de descalzas (Visit of Barefoots) (1984)
Fundaciones (Foundations)
El castillo interior (The Interior Castle) (1984)
Función de noche (Evening Performance) (1981)
Novela (Novel) (TV series) (adaptation - 5 episodes) (1978)
Los libros (The Books) (TV series) (adaptation - 1 episode) (1976)
Doña Luz (Mrs Luz) (1976) (adaptation)
Estudio 1 (Study 1) (TV series) (adaptation - 2 episodes) (1975-1976) ''"Anna Christie"'' (1976) and ''"Hedda Gabler"'' (1975)
Vera, un cuento cruel (Vera, a cruel tale) (1974)
Los pintores del Prado (The Prado Painters) (TV series) (1 episode) (1974) "Durero: la búsqueda de la identidad" (Dürer: The Pursuit of Identity)
Melodrama infernal (Dreadfull Melodrama) (short film) (1969)
Aquel humo gris (That gray smoke) (short film) (1967)
La otra soledad (The other loneliness) (short film) (1966)
Filmography as second director
Teatro de siempre (The same theater as always) (TV series) (assistant director - 1 episode) "Ricardo III" (1967)
Luciano (short film) (assistant director) (1965)
Filmography as actress
Cuentos eróticos (Erotic Tales) (1980) as 'a woman who winks'
Awards and nominations
Honours
Gold Medal of Merit in Labour (Kingdom of Spain, 14 November 2011).
References
External links
http://www.josefinamolina.es Web page
1936 births
Living people
Film directors from Andalusia
Spanish women film directors
People from Córdoba, Spain
Honorary Goya Award winners
Spanish women screenwriters
A Namenserklärung (literally "name declaration") is an administrative process under German law that must be fulfilled by German citizens in certain circumstances upon birth and marriage, and may optionally be performed upon divorce and widowhood. In some cases, a person will have no name under German law, and will not be able to obtain a German passport or identity card, until a name declaration has been performed.
When a name declaration is required
Birth
A name declaration is required for children in the circumstances below. Even if the child is indisputably a German citizen, the following cannot be issued with a German passport or identity card until a name declaration has been lodged:
A child whose parents are married but do not share a married name.
A child whose parents were unmarried at the time of the child's birth, if the parents wish for the child to have a surname other than the mother's surname (children born out of wedlock in Germany are by default given their mother's surname – if the parents opt to keep this, a name declaration is not required).
A child with a surname combining both parents' surnames. Such a surname is not permitted under German law unless a parent has another citizenship, in which case the child may be given a double-barrelled surname if this is permitted by the parent's other country of citizenship.
A name registration may also be required for an adult whose parents were married at the time of their birth but did not share a married name. This issue can arise if the child was born abroad and has another citizenship alongside German, and has always used their foreign identity documents and has thus never needed German ones. Such a person wishing to obtain a German passport or identity card will be unable to do so until they perform a name declaration.
Marriage
Spouses who get married in Germany can declare their desired surname to the registrar during the administrative formalities at the wedding. This is deemed equivalent to a name declaration and appears on the marriage certificate, and no further action is required. Thus, spouses who choose to change their name through marriage can acquire new German identity documents without needing to make a name declaration.
German citizens who get married abroad and choose (or are required by foreign law) to change their name, must perform a name declaration. German law does not automatically recognise the married name of a citizen married abroad: until a name declaration is made, their surname under German law remains the surname they held prior to the marriage, regardless of whether other jurisdictions recognise the married name immediately.
Furthermore, German citizens who get married abroad are limited in their choice of married name: if they change their surname, they may only take either spouse's birth surname or surname held at the time of the marriage. An exception is made for German spouses who also hold another nationality: they may take any other surname format permitted under the law of their other country of citizenship.
Divorce; death of spouse
Under German law, a person's surname does not change automatically upon divorce or if their spouse dies. Divorcees and widow(er)s may choose to revert to their maiden name or any other surname that they have held in their life. Those wishing to do so must file a name declaration.
References
German nationality law
Otto Maier may refer to:
Otto Maier (rowing)
Otto Maier (footballer)
Mohammad Ami-Tehrani (, 20 September 1935 – 15 March 2020) was an Iranian middleweight weightlifter. He won bronze medals at the 1962 World Championships and 1966 Asian Games and placed sixth at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
1935 births
2020 deaths
Iranian male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Iran
Weightlifters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1966 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for Iran
Weightlifters at the 1966 Asian Games
Asian Games medalists in weightlifting
World Weightlifting Championships medalists
People from Behshahr
Sportspeople from Mazandaran province
The 1982 Senior PGA Tour was the third season since the Senior PGA Tour officially began in 1980 (it was renamed the Champions Tour in 2003 and PGA Tour Champions in 2016). The season consisted of 11 official money events with purses totalling $1,597,500, including two majors. Miller Barber won the most tournaments, three. The tournament results, leaders, and award winners are listed below.
Tournament results
The following table shows all the official money events for the 1982 season. "Date" is the ending date of the tournament. The numbers in parentheses after the winners' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event. Senior majors are shown in bold.
Source:
Leaders
Money List leaders
Source:
Awards
See also
Champions Tour awards
Champions Tour records
References
External links
Champions Tour official site
PGA Tour Champions seasons
Senior PGA Tour
Jim Primavera (born ) is a Canadian wheelchair curler.
Teams
References
External links
Living people
1962 births
Canadian male curlers
Canadian wheelchair curlers
Canadian wheelchair curling champions
USS J. William Middendorf (DDG-138) is a planned guided missile destroyer of the United States Navy, the 88th overall for the class. She will honor J. William Middendorf, a former Secretary of the Navy and US Ambassador to the Netherlands. The name was announced 10 June 2022.
References
Arleigh Burke-class destroyers
Proposed ships of the United States Navy
Friedrich Christoph Dahlmann (13 May 1785, Wismar5 December 1860, Bonn) was a German historian and politician.
Biography
He came of an old Hanseatic family of Wismar, then controlled by Sweden. His father, who was burgomaster of the town, intended him to study theology, but Friedrich preferred classical philology, which he studied from 1802 to 1806 at the University of Copenhagen, University of Halle, and then again at Copenhagen. After finishing his studies, he translated some of the Greek tragic poets, and The Clouds of Aristophanes. But he was also interested in modern literature and philosophy; and the troubles of the times, of which he had personal experience, aroused in him a strong feeling of German patriotism, though throughout his life he was always proud of his connection with Scandinavia, and Gustavus Adolphus was his particular hero.
In 1809, on the outbreak of war in Austria, Dahlmann, together with the poet Heinrich von Kleist, whom he had met in Dresden, went to Bohemia, and was afterwards with the Imperial army, up till the Battle of Aspern, with the somewhat vague object of trying to convert the Austrian war into a German one. This hope was shattered by the defeat of Wagram.
He now decided to try his fortunes in Denmark, where he had influential relations. After taking his doctor's degree at Wittenberg (1810) he qualified at Copenhagen in 1811, with an essay on the origins of the ancient theatre, as a lecturer on ancient literature and history, on which he delivered lectures in Latin. His influential friends soon brought him further advancement. As early as 1812 he was summoned to Kiel, as successor to the historian Dietrich Hermann Hegewisch (1746–1812). This appointment proved in two respects a decisive moment in his career; on the one hand it made him give his whole attention to a subject for which he was admirably suited, but to which he had so far given only a secondary interest; and on the other hand, it threw him into politics.
In 1815 he obtained, in addition to his professorate, the position of secretary to the perpetual deputation of the estates of Schleswig-Holstein. In this capacity he began, by means of memoirs or of articles in the Kieler Bldlter, which he founded himself, to appear as an able and zealous champion of the half-forgotten rights of the Elbe duchies, as against Denmark, and of their close connexion with Germany. It was he upon whom the Danes afterwards threw the blame of having invented the Schleswig-Holstein question; certainly his activities form an important link in the chain of events which eventually led to the solution of 1864. So far as this interest affected himself, the chief profit lay in the fact that it deepened his conception of the state, and directed it to more practical ends. Whereas at that time mere speculation dominated both. the French Liberalism of the school of Rotteck, and Karl Ludwig von Haller's Romanticist doctrine of the Christian state, Dahlmann took as his premises the circumstances as he found them, and evolved the new out of the old by a quiet process of development. Moreover, in the inevitable conflict with the Danish crown his upright point of view and his German patriotism were further confirmed.
After transferring to Göttingen around 1829 he had the opportunity of working in the same spirit. As confidant of the duke of Cambridge, he was allowed to take a share in framing the Hanoverian constitution of 1833, which remodelled the old aristocratic government in a direction which had become inevitable since the July revolution in Paris; and when in 1837 the new king Ernst August declared the constitution invalid, Dahlmann inspired the famous protest of the seven professors of Göttingen. Though deprived of his position and banished, he had the satisfaction of knowing that German national feeling received a boost from his courageous action, while public subscriptions saved him from poverty.
After several years in Leipzig and Jena, King Frederick William IV of Prussia appointed him in October 1842 to a professorship at the University of Bonn. The years that followed were those of his greatest fame. His Politik (1835) had already made him a name as a writer; he now published his Dänische Geschichte (1840–1843), a historical work of the first rank; and this was soon followed by histories of the English and French revolutions, which, though of less scientific value, exercised a decisive influence upon public opinion by their open advocacy of the system of constitutional monarchy. As a teacher too he was much beloved. Though no orator, and in spite of a personality not particularly amiable or winning, he produced a profound impression upon young men by the pregnancy of his expression, a consistent logical method of thought based on Immanuel Kant and by the manliness of his character.
When the revolution of 1848 broke out, the "father of German nationality," as the provisional government at Milan called him, found himself the centre of universal interest. Both Mecklenburg and Prussia offered him in vain the post of envoy to the diet of the confederation. Naturally, too, he was elected to the national assembly at Frankfurt, and took a leading part in the constitutional committees appointed first by the diet, then by the parliament. His objective was to make Germany as far as possible a united constitutional monarchy, with the exclusion of the whole of Austria, or at least, of its non-German parts. Prussia was to provide the emperor, but at the same time—and in this lay the doctrinaire weakness of the system—was to give up its separate existence, consecrated by history, in the same way as the other states. When, therefore, Frederick William IV, without showing any anxiety to bind himself by the conditions laid down at Frankfurt, concluded with Denmark the seven months truce of Malmö (26 August 1848), Dahlmann proposed that the national parliament should refuse to recognize the truce, with the express intention of clearing up once for all the relations of the parliament with the court of Berlin. The motion was passed by a small majority (September 5); but the members of Dahlmann's party were just those who voted against it, and it was they who on September 18 reversed the previous vote and passed a resolution accepting the truce, after Dahlmann had failed to form a ministry on the basis of the resolution of the 5th, owing to his objection to the Radicals.
Dahlmann afterwards described this as the decisive turning-point in the fate of the parliament. He did not immediately give up hope. Though he took little active part in parliamentary debates, he was very active on commissions and in party conferences, and it was largely owing to him that a German constitution was at last evolved, and that Frederick William IV was elected hereditary emperor (28 March 1849). He was accordingly one of the deputation which offered the crown to the king in Berlin. The king's refusal came as less of a surprise to him than to most of his colleagues. He counted on being able to compel recognition of the constitution by the moral pressure of the consent of the people. It was only when the attitude of the Radicals made it clear to him that this course would lead to a revolution, that he decided, after a long struggle, to retire from the national parliament (21 May).
He remained one of the chief promoters of the well-known conference of the imperial party at Gotha, the proceedings of which were not, however, satisfactory to him; and he took part in the sessions of the first Prussian chamber (1849–1850) and of the parliament of Erfurt (1850). But finally, convinced that for the moment all efforts towards the unity of Germany were unavailing, he retired from political life, though often pressed to stand for election, and again took up his work of teaching at Bonn. His last years were, however, saddened by illness, bereavement and continual friction with his colleagues. His death followed an apoplectic fit.
Publications
Dahkmann's chief works included:
7th edition of Dahlmann-Waitz, Quellenkunde, Leipzig, 1906
Politik, auf den Grund und das Mass der gegebenen Zustände zurückgeführt (1 vol., 1835)
Geschichte Dänemarks (3 vols., 1840–1843)
Geschichte der englischen Revolution (1844)
Geschichte der französischen Revolution (1845).
Notes
References
1785 births
1860 deaths
19th-century German historians
Members of the Frankfurt Parliament
People from Wismar
University of Halle alumni
University of Wittenberg alumni
University of Kiel faculty
University of Bonn faculty
University of Göttingen faculty
German male non-fiction writers
English Revolution
Members of the Göttingen Academy of Sciences and Humanities
James Vorenberg (October 1, 1928 – April 12, 2000) was the Roscoe Pound Professor of Law and Dean of Harvard Law School, former Watergate Associate Special Prosecutor, and first chair of the Massachusetts State Ethics Commission.
Biography
Born in Boston, Massachusetts, Vorenberg attended Harvard College, from which he graduated magna cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1948, and Harvard Law School, from which he earned the Juris Doctor degree in 1951. In his first year at Harvard Law, he achieved the highest grades in his class and was awarded the Sears Prize. He served as the president of the Harvard Law Review while attending the school. In 1953, he clerked for Justice Felix Frankfurter at the U.S. Supreme Court.
Vorenberg became a professor at Harvard Law School in 1962. In 1973, he served as principal assistant to Archibald Cox in the Watergate Special Prosecutor's Office. He served as chairman of the Massachusetts State Ethics Commission from 1978 to 1983. In 1981, he was elected to the Common Cause National Governing Board. He was named associate dean at Harvard Law in 1977, and was named dean and Roscoe Pound Professor of Law in 1981. He retired at the end of June 1989. "I've tried to encourage students to follow diverse, varied patterns out of law school," Vorenberg told The New York Times in 1989.
Vorenberg and Jack Greenberg, Dean of Columbia College, wrote Dean Cuisine, a cookbook that The New York Times reviewed in 1991, saying: "a modest tome that should be required reading for all those tiresome people who say they never cook anymore.
Vorenberg suffered from Parkinson's disease during his final 14 years. He died of cardiac arrest in Boston on April 12, 2000.
See also
List of law clerks of the Supreme Court of the United States (Seat 2)
References
External links
1928 births
2000 deaths
20th-century American lawyers
Deans of Harvard Law School
Harvard Law School alumni
Harvard Law School faculty
Lawyers from Boston
Law clerks of the Supreme Court of the United States
Deans of law schools in the United States
People with Parkinson's disease
Harvard College alumni
Mainly for Women is an Australian television series which aired 1961 to 1964 on ABC. Hosted by Corinne Kerby, it was a daytime series aimed at women of the period. It was produced in Melbourne and shown interstate, and included segments on subjects such as cooking, fashion and interviews.
Examples of format
In one episode, there was a discussion chaired by Jean Battersby, tips on the game of bowls, the making of bread and buns, and a music interlude. In another episode, the segments included an interview with Joanne Lyne, "Beauty Box", and letters. Another episode featured "Beauty Box", a segment on "malayan cooking", and keep fit exercises.
See also
Your Home
The Home Show
Women's World
Wonderful World
References
External links
Mainly for Women on IMDb
1961 Australian television series debuts
1964 Australian television series endings
Australian non-fiction television series
English-language television shows
Black-and-white Australian television shows
Australian Broadcasting Corporation original programming
Ile District is a district of Zambezia Province in Mozambique. Ile is bordered by Gurué and Alta Molócue to the north, Mulevala to the east, Mocuba to the south, and Lugela and Namarroi to the west. While Portuguese is the official language of Mozambique, the most commonly spoken language in Ile is the Bantu language, eLomwe. Subsistence agriculture sustains a large portion of the Ile population with crops such as cassava, rice and corn. These cereal crops are supplemented with small-scale farms of legumes, sweet potato, peanut, greens, tomato, onion, garlic, and more. Commercial agricultural crops include tea and eucalyptus. Available fruits include orange, banana, mango, papaya, coconut, lemon and lime. Ile is home to many granite domes and other bornhardts.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Zambezia Province
Jonathan Trower (born 12 June 1979) is an English cricketer. Trower is a right-handed batsman who bowls leg break. He was born in Sheffield, Yorkshire.
Trower made his debut for Lincolnshire in the 2000 Minor Counties Championship against Cumberland. Trower played Minor counties cricket for Lincolnshire from 2000 to 2007, which included 41 Minor Counties Championship matches and 15 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches. He made his List A debut against Cheshire in the 2000 NatWest Trophy. He played 9 further List A match for Lincolnshire, the last coming against Glamorgan in the 2004 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy. In his 10 matches, he scored 219 runs at an average of 24.33. He scored 2 half centuries, with a high score of 76 against Berkshire in the 2002 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy.
Leaving Lincolnshire at the end of the 2007 season, Trower has since gone on to play Minor counties cricket for Berkshire in 2008 and Norfolk in 2009.
References
External links
Jonathan Trower at ESPNcricinfo
1979 births
Living people
Cricketers from Sheffield
English cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
Berkshire cricketers
Norfolk cricketers
English cricketers of the 21st century
Jeremy Humm (born 5 January 1983) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with West Coast and Richmond. A tough half-back who came from the highly productive North Ballarat club, he played four games in his debut season. With limited opportunity, he played few games in 2002, although he earned a spot in the team for the finals. With an unexpectedly small 8 games during the 2003 season and a poor start to 2004, he played most of the year in the West Australian Football League. In 2006 he moved to Richmond. He played 1 game for the Tigers and He was not picked again in 2006 and he has made no further appearance in the AFL. In 2012 he won the Hayward Medal as the Best and Fairest Player in the South West Football League, playing for the Augusta-Margaret River Hawks.
In 2015, he joined the Boston Demons football club in Massachusetts USA, where he currently oversees training as a playing coach and helps develop young US talent.
Sources
Holmesby, Russell & Main, Jim (2007). The Encyclopedia of AFL Footballers. 7th ed. Melbourne: Bas Publishing.
1983 births
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Richmond Football Club players
West Coast Eagles players
Greater Western Victoria Rebels players
Living people
East Perth Football Club players
This is a list of episodes of the ninth season of The Ellen DeGeneres Show, which aired from September 2011 to June 2012.
Episodes
References
External links
9
2011 American television seasons
2012 American television seasons
The Canton of Vitré-Est is a former canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine département, located in the east of the department. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It consisted of 10 communes (of which one partly), and its population was 22,776 in 2012.
References
Former cantons of Ille-et-Vilaine
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
Brittany region articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
Juan Muñoz de Gadea (born 12 November 1634) was a Spanish soldier who served in Peru, Chile, Mexico and the Philippines.
He was appointed Governor of Margarita in 1676.
South America
Juan Muñoz de Gadea was born on 12 November 1634 in Lima, Peru.
On 7 January 1650 he enrolled in the army as a harquebusier in the seaport of Callao, Peru. In February 1654 he was in Chile, where he escorted a herd of over 1,000 horses from Maule to Concepción to relieve the garrison during a native revolt. For a period he was deputy Corregidor of Colchagua Corregimiento. On 19 February 1658 he won permission to leave Chile to pay a visit to Spain. He reached Havana, Cuba, too late to sail with the annual fleet. There he found his older brother, Nicolás Muñoz de Gadea in Havana, who was starting a term as Lieutenant Governor of Cuba.
Mexico and the Caribbean
Muñoz Gadea sailed to New Spain, where on 7 January 1659 he was given a commission by the Viceroy Duque de Albuquerque to recruit and train a company of soldiers in Puebla. In September he was appointed Provost Marshal of all the newly formed companies that were gathering in Veracruz.
On 14 December 1662 he was appointed second in command to an expedition led by Francisco de Leiva Issasi to carry troops to the Antilles. His ship with 100 troops was wrecked of the coast of Cuba, and they were marooned for a period on an offshore islet before being ferried to Havana.
There they heard that the English pirate Christopher Myngs had sacked Campeche in February 1663, and were ordered to Campeche to assist in its defense.
He reached Campeche by January 1664. On 15 October 1664 Muñoz Gadea was appointed sargento major and commander of the garrison of the city.
In 1668 he resigned from this position.
Philippines
Muñoz de Gadea travelled north to Mexico City. On the journey, pirates captured the ship that carried all his possessions.
On 26 November 1668 the Viceroy Marqués de Mancera offered him the position of alcade mayor of La Antigua, Veracruz.
Muñoz Gadea declined this offer and instead crossed the Pacific to the Philippines, where he obtained a position on the staff of the Governor in Manila.
On 18 January 1672 he was given permission to return to Spain by way of Mexico, since his brother Nicolás had died and left him as heir. In the Caribbean, the Dutch ship he was sailing on was captured by the English and taken to Jamaica. He was held prisoner there, and then shipped to England, arriving destitute in London on 20 November 1673. The Spanish Ambassador to England let him accompany his party to Cadiz.
Margarita
On 12 October 1674 Muñoz Gadea requested a new position in the Americas,
and on 25 November 1676 he was appointed Governor of Margarita Province, off the coast of Venezuela.
On 17 December 1676 he was told to travel to his new post on ships Buen Suceso and the Asunción, which were sailing independently of the fleet to Trinidad and Cumaná, and then on to Maracaibo.
After some delays, he reached Isla Margarita at the end of August 1677.
The island had been devastated earlier in the year by a raid by the Marquis de Maintenon at command of a fleet of 10 ships with 800 buccaneers.
The former governor, Francisco de Mejía y Alarcón, had been helpless against the superior forces, who had guides familiar with the island.
The privateers had looted and burned the buildings, then extorted whatever valuables the people had managed to take with them when they fled to the mountains as ransom for their prisoners.
It was clear to Muñoz Gadea that the defenses urgently needed improvement.
He closed all ports apart from Pampatar and threw all resources, including some of his own funds, into improving the defenses of Pampatar's San Carlos de Borromeo Fortress.
Muñoz Gadea quickly antagonized the local people with his demands, including restrictions on trade, and they arranged to suspend him from office.
He remained on the island, but Juan Fermín de Huidobro took over control.
Juan Fermín was a military engineer and a native of Isla Margarita to whom Muñoz Gadea had given the job of building the Castillo de Santa Rosa in La Asunción.
The population of Margarita had been reduced by the pirate raids, and the pearl fishery was abandoned.
By a decree of 16 April 1680, all royal duties were suspended for four years.
On 15 June 1680 Fermín was appointed maese de campo of Margarita.
On 17 May 1681 he was appointed Governor.
On 6 February 1683 Fermín reported the completion of the Castillo de Santa Rosa.
Muñoz Gadea continued disputes and legal actions against Fermín, who eventually left the island.
Muñoz Gadea was reappointed Governor on 19 September 1683 by the General Council of the Indies.
Fermín appealed, but Muñoz Gadea was formally confirmed as governor on 28 March 1684.
He left office in 1685, and in 1686 was replaced as governor by Martin Cabeza de Vaca.
In response to further complaints from Fermín, the Audiencia sent judge Fernando Araujo y Rivera to Margarita, who arrived on 5 July 1688 with a body of troops.
Araujo arrested Muñoz and wanted to restore Fermín, but was opposed by the people of the island,
who had many complaints with his behavior while in office.
References
Notes
Citations
Sources
1634 births
Governors of Margarita Province
Year of death missing
"H.Y.C.Y.BH" (an acronym for "Have You Checked Your Butthole") is a song by Australian musical comedian Tom Cardy. It was taken from his debut EP, Artificial Intelligence, which was released on 6 August 2021. Written, recorded, and produced solely by Cardy, the song was debuted on TikTok. "H.Y.C.Y.BH" received praise from music critics and ranked at No. 11 on Triple J's Hottest 100 of 2021.
Background and release
"H.Y.C.Y.BH" was recorded in July 2021 in Cardy's home studio during the creation of his debut EP Artificial Intelligence. It was debuted on TikTok, with an accompanying music video being uploaded to YouTube on 3 July which showed Cardy performing the song in his home studio. A metal keyring promoting the song was made available following the EP's release.
Composition
"H.Y.C.Y.BH" is written in the key of B minor with a tempo of 120 BPM.
Critical reception
Writing for The Music, Joe Dolan labelled "H.Y.C.Y.BH" one of the best songs of the month and said that "it's hard not to admire the sheer tenacity that comes with one man's journey into enlightenment". He additionally likened the song's titular question to that of "What's Going On?" by Marvin Gaye and "Who Let the Dogs Out?" by Baha Men. Another writer for The Music dubbed it "incredible handiwork" and added that "you're gonna have this song in your head for a while". Dustin Rowles of Pajiba praised the song as "art" and called it "the best reason I have ever seen for the existence of TikTok".
Triple J's Al Newstead opined that with the phrase "have you checked your butthole", Cardy "elegantly encapsulates transcendent, universal wisdom". Triple J presenter Dave Woodhead included the song in his 10 votes for the station's 2021 Hottest 100 countdown, marking Cardy's second appearance on the list after "Mixed Messages" placed at No. 17. In an op-ed for ABC News, journalist Abbey Wiltshire attributed the song's success in the countdown to its "unfiltered humour and pure shareability".
Chart performance
Personnel
As shown in the liner notes of Artificial Intelligence, the song was created and performed solely by Cardy.
References
External links
2021 songs
Tom Cardy songs
Songs written by Tom Cardy
Sohrab Fakir Manganhar, also known as Sohrab Fakir, () (1934 – 23 October 2009) was a Sufi-singer from Sindh, Pakistan.
Early life
He was born in 1936 in Talpur Wada village of Kot Diji town, in Khairpur District. His father, Hammal Faqir, was an expert of tabla and sarangi. Suhrab Faqir was king of Sufi-music in Sindh and was considered one of the greatest mystic singers of Pakistan.
Suhrab Faqir was born in a musicians family which had migrated from Jaisalmer State of Rajasthan, British India.
Career
Suhrab Faqir started learning tabla from Ustad Khursheed Ali Khan and his singing career started in 1974, when he was asked by Ustad Manzoor Ali Khan to sing at the Urs celebration of Sakhi Allahyar near Tando Mohammad Khan. He was introduced to the radio at Radio Pakistan Khairpur by the renowned Sindhi writer Tanveer Abbasi, where he recorded two songs of Ghamdal Faqir including the song, Galyan Prem Nagar Diyan which became very popular throughout Sindh.
In the early 1980s, he formed a Sufi music group, Sung and became a disciple of Faqir Dur Mohammad Heesbani.
He had toured Britain, Germany, Belgium, Netherlands, Norway and France where his artful singing was highly appreciated. He sang with other singers as well such as Jamal Faqir .
Popular songs
Ghund Khol Deedar Karao, Mein Aaya Mukh Waikhan
Galyan Prem Nagar Diyan
Awards and recognition
Shah Abdul Latif Bhittai Award
Sachal Sarmast Award
Pride of Performance Award by the President of Pakistan in 1999
Death
Suhrab Faqir died of kidney disease on 23 October 2009 at Talpur Wada near Kot Diji, Sindh, Pakistan. He had been ill for a long time. Earlier in August 2006, he was also hospitalized due to chest pain and for diabetic complications.
References
External links
Sindhi Music
Suhrab Faqir on YouTube
1936 births
2009 deaths
People from Khairpur District
People from Jaisalmer
Pakistani folk singers
Performers of Sufi music
Deaths from kidney disease
Sindhi people
20th-century Pakistani male singers
Sindhi-language singers
Singers from Sindh
Recipients of the Pride of Performance
Muembe District is a district of Niassa Province in north-western Mozambique. The principal town is Muembe.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Niassa Province
The Kazansky suburban railway line () is one of eleven railway lines used for suburban railway connections between Moscow, Russia, and surrounding areas, mostly in Moscow Oblast. The Kazansky suburban railway line connects Moscow with the stations in the east, in particular, with the towns of Lyubertsy, Kurovskoye, and Shatura. The stations the line serves are located in Moscow, as well as in Lyubertsy, Ramenskoye, Orekhovo-Zuyevo, and Shatura in Moscow Oblast. The suburban trains have their western terminus at Moscow Kazansky railway station in Moscow. In the eastern direction, the suburban trains terminate at Kurovskaya, Shatura, and Cherusti. There are also direct suburban trains to Yegoryevsk which from Kurovskaya follow Greater Ring of the Moscow Railway. The line is operated by Moscow Railway. The tracks between Moscow Kazansky railway station and Lyubertsy I are also used by Ryazansky suburban railway line.
The suburban railway line follows the railway which connects Moscow with Arzamas and Kazan. It is electrified and has two tracks everywhere between Moscow and Kazan, though in Vekovka the electric power changes. The distance between Moscow Kazansky railway station and Cherusti is .
History
The railway between Moscow and Kolomna, which includes the section between Moscow and Lyubertsy, was constructed between 1860 and 1862 and was officially open for passenger and cargo traffic on 20 July 1862. The line connecting Lyubertsy and Murom was opened in 1911. The section between Moscow and Lyubertsy was electrified in 1933. The electrification was extended to Cherusti in 1960.
Stations
Following the standard notations in Russia, a railway stop below is called a station if it is a terminus or if it has a cargo terminal, and it is called a platform otherwise.
Moscow Kazansky railway station (station), transfer to Kurskaya metro station of Sokolnicheskaya line and Komsomolskaya metro station of Koltsevaya line;
Elektrozavodskaya (platform), transfer to Elektrozavodskaya metro station;
Sortirovochnaya (platform);
Aviamotornaya (platform), transfer to Aviamotornaya metro station of Kalininsko–Solntsevskaya and Aviamotornaya metro station of Bolshaya Koltsevaya line;
Andronovka (platform), transfer to Andronovka Moscow Central Circle station;
Perovo (platform);
Chukhlinka (platform);
Veshnyaki (platform);
Vykhino (platform), transfer to Vykhino metro station;
Kosino (platform), transfer to Lermontovsky Prospekt and Kosino metro stations;
Ukhtomskaya (platform);
Lyubertsy I (station), the last station jointly used with Ryazansky suburban railway line;
Lyubertsy II (station);
Korenyovo (platform);
Ovrazhki (station);
Rodniki (platform);
Vyalki (platform);
Khripan (platform);
41 km (platform);
Donino (platform);
49 km (platform);
52 km (platform);
Grigorovo (platform);
55 km (platform);
Gzhel (station);
Ignatyevo (platform);
Kuzyayevo (platform);
Shevlyagino (platform);
73 km (platform);
Antsiferovo (platform);
Podosinki (platform);
Kurovskaya (station), transfer to Greater Ring of the Moscow Railway;
90 km (platform);
95 km (platform);
Avsyunino (station);
Zapolitsy (platform);
Zaputnaya (station);
Shaturtorf (station);
Shatura (station);
Botino (platform);
Krivandino (station), connection to Ryazanovka;
Tugolesye (platform);
Voymezhny (platform);
Cherusti (station), connections to Vekovka.
References
Rail transport in Moscow
Rail transport in Moscow Oblast
Moscow Railway
The 2017–18 OHL season was the 38th season of the Ontario Hockey League, in which twenty teams played 68 games each according to the regular season schedule, from September 21, 2017 to March 18, 2018. The Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds accomplished a streak of 23 consecutive wins between October 27, 2017 and January 4, 2018.
The Hamilton Bulldogs won the J. Ross Robertson Cup as they defeated the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds in six games to represent the Ontario Hockey League at the 2018 Memorial Cup, which was hosted by the Regina Pats of the WHL at the Brandt Centre in Regina, Saskatchewan from May 18–27, 2018.
Regular season
Final standings
Note: DIV = Division; GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; OTL = Overtime losses; SL = Shootout losses; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; PTS = Points; x = clinched playoff berth; y = clinched division title; z = clinched conference title
Eastern conference
Western conference
Scoring leaders
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Leading goaltenders
Note: GP = Games played; Mins = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses: OTL = Overtime losses; SL = Shootout losses; GA = Goals Allowed; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average
Playoffs
Conference quarterfinals
Eastern conference quarterfinals
(1) Hamilton Bulldogs vs. (8) Ottawa 67's
(2) Barrie Colts vs. (7) Mississauga Steelheads
(3) Kingston Frontenacs vs. (6) North Bay Battalion
*Note: Game 3 has been moved to Sudbury Community Arena, because the North Bay Memorial Gardens hasn't been ready in time after hosting the 2018 Ford World Women's Curling Championship.
(4) Niagara IceDogs vs. (5) Oshawa Generals
Western conference quarterfinals
(1) Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds vs. (8) Saginaw Spirit
(2) Kitchener Rangers vs. (7) Guelph Storm
(3) Sarnia Sting vs. (6) Windsor Spitfires
(4) Owen Sound Attack vs. (5) London Knights
Conference semifinals
Eastern conference semifinals
(1) Hamilton Bulldogs vs. (4) Niagara IceDogs
(2) Barrie Colts vs. (3) Kingston Frontenacs
Western conference semifinals
(1) Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds vs. (4) Owen Sound Attack
(2) Kitchener Rangers vs. (3) Sarnia Sting
Conference finals
Eastern conference finals
(1) Hamilton Bulldogs vs. (3) Kingston Frontenacs
Western conference finals
(1) Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds vs. (2) Kitchener Rangers
J. Ross Robertson Cup
(W1) Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds vs. (E1) Hamilton Bulldogs
J. Ross Robertson Cup Champions Roster
Playoff scoring leaders
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Playoff leading goaltenders
Note: GP = Games played; Mins = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses: OTL = Overtime losses; SL = Shootout losses; GA = Goals Allowed; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average
Awards
All-Star teams
The OHL All-Star Teams were selected by the OHL's General Managers.
First team
Morgan Frost, Centre, Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds
Boris Katchouk, Left Wing, Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds
Jordan Kyrou, Right Wing, Sarnia Sting
Nicolas Hague, Defence, Mississauga Steelheads
Evan Bouchard, Defence, London Knights
Michael DiPietro, Goaltender, Windsor Spitfires
Drew Bannister, Coach, Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds
Second team
Aaron Luchuk, Centre, Windsor Spitfires/Barrie Colts
Sam Miletic, Left Wing, London Knights/Niagara IceDogs
Taylor Raddysh, Right Wing, Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds
Sean Durzi, Defence, Owen Sound Attack
Conor Timmins, Defence, Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds
Jeremy Helvig, Goaltender, Kingston Frontenacs
Dale Hawerchuk, Coach, Barrie Colts
Third team
Gabriel Vilardi, Centre, Kingston Frontenacs
Adam Mascherin, Left Wing, Kitchener Rangers
Jason Robertson, Right Wing, Kingston Frontenacs
Cam Dineen, Defence, Sarnia Sting
Joey Keane, Defence, Barrie Colts
Matthew Villalta, Goaltender, Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds
Trevor Letowski, Coach, Windsor Spitfires
2018 OHL Priority Selection
On April 7, 2018, the OHL conducted the 2018 Ontario Hockey League Priority Selection. The Sudbury Wolves held the first overall pick in the draft, and selected Quinton Byfield from the York-Simcoe Express of the OMHA. Byfield was awarded the Jack Ferguson Award, awarded to the top pick in the draft.
Below are the players who were selected in the first round of the 2018 Ontario Hockey League Priority Selection.
2018 NHL Entry Draft
On June 22-23, 2018, the National Hockey League conducted the 2018 NHL Entry Draft held at the American Airlines Center in Dallas, Texas. In total, 35 players from the Ontario Hockey League were selected in the draft. Andrei Svechnikov of the Barrie Colts was the first player from the OHL to be selected, as he was taken with the second overall pick by the Carolina Hurricanes.
Below are the players selected from OHL teams at the NHL Entry Draft.
2018 CHL Import Draft
On June 28, 2018, the Canadian Hockey League conducted the 2018 CHL Import Draft, in which teams in all three CHL leagues participate in. The Sudbury Wolves held the first pick in the draft by a team in the OHL, and selected Ukko-Pekka Luukkonen from Finland with their selection.
Below are the players who were selected in the first round by Ontario Hockey League teams in the 2018 CHL Import Draft.
References
External links
www.ontariohockeyleague.com
Ontario Hockey League seasons
Ohl
Makrem Ayed (born 15 September 1973) is a Tunisian judoka.
Achievements
References
1973 births
Living people
Tunisian male judoka
Judoka at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Judoka at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic judoka of Tunisia
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Tunisia
Mediterranean Games medalists in judo
Competitors at the 1997 Mediterranean Games
African Games medalists in judo
African Games gold medalists for Tunisia
Competitors at the 1999 All-Africa Games
20th-century Tunisian people
21st-century Tunisian people
Ctenophora elegans is a species of true crane fly found in Europe.
References
External links
Ctenophora elegans at insectoid.info
Tipulidae
Insects described in 1818
Nematoceran flies of Europe
Taxa named by Johann Wilhelm Meigen
William Collumpton was Archdeacon of Totnes in England during 1549.
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
Christian Alfonso López (born 2 May 1989) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CE L'Hospitalet as an attacking midfielder.
Club career
Born in Barcelona, Catalonia, Alfonso signed with RCD Espanyol in 2002 at the age of 13, from neighbours CE L'Hospitalet. Two years later he returned to his previous club, with which he made his senior debut, appearing in two Segunda División B games in the 2007–08 season as his team eventually suffered relegation. He was an essential unit in the subsequent promotion, then scored ten goals from 30 appearances to help them retain their status.
Alfonso moved to Espanyol again in late March 2011, alongside teammate Cristian Gómez – the transfer being effective as of July – initially being assigned to the reserves. On 2 October 2011 he made his first-team (and La Liga) debut, playing 16 minutes in a 0–4 home loss against Real Madrid.
On 15 August 2013, Alfonso joined AD Alcorcón of Segunda División, in a season-long loan deal. He scored his first professional goal on 1 September, the first in a 3–0 home win over Recreativo de Huelva.
Alfonso was loaned to fellow league team Girona FC on 29 August 2014, also in a one-year deal. Roughly a year later, he terminated his contract with Espanyol.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Barcelona
Association football midfielders
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Tercera Federación players
CE L'Hospitalet players
RCD Espanyol B footballers
RCD Espanyol footballers
AD Alcorcón footballers
Girona FC players
Lleida Esportiu footballers
Adelândia is a municipality in eastern Goiás state, Brazil.
Location
The distance to the state capital Goiânia is 129 km. while the distance to the regional center São Luís de Montes Belos is 6 km.
Highway connections are made by state highway BR-069 west from Goiânia, through Trindade, São Luís de Montes Belos, and then 6 kilometers to Adelândia. Neighboring municipalities are Mossâmedes, Anicuns, Turvânia, São Luís de Montes Belos, and Sanclerlândia.
Political Information
The number of registered voters was 1971 (09/06/2004) while the mayor was Mauricio Martins de Freitas), vice-mayor (Adma Duarte Gomes e Silva), and there were 09 council members.
The ex-mayor Lourival de Assis Lobo (1951-2007) was the first independent mayor of the city and the emancipator. His first lady was D. Luciene Rocha Malheiros Lobo.
He had nine descendants in his lineage: Fabio Lobo, Renata Lobo, Patricia Lobo, Elmo Lobo, Lourival Filho, Raphael Lobo and Yuri Lobo.
The economy
The economy is based on cattle raising and growing of corn, bananas, and beans. There is also some wood extraction and transformation.
The size of the cattle herd was 12,331 head.
Health and education
The infant mortality rate in 2000 was 24.88. There was 1 small hospital in 2002 with 22 beds, 4 doctors and 2 nurses. In the educational sector
there were 2 primary schools with 527 students (2004) and 1 middle school (State College Francisco de Assis Lobo Sobrinho) with 143 students. The literacy rate in 2000 was 80.9%.
(Source: IBGE)
Adelândia had a score of 0.715 on the Municipal Human Development Index, giving it a state ranking of 184 (out of 242 municipalities)
and a national ranking of 2,712 (out of 5,507 municipalities). (All data are from 2000)
See also
List of municipalities in Goiás
Microregions in Goiás
References
Frigoletto
Municipalities in Goiás
Diāna Marcinkēviča (born 3 August 1992) is a tennis player from Latvia.
Marcinkēviča has won seven singles and 28 doubles titles on the ITF Circuit. On 28 April 2014, she reached her best singles ranking of world No. 196. On 26 May 2014, she peaked at No. 146 in the WTA doubles rankings.
Marcinkēviča recorded her first win on the WTA Tour at the 2019 Baltic Open where she beat Kamilla Rakhimova in straight sets.
Playing for the Latvia Fed Cup team, she has a win/loss record of 23–25.
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 17 (7 titles, 10 runner–ups)
Doubles: 60 (28 titles, 32 runner–ups)
Notes
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Riga
Latvian female tennis players
Moldova competed in the Winter Olympic Games as an independent nation for the first time at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, Norway.
Biathlon
Men
Women
References
Official Olympic Reports
Olympic Winter Games 1994, full results by sports-reference.com
Nations at the 1994 Winter Olympics
1994
Winter
Northern Tasmanian is an aboriginal language family of Tasmania in the reconstruction of Claire Bowern.
Languages
Bayesian phylogenetic analysis suggests (at either p < 0.15 or p < 0.20) that two Northern Tasmanian languages (the Northern Tasmanian language and the Port Sorell language) are recorded in the 26 unmixed Tasmanian word lists (out of 35 lists known). Bayesian analysis does not support a connection to other Tasmanian languages. However, manual comparison suggests they are related to the Western Tasmanian languages, which are especially poorly attested, though the similarities may be due to loans.
References
Indigenous Australian languages in Tasmania
Language families
Markus Gickler (born 5 June 1966) is a former German male canoeist who won medals at senior level the Wildwater Canoeing World Championships.
References
External links
Markus Gickler at Downriver.de
1966 births
Living people
German male canoeists
Place of birth missing (living people)
Imad Khalili (; born 3 April 1987) is a Swedish former professional footballer who played as a midfielder or a striker. He is the assistant coach of Hammarby IF in Allsvenskan.
Club career
Breakthrough
At age five, Khalili began playing football at the local club Högaborgs BK. He made his senior debut for the side in 2002, aged 16, and attracted interest from several big clubs around Europe. He had a trial with the Scottish club Celtic FC but chose not to move abroad, on the advice of the Swedish international Henrik Larsson, who also had started his career at Högaborg.
Tired of the interest surrounding him, Khalili took a one and half-year break from playing football between the summer of 2003 and the beginning of 2005. He ultimately signed a three year-deal with Helsingborgs IF in Allsvenskan. However, he had a hard time establishing himself at the club, enjoying loan spells at both Randers FC in the Danish Superliga and Bunkeflo IF in Superettan during the upcoming seasons.
In December 2007, he joined IFK Norrköping on a permanent deal. The club had just won a promotion to Allsvenskan. The team struggled in the league play during the season of 2008 resulting in an immediate relegation to the second tier. Khalili would however establish himself as a key member of the squad during the following seasons, enjoying another promotion to Allsvenskan in 2010.
Top scorer
Between 2011 and 2013 he played as a regular in Allsvenskan for the club from the county of Östergötland, making 37 appearances whilst scoring 13 goals in the top tier. During the midseason of 2013 he attracted interest from his former club Helsingborgs IF, who completed the transfer of Khalili in August the same year.
He continued his impressive scoring form during the 2013 season at his new club, eventually being crowned as the top scorer of Allsvenskan with 15 goals in total.
Years abroad
Before the 2014 season, he attracted interest from abroad, signing a loan deal with Al-Shabab in Saudi Arabia. He enjoyed a successful stint at the club, scoring a spectacular soloist strike in a 2–1 win against Al-Nassr in March 2014.
He signed for Shanghai Dongya in the Chinese Super League during the summer of 2014 on a permanent deal. Khalili went on to make 9 appearances for the side, scoring twice, before being deemed surplus to requirements due to the international players policy in the league. He was subsequently released from his contract on 1 February 2015.
Soon after, he signed a short time-contract with Baniyas, returning to his birth country United Arab Emirates. He featured in 8 games for the club during the spring, scoring twice, before leaving on a free in May 2015.
Return to Sweden
On 7 July 2015, he signed a four and half-year contract with the Stockholm-based club Hammarby IF in Allsvenskan. There he reunited with his former manager at IFK Norrköping, Mats Jingblad – now the sporting director of Hammarby.
During the second half of 2015 and throughout the whole 2016 season, Khalili failed to impress then manager Nanne Bergstrand, subsequently only being used as a substitute player. He scored his first competitive goal for the club on 17 July 2016, in a 3–3 draw against Falkenbergs FF on home turf.
After only making five appearances midway through the 2017 season, under the reign of new manager Jakob Michelsen, Khalili went out on loan to Brommapojkarna. The six month-deal with the Superettan club was announced on 11 August 2017. He made his debut for the side only a few days later, coming on as a second half sub, in a 1–1 away draw against Varberg. Khalili ultimately made 7 appearances for Brommapojkarna, as they won promotion to Allsvenskan, but returned to Hammarby at the start of 2018.
In January 2018, Hammarby switched manager once again with Stefan Billborn taking over as head coach. Khalili received much playing time during the pre-season and scored in a Svenska Cupen 3–3 draw against GAIS on 25 February. Khalili began the league play as a starter and scored a brace in the third round, as Hammarby won 4–0 against his former club Brommapojkarna on 16 April. He ultimately finished the 2018 season with scoring three goals in 21 league games, as Hammarby finished 4th in the table.
On 20 February 2019, Khalili signed a one-year extension with Hammarby. He played 23 games during the campaign, scoring eight goals, as the club finished 3rd in Allsvenskan after eight straight wins at the end of the season.
In 2020, a season postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Khalili mostly came on from the bench and played 22 games in total, scoring four league goals, as his side disappointedly finished 8th in the table.
On 14 April 2021, it was announced that Khalili would become an assistant coach at Hammarby, focusing on individual development in the squad, as well as still being eligible as a player for the rest of the year. On 30 May 2021, Khalili won the 2020–21 Svenska Cupen, the main domestic cup, with Hammarby IF through a 5–4 win on penalties (0–0 after full-time) against BK Häcken in the final.
International career
Imad Khalili won several caps for the Swedish under-17's, under-19's and under-21s in his younger days.
In 2014, he accepted an offer to play internationally for Palestine, but withdrew from the squad due to an injury. He was eligible to play for either Palestine, UAE or Sweden at senior level.
Personal life
Khalili was born in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. His parents are Palestinians from Lebanon. At a young age, the family settled in the town of Helsingborg in southern Sweden.
He is the cousin of fellow professional footballer Abdul Khalili, who was part of the Sweden under-21 squad which won the 2015 European Championship. Another cousin, Moustafa Zeidan, previously played in the youth system at Aston Villa.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Al-Shabab
Kings Cup: 2014
IF Brommapojkarna
Superettan: 2017
Hammarby IF
Svenska Cupen: 2020–21
Individual
Allsvenskan top scorer: 2013
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Dubai
Swedish footballers
Association football midfielders
Sweden youth international footballers
Sweden under-21 international footballers
Emirati footballers
Swedish people of Palestinian descent
Emirati people of Palestinian descent
Emirati emigrants to Sweden
Helsingborgs IF players
Randers FC players
IF Limhamn Bunkeflo (men) players
IFK Norrköping players
Hammarby Fotboll players
IF Brommapojkarna players
Al-Shabab FC (Riyadh) players
Shanghai Port F.C. players
Chinese Super League players
Baniyas Club players
Allsvenskan players
Superettan players
Saudi Professional League players
Högaborgs BK players
UAE Pro League players
Danish Superliga players
Swedish expatriate footballers
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in China
Expatriate footballers in China
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Mohamad Abdul Hadi (born 26 October 1966) is a Malaysian field hockey player. He competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Field hockey players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Malaysian male field hockey players
Olympic field hockey players of Malaysia
Field hockey players at the 1986 Asian Games
Field hockey players at the 1990 Asian Games
Asian Games medalists in field hockey
Asian Games bronze medalists for Malaysia
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
The Political Party (Det politiske parti) was a satirical but nevertheless real political party created by the Norwegian comedians Johan Golden and Atle Antonsen. The party made its first entry in Norwegian politics during the Norwegian general election of 2001, promoting the two leaders with slogans like "Atle Antonsen — Working for all the people" and "Johan Golden — Your slave in parliament" (the latter one raising some eyebrows, as Golden is of black Caribbean descent). Golden was also fronted as the party's candidate for Prime Minister.
According to the party's platform, any representative of the party elected to parliament was to vote whatever the people wanted him or her to vote. To find out what the people wanted, they were to hold a poll on their web-site for every parliamentary issue the party got involved in. They also claimed that, were the people to vote 70% in favour and 30% against an issue, they would work 70% for it and 30% against it. Thus the Political Party in some sense promoted the thought of direct democracy. The party program states that the Political Party is founded on the ideals of freedom, justice and politics.
In the general election of 2001 the party got nearly 1% of all votes made. The result was rather different in the school-elections where the Political Party got 8% of the votes. If these had been parliamentary elections, the party would have gained approximately 12 representatives in parliament.
The Political Party was active only in the general election of 2001.
Notes
An electoral propaganda poster that depicts the Political Party's idea of direct democracy.
External links
The official web pages of the Political Party (Norwegian)
Electoral poster of Johan Golden and Atle Antonsen.
Defunct political parties in Norway
Joke political parties in Norway
Political parties established in 2000
2000 establishments in Norway
Political parties with year of disestablishment missing
Eicochrysops pinheyi is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Zambia.
References
Butterflies described in 1985
Eicochrysops
Qatar Aghaj (), also rendered as Ghatar Aghaj or Qatar Aqaj, may refer to:
Qatar Aghaj, Fars
Qatar Aghaj, Hamadan
Qatar Aghaj, Markazi
Ernest-Marie Laperrousaz (2 August 1924 – 20 August 2013) was a French historian and archaeologist. As an archaeologist he worked at Qumran and Masada. He has published numerous books including works on Qumran and the context of the Dead Sea Scrolls.
Laperrousaz is now professeur honoraire of the religious studies faculty of the École pratique des hautes études and was formerly the director of that institution. He was a resident at the École biblique et archéologique française de Jérusalem. He has long been acquainted with Qumran, having been a participant in the excavations directed by Roland de Vaux from 1953 to 1956. From 1970 to 1995 Laperrousaz continued an archaeological mission to Jerusalem and the Qumran area on a yearly basis. Always a strong believer in the Qumran-Essene hypothesis, he differed with de Vaux over interpretations of the site of Qumran. His most influential work is Qoumran: L'Etablissement essénien des bord de la Mer Morte: Histoire et archéologie du site, an independent study of the archaeology of Qumran.
Selected publications
Laperrousaz has been a prolific writer on archaeological subjects in French. Among his books are:
Les Manuscrits de la mer Morte, Que sais-je?, 1961 ; 1984 ; 10e éd. mise à jour, 2003
Qoumrân : L'établissement essénien des bords de la mer Morte, Histoire et archéologie du site, Picard, 1976
Les Esséniens selon leur témoignage direct, Desclée, 1982
Attente du Messie en Palestine à la veille et au début de l'ère chrétienne, Picard, 1982
La Protohistoire d'Israël, de l'exode à la monarchie (dir.), Cerf, 1990
La Palestine à l'époque perse (with André Lemaire), Cerf, 1994
Salomon, roi d'Israël, Hachette Éducation, 2000
Les Temples de Jérusalem, Paris-Méditerranée, 2000
Trois Hauts Lieux de Judée : L'Hérodium, Massada et Qoumrân, Paris-Méditerranée, 2001
Jésus : Les questions primordiales, Edimaf, 2002
Problèmes d'histoire des religions : Mises au point, Paris-Méditerranée; 2006
Qoumrân et ses manuscrits de la mer Morte, Non Lieu, 2006
References
Qoumran: L'Etablissement essenien by F.F. Bruce, Journal of Semitic Studies 24:1 (1979) 119–120
Ernest-Marie Laperrousaz's obituary
External links
Ernest-Marie Laperrousaz on data.bnf.fr
Short Biography
List of publications on Persée
Obituary on Société des études juives
Qumran
Dead Sea Scrolls
20th-century French historians
French archaeologists
Biblical archaeology
French historians of religion
École pratique des hautes études faculty
1924 births
2013 deaths
Ifor Huw Irranca-Davies (né Davies; born 22 January 1963) is a Welsh Labour and Co-operative politician, who has been the Member of the Senedd (MS) for Ogmore since 2016. He was previously the Member of Parliament (MP) for Ogmore from 2002 to 2016.
Having served as Parliamentary Private Secretary in the Northern Ireland Office, the Department for Work and Pensions, and the Department of Culture, Media and Sport, he became an Assistant Whip in May 2006. On 29 June 2007, he was appointed Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Wales, before being promoted to the role of Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State in the Department for the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs. Irranca-Davies resigned his seat in parliament in March 2016 to stand to represent the constituency in the Senedd, winning the seat in the elections held in May 2016.
He was appointed as Minister for Children and Social Care in the Welsh Government on 3 November 2017.
Early life
Irranca-Davies was born Ifor Huw Davies in 1963 to Teresa and Gethin Davies. He campaigned as a boy in general elections for his step great-uncle, Ifor Davies, MP for Gower and deputy to Cledwyn Hughes at the Welsh Office during Harold Wilson's government. He attended Gowerton Comprehensive School (where his mother was a secretary), and later earned a BA (Hons) at Crewe and Alsager College, and an MSc from Swansea Metropolitan University.
After leaving higher education, he worked for local authorities in leisure management; and it was while he was working in a sports centre and she was doing aerobics that he met his wife, Joanna Irranca, born to Italian parents who had come to work in South Wales in the 1950s. On marriage, the couple both changed their surnames to Irranca-Davies; he in particular felt his existing surname was too common. The couple have three sons.
Later, he worked in private sector management, as a lecturer at Swansea Metropolitan University.
Member of Parliament
In 2001, Irranca-Davies was Labour candidate for the Brecon & Radnor constituency, but finished third, behind the Liberal Democrat and Conservative candidates. In the by-election of 14 February 2002 he was elected to the parliamentary seat of Ogmore in the South Wales Valleys (a Labour seat since 1918), after the death of MP and Government Whip Sir Ray Powell. (Irranca-Davies was himself appointed Government Whip for Wales in May 2006 after spells as a Parliamentary Aide in several government departments.) He was re-elected to serve Ogmore in the general elections of May 2005 and May 2010. For the first time in 2010, Ogmore became the largest parliamentary majority of any party and constituency in Wales.
Since his election in 2002 Irranca-Davies has worked on a range of local and national issues, including sitting on the Procedures Select Committee to discuss ways of modernising the work of Parliament and has also sat on Standing Committees for the Police Reform Bill, Fireworks Bill and Communications Bill, among others. He has also held positions on the Welsh Grand Committee and the Northern Ireland Grand Committee. He has worked on Parliamentary Labour Party ('PLP') Committees on Welsh Affairs, Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Home Affairs and International Development. He was also the backbench MP representative on the board of the Coal Health Claims Monitoring Subgroup for Wales.
Irranca-Davies has spoken in the House of Commons on topics as varied as international trade union rights, compulsory voting, anti-social behaviour, renewable energy and climate change, fair trade, social justice and poverty and inequality. In June 2005 he became Parliamentary Private Secretary (PPS) to Tessa Jowell, having previously served as PPS to Jane Kennedy at the Northern Ireland Office. He served as PPS to Ministers of the Department for Work and Pensions and Department for Culture, Media and Sport. He worked as Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State of Wales, and as an Environment Minister in the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA). Between October 2010 and October 2011, he served as the Shadow Energy Minister where he led the Labour campaign on the protection of the Feed-In Tariff for solar power. In October 2011, he was appointed as the Shadow Minister on Food and Farming.
He belongs to a number of All Party Groups within Parliament, including the Party Groups for British Council (Vice-Chair), China Group, Citizens Advice, Clean Coal, Coalfield Communities, Energy Intensive Industries (Vice-Chair), Manufacturing, Maritime and Ports, Steel and Metal Related Industry, Children in Wales, Patient and Public Involvement in Health and Social Care (Co-Chair), University Group (Vice-Chair), and Waterways (Co-Chair). He serves as Chair of the All Party Group for the Recognition of Munitions Workers which aims "work with the government to find a means of recognising those munitions workers who served during the first and second world wars"
On 19 June 2015, Irranca-Davies was elected to the chairmanship of the Environmental Audit Select Committee.
He was one of 36 Labour MPs to nominate Jeremy Corbyn as a candidate in the Labour leadership election of 2015. His last day as MP was on 24 March 2016.
National Assembly for Wales
In October 2015, Irranca-Davies announced his wish to transition from Westminster to Cardiff Bay. In December 2015, he was selected to contest the Ogmore seat for Welsh Labour Party at the forthcoming National Assembly elections scheduled for 5 May 2016.
Irranca-Davies won the Assembly seat, while the vacated Westminster seat was won by Labour's Chris Elmore.
Westminster Parliamentary and UK Government Offices held
May 2005 – May 2006: Parliamentary Private Secretary to the Secretary of State for Culture, Media & Sport
May 2006 – June 2007: Assistant Government Whip
June 2007 – October 2008: Parliamentary Under Secretary of State for Wales
October 2008 – May 2010: Parliamentary Under Secretary of State at the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra)
October 2008 – June 2009: Natural Environment and Rural Affairs
June 2009 – May 2010: Marine and Natural Environment
May 2010 – October 2010: Shadow Minister for Marine and Natural Environment (Shadow Defra Minister)
October 2010 – October 2011: Shadow Minister for Energy and Climate Change
October 2011 – May 2015: Shadow Minister for Food and Farming
May 2015 – October 2015: Chair, Environmental Audit Select Committee
National Assembly & Welsh Government Offices held
June 2016 – Nov 2017: Chair, National Assembly for Wales, Constitutional and Legislative Affairs Committee
Nov 2017 – December 2018: Minister for Children and Social Care, Welsh Government
Awards
In 2005 he was voted the 48th sexiest man in Wales by the Western Mail.
In 2011, Irranca-Davies was shortlisted for the first Sports Parliamentarian of the Year award, an initiative introduced by the Sport and Recreation Alliance for the work he has done to promote archery. He was nominated by the Archery GB after he hosted the first sporting event to ever take place in Parliament in September 2011.
The event brought MPs and peers together as well as gold medallists such as Nicky Hunt on Speakers' Green for a day devoted to the sport.
In February 2013 Irranca-Davies was named Total Politics MP of the Month. He won the award for his work in standing up for farmers and consumers in the Ogmore constituency and across the nation by persuading the government to u-turn on the Groceries Code Adjudicator (GCA) Bill.
References
External links
Huw Irranca-Davies's Views Channel on YouTube
1963 births
Living people
Welsh Labour Party MPs
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
UK MPs 2010–2015
UK MPs 2015–2017
Wales MSs 2016–2021
Wales MSs 2021–2026
Politicians from Swansea
People educated at Gowerton Comprehensive School
People associated with Swansea Metropolitan University
Politics of Bridgend County Borough
Labour Co-operative members of the Senedd
Gomiz (, also Romanized as Gomīz; also known as Komīz) is a village in Saruq Rural District, Saruq District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 21, in 5 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Mount Crawford is a hill in the locality also named Mount Crawford in South Australia approximately north of Birdwood in the Mount Lofty Ranges.
History
The Indigenous name for Mount Crawford was Teetáka. The mount was given its present name in 1839 by Charles Sturt after James Coutts Crawford (1817–1889). Crawford had a Royal Navy background. He and his drovers arrived overland from NSW in April 1839 with 700 cattle, setting up a hut and cattle run at the base of the mount. Crawford soon moved on to be a pioneer of Wellington, New Zealand.
In February 1840 Crawford's hutkeeper, an old soldier, was bailed up by bushrangers Curran, Hughes, and Fox, who robbed him of his arms and rations. Curran and Hughes were executed by hanging at Adelaide on 16 March 1840 for an armed robbery committed earlier near Gawler.
Geoff Manning, in his Place Names of South Australia, gives a different derivation: E.J.F. Crawford (later proprietor of Hindmarsh Brewery), the explorer J.F. Crawford, and T.G.T. Crawford, sons of Capt. Crawford, master of HMS Victorious ran sheep in the area.
Pioneer families during the first decades of closer settlement included surnames Coleman, Hammat, Rankine, Polden, Murray, Warren, and Whyte. The subsequent history was one of mining and pastoralism, until being largely replaced by forestry and recreation activities.
An alluvial goldrush occurred in the area in the late nineteenth century, and fossicking still goes on in the area today.
Mount Crawford Forest
Mount Crawford also refers to the Mount Crawford Forest which is a grouping of several government forest lands in the area, the largest encompassing the area around Mount Crawford - others are to the west at Mount Gawler and south around Cudlee Creek and Kangaroo Creek Dam. The Barossa Valley is directly to the north. The forest headquarters and an information centre are located near Mount Crawford. Most of the timber grown are pine trees, though there are some native eucalypt plantations. The Heysen Trail passes through the forests. The forests are also popularly used for recreational purposes, with school fairs and camps being held there, along with a rally car race.
Climate
See also
List of mountains in Australia
References
External links
Postcards Feature
Entry in the Manning Index
Mountains of South Australia
James Victore (born in 1962, in the city of Mountain Home, Idaho) is an American art director, designer, and author.
Solo exhibitions
“James Victore: Post No Bills” DDD Gallery, Osaka, Japan, 1997
Moravian Gallery, Brno, The Czech Republic, 1998
Fronta Gallery, Prague April 2000
“American Modern Poster” China Fine Art Museum, Beijing, China 1999
“Furoshiki Graphics” GGG Gallery Tokyo, Japan, 1999
“Images of an Ideal Nation” DePaul University Art Gallery, 1998
“Texas Yum-Yum” Bolm Gallery, Austin, Texas, 2004
“James Victore: Dirty Dishes” Design Within Reach, New York City, 2005
“James Victore: In Gold We Trust” Future Perfect Gallery, Brooklyn, New York, 2006
“James Victore Loves His Country” University of Akron, Ohio, 2006
International Poster Biennales of Warsaw, Toyama, Brno, Helsinki, Moscow and Mexico
Collections
Museum of Modern Art, New York, NY
Palais du Louvre, Paris, France
Library of Congress, Washington, DC
Museum fur Gestaltung, Zurich
Stedelijk Museum, Amsterdam
Bibliography
Victore, James; Michael Bierut (2010) Victore or, Who Died and Made You Boss? Abrams
Victore, James; Ross MacDonald (2011) In and Out with Dick and Jane: A Loving Parody Abrams Image
Victore, James (2011) Lust: A Traveling Art Journal of Graphic Designer Rockport Publishers
Victore, James (2019) Feck Perfuction: Dangerous Ideas on the Business of Life Chronicle Books
References
External links
Official Homepage
MoMA Collection, James Victore
Logo Geek Interview with James Victore
1962 births
American graphic designers
Living people
People from Mountain Home, Idaho
Ricardo de Freitas Carreira (born January 20, 1978) is a former Brazilian football player.
Playing career
In 2001, Freitas joined Japanese J2 League club Ventforet Kofu which finished at the bottom place for 2 years in a row (1999-2000). He debuted in J2 against Shonan Bellmare on March 17. Although he played many matches as center back, Ventforet finished at the bottom place for 3 years in a row and he left Ventforet end of 2001 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Japan
J2 League players
Ventforet Kofu players
Association football defenders
Tachileik District (; , , , Thai meaning: "Cassod Port") is a district of the Shan State in Myanmar. It consists of one town and 295 villages. It is one of the four districts of Eastern Shan State.
The main town of Tachileik borders with the northernmost town of Mai Sae in the Chang Rai province of Thailand. Tachileik and Mai Sae have immigration processing and border crossing checkpoints at both ends of the bridge that connects the two border towns.
Townships
The district contains the following townships:
Tachileik Township
Mong Hpayak Township (formerly part of Mong Hpayak District)
Mong Yawng Township (formerly part of Mong Hpayak District)
References
Districts of Myanmar
Geography of Shan State
The LearAvia Lear Fan 2100 was a turboprop business aircraft designed in the 1970s, with an unusual configuration. The Lear Fan never entered production.
Design and development
The LearFan was designed by Bill Lear, but not completed before his death in 1978. It was planned for production to be carried out in Belfast, Northern Ireland, in a new factory built with money from the British Government in an effort to boost employment. The aircraft had a pressurized cabin and was designed for a service ceiling of 41,000 ft (12 500 m). It could accommodate two pilots and seven passengers, or one pilot and eight passengers.
It featured a pusher configuration in which two engines powered a single constant-speed three- or four-bladed propeller at the rear of the aircraft. A purpose-built gearbox allowed two Pratt & Whitney Canada PT6B turboshaft engines to supply power via two independent driveshafts. The intent of the design was to provide the safety of multi-engine reliability, combined with single-engine handling in case of failure of one of the engines.
The aircraft was made of lightweight composite materials instead of the more common aluminum alloy.
Another distinctive feature was the Y-shaped empennage. Two stabilizers pointed upward at an angle, similar to those on a V-tail aircraft, and a short vertical stabilizer pointed downward. However, unlike conventional V-tails, there was no pitch/yaw control mixing on the Lear Fan. The downward-pointing rudder also served to protect the propeller from ground strikes during takeoff and landing.
Operational history
After the cancellation of a planned test flight on December 31, 1980 due to technical issues, the first prototype made its maiden flight on January 1, 1981, a date officially recorded by sympathetic British government officials as "December 32, 1980" in order to secure funding that expired at the end of 1980.
The Lear Fan, however, did not enter production. Structural problems were discovered during the pressurization of the all-composite fuselage. The US Federal Aviation Administration refused to issue the prototype with an airworthiness certificate because of concerns that, despite having two engines, the combining-gearbox that drove the single propeller was not adequately reliable. Development was abandoned in 1985 after only three aircraft were built.
Surviving aircraft
All three Lear Fan aircraft have been preserved. They are on display at the Museum of Flight in Seattle, Washington, the Frontiers of Flight Museum in Dallas, Texas, and on static display in front of the Civil Aerospace Medical Institute in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
Specifications
See also
References
Citations
Bibliography
"Lear Fan Collapses". Flight International, 8 June 1985. Sutton, UK:Business Press International. p. 30.
McClellan, J. Mac. "Flashback to 1981:A Look Back at the Lear Fan". Flying, June 2006. Retrieved 21 November 2009.
Taylor, John W.R. Jane's All The World's Aircraft 1982–83. London:Jane's Yearbooks, 1982. .
Whitaker, Richard. "Lear Fan: the plastic aeroplane arrives". Flight International, 26 December 1981, pp. 1896–1901.
External links
Abandoned civil aircraft projects of the United States
LearFan
Twin-engined single-prop pusher aircraft
1980s United States business aircraft
V-tail aircraft
Low-wing aircraft
Twin-engined turboprop aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1981
Casualties of War is a 1989 American war drama film directed by Brian De Palma and written by David Rabe, based primarily on an article written by Daniel Lang for The New Yorker in 1969, which was later published as a book. The film stars Michael J. Fox and Sean Penn, and is based on the events of the 1966 incident on Hill 192 during the Vietnam War, in which a Vietnamese woman was kidnapped from her village by a squad of American soldiers, who raped and murdered her. For the film, all names and some details of the true story were altered.
Plot
The story is presented as a flashback of Max Eriksson, a Vietnam veteran.
Lieutenant Reilly leads his platoon of American soldiers on a nighttime patrol. They are attacked by the Viet Cong (VC) after a panicked soldier exposes their position. While guarding the platoon's flank, Eriksson falls as the top of a VC tunnel gives way beneath him. Eriksson's squad leader, Sergeant Tony Meserve, pulls Eriksson out of the hole and eventually, the platoon retreats out of the jungle.
The platoon takes a break outside a river village in the Central Highlands. While relaxing and joking around, one of Meserve's friends, Specialist 4 "Brownie" Brown, is killed when the Viet Cong ambushes them. Brownie's death has a major impact on Meserve. The platoon is sent back to their base. Private First Class Antonio Dìaz arrives as the replacement radio operator.
Frustrated because his squad has been denied leave for an extended period, Meserve orders the squad to kidnap a Vietnamese girl. Eriksson strenuously objects, but Meserve, Corporal Thomas E. Clark and Private First Class Herbert Hatcher ignore him. Before the quintet disembarks, Eriksson voices his concerns to his closest friend, Rowan. At nightfall, the squad enters a village and kidnaps a Vietnamese girl, Tran Thi Oanh.
As the squad treks through the mountains, Dìaz begins to reconsider raping Tran and begs Eriksson to back him up. The squad and Tran eventually take refuge in an abandoned hooch, where Eriksson is confronted and threatened by Meserve, Clark, and Hatcher. Dìaz suddenly gives in to the pressure, leaving Eriksson alone in opposing the act. Meserve forces Eriksson to stand guard outside while the other men sequentially rape Tran.
At daybreak, Eriksson is ordered to guard Tran while the rest of the squad takes up a position near a railroad bridge overlooking a Viet Cong river supply depot. Through his acts of kindness, Eriksson manages to earn Tran's trust and prepares to go AWOL and return Tran to her family. However, Meserve sends Clark to get Eriksson and Tran to go to the bridge before Eriksson can carry out his plan.
Meserve has Dìaz order close air support for an assault on the depot and then orders Dìaz to kill Tran with a knife. Before Dìaz can kill her, Eriksson fires his rifle into the air, exposing them to the nearby Viet Cong. Amidst the firefight, Tran tries to escape. Eriksson tries to save her but Meserve stops him and knocks him down with the butt of his gun. Eriksson watches helplessly as the entire squad shoots Tran numerous times until she falls off the bridge to her death.
After the battle, Eriksson wakes up in a field hospital at the base. He eventually bumps into Rowan and tells him everything that happened. Rowan suggests that Eriksson see Reilly and company commander Captain Hill. Reilly and Hill both prefer to bury the matter but Hill, infuriated at Eriksson's determination to press the issue, resolves to get rid of Eriksson and orders him transferred to a tunnel rat unit. The other men in Meserve's squad will all be reassigned as well.
After narrowly escaping an attempt to kill him in the latrine with a grenade (made by Clark), Eriksson storms into a tent and smacks Clark in the face with a shovel, reminding Meserve that killing him is unnecessary because no one cares about what they did. Meserve shakily derides Eriksson, saying he's crazy, and Eriksson leaves.
Eriksson then meets an Army chaplain at a bar and describes what happened during the patrol. The chaplain in turn reports it, launching an investigation. The four men who participated in the rape and murder are court martialed: Meserve receives 10 years hard labor and a dishonorable discharge, Clark receives life in prison, and Hatcher and Diaz receive 15 and 8 years of hard labor, respectively.
At the end of the film, Eriksson wakens from a nightmare to find himself on a J-Church transit line in San Francisco, just a few seats from a Vietnamese-American student who resembles Tran. She disembarks at Dolores Park and forgets her scarf, prompting Eriksson to run after her to return it. As she thanks him and turns away, he calls after her in Vietnamese. She surmises that she reminds him of someone, and that he has had a bad dream. They go their separate ways, and Eriksson is somewhat comforted.
Cast
The film continued the pseudonyms Lang used in his article, even though the soldiers' real names had since become public. Only the victim Tran Thi Oahn was referred to by her real name.
Michael J. Fox as Private First Class Max Eriksson (based on Robert M. Storeby)
Sean Penn as Sergeant Tony Meserve (based on David Edward Gervase)
Don Patrick Harvey as Corporal Thomas E. Clark
John C. Reilly as Private First Class Herbert Hatcher
John Leguizamo as Private First Class Antonio Dìaz
Thuy Thu Le as Tran Thi Oanh / Asian Student On The Train
Erik King as Specialist 4 "Brownie" Brown
Jack Gwaltney as Rowan
Ving Rhames as Lieutenant Reilly
Dale Dye as Captain Hill
Holt McCallany as Lieutenant Kramer
Dan Martin as Sergeant Hawthorne
Wendell Pierce as MacIntire
Sam Robards as Chaplain Captain Kirk
Steve Larson as Agent
Vyto Ruginis as Prosecutor
Maris Valainis as Streibig
Darren E. Burrows as "Cherry"
Sherman Howard as Court Martial President
John Marshall Jones as Military Policeman
Stephen Baldwin as Soldier (uncredited)
Amy Irving as Voice of Girl On The Train (uncredited)
Production
Development
The film was based on the real-life incident on Hill 192, and on Daniel Lang's lengthy New Yorker article, "Casualties of War," published in October 1969 and released as a book, with the same title, a month later. Film rights were bought by David Susskind who was to produce the film for Warner Bros. Pete Hamill wrote a script and Jack Clayton was to direct. However the film was not made. In the meantime, Michael Verhoeven made his film based on the incident, titled o.k.. Verhoeven's film was entered to the Berlin Film Festival in 1970, causing so much controversy among the judges, that the festival was shut down for that year with no awards given. De Palma was at that festival with his film Dionysus in '69.
In the late 1970s Susskind announced he would make the film for ABC. This did not happen.
In 1979 David Rabe mentioned the project to Brian De Palma, who was interested but was unable to raise the money to finance it. Some years later Rabe had written a script, and De Palma attached Michael J. Fox and Sean Penn as actors. They almost succeeded in getting the film financed at Paramount Pictures, but ultimately decided not to proceed when the budget went from $17 million to $20 million. De Palma then went on to make The Untouchables which was a big hit; Dawn Steel had liked the project at Paramount, and when she became head of production at Columbia Pictures, Casualties of War was the first film she green-lit.
"Historically Vietnam War movies have been very profitable," said Steel. "All of them. Platoon, Full Metal Jacket, Apocalypse Now, The Deer Hunter. You're looking at movies that have never been not pretty successful, but very successful. The foreign numbers have been extraordinary."
Shooting
The film was shot in April–May 1988, mostly on location in Thailand, with some filming in San Francisco. The bridge location was filmed in Kanchanaburi, Thailand, which was the same as the famous Bridge on the River Kwai.
This film was Fox's third major dramatic role. He had previously starred in Light of Day and Bright Lights, Big City. John C. Reilly makes his screen debut in the film; he would work with Penn again in We're No Angels and State of Grace. John Leguizamo, who appeared in his first major film role, would again star with Penn in another picture by De Palma, 1993's Carlito's Way.
"Let's be honest," said Fox at the time. "If this movie makes a buck and a half it's going to be things like Bikini's Away for me. But to fail doing something unexpected is no disgrace. To fail doing the ordinary is a disaster. This movie is about how much you will risk if you have nothing to gain."
Release
Casualties of War opened in 1,487 theatres, and ranked number 4 in box office for the first week of its release. It went on to gross $18.7 million.
The theatrical cut of the film was released on DVD in 2001. This version has the original 113 minute running time.
An extended cut of the film was released on DVD in 2006, that contains two scenes cut from the original release. One has Eriksson being interrogated by the two investigators, and the other is the defense attorney (played by uncredited Gregg Henry) trying to discredit Eriksson during the trial. This extended version has a running time of 119 minutes.
Reception
Roger Ebert gave the film three stars out of four and wrote, "More than most films, it depends on the strength of its performances for its effect – and especially on Penn's performance. If he is not able to convince us of his power, his rage and his contempt for the life of the girl, the movie would not work. He does, in a performance of overwhelming, brutal power." Vincent Canby of The New York Times stated, "'Casualties of War' moves toward its climax so inevitably and surely that the courts-martial, which are the film's penultimate sequence, are no less riveting for the theatrical way in which they have been compressed." He also called Penn's performance "extremely fine" and wrote of Fox that he "remains firmly in character" in a "difficult" role. Todd McCarthy of Variety wrote, "A powerful metaphor of the national shame that was America's orgy of destruction in Vietnam, Brian DePalma's film is flawed by some punch-pulling but is sure to rouse strong audience interest, even if the Columbia release will be a bitter pill for many." Gene Siskel of the Chicago Tribune gave the film three stars out of four and called it "a major effort in a minor key because of the limitations of the simple story." Michael Wilmington of the Los Angeles Times wrote, "Casualties of War is DePalma's 19th movie and easily his best. His detractors saw his Hitchcock-pastiche thrillers as manipulative and sadistic, but here he's not dealing with stylish slashers or bloody set-pieces. He doesn't have to reach for a shock. He's dredging up a deeper horror: the hell that lies beneath every man's skin, waiting to erupt." Hal Hinson of The Washington Post praised it as "a film of great emotional power" and "one of the most punishing, morally complex movies about men at war ever made."
Valerie Wieskamp cites the film as an example of the whitewashing of U.S. military war crimes in popular culture. She highlights how the few changes made to the real story serve to support a narrative of the military as a flawed, but ultimately just and heroic institution. Among the details she highlights is its failure to mention that the sentences imposed at trial were later severely cut down, with the last of the perpetrators being freed after only four years. While Eriksson/Storeby is the hero whose bravery is suggested to represent U.S. national and military identity, even the rapists and murderers on his squad are granted an imaginary backstory of a recently fallen squadmate to "explain" their acts.
De Palma invited Steven Spielberg to a private screening of the film, and after the screening ended, Spielberg said to Columbia Pictures executive Dawn Steel, "You'll be thinking about this for a week." David Rabe disassociated himself from the film, saying that De Palma had not been faithful to his script. It was also criticized by Vietnam veterans' groups. Quentin Tarantino has hailed the film as "the greatest film about the Vietnam War." The film holds an 83% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 47 reviews. The site's consensus states: "Casualties of War takes a harrowing plunge into the Vietnam War with a well-acted ensemble piece that ranks among director Brian De Palma's more mature efforts." Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale.
Awards
Wins
Political Film Society: PFS Award; Peace; 1990.
Nominations
Golden Globes: Golden Globe; Best Original Score - Motion Picture Ennio Morricone; 1990.
Motion Picture Sound Editors: Golden Reel Award; Best Sound Editing - Sound Effects; Maurice Schell; 1990.
See also
o.k., a 1970 film also depicting the Incident on Hill 192
The Visitors, a 1972 film also depicting the Incident on Hill 192
Redacted, a 2007 film also directed by Brian DePalma depicting similar war crimes carried out by U.S. soldiers in Iraq
References
External links
1980s crime drama films
1980s legal films
1980s war drama films
1989 films
American legal drama films
American war drama films
American crime drama films
Anti-war films about the Vietnam War
Columbia Pictures films
Crime films based on actual events
Drama films based on actual events
Films scored by Ennio Morricone
Films about kidnapping
Films about murderers
Films about war crimes trials
Films directed by Brian De Palma
Films produced by Art Linson
Films set in San Francisco
Films set in the 1960s
Films shot in Thailand
Gang rape in fiction
Military courtroom films
Films about rape
War films based on actual events
Wartime sexual violence
Films about the United States Army
1989 crime drama films
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Langaha madagascariensis (formerly Langaha nasuta, commonly known as the Madagascar or Malagasy leaf-nosed snake) is a medium-sized highly cryptic arboreal species. It is endemic to Madagascar and found in deciduous dry forests and rain forests, often in vegetation 1.5 to 2 meters above the ground.
Description
Malagasy leaf-nosed snakes can grow up to 1 meter in length. There is considerable sexual dimorphism within the species; the males are dorsally brown and ventrally yellow with a long tapering snout, while the females are mottled grey with a flattened, leaf shaped snout. The function of their appendage is unknown, but obviously also serves as camouflage.
It is largely a sit-and-wait predator. It may show curious resting behaviour, hanging straight down from a branch. Prey items include arboreal and terrestrial lizards.
It also exhibits hooding while stalking prey. These hooding and swaying behaviours along with its cryptic colour patterns, might allow L. madagascariensis to mimic a vine swaying in the wind.
Leaf-nosed snakes are oviparous with clutch sizes ranging from 5 to 11 eggs.
Malagasy leaf-nosed snakes are generally calm and reluctant to bite unless provoked. Envenomation by the snake causes severe pain in humans, but is not deadly.
References
Pseudoxyrhophiidae
Snakes of Africa
Reptiles of Madagascar
Endemic fauna of Madagascar
Venomous snakes
Reptiles described in 1790
Taxa named by Pierre Joseph Bonnaterre
Pidaung Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area in Myanmar's Kachin State, covering at an elevation of in Myitkyina Township.
Pidaung Wildlife Sanctuary was initially demarcated with an area of . Between the early 1960s and 1993, its size was reduced because of the expansion of sugar cane plantations, deforestation due to security reasons, construction of roads, railways and settlements. Wildlife diminished as a result.
The sanctuary harbours the orchid species Malaxis latifolia, Arundina graminifolia, Spathoglottis affinis and Spathoglottis plicata.
References
Protected areas of Myanmar
Protected areas established in 1927
Toyota Motor Manufacturing France S.A.S., or better known under its acronym TMMF, is the French automobile manufacturing division of Japanese automaker Toyota located in Onnaing near the city of Valenciennes. The company was founded in 1998 as a subsidiary of Toyota Motor Europe N/V S/A.
The construction of the new plant began in 1999 and was completed one year later. The production started on 31 January 2001 with the small car Toyota Yaris. Both models were facelifted in 2003. With the launch of the second generation in 2005, the production of the Yaris Verso discontinued.
Since April 2002, the French plant is manufacturing D-4D turbo diesel engines with direct injection and common rail technology. A few months later the first D-CAT diesel engine were produced. In November, Toyota increased the production capacity of its French plant from 100,000 to 184,000 units per year. This necessitated the change to the three-shift operation. In July, the 500,000th Yaris left the factory. At the same time Toyota raised its annual production to 270,000 units a year. The millionth Yaris, already in second generation, rolled off the assembly line in December 2006 and in 2016 the three-millionth Yaris was produced.
Furthermore, the TMMF operates since September 2005 its own training center known as the Centre de Formation. So the TMMF is one of the important regional training organizations in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais area. A total of 3,732 employees working on the 233 hectare site for the TMMF.
In May 2011, Toyota stopped production of the French Yaris model of the second generation which was replaced by the identical Daihatsu Charade. However, the official successor is the Toyota Yaris of the third generation which is also manufactured in France.
In June 2012, Toyota announced that it would move production of the Toyota Yaris for the North American market from Japan to France. The company expects annual exports to total 25,000 units.
Current production
Mazda2 Hybrid (December 2021 – present)
Former production
References
External links
Car manufacturers of France
Companies based in Hauts-de-France
Buildings and structures in Nord (French department)
Motor vehicle assembly plants in France
Daihatsu
Toyota subsidiaries
Toyota factories
French subsidiaries of foreign companies
Rob Mastrianni is a New York City based musician and park ranger. Many of his performances involve collaborating with local bellydancers. The instruments he most often plays are combination electric sitar/guitars. He has also collaborated with many famous artists, and his music has been featured on The L Word.
He currently performs with the groups Next Tribe and Beatbox Guitar, with Pete List.
Partial discography
References
External links
Official Site
Living people
Musicians from New York City
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Manuel "Manolo" Jiménez González (born 12 September 1960) is a Spanish football manager.
Career
Jimenez was born in Madrigalejo, but raised in Benidorm. He started in the Benidorm CD coaching youth football. His big break came in the Hércules CF. Got promoted to La Liga in 1995–96. Hércules did not renew for return to the top flight, and had two more chances in the second level with Albacete Balompié and Real Jaén CF. In Albacete was sacked at 5 league matches. At Real Jaén in 2 times down the third level. He also had a second time on Hércules CF and fell to third level. After the third level trained in Hércules, Benidorm and UE Figueres. In the 2008–09 season was the sports director of Alicante CF and arrived several days to train the team in the second level, being sacked because of disagreements with the policy. He is currently the coach of the Valencian Community on UEFA Regions' Cup.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Sportspeople from the Province of Cáceres
Spanish football managers
Hércules CF managers
Albacete Balompié managers
Real Jaén managers
UE Figueres managers
Alicante CF managers
Athens Towers (Greek: Πύργος Αθηνών), is a complex of two buildings situated in Athens, Greece. Athens Tower 1 is and 28 storeys high, making it the tallest building in Greece, while Athens Tower 2 has 15 storeys and a height of being the 8th tallest in Greece.
Construction began in 1968 and was completed in 1971 during the dictatorship. At the time of its completion it was the second tallest building in Southeast Europe. It is located in the district of Ampelokipi on 2 Mesogeion Avenue. It is used by many companies such as Interamerican and Alpha Bank. The architect of Athens Tower is Ioannis Vikelas, who also designed the main building of the Goulandris Museum of Cycladic Art. Its architects were Ioannis Vikelas and Ioannis Kympritis. Despite the criticism it has received due to its design and high height, the Tower of Athens is today considered to be one of the landmarks of Athens.
History
The Athens Tower was built in a period when the developmental law restricting the maximum height of a building wasn't active, with the law 395/68 "On the height of buildings and free construction" with which the buildings were given the freedom to be arranged in any way inside the plot to ensure the best lighting and ventilation. Up until 1968 the maximum allowed height of a building was 35 meters, from 1985 to 2000 the maximum allowed building height was 32 meters, from 2000 to 2012 27 meters and from 2012 to present 32 meters. Until 1968, the tallest building in Athens was the 14 storey Athens Hilton, which was completed in 1963. The construction of the Athens Tower started in 1968 and was undertaken by Αλβέρτης - Δημόπουλος (Alivertis-Dimopoulos) Α.Ε., one of the biggest construction companies of the time. For the construction of the building the 2-4 Messogeion Avenue site was granted. The building was completed in 1971. During the 1990s telecommunication antennas were added on the roof of the building.
Description
The Tower of Athens is less than 100 meters high without the antenna masts, has 28 floors and is still the tallest building in Greece. The architecture of the tower is minimalistic and futuristic and is an imitation of other buildings in Europe and America, like the Seagram Building. Typical is the use of glass curtains on the exterior walls of the building with aluminum frame. The use of glass curtains has since become commonplace for large commercial buildings in Athens. The vertical axis of the building is accentuated by white marble columns and vertical columns in the brown anodized aluminum glazing.
The Tower of Athens is built with the method of composite construction, with steel columns and reinforced concrete slabs, in contrast to other tall buildings of the time. Because the builders didn't have expertise in the construction of large steel structures, more emphasis was placed on the reinforced concrete. It was the first building in the Balkans to be constructed using this technique.
Additionally, the pioneering technique of the plastic foundation was used for the building's construction, which had been developed by the professor of Statics and Dynamics of the Polytechnic School of the University of Patras, Aristarchos Oikonomou, who also carried out the statics of the building. Plastic foundations work in a similar way to dampers. Another innovation of the building was the use of plasterboard inside the building, which helped reduce the weight of the building. The partitions of the interior of the Tower of Athens are mobile, making it possible to easily change the interior layout. Below the Tower there are three basements, for parking, warehouses and an engine room.
Next to the Tower of Athens is a smaller tower less than 56 meters high, with 12 floors, with common design features regarding the facade. But unlike the Tower of Athens, the smaller tower is zigzagged. It is connected to it at the first floor. According to the original plan, a two-storey extended base would be built on the plot, on which the Tower would be located. However, the plans changed and a square with two unequal towers was finally built. The buildings house shops and offices.
Gallery
See also
Apollo Tower
List of the tallest buildings in Athens
References
Buildings and structures in Athens
Towers in Greece
Office buildings completed in 1971
Skyscrapers in Athens
Skyscraper office buildings
Modernist architecture in Greece
Formakin House is an early 20th-century mansion and estate in Renfrewshire, Scotland. It is located south of the Firth of Clyde, and west of Bishopton. Formakin was designed by Robert Lorimer for wealthy businessman John Holms, though the main house was never completed. It declined during the 20th century, but in the 1990s, restoration of the estate buildings was completed.
The house is protected as a category A listed building, and other structures including the arched entrance gateway and bothy are category B listed. The grounds are included in the Inventory of Gardens and Designed Landscapes in Scotland, the national listing of significant gardens.
History
Formakin was the creation of John Augustus Holms (d. 1938), a stockbroker and art collector from Paisley. He purchased Millbank Farm, as it was then known, in 1902 and commissioned a new house that would contain his art collection, from his friend, the architect Robert Lorimer. Lorimer initially prepared plans for the estate, which was laid out from 1903. In 1907 the entrance lodges and stables were designed. The following year Lorimer converted the Old Meal Mill by the Dargavel Burn, where Holms lived while the new house was underway.
Lorimer produced designs for the house in 1909, in the style of a 17th-century Scottish tower house. Other buildings on the estate follow the same pattern. The former stable or bothy block, now known as the Miller's Tower, bears a stone inscribed with the date "1694", with the letters "DL" standing for "damned lie". Peter Anderson Graham, editor of Country Life, when shown a photograph of the building believed that it did in fact date to the 17th century. The gate lodges and stable blocks are topped with stone monkeys, (allegedly a self aimed joke by Holmes on the Victorian idiom where 'Monkey on the roof' meant to owe a large amount of money) hence earning the local nickname "The Monkey House" The walled garden and other planting in the grounds was designed by Lorimer under the guidance of Gertrude Jekyll.
The shell of the house had been completed by 1913, when work stopped. Holms had lost money on a bad speculation, and a fall from a horse supposedly upset his mental balance. Further work was carried out in 1920, but the house was never completed. Nevertheless, Holms continued to live on the estate, giving dinner parties in the half-finished house.
After Holms
When Holms died in debt in 1938, Formakin was sold to the Bradford-born entrepreneur Albert Ernest Pickard, owner of the Britannia Panopticon among other Glasgow ventures. It was requisitioned by the military during the Second World War, and maintenance began to decline. By the 1970s the buildings and grounds were derelict. After the Pickards died, a proposal was put forward to develop 195 houses on the estate, but planning permission was refused. Renfrew District Council campaigned to save the estate, eventually purchasing it in 1984 with funding from the National Heritage Memorial Fund. Formakin was operated as a visitor attraction for a time, and plans were made to redevelop the buildings and grounds. The venture was not successful, and Formakin was sold to developer Kit Martin, a specialist in country house restoration. Between 1988 and 1999 the estate buildings were restored and converted into 17 private dwellings.
See also
Làrach Mòr, John Holms' Rhododendron garden in the Highlands
List of Category A listed buildings in Renfrewshire
List of listed buildings in Erskine, Renfrewshire
References
External links
Formakin House, Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Scotland website
Formakin (The Monkey) House, Secret Scotland
Walks around Renfrewshire: Formakin Estate (archived 16 June 2012), Renfrewshire Council
The Millers House B&B
Houses completed in 1920
Country houses in Renfrewshire
Category A listed buildings in Renfrewshire
Inventory of Gardens and Designed Landscapes
Listed houses in Scotland
1920 establishments in Scotland
The 1906 season was the seventh season overall for the Chicago White Sox, and their sixth season in the major leagues. The Sox won their second American League pennant and their first World Series championship.
The Sox won 93 games in the regular season–– a plateau they would not reach again until the 1915 season–– to claim the pennant, propelled by an historic 19-game winning streak in August. They won the league pennant largely on the strength of their pitching staff, as their team batting average of .230 was the worst in the AL. The White Sox would go on to upset their crosstown neighbors, the Chicago Cubs (who had finished 116–36 that year for the best winning percentage in modern baseball history), in the World Series, earning them the moniker of the "Hitless Wonders."
Regular season
The 1906 White Sox team became known as the Hitless Wonders, having won the American League pennant despite posting the lowest team batting average (.230) in the league. The team had been in fourth place by the end of July, 7½ games behind the defending champion Philadelphia Athletics, when they went on a 19-game winning streak that drove them into first place. No American League team would beat the 19-game winning streak for almost 100 years. The team made up for their lack of hitting prowess by leading the league in walks, hit batsmen and sacrifice hits. The White Sox pitching staff had a league-leading 32 shutouts and the second lowest earned run average in the league. The White Sox then defeated their cross-town rivals, the heavily favored Chicago Cubs in the 1906 World Series.
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
1906 World Series
AL Chicago White Sox (4) vs NL Chicago Cubs (2)
References
1906 Chicago White Sox at Baseball Reference
Chicago White Sox seasons
Chicago White Sox season
American League champion seasons
World Series champion seasons
Chicago White Sox
Schönborn is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Hoseynabad (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 138, in 54 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Die a Legend is the debut studio album by American rapper Polo G. It was released on June 7, 2019, by Columbia Records. It features his US top 20 single "Pop Out" featuring Lil Tjay, as well as the sequel to the track titled "Pop Out Again" featuring Lil Baby and Gunna. The songs "Finer Things", "Battle Cry" and "Deep Wounds" were also released prior to the album. The album received acclaim from music critics.
Promotion
The album was announced May 26, 2019 through his Instagram. The following week, the track listing was revealed.
Critical reception
The album received acclaim from critics upon release. Sheldon Pearce of Pitchfork rated the album 8.3 out of 10, and gave it the "Best New Music" award. In his review, he stated that Polo G "blends pop and drill with ease and delivers a standout Chicago street rap debut that is meticulously crafted and honestly told". Riley Wallace of HipHopDX said "There is a beautifully crafted blend of honesty and tragedy within [Die a Legend]". HipHopDX users gave a unanimous review of a perfect 5/5 for the album.
Commercial performance
Die a Legend debuted at number six on the US Billboard 200 chart, with 38,000 album-equivalent units in its first week, becoming Polo G's first top-ten album. In its second week, the album dropped to number seven on the chart, earning 29,000 album-equivalent units. In its third week, the album dropped to number ten on the chart, earning 24,000 album-equivalent units that week. On August 11, 2020, the album was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for combined sales and album-equivalent units of over 1,000,000 units in the United States.
Track listing
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Notes
signifies a co-producer
"Through da Storm" features vocals by Leia Monroe.
Personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Technical
Ayo – recording engineer (tracks 1, 2, 3, 7, 8. 12, 13), mixing engineer (track 8), mastering engineer (track 8)
Todd Hurtt – recording engineer (tracks 3, 9, 10, 11)
Eric Sandoval – recording engineer (track 4)
Denly Morisset – recording engineer (tracks 5, 14), mixing engineer (tracks 5, 14)
Luis Bordeaux – recording engineer (tracks 5, 14)
Jahmere Taylor – recording engineer (track 6)
Jordan Knight – recording engineer (track 6)
Baruch "Mixx" Nembhard – mixing engineer (tracks 1–4, 7, 9–13)
Eric Lagg – mastering engineer (tracks 1–7, 9–14)
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
Polo G albums
2019 debut albums
Columbia Records albums
Rai Radio 1 (Radio Uno) is an Italian radio channel operated by the state-owned public-broadcasting organisation RAI and specialising in news, sports, talk programmes, and popular music.
History
The channel is the direct descendant of the first radio station to operate in Italy, which began its transmissions from Rome on 6 October 1924. This station, call sign 1-RO, was operated by the privately owned Unione radiofonica italiana (URI). In 1927 this company was absorbed by the state-owned Ente Italiano per le Audizioni Radiofoniche (EIAR) which from that date became the only authorised radio broadcaster in Italy.
The EIAR was renamed Radio Audizioni Italiane (RAI) in 1944 and as part of the reconstruction and improvement of the surviving transmitter network following World War II, radio broadcasting was reorganized (with effect from 3 November 1946) to provide two national channels covering most of the country. The first channel was known as the Rete Rossa (red network) and the second as the Rete Azzurra (blue network). These "neutral" names were chosen to imply that, while at any one time each channel aimed to provide programming of a contrasting style to that available on the other, the two channels were nominally equal in status and had an equally wide-ranging remit.
On 1 January 1952, as part of a move aimed at giving each of its channels a more distinctive "personality" – a cultural Terzo Programma (third programme) having already been added on 1 October 1950 – RAI renamed the Rete Rossa as the Programma Nazionale (national programme), later to become the Primo Programma (first programme) and eventually Rai Radio 1.
Programmes
The channel's main programmes include news/talk shows such as Radio anch'io and sports-related broadcasts – in particular, live coverage of all games played by the Italian national football team. Commentaries on Serie A and B football matches are aired live on Tutto il calcio minuto per minuto, one of Radio 1's most popular shows, which has been on the air since 1960.
Radio programs for Italian minorities in Slovenia and Croatia
From Monday to Saturday from 3:45 pm to 4:45 pm, the Trieste editorial staff broadcasts "L'Ora della Venezia Giulia" a radio program dedicated to the Italian minority present in Slovenian Istria, Rijeka and Dalmatia (Croatia), the only indigenous minority that Italy has outside its borders. The program consists of two events:
News: 15-minute radio news edited by the journalistic editorial staff of TGR Friuli-Venezia Giulia;
"Trespassing": daily space, from Monday to Saturday, of current affairs and culture on topics of common interest by the Italian programming structure of the Rai FVG headquarters. On Friday the program is carried out in collaboration with the Popular University of Trieste.
On Sundays, from 2.30 pm to 4.00 pm, the programs for linguistic minorities offer spaces dedicated to culture, prose, religion and the columns Books in the North-East, Strade del sacro, Il Pensiero Religious. Added to This is 15-minute radio news at 3.45pm, Sunday at 3.30pm.
The medium wave radio signal, radiated by the Venezia1 transmitter, was receivable on the 936 kHz frequency throughout the Upper Adriatic basin until 10 September 2022. Now it is offered live on Radio1 on digital terrestrial for smart TV owners , in streaming on the regional Rai website and in free-to-air on the satellite 13.0 ° E Hot Bird 13C frequency 11766.00 MHz polarization V 52 HB9 Europe DVB-S2 8PSK 29900 3/4.
Logos
References
External links
Rai Radio 1 at Rai Play Radio
Free-to-air
Radio stations established in 1924
1924 establishments in Italy
Cable radio
Radio stations in Italy
RAI radio stations
News and talk radio stations
Ape in a Cape: An Alphabet of Odd Animals is a 1952 picture book written and illustrated by Fritz Eichenberg. The book is a rhyming alphabet book. The book was a recipient of a 1953 Caldecott Honor for its illustrations.
References
1952 children's books
American picture books
Caldecott Honor-winning works
is a railway station located in Chiebun (智恵文), Nayoro, Hokkaidō, and is operated by the Hokkaido Railway Company.
Lines Serviced
Hokkaido Railway Company
Sōya Main Line
Adjacent stations
External links
Ekikara Time Table - JR Chihoku Station
Railway stations in Hokkaido Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1987
Rubia laurae, Cyprus madder is a trailing perennial with a woody rootstock, stems 10–100 cm long. Leaves 4-whorled, simple, irregularly serrulate, glaucous, coriaceous, sessile, with a broad asymmetrical base, 8–30 x 2–8 mm. Flowers in terminal cymes, small, yellow-brownish, with a 5-merous corolla. Flowers May–August. Fruit a black, globose, fleshy, drupe.
Habitat
Rocky and stony, dry hillsides, in garigue, vineyard edges or pine forests at 0–1200 m altitude.
Distribution
Endemic to Cyprus where it occurs in Lysos, Panayia, Arminou, Mesa Potamos, Kato Amiandos, Platres area, the Limassol Forest, Erimi, the Pentadaktylos Range.
References
External links
http://herbaryum.neu.edu.tr/index.php?id=66&menu=3
http://www.theplantlist.org/tpl/record/kew-180319
https://www.flickr.com/photos/cladoniophile/12127152154/
laurae
Rubiaceae genera
Endemic flora of Cyprus
Flowers with Two Lizards is a 1603 painting by Roelant Savery, now in the Centraal Museum in Utrecht. It and a near-identical version by the same artist are the two earliest surviving floral still lifes from the Northern Netherlands.
References
Paintings in the collection of the Centraal Museum
1603 paintings
Dutch Golden Age paintings
Flower paintings
"Como Abeja Al Panal" (English: Like a bee to the honeycomb) is a song by the Dominican Republic singer-songwriter Juan Luis Guerra released in 1990 and served as the lead single from his fifth studio album Bachata Rosa (1990). It is a song that tells the story of a forbidden love. The first part of the track is a Bachata with elements of bolero and the second have the rhythm change to salsa. It was one of Guerra first international hits and help to contributed to the bachata sophistication along with Estrellitas y Duendes and Bachata Rosa. The track's success demonstrated that tropical music could be fun, danceable and commercial, and at the same time, witty and complex.
Track listing
"Como Abeja Al Panal" – 4:09
"Woman del Callao" – 4:23
Charts
References
1990 songs
Juan Luis Guerra songs
Songs written by Juan Luis Guerra
1990 singles
Barry Strachan Gardiner (born 10 March 1957) is a British politician who served as Shadow Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change and Shadow Secretary of State for International Trade from 2016 to 2020. A member of the Labour Party, he has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Brent North since 1997.
The son of an Olympic footballer, Gardiner was born and educated in Glasgow before being moved to Hertfordshire to be educated at Haileybury and Imperial Service College. After studying at the University of St Andrews, he worked in the Student Christian Movement and considered a career in the Episcopal Church. He then studied philosophy at Harvard University and researched the subject at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge. He became involved in local government in Cambridge and was the youngest person to be elected mayor of the city in 1992. Leaving local government in 1994, he worked in marine arbitration before being elected for Brent North at the 1997 general election.
Gardiner served in Tony Blair's New Labour government from April 2004 to June 2007 as a junior minister in the Northern Ireland Office, Department of Trade and Industry and Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs respectively. After holding junior positions on the Official Opposition frontbench under Ed Miliband and Jeremy Corbyn, Gardiner served in Corbyn's Shadow Cabinet as Shadow Energy and Climate Change Secretary from June to July 2016. He subsequently served as Shadow International Trade Secretary and Shadow Minister for International Climate Change until returning to the backbenches in April 2020.
Early life and career
Barry Gardiner, the son of Olympic footballer John Gardiner, was born in Glasgow, Scotland. His mother trained as a surgeon and was the first woman to win the gold medal for surgery at the University of Glasgow. He was educated at the independent High School of Glasgow and Haileybury and Imperial Service College in Hertfordshire. He received an undergraduate Master of Arts from the University of St Andrews before serving for two years as full-time Scottish Regional Secretary of the Student Christian Movement. As a young man, he planned to become an Episcopal priest and began identifying politically with democratic and Christian socialism.
In 1983, Gardiner was awarded a Kennedy Memorial Trust scholarship to study Philosophy at Harvard University under John Rawls, returning to conduct doctoral research at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge for three years from 1984. He was elected as a councillor to Cambridge City Council in 1988 becoming Mayor of Cambridge in 1992, the youngest mayor in the city's 800-year history. He left the council in 1994. Before his election to Parliament, he worked as a senior partner in shipping insurance and arbitration.
Parliamentary career
In government: 1997–2010
Gardiner contested the Greater London constituency of Brent North at the 1997 general election, defeating the incumbent Conservative MP Rhodes Boyson by 4,019 votes. Following his election, he moved from Cambridge to Hertfordshire. He made his maiden speech on 4 July 1997.
Gardiner served on the Procedure Committee, the Select Committee on Broadcasting, the Public Accounts Committee and the Joint Committee on Consolidation of Bills. He was Chair of the PLP Departmental Committee for Culture, Media and Sport and Vice-chair of the PLP Departmental Committee for the Treasury. He was the Chairman of the Labour Friends of India, and has lectured at the Academy of National Economy in Moscow. He is a former vice-chair of Labour Friends of Israel and remains a member.
Gardiner became Parliamentary Private Secretary (PPS) to Minister of State at the Home Office Beverley Hughes in 2002. In 2004, he was appointed Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State at the Northern Ireland Office, moving to the same position at the Department of Trade and Industry following the 2005 general election. He moved to the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs in a May 2006 reshuffle and left the Government in June 2007, to once again serve as a PPS, this time to the Business Secretary.
New Prime Minister Gordon Brown appointed Gardiner as his special representative on forestry in July 2007. He left this role "by mutual consent" on 13 September 2008 after joining other Labour MPs in declaring an MP should stand against Brown, accusing him of "vacillation, loss of international credibility and timorous political manoeuvres that the public cannot understand".
Gardiner's expenses in 2008–2009 were ranked 129 out of 647 MPs whilst his 2007–2008 expenses were ranked 369. He claimed for a second home, despite his constituency being near Westminster. After the 2010 general election, the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority published new expenses rules replacing funding for a second home with a London Allowance of £3,760 for MPs with seats within 20 miles of Westminster. Those who kept their seats and already owned a second home had profits "recouped". The Legg Report requested Gardiner repay £174.17 for mortgage interest overpaid in 2005–06 although he voluntarily repaid £15,404.07 by April 2009.
In opposition: 2010–present
Early opposition career: 2010–2016
Gardiner was re-elected at the 2010 general election with a majority of 8,028 votes. Upon his re-election, he was described by Andrew Roth in The Guardian as "One of the best educated and most internationally experienced MPs". He nominated David Miliband in the 2010 Labour Party leadership election.
Between 2011 and 2013, Gardiner served as Ed Miliband's Special Envoy for Environment and Climate Change. In June 2013, Gardiner and Conservative MP Tim Yeo jointly tabled an amendment to the Energy Bill which proposed establishing by 2014 a decarbonisation target for the UK's electricity generating sector, to be achieved by 2030. The amendment was narrowly defeated.
Gardiner was appointed as Shadow Minister for Natural Environment and Fisheries in July 2013. In this role, Gardiner criticised the lack of prosecutions of leading players ten months after David Cameron promised that everything possible would be done to deal with crime relating to the horse meat scandal. "The extraordinary thing is that because of its clout, industry has been able to commit what appears to be a criminal offence – selling the public horsemeat falsely labelled as beef – and just say they are sorry and didn't know". He gave his support in 2014 to the first annual Hen Harrier Day demonstrations in Derbyshire to highlight the illegal persecution of UK raptors. In January 2015, he admitted the push by the previous Labour government to encourage car-buyers to opt for diesel vehicles in a bid to protect the environment was "wrong", identifying that a "massive problem for public health" had been created.
Shadow Cabinet: 2016–2020
When Jeremy Corbyn was elected Leader of the Labour Party in September 2015, Gardiner moved to becoming Shadow Minister for the Department of Energy and Climate Change. After a string of Shadow Cabinet resignations in June 2016, Gardiner replaced Lisa Nandy as Shadow Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change. In June, the department was abolished and he became Shadow Secretary of State for International Trade and Shadow Minister for International Climate Change.
Gardiner supported the development of Hinkley Point C nuclear power station, rejecting criticism of Chinese involvement in the project despite military and intelligence figures warning ministers that such involvement posed a threat to national security. He urged Theresa May to tell China that Britain wanted strong investment in infrastructure projects and described her decision to halt the deal as "politically stupid" and tantamount to "closing UK Plc down". He criticised May for negotiating a "rip-off deal" over its development.
In October 2017, Gardiner became involved in a complaint by Boeing to the US Department of Commerce. Boeing claimed Bombardier Aerospace was 'dumping' aircraft in the US by selling them below the cost of production, due to large Canadian government subsidies. The US Department had suggested the solution was a 300% tariff on Bombardier CSeries being sold to Delta Air Lines, which would adversely affect prospects for the sale. A major employer in Belfast, a punitive tariff again Bombardier would threaten more than 4,000 manufacturing jobs. Boeing's complaint against Bombardier had made no reference to its own multibillion-dollar tax breaks from Washington state. Gardiner seized on this and accused Boeing of hypocrisy, insisting all aircraft manufacturers require government subsidies; he labelled Boeing "the king of corporate welfare" and a "subsidy junkie", and suggested the company was trying to "crush a competitor". Boeing replied their illegal-subsidies complaint against Bombardier was about selling aircraft below the cost of production and not anti-competitive, saying it merely wanted "fairness" in "following trade rules".
In response to the murder in 2018 of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi, Gardiner said "We must look very carefully again at the relationship we have with Saudi Arabia. What we would do certainly at the moment, and I think the government should do this, is to suspend all arms sales to the kingdom."
In January 2020, Gardiner received India's highly prestigious Padma Shri award for his work in the field of public affairs. He endorsed Rebecca Long-Bailey in the 2020 Labour Party leadership election. Following Keir Starmer's victory in the contest, he was stood down from the Shadow Cabinet in April of that year.
Return to the backbenches: 2020–present
After following government social distancing guidelines from March to June 2020 during the COVID-19 pandemic, Gardiner joined Black Lives Matter protesters in London as they marched outside Parliament. Since the protest had ignored government guidelines, he took a test for COVID-19 but tested negative for the virus.
On the backbenches, Gardiner began organising a cross-party effort to bring in legislation banning fire-and-rehire practices by employers. In this role, he helped the Labour whips office to organise the defection of Conservative MP Christian Wakeford to the Labour Party in January 2022.
Links to Chinese agent
In 2017 The Times revealed, from September 2015 to February 2017, Gardiner had received £182,284 in disclosed cash donations from Christine Lee & Co, a firm of solicitors which acts as the chief legal adviser to the Chinese embassy. Before this, his constituency party received cash donations from the firm of £22,500 between 2009 and 2015. The paper also revealed part of this money was used to fund the employment of Daniel Wilkes, son of the firm's founder Christine Lee, in his parliamentary offices. Gardiner said the son was hired via an open recruitment process and was appointed on merit. Alistair Graham, former chair of the Committee on Standards in Public Life, called the situation "bizarre" and said "there are clearly questions to be answered". After The Times 2017 piece, Gardiner received a further £200,000 from Lee. Gardiner received a total of £425,000 from Lee.
In January 2022 Lee was declared by MI5 to be a Chinese agent working for the United Front Work Department of the Chinese Communist Party, who was covertly "involved in political interference activities in the UK". Lee's son was employed by Gardiner's constituency office until the MI5 classification was announced. The Times said Gardiner generally took a pro-Beijing position in his shadow portfolio dealings, but the donations were disclosed and there was no suggestion of impropriety on Gardiner's part. Gardiner wrote a letter saying the amounts he received were used to fund researchers and Lee had no influence in the appointment or management of these individuals.
Personal life
Gardiner is married to Caroline Smith and has employed her as an office manager and executive secretary. After the 2017 general election, employing family members was banned for new MPs, however the restriction was not retroactive. They have four children; one of whom, Jacob Gardiner-Smith, is a footballer.
Honours and awards
2020: Padma Shri of
Notes
References
External links
Guardian Unlimited Politics – Ask Aristotle: Barry Gardiner MP
Barry Gardiner Allowances
|-
|-
1957 births
British Christian socialists
British socialists
Living people
People educated at the High School of Glasgow
People educated at Haileybury and Imperial Service College
Alumni of the University of St Andrews
Harvard University alumni
Alumni of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Labour Friends of Israel
Mayors of Cambridge
Northern Ireland Office junior ministers
Politics of the London Borough of Brent
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
UK MPs 2010–2015
UK MPs 2015–2017
UK MPs 2017–2019
UK MPs 2019–present
Politicians from Glasgow
Recipients of the Padma Shri in public affairs
Elementfour (variants Element Four and Element 4) was a music producing duo made up of DJ Paul Oakenfold and musician/composer Andy Gray. Sometime before July 2000, they collaborated in writing and producing the opening theme for the Channel 4 reality series Big Brother. The theme, which was later released as a single, continued to be used when Big Brother and Celebrity Big Brother moved to Channel 5 from 18 August 2011 until the show was axed and ended on 5 November 2018. A sample from the track was used again in 2022 to promote the upcoming 2023 series on ITV2.
Discography
Singles
As Elementfour
2000: "Big Brother UK TV Theme"
2000: "Element Four" (Belgium) (reached No.13 in the Ultratop Dance charts)
As Paul Oakenfold and Andy Gray
2000: "Tast-E" (Australia, Greece) (did not chart)
References
External links
English electronic music duos
Musical groups established in 2000
Musical groups disestablished in 2000
Big Brother (British TV series)
Celebrity Big Brother
Michael S. Lew (born 19 April 1965) is a scientist in multimedia information search and retrieval at Leiden University, Netherlands. He has published over a dozen books and 150 scientific articles in the areas of content based image retrieval, computer vision, and deep learning. Notably, he had the most cited paper in the ACM Transactions on Multimedia, one of the top 10 most cited articles in the history (out of more than 14,000 articles) of the ACM SIGMM, and the most cited article from the ACM International Conference on Multimedia Information Retrieval in 2008 and also in 2010. He was the opening keynote speaker for the 9th International Conference on Visual Information Systems, the Editor-in-Chief of the International Journal of Multimedia Information Retrieval (Springer), the co-founder of influential conferences such as the International Conference on Image and Video Retrieval (which became the ACM International Conference on Multimedia Retrieval), and the IEEE Workshop on Human Computer Interaction. He was also a founding member of the international advisory committee for the TRECVID video retrieval evaluation project, chair of the steering committee for the ACM International Conference on Multimedia Retrieval and a member of the ACM SIGMM Executive Committee (the highest board of the SIGMM). In addition, his work on convolutional fusion networks in deep learning won the best paper award at the 23rd International Conference on Multimedia Modeling. His work is frequently cited in both scientific and popular news sources.
Published works
Books by Michael Lew include:
Principles of Visual Information Retrieval, Springer-Verlag, London, 2001.
Robust Computer Vision, Kluwer, London, 2003.
Computer Vision in Human Computer Interaction, Springer-Verlag, London, 2006.
Representative Papers by Michael Lew include:
Learning and Feature Selection in Stereo Matching, Michael Lew, et al., IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence, pp. 869–881, 1994.
Toward Improved Ranking Metrics, Michael Lew, et al., IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence, pp. 1132–1143, 2000.
Next Generation Web Searches for Visual Content, Michael Lew, IEEE Computer, pp. 46–53, 2000.
Content-based Multimedia Information Retrieval: State of the Art and Challenges, Michael Lew, et al., ACM Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications, pp. 1–19, 2006.
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Dutch computer scientists
Leiden University faculty
Zakaria Aboukhlal (; born 18 February 2000) is a Moroccan professional footballer who plays as forward for Ligue 1 club Toulouse. Born in the Netherlands, he represented the country at youth level before switching to the Morocco senior national team.
Club career
Aboukhlal made his professional debut for Jong PSV in a 2–1 Eerste Divisie win over FC Eindhoven on 17 August 2018.
In August 2019, after making only two appearances for PSV's senior side, Aboukhlal transferred to Eredivisie rivals AZ Alkmaar in a deal worth €2 million. In a match for Jong AZ on 9 December 2019, he scored all four of his team's goals in a win against Helmond Sport.
On 24 June 2022, Aboukhlal signed with French club Toulouse.
International career
Born in the Netherlands, Aboukhlal was born to a Libyan father and Moroccan mother. He is a former youth international for the Netherlands. He decided not to represent the Netherlands but Morocco national team for whom he was called up to represent in November 2020. Aboukhlal debuted for Morocco in a 4–1 2021 Africa Cup of Nations qualification win over the Central African Republic on 13 November 2020, and scored his side's fourth goal in his debut.
Career statistics
Scores and results list Morocco's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Aboukhlal goal.
References
External links
Career stats - Voetbal International
Ons Oranje O19 Profile
Ons Oranje O18 Profile
Ons Oranje O17 Profile
2000 births
Living people
Footballers from Gorinchem
Moroccan footballers
Dutch footballers
Morocco international footballers
Association football forwards
Netherlands youth international footballers
Moroccan people of Libyan descent
Dutch people of Libyan descent
Dutch sportspeople of Moroccan descent
PSV Eindhoven players
Jong PSV players
AZ Alkmaar players
Jong AZ players
Toulouse FC players
Eredivisie players
Eerste Divisie players
2021 Africa Cup of Nations players
Moroccan expatriate footballers
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
Saadat may refer to:
People
Saadat Ali Khan I
Saadat Ali Khan II
Saadat Hasan Manto
Saadat Saeed
Places
Sa'adat Abad
Saadat, Iran
See also
Anwar El Sadat
Sadat (disambiguation)
Sadat
LaGrange District Schoolhouse is a historic one-room school located at Freedom Plains, Dutchess County, New York. It was built about 1862, and is a one-story, rectangular frame building sheathed in clapboard. It has a front gable roof and sits on a stone foundation. It ceased operation as a school in 1942, and subsequently housed a local public library in the 1970s, and is now a local history museum.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Dutchess County, New York
References
History museums in New York (state)
One-room schoolhouses in New York (state)
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
School buildings completed in 1862
Schools in Dutchess County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Dutchess County, New York
Made in England is the twenty-fourth studio album by English musician Elton John, released in 1995. It was produced by John and Greg Penny, the first time since Leather Jackets without Chris Thomas. The album was dedicated to John's boyfriend and future husband David Furnish. It was also dedicated to the memory of Denis Gauthier and Peter Williams. It was the last album to feature regular percussionist Ray Cooper until 2016's Wonderful Crazy Night. Bob Birch became John's full-time recording and touring bass player and continued that role until his death in 2012.
The song "Please" was covered by bluegrass singer Rhonda Vincent and country singer Dolly Parton for the 2018 tribute album Restoration: Reimagining the Songs of Elton John and Bernie Taupin.
Background
While still promoting his work for The Lion King soundtrack, in September 1994, five months before its release as a single, Elton John debuted "Believe" during the opening night of a concert tour with Ray Cooper in Phoenix, AZ. "Believe" reached No. 15 in the UK and No. 13 in the US, and was the only American hit from the album to reach the top 20. During November, John toured Brazil, Argentina, Chile, Peru, Switzerland, Poland, France, Italy, the UK, and Japan, and other countries two months later. Several songs from the album made it to the tour's playlist, including "Believe", "Made in England", "House", "Blessed", "Lies" and "Pain".
A few special notes about some of the songs: on "Belfast", the song originally ended simply with John singing the last line, "Belfast". In an interview with fan magazine East End Lights some time later, arranger Paul Buckmaster (in his first project with John since 1978's A Single Man) said he thought the song needed a more uplifting end, and added the outro, making it sound as if it were being played in an Irish pub somewhere up the road. John reportedly was initially wary of the idea, but Buckmaster said he changed his mind upon hearing it and approved the new coda for the final version; George Martin, who owned AIR Studios London where the album was recorded, wrote the horn and string arrangement on "Latitude"; and John and Guy Babylon are credited as arrangers on "Man", which also includes organ by Squeeze and Mike + The Mechanics frontman Paul Carrack.
Singles
Track listing
Outtakes
There are many outtakes from Made in England. These songs include "Building a Bird", "Leaves", "Hell", "Skin", "Tick-Tock", "Undone", "Red", "Live Like Horses", an alternate version of "Belfast", and an alternate version of "Believe". "Red" was later released on the French compilation Sol En Si, and a version of "Live Like Horses" was later released on The Big Picture. "Building a Bird" was recorded by Nigel Olsson for his 2001 Move the Universe CD, released only in Japan. "Hell" and the original cut of "Live Like Horses" have circulated on YouTube. The remaining outtakes have yet to circulate.
Personnel
Elton John – lead and backing vocals, acoustic piano (1-7, 9-11), harmonium (7), keyboards (8), string arrangements (9)
Guy Babylon – keyboards, programming, backing vocals (8), string arrangements (9)
Teddy Borowiecki – accordion (6)
Paul Carrack – Hammond organ (9)
Davey Johnstone – guitars, mandolin, banjo, backing vocals (8)
Bob Birch – bass, backing vocals (8)
Charlie Morgan – drums
Ray Cooper – percussion
Paul Brennan – pipes, flute (6)
Dermont Crehan – violin (6)
Paul Buckmaster – orchestral arrangements and conductor (1, 3, 4, 6)
George Martin – string and French horn arrangements (7), conductor (7)
Gavyn Wright – orchestra leader (6), conductor (9)
The London Session Orchestra – orchestra (1, 3, 4, 6, 7, 9)
Production
Elton John – producer
Greg Penny – producer, mixing
Jon Ingoldsby – recording, mixing
Andy Strange – assistant engineer
Chris Bellman – mastering at Bernie Grundman Mastering (Hollywood, California).
Adrian Collee – studio coordination
Steve Brown – album coordination
Pete Mills – drum and guitar technician
Bill Harrison – percussion technician
Greg Gorman – photography
Wherefore Art? – design
John Reid – management
Accolades
Grammy Awards
|-
|1996 || "Believe" || Best Pop Vocal Performance – Male ||
|-
American Music Awards
|-
| style="width:35px; text-align:center;"|1996 || Elton John (performer) || Favorite Pop/Rock Male Artist||
|-
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications and sales
References
External links
1995 albums
Elton John albums
Albums produced by Greg Penny
Albums produced by Elton John
Island Records albums
The Rocket Record Company albums
Albums arranged by Paul Buckmaster
Albums arranged by George Martin
Albums conducted by George Martin
Chueca is a municipality located in the province of Toledo, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2014 census, the municipality has a population of 271 inhabitants.
References
External links
Municipalities in the Province of Toledo
William Burt (23 August 1778 – 1 September 1826) was an English miscellaneous writer, son of Joseph Burt of Plymouth. He was educated at Exeter grammar school, and afterwards articled to a banker and solicitor at Bridgwater. Finally he practised at Plymouth as a solicitor until his death on 1 September 1826. He edited the Plymouth and Dock Telegraph for several years.
Works
Twelve Rambles in London, by Amicus Patriæ (1810)
Desultory Reflections on Banks in general, and the System of keeping up a False Capital by Accommodation (1810)
The Consequences of the French Revolution to England considered, with a view of the Remedies of which her situation is susceptible (1811)
A Review of the Mercantile, Trading, and Manufacturing State, Interests, and Capabilities of the Port of Plymouth (1816)
Preface to and Notes on N. T. Carrington's Poem “Dartmoor (1826)
Christianity; a Poem, in Three Books, with Miscellaneous Notes (1835)
Observations on the Curiosities of Nature (1836)
References
English solicitors
Writers from Plymouth, Devon
1778 births
1826 deaths
19th-century English non-fiction writers
English male non-fiction writers
19th-century English male writers
The Regiment Huzaren van Boreel is an armoured regiment of the Royal Netherlands Army, named for . It currently serves in the armoured Intelligence, Surveillance, Target Acquisition, Reconnaissance (ISTAR) role; the regiment provides armoured reconnaissance squadrons assigned to the 43 Mechanised Brigade, 13 Light Brigade and 11 Airmobile Brigades. An STA artillery unit, an electronic warfare unit, Human Intelligence (HUMINT) unit and imagery intelligence unit are all formed into a single battalion attached to the Combat Support Brigade.
Armoured reconnaissance
The most important role of the regiment Huzaren van Boreel is armoured reconnaissance. To perform this task, the regiment has two brigade reconnaissance squadrons, one per mechanized brigade: 42 BVE (Brigade Verkennings Eskadron) for the 13th Mechanized Brigade, 43 BVE for the 43rd Mechanized Brigade.
The current motto of these units is "See without being seen", as opposed to the cold-war-era "Find, Bind and Strike", where the units would find the enemy, engage them, deliver an artillery strike, and speed off (the goal was to delay the Soviets long enough for NATO troops to arrive). With the new philosophy, the combat task of these units has faded away. Where the units were previously armed with tanks, AIFVs and even their own artillery, nowadays they are equipped with the state-of-the-art Fennek reconnaissance vehicle.
A BVE typically consists of three reconnaissance platoons with eight vehicles each, 24 people total, an anti-tank platoon equipped with four Fennek MRAT (with the Spike medium-range anti-tank missile), a logistics platoon and a staff platoon. The two armoured reconnaissance squadrons of 103 ISTAR battalion, 103 and 104 GGVE (ground-based reconnaissance squadrons), are similarly equipped, but instead of an anti-tank section, they have three Fenneks to support a Tactical Air Control Party in the forward air-control role.
External links
Dutch Cavalry Museum
Huzaren van Boreel
Robert Neal Abberley (22 April 1944 – 8 August 2011) was an English first-class cricketer. A stalwart county player, he was a right-handed batsman and occasional right arm medium pace bowler.
He was born in Stechford, Birmingham and educated at Saltley Grammar School. He played for his native Warwickshire from 1964 to 1979.
He had a modest batting record (he averaged under 25 as a specialist batsman), and played over 250 times for the "Bears". He made 3 first-class hundreds, with the best of 117 not out against Essex and scored his only one day a hundred, 113 not out, against Hampshire.
He moved into coaching in 1980 after retiring from the game, initially as Warwickshire's Second XI coach and later with a 'roving brief' at all levels in the club. He was particularly involved in the development of Ian Bell and the England team wore black armbands in his honour during the Test against India at Edgbaston in the days following his death.
Playing career
Abberley made his first-class debut for Warwickshire in 1964 against Cambridge University, scoring a half-century in the drawn match. The following year, he made his County Championship debut against Yorkshire, but was unable to bat due to injury. In 1966, Abberley struck his first-class century, scoring 117 not out against Essex, the highest first-class score of his career. The 1966 season proved to be Abberley's most prolific in first-class cricket, with 1315 runs scored at an average of 28.58. He toured Pakistan with an Under 25 MCC side in 1966/67, in a squad featuring a number of current and future England stars such as Mike Brearley, Dennis Amiss, Alan Knott and Derek Underwood. Abberley scored 92 and 31 in his only match on this tour, against Central Zone.
References
1944 births
2011 deaths
Warwickshire cricketers
English cricketers
International Cavaliers cricketers
Cricketers from Birmingham, West Midlands
English cricket coaches
People educated at Saltley Grammar School
D. H. Robins' XI cricketers
English cricketers of 1946 to 1968
English cricketers of 1969 to 2000
Marylebone Cricket Club Under-25s cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club President's XI cricketers
Tears Roll Down (The Greatest Hits 82–92) is the greatest hits album by the English pop/rock band Tears for Fears. It was released on 2 March 1992 by Fontana Records. Preceded by the single "Laid So Low (Tears Roll Down)", the album contains the band's UK and international top-20 singles (except "Everybody Wants to Run the World"). It has been certified double platinum in the United Kingdom, platinum in the United States, and gold in several other countries including Canada, France and Germany.
Tears Roll Down originally peaked at number one in Italy, number two in the UK and France and reached the top 10 in several other countries upon its release, but re-entered the UK top 10 at number six in 2004 for several weeks following the success of Gary Jules' cover version of "Mad World".
A compilation video under the same title was also released in 1992, and later issued on DVD.
The album itself was reissued in 2004 as a 2-CD/1-DVD set under the "Sound+Vision Deluxe" line, and again in 2005 with a bonus disc containing several remixes. The compilation was eventually supplanted by another greatest hits package, Rule the World: The Greatest Hits, in 2017, and is now out of print.
Track listing
2004 Bonus Disc
2005 bonus remix disc
"Shout" (Skylark 12" Extended Club Mix) – 9:07
"Change" (Joey Negro Punkdisco Mix) – 7:42
"Head Over Heels" (Dave Bascombe 7" N. Mix) – 4:17
"Pale Shelter" (New Extended Version) – 7:09
"Laid So Low (Tears Roll Down)" (US Dance Mix) – 3:18
"Mothers Talk" (Beat of the Drum Mix) – 8:57
"Sowing the Seeds of Love" (Wen's Overnight Mix) – 6:48
"Shout" (Jakatta Thrilled-Out Mix) – 5:36
"Woman in Chains" (Jakatta Awakened Mix Radio Edit) – 3:45
"Mad World" (Afterlife Remix) – 5:18
"Everybody Wants to Rule the World" (The Chosen Few Remix) – 6:34
Notes
Track 3 is the "Remix" from the original 7" (1985).
Track 4 is the "Extended Version" from the re-released 12" (1983).
Track 5 is the original "Sowing the Seeds of Love" (1989) B-side "Tears Roll Down", the same version can be found on the Saturnine Martial & Lunatic compilation.
Track 7 is the "Full Version" from the 12" and CD single (1989).
2020 SACD
"Sowing the Seeds of Love" – 6:19
"Everybody Wants to Rule the World" – 4:10
"Woman in Chains" – 6:28
"Shout" – 6:33
"Head over Heels" – 4:14
"Mad World" – 3:29
"Pale Shelter" – 4:39
"I Believe" – 4:49
"Laid So Low (Tears Roll Down)" – 4:44
"Mothers Talk" – 4:59
"Change" – 3:54
"Advice for the Young at Heart" – 4:54
"Shout" (Skylark 12" Extended Club Mix) – 9:07
"Everybody Wants to Rule the World" (The Chosen Few Remix) – 6:34
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Video album
The video compilation of Tears Roll Down (The Greatest Hits 82–92) was released in 1992 in conjunction with the album, featuring an identical track list. It was reissued on DVD in 2003 with a different cover featuring a still from the "Sowing the Seeds of Love" promo video under Universal Music's "Classic Clips" imprint. After the Tears Roll Down album made a return to the UK top 10 in 2004, the DVD was reissued with the original white "sunflower" cover. The DVD release includes a 5.1 surround sound audio option as well as 2.0 stereo.
Track listing
"Sowing the Seeds of Love" – 6:19
"Everybody Wants to Rule the World" – 4:11
"Woman in Chains" – 6:28
"Shout" – 6:33
"Head over Heels" – 4:14
"Mad World" – 3:29
"Pale Shelter" – 4:39
"I Believe" – 4:50
"Laid So Low (Tears Roll Down)" – 4:44
"Mothers Talk" – 4:59
"Change" – 3:54
"Advice for the Young at Heart" – 4:54
References
Tears for Fears albums
1992 greatest hits albums
Fontana Records compilation albums
Mercury Records compilation albums
PolyGram compilation albums
PolyGram video albums
1992 video albums
Music video compilation albums
Albums produced by Chris Hughes (musician)
Albums produced by Tim Palmer
Madison County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. The 2020 census states the population is standing at 130,129. The county seat since 1836 has been Anderson, one of three incorporated cities within the county.
Madison County is included in the Indianapolis-Carmel-Anderson, IN Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
In 1787, the fledgling United States defined the Northwest Territory, which included the area of present-day Indiana. In 1800, Congress separated Ohio from the Northwest Territory, designating the rest of the land as the Indiana Territory. President Thomas Jefferson chose William Henry Harrison as the territory's first governor, and Vincennes was established as the territorial capital. After the Michigan Territory was separated and the Illinois Territory was formed, Indiana was reduced to its current size and geography. By December 1816 the Indiana Territory was admitted to the Union as a state.
Starting in 1794, Native American titles to Indiana lands were extinguished by usurpation, purchase, or war and treaty. The United States acquired land from the Native Americans in the 1809 treaty of Fort Wayne, and by the treaty of St. Mary's in 1818 considerably more territory became property of the government. This included the future Madison County, which was authorized by the state legislature on 4 January 1823, designating areas covered by the Delaware New Purchase. No settler was allowed in the area until the government survey was completed in 1820, and in 1820 the first settlers entered the future county.
The new county was named for James Madison, co-author of The Federalist Papers and the fourth President of the United States (1809 to 1817). The then-small settlement of Pendleton was named as the county, but its non-central location soon fostered a desire for a more central location as the county seat. After considerable local competition, the town of Anderson was platted in 1827 on donated land with the stipulation that the seat be moved to that location. This move began in 1828 and was completed by 1836.
The new county was completely wooded in 1820, with stands of white oak, poplar, walnut, sycamore, oak, and fir trees. The settlers logged much of the area and cleared the remainder through burning; at present its terrain is completely devoted to agriculture or urban development, except for stands of brush in drainages.
The county's first courthouse was authorized in the county's 1828 session, but this authorization was revoked in 1829. In 1831 a second authorization was passed, and the completed building was placed in service the following year.
During the Indiana gas boom, natural gas deposits were discovered in the county in 1887, at Alexandria, and Anderson. The offer of free natural gas brought several factories to the county.
Geography
The county's terrain is nearly flat, with the exception of hilly areas along the White River and Fall Creek. The highest terrain (around 1,010 feet/308 meters ASL) is a ridgeline at the county's SE corner. The county is drained by the west branch of the White River, flowing west-southwestward through the county's lower central portion. Other drainages include Fall Creek, flowing west- and southwestward through the southern part of the county; Pipe Creek, which rises in Delaware County and flows southwestward through the county's NW corner; and Lick Creek, which rises in Henry County and flows westward through the county's SW portion.
According to the 2010 United States Census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.78%) is land and (or 0.22%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Grant County - north
Delaware County - east
Henry County - southeast
Hancock County - south
Hamilton County - west
Tipton County - northwest
Protected areas
Mounds State Park
Cities
Alexandria
Anderson (county seat)
Elwood (part)
Towns
Chesterfield
Country Club Heights
Edgewood
Frankton
Ingalls
Lapel
Markleville
Orestes
Pendleton
River Forest
Summitville
Unincorporated towns
Alfont
Alliance
Bloomer
College Corner
Dundee
Edgewood Village
Emporia
Fishersburg
Florida
Gimco City
Hamilton
Hardscrabble
Huntsville
Idlewold
Leisure
Linwood
Moonville
New Columbus (also known as Ovid)
North Anderson
Ovid (also known as New Columbus)
Perkinsville
Prosperity
Rigdon
South Elwood
Sunview
Woodlawn Heights
Townships
Adams
Anderson
Boone
Duck Creek
Fall Creek
Green
Jackson
Lafayette
Monroe
Pipe Creek
Richland
Stony Creek
Union
Van Buren
Major highways
Interstate 69
U.S. Route 36
State Road 9
State Road 13
State Road 28
State Road 32
State Road 37
State Road 38
State Road 67
State Road 109
State Road 128
State Road 232
State Road 236
Railroads
Central Indiana and Western Railroad
CSX Transportation
Indian Creek Railroad
Norfolk Southern Railway
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Anderson have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in July.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The legislative branch of the county government; controls spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected to four-year terms from county districts. They set salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county; commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners execute acts legislated by the council, collect revenue, and manage the county government.
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that handles civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. These officers are elected to four-year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Madison County is part of Indiana's 5th congressional district; Indiana Senate districts 20, 25 and 26; and Indiana House of Representatives districts 35, 36 and 37.
Demographics
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 131,636 people, 51,927 households, and 34,319 families in the county. The population density was . There were 59,068 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 87.7% white, 8.3% black or African American, 0.4% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 1.5% from other races, and 1.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 21.5% were German, 12.5% were American, 11.5% were Irish, and 10.4% were English.
Of the 51,927 households, 31.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.4% were married couples living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 33.9% were non-families, and 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.93. The median age was 39.2 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $53,906. Males had a median income of $41,834 versus $31,743 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,722. About 11.2% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.6% of those under age 18 and 7.7% of those age 65 or over.
Education
School districts include:
Alexandria Community School Corporation
Anderson Community School Corporation
Elwood Community School Corporation
Frankton-Lapel Community Schools
Madison-Grant United School Corporation
South Madison Community School Corporation
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Madison County, Indiana
References
Further reading
Harden, Samuel. History of Madison County, Indiana, from 1820 to 1874: Giving a general review of principal events, statistical and historical items, derived from official sources.. Lewis Publishing Company (1874).
External links
We Are Madison County
The Madison County Council of Governments
Madison County Sheriffs Department
Madison County News
Madison County ALERT News
Madison County Government Center
List of Madison County Cemeteries
Indiana counties
1823 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1823
Indianapolis metropolitan area
Simbarashe Herbert Stanley Makoni (born 22 March 1950) is a Zimbabwean politician and was a candidate for the March 2008 presidential election against incumbent Robert Mugabe. He was Minister of Finance and Economic Development in President Robert Mugabe's cabinet from 2000 to 2002. He faced strong opposition during the Economic Change in Zimbabwe in the early 2000s as his policies contradicted those of the rest of the ZANU-PF party.
Background
Makoni trained as a chemist in the UK during the Second Chimurenga years. During his studies he represented the Zimbabwe African National Union in Europe. He earned his BSc at Leeds University and a PhD at Leicester Polytechnic in medicinal chemistry. He also owns a farm in Headlands, Zimbabwe.
Political career
First term in government
Makoni was appointed Deputy Minister of Agriculture at Zimbabwe's independence in 1980, when he was thirty years old. In 1981, he was moved to the position of Minister of Industry and Energy Development, where he remained until 1983.
SADC
In 1983, Makoni was elected as the Executive Secretary of the Southern African Development Community (SADC), serving in that post for ten years. A $25,000 scam that rocked SADC in 1993, resulted in the dismissal of three financial officers, who implicated Makoni. He accepted full responsibility as executive secretary, but denied any personal wrongdoing. Leaving SADC in 1994, Makoni became managing director of Zimbabwe Newspapers until 1997.
Second term in government
Makoni returned to the Cabinet as Minister of Finance by Mugabe on 15 July 2000, following the June 2000 parliamentary election. As Finance Minister, he supported the devaluation of the Zimbabwean dollar, a policy that was not favoured by Mugabe, and he was replaced by Herbert Murerwa in the cabinet named on 25 August 2002.
Presidential candidacy
From as early as 2003, was reported that Makoni was favoured by some in ZANU-PF and the opposition Movement for Democratic Change, as well as African mediators, as a potential replacement for Mugabe. In January 2008, the BBC reported that Simba Makoni might be nominated to run against Mugabe in the March 2008 presidential election. Makoni attempted to run in the concurrent 2008 parliamentary election as ZANU-PF's candidate for the House of Assembly from the constituency of Makoni Central, but he was barred from standing in the party primary (in which he would have faced then Justice Minister and current Finance Minister Patrick Chinamasa); it was judged that he had submitted his curriculum vitae too late to qualify.
On 5 February 2008, Simba Makoni held a press conference in Harare where he stated that he was challenging Robert Mugabe to become the next President of Zimbabwe. Up to that point he had remained a member of the ZANU-PF Politburo and the party's Deputy Secretary of Economic Affairs.
He told reporters, flanked by Ibo Mandaza and Retired Major Kudzai Mbudzi:
Makoni said that he would have liked to run as ZANU-PF's candidate, but since he could not, he was running as an independent. He later said that his conclusion that political change was necessary was not the result of a "St.-Paul-on-the-road-to-Damascus awakening. This has been a continuum, incremental, things have been building up."
Joseph Chinotimba, a war veteran who led the violent invasions of white owned farms in 2000, threatened Makoni with violence following the announcement of his candidature. A leading figure in ZANU-PF, Emmerson Mnangagwa, told ZBC TV that by choosing to stand for a position when the party had already chosen someone to stand for that position, Makoni had expelled himself from the party. The Herald newspaper denounced Makoni as being a pawn of the United Kingdom whose candidacy was being used in hopes of splitting the ZANU-PF vote so that Morgan Tsvangirai of the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) could win the election.
Speaking on 7 February, Makoni denied claims that he was a Western pawn or that he was being used by ZANU-PF itself to split the opposition vote. He also said that the ZANU-PF constitution did not provide for self-expulsion and that still considered himself a member of ZANU-PF until and unless he is expelled from the party through due process. Referring to support he claims to have inside ZANU-PF, he urged these supporters to "remain steadfast and not be intimidated". ZANU-PF spokesman Nathan Shamuyarira subsequently sought to clarify the matter by saying that Makoni was expelled from the party, in accordance with party rules providing for the expulsion of a member who challenges a designated ZANU-PF candidate in an election, and he said that anyone who supported Makoni would be expelled as well. Morgan Tsvangirai said on 11 February that Makoni was merely "old wine in a new bottle" and that he would not ally with Makoni for the election.
Mugabe spoke about Makoni's candidacy for the first time on 21 February, describing it as "absolutely disgraceful", comparing Makoni to a prostitute, and criticising Makoni for what he considered a self-important attitude.
When Makoni announced his candidature, he stated that many in ZANU-PF particularly the political "heavyweights" would publicly announce their support for him. This triggered intense speculation that the vice-president's husband and retired army commander, Solomon Mujuru would declare his support for him. However, no such heavyweights came forward. However, the following notable endorsements were made:
On 15 February, Arthur Mutambara, the leader of another MDC faction not led by Tsvangirai, said that he would not run for President and that his faction would instead back Makoni.
At the opening of Makoni's campaign on 29 February, former Interior Minister Dumiso Dabengwa and former Speaker of Parliament Cyril Ndebele were present to support him. Also present at White City hall where Makoni launched his campaign was Edgar Tekere who vowed to campaign against Mugabe until election time.
Fay Chung the former Zimbabwe Minister of Education and Culture and currently an independent candidate in the March 2008 senatorial elections has also formally endorsed Makoni.
Official results indicated that Makoni had received 8.3% of the vote, finishing third. He endorsed Morgan Tsvangirai for the runoff.
National Alliance for Democracy
Since the presidential elections, Makoni has several times indicated his intention to convert his Muvambo/Kusile/Dawn formation into a formal political party. On 22 July 2008, the formation's national management committee met and agreed to finalise the transformation of the project into a political party, to be known as the National Alliance for Democracy.
See also
Jonathan Moyo
Denford Magora
References
External links
Simba Makoni official campaign website
1950 births
Living people
Alumni of De Montfort University
ZANU–PF politicians
Finance Ministers of Zimbabwe
Government ministers of Zimbabwe
Zimbabwean chemists
Alumni of Leeds Beckett University
Southern African Development Community people
The Charity Bowl was a one-time postseason college football bowl game held on December 25, 1937, in Los Angeles, California. The game featured Fresno State and Central Arkansas. Fresno State won, 27–26.
Game result
References
Defunct college football bowls
1937–38 NCAA football bowl games
American football in Los Angeles
1937 in California
St. Mary's Hospital was a Catholic hospital founded in 1866 by the Sisters of Charity of the Incarnate Word in Galveston, Texas, United States; it was the first private hospital in Texas. The hospital was closed and sold in 1996 to the neighboring University of Texas Medical Branch.
See also
CHRISTUS Health
References
Catholic hospitals in North America
History of Galveston, Texas
Healthcare in Galveston, Texas
Hospitals established in 1866
Defunct companies based in Texas
Defunct hospitals in Texas
Companies disestablished in 1996
Hospitals disestablished in 1996
1866 establishments in Texas
The 2017 Northern Kyushu floods () was a disaster caused by a cloudburst that occurred in northern Kyushu in July 2017. On July 5, a heavy torrential rain, followed by a debris flow, hit Asakura, Fukuoka Prefecture and Hita, Oita Prefecture. According to an official of the Japan Fire and Disaster Management Agency, 36 people died, with 21 injured.
Overview
Tropical Storm Nanmadol dropped torrential rainfall across Kyushu, resulting in landslides, although the Fukuoka and Ōita Prefectures were the hardest hit. The city of Asakura, Fukuoka experienced a one-day rainfall surpassing the city's average total for July by 50%, with a rainfall of 500 mm (20 in) recorded within a 12-hour period on July 5. Landslides were recorded in 44 different locations and flooding in 38 locations, and from this, more than 2,600 homes were destroyed. In total, 42 people died from Nanmadol due to drowning from flash flooding or due to landslides. Total damages was estimated to have toppled to ¥190 billion (US$1.68 billion).
Tropical Storm Nanmadol
The JMA issued a heavy rain warning for Shimane Prefecture and neighboring areas, in which the government had urged 20,000 residents to evacuate. On July 3, the Sasebo City Emergency Management Bureau activated a total of 30 emergency shelters. The government dispatched a total of 12,000 rescuers, including police officers, firefighters and the Self-Defense Forces troops, in preparation for post-storm relief. On July 10, the Kyushu Railway Company began a bus service to aid residents trapped in some areas along the currently suspended Kyudai Main Line; this included areas between Ukiha Station in Fukuoka Prefecture and Hita Station, Ōita Prefecture, where an iron bridge spanning a river was washed away by floodwaters. Due to the threat of further landslides, the West Nippon Expressway Company extended a closure of the Ōita Expressway. Trees with trunks of 50–60 cm (19.7–23.6 in) were washed away, blocking the water stream further and exacerbating floods. Therefore, on July 11, Forestry Minister Yuji Yamamoto pledged to set up a task force to remove driftwood. Meanwhile, an official at the University of Hyogo warned other municipalities of potential damage caused by fallen trees.
Peak windspeeds of were recorded in Nagasaki upon landfall, including a wind gust in the Shikoku town of Muroto just after 05:30 UTC. Strong winds overturned vehicles, collapsed scaffolding, and left 68,500 homes without power in Nagasaki and Kumamoto prefectures; other blackouts occurred in the prefectures of Ōita, Miyazaki and Kagoshima. Around 3,000 airline passengers were affected by the grounding and cancellation of at least 47 flights. Heavy rains and strong winds disrupted numerous train services including the iconic Shinkansen, between Hakata and Kagoshima-Chuo in Kyushu. Evacuation advisories were issued to at least 20,000 residents due to fears of possible flooding and landslides, especially in the Niigata, Toyama and Nagano prefectures that had experienced rainfall accumulations of up to in the preceding hours. In Hamada, Shimane, over fell in an hour.
At least three people were injured during the storm—a young boy's hand was injured when a school window broke in the city of Kumamoto, and two adults in Ōita prefecture sustained injuries from falls as a result of the strong winds. About 180 people took shelter at a junior high school gymnasium in Asakura. Within the prefecture, of rain fell in an hour, greatly contributing to a 24-hour rainfall total of . A later report showed that the prefecture experienced a total accumulated rainfall of . The city of Hita, Ōita also experienced extreme rainfall, with accumulations of . However the prefecture of Fukuoka experienced an incredible amount of of rain within the course of nine hours on July 5. Due to the risk of landslides, an evacuation order which covered 316 people from 115 households was issued in the Haki District of Asakura, due to high risk of landslides. Throughout the Fukuoka and Ōita Prefectures, 1,724 people evacuated. More than 2,600 homes were destroyed by Nanmadol around the Fukuoka, Oita, and the Hiroshima prefectures, but a later report showed a total of 4,458 buildings damaged. Nearly a week after the flooding had begun, some roads were already reopened over in some communities in the Fukuoka Prefecture. During July 12, the Japanese Prime Minister Shinzō Abe canceled a trip to Estonia for a European tour and instead visited devastated places over in the Kyushu region to view the damage and console residents. He also promised that the government would take action and do everything possible to help rebuild.
A total of 42 people have been confirmed dead due to torrential rains which caused landslides and flooding, particularly in Kyushu, where two still remained missing and leaving 39 people injured. Total damages in Japan were amounted to be ¥190 billion (US$1.68 billion).
References
See also
Tropical Storm Nanmadol (2017)
Floods in Japan
Landslides in Japan
History of Fukuoka Prefecture
History of Ōita Prefecture
July 2017 events in Japan
Court Yard Hounds is the debut studio album by American country duo the Court Yard Hounds, founded as a side project of the Dixie Chicks by sisters Emily Robison and Martie Maguire. The album was released on May 4, 2010 via Columbia Records. It was mainly recorded in Maguire's home studio in Austin, and co-produced with Jim Scott (who was also the Grammy-winning sound mixer/engineer on the Dixie Chicks' latest album Taking the Long Way and Playlist: The Best of the Dixie Chicks).
Promotion
On February 10, 2010, the album became available for pre-order. Additionally, four tracks from the album – "Delight (Something New Under the Sun)," "The Coast," "Fear of Wasted Time," and "Ain't No Son" – were available for download to those who pre-ordered the album. The duo made their first public appearance on March 18, 2010 at the Americana Music Association's SXSW showcase, with a tour to follow.
The group's debut single, "The Coast," was released on March 30, 2010 and served as the lead-off single for the album.
The group made their first appearance at SXSW in Austin, TX in 2010. Their first tour was as part of Lilith Fair on July 15, 2010. They are scheduled for around 10 dates on the tour.
Track listing
This Track List was confirmed by their Official Website on February 10, 2010.
Martie Maguire sings lead on her composition, "Gracefully". Lead vocals on all other songs are performed by Emily Robison.
Personnel
Adapted from allmusic
Court Yard Hounds
Martie Maguire: Fiddle, Mandolin, Viola, Lead Vocals, Background Vocals
Emily Robison: Acoustic Guitar, Electric Guitar, Resonator Guitar, Dobro, Banjo, Pump Organ, Lead Vocals, Background Vocals
Additional personnel
Jakob Dylan: Duet Vocals on "See You in the Spring"
Mike Finnigan: Piano
Audley Freed: Acoustic Guitar, Electric Guitar, Twelve-String Guitar, Slide Guitar
Martin Strayer: Acoustic Guitar, Electric Guitar, Piano
Greg Leisz: Steel Guitar
Lloyd Maines: Steel Guitar, Dobro, Mandolin
Jerry Holmes: Autoharp
Glen Fukunaga: Acoustic Bass
George Reiff: Bass guitar
Don Heffington: Drums, Percussion
Pat Manske: Percussion
Tom Hale: French Horn
Brian Standefer: Cello
Production
Adapted from allmusic:
Produced By Emily Robison, Martie Maguire & Jim Scott
Recording Engineers: Les Banks, Pat Manske, Jim Scott & Kevin Szymanski
Additional Recording Engineered By Kevin Dean & Adam Odor
Mixed By Jim Scott
Mastered By Richard Dodd
Chart performance
Court Yard Hounds debuted at #7 on the U.S. Billboard 200, with 61,119 copies sold in its first week. The album has sold approximately 500,000 copies in the United States.
References
2010 debut albums
Columbia Records albums
Court Yard Hounds albums
The Gallery & Palace () is a residential skyscraper complex located in Luzhu District, Taoyuan City, Taiwan. The complex comprises two skyscraper buildings completed in 2006, with a height of that comprise 29 floors above ground, as well as 3 basement levels. The complex contains 188 apartment units. As of December 2021, they are the tallest buildings in Luzhu District and 6th tallest in Taoyuan City. Facilities of the condominium include two swimming pools, sauna rooms, gymnasiums, as well as entertainment and leisure facilities, such as billiard rooms, badminton and squash courts, and yoga rooms.
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Taiwan
List of the tallest buildings in Taoyuan City
ChungYuet Royal Landmark
References
2006 establishments in Taiwan
Residential skyscrapers in Taiwan
Skyscrapers in Taoyuan
Buildings and structures in Taoyuan City
Apartment buildings in Taiwan
Residential buildings completed in 2006
Neoclassical architecture in Taiwan
For information on all Monmouth University sports, see Monmouth Hawks
The Monmouth Hawks men's soccer team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Monmouth University in West Long Branch, New Jersey, United States. The team is a member of the Colonial Athletic Association, which is part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division I. Monmouth's first men's soccer team was fielded in 1982. The team plays its home games at Hesse Field in West Long Branch, New Jersey. The Hawks are coached by Robert McCourt.
Roster
As of February 4, 2017.
Captains in bold
Seasons
Postseason
NCAA tournament results
Monmouth has appeared in six NCAA Tournaments. Their best performance was reaching the second round in 2009 and in 2011. Their most recent appearance was in 2014.
Individual achievements
All-Americans
Monmouth has produced four All-Americans. The most recent All-American came in 2011.
Individual records
Career records
References
1982 establishments in New Jersey
Soccer clubs in New Jersey
Isaac Caldiero (born March 2, 1982) is an American athlete, rock climber and carpenter, who competed on American Ninja Warrior in seasons five, six, seven, and ten. He is best known for finishing all four stages of the National Finals course in season seven and becoming one of the first three Americans (along with Geoff Britten, David Campbell in SASUKE Vietnam 2, and later Drew Drechsel in season 11) to achieve what is known as "Total Victory". Caldiero was awarded a $1,000,000 cash prize after completing Stage 4 in a faster time than Geoff Britten.
Career
Carpentry
Caldiero is a carpenter by trade.
Rock climbing
Caldiero, a rock climber, has made first ascents and free-solos. He started climbing at the age of 15, and bouldering at 17, and specializes in highball bouldering. He became one of the first to ropeless climb a , on one of the first 5.14a established climbs in the U.S., "The Present" in southern Utah.
Ninja competitions
Caldiero first competed on American Ninja Warrior in season five, making it to the National Finals in Las Vegas. He successfully locked into the fourth obstacle of Stage 1, the Jumping Spider; however, he could not maintain his grip and fell before he completed the obstacle, later calling this a "wardrobe malfunction".
In season six, Caldiero performed well enough to again advance to the National Finals. He was able to complete Stage 1 of the Finals course, but failed on Stage 2's Double Salmon Ladder, ending his season.
Caldiero returned to Ninja Warrior in season seven and again advanced to the National Finals. He became the first competitor to finish Stage 3; fellow competitor Geoff Britten also finished the third Stage and advanced to Stage 4 along with Caldiero. Britten and Caldiero both completed the Stage 4 rope climb in the allotted time; Britten ran first, while Caldiero ran second and completed the Stage with a faster time. Because Caldiero's climb was faster, he was declared the season's official winner, and he received the title of the first "American Ninja Warrior." Because Britten ran first, however, some fans and competitors considered him to be the "first American Ninja Warrior"; Joe Moravsky stated: "In my opinion, Geoff is technically the first American Ninja Warrior and Isaac is the second. The only difference is Isaac climbed it faster so he gets the million and won the season." Caldiero, however, believed the dispute was unnecessary, saying "There is no distinction, it's the same title. There are pictures of me holding the trophy that says I'm the first American Ninja Warrior. I think they are trying to give him a moment too because he does deserve it, but as far as the rules go, there is one title. It's an all or nothing deal. If you look at other sports, if Michael Phelps beats everyone in the Olympics by a fraction of the second that's the way it is, even if everyone else 'finishes the course'." Caldiero has also been referred to as the "first American Ninja Warrior champion."
In season eight, Caldiero did not return to the competition. Instead, he served as a spokesman for the series and its sponsor, POM Wonderful. It was revealed that he would make a return to Ninja Warrior by participating in the celebrity special of Ninja Warrior Germany in November 2017.
On April 24, 2018, Caldiero confirmed he would come out of retirement to compete in season ten of Ninja Warrior in the Indianapolis region. While he cleared the qualifying course, he fell early in the Indianapolis city finals and was unable to qualify for the National Finals in Las Vegas.
Synergy Climbing and Ninja
Caldiero is collaborating with Lisa Rands and Tennessee Bouldering Authority to open Synergy Climbing and Ninja, a bouldering, ninja training and fitness center in Chattanooga, TN.
Personal life
Despite having won the $1,000,000 prize from Ninja Warrior, he continues to live a simple lifestyle, often in a 1978 RV and off less than $10,000 a year. He currently resides in Chattanooga, Tennessee.
References
Living people
American Ninja Warrior contestants
American rock climbers
American carpenters
1982 births
Justice Hubbell may refer to:
Levi Hubbell, associate justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court
Webster Hubbell, chief justice of the Arkansas Supreme Court
Nicholas Alexander Simmons (born December 18, 1999), known professionally as YBN Nahmir, is an American rapper. He is best known for his singles "Rubbin Off the Paint" which charted at number 46 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, "Bounce Out with That", which peaked at number one on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart, and "Opp Stoppa" (solo and/or with 21 Savage on the remix) which peaked at number 78 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
Early life
Simmons was born on December 18, 1999, in Birmingham, Alabama. He was raised in a home with his mother, his cousins and his aunt. Simmons attended Clay-Chalkville High School in Clay, Alabama, though dropped out following the success of "Rubbin Off the Paint;" he graduated in May 2018.
Simmons' interest in music started when he was fourteen years old and was gifted an Xbox 360 for Christmas. Simmons began to play the video game Rock Band (which he would later use to record his first song.) and eventually moved to playing Grand Theft Auto V and then started recording gameplay videos where he would generate a following on YouTube. During his time playing Grand Theft Auto V, Simmons would freestyle in Xbox Live parties and alongside numerous other friends, established the Young Boss Niggas collective.
Career
Simmons formed the hip hop collective YBN (an acronym for Young Boss Niggas) in Birmingham, Alabama in 2014 composed by him, YBN Almighty Jay, YBN Cordae, YBN Glizzy, his cousin YBN Manny, YBN Walker, YBN Nicky Baandz, YBN Malik, YBN Carl and YBN Dayday.
Simmons uploaded his first song onto YouTube when he was fifteen with fellow YBN member, YBN Almighty Jay. The song, titled "Hood Mentality" was uploaded on March 21, 2015, to barely any reception. Simmons uploaded several more songs to YouTube before releasing his first mixtape on January 2, 2017, titled Believe In The Glo on SoundCloud. Simmons uploaded his second mixtape to SoundCloud on January 21, 2017.
Simmons released "Rubbin Off the Paint" on September 18, 2017, to WorldStarHipHop's YouTube channel. The song quickly went viral with Simmons explaining it as "blowing up overnight." After the success of the song, Simmons was pulled out of school due to his exceptional popularity and forced to start online classes. The song debuted at 79 on the Billboard Hot 100 and peaked at 46.
In November 2017, Simmons was involved in controversy following his song being claimed by a record label after his manager sold the instrumental for the song to a third party. In response, Simmons now has an in-house producer for his instrumentals who are a member of the YBN collective. Simmons released six more tracks in 2017.
On January 23, 2018, Simmons released "Bounce Out with That" on Lyrical Lemonade's YouTube channel. The song wasn't available on streaming services for up to three days after the release of the music video. The song has accumulated over 159 million views on YouTube after its release.
In April 2018, Simmons signed with Atlantic Records. He was later named as one of the members of XXL's "2018 Freshman Class" on June 12, 2018, competing in a cypher with Stefflon Don and Wifisfuneral.
On July 13, 2018, Simmons announced via Twitter he would do a Tour in Europe in the fall 2018 with Almighty Jay and Cordae. They would visit France, Germany, Poland, Sweden and more. The collective YBN released YBN: The Mixtape in 2018 with Gucci Mane, MGK and Lil Skies, between others.
On March 22, 2019, he released "Baby 8". On June 10, 2019, he released a music video called "Opp Stoppa".
On March 26, 2021, Simmons released his debut album Visionland.
On July 9, 2022, Simmons has confirmed to have signed a new recording deal with Def Jam Recordings, making him the second artist to draft instantly to the latter from Atlantic Records since Fabolous in 2006.
Musical style
Nahmir lists his main influences as rappers from the San Francisco Bay Area such as E-40. Talking on his influences in an interview with Billboard, Simmons stated that the lack of mainstream rappers from Birmingham made him listen to more artists from the West Coast such as Eazy-E and Tupac.
Personal life
Simmons currently resides in Los Angeles, California. In August 2018, he began a relationship with social media influencer Sahlt. In 2021, it was announced that the two had ended their relationship.
Discography
Studio albums
Extended Plays
Mixtapes
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Notes
References
External links
Rappers from Alabama
Living people
African-American male rappers
1999 births
Musicians from Birmingham, Alabama
Atlantic Records artists
21st-century American rappers
21st-century American male musicians
Twitch (service) streamers
21st-century African-American musicians
People from Clay, Alabama
Songwriters from Alabama
21st-century African-American men
This is a list of the Estonia national football team results from 1991 to 2009.
Results
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
See also
Estonia national football team results (1920–1940)
Estonia national football team results (2010–2019)
Estonia national football team results (2020–present)
Estonia national football team all-time record
List of Estonia international footballers
References
External links
All matches of the Estonia national football team
football results
Danish Open may refer to:
Denmark Open a badminton tournament
Danish Open (golf) a defunct golf tournament
Danish Open (tennis) a WTA tennis tournament for women
Recast may refer to:
Recast (comics), a Korean comic
Recast (language teaching), a language teaching technique
Recast (manhwa), a six-volume manhwa series
Amazon Fire TV Recast, an over-the-air DVR
Recasting (EU Law), a method of updating EU legislation.
See also
Casting (disambiguation)
The Maguindanao Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Maguindanao.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each having five seats. A voter votes up to five names, with the top five candidates per district being elected. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Maguindanao., with the exception that Cotabato City, an independent component city, is excluded in the first district.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL). Maguindanao's provincial board also has a reserved seat for its indigenous people (IPMR).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Lester Sinsuat (PDP–Laban)
References
Politics of Maguindanao
Provincial boards in the Philippines
"Game Over" is a song by French singer Vitaa, featuring vocals from Congolese-French rapper and singer Maître Gims. It was released as the lead single from Vitaa's third album, Ici et maintenant. Released on 23 September 2013, the song hit number one on the SNEP singles chart on 2 November 2013, becoming Vitaa's first number one song and Maître Gims' second.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2013 singles
2013 songs
Songs written by Renaud Rebillaud
SNEP Top Singles number-one singles
Songs written by Gims
The El-Infitah Movement (; ; ) is a minor political party in Algeria, led by Naima Farhi.
History and profile
The party was established as the Algerian National Youth Movement in 1997. It was renamed as El Infitah before the 2007 elections. It has a nationalist and progressive political leaning. Its president is Omar Bouacha and the secretary general is Naima Farhi.
In the 17 May 2007 People's National Assembly elections, the party won 3 out of 389 seats.
References
1997 establishments in Algeria
Political parties established in 1997
Political parties in Algeria
Amy Vachon (1978) is an American basketball coach and a former player. A long-time assistant at the University of Maine, Vachon took over as head coach following Richard Barron's medical absence began on January 6. As interim head coach, Vachon led the 2016-17 Lady Black Bears to an 11-6 record, including a trip to the finals of the 2017 America East women's basketball tournament. In April 2017, she was named interim head coach for the 2017–18 season. Following the end of the regular season, one in which Maine was named the America East conference regular season champion, Vachon was named Maine's permanent head coach.
Playing career
Vachon attended Cony High School and was twice Gatorade Player of the Year. Vachon is the daughter of long-time Cony high school head coach Paul Vachon. While in high school, Vachon played on two-state championships teams and was a four-year All-State Basketball Selection and a two-time Gatorade Player of the Year. Vachon was honored as Miss Maine Basketball and the High School Athlete of the Year in 1996. She spent four seasons as a player at Maine, during which time she became one of the all-time assistant leaders in women's college basketball history. Vachon, who was inducted into the Maine Sports Hall of Fame in 2016, holds Maine records for the most assists in a season (234). She also holds the Maine and America East record for assists in a career with 759. When hired in 2011, she ranked 22nd all-time in NCAA history in career assists. Vachon earned a spot on the America East All-Tournament Team in 1999.
Head coaching record
References
External links
University of Maine Biography
1979 births
Date of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American women's basketball coaches
American women's basketball players
Basketball coaches from Maine
Basketball players from Maine
Maine Black Bears women's basketball coaches
Maine Black Bears women's basketball players
Sportspeople from Augusta, Maine
The Port of Manila () refers to the collective facilities and terminals that process maritime trade function in harbors in Metro Manila. Located in the Port Area and Tondo districts of Manila, Philippines facing the Manila Bay, it is the largest and the premier international shipping gateway to the country. The Philippine Ports Authority, a government-owned corporation, manages the Port of Manila and most of the public ports in the country. It is composed of 3 major facilities, namely Manila North Harbor, Manila South Harbor, and the Manila International Container Terminal.
History
Trade in Manila Bay dates at least ninth to twelfth centuries when Manila traded with neighboring countries including China and Japan, with ties to India through the areas that are now Malaysia and Indonesia. During the Spanish Colonial Era of the Philippines Manila handled trade with China and other East Asian countries, with Mexico, with Arab countries, and directly with Spain from the 16th to mid-19th century when the port was opened to all trade. This was the galleon trade that connected the Philippines to Spain via Mexico, another Spanish territory. From the end of the galleon trade, through the American Colonial Era of the Philippines and Philippine independence, until today, the Port of Manila has been the main port of the Philippines for both domestic and international trade.
The port is part of the Maritime Silk Road that runs from the Chinese coast to the south via Singapore towards the southern tip of India, to Mombasa, then through the Suez Canal to the Mediterranean with its connections to Central and Eastern Europe.
Location
The entrance to Manila Bay is wide and expands to a width of . Mariveles, in the province of Bataan, is an anchorage just inside the northern entrance, and Sangley Point is the former location of Cavite Naval Base. On either side of the bay are volcanic peaks topped with tropical foliage. to the north is the Bataan Peninsula and to the south is the province of Cavite.
Facilities
Manila North Harbor
Manila North Harbor (seaport code:MNN), occupies a area in Tondo, Manila and is operated by the Manila North Harbour Port Inc., a subsidiary of International Container Terminal Services Inc. It has 7 piers (numbered with even numbers: 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12 and 14). North Harbor is through Radial Road 10.
The North Port Passenger Terminal, opened in 2013, can accommodate 2–3 million passengers sailing on inter-island ferries to cities throughout the archipelago. It is the main hub of 2GO ferry company, the largest inter-island ferry company in the Philippines.
Manila South Harbor
Manila South Harbor (seaport code:MNS), is a port facility located in Port Area, Manila operated by Asian Terminals Incorporated, with 5 piers numbered with odd-numbers 3, 5, 9, 13 and 15. It is accessible through Bonifacio Drive and has a passenger terminal located between Pier 13 and 15 namely Eva Macapagal Super Terminal. It was formerly the main hub of 2GO ferry company. As of April 29, 2014, The management has installed a new Liebherr quay crane to increase the efficiency of Manila South Harbor.
Manila International Container Terminal
Manila International Container Terminal (seaport code:MNL) is operated by International Container Terminal Services Inc. It is one of Asia's major seaports and one of the Philippines' most active ports. It is located between the Manila North Harbor and the Manila South Harbor and can be accessed by road through MICT South Access Road.
In 2019, Manila International Container Terminal ranked 29th in the list of world's busiest container ports with Twenty-foot equivalent units (TEUs) of 5,315. Inaugurated on July 7, 2012, Berth 6 became fully operational and increased the Port's annual capacity by 450,000 TEUs.
'
Future plans
With Berth 6 in operation, ICTSI is scheduled to finish Phase 1 development of Yard 7 by yearend and increase MICT's import capacity by 18 percent.
South of Metro Manila, ICTSI's Laguna Gateway Inland Container Terminal (LGICT) has finished its Phase 1 development. The inland container depot (ICD), which serves as an extension of the MICT, adds 250,000 TEUs to MICT's annual capacity. It will be connected to Manila through the revival of the Manila-Calamba cargo intermodal system, which ceased operations in 2000 due to lower demand.
Transportation and infrastructure connections
Buses
Since the implementation of Rationalized Bus Routes in Metro Manila, the Port Area is directly served by buses plying the route between Monumento in Caloocan and PITX in Parañaque using Roxas and Mel Lopez Boulevards.
Access to/from the NLEX
The NLEX Harbor Link, an expressway that connects with the main line North Luzon Expressway (NLEX) at the Smart Connect Interchange in Valenzuela up to Radial Road 10 (R-10) in Navotas, serves as an alternative road to the Manila North Harbor especially for the cargo trucks entering the port coming from Northern and Central Luzon, without a truck ban, and also eases traffic congestion at A. Bonifacio Avenue and 5th Avenue.
Future projects
Pier 4 LRT station
The Pier 4 station is the future western terminus of Manila Light Rail Transit System Line 2 (LRT-2). It will be constructed near the North Port Passenger Terminal located at Pier 4 of Manila North Harbor along Mel Lopez Boulevard. The west extension of LRT-2 will also serve as a rail transport connection to the Port of Manila.
North-South Harbor Bridge
The Department of Public Works and Highways (DPWH) is also proposing to construct a bridge crossing the Pasig River between North Harbor and South Harbor.
NLEX-CAVITEX Port Expressway Link / Harbor Link Port Access Mobility Facility
A proposed expressway in NLEX–CAVITEX Port Expressway Link or Harbor Link Port Access Mobility Facility is being planned to connect the existing Navotas Interchange of NLEX Harbor Link to Manila–Cavite Expressway (CAVITEX) or Anda Circle, respectively. It will run above the existing alignment of Mel Lopez Boulevard.
See also
Battle of Manila (1945)
Naval Base Manila
List of East Asian ports
North Port Passenger Terminal
Port Area, Manila
References
Further reading
Port of Manila: Review and History World Port Source, 2005–2014
External links
Manila North Harbor Port
Manila South Harbor
Manila International Container Terminal
AAPA- Statistics
Manila
Manila Bay
Transportation in Manila
Buildings and structures in Port Area, Manila
Buildings and structures in Tondo, Manila
Transportation in Luzon
Spanish colonial infrastructure in the Philippines
The 2009–10 LEN Euroleague was the 47th edition of Europe's premier club water polo competition. It lasted between 9 October 2009 and 15 May 2010.
Format
The Euroleague is run in five phases:
First qualifying round, played as a single round robin tournament at the site of one of the teams competing (2 groups of 4, 2 groups of 5)
Second qualifying round, played as a single round robin tournament at the site of one of the teams competing (4 groups of 4)
Group (or preliminary) stage, played as a double round robin, home and away (4 groups of 4)
Quarterfinals, played as a knockout round on aggregate, home and away
Final Four, played as a single knockout tournament at a neutral site (Semifinals, 3rd place game, and final)
Seeding
Seeded countries
The eight countries with the best placed team in the preliminary rounds, or main group stage, in the previous year's competition, 2008–09 LEN Euroleague are seeded for this year's competition. Each seeded country earns 1 place in the main group stage, 1 place in the second qualifying round, and 1 place in the first qualifying round. These countries are:
Unseeded countries
All other countries were invited to enter up to two clubs into the first qualifying round.
Entries
First qualifying round
Group A (Šibenik)
Group B (Marseille)
Group C (Berlin)
Group D (Košice)
Second qualifying round
Group E (Eger)
Group F (Budva)
Group G (Naples)
Group G (Athens)
Preliminary round
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Knockout stage
Quarter-finals
The first legs were played on 24 March, and the second legs were played on 14 April 2010.
Final Four (Naples)
Final standings
Awards
External links
, Ligue européenne de natation, 5 August 2008.
Notes
Champions League
2009 in water polo
2010 in water polo
LEN Champions League seasons
Katharine Sophie Viner (born January 1971) is a British journalist and playwright. She became the first female editor-in-chief at The Guardian on 1 June 2015 succeeding Alan Rusbridger. Viner previously headed The Guardians web operations in Australia and the United States, before being selected for the editor-in-chief's position.<ref>"Katharine Viner Profile page", The Guardian</ref>
Early life and education
Raised in Yorkshire, Viner is the daughter of teachers. Her grandfather, Vic Viner, was an able seaman involved in the Dunkirk evacuation. Viner was educated at Ripon Grammar School, where she was head girl. As a teenager, she joined Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND) and the Anti-Apartheid Movement, although the nearest groups were 25 miles away, and read Spare Rib. Her first newspaper article, published in The Guardian in 1987 while she was still at school, was on the ending of the GCE O level examinations, which were being replaced in the UK by the General Certificate of Secondary Education (GCSE). "Cramming five years of knowledge into two and a half hours does not seem to be a fair system", she wrote. Around 1988, Viner had a period of work experience at the Ripon Gazette, her local newspaper.David Prior "Former Ripon Gazette work experience girl is new editor of The Guardian", Ripon Gazette, 23 March 2015
After A levels Viner read English at Pembroke College, Oxford. Just before her finals, Viner won a competition organised by The Guardian's women's page and was advised by Louise Chunn, then Guardian women's editor, to pursue a career in journalism. "I honestly thought journalism wasn't for me, I thought it was for men in suits in London", she remembered in 2005. During her 20s, Viner spent most of her holidays in the Middle East, a region in which she has a particular interest, spending time in Lebanon, Syria, Israel, West Bank and other locations.
Career beginnings
For work experience, Viner joined Cosmopolitan, a women's monthly magazine. The magazine retained her afterwards and she became features assistant, then news and careers editor; earlier, she had won another student competition involving a submission to the magazine. After three years at The Sunday Times, working as a commissioning editor and writer for its magazine. Viner joined The Guardian in 1997. Following a period on the staff of the women's page, she became editor of the Saturday Weekend supplement in 1998. She became features editor in 2006 and deputy editor in 2008 at the same time as Ian Katz. Viner edited the Saturday edition of The Guardian from 2008 to 2012.
Laura Slattery in The Irish Times, reviewing Viner's career up to March 2015, noted that she "has almost always been the person who does the commissioning, [rather than] provided the byline". Several Guardian pieces by Viner published during this period are reprinted in an anthology drawn from the Guardian archive entitled Women of the Revolution: Forty Years of Feminism (2010), edited by Kira Cochrane.
Australia and New York
In January 2013, Viner's relocation to Sydney to supervise a new Guardian digital edition in Australia was announced; this venture was launched in May 2013.
Viner delivered the Smith Lecture in Journalism at the University of Melbourne in October 2013."A.N.Smith Lecture in Journalism 2013", University of Melbourne D. D. Guttenplan, London correspondent of the American Nation magazine, wrote in March 2015 that "there is no one on either side of the Atlanti Ocean who has thought as deeply as Viner about the relationship between readers, technology and the future of journalism." Guttenplan is not totally convinced by Viner's "eagerness to transcend print" in the move to digital media, but commenting about her 2013 speech in Australia, he writes that "her arguments for the importance of reader engagement, and for sustained, original reporting of information that someone, somewhere, wants to keep secret are compelling and convincing."
In the summer of 2014, Viner moved to New York City and became the new head of The Guardians American website in succession to Janine Gibson while remaining deputy editor of Guardian News & Media.Ravi Somaiya "Guardian to Make Management Changes", New York Times, 6 March 2014 While based in New York, Viner expanded GuardianUSs coverage from a limited range of subjects, into areas such as the arts and sport; she also increased US staffing.
Editor-in-chief of The Guardian
Appointment
In March 2015, Viner won a majority in the ballot of Guardian and Observer editorial staff as the favoured successor of Alan Rusbridger as The Guardians editor-in-chief. Viner received 53% of first-choice votes from the 964 staff who participated, and was thus shortlisted for selection. Former deputy editor and rival, Ian Katz (editor of the BBC's Newsnight television programme since 2013), was also on the final short list of two.
Viner was appointed editor-in-chief on 20 March 2015, the first woman to be the editor of The Guardian in its 194-year history, and assumed her new post on 1 June 2015.Stephen Castle and Ravi Somaiya "Guardian Names Katharine Viner as New Editor", New York Times, 20 March 2015 She intends to make the "media organisation" a "home for the most ambitious journalism, ideas and events" which is able to reach "out to readers all around the world."Henry Mance "Katharine Viner appointed Guardian editor", Financial Times, 20 March 2015
It has been suggested by author and former Guardian columnist Michael Wolff that another of Viner's rivals to succeed Rusbridger, Janine Gibson, suffered because of internal disquiet over the internal impact on The Guardian of the Edward Snowden revelations which Gibson edited in New York. Wolff said Gibson aligned herself with Snowden, promising more of the same, while Viner "pitched decidedly against Gibson and, in a sense, against Snowden". Peter Wilby, writing in the New Statesman, preferred a different explanation: "Viner is a more charming, more inclusive and less threatening figure than Janine Gibson, who started as the bookies' and Rusbridger's favourite."
Later developments
In March 2016, Viner and Guardian News and Media chief executive David Pemsel announced cost-cutting measures, leading to the projected loss of 250 jobs, to reduce unsustainable losses in order to break even within three years. The following month, The Times reported internal tensions within the organisation as Rusbridger prepared to become Chairman of the Scott Trust, the ultimate overseer to ensure The Guardian survives "in perpetuity". Rusbridger's expansion of the company's operations was reportedly seen by staff as responsible for the decisions which Viner and Pemsel have made. Viner and David Pemsel successfully opposed Rusbridger becoming Chair of the Scott Trust Ltd and he dropped plans to take up the post.
Appeals to readers for donations have been successful. "We now get about the same amount of money from membership and paying readers as we do from advertising", Viner told the Financial Times in May 2017. By the time The Guardian and sister title The Observer relaunched as a tabloid in January 2018, part of the cost-cutting exercise, revenue from readers exceeded advertising and the group expects to break even in 2018/19, for the first time since the 1980s, rather than continue to sustain heavy losses. As of 2018 this approach was considered successful, having brought more than 1 million subscriptions or donations, with the paper hoping to break even by April 2019. Industry specialists consulted by the Financial Times have continued to doubt whether the donation and membership model is financially viable in the long term.
In May 2021 The Daily Telegraph reported that there was serious conflict between Viner and chief executive of the Guardian Media Group Annette Thomas about finances and the direction the newspaper should take. The previous year The Guardian announced 180 job cuts. Thomas had earlier said at a media industry conference "we have quality content in spades ... the job at hand is to now go further by strengthening the growing elements of our business". Viner wanted renewed investment after better than feared financial results in 2020. On 9 June 2021 it was announced that Thomas would leave the Guardian Media Group at the end of the month.
Other work
Outside journalism Viner is known for My Name Is Rachel Corrie, a play she co-edited with actor Alan Rickman from the writings and emails of Rachel Corrie, an American activist who was killed by a bulldozer operated by the Israeli Army in Rafah, Gaza in 2003.Peter Beaumont "Rachel Corrie's family loses wrongful death appeal in Israel's supreme court", The Guardian, 13 February 2015 The play was first performed at the Royal Court Theatre in 2005. After Rickman died of cancer in January 2016, Viner wrote that their collaboration had been initially difficult, but "on the opening night we each admitted that we couldn't have done justice to Rachel's words without the other".
Viner was a judge in the Orange Prize for Fiction in 2004 and was on the board of the Royal Court Theatre for 13 years.
Political positions
In 2002, Viner criticised the planned invasion of Iraq and wrote that George W. Bush "bombed Afghanistan to liberate the women from their burkas (or, as he would have it, to free the "women of cover"), and sent out his wife Laura to tell how Afghans are tortured for wearing nail varnish".
Viner is an opponent of Brexit. She wrote: "At the end of a campaign that dominated the news for months, it was suddenly obvious that the winning side had no plan for how or when the UK would leave the EU – while the deceptive claims that carried the leave campaign to victory suddenly crumbled."
Personal life
Viner is in a relationship with Guardian columnist and broadcaster Adrian Chiles.
References
External links
Contributor page, The Guardian website
My Name is Rachel Corrie and the New York Theatre Workshop postponement, Interview with Lynn Moffat, Jim Nicola and Katharine Viner on Democracy Now, 22 March 2006
"Candidate's Statement: Katharine Viner", Statement in the internal ballot of Guardian'' journalists, National Union of Journalists website, c. February 2015
1971 births
Living people
Alumni of Pembroke College, Oxford
British journalists
Place of birth missing (living people)
People educated at Ripon Grammar School
The Guardian journalists
Tim Wendel (born 1956 Philadelphia) is an American writer whose books include narrative nonfiction and several novels. Those works include Summer of '68, Cancer Crossings, High Heat, Buffalo, Home of the Braves, and the popular sports novel Castro's Curveball. His stories and columns have appeared in many newspapers and magazines such as The New York Times, National Geographic, Esquire, USA Today, Psychology Today and Washington Post, among others.
He has been awarded the Professional Achievement Award and the Award for Teaching Excellence from Johns Hopkins University, both three times.
Early life
Wendel grew up in Lockport, New York, and spent his winters playing hockey and his summers sailing on Lake Ontario. Both are backdrops for his award-winning memoir, Cancer Crossings.
He has a bachelor's degree in magazine journalism from Syracuse University and a master's degree in writing from Johns Hopkins.
Career
He is the author of more than a dozen books, including Summer of '68: The Season When Baseball, and America, Changed Forever which was named a top 10 choice by Publishers Weekly and was also named Notable Book of the Year 2013 by the Michigan State.
For 12 years, Wendel has been a writer in residence at Johns Hopkins University. He is also a recipient of the Walter E. Dakin Fellow and Tennessee Williams Scholar to the Sewanee Writers' Conference, beside being a Pen/Faulkner visiting writer to the Washington, D.C. Public Schools.
In 2005, Wendel co-wrote a piece that was a finalist for the Good Morning America national memoir contest. He also co-founded USA Today Baseball Weekly, which he edited and wrote for. Wendel has also been nominated three times for the Virginia Literary Award. He has won the USA Today Luminary Award.
Personal life
He currently lives in Virginia with his wife, Jacqueline Salmon. They have two children.
References
External links
Tim Wendel on Huffington Post
Writers from Philadelphia
Living people
1956 births
American male writers
This is a list of villages in Raghopur block, Vaishali district, Bihar state, India.
See also
List of villages in Vaishali district
References
Lists of villages in Vaishali district
Raghopur
Istiblennius zebra, the zebra blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in tide pools around the Hawaiian Islands. It is also commonly known as the zebra rockskipper, rockskipper, jumping jack or the gori. Males of this species can reach a maximum standard length of , while females can reach a maximum length of . It can be found in the aquarium trade.
References
zebra
Fish described in 1875
Zdzisławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzwola, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Dzwola, south-east of Janów Lubelski, and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 410.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Water gas is a kind of fuel gas, a mixture of carbon monoxide and hydrogen. It is produced by "alternately hot blowing a fuel layer [coke] with air and gasifying it with steam." The caloric yield of this is about 10% of a modern syngas plant. Further making this technology unattractive, its precursor coke is expensive, whereas syngas uses cheaper precursor, mainly methane from natural gas.
Production
Synthesis gas is made by passing steam over a red-hot carbon fuel such as coke:
(ΔH = +131 kJ/mol)
The reaction is endothermic, so the fuel must be continually re-heated to maintain the reaction. To do this, an air stream, which alternates with the vapor stream, is introduced to combust some of the carbon:
(ΔH = -393 kJ/mol)
Theoretically, to make 6 L of water gas, 5 L of air is required. Alternatively, to prevent contamination with nitrogen, energy can be provided by using pure oxygen to burn carbon into carbon monoxide.
(ΔH = -221 kJ/mol)
In this case, 1 L of oxygen will create 5.3 L of pure water gas.
History
The water-gas shift reaction was discovered by Italian physicist Felice Fontana in 1780. Water gas was made in England from 1828 by blowing steam through white-hot coke.
Hydrocarbonate (gas)
Hydrocarbonate is an archaic term for water gas composed of carbon monoxide and hydrogen generated by passing steam through glowing coke. Hydrocarbonate was classified as a factitious air and explored for therapeutic properties by eighteenth-century physicians including: Thomas Beddoes and James Watt. The term hydrocarbonate was coined by Thomas Beddoes in 1794. It should not be confused with the modern name "hydrogen carbonate" for bicarbonate ion.
Between 1794 and 1802, physicians such as Tiberius Cavallo and Davies Gilbert experimented with hydrocarbonate as an analgesic and anesthetic. Humphry Davy infamously inhaled three quarts of hydrocarbonate at the Pneumatic Institution and nearly died upon "sinking into annihilation"; Davy recovered two days later and concluded inhalation of more hydrocarbonate could have "destroyed life immediately without producing any painful sensations". Carbon monoxide is recognized to have a narcotic effect, therefore the scientists were likely experiencing carbon monoxide poisioning.
Diseases treated by hydrocarbonate included: tuberculosis, inflammation, asthma, expectoration, hemoptysis, pneumonia, hydrothorax, spasm and other indications. Many of the diseases treated with hydrocarbonate, whose active ingredient was carbon monoxide, are now being investigated using modern biomedical research methods to determine the therapeutic potential of carbon monoxide. For example, James Lind recognized hydrocarbonate to effectively treat lung inflammation; delivery of carbon monoxide via inhalation protocol or carbon monoxide-releasing molecules has significant preclinical data indicating an effective treatment for inflammation. The pioneering work of exploratory medicinal application of hydrocarbonate is an important origin for modern drug development.
James Watt suggested hydrocarbonate could act as "an antidote to the oxygen in blood" in 1794 and cautioned about the toxicity of an overdose prior to the discoveries of carbon monoxide (1800) and hemoglobin (1840). Despite Watt's observation, it is widely accepted that Claude Bernard had first described the mechanism for carbon monoxide poisoning by describing carbon monoxide's affinity for hemoglobin displacing oxygen to induce asphyxia circa 1857.
Lowe's gas process
In 1873, Thaddeus S. C. Lowe developed and patented the water gas process by which large amounts of hydrogen gas could be generated for residential and commercial use in heating and lighting. This gas provided a more efficient heating fuel than the common coal gas, or coke gas, which was used in municipal service. The process used the water-gas shift reaction:
The process was discovered by passing high-pressure steam over hot coal, the major source of coke gas. Lowe's process improved upon the chimney systems by which the coal could remain superheated, thereby maintaining a consistently high supply of the gas. The reaction produced carbon dioxide and hydrogen, which, after a process of cooling and "scrubbing", produced hydrogen gas.
The process spurred on the industry of gas manufacturing, and gasification plants were established quickly along the Eastern seaboard of the United States. Similar processes, like the Haber–Bosch process, led to the manufacture of ammonia (NH3) by the combining of nitrogen, found in air, with hydrogen. This spurred on the refrigeration industry, which long used ammonia as its refrigerant. Prof. Lowe also held several patents on artificial ice making machines and was able to run successful businesses in cold storage, as well as products which operated on hydrogen gas.
Variations
Carburetted water gas
Water gas has a lower heat of combustion than coal gas, so the calorific value was often boosted by passing the gas through a heated retort, into which oil was sprayed. The resulting mixed gas was called carburetted water gas. The average composition of carburated water gas is as follows: H=34-38%; CO=23-28%; saturated hydrocarbon=17-21%; unsaturated hydrocarbon=13-16%; CO=0.2-2.2%; N=2.5-5.0%. It is used as a source of heat since it has a high calorific value
Semi-water gas
Semi-water gas is a mixture of water gas and producer gas made by passing a mixture of air and steam through heated coke. The heat generated when producer gas is formed keeps the temperature of the coke high enough to allow water gas to be formed.
Water gas shift reaction
Pure hydrogen can be obtained from water gas by using the water-gas shift reaction, after subsequent removal of the carbon dioxide formed when carbon monoxide reacts with water.
Uses
Completely displaced by syngas, water gas could be applied to certain fuel cells. Used in Fischer–Tropsch process. It reacts with producer gas to produce fuel gas. It could also be used to gain pure hydrogen for synthesis of ammonia.
See also
Fluidized bed
Fluidized bed combustion
Gasification
Linde–Frank–Caro process
List of solid waste treatment technologies
Plasma gasification
Producer gas
Pyrolysis
Renewable natural gas
Wood gas
References
Mellor, J.W., Intermediate Inorganic Chemistry, Longmans, Green and Co., 1941, pp. 210–211
Adlam, G.H.J. and Price, L.S., A Higher School Certificate Inorganic Chemistry, John Murray, 1944, page 309
History e-book project. ACLS Humanities E-book. Vol 5. "The use of mineral oil" p. 119
The chemistry of gas lighting, 1850.
Fuel gas
Hydrogen production
Synthetic fuel technologies
Industrial gases
History of chemistry
pl:Gaz wodny
Gilda Dent (née Gold), occasionally referred to as Grace instead of Gilda, is a fictional character who has appeared in Batman comic books since Detective Comics #66 (August 1942). Associated with her fiancé (later husband) Harvey Dent, who becomes the criminal mastermind Two-Face, she has since been a recurring character throughout various Batman stories involving Two-Face. Her largest role is in the Jeph Loeb and Tim Sale collaboration Batman: The Long Halloween and she was voiced by actress Julie Nathanson in the animated adaptation. Her role as Dent's fiancé in Christopher Nolan's The Dark Knight was instead filled by the original character of Rachel Dawes, portrayed by Maggie Gyllenhaal.
Fictional character biography
Pre-Crisis
In her first appearance Gilda Gold is the fiancée of Harvey Kent (later renamed Dent), the brilliant and handsome district attorney of Gotham City. Gangster Boss Maroni throws acid in Harvey's face during Maroni's trial, scarring half of his face and warping his mind. Because Gilda is a sculptor, Harvey believes that she worships beauty; therefore (in Dent's mind), neither she—nor anyone else—could ever love or accept a person with such a monstrously "hideous" face as his. Gilda creates a bust of Harvey, which he smashes with a mallet to symbolize his new, ruined self. Even as Two-Face begins a dual career of crime and Robin Hood-style philanthropy, however, he still longs passionately for Gilda, and she for him.
In Detective Comics #80 (1943), she is in the audience when Two-Face and his gang try to rob a classical concert. Gilda follows Two-Face to his hideout, just as Batman and Robin burst in. When Two-Face, having the drop on the Caped Crusader, pulls his gun and opens fire upon his former ally, Gilda leaps in front of the bullet. Pleading to Harvey that she had to make him "understand… before it was too late…", she passes out, shocking Two-Face into thinking he's killed her. Two-Face turns himself in and Gilda is sent to the hospital.
When Two-Face learns from the doctors that Gilda has lost the will to live, he vows to give up his life of crime. After a final tussle with the last of his men, he undergoes plastic surgery and is released from jail after one year. His face and sanity restored, Harvey Kent promises to finally marry Gilda.
In Superman Family #211, Harvey Kent (causing confusion with the name of Clark Kent) and Gilda attend the wedding of Bruce Wayne and Selina Kyle (the now-retired Catwoman). It is presumed that this version of Harvey and Gilda live happily ever after.
Earth-One
Gilda did not return to comics again until the late 1970s in Teen Titans #48 (June 1977), where Harlequin (Duela Dent) claims to be her daughter, conceived apparently during the brief period seen in Batman #234 where Harvey Dent is cured. After Dent's reversion to Two-Face (also seen in flashback in Batman #234), Gilda leaves Dent. She is seen carrying baby Duela in one hand and a suitcase in the other.
In Batman #328, it is revealed that Gilda remarried Dave Stevens, Harvey Dent's former assistant. Stevens is murdered by Maroni, who is subsequently killed by Two-Face as revenge for causing Gilda pain. Two-Face disguises himself as a man named Carl Ternison and courts the newly widowed Gilda, trying to have a normal life with her.
When Gilda discovers the truth, Two-Face's madness escalates, and he eventually traps Batman inside an abandoned courthouse. However, before he can pull the trigger, Gilda intercedes, swearing that if he kills Batman, she will think of him only as a murderer and never forgive him. She gives him an ultimatum: "Will it be vengeance or hope?" Torn apart, Two-Face breaks down and begs her for help. He is arrested, but Gilda promises to be there for him as long as he wants to get better.
Post-Crisis
Her role in Harvey Dent's past was updated into the currently prominent Two-Face origin: Batman Annual #14 (1990), a story called "Eye of the Beholder". In this story, it is revealed that Dent's father was an abusive alcoholic who would nightly play a game with his young son: "I'll flip a coin: if it's heads, I beat you. Tails, I don't". Dent spends a lifetime burying his rage and resentment, only to discover that the coin was two-headed all along. While Dent is torn between loving and resenting his father, Gilda clearly despises him; she scoffs that after a lifetime of abuse and cruelty, the only thing Dent's father ever gave him was a coin.
Gilda tries to comfort Dent as his sanity deteriorates. She pleads with him when, upon awakening from a nightmare, he races out of their bed in the middle of the night and goes to his office, "where it's safe". After Harvey is disfigured, Gilda visits him in the hospital to try to give him back the coin. It was in his pocket during the trial, and was also hit by some acid, scarring one side of the coin. She last appears in this story right after Two-Face murders his corrupt former assistant, Adrian Fields, tearfully explaining Dent's abuse history to Batman.
Gilda does not reappear until Secret Origins Special #1, where she (here named Grace) appears on a TV talk show focusing on Gotham's villains. She talks about a time when one of the criminals Dent put away as D.A. returned for revenge by taking her hostage. Two-Face eventually rescued her, beating the ex-con to the point of death, but holding off because Grace demanded he stop. This represents a rare case where Two-Face is not influenced by the coin, but rather by someone else's welfare. She tries once again to appeal to his "good" side, but fails. At the end of the interview, she professes her belief that, one day, Dent would return to her.
Gilda returns in Batman: Two-Face Strikes Twice. Here, she finds herself at odds with her now-ex-husband, as he believes their marriage failed because he was unable to give her children. She later marries Paul Janus, a reference to the Roman god of doors who had two faces, one facing forward, the other backward. Two-Face attempts to frame Janus as a criminal by kidnapping him and replacing him with a stand-in, whom Two-Face "disfigures" with makeup to make it look as if Janus has gone insane just as Two-Face had. Two-Face is eventually caught by Batman and sent away, and Gilda and Janus reunite. Years later, Gilda gives birth to twins named James and Luke, prompting Two-Face to escape once more and take the twins hostage, as he erroneously believes them to be conceived by Janus using an experimental fertility drug. The end of the book reveals a surprise twist; Batman learns from Gilda that Janus is not the father of Gilda's twins - Dent is. Some of his sperm had been frozen after a death threat had been made against him, and she used some of it to get pregnant. Batman uses this information to convince Dent to free the twins and turn himself in.
Post-Zero Hour
After the events of Zero Hour: Crisis in Time, Gilda's entire history has been revised. She has a larger role and story arc in The Long Halloween, a maxi-series that is part of Two-Face's origin in Batman Annual #14. During the nearly year-long story, a serial killer called Holiday systematically murders prominent gangsters. During the series, Gilda's marriage to Dent shows signs of strain; she wants to settle down and start a family, while he is obsessed with capturing Holiday. In a private monologue at the end, Gilda states that she was the original Holiday killer, having committed all of the murders up until New Year's Eve. Gilda indicates that Dent murdered Alberto Falcone on New Year's Eve, taking her place, and that he was the one responsible for the crimes from that point on. The confession is only known to readers, since Alberto confessed to all the Holiday murders upon his capture. Gilda destroys the evidence of her crimes and leaves Gotham City.
Due to the success of The Long Halloween, the events of the story have generally been accepted into continuity as the "official" story of Batman's early years, given that Zero Hour retconned the events of Batman: Year Two and rendered them non-canonical. In Batman: Dark Victory, the Calendar Man is about to reveal Holiday's true identity, but an enraged Two-Face cuts him off.
In Greg Rucka's novelization of Batman: No Man's Land, Dent thinks that Gilda is dead.
Post-Infinite Crisis
In the "One Year Later" story arc Batman: Face the Face, Dent mentions Gilda when recalling his past life, but the Two-Face persona states "No, Harvey. She's gone now".
During Dick Grayson's tenure as Batman, she appears standing over a wounded Harvey Dent. The Riddler reveals that she faked her death and was institutionalized following The Long Halloween, where she met Mario Falcone, who suffered a similar breakdown following the event of Dark Victory. After getting involved upon their release, Falcone kept Gilda like a prisoner, and she conspired with the Riddler to steal Two-Face's coin and entice him to rescue her. Knowing that Falcone was on Dent's tail, Gilda faked Harvey's death by appearing to shoot him at point-blank range. When they were finally reunited, she explained how much she missed him, and that she now believed in Two-Face as well as Harvey Dent. Feeling betrayed and manipulated, Two-Face tried to kill her, but hesitated, only to be stopped by Batman. To save Harvey, she shot Batman with a .22, knocking him out and allowing them both to escape. Her ultimate fate remains unknown, and Dick even expressed doubt that she was in fact the real Gilda Dent.
New 52
In the New 52 reboot, Gilda is a socialite that Bruce Wayne introduces to Harvey at a graduation party. She is killed in front of Harvey by Erin McKillen.
Other versions
Flashpoint
In the alternate timeline of the Flashpoint event, Harvey Dent has a wife and twin children. When the Joker kidnaps Dent's children, Mrs. Dent is emotional while her husband asks Batman for help in their search.
In other media
Film
A Victorian era version of Gilda appears briefly, without dialogue, in the animated adaptation of Gotham by Gaslight.
Gilda appears in the two-part animated film Batman: The Long Halloween, voiced by Julie Nathanson. In this version of events, Gilda takes the blame as the Holiday Killer, motivated by her anger at the Falcones after she had a past relationship with Alberto that ended with Falcone ending the marriage and forcing Gilda to get an abortion of her and Alberto's child.
Television
A character analogous to Gilda, Grace Lamont, appeared in Batman: The Animated Series, voiced by Murphy Cross. In the episode "Two-Face", she is D.A. Harvey Dent's fiancée. Alongside Dent's best friend Bruce Wayne, she watches helplessly as Dent loses his grip on sanity while going after gangster Rupert Thorne. After Dent is disfigured and becomes Two-Face, Thorne plots to use Grace against his new rival. A couple of Thorne's men disguise themselves as police officers and offer Grace a handheld tracking device, in case Two-Face ever approaches her. Two-Face eventually does, bringing her to his lair and wearing a scarf to cover his scars. She nearly succeeds in persuading Two-Face to reform, when Thorne's men show up, revealing that Grace inadvertently betrayed him. Nevertheless, Grace helps Batman and Two-Face fight off Thorne's men, and remains by his side as he is taken into custody with Thorne.
Miscellaneous
Grace returned to animated continuity in the comic series The Batman and Robin Adventures issues #1 and 2, where the Joker manipulates Two-Face into thinking that Grace and Bruce are having an affair. Two-Face abducts her and tries to kill Robin, but is ultimately thwarted when Grace jabs the jagged edge of the scarred coin into the disfigured side of his face. The story ends with Grace leaving Two-Face upon realizing that Harvey Dent is gone forever.
Grace appears again in The Batman and Robin Adventures issue #22, in which Two-Face's life is thrown into chaos when he loses his coin during an unplanned breakout from Arkham Asylum, and is forced to replace it with a quarter. Little Jonni Infantino, the mastermind behind the breakout, threatens to hurt Grace if Two-Face doesn't provide information on one of Rupert Thorne's thugs, Weird Tony Hendra, whom Two-Face prosecuted as Harvey Dent.
References
Characters created by Bob Kane
Characters created by Bill Finger
Comics characters introduced in 1942
DC Comics female supervillains
Fictional characters from New Jersey
Fictional sculptors
Fictional serial killers
James and Jamesy are a Canadian clown duo, created by Aaron Malkin and Alastair Knowles with director David MacMurray Smith. Based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, they produce theatrical and other clown performances, blending theatre, physical comedy and dance, which typically include significant audience participation, breaking of the 4th wall and improvisation on the part of the performers.
The duo also teach physical comedy, clowning and physical theatre classes and workshops in Vancouver and around the world.
Established in 2012, the duo has performed across the UK, USA and Canada, with notable highlights including sold out performances at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe in 2017, and a 5 week run Off Broadway at New York's SoHo Playhouse in 2018. As of 2020, their shows have sold over 60000 tickets and been performed more than 500 times globally.
Origins
Aaron Malkin and Alastair Knowles met while working with a group of physical comedians and clowns in 2012 in Vancouver. Alastair's character (aka. Jamesy), was improvised as part of the group work, and Malkin's character (James) was formed in reaction to, and to act as interlocutor for Jamesy.
The two describe their shows as ready to perform but also "incomplete" and "works in progress", since they rely heavily on improvisation, audience participation and interaction.
Shows
O Christmas Tea: A British Comedy
Performed since at least 2016, the show mixes "Monty Python, Mr. Bean and Dr. Seuss". The show has since become a christmas tradition, and the duo have toured and performed it on the west coast every December since (with the exception of 2020, due to Covid restrictions).
As of 2021, the 23 city Christmas tour includes Vancouver, Seattle and Edmonton.
James & Jamesy in the Dark
Debuted in May 2014, the work starts with an unlit stage. Two strangers meet, each with a chair, and both attempting to place the chair on stage and then leave - and instead, they encounter each other and proceed from there. Trying to describe what goes on is "nearly impossible" - since the performance depends deeply on audience participation, improvisation, and courageous breaking through the fourth wall.
The show was inspired by an after dark performance the two were hired to perform in 2014 at a music festival.
The show has won numerous accolades and has been extremely well received by critics, with CBC reviewer Iris Yudai calling James and Jamesy "One of the most popular Fringe duos ever"
High Tea
Performed since at least 2015. The audience acts as a third character, Malkin describes the show as "having no fourth wall".
2 for Tea
Performed in sold out performances at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe in 2017.
---
The duo also perform individually under the James and Jamesy banner, and have had significant success with solo shows and performances, including Malkin's performances in Thunderfoot (nominated for Best Comedy at the Just for Laughs festival ) and Dandelion, and Knowles' performance in INK.
Awards
Canadian Comedy Awards - Live/Best Live Ensemble, 2016
22 time "Best of Fest" winners on the International Comedy Circuit as of 2021
3 times Impresario Award winners at the London Fringe Theatre Festival (Ontario)
External links
References
Canadian clowns
Canadian Comedy Award winners
Canadian comedy duos
Comedians from Vancouver
Brotto is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Juan Brotto (1939–2009), Argentine cyclist
Lori Brotto (born 1975), Canadian psychologist
Italian-language surnames
Daniel Glass (born May 16, 1966) is an American drummer, author, historian and educator. He is recognized in the drum industry as an authority on classic American drumming and the evolution of American Popular Music.
Educator/Clinician
As an educator, Glass has published several books and DVDs, including, The Century Project DVD (winner of the Modern Drummer reader's poll: Best Education Package, 2010), Music Alive!'s Percussion, The Commandments of Early Rhythm and Blues Drumming (co-written with Zoro and the winner of the 2009 Drum! Magazine Drummie Award for "Best Drumming Book.") and The Roots of Rock Drumming (co-edited with Journey drummer, Steve Smith and voted one of the top four drumming books of 2014 by Drum! Magazine.) Glass has also contributed to the Encyclopedia of Percussion (second edition) with the "Rock 'n' Roll Drumming (1948-2000)" chapter, and is a regular contributor to publications like Modern Drummer, Drum! and Classic Drummer Magazine. He has performed hundreds of clinics and master classes globally, appearing at many educational conferences and music festivals. In 2013, he co-curated an exhibit on the history of the drum set at the Rhythm Discovery Center in Indianapolis, Indiana, for which he was awarded the Percussive Arts Society's "Distinguished Service Award."
Performer
Glass is a member of the pioneering swing group Royal Crown Revue since 1994, Glass has recorded and performed all over the world with many artists, including Brian Setzer, Bette Midler, Liza Minnelli, Marilyn Maye, Klea Blackhurst, Lorna Luft, Chita Rivera, Lucie Arnaz, Freddy Cole, Mike Ness, Johnny Boyd, Debbie Davies, Unknown Hinson, Glen Glenn, Robert Gordon, and Gene Simmons of KISS. He was twice voted one of the top five R&B drummers in the world by readers of Modern Drummer and Drum! magazine.
Discography
With Royal Crown Revue
With other artists
Endorsements
Glass endorses Drum Workshop/DW Drums (drums/pedals/hardware), Crescent cymbals, Vic Firth (drumsticks and brushes), and Aquarian Drumheads.
References
External links
Official Daniel Glass web site
Daniel Glass on Drummerworld.com
American writers about music
Music historians
American educators
1966 births
Living people
20th-century American drummers
American male drummers
20th-century American male musicians
The Eparchy of New Westminster is a Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church ecclesiastical territory or eparchy of the Catholic Church in the Canadian province of British Columbia. The eparchy is a suffragan in the ecclesiastical province of the metropolitan Archeparchy of Winnipeg.
, the diocese contained 7,800 Catholics with 17 parishes, 11 active diocesan priests and 2 religious priests as well as 2 women religious, 2 religious brothers, and 2 permanent deacons. On 16 January 2020, bishop David Motiuk was appointed an Apostolic Administrator of the Eparchy of New Westminster.
Eparchial bishops
The following is a list of the bishops and archbishops and their terms of service:
Jeronim Chimy (1974–1992)
Severian Yakymyshyn (1995–2007)
Kenneth Nowakowski (2007–2020)
David Motiuk, Apostolic Administrator (since 2020)
References
Eparchy of New Westminster page at catholichierarchy.org retrieved July 14, 2006
External links
1974 establishments in British Columbia
New Westminster
New Westminster
Ukrainian Catholic Church in Canada
New Westminster
New Westminster, Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of
May 12 - Eastern Orthodox Church calendar - May 14
All fixed commemorations below celebrated on May 26 by Orthodox Churches on the Old Calendar.
For May 13th, Orthodox Churches on the Old Calendar commemorate the Saints listed on April 30.
Saints
Virgin-martyr Glyceria at Heraclea, Propontis (c. 138-161)
Martyr Laodicius, jailer of Saint Glyceria (c. 138-161)
Saint Theoctistus, monk from Tekoa, Palestine
Saint Pausicacus, Bishop of Synnada (606)
Saint Nicephoros, Presbyter of the monastery of Ephapsios
Saint Sergius (George) the Confessor of Constantinople, with his wife Irene and children (c. 829-842)
Saint Euthymius the New (the Illuminator) (1028), founder of Iveron Monastery, and his fellow Georgian saints of Mount Athos:
His father monk-martyr John of Iveron (998); his cousin monk-martyr George of Iveron (1065); and monk-martyr Gabriel of Iveron (10th century)
Pre-Schism Western saints
Saint Abban of Ireland, baptized in 165 AD, missionary in Abingdon, Oxfordshire (2nd century)
Martyr Alexander of Rome (284-305)
Saint Valerian of Auxerre, third Bishop of Auxerre in France, and defender of Orthodoxy against Arianism. (350)
Saint Onesimus of Gaul, fifth Bishop of Soissons in France (361)
Saint Servatius, Bishop of Tongres, defender against Arianism in the Netherlands (384)
Saint Agnes of Poitiers, chosen by St. Radegund to be Abbess of Holy Cross at Poitiers in France (588)
Saint Mael (Mahel), Ascetic on the Isle of Bardsey (6th century)
Saint Natalis (Natale), Bishop of Milan in Italy (751)
Saint Anno (Hanno, Annon), Bishop of Verona in Italy (780)
Saint Merwenna of Rumsey (Merwinna, Merewenna), first Abbess of Rumsey convent, in Hampshire (c. 970)
Blessed Fortis Gabrielli, Ascetic (1040)
Post-Schism Orthodox saints
Venerable monk-martyrs of Iveron Monastery, martyred by the Latins (c. 1259-1280)
Repose of Saint Macarius, Abbot of Glushitsa Monastery, Vologda (1480)
Righteous Virgin Glyceria of Novgorod (1522)
New martyrs and confessors
Hieromartyrs Basil Sokolov, Alexander Zaozersky, and Christopher Nadezhdin (1922)
Hieromartyr Macarius Telegin, and Martyr Sergius Tikhomirov (1922)
103 New Hieromartyrs of Cherkasy (20th century)
Other commemorations
Consecration of the Monastery of Panagia Pantanassa (Most-Holy Queen of All), on the small island of Hagia Glykeria (Incirli Adasi) in the Bay of Tuzla (12th century)
Translation of the relics (1688) of Hieromartyr Saint Macarius, Archimandrite of Ovruch and Pinsk, from Kaniv to Pereyaslavl (1678)
Repose of righteous Priest Alexis of Bortsurmany, disciple of St. Seraphim of Sarov (1848)
Repose of Rassophore Monk John, of St. Nilus of Sora Monastery (1863)
Repose of Eldress Sepfora of Klykovo (1997)
Icon gallery
Notes
References
Sources
May 13. OCA - The Lives of the Saints.
May 13/26. Orthodox Calendar (PRAVOSLAVIE.RU).
May 26 / May 13. HOLY TRINITY RUSSIAN ORTHODOX CHURCH (A parish of the Patriarchate of Moscow).
Complete List of Saints. Protection of the Mother of God Church (POMOG).
May. Self-Ruled Antiochian Orthodox Christian Archdiocese of North America.
Dr. Alexander Roman. May. Calendar of Ukrainian Orthodox Saints (Ukrainian Orthodoxy - Українське Православ'я).
May 13. Latin Saints of the Orthodox Patriarchate of Rome.
May 13. The Roman Martyrology.
Greek Sources
Great Synaxaristes: 13 ΜΑΪΟΥ. ΜΕΓΑΣ ΣΥΝΑΞΑΡΙΣΤΗΣ.
Συναξαριστής. 13 Μαΐου. ECCLESIA.GR. (H ΕΚΚΛΗΣΙΑ ΤΗΣ ΕΛΛΑΔΟΣ).
Russian Sources
26 мая (13 мая). Православная Энциклопедия под редакцией Патриарха Московского и всея Руси Кирилла (электронная версия). (Orthodox Encyclopedia - Pravenc.ru).
13 мая (ст.ст.) 26 мая 2013 (нов. ст.). Русская Православная Церковь Отдел внешних церковных связей. (DECR).
May in the Eastern Orthodox calendar
Kevin William Gallacher (born 23 November 1966) is a Scottish former professional footballer and football pundit and co-commentator.
He played as a forward from 1983 until 2002, notably in the Premier League with Blackburn Rovers where he was part of the title-winning squad in 1994–95. He also played in the top flight for Coventry City and Newcastle United as well as in the Scottish Premier League for Dundee United and in the Football League for Preston North End, Sheffield Wednesday and Huddersfield Town. He made 53 appearances for Scotland, scoring 9 goals and was part of their Euro 92, Euro 96 and World Cup 98 squads.
Club career
Gallacher started his Scottish League career with Dundee United, where he spent seven years as part of a successful team under the guidance of Jim McLean. He made his first team debut in December 1985 aged 19 years old in a UEFA Cup tie against Neuchâtel Xamax and three days later played against Rangers at Ibrox. He soon established himself in the side with his fast and penetrating wing play. He helped United reach the 1987 UEFA Cup Final, scoring against Barcelona in the quarter-finals en route. United, however, lost on aggregate to IFK Göteborg. The following year Gallacher scored Dundee United's goal in the 1988 Scottish Cup Final, in the 2–1 defeat by Celtic. A week later he made his full international debut for Scotland against Colombia.
Gallacher moved to Coventry City in January 1990 for a transfer fee of £950,000 and became a fan favourite for three years. Having played for most of his career to date as a winger, Gallacher was used as a striker for most of his time at Highfield Road, and was the club's top scorer in seasons 1990–91 and 1991–92.
He then joined Blackburn Rovers in March 1993 for £1.5 million, as they looked to fill the gap up front left by the long-term injury absence of Alan Shearer. He made an immediate impact, scoring on his debut in a 4–1 win over Liverpool. However, two broken legs (the second sustained in his first game after the original injury) the following season restricted him to just one Premier League game in 1994–95 when Blackburn won the FA Premier League. He did score in that game, a 2–1 win against Crystal Palace.
Gallacher returned to full effectiveness in 1996–97, however, scoring 10 goals to help avoid a relegation scare. In 1997–98 he formed a potent partnership with Chris Sutton, scoring 16 goals himself as Blackburn finished 6th. However, injuries and inconsistencies meant he missed much of 1998–99, although he was the team's top goalscorer with 5 goals. Blackburn were relegated in 1999, just four seasons after having won the title.
He then moved to Newcastle United, becoming Bobby Robson's first signing as Newcastle manager. Gallacher was mostly used as a right winger, a role he adapted to well, and despite a lack of goals, was fairly popular with the Newcastle fans for his work rate.
Spells at Preston North End (where he scored twice against Kidderminster Harriers and Sheffield United), Sheffield Wednesday and Huddersfield Town followed before hanging up his boots in 2002, ending a career which had seen him score a total of 106 goals in 430 games in the English and Scottish leagues.
International career
Gallacher won 53 caps for Scotland, and was in the squads for the Euro 92, Euro 96, and 1998 FIFA World Cup tournaments. He scored nine goals for his country, six of them in 1998 World Cup qualification, a significant contribution to the successful campaign which included perhaps his most famous international goals, a double against Austria at Celtic Park in 1997.
Media career
Gallacher has worked as a co-commentator and studio analyst for BBC Radio Lancashire, BBC Radio 5 Live, Sky Sports, Setanta Sports, BBC Scotland and Channel 5. In addition to this he is also a columnist in the Lancashire Telegraph. In 2006 he published a book, Tartan Turmoil: The Fall & Rise of Scottish Football, a semi-autobiographical look at the problems faced by Scottish football. In 2010, he started working for ITV, commentating on FA Cup games.
Personal life
He is the grandson of the late Celtic forward Patsy Gallacher, who died before he was born. His uncles Willie and Tommy and cousin Brian were also footballers. The Gallachers are also related to another footballing branch of the family, John Divers and his son of the same name who both played for Celtic.
He married Aileen Binnie in 1987.
Honours
Individual
Scottish FA International Roll of Honour: 2000
Premier league winner, Blackburn Rovers, 1994-95
Career statistics
Club
International
Appearances
Goals
Scores and results list Scotland's goal tally first.
See also
List of Scotland national football team captains
List of Scottish football families
References
External links
International stats at Londonhearts.com
1966 births
Living people
1998 FIFA World Cup players
Blackburn Rovers F.C. players
Coventry City F.C. players
Dundee United F.C. players
Association football forwards
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Newcastle United F.C. players
Premier League players
Preston North End F.C. players
Scotland B international footballers
Scotland international footballers
Scottish footballers
Scottish Football League players
Sheffield Wednesday F.C. players
English Football League players
UEFA Euro 1992 players
UEFA Euro 1996 players
Sportspeople from Clydebank
Footballers from West Dunbartonshire
Scotland under-21 international footballers
Scottish people of Irish descent
Kevin
The chestnut-crowned babbler (Pomatostomus ruficeps) is a medium-sized bird that is endemic to arid and semi-arid areas of south-eastern Australia. It is a member of the family Pomatostomidae, which comprises five species of Australo-Papuan babblers. All are boisterous and highly social, living in groups of up to 23 individuals that forage and breed communally. Other names include red-capped babbler, rufous-crowned babbler and chatterer.
Description
Chestnut-crowned babblers are dark, brown-grey birds with a white throat and breast, white-tipped tail and a long, black, down-curved bill. Wings are short and rounded and the tail is long with a rounded tip. Diagnostic features include two white wing bars and a rich, chestnut crown highlighted by long, white eyebrows. The birds have dark brown eyes and grey legs, while the wings, back and flanks are brown-grey to mottled dusky on the mantle. The white of the throat and breast is well-defined and narrower than that of the similar, white-browed babbler (Pomatostomus superciliosus). Combined, these characteristics give the chestnut-crowned babbler a rather unusual appearance.
At 21–23 cm and approximately 50 g in weight, the chestnut-crowned babbler is noticeably smaller than the grey-crowned babbler (Pomatostomus temporalis). It also gives the appearance of being slimmer than other babbler species. Adults are sexually monomorphic. Immature birds are like the adults but duller, with a pale rufous eyebrow and chest, brown crown and whitish patch behind the eye.
Distribution and habitat
Chestnut-crowned babblers are found in inland areas of south-eastern Australia, including parts of western New South Wales, south-western Queensland, eastern South Australia and north-western Victoria. Its distribution lies within the south-eastern Lake Eyre Basin and the western Murray-Darling Basin.
The species commonly inhabits mallee, mulga and belar woodlands that are drier and more open than those occupied by the white-browed babbler and Hall's babbler (Pomatostomus halli). Other habitats include acacia and cypress pine scrubs and woodlands, stony ground and sandhills, and lignum, saltbush and samphire.
Chestnut-crowned babblers are most readily sighted at Eulo Bore, Bowra Station and in Hattah-Kulkyne National Park, as well as along many outback roads including those between Quilpie and Windorah, and Bourke and Nyngan.
Behaviour
Babblers are renowned for their cheerful, energetic, social behaviour. During the non-breeding season (December - June), chestnut-crowned babblers form cohesive social groups of 3 to 23 individuals that maintain a territory, roost and forage together. Dust-bathing and preening may also be undertaken as a group. At night, they crowd together in a communal roosting nest, built by the group in dead or partly living trees. These dormitory nests may also be disused breeding nests to which the group continues to add material.
If disturbed, individuals hop away behind cover, departing in long, low glides. When alarmed, they may huddle together under dense foliage or dash up the under-canopy of trees and shrubs, chattering noisily. They are playful and have been known to wear trenches in the ground from chasing each other around; however, they are shyer than other babbler species.
Diet and feeding
Chestnut-crowned babblers are usually seen hopping noisily about on the ground, through shrubs, over logs and up the branches of trees. They rummage and probe in ground litter and bark crevices, looking for insects and their larvae, spiders and small amphibians, crustaceans and reptiles, as well as fruits and seeds. Most of the day is spent foraging and this often occurs within drainage zones, which are thought to offer greater cover from predators and a higher abundance of prey. They are not known to 'hawk' for flying insects.
Voice
The birds have a strident, irregular but melodious territorial song, similar to the piping of the little eagle (Hieraaetus morphnoides), emitted from the top of a tall mulga tree or similar vantage point. There is constant chattering among members of the group, including whistling calls intermixed with 'tchak-tchak-tchak', which becomes louder and more frequent when excited, quarrelling or alarmed. The group contact call is a whistling 'tsee-tsee, tsee-tsee'.
Breeding
Breeding usually occurs between July and November. The nest is a large and conspicuous dome about 50 cm in diameter and almost 100 cm high. It is constructed in a forked tree branch, 4–10 m above the ground, using long sticks. Nests are larger, neater and often higher than those constructed by white-browed babblers and are made from finer sticks. Old nests may be enlarged and used repeatedly.
Eggs are approximately 27 x 19 mm, pale grey-brown, oval and covered with sepia and dusky hairlines. Clutch size is typically 2-6 eggs and nestlings fledge after 21–25 days. Unusually large clutches may result from the use of a single brood nest by more than one breeding pair.
Cooperative breeding
The chestnut-crowned babbler is an obligate cooperatively breeding bird and much of the research on this species has focused on aspects of its breeding strategy. Each group contains monogamous breeding pairs and subordinate ‘helpers' that provide care, particularly through food provisioning, for offspring that are not their own. The entire troop helps to build the nest, feed the incubating female and defend the breeding territory. Reproduction without help is rarely attempted and typically unsuccessful in this species.
Several hypotheses have been proposed to explain helping behaviour in cooperatively breeding bird species. Classic ideas of ecological or demographic constraints on offspring dispersal and breeding appear to be limited in their application to the chestnut-crowned babbler, nor is there any evidence to suggest that signal-based factors are important. Signal-based factors predict that helpers gain from perceived, rather than actual, levels of care. The hypotheses of kin selection and group augmentation, which reinforce honest helping behaviour, are more likely to be relevant to this species. Predation is also thought to play a role in the selection of group living as higher predation risks have been correlated with a reduction in ground foraging and an increase in sentinel behaviour. However, it has now been established that kin selection plays the most significant role in the maintenance of cooperative breeding in this species, regardless of the apparent importance of living in large groups.
Chestnut-crowned babblers are plural breeders, with most social groups disbanding into multiple breeding units whose members associate with a single nest. These units re-amalgamate after breeding but have a highly repeatable composition between years. In one study, breeding units occupied non-exclusive home-ranges averaging 38 ha, with larger units occupying larger ranges and each range overlapping that of up to three neighbouring units. There were 2 to 13 adults in each breeding unit. The size of the breeding unit has a significant effect on breeding success, with an extra chick fledged for every three helpers in the group. These helper effects are among the strongest reported for pomatostomid babblers, possibly reflecting the species' extreme home environment.
The sex ratio within groups is significantly male biased, whilst dispersal is significantly female biased. No sex bias has been detected within nestlings or juveniles. It is probable that females suffer higher mortality rates due to either the risks associated with dispersal or the physiological cost of breeding. Breeding females also provide less food to young than do breed males and helpers, and they reduce their provisioning rates in the presence of additional helpers. This suggests that breeding females seek to conserve resources for future reproduction.
Predation
The chestnut-crowned babbler lives in open environments and is vulnerable to predation by aerial predators. Groups are more likely to be attacked by avian predators when dependent young are present, whilst large groups are more likely to encounter predators but less likely to be attacked. Potential avian predators include the brown falcon (Falco berigora), peregrine falcon (Falco peregrinus), Australian hobby (Falco longipennis), brown goshawk (Accipiter fasciatus) and collared sparrowhawk (Accipiter cirrhocephalus). All of these species are known to elicit pronounced alarm calls from chestnut-crowned babblers when they fly in close proximity to the group.
Conservation status
Internationally, the chestnut-crowned babbler is listed as least concern on the IUCN Red List. It is not listed as threatened under Australia's national Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 or under Queensland, New South Wales, Victorian or South Australian legislation. Little is known about its movements but the species is thought to be sedentary and it is scarce to locally common.
References
chestnut-crowned babbler
Birds of New South Wales
Endemic birds of Australia
Least concern biota of Oceania
chestnut-crowned babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
RIswan Yusman (born May 30, 1997) is an Indonesian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Club career
Borneo FC
He was signed for Borneo to play in Liga 1 in the 2017 season. Riswan made his debut on 22 April 2017 in a match against Sriwijaya. On 20 May 2017, Riswan scored his first goal for Borneo against Persib Bandung in the 17th minute at the Gelora Bandung Lautan Api Stadium, Bandung.
Persela Lamongan
He was signed for Persela Lamongan to play in Liga 1 in the 2021 season. Riswan made his league debut on 10 September 2021 in a match against Persipura Jayapura at the Wibawa Mukti Stadium, Cikarang.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
Riswan Yusman at Soccerway
Riswan Yusman at Liga Indonesia
1997 births
Living people
Indonesian footballers
Persela Lamongan players
Association football midfielders
People from Ternate
Sportspeople from North Maluku
The following is a list of pilots and other aircrew who flew during the Battle of Britain, and were awarded the Battle of Britain Clasp to the 1939–45 Star by flying at least one authorised operational sortie with an eligible unit of the Royal Air Force or Fleet Air Arm during the period from 0001 hours on 10 July to 2359 hours 31 October 1940.
History
In 1942, the Air Ministry made the decision to compile a list from records of the names of pilots who had lost their lives as a result of the fighting during the Battle of Britain for the purpose of building a national memorial. This became the Battle of Britain Chapel at Westminster Abbey, which was unveiled by King George VI on 10 July 1947. The Roll of Honour within the Chapel contains the names of 1,497 pilots and aircrew killed or mortally wounded during the Battle.
Nothing was done officially, however, to define the qualifications for the classification of a Battle of Britain airman until 9 November 1960. AMO N850, published by the Air Ministry, stated for the first time the requirements for the awarding of the Battle of Britain Star, and listed the 71 units which were deemed to have been under the control of RAF Fighter Command.
In 1955 Flt Lt John Holloway, a serving RAF officer, began a personal challenge to compile a complete list of "The Few". After fourteen years of research Flt Lt Holloway had 2,946 names on the list. Of these airmen, 537 were killed during the Battle or later died of wounds received.
The Battle of Britain Memorial Trust, founded by Geoffrey Page, raised funds for the construction of the Battle of Britain Memorial at Capel-le-Ferne near Folkestone in Kent. The Memorial, unveiled by Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother on 9 July 1993, shares the site with the Christopher Foxley-Norris Memorial Wall on which a complete list of "The Few" is engraved.
More recently, the Battle of Britain Monument on the Victoria Embankment in London was unveiled on 18 September 2005 by Charles, Prince of Wales and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. The idea for the monument was conceived by the Battle of Britain Historical Society which then set about raising funds for its construction. The outside of the monument is lined with bronze plaques listing all the Allied airmen who took part in the Battle.
S
T
U
Notes on table
Ranks given are those held during the Battle of Britain, although a higher rank may have been achieved after the Battle.
All individuals listed in bold and highlighted in silver are believed to be still alive.
Aircrew listed as KIA, MIA, WIA or KIFA during the Battle of Britain are highlighted in blue.
The awards listed include those made during the Battle of Britain and during the remainder of World War II, as well as any made post-war.
In order to limit the numbers of footnotes which would otherwise be required, the symbol ‡ under "Notes" indicates several entries in the text of Ramsay 1989, while the symbol † indicates that information on the circumstances under which an airman became a casualty during the Battle is included in the text of the book. Where more than one crew member of a multi place aircraft was involved this is included as a cross-reference under "Notes"
In addition to 2,353 British aircrew, the RAF Roll of Honour recognises 574 personnel from other countries; namely:
Australia, Barbados, Belgium, Canada, Czechoslovakia, France, Ireland, Jamaica, Newfoundland, New Zealand, Poland, Rhodesia, South Africa and the United States.
Abbreviations
(CO) after "Sqn" denotes Commanding Officer of that squadron, as per the RAF Fighter Command Order of Battle on 15 September 1940, unless otherwise indicated.
(FAA) after a rank denotes a member of the Fleet Air Arm rather than the RAF.
"KIA" - "killed in action"
"KIFA" - "killed in flying accident", i.e. not during combat
"MIA" - "missing in action".
"WIA" - "wounded in action" leading to death which, in some cases, may have occurred months later.
"POW" - "prisoner of war".
For details of RAF rank abbreviations, see RAF Commissioned Officer Ranks and RAF Non-Commissioned Officer Ranks.
For details of FAA rank abbreviations, see FAA Commissioned Officer Ranks.
Nationalities
Awards
See also
Non-British personnel in the RAF during the Battle of Britain
List of World War II aces from the United Kingdom
List of World War II flying aces by country
List of World War II flying aces
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (A–C)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (D–F)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (G–K)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (L–N)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (O–R)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (V–Z)
References
Notes
Bibliography
Ramsay, Winston, ed. The Battle of Britain Then and Now Mk V. London: Battle of Britain Prints International Ltd, 1989. .
Ringlstetter, Herbert (2005). Helmut Wick, An Illustrated Biography of the Luftwaffe Ace And Commander of Jagdgeschwader 2 During The Battle of Britain. Atglen, PA: Schiffer Publishing. .
Remembering the Battle of Britain
Robert Dixon, '607 Squadrons: A Shade of Blue'. The History Press 2008.
Robert Dixon, 'A Gathering of Eagles' PublishBritannica 2004,
RAF aircrew
Hanshan South railway station () is a railway station in Hanshan County, Ma'anshan, Anhui, China.
It opened with the second section of the Shangqiu–Hangzhou high-speed railway on 28 June 2020.
References
Railway stations in China opened in 2020
Railway stations in Anhui
Mruic or Mru–Hkongso is a small group of Sino-Tibetan languages consisting of two poorly attested languages, Mru and Anu-Hkongso. Their relationship within Sino-Tibetan is unclear.
Peterson & Wright (2009) proposed the name Mru–Hkongso.
Classification
Matisoff (2015) classifies Mru as part of the Northeast Indian areal group, a linkage that includes Tani, Deng (Digaro), "Kuki-Chin–Naga", Meithei, Mikir, and Sal.
On the other hand, Bradley (1997) classifies Mru as part of Lolo-Burmese, based on Löffler's (1966) observations that Mru shares many phonological and lexical resemblances with Lolo-Burmese.
The Mru-Hkongso group was first proposed by Peterson & Wright (2009), who do not consider it to be a subgroup of Lolo-Burmese.
Peterson (2017:205) notes that Mru and Hkongso do not have any features characteristic of Kuki-Chin languages that have been identified by VanBik (2009), including lack of the sound change Proto-Tibeto-Burman *s > tʰ, lack of Kuki-Chin-type verb stem alternation, and lack of the singular first-person pronoun (1.) *kaj which is present in most Kuki-Chin languages.
Peterson (2009) considers Mru-Hkongso to be a separate Tibeto-Burman branch, and notes the following similarities between Mru-Hkongso and Bodo–Garo languages.
Bodo–Garo *=kho 'accusative'; Mru =k(öj) 'accusative' (Hkongso locative =ko)
Bodo–Garo *=ba ‘also'; Mru-Hkongso =pö ‘also'
Bodo–Garo *–ram 'locative nominalizer'; Mru –ram 'locative nominalizer'
Bodo–Garo *=gVn 'future marker'; Mru –köm ~ kön 'irrealis marker' (Hkongso ham)
Bodo–Garo *–(k)ha 'past marker'; Mru –khaj ~ -hö 'past marker' (Hkongso kö ?)
Bodo–Garo *–dV 'imperative marker'; Mru –diö 'imperative marker' (Hkongso de)
Peterson (2009) considers the similarities with Bodo–Garo to be due to the possible early split of Mruic from a Tibeto-Burman branch that included Bodo–Garo (see also Central Tibeto-Burman languages and Sal languages).
Grammar
Both Mru and Hkongso display SVO (subject-verb-object) order instead of the SOV word order typical of most Tibeto-Burman languages. Bai, Sinitic, and Karenic are the only other Sino-Tibetan language branches with primarily verb-medial (SVO) word order.
References
Sino-Tibetan languages
The 2018 FC Astana season is the tenth successive season that the club will play in the Kazakhstan Premier League, the highest tier of association football in Kazakhstan. Astana are defending Kazakhstan Premier League Champions, having been crowned Champions for the forth time the previous season. Astana will continue in the UEFA Europa League having finished second in their group at the end of the 2017 season. In the summer Astana will enter the Champions League, at the Second Qualifying Stage, and the Kazakhstan Cup.
Season events
On 8 January, Stoilov signed a new contract with Astana, but left to take over the vacant Kazakhstan nation team Managers position on 1 March, with Grigori Babayan being announced as his interim replacement on the same day. On 1 June 2018, Astana announced Roman Hryhorchuk as the club's new manager.
On 25 June, FC Tambov announced that Marat Bystrov had left to join Astana on a three-year contract, whilst also being rented to FC Tobol until the end of the 2018 season.
Igor Shitov left Astana on 3 July after his contract was not renewed, with Astana signing Antonio Rukavina and Richard Almeida the following day.
On 12 July, Astana announced that Junior Kabananga had re-joined Astana on a year-long loan deal from Al-Nassr.
On 14 July, Astana announced that Pedro Henrique had joined Astana on a year-long loan deal from PAOK.
On 20 July, Astana announced the signing of Rangelo Janga from KAA Gent.
On 23 July, Astana announced that Đorđe Despotović and Marko Stanojević had both left the club.
On 27 July, Astana confirmed that their all-time leading goalscorer Patrick Twumasi had moved to La Liga club Deportivo Alavés, the following day Yuriy Pertsukh was loaned to Atyrau.
On 17 August, Hryhorchuk left Astana on compassionate leave with Grigori Babayan again stepping in as Caretaker Manager.
Squad
On loan
Transfers
In
Out
Loans in
Loans out
Released
Friendlies
Competitions
UEFA Europa League
Knockout phase
Super Cup
Premier League
Results summary
Results by round
Results
League table
Kazakhstan Cup
UEFA Champions League
Qualifying Rounds
UEFA Europa League
Qualifying Rounds
Group stage
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
|colspan="14"|Players away from Astana on loan:
|-
|colspan="14"|Players who left Astana during the season:
|}
Goal scorers
Clean sheets
Disciplinary record
References
External links
Official Website
Official VK
FC Astana seasons
Astana
Astana
Astana
Thomas F. Vezzetti (1928 – March 2, 1988) was the 33rd mayor of Hoboken, New Jersey, and served as mayor from 1985 until his death in 1988. He fought against the gentrification of the city.
Biography
Vezzetti was born in 1928 in Bradley Beach, New Jersey along with his twin sister, Louise. He said his father was a bootlegger who owned five saloons in New Jersey.
In the 1985 Hoboken mayoral election, Thomas Vezzetti narrowly defeated Steve Cappiello, who had been the mayor of Hoboken since 1973. Vezzetti received 6,990 votes and Cappiello received 6,647 votes in the 1985 election, which put Vezzetti in the mayor's office. Capiello's support for gentrification and his attribution of several arsons to a purported tradition of Puerto Rican revenge burnings resulted in many Puerto Rican residents voting for Vezetti.
The New York Daily News called Vezzetti "The Wackiest Mayor in America" because of the odd things he did, like reporting a car stolen that ended up exactly where he had last parked it two months earlier. Vezzetti was known for eccentric behavior such as wearing mismatched shoes, and carrying all his belongings in two paper bags.
On March 2, 1988, Vezzetti had a heart attack and died at Hoboken's St. Mary Hospital. He had never married.
Legacy
Patrick Pasculli succeeded him as the Mayor of Hoboken. A street was named after Vezzetti by Mayor Anthony Russo in the late 1990's. "Vezzetti Way" ran parallel to Observer Highway. Mayor Dawn Zimmer later eliminated Vezzetti Way and replaced it with a bicycle lane.
References
1928 births
1988 deaths
American politicians of Italian descent
Mayors of Hoboken, New Jersey
People from Bradley Beach, New Jersey
20th-century American politicians
Scopula nebulata is a moth of the family Geometridae. It was described by David Stephen Fletcher in 1963. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Rwanda.
References
Moths described in 1963
nebulata
Moths of Africa
The Layover is a travel and food show on the Travel Channel hosted by Anthony Bourdain. The show premiered on November 21, 2011 in an episode based on Singapore. The format and the content of the show are based on what a traveler can do, eat, visit and enjoy within 24 to 48 hours in a city. Each episode starts with the host landing at the city, with the clock starting the countdown until the time that he will leave the city. As a seasoned traveler, he meets up with locals and explores the city in and out, within matters of hours, both the touristy way and the local way.
On February 15, 2012, Travel Channel renewed the show for the 2012/2013 season, selecting November 19, 2012 for the second-season premiere; featured cities for the season include Atlanta, Chicago, Dublin, New Orleans, Paris, Philadelphia, São Paulo, Seattle, Toronto, and Taipei.
Episodes
Season 1 (2011–12)
Season 2 (2012–13)
References
External links
Article on the Huffingtonpost
English-language television shows
Food travelogue television series
Travel Channel original programming
2011 American television series debuts
2013 American television series endings
The College of Insurance (TCI) was a specialized accredited college, started by insurance industry leaders in 1901 as an insurance library society, the Insurance Society of New York (ISNY). The Insurance Society of New York initially provided study space and material to young people entering the insurance industry, and served as a site for insurance lectures. Over the years, ISNY developed a curriculum based upon these lectures. The curriculum ultimately led to the creation of The School of Insurance, followed by The College of Insurance.
The College of Insurance offered bachelor's and master's degrees in insurance and actuarial science. It provided professional exam preparatory seminars for insurance and actuarial science designations and held classes after business hours for working professionals in New York City. At its largest, total enrollment was approximately 400. Among the benefits of the college was its co-operative program. Although most students were employed by local insurers prior to enrolling at TCI, others were placed with an insurer who paid the student and often subsidized the student's tuition.
St. John's University
In 2001, St. John's University in Jamaica, New York took over the college's programs, creating The School of Risk Management, Insurance and Actuarial Science (SRM). The Manhattan location of the college now houses many graduate business and professional programs of St. John's Peter J. Tobin College of Business.
Location
Until May 2014, the college was located within the Financial District of lower Manhattan, at 101 Murray Street. This location was situated only a few blocks from Wall Street, TriBeCa and Battery Park City. The college consisted of a ten-story, prize-winning "vertical campus," which featured an airy five-story entrance atrium, 16 conference and seminar rooms, 24 high-tech classrooms, a variety of computer labs, a cafeteria, dormitories and the Kathryn and Shelby Cullom Davis Library.
Following the sale of the 101 Murray Street campus, the School of Risk Management including the Davis Library moved to St. John's new Manhattan location at 101 Astor Place, part of the Maki-designed office tower at 51 Astor. The previous building at Murray Street was demolished in May 2015.
Kathryn and Shelby Cullom Davis Library
The Kathryn and Shelby Cullom Davis Library at the college comprises the world's largest collection of risk and insurance literature, policies, and related documents. Throughout its history, the library has served students, faculty, staff, and industry practitioners seeking specialized knowledge in risk management, insurance, and actuarial science. The library maintains the original archive of the Insurance Society of New York, as well as many historical insurance documents.
Under The Insurance Society of New York, a number of individuals and organizations contributed to the library's growing collection throughout the 1900s. In 1974, Shelby Cullom David and his wife Kathryn presented The College of Insurance with a major endowment. This endowment helped to secure the library's future and it was renamed in their honor. With the merger of The College of Insurance and St. John's University, the Davis Library became part of the St. John's University library system.
Center for Professional Education
The Center for Professional Education is located within the School of Risk Management, Insurance and Actuarial Science. For over 30 years, the center has served the educational needs of more than 10,000 professionals in the insurance, risk management and financial services industry. The Center provides seminars, workshops, certificate programs and professional designation examination preparation courses for students of St. John's School of Risk Management within the Tobin College of Business, and working professionals in the New York City area. The Center for Professional Education also provides consulting services to the industry, governments and regulators worldwide.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20081108095744/http://www.stjohns.edu/campus/manhattan
https://web.archive.org/web/20100716005136/http://new.stjohns.edu/academics/libraries/campus/davis/About/History.stj
https://web.archive.org/web/20080208071432/http://www.stjohns.edu/academics/graduate/tobin/education/about.stj
https://web.archive.org/web/20080303074249/http://www.stjohns.edu/alumni/community/chapters/geographic/bermuda/merger.stj
Educational institutions established in 1901
Educational institutions disestablished in 2001
Insurance, College of
St. John's University (New York City)
Universities and colleges in New York City
Universities and colleges in Manhattan
Insurance schools
1901 establishments in New York City
Sorochinsky Urban Okrug () is a municipal formation (an urban okrug) in Orenburg Oblast, Russia, one of the thirteen urban okrugs in the oblast. Its territory comprises the territories of two administrative divisions of Orenburg Oblast—Sorochinsky District and the Town of Sorochinsk.
It was established on June 1, 2015 by the Law #2824/781-V-OZ of Orenburg Oblast by merging the municipal formations of former Sorochinsky Municipal District and granting the resulting entity urban okrug status.
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Official website of Sorochinsky Urban Okrug
Urban okrugs of Russia
States and territories established in 2015
2015 establishments in Russia
Ola Olstad was a Norwegian zoologist and polar explorer.
Olstad Glacier on Peter I island is named after him.
Exploration
Oldstad joined the Norvegia I expedition to Antarctica from 1927 to 1928.
Olstad led the Norvegia II expedition to Antarctica from 1928 to 1929. It was on this expedition that Peter I island was claimed for Norway on 2 February 1929.
References
Norwegian polar explorers
Explorers of Antarctica
Spatial design is a relatively new conceptual design discipline that crosses the boundaries of traditional design specialisms such as architecture, landscape architecture, landscape design, interior design, urban design and service design as well as certain areas of public art.
It focuses upon the flow of people between multiple areas of interior and exterior environments and delivers value and understanding in spaces across both the private and public realm. The emphasis of the discipline is upon working with people and space, particularly looking at the notion of place, also place identity and genius loci. As such, the discipline covers a variety of scales, from detailed design of interior spaces to large regional strategies, and is largely found within the UK. As a discipline, it uses the language of architecture, interior design and landscape architecture to communicate design intentions. Spatial design uses research methods often found in disciplines such as product and service design, identified by IDEO, as well as social and historical methods that help with the identification and determination of place.
As a growth area of design, the number of spatial design practitioners work within existing disciplines or as independent consultants.
The subject is studied at a number of institutions within the UK and Denmark, though, as with any new field of study, these courses differ in their scope and ambition.
Ultimately it can be seen as "the glue that joins traditional built environment disciplines together with the people they are designed to serve".
References
Public art
Urban design
Environmental design
Landscape architecture
Types of garden
Interior design
Pickwick Records was an American record label and British record distributor known for its budget album releases of sound-alike recordings, bargain bin reissues and repackagings under the brands Design, Bravo (later changing its name to International Award), Hurrah, Grand Prix, and children's records on the Cricket and Happy Time labels.
The label is also known for distributing music by smaller labels like Sonny Lester's Groove Merchant, Gene Redd's De-Lite Records, Chart Records and the Swedish label Sonet Records (for which it distributed late-1960s recordings by Bill Haley & His Comets in Canada and the US). They also issued records from Britain's Hallmark Records label.
History
Pickwick Records (originally formed as Pickwick Sales Corporation, later Pickwick International) was founded in 1950 by Cy Leslie, whose first business was a prerecorded greeting-card service that in 1946 turned into Voco Records, a label of children's records. In 1957, after successfully marketing its Cricket children's label of 78- and 45rpm records, Pickwick entered the LP market with low-priced records, beginning with its Design label. The albums from the 1960s into the early 1970s bore the "Pickwick/33" imprint.
Singer-songwriter Lou Reed once worked as a staff songwriter for Pickwick Records, and gained experience in its small recording studio. Several of Pickwick's soundalike albums from 1964 to 1965 feature Reed as an uncredited session musician. Two of his songs, "Cycle Annie" (credited to The Beachnuts) and "You're Driving Me Insane" (as The Roughnecks), both appeared on the Soundsville! compilation in 1965. "The Ostrich" and "Sneaky Pete", two earlier songs by Reed, united him with John Cale, leading to their founding of the Velvet Underground.
Amos Heilicher and his brother Daniel Heilicher merged their Musicland retail chain with Pickwick International in the late 1960s. Capitol Records had an early interest in Pickwick, and many Capitol artists including Frank Sinatra, The Beach Boys and Nat King Cole, had recordings issued on Pickwick; however, Capitol sold its share in the company in 1970.
In the 1970s, the label changed direction, and began reissuing LPs that had been deleted from catalogues of the major record labels, especially the RCA Records budget reissue label RCA Camden. Most notable in the RCA Camden catalogue, Pickwick obtained the rights in the mid-1970s to reissue Camden albums featuring recordings by Elvis Presley. The company also put out an edited reissue of Presley's soundtrack album of Frankie and Johnny, and a two-LP set of mostly movie songs titled Double Dynamite. After Presley died in August 1977, sales of his recordings increased dramatically and RCA reclaimed the rights to Presley's Camden releases from Pickwick.
Pickwick also reissued numerous LPs from the Motown catalogue during the 1970s. On many of these albums, the cover art was changed, and/or the track listing was altered (with two or more songs deleted). In the early 1980s Motown began re-releasing its own catalogue albums, thus ending Pickwick's series.
The company also started the subsidiary label P.I.P and started distributing Gene Redd's De-Lite Records, to issue original material. De-Lite hit it big in 1974 and 1975 with million-selling singles & albums by funk band Kool & The Gang. P.I.P had a couple of big dance club hits with "7-6-5-4-3-2-1 (Blow Your Whistle)" and "Drive My Car" by Gary Toms Empire in 1975.
In 1977, Pickwick was sold to the American Can Company, which relocated its corporate headquarters from Long Island City, New York to Minneapolis, Minnesota, then subsequently sold its assets to PolyGram in the same year. PolyGram maintained the De-Lite Records label for releases by Kool & the Gang who experienced a second wave of success after the addition of new lead singer, J.T. Taylor, beginning with the group's 1979 album, Ladies Night. PolyGram later did away with the De-lite imprint, and subsequent Kool & The Gang records were issued by PolyGram's Mercury label, while De-Lite Records was acquired by Unidisc.
After the purchase by PolyGram, Pickwick started putting out new material again, but this time it was "Sound-Alike" albums which featured covers of a certain artist or group on one album, and Disco Christmas albums. Most of those albums were performed by session musicians and singers dubbed Mirror Image; Pickwick also issued a few records from groups such as The Young Lovers and Kings Road in earlier years. This lasted until 1983 when PolyGram folded Pickwick.
The Hallmark name has since been revived as a budget record label owned by the Pickwick Group.
Current ownership
Pickwick's catalogue (including the entire De-lite/Mercury catalogue of Kool & The Gang) is now owned by Universal Music which was formed by the merger of the MCA and PolyGram families of labels in 1998.
Criticism
In the early 1980s, Pickwick manufactured so-called "audiophile" pressings on heavy vinyl (usually 180–240 grams). However, some audio aficionados found the sound quality in these pressings inferior to that of normal vinyl. These LPs were quickly deleted and some record collectors are now willing to pay extremely high prices for these records. In 2003, a copy of The Beach Boys Greatest Hits sold for just over $2,500 at auction, and in 2008 a sealed copy of James Bond—The Themes (which was a pure soundalike record) sold for $4,000.
Pickwick was well known for its "soundalike" records which often implied to be the original artists, but actually featured in-house bands or singers. When Pickwick issued The Everly's in 1984, all the songs were in fact covered by a singing duo called "Twice Divided".
References in popular culture
Pickwick was the record label to which the fictional band Crème Brulée, from British sitcom The League of Gentlemen, was nearly signed to during its 1970s heyday. This came from a running gag about the market-stall sales which Pickwick enjoyed in England.
Thes One, from the hip-hop group People Under The Stairs, mentions the label in the track "43 Labels I Like" (from its 2000 album Question in the Form of an Answer).
See also
List of record labels
Drugstore records
References
External links
Pickwick Group UK official site
American record labels
Record labels established in 1950
Record labels disestablished in 1977
Reissue record labels
Entertainment companies based in California
Companies based in San Francisco
American companies established in 1950
1950 establishments in California
1977 disestablishments in California
1977 mergers and acquisitions
The 1934–35 season was the 43rd season of The Football League.
Final league tables
The tables and results below are reproduced here in the exact form that they can be found at The Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation website and in Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79, with home and away statistics separated.
Beginning with the season 1894–95, clubs finishing level on points were separated according to goal average (goals scored divided by goals conceded), or more properly put, goal ratio. In case one or more teams had the same goal difference, this system favoured those teams who had scored fewer goals. The goal average system was eventually scrapped beginning with the 1976–77 season.
From the 1922–23 season, the bottom two teams of both Third Division North and Third Division South were required to apply for re-election.
First Division
Results
Maps
Second Division
Results
Maps
Third Division North
Results
Maps
Third Division South
Results
Maps
See also
1934–35 in English football
1934 in association football
1935 in association football
References
Ian Laschke: Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79. Macdonald and Jane's, London & Sydney, 1980.
English Football League seasons
Eng
1934–35 in English football leagues
Świerszczów () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 257.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Bańkowszczyzna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 70.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Dalešice is the name of several locations in the Czech Republic:
Dalešice (Jablonec nad Nisou District), a municipality and village in the Liberec Region
Dalešice (Třebíč District), a market town in the Vysočina Region
Dalešice Dam, a dam on the Jihlava river in the Vysočina Region
Dalešice Reservoir, created by the dam
Dalešice Hydro Power Plant a hydroelectric power plant on the Jihlava river in the Vysočina Region
The Belarus Census of 1999 was the first census in Belarus after it became an independent state after the dissolution of the Soviet Union. Previous census data in the territory of Belarus may be found in Soviet Censuses and Russian Empire Census.
See also
Belarus Census (2009)
References
Demographics of Belarus
Census
1999 censuses
Censuses in Belarus
Kaine Brett Robinson (born 21 May 1985), better known as Kano, is a British rapper, songwriter and actor from East Ham, London. A significant contributor to grime music, Kano is widely considered one of the pioneers of grime music and culture, alongside artists such as Wiley and Dizzee Rascal. In 2004, Kano released his debut single "Ps and Qs", which was an underground hit within the grime community.
Kano's London Town (2007) featured his highest-charting single "This is the Girl" featuring Craig David. After signing to Parlophone, (a record label his cousin Dillon Smith is a member of) and six years without a studio release, Kano released his fifth album Made in the Manor (2016), Kano's most successful album to date. It was critically acclaimed by music critics and charted at number eight in the UK Albums Chart, becoming Kano's highest-charting release, as well as being considered one of the best albums of 2016 by numerous publications. It was shortlisted for the 2016 Mercury Prize and won Best Album at the 2016 MOBO Awards.
He is also known for his acting, most notably playing the role of Sully in Top Boy.
Music career
1985–2003: Early years
Raised by Jamaican parents, Kano attended Langdon Secondary School. In his younger years Robinson was a promising footballer, representing Chelsea, West Ham United Norwich City and Celtic by the age of 13, but in the end he abandoned his sporting ambitions in favour of a musical career.
He joined the East London-based, N.A.S.T.Y. Crew (Natural Artistic Sounds Touching You), whose original line-up consisted of Kano, Marcus Nasty, Jammer, D Double E, Ghetts, Demon, Stormin, Mak 10, Monkstar, Sharky Major, Armour, and Hyper. N.A.S.T.Y Crew had a popular show on pirate radio station Deja Vu; airing Monday nights from 8:00 to 10:00 pm, the sets featured established up and coming special guests such as Dizzee Rascal, Durrty Goodz, Wiley etc.
Kano used the crew's underground popularity as a springboard and left N.A.S.T.Y. His first solo track was "Boys Love Girls", produced in 2002 and later taken to a studio and remastered by Dizzee Rascal. He was then signed as a solo artist and began work on his debut solo album, Home Sweet Home.
2004–2005: Home Sweet Home
In 2004, Kano was approached by Hugo Boss to model for their Spring/Summer collection, but declined to begin recording and touring commitments. Shortly afterwards Kano released his debut solo single, "P's & Q's", on a 12" vinyl-only release, which was a massive underground hit, marking Kano out as a rising star.
In 2005 Kano released his second single, "Typical Me", his first full single release, produced by Dirty Rag and featuring Ghetts. "Typical Me" reached No. 22 in the UK Singles Charts. The video for "Typical Me" was directed by Andy Hylton. The third single, "Remember Me", fared less well in the charts, reaching No. 71. Two weeks later, on 27 June 2005, Kano's début album Home Sweet Home was released. The week his album was released, it was the highest new entry, debuting inside the UK top 40 at No. 36. In September 2005, the fourth single "Nite Nite" was released, featuring Leo the Lion and The Streets. "Nite Nite" hit No. 25 in the UK charts, spending six weeks altogether on the top 75.
Shortly after the release of "Nite Nite", a promotional video for "Reload It", which featured live performance clips and backstage footage, was released to UK video station, Channel U to promote the album further. In December 2005, Kano released a remixed version of album track "Nobody Doesn't Dance No More" featuring Katie Pearl, as a download-only single. The track was also featured as a B-side on CD: 2 of "Nite Nite". On 13 March 2006 Kano released the fifth and final single from the album, a double A-side of "Brown Eyes" and "Signs in Life". The single was released on a vinyl format only, and included a free sticker, which made it ineligible for chart inclusion.
Home Sweet Home gained Gold status in the UK. The album was well reviewed across the British press, most notably in The Independent and The Observer, two of the UK's major newspapers.
Kano's music was also featured on Run the Road, a 2005 compilation featuring 16 grime tracks. The compilation included contributions from other grime artists including: Wiley, Dizzee Rascal and Lady Sovereign. Kano performed a verse on the track "Destruction VIP" and was featured on three other tracks, including "P's and Q's".
2006–2007: London Town
On 23 March 2006 Kano performed at Anson Rooms in Bristol for MTV2's Spanking New Music along with JME, N-Dubz and Unklejam. He performed tracks including "London Town", "P's & Q's", "Brown Eyes", "Me & My Mic" and tracks from the Beats & Bars mixtape. Kano confirmed on the show that his next album was to be called London Town.
Before London Town was released, Kano put out a mixtape (simply called Mixtape on the front cover) for promotion. This included new material such as I Write Bars Till The Milkman Comes, the track Layer Cake (inspired by the film Layer Cake) and also Kano's own versions of hip-hop songs, including Jay-Z's "Public Service Announcement", Nas's "Black Republican" and Kanye West's "My Way Home". The mixtape also included a preview of "Buss It Up", a song that featured on the later release London Town.
London Town was released on 10 September 2007, preceded by the single "This Is The Girl", featuring Craig David, on 27 August. Along with Craig David the album features collaborations with Blur and Gorillaz front-man Damon Albarn, Kate Nash, and Vybz Kartel.
After the release of the album, Kano toured the UK as well as performing the whole album at the Jazz Cafe in October 2007 alongside a live band. Kano also sold out London Astoria in the same month to put on an entertaining show also promoting Tinchy Stryder on his tour.
2008–2009: 140 Grime St and MC No. 1
In 2008, Kano no longer was signed to 679 Recordings as he wished to return to his "grimier roots" and had posted all new freestyles on his Myspace page. Soon after in April, he released a mixtape called MC No. 1 for fans before his third album 140 Grime Street hit the shelves. Despite the fact that Kano had said he wanted to go back to making grime music for 140 Grime Street, in MC No. 1 he used all American hip hop beats for the songs, yet it was still well received by fans.
140 Grime Street was released on 29 September 2008 through BPM (Bigger Picture Music). The majority of the album was produced by Mikey J, with Wiley and DaVinChe supplying two beats each, and Skepta handing the production for the song "These MC's". The album featured guest appearances from Ghetto, Skepta, Wiley, and Mikey J. The first single released was Hustler.
Kano's new single, "Rock N Rolla", was first premiered on Radio 1xtra DJ Mista Jam's radio show. The single was officially released in October. The video for the single has since been released.
"More Than One Way" was premiered on Mista Jam's 1xtra radio show. The video was also released on Kano's official YouTube page. The track was written for a campaign to promote the Diploma and was given away for free exclusively from The Diploma website. The music video was made with the help of Diploma students from all around the country. The TV ad shows Kano walking through a crowd of students whose Diploma qualifications pop up in bubbles above them. The tasks students helped with on the video related to the course they were studying for. Creative and media students helped in producing the video and construction students helped make the set. Kano said in interview for the Sunday Times that he wanted to "inspire people, but not in a way that's patronising and preachy".
2010–2013: Method to the Maadness and mixtapes
Kano's fourth album, Method to the Maadness, was released on 30 August 2010 and charted in the UK Albums Chart at number 45, making it the rapper's fourth successive album to appear in the Top 50. The lead single, "Upside" (featuring Michelle Breeze), was released on 23 August 2010.
Kano provides vocals on the third Gorillaz studio album, Plastic Beach. He collaborates with fellow British rapper Bashy and the National Orchestra for Arabic Music on the track "White Flag". After the album's release Kano was interviewed by The Guardian and he discussed how he enjoyed working with Bashy for the first time and how Damon Albarn and himself were both on the same page musically.
In September, Kano announced a four-track collaborative EP with the producer Mikey J. The EP was entitled Not for the A List because Kano did not want anything to stand in his way when it came to making the music. Part of the EP was to make one track a week and to release it to a DJ to play on radio, ensuring it was a different DJ each week over a timeline of four weeks. The first track was "Random Antics"' the second track, "Alien", and featured Maxsta, the first label signing by the SBTV founder Jamal Edwards. The third week was a track titled "E.T", featuring Wiley, Scorcher and Wretch 32. The fourth track, "House of Pain", featuring Ghetts, was delayed due to the length being 7 and a half minutes. The DJ had to get permission from his boss to play it. It is expected Kano is using the EP to build anticipation for his fifth studio album, to be released in 2012.
On 13 November 2011, Kano announced via Twitter that he would release a mixtape some time that month entitled Girls Over Guns which, he said, would appeal more to the ladies than men.
On 1 January 2012, Kano released a mixtape called Jack Bauer 2.4 as the follow-up mixtape to the 2010 edition.
2014–2018: Made in the Manor
On 26 April 2014, Kano released a music video via SB.TV for "Flow of the Year' featuring JME. The following year came his single "Hail" in March 2015 and its B-side "New Banger" released via Noisey in April 2015.
Kano's fifth album Made in the Manor (2016), features all the aforementioned tracks as well as his popular 2015 freestyle "Garage Skank". Promotion for the album began with the single "3 Wheel-Ups" featuring Wiley and Giggs. The song premiered on MistaJam's BBC Radio 1Xtra show on 7 January 2016. It entered the UK Singles Chart at number 126 and the UK R&B Chart at number 16.
The album entered the UK Albums Chart at number 8, becoming Kano's highest-charting album since London Town (2007).
2019–present: Hoodies All Summer
On 30 August 2019, Kano's sixth studio album Hoodies All Summer was released following its announcement the month previously.
The album would be later shortlisted for the Mercury Prize 2020, the second time in Kano's career.
Kano provided vocals again in 2020 for the seventh Gorillaz studio album Song Machine, Season One: Strange Timez, along with Spanish singer Roxani Arias for the song "Dead Butterflies".
In October 2020, Kano collaborated with Fraser T. Smith in the production of Smith's debut album "12 Questions".
Awards and achievements
He was voted Best Newcomer award in 2004 at the Urban Music Awards and then in 2005, Kano was nominated for 4 MOBO (Music of Black Origin) Awards, winning the award for Best Newcomer. He also won an award at the first Channel U "Best of British" Awards. On New Year's Eve 2005, Kano was announced as one of "London's Heroes of 2005" by Mayor of London Ken Livingstone. He was also nominated for a BRIT Award for Best Urban Act in January 2006. In 2016 Kano's album Made in the Manor was nominated for the Mercury Music Award. Made in the Manor also won 'Best Album' in the 2016 MOBO awards. He was nominated for a second Mercury Music Award for his 6th Studio album Hoodies All Summer
Personal life
Kano is a supporter of Liverpool F.C.
Political views
In November 2019, along with 34 other musicians, Kano signed a letter endorsing the Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn in the 2019 UK general election with a call to end austerity. In December 2019, along with 42 other leading cultural figures, he signed a letter endorsing the Labour Party under Corbyn's leadership in the 2019 general election. The letter stated that "Labour's election manifesto under Jeremy Corbyn's leadership offers a transformative plan that prioritises the needs of people and the planet over private profit and the vested interests of a few."
Discography
Home Sweet Home (2005)
London Town (2007)
140 Grime Street (2008)
Method to the Maadness (2010)
Made in the Manor (2016)
Hoodies All Summer (2019)
Filmography
References
External links
Kano on Myspace
1985 births
English footballers
English people of Jamaican descent
English hip hop musicians
Black British male rappers
Chelsea F.C. players
Grime music artists
Norwich City F.C. players
Footballers from East Ham
People from East Ham
Rappers from London
West Ham United F.C. players
Living people
English male rappers
21st-century English male actors
679 Artists artists
Association footballers not categorized by position
A department (, ) is an administrative or political division in many countries. Departments are the first-level divisions of 11 countries, nine in the Americas and two in Africa. An additional 10 countries use departments as second-level divisions, eight in Africa, and one each in the Americas and Europe.
As a territorial entity, "department" was first used by the French Revolutionary governments, apparently to emphasize that each territory was simply an administrative sub-division of the united sovereign nation. (The term "department", in other contexts, means an administrative sub-division of a larger organization.) This attempt to de-emphasize local political identity contrasts strongly with countries divided into "states" (implying local sovereignty).
The division of France into departments was a project particularly identified with the French revolutionary leader the Abbé Sieyès, although it had already been frequently discussed and written about by many politicians and thinkers. The earliest known suggestion of it is from 1764 in the writings of d'Argenson.
Today, departments may exist either with or without a representative assembly and executive head depending upon the countries' constitutional and administrative structure.
Countries using departments
Argentina*
Benin
Bolivia
Burkina Faso
Cameroon
Chad
Colombia
Republic of the Congo
Côte d'Ivoire
El Salvador
France
Gabon
Guatemala
Haiti
Honduras
Mauritania
Nicaragua
Niger
Paraguay
Senegal
Uruguay
*All provinces except Buenos Aires province.
Former countries using departments
Batavian Republic
Cisalpine Republic
French Empire
Gran Colombia
Centralist Republic of Mexico
Kingdom of Holland
Kingdom of Italy (Napoleonic)
Italian Republic (Napoleonic)
Peru**
Duchy of Warsaw
United States***
Kingdom of Westphalia
**Replaced by regions in 2002.
***Before Alaska became a U.S. state, it was designated as the "Department of Alaska".
References
External links
http://www.statoids.com/uuy.html
See also
Administrative divisions
Departments of the Duchy of Warsaw
Departments of France
Overseas departments and territories of France
Types of administrative division
Sang-e Bast () is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 404, in 106 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
The Dutch Eredivisie in the 1984–85 season was contested by 18 teams. Ajax won the championship.
League standings
Results
See also
1984–85 Eerste Divisie
1984–85 KNVB Cup
References
Eredivisie official website - info on all seasons
RSSSF
Eredivisie seasons
Netherlands
1
Electronic textiles or e-textiles are fabrics that enable electronic components such as batteries, lights, sensors, and microcontrollers to be embedded in them. They are not to be confused with smart textiles, which are fabrics that have been developed with new technologies that provide added value. Much smart clothing, wearable technology, and wearable computing projects involve the use of e-textiles.
Electronic textiles are distinct from wearable computing because the emphasis is placed on the seamless integration of textiles with electronic elements like microcontrollers, sensors, and actuators. Furthermore, e-textiles need not be wearable. For instance, e-textiles are also found in interior design.
The related field of fibretronics explores how electronic and computational functionality can be integrated into textile fibers.
A new report from Cientifica Research examines the markets for textile-based wearable technologies, the companies producing them, and the enabling technologies. The report identifies three distinct generations of textile wearable technologies:
"First-generation" attach a sensor to apparel. This approach is currently taken by sportswear brands such as Adidas, Nike, and Under Armour
"Second-generation" products embed the sensor in the garment, as demonstrated by current products from Samsung, Alphabet, Ralph Lauren, and Flex.
In "third-generation" wearables, the garment is the sensor. A growing number of companies are creating pressure, strain, and temperature sensors for this purpose.
Future applications for e-textiles may be developed for sports and well-being products, and medical devices for patient monitoring. Technical textiles, fashion and entertainment will also be significant applications.
History
The basic materials needed to construct e-textiles, conductive threads, and fabrics have been around for over 1000 years. In particular, artisans have been wrapping fine metal foils, most often gold and silver, around fabric threads for centuries. Many of Queen Elizabeth I's gowns, for example, were embroidered with gold-wrapped threads.
At the end of the 19th century, as people developed and grew accustomed to electric appliances, designers and engineers began to combine electricity with clothing and jewelry—developing a series of illuminated and motorized necklaces, hats, brooches and costumes. For example, in the late 1800s, a person could hire young women adorned in light-studded evening gowns from the Electric Girl Lighting Company to provide cocktail party entertainment.
In 1968, the Museum of Contemporary Craft in New York City held a ground-breaking exhibition called Body Covering that focused on the relationship between technology and apparel. The show featured astronauts' space suits along with clothing that could inflate and deflate, light up, and heat and cool itself. Particularly noteworthy in this collection was the work of Diana Dew, a designer who created a line of electronic fashion, including electroluminescent party dresses and belts that could sound alarm sirens.
In 1985, inventor Harry Wainwright created the first fully animated sweatshirt. The shirt consisted of fiber optics, leads, and a microprocessor to control individual frames of animation. The result was a full-color cartoon displayed on the surface of the shirt. in 1995, Wainwright went on to invent the first machine enabling fiber optics to be machined into fabrics, the process needed for manufacturing enough for mass markets and, in 1997, hired a German machine designer, Herbert Selbach, from Selbach Machinery to produce the world's first CNC machine able to automatically implant fiber optics into any flexible material. Receiving the first of a dozen patents based on LED/Optic displays and machinery in 1989, the first CNC machines went into production in 1998 beginning with the production of animated coats for Disney Parks in 1998. The first ECG bio-physical display jackets employing LED/optic displays were created by Wainwright and David Bychkov, the CEO of Exmovere at the time in 2005 using GSR sensors in a watch connected via Bluetooth to the embedded machine washable display in a denim jacket and were demonstrated at the Smart Fabrics Conference held in Washington, D.C. May 7, 2007. Additional smart fabric technologies were unveiled by Wainwright at two Flextech Flexible Display conferences held in Phoenix, AZ, showing infrared digital displays machine-embedded into fabrics for IFF (Identification of Friend or Foe) which were submitted to BAE Systems for evaluation in 2006 and won an "Honorable Mention" award from NASA in 2010 on their Tech Briefs, "Design the Future" contest. MIT personnel purchased several fully animated coats for their researchers to wear at their demonstrations in 1999 to bring attention to their "Wearable Computer" research. Wainwright was commissioned to speak at the Textile and Colorists Conference in Melbourne, Australia on June 5, 2012, where he was requested to demonstrate his fabric creations that change color using any smartphone, indicate callers on mobile phones without a digital display, and contain WIFI security features that protect purses and personal items from theft.
In the mid-1990s a team of MIT researchers led by Steve Mann, Thad Starner, and Sandy Pentland began to develop what they termed wearable computers. These devices consisted of traditional computer hardware attached to and carried on the body. In response to technical, social, and design challenges faced by these researchers, another group at MIT, which included Maggie Orth and Rehmi Post, began to explore how such devices might be more gracefully integrated into clothing and other soft substrates. Among other developments, this team explored integrating digital electronics with conductive fabrics and developed a method for embroidering electronic circuits. One of the first commercially available wearable Arduino based microcontrollers, called the Lilypad Arduino, was also created at the MIT Media Lab by Leah Buechley.
Fashion houses like CuteCircuit are utilizing e-textiles for their haute couture collections and special projects. CuteCircuit's Hug Shirt allows the user to send electronic hugs through sensors within the garment.
Overview
The field of e-textiles can be divided into two main categories:
E-textiles with classical electronic devices such as conductors, integrated circuits, LEDs, OLEDs and conventional batteries embedded into garments.
E-textiles with electronics integrated directly into the textile substrates. This can include either passive electronics such as conductors and resistors or active components like transistors, diodes, and solar cells.
E-textiles are mainly conductive yarn, textile and fabric while the other half of the suppliers and manufacturers use conductive polymers such as polyacetylene and poly-phenylene vinylene).
Most research and commercial e-textile projects are hybrids where electronic components embedded in the textile are connected to classical electronic devices or components. Some examples are touch buttons that are constructed completely in textile forms by using conducting textile weaves, which are then connected to devices such as music players or LEDs that are mounted on woven conducting fiber networks to form displays.
Printed sensors for both physiological and environmental monitoring have been integrated into textiles including cotton, Gore-Tex, and neoprene.
Sensors
Smart textile fabric can be made from materials ranging from traditional cotton, polyester, and nylon, to advanced Kevlar with integrated functionalities. At present, however, fabrics with electrical conductivity are of interest. Electrically conductive fabrics have been produced by deposition of metal nanoparticles around the woven fibers and fabrics. The resulting metallic fabrics are conductive, hydrophilic and have high electroactive surface areas. These properties render them ideal substrates for electrochemical biosensing, which has been demonstrated with the detection of DNA and proteins.
There are two kinds of smart textile (fabric) products that have been developed and studied for health monitoring: Fabric with textile-based sensor electronics and fabric that envelopes traditional sensor electronics. It has shown that weaving can be used to incorporate electrically conductive yarn into a fabric to obtain a textile that can be used as a "Wearable Motherboard". It can connect multiple sensors on the body, such as wet gel ECG electrodes, to the signal acquisition electronics. Later research has shown that conductive yarns can be instrumental in the fabrication of textile-based sensors made of fabric or metallic meshes coated with silver or conductive metal cores woven into the fabric.
There are two broad approaches to the fabrication of garments with ECG sensor electrodes in research:
Finished garments through functionalization or integration of finished garments with sensor elements. This approach involves the integration of finished electrodes into finished garments by simply stitching the electrodes at the appropriate locations on the garment or using deposition techniques to transfer the functional materials at the appropriate locations.
Unfinished garments. The introduction of smart materials during the garment fabrication process. This in Finished approach entails the use of textile fabrication techniques to form woven or nonwoven fabrics with the inclusion of functional materials.
Fibretronics
Just as in classical electronics, the construction of electronic capabilities on textile fibers requires the use of conducting and semi-conducting materials such as a conductive textile. There are a number of commercial fibers today that include metallic fibers mixed with textile fibers to form conducting fibers that can be woven or sewn. However, because both metals and classical semiconductors are stiff material, they are not very suitable for textile fiber applications, since fibers are subjected to much stretch and bending during use.
Smart wearables are consumer-grade connected electronic devices that may be embedded into clothing.
One of the most important issues of e-textiles is that the fibers should be washable. Electrical components would thus need to be insulated during washing to prevent damage.
A new class of electronic materials that are more suitable for e-textiles is the class of organic electronics materials, because they can be conducting, as well as semiconducting, and designed as inks and plastics.
Some of the most advanced functions that have been demonstrated in the lab include:
Organic fiber transistors: the first textile fiber transistor that is completely compatible with textile manufacturing and that contains no metals at all.
Organic solar cells on fibers
Uses
Health monitoring of vital signs such as heart rate, respiration rate, temperature, activity, and posture.
Sports training data acquisition
Monitoring personnel handling hazardous materials
Tracking the position and status of soldiers in action
Military app – Soldier's bulletproof kevlar vest; if the wearer is shot, the material can sense the bullet's impact and send a radio message back to base
Monitoring pilot or truck driver fatigue
Diagnosing amputee discomfort
Innovative fashion (wearable tech)
Regain sensory perception that was previously lost by accident or birth
See also
Activity tracker
Clothing technology
Computer-mediated reality
Cyborg
eHealth
Hexoskin
Futuristic clothing
Heart rate monitor
Identity tag
Wearable technology
Wearable computer
References
Technical fabrics
Ambient intelligence
Emerging technologies
Medical equipment
First aid
Military medicine
Textile industry
Clothing industry
Paul Anthony Bannon (15 November 1956 – 15 February 2016) was an Irish professional footballer who played most of his career as a centre forward, moving to centre half for his last few years in the League of Ireland. Bannon played in England, Wales, the Netherlands, Greece and Ireland, making over 200 career appearances.
Early life
Bannon was born in Dublin, the son of Tipperary senior inter-county hurler, three-time All-Ireland title winner, Séamus Bannon.
Career
Corby Town
Bannon began his career at Nottingham Forest, scoring consistently for the club's reserve side, but never made a senior appearance for the club. Despite the offer of a trial at Swansea City, in July 1977, Bannon joined Southern Football League side Corby Town, making his debut in the first leg of a cup match, a 1–1 draw with Bedford Town. However, he failed to turn up to the second leg of the match which saw him handed a two-week suspension by the club and he would later be fined a weeks wages later in the season after failing to appear at a league match against Burton Albion. Bannon scored 11 goals in 38 matches for the club but, following a row with manager John Loughlan, was released in April 1978. Loughlan later stated: "On reflection it was probably the best thing I ever did for him [...] He was susceptible to any bad influence in the town and certain so-called friends did not help. They were forever trying to lead him astray". Loughlan would later send Bannon a congratulatory telegram on his return to the Football League in 1979.
Football League
Following his release, Bannon briefly played Gaelic football but soon returned to association football with Welsh club Ammanford Town and his impressive form in the opening months of the 1978–79 season, scoring 16 times by October, saw him join Bridgend Town. He again scored consistently and, in February 1979, he joined Football League Third Division side Carlisle United for a fee of £8,500. He spent four years with the Cumbrians, making his debut in a 2–1 defeat to Bury in February 1979, and won promotion to Division Two with the club during the 1981–82 season. In his final year with Carlisle, he spent a brief period on loan with Darlington in 1983 where he made three league appearances.
In 1983, Bannon joined Bristol Rovers and scored double figures in his first season at Eastville Stadium, including a goal in the team's 1984 Gloucestershire Cup final victory over local rivals Bristol City. The following season, Bannon spent short spells on loan at Cardiff City, making four appearances, and Plymouth Argyle where he made two substitute appearances in November in matches against Wigan Athletic and Walsall without scoring.
Greece
After a period playing for NAC Breda in the Netherlands, PAOK Bannon spent the 1987–88 Alpha Ethniki season with PAOK F.C. He played 20 matches and scored nine league goals, including a hat-trick on 14 February against Levadiakos, which made him the club's joint top scorer. At the end of the season, he moved on to Greek champions Larissa. Their first foray into the European Cup was soon over. In the first round of the 1988–89 European Cup, they were drawn against Neuchâtel Xamax of Switzerland. They overcame the Swiss 2–1 in the first leg, but fell to the same scoreline away. The match went to penalties, and Larissa lost 3–0 with Bannon missing the second kick. Bannon finished the league season with three goals from 11 appearances, and then returned home to Ireland.
Ireland
He made his League of Ireland debut for Cork City on 3 September 1989, the opening day of the 1989–90 season, against Drogheda United. Signed as a centre forward, Bannon went back to centre half because of Cork's injury problems, and he was playing in that position when he scored his first league goal, against Dundalk at Oriel Park on 5 November 1989. Former Cork player and manager Dave Barry included Bannon as a defender in his all-time Cork City eleven, selected in 2004.
Bannon played in Cork's first ever European game, against Torpedo Moscow in the 1989–90 European Cup Winners' Cup. Despite suffering from a virus, he played as the lone striker, and had Cork's only two chances – one header over the bar, one saved – as they lost 5–0 in Moscow. Bannon also played twice against Bayern Munich in the 1991–92 UEFA Cup. Overall, he made four appearances for Cork in Europe.
Bannon scored the only goal of the semi-final, against St Patrick's Athletic, to put Cork through to the 1992 FAI Cup Final. They lost 1–0 to Bohemians. In his last game for Cork, he scored the winning goal to win the 1992–93 League of Ireland Premier Division title at the RDS Arena.
He finished his playing career with Cobh Ramblers, and then assisted Mick Conroy with the running of a youth academy in Cork. Successful graduates include Ireland internationals Colin Healy, Damien Delaney and Liam Miller.
After spending 17 years working for the FAI, he died on 15 February 2016.
Honours
Bristol Rovers
Gloucestershire Cup winner: 1984
Cork City
League of Ireland Premier Division winner: 1992–93
References
Sources
Irish Football Handbook by Dave Galvin & Gerry Desmond ()
1956 births
2016 deaths
Association footballers from Dublin (city)
Republic of Ireland association footballers
Association football forwards
Association football defenders
Nottingham Forest F.C. players
Corby Town F.C. players
Carlisle United F.C. players
Darlington F.C. players
Bristol Rovers F.C. players
Cardiff City F.C. players
Plymouth Argyle F.C. players
NAC Breda players
PAOK FC players
Athlitiki Enosi Larissa F.C. players
Cork City F.C. players
Cobh Ramblers F.C. players
English Football League players
Eerste Divisie players
Super League Greece players
League of Ireland players
Republic of Ireland expatriate association footballers
Irish expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Irish expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Irish expatriate sportspeople in the United Kingdom
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Ammanford A.F.C. players
Kendriya Vidyalaya, Rayagada, (Hindi: केन्द्रीय विद्यालय) (Hindi for Central School) is a system of central government schools under the Ministry of Human Resource Development (India). It is run by Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan. It is located in Rayagada, Odisha, India.
History
Kendriya Vidyalaya, Rayagada is a co-educational institution, run by Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan, an autonomous body under the Ministry of Human Resource Development. It was established in 2007. It started functioning in its office in Jeypore Sugar Factory Quarters at Rayagada from 28 February 2007. Presently the institution is functioning in its own campus located at Utkalmani Nagar, Jayaramguda from 8 September 2016, Rayagada. The school is affiliated with CBSE.
The school at Rayagada initially started with class from one to five from 2007, but later on it grew with class 10.
See also
List of Kendriya Vidyalayas
References
External links
Kendriya Vidyalayas
Educational institutions established in 2007
2007 establishments in Orissa
Libertarianism Today is a 2010 book about the modern libertarian movement by Jacob H. Huebert. The work, which received generally positive reviews, has been described as a successor book to Murray Rothbard's For a New Liberty (1973).
Reception
The book has received generally positive reviews from David Gordon, Walter Block, and Stephan Kinsella, among others.
References
2010 non-fiction books
American political books
English-language books
Libertarian books
Libertarianism in the United States
Oligoclonal bands (OCBs) are bands of immunoglobulins that are seen when a patient's blood serum, or cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) is analyzed. They are used in the diagnosis of various neurological and blood diseases, especially in multiple sclerosis.
Two methods of analysis are possible: (a) protein electrophoresis, a method of analyzing the composition of fluids, also known as "SDS-PAGE (sodium dodecyl sulphate polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis)/Coomassie blue staining", and (b) the combination of isoelectric focusing/silver staining. The latter is more sensitive.
For the analysis of cerebrospinal fluid, a patient has a lumbar puncture performed, which collects some of his or her cerebrospinal fluid. The blood serum can be gained from a clotted blood sample. Normally it is assumed that all the proteins that appear in the CSF, but are not present in the serum, are produced intrathecally (inside the central nervous system). Therefore, it is normal to subtract bands in serum from bands in CSF when investigating CNS diseases.
Oligoclonal bands in multiple sclerosis
OCBs are especially important for multiple sclerosis (MS). In MS, normally only OCBs made of immunoglobulin G antibodies are considered, though sometimes other proteins can be taken into account, like lipid-specific immunoglobulin M. The presence of these IgM OCBs is associated with a more severe course.
Typically for an OCB analysis, the CSF is concentrated and the serum is diluted. After this dilution/concentration prealbumin appears as higher on CSF. Albumin is typically the dominant band on both fluids. Transferrin is another prominent protein on CSF column because its small molecular size easily increases its filtration in to CSF. CSF has a relatively higher concentration of prealbumin than does serum. As expected large molecular proteins are absent in CSF column. After all these bands are localized, OCBs should be assessed in the γ region which normally hosts small group of polyclonal immunoglobulins.
New techniques like "capillary isoelectric focusing immunoassay" are able to detect IgG OCBs in more than 95% of multiple sclerosis patients.
Even more than 12 OCBs can appear in MS. Each one of them represent antibody proteins (or protein fragments) secreted by plasma cells, although why exactly these bands are present, and which proteins these bands represent, has not yet been fully elucidated. The target antigens for these antibodies are not easy to find because it requires to isolate a single kind of protein in each band, though new techniques are able to do so.
In 40% of MS patients with OCBs, antibodies specific to the viruses HHV-6 and EBV have been found.
HHV-6 specific OCBs have also been found in other demyelinating diseases. A lytic protein of HHV-6A virus was identified as the target of HHV-6 specific oligoclonal bands.
Though early theories assumed that the OCBs were somehow pathogenic autoantigens, recent research has shown that the IgG present in the OCBs are antibodies against debris, and therefore, OCBs seem to be just a secondary effect of MS. Nevertheless, OCBs remain useful as a biomarker.
Diagnostic value in MS
Oligoclonal bands are an important indicator in the diagnosis of multiple sclerosis. Up to 95% of all patients with multiple sclerosis have permanently observable oligoclonal bands at least for those with European ancestry. The last available reports in 2017 were pointing to a sensitivity of 98% and specificity of 87% for differential diagnosis versus MS mimickers (specificity respect unselected population should be equal or higher).
Other application for OCBs is as a tool to classify patients. It is known since long ago that OCB negative MS patients have a slower evolution. Some reports point that the underlying condition that causes the MS lesions in these patients is different. There are four pathological patterns of damage, and in the majority of patients with pattern II and III brain lesions oligoclonal bands are absent or only transiently present.
Heterogeneity
It has been reported that oligoclonal bands are nearly absent in patients with pattern II and pattern III lesion types.
Six groups of patients are usually separated, based on OCBs:
type 1, no bands in CSF and serum;
type 2, oligoclonal IgG bands in CSF,
type 3, oligoclonal bands in CSF and serum with additional bands in CSF;
type 4, identical oligoclonal bands in CSF and serum,
type 5, monoclonal bands in CSF and serum,
type 6, presence of a single band limited to the CSF.
Type 2 and 3 indicate intrathecal synthesis, and the rest are considered as negative results (No MS).
Alternatives
The main importance of oligoclonal bands was to demonstrate the production of intrathecal immunoglobins (IgGs) for establishing a MS diagnosis. Currently alternative methods for detection of this intrathecal synthesis have been published, and therefore it has lost some of its importance in this area.
A specially interesting method are free light chains (FLC), specially the kappa-FLCs (kFLCs). Several authors have reported that the nephelometric and ELISA FLCs determination is comparable with OCBs as markers of IgG synthesis, and kFLCs behave even better than oligoclonal bands.
Another alternative to oligoclonal bands for MS diagnosis is the MRZ-reaction (MRZR), a polyspecific antiviral immune response against the viruses of measles, rubella and zoster found in 1992.
In some reports the MRZR showed a lower sensitivity than OCB (70% vs. 100%), but a higher specificity (92% vs. 69%) for MS.
Bands in other diseases
The presence of one band (a monoclonal band) may be considered serious, such as lymphoproliferative disease, or may simply be normal—it must be interpreted in the context of each specific patient. More bands may reflect the presence of a disease.
Diseases associated
Oligoclonal bands may be found in:
Multiple sclerosis
Lyme disease
Neuromyelitis optica (Devic's disease)
Systemic lupus erythematosus
Neurosarcoidosis
Subacute sclerosing panencephalitis
Subarachnoid hemorrhage
Syphilis
Primary central nervous system lymphoma
Sjögren's syndrome
Guillain–Barré syndrome
Meningeal carcinomatosis
Multiple myeloma
Parry–Romberg syndrome
External links
Oligoclonal bands in multiple sclerosis - The Medical School, Birmingham University
Oligoclonal Bands in CSF - ClinLab Navigator
References
Immunology
Neurology
Biomarkers
Pechlaurier Lock is a double-chamber lock on the Canal du Midi in the Aude region of Languedoc, France. The adjacent locks are Argens Lock to the east and Ognon Lock to the west.
See also
Locks on the Canal du Midi
Locks on the Canal du Midi
Johann Gottfried von Aschhausen (1575–1622) was the Prince-Bishop of Bamberg from 1609 to 1622 and Prince-Bishop of Würzburg from 1617 to 1622.
Johann Gottfried von Aschhausen was born in Oberlauda, today a district of Lauda-Königshofen, on 12 August 1575. He became a canon of Bamberg Cathedral in 1593, upon the resignation of an older brother. He was ordained as a priest on 22 December 1601. He became the dean of Comburg in 1604. He played a role in the formation of the Catholic League, under the leadership of Maximilian I, Elector of Bavaria, on 10 July 1609.
He was elected Prince-Bishop of Bamberg on 21 July 1609, with Pope Paul V confirming the appointment on 4 November 1609. He was consecrated as a bishop by Wolfgang von Hausen, Prince-Bishop of Regensburg, on 2 February 1610. As Prince-Bishop of Bamberg, he sought to curb the growth of Protestantism in the Prince-Bishopric of Bamberg, inviting the Jesuits to assume an important role in education in Bamberg. He conducted a witch-hunt in the Prince-Bishopric of Bamberg in 1612–13 and again in 1617–18, which saw approximately 300 accused witches burnt at the stake in this period.
He was elected Prince-Bishop of Würzburg on October 5, 1617, with Pope Paul V confirming the appointment on February 10, 1618. This created a personal union between the Prince-Bishopric of Bamberg and the Prince-Bishopric of Würzburg. During the Thirty Years' War, Bamberg and Würzburg deployed large numbers of infantry and cavalry in 1620 and 1622.
He died in Regensburg on 29 December 1622 and is buried in Bamberg Cathedral.
References
External links
1575 births
1622 deaths
People from Lauda-Königshofen
Prince-Bishops of Bamberg
Prince-Bishops of Würzburg
In right-hand traffic, the yellow trap is a potentially dangerous scenario in traffic flow through a traffic light relating to permissive left turns. It occurs when a circular yellow light is displayed to a movement with permissive left turns, while at the same time, opposing through traffic still has a circular green light. Some drivers facing the circular yellow (then red) lights will assume the opposite direction faces the same color display, and that oncoming traffic will stop. This leads to potential traffic conflict if drivers attempt to complete a left turn when it is not safe to do so. The left-turning driver may legally be at fault, for failure to yield, but made an understandable mistake.
Solutions to the yellow trap include the flashing yellow arrow, Dallas phasing, Arlington phasing, simultaneously ending both through movements (circular green lights change to yellow, then red) before serving both left-turn movements (green arrows), or prohibiting one of the two left-turn movements.
Many agencies in North America routinely allow the yellow trap, especially during emergency vehicle preemption, despite clear prohibition from the Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices. The MUTCD allows this sequence only if a sign reading '''Oncoming Traffic Has Extended Green''' or '''Oncoming Traffic May Have Extended Green''' is posted. Some of this stems from difficulties programming older traffic signal control software to prevent the yellow trap, but many stems from traffic engineers or technicians not understanding the yellow trap hazard, or believing it is not a serious problem.
In left-hand traffic, the same scenario is applicable for drivers turning right.
References
External links
Fixing the Yellow Trap, Kittelson & Associates.
Interim Approval for Optional Use of Flashing Yellow Arrow for Permissive Left Turns (IA-10) from the Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices.
Yellow Trap Index Page, midimagic.sgc-hosting.com
Traffic signals
Your House Helper () is a 2018 South Korean television series based on a webcomic of the same title which was first published in 2014 by KTOON and lasted on the said platform for three seasons. The series stars Ha Seok-jin, Bona, Lee Ji-hoon, Ko Won-hee, Jeon Soo-jin and Seo Eun-ah. It aired on KBS2's Wednesdays and Thursdays at 22:00 (KST) time slot from July 4 to August 29, 2018.
Synopsis
A man, who works as a house helper, helps arrange people's homes, lives and relationships.
Cast
Main
Ha Seok-jin as Kim Ji-woon, a man from a prominent family who ends up working as a housekeeper.
Bona as Im Da-young, an ambitious intern at an advertising company who tries to become a full-time employee and inherited both a house and debt from her father.
Lee Ji-hoon as Kwon Jin-kook, a skilled lawyer with a wealthy background.
Ko Won-hee as Yoon Sang-ah, a jewelry designer.
Jeon Soo-jin as Kang Hye-joo, an accessory seller who has a complicated relationship with her boyfriend.
Seo Eun-ah as Han So-mi, a nail shop owner who is scared of men after going through a traumatic event in the past.
Supporting
People around Ji-woon
Jo Hee-bong as Go Tae-soo
Yeon Joon-seok as Park Ga-ram
People around Da-young
Yoon Joo-sang as Jang Yong-geon
Jeong Suk-yong as Da-young's Team Leader
Lee Min-young as Ahn Jin-hong
Im Ji-kyu as Oh Yoon-gi
Kim Min-seok as Seo Ho-gi
Song Sang-eun as Baek Jang-mi
Inoa as Choi Na-ri
Others
Lee Do-gyeom as Bang Cheol-su
Yeon Joon-seok as Park Ga-Ram
Kim Seon-ho as Yong-joon (cameo)
Production
The first script reading of the cast was held on May 21, 2018 at KBS Annex Broadcasting Station in Yeouido.
Original soundtrack
Part 1
Part 2
Part 3
Part 4
Part 5
Part 6
Viewership
In the table below, represent the lowest ratings and represent the highest ratings.
NR denotes that the drama did not rank in the top 20 daily programs on that date.
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
External links
Korean Broadcasting System television dramas
Korean-language television shows
2018 South Korean television series debuts
2018 South Korean television series endings
South Korean romantic comedy television series
Television shows based on South Korean webtoons
Mark Lasoff is a visual effects artist.
He won at the 70th Academy Awards for the film Titanic, he shared his win with Thomas L. Fisher, Michael Kanfer, and Robert Legato. This was in the category of Best Visual Effects.
Selected filmography
Total Recall (1990)
In the Line of Fire (1993)
Apollo 13 (1995)
Titanic (1997)
The Scorpion King (2002)
References
External links
Living people
Best Visual Effects Academy Award winners
Special effects people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Senator Edgarton may refer to:
Alfred Peck Edgerton (1813–1897), Ohio State Senate
Alonzo J. Edgerton (1827–1896), U.S. Senator from Minnesota
Edward H. Edgerton (1863–1934), Vermont State Senate
This is a list of historical administrative divisions of Serbia since the establishment of the Principality of Serbia until today.
Principality of Serbia
1819–1833
12 nahije ( nahija, from Ottoman nahiye), 45 knežine ( knežina), 1,396 villages and towns.
1834–1836
In 1833, six nahiye were ceded to Serbia with the "Third Hatišerif", an edict (hatt-i sharif) issued by Sultan Mahmud II (r. 1808–1839). In 1834, the Parliament decided that Serbia be divided on five governorships (serdarstvo) and 19 districts (okrug), thereby ending the form of administrative units that originated in the Ottoman Empire. The districts were in turn divided into captaincies (kapetanije), later called srezovi ( srez).
1836–1878
Kingdom of Serbia
Serbia gained full internationally recognized independence in 1878 and proclaimed a Kingdom in 1882. In 1890, it was divided into 15 districts (okruzi) which were further divided into counties (srezovi). Cities of Belgrade and Niš had special administrative status. The districts were: Valjevo, Vranje, Kragujevac, Krajina, Kruševac, Morava, Pirot, Podrinje, Podunavlje, Požarevac, Rudnik, Timok, Toplica, Užice and Crna Reka. In 1900 the Podunavlje district was divided into the districts of Belgrade and Smederevo and in 1902 the district of Čačak was separated from Rudnik district.
In 1912 and 1913 Serbia enlarged its territory after victorious First Balkan War. In August 1913, 11 new districts were formed in the newly liberated areas: Bitola, Debar, Kavadarci, Novi Pazar, Kumanovo, Pljevlja, Prizren, Priština, Skopje, Tetovo and Štip. Few months later, Pljevlja and Debar districts were abolished and the new Prijepolje and Ohrid districts formed instead. A new Zvečan district was formed as well.
Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes
Pokrajinas
Serbia
North Serbia
South Serbia
Montenegro
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Dalmatia
Croatia and Slavonia
Slovenia
Banat, Bačka and Baranja
Oblasts
Bačka
Belgrade
Bihać
Bitolj
Bregalnica
Dubrovnik
Kosovo
Ljubljana
Maribor
Morava
Mostar
Niš
Osijek
Podrinje
Podunavlje
Požarevac
Primorje-Krajina
Kruševac
Raška
Sarajevo
Skoplje
Split
Syrmia
Šumadija
Timok
Travnik
Tuzla
Užice
Valjevo
Vranje
Vrbas
Zagreb
Zeta
SR Serbia
The Socialist Republic of Serbia, and later the Republic of Serbia (from September 28, 1990) had a complex administrative division whereby Central Serbia was subdivided into nine Intermunicipal Regional Communities (Međuopštinske regionalne zajednice - MRZ). These were:
The City of Belgrade (numbered 1 on the map) was considered the capital city of Serbia and officially designated as the Collectivity of City Municipalities of Belgrade, also known as Greater Belgrade (or the Metropolitan Area of Belgrade) in geographical literature.
MRZs existed officially until December 31, 1990.
See also
Administrative divisions of Serbia in the Middle Ages
References
Theo Devaney (born 25 August 1984) is an English actor best known for his portrayal of Gavin MacLeod in Supernatural (2014-2017) and Simon in A Christmas Prince (2017), A Christmas Prince: The Royal Wedding (2018), and A Christmas Prince: The Royal Baby (2019). In 2011 for The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings he is the voice of Aryan La Valette.
Education
Born in London, Devaney graduated from a three-year Professional Acting training at the Oxford School of Drama in 2005.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
English actors
Living people
1984 births
Nilland is a serif typeface designed by Manfred Klein. It is primarily intended for headers, not body text.
Variants
There are five main variants of Nilland:
Nilland-Black
Nilland-Bold
Nilland-ExtraBold
Nilland-SmallCaps
Nilland-SmallCaps-Bold
Unicode ranges
Nilland contains support for characters in 9 different Unicode ranges:
Basic Latin
Latin-1 Supplement
Latin Extended-A
Latin Extended-B
Spacing Modifier Letters
General Punctuation
Letterlike Symbols
Mathematical Operators
Private Use Area
References
External links
https://www.dafont.com/nilland.font
Slab serif typefaces
Display typefaces
D. carnea may refer to:
Dalea carnea, a flowering plant
Darwinia carnea, an evergreen shrub
Dendronephthya carnea, a soft coral
Duebenia carnea, a cup fungus
The Worshipful Company of International Bankers is one of the livery companies of the City of London. Its members are current or former members of the financial services industry, primarily banking. It is based in a building in Austin Friars, near Liverpool Street station.
In 1999 the City of London Corporation extended the possibility of freedom of the City of London beyond UK, Commonwealth and European Union citizens. This led to the possibility of a company with "international" membership. The Guild of International Bankers was founded in July 2001 and in October 2002 it became a company without livery. On 21 September 2004 its petition for livery status was granted by the Court of Aldermen. A Royal Charter was granted on 10 December 2007.
The Company ranks 106th in the order of precedence for the City livery companies. Its motto, A Natione ad Nationem, translates from Latin as "From Nation to Nation", reflecting its international character. The arms of the Company are blazoned: Per pale Sable and Gules a Dragon rampant Argent within an Orle of ten Bezants.
The Company is affiliated with several others, including HMS Belfast Sea Cadets & 16F (Wood Green & Hornsey) Squadron of the Air Training Corps.
The Company is a member of the Financial Services Group of Livery Companies, the other 11 members of which are the Worshipful Companies of Chartered Accountants, Actuaries, Arbitrators, Chartered Secretaries and Administrators, Insurers, Information Technologists, City of London Solicitors, Management Consultants, Marketors, Tax Advisers, and World Traders.
The Company's Church is St Mary-le-Bow
External links
International Bankers' Company website
References
International Bankers
2001 establishments in England
International banking institutions
Banking in the United Kingdom
Bankers associations
Tullylish () is a small village, townland (of 513 acres) and civil parish in County Down, Northern Ireland. It sits on the River Bann, along the main road between the towns of Banbridge and Portadown. In the 2001 Census it had a population of 105 people. It lies within the civil parish of Tullylish and Banbridge District.
People
John Butler Yeats (artist and writer, 1839–1922), father of William Butler Yeats and Jack Butler Yeats, was brought up in Tullylish at Vicarage Farm, Lawrencetown.
Jeremy Irons (actor); the BBC series Who Do You Think You Are? revealed that Jeremy Irons family originated from Tullylish Parish, Gilford.
Jane Whiteside (1855–1875), notable New Zealand tightrope dancer, gymnast and magician, was born in Tullylish
John O'Dowd (1967-), Sinn Féin MLA for Upper Bann and former Minister of Education.
Sport
Lawrencetown is home to Tullylish G.A.A club, which was originally known as 'St. Patrick's G.A.A Club' when it was formed in July 1944.
Civil parish of Tullylish
The civil parish is mainly within the historic barony of Iveagh Lower, Upper Half with one townland (Tullyrain) in the barony of Iveagh Lower, Lower Half. It also contains the villages of Gilford, Lawrencetown and Bleary.
Townlands
The civil parish contains the following townlands:
Ballydugan
Ballymacanallen
Ballynagarrick
Bleary
Clare
Coose
Drumaran
Drumhorc
Drummiller
Drumnascamph
Kernan
Knocknagore
Lenaderg
Lisnafiffy
Loughans
Moyallan
Mullabrack
Tullylish
Tullyrain
See also
List of civil parishes of County Down
List of townlands in County Down
References
NI Neighbourhood Information System
Tullylish Parish
Tullylish - Its Celtic Origins
Ulster History Circle - John Butler Yeats
Tullylish G.A.A Club
External links
Tullylish Parish website
Villages in County Down
Townlands of County Down
Banbridge District Council
The Laver Cup is an international indoor hard court men's team tennis tournament between Team Europe and Team World, the latter of which is composed of players from all other continents except Europe. Usually held annually since 2017, the tournament is intended to be the Ryder Cup of the tennis world. It normally takes place two weeks after the US Open, with the location rotating between various host cities (that usually do not have an ATP Tour event); alternating yearly between European cities and cities in the rest of the world. In addition to the guaranteed participation fees which are based upon the players' ATP rankings, each member of the winning team gets $250,000 in prize money, but the tournament itself does not count towards the players' point totals in the ATP Tour for that year. In May 2019, the Laver Cup became an officially sanctioned ATP Tour event.
Matches during the Laver Cup tournament differ from conventional 3-set matches played on the ATP Tour; in the event when the match is tied at one set all, a 10-point “match tiebreak” is played instead of a deciding final set (this is to ensure that all matches conclude within a reasonable timeframe of approximately 2 hours, whilst enabling 4 matches to be completed within a match day – that begins either at 1 pm local time for Days 1 & 2, or at 12 noon local time for the final Day 3 of the tournament). In addition, unlike conventional ATP tour matches, coaching of match participants is commonly applied courtside by teammates and team captains.
Format
The competition pits six top European players against six of their counterparts from the rest of the world. Each team is led by a team captain, who is a tennis legend. Three of the six players qualify based on their ATP singles ranking as of the Monday following the French Open in June. Three are "captain's picks", announced by the start of the US Open, in August.
There are 12 matches played over three days (nine singles and three doubles). Each match victory on day 1 is worth one point, on day 2 two points, and on day 3 three points. The first team to claim 13 points wins the tournament. Therefore, the winning team can only be decided on day 3.
No player plays singles more than twice. At least four of the six team members take part in doubles. All matches start as two sets, a 10-point “match tiebreak” is played if the match is level at one set all.
In the event both teams are tied at 12 points each, a fifth match known as “The Decider” is played on day 3, whereby one set is played as a regular set with ad scoring and a tiebreak.
In the event that only one match is required on Sunday (last previous occurrence was at the 2021 Laver Cup), an exhibition match is played following the trophy ceremony.
Tournament schedule
History
The tournament is named after Australian Rod Laver, a tennis player widely regarded as one of the greatest in the history of the sport (Laver is the only player, male or female, to win all four major titles in the same calendar year, winning the Grand Slam twice in singles, in 1962 and 1969; the latter remains the only time a man has done so in the Open Era.) Roger Federer's management company, TEAM8, Brazilian businessman and former Davis Cup player Jorge Paulo Lemann, and Tennis Australia partnered to create the Laver Cup. Roger Federer was inspired to create a tennis team tournament based on the biennial Ryder Cup golf tournament, which features the best golfers from the United States playing against the best golfers from Europe. However, Laver Cup differs as it is purely an invitational event based on past historical performances; selection of (and the playing agreement with) the tournament participants are not automatically based from the highest ranked players of the recent ATP Tour world rankings.
Former rivals Björn Borg of Sweden (Team Europe) and John McEnroe of the United States (Team World) were announced to serve as captains for at least the first three editions. After the 2019 edition, they announced that they will reprise their roles as team captains for a fourth straight edition.
2017: Inaugural edition
The first edition was held in Prague from 22 to 24 September 2017, at the O2 Arena. Team Europe defeated Team World 15–9.
2018
The second edition was held in Chicago from 21 to 23 September 2018, at the United Center. Team Europe defeated Team World 13–8.
2019
The third edition was held in Geneva from 20 to 22 September 2019, at the Palexpo. Team Europe defeated Team World 13−11.
2021
The fourth edition was held in Boston from 24 to 26 September 2021, at the TD Garden. It was originally scheduled for September 2020, but was postponed because of the COVID-19 pandemic to avoid overlapping with the 2020 French Open, which was also rescheduled. Team Europe defeated Team World 14−1.
2022
The fifth edition was held in London from 23 to 25 September 2022, at the O2 Arena.
This tournament marked the retirement of Roger Federer. Team World defeated Team Europe for the first time by a margin of 13−8.
Records and statistics
Tournament editions
Team statistics
Players
Records
Statistics
Participating nations
See also
Davis Cup
Billie Jean King Cup
ATP Cup
Hopman Cup
References
External links
Official website
ATP Tour
Men's tennis tournaments
Hard court tennis tournaments
Recurring sporting events established in 2017
Indoor tennis tournaments
Ipomoea costata, commonly known as rock morning glory, is an Australian native plant. It is found in northern Australia, from Western Australia, through the Northern Territory, to Queensland. Its tubers provide a form of bush tucker to some Aboriginal peoples, known as bush potato, or (to the Ngururrpa groups in WA), karnti.
Description
It is a prostrate or climbing perennial growing up to 3 m high, with purple-blue-pink flowers from February to November. Juvenile form is a vine, maturing into a woody-stemmed shrub with vine-like stems. Leaves are broad and leathery, 4-9 cm long. Tubers are rounded, 12-20 cm long by 5-18 cm wide, with a single plant potentially having up to twenty tubers.
Habitat
It occurs on sandy or rocky soils, often over limestone, and on spinifex sand plains in northern Australia.
Uses
It is the source of bush potato, a bush tucker food for Aboriginal people. Bush potatoes are cooked on the warm earth under coals, and are peeled when cooked.
Aboriginal names
In Central Australia, I. costata is also known to Aboriginal people by the following names:
Alyawarr: anaty
Anmatyerr: anaty or anek
Eastern Arrernte: anatye
Western Arrernte: natye
Pintupi: ala or yala
Warlpiri: karnti or paparda
References
External links
Alice Springs Town Council
Solanales of Australia
Bushfood
Australian Aboriginal bushcraft
costata
Eudicots of Western Australia
Flora of the Northern Territory
Flora of Queensland
I'm Going Home may refer to:
I'm Going Home (film), a 2001 French/Portuguese film written and directed by Manoel de Oliveira
"I'm Going Home" (Rocky Horror song), a song from The Rocky Horror Picture Show
"I'm Going Home", a song by The Choir
"I'm Going Home", a song by The Kingston Trio from The Kingston Trio (Nick Bob John)
"I'm Going Home", a song by Mickey & Sylvia, B-side of the single "Love Is Strange"
"I'm Going Home", a song by Sacred Harp Singers from the Cold Mountain soundtrack
"I'm Going Home", a song by Tanita Tikaram from Everybody's Angel
"I'm Going Home", a song by Ten Years After from Undead
"I'm Going Home", a song by The Zombies from Zombie Heaven
See also
"Home" (Daughtry song)
Going Home (disambiguation)
Civil rights in the state of Utah are part of the United States constitutional law. Rights are granted to individuals are determined on the national level through the 13th and 14th Amendments in the United States Constitution and each state has the power to integrate and enforce laws about civil rights in different ways in their state constitution. Social and religious standards have impacted civil rights in Utah and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) has been a major influence on legislature.
Social and political movements involving groups and minorities such as women in the Feminist movement, Hispanics in the Chicano Movement, LGBT in the LGTBQ movement, and African Americans in the civil rights movement have lobbied for laws to protect these groups' rights, allowing them access to equal wages, jobs, education, housing, and the ability to vote.
Women's civil rights
Voting
Women gained the national right to vote in 1920. In Utah women were granted the right to vote in 1870, two decades before statehood was achieved. Sarah Young, the niece of Brigham Young, was the first woman to legally vote in the United States, due to a municipal election held on February 14, 1869 (Wyoming had recognized women's right to vote earlier that year, but had not yet held an election and the LDS Church had given women the right to vote). In 1887 Congress passed the Edmunds–Tucker Act, which was designed to limit some of the practices of the LDS Church such as polygamy. This disenfranchised women voters, who regained the right to vote when the Act was later revoked. Utah was also the first state to have a female State Senator, Martha Hughes Cannon.
Other rights
Utah has been criticized as one of the worst states for women's equality, as it has the largest gaps in wage and education attainment between men and women in the United States. It also ranked poorly in unemployment, political representation, and health and reproductive freedoms. The program Better Days 2020 was launched in the state in order to honor the history of women's suffrage in Utah and help improve the equality of women within the state.
Hispanic civil rights
Settlement
In the early 1900s the first hispanic settlement was established in Monticello in the Southeast part of Utah. More hispanic establishments were started in other parts of Utah where they worked on cattle and sheep farms, railroads, and in coal mines. Eventually Hispanics became the largest minority, and played a role during the civil rights movement. In 1958, Spanish-speaking Organization for Community Integrity and Opportunity, SOCIO was created to fight for the rights of Hispanics in Utah. Its purpose was to unify members of hispanic communities from across Utah and promote equality and respect for their race.
Statistics
Latinos make up 21% of the entire United States population. In Utah, the Latino community is a minority, but they are the largest minority in the state, making up approximately 14% of the state population. While they are the largest minority group, they are not spread out evenly throughout the state, which is evident when looking at school districts. Provo City School District is approximately 24% Latino while Nebo and Alpine Districts are around 12%. This correlates to the fact that the Provo City School District population is 41% economically disadvantaged while Nebo and Alpine Districts are around 20% economically disadvantaged. Most Latinos are living in Utah county, many are beginning to move out due to increasing housing prices. Housing for Latinos is a problem in Utah because of the language barrier. Many Latinos moving to Utah are taken advantage of from landlords because they do not have connections to help them or speak the same language. There is a pattern of landlords raising rent, causing Latinos to leave because they cannot afford rent . Utah has Circle Programs in place to help the Latino community with financial stability and food. Circle Programs are community based programs whose purpose is to help individuals and families gain resources help needed to be successful.
LGTBQ civil rights
Previous Issues of LGTBQ in Utah
The LGTBQ community has been present in Utah since before the case of Equality Utah v. Utah State Board of Education. In this case, students fought against the State of Utah for discriminating and banning positive conversations regarding LGBTQ students in public schools. In this case, students fought against the State of Utah for discriminating and banning positive conversations regarding LGBTQ students in public schools.
Since the beginning of the State of Utah, there has been a strong Latter-day Saint influence in the legislation. This influence was shown through the different laws set in place for the State of Utah. In 1851, a person of the male gender was not allowed to have sexual intercourse with another man. Resulting in the ban of homosexual behavior. Up until 1969, it was a felony to practice sodomy. It was in 1969 when the charges of sodomy got reduced to a misdemeanor.
Discrimination
The LGTBQ community faces many challenges living in Utah. Same-sex marriage was not made legal in the state until 2014. Because of the legalization, same-sex couples were granted the same benefits as other married couples. In 2013, same-sex couples were allowed to adopt or have a surrogate mother in order to have children. From the controversy of legalizing same-sex marriage in Utah, state legislature passed a law banning discrimination against gender identity and sexual orientation in the workplace and through housing.
African American civil rights
Population and influence
The African American influence in Utah has been slim, and close to none. The first African-Americans in Utah were those that were a part of the fur trade, that settled in Cache Valley. The State of Utah is predominately of the white, European race. In Utah, African Americans make up about 2% of the population. Due to the high influence and population of the white, European's in Utah; laws were implemented to benefit those of the majority, rather than the minority. In 1898, a Utah state law was passed that banned marriage between a man and woman of opposite races.
Effects of Civil Right Movement
The era of the civil rights movement in 1950 brought change to Utah and the African Americans living there. Many African Americans faced discrimination as they came to Utah, but as public attractions such as Lagoon Amusement Park started to appear segregation began to disappear. In Utah today, there is a large divide between races in the Salt Lake area. Most of the African American population and other minorities living on the west side of the city.
References
Civil rights in the United States
Utah culture
Monmore Green railway station was a railway station built by the London and North Western Railway on their Stour Valley Line in 1863. It served the Monmore Green area of Wolverhampton, and was located near to the junction of Bilston Road and Landport Road.
The station closed in 1916, although the Rugby-Birmingham-Stafford Line loop from the West Coast Main Line still runs through the site of the station today. As you pass along this stretch of track, the exact position of the station is coincident with a widening of the track-side paraphernalia, most defined on the eastern track edge.
References
Disused railway stations in Wolverhampton
Former London and North Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1863
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1916
The 8th Alabama Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War.
Service
The 8th Alabama Infantry Regiment was mustered in at Richmond, Virginia, on June 10, 1861.
The regiment surrendered at Appomattox Court House.
Total strength and casualties
The 8th mustered 1377 men during its existence. It suffered approximately 300 killed in action or mortally wounded and 170 men who died of disease, for a total of approximately 470 fatalities. An additional 236 men were discharged or transferred from the regiment.
Commanders
Colonel John Anthony Winston
Colonel Young Lea Royston
Colonel Hilary Abner Herbert
See also
Alabama Civil War Confederate Units
Alabama in the American Civil War
References
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Alabama
1861 establishments in Alabama
Military units and formations established in 1861
Military units and formations established in 1961
There are 4 dong in Dobong-gu.
Banghak-dong (방학동 放鶴洞) 1, 2, 3
Chang-dong (창동 倉洞) 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
Dobong-dong (도봉동 道峰洞) 1, 2
Ssangmun-dong (쌍문동 雙門洞) 1, 2, 3, 4
List by population and area
General information
Michele Boldrin (; 20 August 1956) is an Italian-born economist, academic and former politician expert in economic growth, business cycles, technological progress and intellectual property. He is currently the Joseph Gibson Hoyt Distinguished Professor in Arts & Sciences at Washington University in St. Louis. Along with his colleague and coauthor David Levine, he was part of the group of 200 economists publicly opposing the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. He later publicly defended his position on the issue in various international media, including a public debate with Brad DeLong.
Biography
Boldrin was born and raised in Padua, Italy, and later moved to Venice. He did his undergraduate studies at the University of Venice. He then received his M.S. (1985) and Ph.D. (1987) in economics from the University of Rochester in New York, under the supervision of Lionel McKenzie. Before moving to St. Louis in the Fall of 2006, he has taught at University of Chicago (1986–87), UCLA (1987–94), Kellogg School of Management (1990–94), Charles III University of Madrid (1994–99), and University of Minnesota (1999–2006). He is a research fellow at the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis since 2006.
He is a Fellow of the Econometric Society, a past Associate Editor of Econometrica and (past) Editor and (current) Associate Editor of the Review of Economic Dynamics, among other academic journals. He (co-)wrote four books and was a visiting professor in Barcelona, Rio de Janeiro, Mexico City, Tokyo, and a number of other places. He is affiliated with CEPR and director of FEDEA. He is one of the founding editors of the Italian blog noiseFromAmerika and he contributes regularly to Against Monopoly and Nada es Gratis, which are respectively in English and Spanish. His two most recent books are Against Intellectual Monopoly, coauthored with David K. Levine (CUP, 2008) and Tremonti, istruzioni per il disuso, coauthored with Alberto Bisin, Sandro Brusco, Andrea Moro and Giulio Zanella (Ancora, 2010), in Italian.
Before 2013 Italian general election he co-founded with economist Luigi Zingales and journalist Oscar Giannino the liberist political movement Act to Stop the Decline. After the failure of the 2014 European Parliament election, he resigned. Later on he focused on his own YouTube channel and founded in late 2018 a libertarian think-tank called "Liberi Oltre le illusioni" ("Free beyond illusions").
Boldrin is a member of the Board of Trustees and the Scientific Council of Foundation IMDEA Social Sciences.
Political and scientific views
He has been an outspoken critic of Modern Monetary Theory, debating with American economist Warren Mosler and Italian journalist Paolo Barnard. In his youth, he has been an Avanguardia Operaia supporter, while taking office as provincial secretary of the Italian Communist Youth Federation. Later on he was a GOP and Lega Nord supporter, but later on switched to more liberal positions, endorsing Italian anti-religious activist Marco Cappato. However, he is very critical of More Europe, the party Marco Cappato belongs to, especially criticizing their economic plan and the alliances within the party and defined the members of the party as "sell-outs". He compared Trump-led GOP to the Italian right-wing party Lega Nord (after the rise of Matteo Salvini), as well as to Berlusconism. He criticized Nassim Taleb, as well as econophysics in general, debating with Italian physicist Francesco Sylos Labini.
Research
Michele Boldrin conducts ongoing research in dynamic general equilibrium theory, focusing specifically on the sources of business fluctuations, growth and development, technological innovation, and intellectual property. Collaborating with David K. Levine, Boldrin examines the role played by competitive versus monopolistic markets in growth and innovation. They posit that little evidence exists for the presence of increasing returns at the aggregate level, and thus argue that there is no reason to believe that increasing returns play an important role in actual economic growth. This implies that, in theory as in practice, competitive markets favor and promote continued growth and innovation, whereas monopoly power is not necessary and probably harmful to technological change and economic development. Their theory concludes that existing claims for the necessity of intellectual property in the process of growth and innovation are greatly exaggerated.
Books
Michele Boldrin and David K. Levine, Against Intellectual Monopoly, Cambridge University Press, 2008.
References
External links
Michele Boldrin's biography
Publications, from the Open Library.
Blog on il Fatto Quotidiano
NoiseFromAmerika
1956 births
Living people
Washington University in St. Louis faculty
University of Rochester alumni
Intellectual property activism
Politicians from Padua
People from St. Louis
University of Minnesota faculty
Northwestern University faculty
Charles III University of Madrid faculty
Fellows of the Econometric Society
Italian emigrants to the United States
Economists from Missouri
21st-century American economists
Act to Stop the Decline politicians
Comitas wynyardensis is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Description
The length of this species attains 27 mm, its diameter 8 mm.
(Original description) The shell is of small to medium size, somewhat narrow elongate fusiform. The aperture and the siphonal canal have about the same length as the spire. The spire is acute, made up of a rather small embryonic portion, succeeded by numerous, gradually increasing, convex, and more or less strongly costated whorls. The apical angle is about twenty-five to thirty degrees. The protoconch is rather small, consisting of about smooth convex whorls. The spire consistis of seven or eight regularly convex whorls, with their greatest convexity about the middle of each whorl, and with a well-impressed suture.. The aperture is oval. The outer lip is rather thin and smooth internally, with a well-defined broad but comparatively shallow sinus just below the suture. From the sinus the lip projects slightly forward with
a regular convex arch, then curving downwards to join the anterior canal. The sinuses about one to one-and-a-half millimetre broad, but usually only about half this measurement in depth. At the anterior end the aperture opens into a long, straight, slender and open siphonal canal, which is much longer than the aperture. The inner lip shows a thin enamel coating. The columella is simple and smooth, straight, slender, and gently tapering to the anterior end. The surface is ornamented with oblique ribs, which are most highly elevated about the middle of each whorl, and fade off more rapidly towards the posterior suture than the anterior. The ribs number usually nine to a whorl, an occasional example shows as many as eleven or twelve on the body whorl. The strength of development of the ribs is somewhat variable, especially on the anterior whorls, where they are occasionally only just visible. The ribs are traversed by comparatively coarse and fine spiral threads. Of these there are four to six coarser and more prominent than the rest, situated in the anterior two-thirds of each whorl, especially prominent where they cross the ribs, more numerous, amounting to about eight or nine, on the body whorl, with much broader interspaces between each of which has a medial finer thread with a pair of still tinier
threads on either side of it. The posterior third is occupied by from about ten to fifteen very fine spiral threadlets, also the fine lines of growth of the sinus are in this space. Both ribs and spiral threads are traversed by the fine oblique forwardly directed lines of growth.
Distribution
This marine species is endemic to Australia. Fossils have been found in Eocene strata of Table Cape, Tasmania
References
External links
wynyardensis
Gastropods described in 1896
Gastropods of Australia
Frank Eugene Taylor (March 16, 1916 - November 16, 1999) was an American book publisher and movie producer. During his four-decade career in publishing he worked with authors including Vladimir Nabokov, Eldridge Cleaver, and George Orwell. His work as a producer in Hollywood includes the 1961 film The Misfits. Taylor's papers are held at the Lilly Library, Indiana University, Bloomington, Indiana, and include correspondence with Charlie Chaplin, James Agee, Ralph Ellison, and Christopher Isherwood.
Personal life
Frank E. Taylor was born in Malone, New York, and received a bachelor's degree in 1938 from Hamilton College. He married Nan Scallon (later Nan Taylor Abell), radio host and producer, in 1942, and they had four sons before divorcing in 1975. The family entertained Taylor's literary colleagues such as Marshall McLuhan, Alfred Kazin, and Arthur Miller with his wife Marilyn Monroe, during dinner parties at the Taylors' home in Belle Haven, Greenwich, Connecticut.
Career
Pursuing a career in book publishing, Taylor was with Reynal & Hitchcock from 1941 to 1947, becoming editor-in-chief in 1944. There, he saw his first publishing success with Strange Fruit, the 1944 bestselling debut novel by American author Lillian Smith. Dealing with interracial romance, the novel had originally been titled "Jordan is so Chilly" but Taylor encouraged Smith to change the title to "Strange Fruit" in reference to the song protesting the lynching of Black Americans made famous by Billie Holiday. Another of Taylor's successes at Reynal and Hitchcock was Malcolm Lowry's Under the Volcano. Taylor notably also published Arthur Miller, both his 1944 non-fiction Situation Normal, based on Miller's experiences researching the war correspondence of Ernie Pyle, and his 1945 novel Focus which deals with issues of racism, particularly antisemitism.
In 1948 Taylor joined Random House as editor, scout and project director. He was an early supporter of Ralph Ellison who was under contract with Reynal, and moved to Random House along with Taylor to publish his novel Invisible Man. Invisible Man won the U.S. National Book Award for Fiction in 1953, making Ellison the first African American writer to win the award. The book has never been out of print since.
At this time, Taylor was also under contract with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and moved with his family to Hollywood. Taylor produced one award-winning, low-budget film noir for MGM in 1950, Mystery Street. After this he moved to 20th Fox for a spell but with many friends being black listed during the second "red scare" Taylor decided to quit Fox and return to NY and publishing. He did also have one movie near-miss: when he told his friend Malcolm Lowry that he was producing a screen version of F. Scott Fitzgerald's Tender is the Night, Lowry and his wife, Margerie Bonner, proceeded to write a 455 page filmscript that Taylor felt was "brilliant" but which "quickly sank into oblivion." It was eventually published in 1990 as The Cinema of Malcolm Lowry: A Scholarly Edition of Lowry's Tender Is the Night. There is also a record of his working with W.H. Auden, Chester Kallman and Christopher Isherwood in 1959, on a musical based on Isherwood's 1939 novel Goodbye to Berlin.
Back in New York he was soon hired by Dell Publishing where from 1952-1961 he introduced classics in paperback form under the umbrella imprint "Laurel Editions" which included the Laurel Henry James series and the Laurel Poetry Series. Taylor also published James Baldwin's Go Tell It on the Mountain; Grace Metalious's Peyton Place; and Françoise Sagan's Bonjour Tristesse in paperback for Dell. Then in 1959 he was asked by his friends John Huston and Arthur Miller to produce their film The Misfits so he returned to Hollywood. The Misfits were a commercial failure at the time of its release, but received critical acclaim for its script and performances and many critics now consider the film to be a masterpiece.
Next, Taylor was publisher and executive officer of Avon Books, then a division of Hearst Corporation. In 1962 he brought in the young editor Peter Mayer who would eventually succeed him. Mayer introduced Taylor to Henry Roth's 1934 book Call It Sleep and in 1964, Avon printed it for the first time in paperback. A review in The New York Times marked the first time a paperback appeared on its Book Review's front page.
From 1965 to 1970 Taylor was editor-in-chief and general manager of the McGraw-Hill Book Company's trade-book division. Here he published such diverse and important books as the Black Panther Eldridge Cleaver's memoir Soul on Ice; Marshall McLuhan's Understanding Media; Leo Rosten's The Joys of Yiddish; Desmond Morris' Naked Ape and Human Zoo; and Germaine Greer's The Female Eunuch. He also hired the graphic and interior designer Milton Glaser. In 1965, upon hearing of the discovery of The Madrid Codices I–II in the National Library of Spain, Taylor headed for Madrid, where he negotiated with the Spanish Government for permission for McGraw-Hill to publish a five‐volume set. In '67 Taylor visited Vladimir Nabokov in Montreux, Switzerland, and persuaded him to leave his current publisher, Putnam, for McGraw-Hill. Nabokov's first book with Taylor at McGraw was Ada or Ardor: A Family Chronicle, followed by "Poems and Problems." In 1969 after the New Yorker published Daniel Lang's "Casualties of War," about the Incident on Hill 192 - the kidnapping and murder of a young Vietnamese woman in the Vietnam War - Taylor put Lang's piece out in paperback.
Taylor left McGraw-Hill unceremoniously in 1970 after a reorganization that "pushed him aside." For the next three years Taylor was publisher of The Patent Trader, a newspaper in Westchester County, N.Y., He was briefly with Mitchell Beazley, where in 1977 he published The Joy of Gay Sex with Charles Silverstein and Edmund White, and for the last few years of his career he had his own imprint, Frank E. Taylor Books, with Praeger. At Praeger he continued to publish important works such as Howard A. Wilcox' Hothouse Earth, an early book about climate change, and Mark Vonnegut's The Eden Express, both in 1975. Frank Taylor retired in 1979 and spent his final years in Key West, Florida, in an openly gay relationship with the author Stephen Roos. He reconnected with his old friend Ralph Ellison;
joined the board of the Key West Literary Seminar, and was associate editor of the Solares Hill newspaper.
Notable publications
1942 Alfred Kazin - On Native Grounds
1944 Karl Shapiro - "V Letters"
1944 Lillian Smith - Strange Fruit
1944 Arthur Miller - Situation Normal
1945 Arthur Miller - Focus
1946 George Orwell - Dickens, Dali and Others
1947 Malcolm Lowry - Under the Volcano
1947 Richard Wilbur - The Beautiful Changes, and Other Poems
1952 Ralph Ellison - Invisible Man
1953 James Baldwin - Go Tell It on the Mountain
1954 Françoise Sagan - Bonjour Tristesse
1956 Grace Metalious - Peyton Place
1957 Evelyn Waugh - The Loved One
1959 James Beard - The James Beard Cookbook
1964 Henry Roth - Call It Sleep
1964 Marshall McLuhan - Understanding Media
1967 Desmond Morris - Naked Ape
1968 Eldridge Cleaver - Soul on Ice
1968 Leo Rosten - The Joys of Yiddish
1969 Vladimir Nabokov - Ada or Ardor: A Family Chronicle
1969 Desmond Morris - Human Zoo
1969 Daniel Lang - Casualties of War
1969 Marshall McLuhan - War and Peace in the Global Village
1969 Clifford Irving - Fake
1970 Germaine Greer - The Female Eunuch
1975 Howard A. Wilcox - Hothouse Earth
1975 Mark Vonnegut - The Eden Express
1977 Charles Silverstein and Edmund White - The Joy of Gay Sex
References
1916 births
1999 deaths
American book publishers (people)
American film producers
Hamilton College (New York) alumni
Heinrich Klüver (; May 25, 1897 – February 8, 1979) was a German–American psychologist born in Holstein.
After having served in the Imperial German Army during World War I, he studied at both the University of Hamburg and the University of Berlin from 1920-23. In the latter year, he arrived in the United States to attend Stanford University. He received his Ph.D. in physiological psychology from Stanford University. In 1927 he married Cessa Feyerabend and settled in the United States permanently, becoming a naturalized U.S. citizen in 1934. Klüver was a member of the 'core group' of cybernetics pioneers that participated in the Macy Conferences of the 1940s and 1950s. He collaborated most often and fruitfully with Paul Bucy and made various contributions to neuroanatomy throughout his career among others the Klüver-Bucy syndrome.
His expositions of and experiments with mescaline were also groundbreaking at the time. He coined the term "cobweb figure" in the 1920s to describe one of the four form constant geometric visual hallucinations experienced in the early stage of a mescaline trip: "Colored threads running together in a revolving center, the whole similar to a cobweb". The other three are the chessboard design, tunnel, and spiral. Klüver wrote that "many 'atypical' visions are upon close inspection nothing but variations of these form-constants."
See also
Klüver–Bucy syndrome
Form constant
References
External links
Karl H. Pribram and Frederick Nahm: An in-depth biography of Heinrich Klüver
Guide to the Heinrich Kluver Papers
1897 births
1979 deaths
People from the Province of Schleswig-Holstein
University of Hamburg alumni
Humboldt University of Berlin alumni
Stanford University alumni
German emigrants to the United States
German Army personnel of World War I
German psychologists
Naturalized citizens of the United States
20th-century psychologists
A point of delivery, or PoD, is "a module of network, compute, storage, and application components that work together to deliver networking services. The PoD is a repeatable design pattern, and its components maximize the modularity, scalability, and manageability of data centers."
The modular design principle has been applied to telephone and data networks, for instance through a repeatable node design describing the configuration of equipment housed in point of presence facilities. The term is similarly used in cable video networks, to describe the modular component that delivers video service to a subscriber. The distinction of a PoD versus other design patterns is that it is a deployable module which delivers a service.
The PoD design pattern is especially important in service provider infrastructure, for instance in datacenters supporting cloud computing services, in order to sustain scalability as usage grows.
References
Network architecture
Software design patterns
Systems engineering
Patrick Cronin (1921 - 21 February 1991) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played for club sides Béal Átha'n Ghaorthaidh and Fermoy, and at inter-county level with the Cork senior football team. He usually lined out as a right wing-back.
Career
Cronin first came to Gaelic football prominence as a student when he was selected for the Munster colleges' team. He was included on the Cork minor team in 1938 before winning a Munster Minor Championship the following year. Cronin was added to the Cork senior team in 1943 and ended the season with a Munster Championship title. After being dropped from the starting fifteen the following year, he won his second provincial medal tin 1945 before ending the season by lining out at right wing-back when Cork claimed the All-Ireland title after a defeat of Cavan in the final. Cronin ended the year by captaining his adopted club of Fermoy to the County Championship title. He won a Railway Cup medal with Munster in 1946, however, a spinal injury soon brought his inter-county career to an end.
Personal life and death
Cronin qualified as a national school teacher and worked in Fermoy and Bartlemy before settling in Dublin. He died at his home in Walkinstown on 21 February 1991 after a period of ill health.
Honours
Fermoy
Cork Senior Football Championship: 1945 (c)
Cork
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship: 1945
Munster Senior Football Championship: 1943, 1945
Munster Minor Football Championship: 1939
Munster
Railway Cup: 1946
References
1921 births
1991 deaths
Fermoy Gaelic footballers
Cork inter-county Gaelic footballers
Munster inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
Winners of one All-Ireland medal (Gaelic football)
Orange County is located in southern Indiana in the United States. As of 2020, its population was 19,867. The county seat is Paoli. The county has four incorporated settlements with a total population of about 8,600, as well as several small unincorporated communities. It is divided into 10 townships which provide local services. One U.S. route and five Indiana state roads pass through or into the county.
History
Orange County was formed from parts of Knox County, Gibson County and Washington County by the Indiana Territorial Legislature, on December 26, 1815 (effective February 1, 1816). In 1816 the Orange County seat was designated at Paoli, which was named after Pasquale Paoli Ash, the 12-year-old son of the sitting North Carolina Governor.
The first courthouse was a temporary log structure that was built for $25; a more permanent stone structure was completed in 1819 at a cost of $3,950. In 1847, plans were made for a larger courthouse, which was completed in 1850 at a cost of $14,000. This building is the second oldest courthouse in the state that has been continuously used since its construction. Like the oldest in Ohio County, it is a Greek Revival building with two stories and a Doric portico supported by fluted columns; it has ornamental iron stairs and a clock tower. In 1970, the clock tower was damaged by fire.
The early settlers were mostly Quakers fleeing the institution of slavery in Orange County, North Carolina. Jonathan Lindley brought his group of Quakers from North Carolina to the area in 1811. They were the first to build a religious structure, the Lick Creek Meeting House in 1813. It was from this group that Orange County got its name. (See List of Indiana county name etymologies). The name Orange derives from the Dutch Protestant House of Orange, which accessed the English throne with the accession of King William III in 1689, following the Glorious Revolution.
When the North Carolina Quakers came to Indiana, they brought several freed slaves. These free men were deeded of land in the heart of a dense forest. Word of mouth soon spread the news, and this land became part of the "underground railroad" for runaway slaves. For many years, the freed slaves in this area farmed, traded, and sold their labor to others while living in this settlement. A church and cemetery were constructed.
All that remains today is the cemetery, with many lost or vandalized headstones. Several years ago, Boy Scouts restored the cemetery, replacing the stones with wooden crosses designating a grave. The name of "Little Africa" came about because of the black settlement, but it was called "Paddy's Garden" by its early users.
Geography
Much of the south part of the county, south of Paoli and French Lick, is part of the Hoosier National Forest. Patoka Lake is within the national forest; the majority of the lake lies in Orange County, with parts extending into neighboring Dubois and Crawford counties.
According to the 2010 United States Census, Orange County has a total area of , of which (or 97.60%) is land and (or 2.40%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Lawrence County – north
Washington County – east
Crawford County – south
Dubois County – southwest
Martin County – northwest
villages
French Lick
Orleans
Paoli (county seat)
West Baden Springs
Unincorporated communities
Abydel
Bacon
Bonds
Bromer
Chambersburg
Ethel
Fargo – called Pittsburgh before 1888
Greenbrier - also Green Brier
Hindostan
Leipsic – called Lancaster before 1852
Lost River
Mahan Crossing
Millersburg
Newton Stewart
Norton − called Dillon before 1908
Orangeville
Pearsontown
Pine Valley
Prospect – called New Prospect before 1853
Pumpkin Center
Rego
Roland
Scarlet
Stampers Creek
Syria
Trotter Crossing
Turleys
Valeene
Woodlawn Grove
Youngs Creek – called Unionville before 1867
Townships
French Lick
Greenfield
Jackson
Northeast
Northwest
Orangeville
Orleans
Paoli
Southeast
Stampers Creek
Transportation
Highways
U.S. Route 150 – runs east–west through central part of county. Passes French Lick, Turleys, and Paoli.
Indiana State Road 37 – runs north–south through central part of county. Passes Orleans, Paoli, and Bacon.
Indiana State Road 56 – enters west line of county at 6.6 miles (10.6 km) north of SW county corner. Runs NE to intersection with US-150 north of West Baden Springs.
Indiana State Road 60 – runs NW-SE across northeastern tip of county. Enters 2 miles west of NE corner and exits 2 miles south of NE corner.
Indiana State Road 145 – enters south line of county at 3.7 miles (6 km) from SW county corner. Runs north to intersection with Indiana-56 at French Lick.
Indiana State Road 337 – runs SE-NW across northeastern part of county. Enters east line of county near Bromer, then runs NW to intersection with Indiana-37 at Orleans.
Airports
Paoli Municipal Airport - public-owned public-use general-aviation airport with one paved runway.
French Lick Municipal Airport
French Lick Municipal Airport (IATA: FRH, ICAO: KFRH, FAA LID: FRH) is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southwest of the central business district of French Lick, a town in Orange County, Indiana, United States.[1] Also known as French Lick Airport, it serves the French Lick and West Baden, Indiana area.[2]
Railways
French Lick Scenic Railway (French Lick West Baden and Southern Railway/ Indiana Railway Museum) Popular train rides in Indiana aboard the French Lick Scenic Railway offer 20-mile day tours through parts of the Hoosier National Forest, the 2,200-foot Burton Tunnel (Indiana's second longest tunnel), and past limestone outcroppings.
Check the daily departure schedule but know the historic French Lick Scenic Railway also hosts special events and seasonal trips throughout the year, like these famous family attractions:
Wild-West Hold-ups
Tasting Trains
Easter Bunny Express
Dinner Trains
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Paoli have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in July 1901. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in October to in May.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana and the Indiana Code. The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all spending and revenue collection. Representatives are elected from county districts. The council members serve four-year terms and are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget and special spending. The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes and service taxes.
A board of commissioners is the county's executive body. Commissioners are elected in staggered four-year terms. The board is charged with executing the council's decisions, with collecting revenue, and with managing the county government.
The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor and circuit court clerk. Each serves a four-year term, and oversees a different part of county government. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and be residents of the county.
Each township has a trustee and a three-member board, which administers rural fire protection and ambulance service, provides poor relief and manages cemetery care, among other duties. The trustee and board members are elected to four-year terms.
Orange County is part of Indiana's 9th congressional district. It is part of Indiana Senate districts 44 and 48, and Indiana House of Representatives district 62.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 19,840 people, 7,872 households, and 5,416 families in the county. The population density was . There were 9,176 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.0% white, 0.9% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.3% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 22.6% were of English ancestry, 18.8% were of German ancestry and 12.4% were of Irish ancestry.
Of the 7,872 households, 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.4% were married couples living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.2% were non-families, and 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.00. The median age was 40.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $45,874. Males had a median income of $35,679 versus $30,072 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,119. About 13.5% of families and 20.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 29.7% of those under age 18 and 14.7% of those age 65 or over.
Education
The county is served by four school districts:
Lost River Career Cooperative
Orleans Community Schools
Paoli Community School Corporation
Springs Valley Community School Corporation.
Orleans Community Schools (Superintendent:Gary McClintic) includes:
Orleans Elementary School (Principal: Christopher Stevens)
Orleans Jr./Sr. High School (Principal: Roy Kline).
Paoli Community Schools (Superintendent:Greg Walker)includes:
Throop Elementary School (Principal:Amanda Crews)
Paoli Jr./Sr. High School (Principal:Dr. Sherry Wise).
Springs Valley School Corporation (Superintendent: Tony Whitaker) includes:
Springs Valley Elementary School (Principal:Trevor Apple)
Springs Valley Jr./Sr. High School (Principal: Kyle Neukam)
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Orange County, Indiana
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Orange County website
Orange County Convention and Visitors Bureau
Indiana counties
1816 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1816
The Acme was a wooden top sail schooner that was driven ashore at Seal Rocks, New South Wales while carrying timber from Camden Haven to Sydney under the command of Captain James Henry Jackson on the 15 July 1876. There were no casualties.
The wreck has not been located, but the approximate coordinates of the wreck site are .
References
Further reading
Online Database's
Australian National Shipwreck Database
Australian Shipping - Arrivals and Departures 1788-1968 including shipwrecks
Encyclopaedia of Australian Shipwrecks - New South Wales Shipwrecks
Books
Wrecks on the New South Wales Coast. By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995 Oceans Enterprises. 1993 .
Australian Shipwrecks - vol1 1622-1850, Charles Bateson, AH and AW Reed, Sydney, 1972, , Call number 910.4530994 BAT
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 2 1851–1871 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Sydney. Reed, 1980 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 3 1871–1900 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Geelong Vic: List Publishing, 1982 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 4 1901–1986 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Portarlington Vic. Marine History Publications, 1987 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 5 Update 1986 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Portarlington Vic. Marine History Publications, 1991 910.4530994 LON
Ships built in New South Wales
1876 ships
Maritime incidents in July 1876
Shipwrecks of the Mid North Coast Region
1871–1900 ships of Australia
Coastal trading vessels of Australia
Schooners of Australia
The Governor of Plymouth was the military Captain or Governor of the Fortress of Plymouth. The Governorship was abolished in 1842. The Lieutenant Governorship was vested in the General Officer Commanding Western District from 1793 to 1903, and in the Officer Commanding Plymouth Garrison from 1903 until that post was abolished.
Governors of Plymouth
1596–1601: Sir Ferdinando Gorges (removed from office, 1601)
1601–1602: Sir Nicholas Parker
1603–1629: Sir Ferdinando Gorges (restored to office)
1629–1638: James Bagge (jointly)
1638–1643: Sir Jacob Astley
1643: William Ruthven (Parliamentarian)
1644 (?): Col. William II Gould (1615-1644) of Floyer Hayes, Exeter, after whose tenure "Mount Gold" in Plymouth is named. He was buried at St Andrew's, Plymouth.
1645–1645: John Robartes, 2nd Baron Robartes
1645–?1659: Ralph Weldon (Parliamentarian)
1659–1659: John Desborough
1660–1661: Sir William Morice
1661–1696: John Granville, 1st Earl of Bath
1696–1722: Major General Charles Trelawny
1722–1745: Charles Churchill
1745–1752: John Murray, 2nd Earl of Dunmore
1752–1759: John Ligonier, 1st Viscount Ligonier
1759–1760: Richard Onslow
1760–1784: John Waldegrave, 3rd Earl Waldegrave
1784–1805: Lord George Lennox
1805–1807: John Pitt, 2nd Earl of Chatham
1807–1808: Gerard Lake, 1st Viscount Lake
1808–1814: William Howe, 5th Viscount Howe
1814–1819: Charles Lennox, 4th Duke of Richmond
1819–1826: Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington
1826–1830: William Harcourt, 3rd Earl Harcourt
1830–1842: Rowland Hill, 1st Baron Hill
Lieutenant-Governors of Plymouth
1746–1748: Lieutenant-General William Blakeney
1748–1754: Major Chiverton Hartopp
1754–1771: Lieutenant John Williams
1771–1782: Lieutenant-Colonel William Blackett
1782–1803: Colonel John Campbell
1803–1812: Major-General Richard England
1812–1819: Major-General Gore Browne
1819–1823: Major-General Sir Denis Pack
1823–1833: Major-General Sir John Cameron
1835–1840: Major-General Sir Willoughby Cotton
1840–1842: Major-General Robert Ellice
1842–1852: Major-General Sir Henry Murray
1853–1854: Major-General Sir Harry Smith
1855–1859: Major-General George Eden
1859–1865: Major-General William Hutchinson
1865–1866: Lieutenant-General Viscount Templetown
1866–1869: Lieutenant-General Sir Augustus Spencer
1869–1874: Major-General Sir Charles Staveley
1874–1877: Lieutenant-General Henry Smyth
1877–1880: Lieutenant-General the Hon. Leicester Smyth
1880–1883: Lieutenant-General Thomas Pakenham
1883–1885: Major-General James Sayer
1885–1889: Major-General Thomas Lyons
1889–1990: Major-General Sir Howard Elphinstone
1890–1895: General Sir Richard Harrison
1895–1899: Lieutenant-General Sir Frederick Forestier-Walker
1899–1905: Lieutenant-General Sir William Butler
References
Military of the United Kingdom
Plymouth
Epifanio Ariel García Duarte (born 2 July 1992) is a Paraguayan professional footballer who plays as a forward for River Plate.
Career
Club
García started his senior footballing career in Paraguay with Cerro Porteño, with whom he made his professional debut with in June 2011 against Nacional in the Paraguayan Primera División. Two further appearances followed in 2012 and 2013 for García, before he played five times during 2014. He left in 2015 following eight appearances, none of which were starts. García signed for fellow Paraguayan top-flight club Guaraní in June 2015. Before featuring for Guaraní, García had a loan spell with Paraguayan División Intermedia side Fulgencio Yegros where he scored eight goals in thirty-six games.
He eventually made his Guaraní debut on 16 October 2016, over a year after joining, in a league match with River Plate, he scored his first career goal in the process during a 1–2 win. In total, he went onto score three goals, including one versus former club Cerro Porteño, in eight games throughout 2016. He scored three goals in seven 2017 Copa Libertadores matches for Guaraní. On 23 July 2017, García joined Argentine Primera División side Belgrano on loan.
International
García played four times for the Paraguay U17s in 2009.
Career statistics
.
Honours
Cerro Porteño
Paraguayan Primera División (2): 2012 Apertura, 2013 Clausura
Guaraní
Paraguayan Primera División: 2016 Clausura
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
People from Misiones Department
Paraguayan footballers
Paraguayan expatriate footballers
Paraguayan expatriate sportspeople in Argentina
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
Association football forwards
Paraguayan Primera División players
Argentine Primera División players
Cerro Porteño players
Club Guaraní players
Club Fulgencio Yegros players
Club Atlético Belgrano footballers
River Plate (Asunción) footballers
Mohammad Mahbubur Rahman Jewel () is a Bangladeshi footballer who plays as a forward for Sheikh Russel KC and the Bangladesh national team. As a versatile forward, he can operate as a centre forward, second striker or winger.
Club career
Early career
Jewel started football training under Ibrahim Khalil, a local coach, in his early age. He trained along with Sohel Rana, Pappu Hossain in there. In 2013, he got admitted in Bangladesh Krira Shikkha Protishtan by passing exam. He played in many tournaments in Bangladesh and India for BKSP youth team.
Jewel played in 2015 Pioneer Football League, country's grassroot youth league, for Bangladesh Ansar FC. He played a vital role in making his team champion as he was the Most Valuable Player and top scorer of the league. He scored total 22 goals in the league including one in the final match.
Fakirerpool YMC
In 2016, Jewel joined Bangladesh Championship League side Fakirerpool Young Men's Club, after playing in sixth tier Pioneer League. Fakirerpool became champion in that season.
Arambagh KS
In 2017, Jewel signed for top-tier side Arambagh KS, a club which is well known in the country for producing young talents. He scored 3 goals to become the top scorer of 2017–18 Independence Cup and helped his team Arambagh to clinch their first-ever domestic silverware. On 12 September 2017, Jewel scored his first goal in the Bangladesh Premier League against Farashganj SC in his team's 2–1 win.
Bangladesh Police FC
In 2019, Jewel signed for newly promoted top-tier club Bangladesh Police FC. He struggled in the first season with Police FC as he couldn't make any appearance. However, he became a regular starter from the beginning of the 2020–21 season under new head coach Pakir Ali. He made his debut for Police FC on 24 December 2020 in a Federation Cup match. On 22 February 2021, he scored his first goal for Police FC against giant Sheikh Jamal DC in 2020–21 BPL. On 7 May 2021, he scored a brace against Uttar Baridhara and helped his team to make a comeback from 1-0 behind. He finished the 2020–21 BPL season with 4 goals and 3 assists in 18 league games.
Sheikh Russel
On 24 October 2021, Jewel got his big move to Sheikh Russel KC. On 27 November 2021, he made his debut for the club during a 1–0 over Uttar Baridhara in the 2021 Independence Cup opening group-stage game. On 9 February 2022, Jewel scored his first goal for the club, during a league game against Chittagong Abahani.
International career
Youth
After admitting in BKSP in 2013, Jewel called up in Bangladesh U16 ahead of 2013 SAFF U-16 Championship. He didn't make any appearance in the tournament.
As he was eligible to play, he was also included in the Bangladesh squad for 2015 SAFF U-16 Championship. Bangladesh became champion in that edition. However, Jewel didn't make any appearance this time too.
He also called up in Bangladesh U19 team, but couldn't make into the final squad.
Senior
In March 2021, Jewel got his first call up in preliminary squad of Bangladesh national team as a u-23 standby player ahead of Three Nations cup. He impressed national team head coach Jamie Day with only one day of training. As a result, he was included in the final squad and traveled to Nepal. However, he didn't make debut in that tournament.
On 6 March 2021, Jewel made his international debut for Bangladesh against Afghanistan in 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification match. He came from the bench as a substitute on the 73rd minute.
Statistics
International
References
Bangladeshi footballers
1998 births
Living people
Footballers from Dhaka
Arambagh KS players
Bangladesh Police FC players
Association football forwards
Bangladesh youth international footballers
Bangladesh international footballers
Saccopsidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Cyclopoida.
Genera:
Euchonicola Boxshall, O'Reilly, Sikorski & Summerfield, 2019
Euchonicoloides Boxshall, O'Reilly, Sikorski & Summerfield, 2019
Lanassicola Boxshall, O'Reilly, Sikorski & Summerfield, 2019
Melinnacheres Sars, 1870
Trichobranchicola Boxshall, O'Reilly, Sikorski & Summerfield, 2019
References
Copepods
Edward George "Moxie" Divis (January 16, 1894 – December 19, 1955) was an American Major League Baseball outfielder. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics during the season.
References
Major League Baseball outfielders
Philadelphia Athletics players
Baseball players from Cleveland
1894 births
1955 deaths
Podlipnoye () is a rural locality (a village) in Velikodvorskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 38 as of 2002.
Geography
Podlipnoye is located 49 km south of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Veliky Dvor is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Marek Kulas (born 6 July 1963) is a Polish former racing cyclist. He won the Tour de Pologne 1986.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Polish male cyclists
People from Kościerzyna
Sportspeople from Pomeranian Voivodeship
Cepphis advenaria, the little thorn, is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Europe and across the Palearctic to Japan.
Description
The wingspan is 23–26 mm. The length of the forewings is 14–17 mm. The ground colour is usually whitish, or whitish ochreous freckled and clouded with grey brown or much mixed with deep ochreous. The cross lines are slightly darker. The 1st line of the forewing is sometimes nearly straight, the 2nd line has an angle in the middle, posteriorly curved, commonly oblique out wards at hindmargin The markings may be tinged with ochreous, or with red. On the rear wing is a dark dot. ab. fulva Gillmer is so uniformly irrorated as to appear dark yellow-brown throughout, unmarked except by the discal dots. The larva is variable, purplish grey or olive brown, abdomen with pale grey dorsal lozenges and 2 pale yellow oblique spots or dashes on the 2nd abdominal. The venter is more reddish, with dark V-shaped markings. The pupa is stout and rugose, not glossy; dorsum and abdomen light brown, the wings, legs greenish. See also the genus description (references - Watson, L., and Dallwitz, M.J. 2003) and Prout
Biology
The moths fly from May to June. The little thorn flies during the day, preferably when it is sunny. They rest with half open fore-wings, held above the back wings.
The larvae feed mainly on bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus), but probably has alternative foodplants as it occurs on sites without billberry. In captivity, larvae accept bramble (Rubus fruticosus) and wild roses (Rosa species)
Distribution
Found in Europe and across Russia to the Altai, the Sajan Mountains, the Amur region, the Primorye region, Sakhalin and the Kuril Islands, as well as in Eastern China, Korea and Japan. The main habitats are blueberry forests, heaths and bogs. In the Alps, the species rises to an altitude of 1500 metres.
References
Notes
The flight season refers to the British Isles. This may vary in other parts of the range.
External links
Little thorn on UKmoths
Lepidoptera of Belgium
Lepiforum.de
Vlindernet.nl
Ourapterygini
Moths described in 1790
Moths of Asia
Moths of Europe
Taxa named by Jacob Hübner
The is a Japanese dual-voltage (1,500 V DC and 20 kV AC 50 Hz) electric multiple unit (EMU) train type introduced by Japanese National Railways (JNR) on express services in 1965 and later operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East), West Japan Railway Company (JR-West), and Kyushu Railway Company (JR Kyushu).
The last sets operated by JR-West were withdrawn in 2015. However, 2 cars remain in service as the driving car of a mixed 413/455 series set until they resold to the private railway operator in 2021 hence ended their overall service by JR West.
Design
Intended for use in the Tohoku region, the basic design and appearance was identical to the 475 series dual-voltage (1,500 V DC and 20 kV AC 60 Hz) EMUs introduced around the same time in Kyushu, and similar to the earlier 453 and 473 series EMUs. The first units built were not equipped with air-conditioning, except for the SaRo 455 "Green" (first class) cars.
Variants
455-0 series
455-200 series
455-300 series
455-400 series
455-500 series
455-600 series
455-700 series
455-0 series
These were the 455 series cars built from new between 1965 and 1971.
KuHa 455-1 – 75, driving trailer cars
KuMoHa 455-1 – 51, driving motor cars
KuRoHa 455-1, composite driving trailer converted from KuHa 455-44 with three rows of "Green" (first class) seats
MoHa 454-1 – 51, intermediate motor cars, with pantograph
SaHa 455-1 – 8, intermediate trailer cars (built for use in 457 series sets)
SaRo 455-1 – 45, "Green" (first class) trailer cars
SaHaShi 455-1 – 26, buffet cars
With the reduction in express services and gradual reassignment of 455 series sets to local services, a number of cab cars were subsequently rebuilt from intermediate cars or other EMU types from 1975 to allow shorter sets to be formed.
455-200 series
KuHa 455-201: Rebuilt in 1975 from SaHaShi 455-18 buffet car
KuHa 455-202 – 203: Rebuilt in 1979 from 451 series EMU driving cars KuHa 451-26 and 27
455-300 series
KuHa 455-301 – 320: Rebuilt in 1984 from 165 series EMU KuHa 165 driving cars.
KuHa 455-321 – 324: Rebuilt 1984-1985 from 169 series EMU KuHa 169-900 driving cars.
455-400 series
KuHa 455-401: Rebuilt in 1984 from 165 series EMU KuMoHa 165 driving car.
KuHa 455-402 – 405: Rebuilt 1984-1985 from 169 series EMU KuMoHa 169-900 driving cars.
455-500 series
KuHa 455-501 – 505: Rebuilt in 1983 from 165 series EMU SaHa 165 intermediate trailer cars.
455-600 series
KuHa 455-601 – 605: Rebuilt in 1984 from 455 series EMU SaRo 455 intermediate "Green" trailer cars.
KuHa 455-606 – 611: Rebuilt from 165 series EMU SaRo 165 intermediate "Green" trailer cars.
455-700 series
KuHa 455-701 – 702: Rebuilt in 1986 and 1987 from 455 series EMU SaHa 455 intermediate trailer cars.
Formations
As of 1 October 2019, JR-West operates 2 KuHa 455-700 cars. These cars are included in mixed 413/455 series three-car sets based at Kanazawa Depot and used on the Nanao Line. They are formed as shown below.
The MoHa 412 car is fitted with one PS21 lozenge-type pantograph.
Set B11 includes 413-100 series cars KuMoHa 413-101 and MoHa 412-101.
Past formations
As of October 1 2013, JR-West operated 16 KuHa 455 cars (including two KuHa 455-700 cars), included in mixed 413/455 and 475/455 series three-car sets based at Kanazawa Depot and used on the Hokuriku Main Line. They were formed as shown below.
413 series sets B04 and B11
In March 2013, these sets were reallocated to the Nanao Line.
475 series sets A05 and A26
The MoHa 474 car is fitted with one PS21 lozenge-type pantograph.
A typical formation for a combined Bandai (455 series, cars 1 to 6, Ueno - Kitakata) and Iwate (451/453 series, cars 7 to 13, Ueno - Morioka) service as of March 1972 is shown below.
JR East 3-car sets (S2 to S51) based at Sendai Depot and used in the Tohoku region until their withdrawal in 2008 were formed as shown below.
The MoHa 454 car was fitted with one PS16 lozenge-type pantograph.
One JR East 3-car set, S40, based at Sendai Depot, was modified in 1999 with a KuRoHa 455 car at the north end including three rows of "Green" car (first class) accommodation arranged 2+2 abreast.
The MoHa 454 car was fitted with one PS16 lozenge-type pantograph.
Key
KuHa: Standard class driving trailer car
KuMoHa: Standard class driving motor car
MoHa: Intermediate motor car
SaRo: "Green" (first class) trailer car
SaHaShi: Buffet car
Interior
Designed for use on express services, passenger accommodation consisted of fixed 4-person seating bays.
Liveries
History
The 455 series trains were first introduced from the start of the 1 October 1965 revised timetable, operating on Iwate and Kitakami express services between in Tokyo and in the north-east of Japan, and also on Matsushima services between Ueno and .
From 1 July 1967, 455 series trains were introduced on new Bandai express services operating on the Banetsu West Line. From 1 October 1968, with the completion of AC electrification of the route between and Sendai via the Ou Main Line and Senzan Line, 455 series trains were introduced on Zaō services operating between Ueno and Yamagata.
From the late 1960s, JNR was beginning to install air-conditioning on its trains, and 455 series cars built from June 1968 were designed to allow air-conditioning to be added easily at a later date. Air-conditioning was subsequently retrofitted between 1969 and 1975.
With the opening of the Tohoku Shinkansen, the number of express services in the region were cut back from the start of the 15 November 1982 timetable revision, and discontinued by March 1985. JR East 455 series sets were reassigned to local services, and withdrawn by 2008.
Preserved examples
As of 2012, three 455 series EMU cars are preserved, all at the Railway Museum in Saitama Prefecture.
KuMoHa 455-1 (restored in original JNR express livery)
KuHa 455-2 (in cream/green livery, used as a rest area)
MoHa 454-4 (in cream/green livery, used as a rest area)
References
Electric multiple units of Japan
East Japan Railway Company
Kyushu Railway Company
West Japan Railway Company
Vehicles introduced in 1965
ja:国鉄457系電車#455系・475系
The Sunshine Millions Filly & Mare Sprint is an American race for thoroughbred horses held in January at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California or at Gulfstream Park in Hallandale Beach, Florida as part of the eight-race Sunshine Millions series. Half the eight races of the Sunshine Millions are run at one track and half at the other.
Open to fillies (younger than 5 years) and mares (5 years and older) willing to race six furlongs on the dirt, the Sunshine Millions Fillies & Mares Sprint is a restricted stake carrying a purse of $150,000.
In its 15th running in 2017, the series of races called the Sunshine Millions is restricted to horses bred in Florida or California and is the brainchild of the Thoroughbred Owners of California, the California Thoroughbred Breeders Association, the Florida Thoroughbred Breeders' and Owners' Association, Inc., Santa Anita Park, Gulfstream Park, and Magna Entertainment Corp.
Winners
References
Official site of the Sunshine Millions
Sunshine Millions Filly & Mare Sprint at Pedigree Query
Restricted stakes races in the United States
Horse races in Florida
Sprint category horse races for fillies and mares
Horse races in California
Carl Ludwig David Friedrich Heusler (1 February 1866, Dillenburg – 25 October 1947) was a German mining engineer and chemist. He discovered a special group of intermetallics now known as Heusler phases, which are ferromagnetic though the constituting elements are not ferromagnetic.
Biography
He was born as son of Conrad Heusler the owner of the Isabellenhütte Dillenburg, a non-ferrous metal works. He studied at the University of Bonn and University of Berlin and was awarded with his Ph.D in 1887 in Berlin. After working at the University of Göttingen he did his habilitation in Berlin 1894. In 1901 he discovered the ferromagnetic intermetallics, now known as Heusler phases, and did some research in collaboration with the University of Marburg. Due to patent controversies it took until 1903 for the publication of the results. From 1902 he was head of the Isabellenhütte.
References
F. Heusler: Verh. Deutsche Physikalische Gesellschaft 5 (1903), S. 219 ff.
100 Jahre „Heuslersche Legierungen“ from University of Marburg
1866 births
1947 deaths
People from Dillenburg
German mining engineers
19th-century German chemists
University of Bonn alumni
Engineers from Hesse
20th-century German chemists
Building A Difference is a documentary television program that showcases volunteers, organizations and charities that help "build a difference" in the lives of people in desperate need. It is a production of DeerLight Entertainment of Jacksonville, Florida. Its first season host and producer is Chris Simons and the executive producer and director Mick Richards. Volume One features Northeast Florida Builders Care and was produced in association with the Northeast Florida Builders Association of Jacksonville and airs on TBN and various television stations across the country.
History
Building A Difference debuted on television in 2009 as a documentary series that showcases the crew and other people, organizations and volunteers giving their time, services and efforts to help build, rebuild, reconstruct or remodel homes of deserving families who are in desperate need. It currently features many families as well as those involved with making these dreams come true. Only three seasons have been filmed so far as of 2011.
Accreditations and awards
Building A Difference received the Seal of Approval from the Parents Television Council for the episode "Page-Bailie Bunch".
References
External links
Building A Difference official website
Building A DIfference YouTube channel
Home renovation television series
Makeover reality television series
"Shri Ramachandra Kripalu" or "Shri Ram Stuti" is a Stuti (Horation Ode) verse from the his work called Vinaya Patrika, written by Goswami Tulsidas. It was written in the sixteenth century, in a mix of Sanskrit and Awadhi languages. The prayer/ode glorifies Shri Rāma and his characteristics to the best.
Original version:
संस्कृते
॥ श्रीरामचन्द्र कृपालु ॥
श्री रामचन्द्र कृपालु भजुमन हरण भवभय दारुणं ।
नव कञ्ज लोचन कञ्ज मुख कर कञ्ज पद कञ्जारुणं ॥१॥
कन्दर्प अगणित अमित छवि नव नील नीरद सुन्दरं ।
पटपीत मानहुँ तडित रुचि शुचि नौमि जनक सुतावरं ॥२॥
भजु दीनबन्धु दिनेश दानव दैत्य वंश निकन्दनं ।
रघुनन्द आनन्द कन्द कोसल चंद्र दशरथ नन्दनं ॥३॥
सिर मुकुट कुंडल तिलक चारु उदार अङ्ग विभूषणं ।
आजानु भुज शर चाप धर संग्राम जित खरदूषणं ॥४॥
इति वदति तुलसीदास शंकर शेष मुनि मन रंजनं ।
मम हृदय कंज निवास कुरु कामादि खलदल गंजनं ॥५॥
मनु जाहि राचेयु मिलहि सो वरु सहज सुन्दर सांवरो ।
करुणा निधान सुजान शीलु स्नेह जानत रावरो ॥६॥
एहि भांति गौरी असीस सुन सिय सहित हिय हरषित अली।
तुलसी भवानिहि पूजी पुनि-पुनि मुदित मन मन्दिर चली ॥७॥
॥सोरठा॥
जानी गौरी अनुकूल सिय हिय हरषु न जाइ कहि ।
मंजुल मंगल मूल वाम अङ्ग फरकन लगे।
||चौपाई||
मौसम दीन न दीन हितय , तुम समान रघुबीर ।
असुविचार रघुवंश मणि, हरहु विषम भव वीर ।।
कामिही नारि पियारी जिमि , लोभिहि प्रिय जिमि दाम ।
तिमि रघुनाथ निरंतरय , प्रिय लागेहू मोहि राम ।।
अर्थ न धर्मे न काम रुचि,‌ गलिन चाहु रघुवीर ।
जन्म जन्म सियाराम पद, यह वरदान न आन ।।
विनती कर मोहि मुनि नार सिर, कहीं-करी जोर बहोर ।
चरण सरोरहु नाथ जिमी, कबहु बजई भाति मोर ।।
श्रवण सोजस सुनि आयहु, प्रभु भंजन भव वीर ।
त्राहि-त्राहि आरत हरण शरद सुखद रघुवीर ।।
जिन पायन के पादुका, भरत रहे मन लाई ।
तेहीं पद आग विलोकि हऊ, इन नैनन अब जाहि ।।
काह कही छवि आपकी, मेल विरजेऊ नाथ ।
तुलसी मस्तक तव नवे, धनुष बाण ल्यो हाथ ।।
कृत मुरली कृत चंद्रिका, कृत गोपियन के संग ।
अपने जन के कारण, कृष्ण भय रघुनाथ ।।
लाल देह लाली लसे, अरू धरि लाल लंगूर ।
बज्र देह दानव दलन, जय जय कपि सूर ।।
जय जय राजा राम की, जय लक्ष्मण बलवान ।
जय कपीस सुग्रीव की, जय अंगद हनुमान ।।
जय जय कागभुसुंडि की , जय गिरी उमा महेश ।
जय ऋषि भारद्वाज की, जय तुलसी अवधेश ।।
बेनी सी पावन परम, देमी सी फल चारु ।
स्वर्ग रसेनी हरि कथा, पाप निवारण हार ।।
राम नगरिया राम की, बसे गंग के तीर ।
अटल राज महाराज की, चौकी हनुमान वीर ।।
राम नाम के लेत ही, सकल पाप कट जाए ।
जैसे रवि के उदय से, अंधकार मिट जाए ।।
श्री गुरु चरण सरोज रज, निज मनु मुकुरु सुधारि ।
बरनउँ रघुबर बिमल जसु, जो दायकु फल चारि ।।
बुद्धिहीन तनु जानिके, सुमिरौं पवन कुमार ।
बल बुद्धि विद्या देहु मोहि, हरहु कलेश विकार ।।
जय गणेश गिरिजा सुवन, मंगल मूल सुजान ।
कहत अयोध्या दास तवे देहु अभेय वरदान ।।
नहीं विद्या नहीं बाहुबल, नहीं खरचन कों दाम ।
मौसम पतित पतंग को, तुम पति राघव राम ।।
एक धरी आधी धरी, और आधि की आधि ।
तुलसी संगत साधु की, हारई कोटि अपराध ।।
सियावर रामचन्द्र जी की जय ।
Transliteration
॥ Shriramachandra Kripalu॥
Śrīrāmacandra kr̥pālu bhajamana haraṇabhavabhayadāruṇaṁ.
Navakañjalocana kañjamukha karakañja padakañjāruṇaṁ. ।।1।।
Kandarpa agaṇita amita chavi navanīlanīradasundaraṁ.
Paṭapītamānahu taḍita ruciśuci naumijanakasutāvaraṁ. ।।2।।
Bhajadīnabandhu dinēśa dānavadaityavaṁśanikandanaṁ.
Raghunanda ānandakanda kośalachandra daśarathanandanaṁ. ।।3।।
Śiramukuṭakuṇḍala tilakacāru udāru'aṅgavibhūṣaṇaṁ.
Ājānubhuja śaracāpadhara saṅgrāmajitakharadūṣaṇaṁ. ।।4।।
Iti vadati tulasīdāsa śaṅkaraśeṣamunimanarañjanaṁ.
Mamahru
dayakañjanivāsakuru kāmādikhaladalagañajanaṁ. ।।5।।
Hindi Translation
हे मन कृपालु श्रीरामचन्द्रजी का भजन कर । वे संसार के जन्म-मरण रूपी दारुण भय को दूर करने वाले हैं ।
उनके नेत्र नव-विकसित कमल के समान हैं । मुख-हाथ और चरण भी लालकमल के सदृश हैं ॥१॥
उनके सौन्दर्य की छ्टा अगणित कामदेवों से बढ़कर है । उनके शरीर का नवीन नील-सजल मेघ के जैसा सुन्दर वर्ण है ।
पीताम्बर मेघरूप शरीर मानो बिजली के समान चमक रहा है । ऐसे पावनरूप जानकीपति श्रीरामजी को मैं नमस्कार करता हूँ ॥२॥
हे मन दीनों के बन्धु, सूर्य के समान तेजस्वी, दानव और दैत्यों के वंश का समूल नाश करने वाले,
आनन्दकन्द कोशल-देशरूपी आकाश में निर्मल चन्द्रमा के समान दशरथनन्दन श्रीराम का भजन कर ॥३॥
जिनके मस्तक पर रत्नजड़ित मुकुट, कानों में कुण्डल भाल पर तिलक, और प्रत्येक अंग मे सुन्दर आभूषण सुशोभित हो रहे हैं ।
जिनकी भुजाएँ घुटनों तक लम्बी हैं । जो धनुष-बाण लिये हुए हैं, जिन्होनें संग्राम में खर-दूषण को जीत लिया है ॥४॥
जो शिव, शेष और मुनियों के मन को प्रसन्न करने वाले और काम, क्रोध, लोभादि शत्रुओं का नाश करने वाले हैं,
तुलसीदास प्रार्थना करते हैं कि वे श्रीरघुनाथजी मेरे हृदय कमल में सदा निवास करें ॥५॥
जिसमें तुम्हारा मन अनुरक्त हो गया है, वही स्वभाव से सुन्दर साँवला वर (श्रीरामचन्द्रजी) तुमको मिलेगा।
वह जो दया का खजाना और सुजान (सर्वज्ञ) है, तुम्हारे शील और स्नेह को जानता है ॥६॥
इस प्रकार श्रीगौरीजी का आशीर्वाद सुनकर जानकीजी समेत सभी सखियाँ हृदय मे हर्षित हुईं।
तुलसीदासजी कहते हैं, भवानीजी को बार-बार पूजकर सीताजी प्रसन्न मन से राजमहल को लौट चलीं ॥७॥
॥सोरठा॥
गौरीजी को अनुकूल जानकर सीताजी के हृदय में जो हर्ष हुआ वह कहा नही जा सकता। सुन्दर मंगलों के मूल उनके बाँये अंग फड़कने लगे ॥
English Translation
O mind! Revere the benign Shri Ramachandra, who removes 'Bhava' the worldly sorrow or pain, 'Bhaya' the fear, and 'Daruna' the scarcity or poverty.
Who has fresh lotus eyes, lotus face and lotus hands, feet like lotus and like the rising sun. ॥1॥
His beauty exceeds innumerable Kaamdevs (Cupids). He is like a newly formed beautiful blue cloud. The yellow robe on his body appears like delightful lighting.
He is the consort of the daughter of Sri Janak (Sri Sita), the embodiment of sacredness.॥2॥
O mind, sing praises of Sri Ram, a friend of the poor. He is the lord of the solar dynasty. He is the destroyer of demons and devils.
The descendant of Sri Raghu is the source of joy, a moon of his mother Kaushalya and he is the son of Sri Dashrath.॥3॥
He wears a crown on his head, pendants on his ear, and tilak (crimson mark) on his forehead. All his organs are beautiful and well decorated with ornaments.
His arms reach his knees. He holds a bow and an arrow. He emerged victorious in the battle with demons Khar and Dushan.॥4॥
Thus says Sri Tulsidas – O Sri Ram, the charmer of Lord Shiv, Sri Shesh and saints,
reside in the lotus of my heart and destroy all the evils and their associates like desires.॥5॥
See also
Vaishnava Jana To
Hari Tuma Haro
Hanuman Chalisa
Ramcharitmanas
Tulsidas
In popular culture
This song is sung by many Indian singers such as Lata Mangeshkar, Anup Jalota. and Jagjit singh Ji as well.
References
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MyNSOu-Fl-k Sooryagayathri
http://gaana.com/song/shree-ram-chandra-kripalu-bhajman-5 Anup Jalota-Ganna
https://chalisasangrah.in/Stuti/Ram-StutiRam Stuti Lyrics
Hindu prayer and meditation
Korphai Ensemble, Korphai or kor phai (, , ) which literally means a 'bunch of bamboo', is an ensemble of traditional Thai percussion music.
It was established in the 1980s by Anant Narkkong, the present musical director of the ensemble, who is a professor of ethnomusicology and composition at the Faculty of Music, Silpakorn University, Thailand He also airs a radio program of Thai music at the National Broadcasting Services of Thailand.
Music
The group plays Thai classical, or piphat, as well as Thai contemporary music. Throughout the past 20 years, Korphai has released a number of albums and performed in numerous public concerts in Thailand, including a performance with the Bangkok Symphony Orchestra. The group has also performed abroad, including Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago, Paris, Amsterdam and Berlin.
The groups are also involved in the music used in Thai films, documentaries, theatres, plays, and festival presentations, such as "Thai Percussion Days 2004" (Vienna). Their music was used in the Thai films, The Legend of Suriyothai (2001) and The Overture (2004). The Overture won Best Music with Kor Phai named as co-recipient in Star Entertainment Awards 2004 and Bangkok Critics Assembly Awards.
In 2005, at the concert dedicated to the 55th anniversary of Thai-Cambodian diplomatic relations at the Chaktomuk Theatre, the performance of the ensemble "won accolades from members of Cambodian royal family", Bangkok Post reported.
Discography
2007 - Korphai : Bamboo Songs Bamboo Sounds
2004 - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack: The Overture
2003 - Homrak Hom Rong (The Delightful Overture) (Label: Nong Taprachan)
Ratree Pradap Dao
Korphai CD bio
1991
"The starry night" Thai string ensemble; compositions by H.M.King Rama VII
1992
"The Khmer spy" Experimental ensemble; various composers before 1930
1999
"The white foreigner" Thai strings with organ, violin and Cimbalon; compositions by Luang Pradithphairoh
2000
"Elephant eats bamboo leaves" Piphat mainuam ensemble; compositions by Luang Pradithphairoh
2001
"Song of Lamentation" Mahoree ensemble; compositions by Luang Pradithphairoh
2001
"A tribute to Luang Pradithphairoh" Angkalung with electronics; compositions by Luang Pradithphairoh
2003
"Kru Banlengʼs Children Songs" Piphat mainuam ensemble with vocals; compositions by kru Bangleng Sagarik
2003
"Sleeping Angel" Thai string ensemble; compositions by kru Meekhaek
2003
"Cheerful Lady" Thai string ensemble; compositions by kru Meekhaek
2004
"Movie soundtrack: The Overture" Piphat ensemble and Ranat ek solo; compositions by Luang Pradithphairoh Arr : Chaibhuk Patrachinda, Anant Narkkong, Boonrat Siriratnabhan
2004
"The Great Chaopraya Composer" Piphat mainuam ensemble; compositions by Luang Pradithphairoh
2004
"The Delightful Overture" various Piphat ensembles and Ranat ek solo; compositions by Luang Pradithphairoh, kru Boonyong Kethkong, khun charoendontreekan
2004
"Lovely Fillings, Lovely Feelings" various Piphat ensembles and saw ou solo; compositions by Chaibhuk Patrachinda, kru Kloy na Bangchang, Prince Pichaimahintarodom, kru Meekhaek, Tuangsri Worrawan, Luang Pradithphairoh
2005
"The Overture" Original music from the traditional Thai Puppet Theatre, Collaboration work: Korphai and Joe Louise Theatre
2007
"Bamboo Sounds, Bamboo Songs". Judprakai Concert Series, Nation Press.
International Tour Data
1999
USA
University of Illinois, Dhammaram Temple Chicago, Kent State University Ohio
2002
MALAYSIA
Lecture-Demonstration: Center of Southeast Asian Studies, University of Malaya
Concert: Soka Gakkai Malaysia, Wisma Kebudayaan SGM, Kualalumpur
2003
MALAYSIA
Concert: Soka Gakkai Malaysia, Wisma Kebudayaan SGM, Kualalumpur
2004
AUSTRIA
Workshop on Thai Percussion days, University of Music and Performing Arts Vienna
Concert: Konzerthaus, Vienna
Concert: Argekultur, Salzburg
Concert and Workshop: Freistadt
2004
UNITED KINGDOM
Workshop-Lecture: School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS), University of London
Concert: Thai Music Circle, the Royal Thai Embassy, London
2004
SCOTLAND
Workshop and Concerts: Intercultural Music Festival, Edinburgh
Workshop - Thai and Chinese Music, Glasgow
2004
MALAYSIA
Concert: Tribute to H.M. Queen Sirikit, the Royal Thai Embassy, Kualalumpur
Lecture-Demonstration: The International Islamic University, Kualalumpur
2004
SOUTH KOREA
Concert: Asia-Pacific Night, CISAC World Congress, COEX Convention and Exhibition
Center, SOUL
Lecture and Demonstration: Chung Ang University – Seoul, Keimyang University – Daegu, Ulsan University (World Music Conference)
2005
MACAO
Concert: Thai Night, 54th PATA World Conference.
2005
TAIWAN
Concert: the National Chiang Kai-Shek Cultural Center, Taipei, the Republic of China
2005
FRANCE
Concert: 4th Queille Festival, Toulouse, the Queille trust. In memory of Peter Rage, the tsunami victims.
2005
CAMBODIA
Concert: 50th Anniversary of Thai-Cambodian Diplomacy relationship
Performed at the Royal Thai Embassy and Chatumuk Concert Hall, PhnomPenh
2006
CAMBODIA
Concert: 50th Anniversary of Thai-Cambodian Diplomacy relationship
Collaboration with artists from the Royal University of Fine Arts Phnom Penh, Performed at the Royal Thai Embassy PhnomPenh
2006 SWITZERLAND
Concert: Swiss Red Cross Ball, Niut des Orchidees, Geneva
2006 TAIWAN
Concert: Tribute to H.M. King Bhumipol in 60th anniversary of royal coronation, Taipei
2008 SCOTLAND
Concert: "Dialogue of Wind and Bamboo" Intercultural Music Festival, Edinburgh
2009 KOREA
Joint Workshop of the ASEAN-Korea Traditional Music Orchestra, Seoul
Awards
1983
National Music Contest, the national theatre
2004
"The Overture" Best Film Music and Score, Hamburger Award
2005
"The Overture" Best Film Music and Score, Thailand Critics Association
2005
"The Overture" Best Film Music, Thailand Media Association
Fields of Korpahi musical works
1. Traditional Thai Music: Piphat, Mahoree, Kruangsai
Ancient repertoire and selected compositions from famous Thai composers.
2. Folk-Pop music
Variety of songs; ranging from Thai folks to international popular music.
3. Fusion Jazz music
Variety of Thai songs rearranged in fusion style.
4. Asian-mix
Musics of Southeast Asian; rearranged in flexible performance style including stage movements.
5. experimental music
Improvisations & Compositions from modern Thai composers plus multi-media presentations.
6. Theatre Music / Film Music
Korphai musicians
Mr. Anant Narkkong - Music Director, Percussions
// work: Lecturer, Faculty of Music, SilpakornUniversity
Mr.Prasarn Wongwirojrak - Vibraphone, Percussions
// work: Manager, Siammusica Ltd.
Mr. Chaibhuk Bhutrachinda - Composer, Gongs, Electric Guitar
// work: Government officer, the office of Industrial standardization, Ministry of Industry
Mr. Asdavuth Sagarik - Ranat, gongs, khim, Photographer
// work: Lecturer, College of Music, Mahidol University
Mr. Banhan Palo - Drums, Instruments Tuner
// work: Music teacher, St. Gabrielʼs school Bangkok
Mr. Lerkiat Mahavinijchaimontri - Fiddle, coordinator
// work:: Government officer, the Institute of Music and Drama, Fine Arts Department, Ministry of Culture
Mr. Thawisak Akarawong - Leading Xylophone
// work:: Government officer, the Institute of Music and Drama, Fine Arts Department, Ministry of Culture
Mr. Tossaporn Tassana - Drums, technician
// work: Security System Expert
Ms. Kanokporn Tassana - Singer
// work: Voice Instructor
Mr. Amon Bhuthanu - Keyboar, Gongs, xylophone
// work: Freelance
Mr. Akkrapon Apicho - Bass
// work: Security System Expert
References
External links
Korphai profile at the Cultural Projects Factory
"Korphai Colourful Thai Percussion"
Electroacoustic piece at the Mahidol University library. Commission by Patravadi Theatre, Live Premiere at Konzerthaus Wien, Austria in 2004 by Korphai Ensemble
Thai musical groups
The Aeronca Model 7 Champion, commonly known as the "Champ", or "Airknocker", is a single-engine light airplane with a high wing, generally configured with fixed conventional landing gear and tandem seating for two occupants.
Designed for flight training<ref name="1946_12_flying">Flying Dec. 1946, as quoted in Flying Annual & Pilots' Guide,' 1971 ed. [Ziff-Davis], NY'</ref>
and personal use—and specifically developed to compete with the popular Piper Cub. It entered production in the United States in 1945, spawning one of the most popular, and longest-produced, light airplane models in the world.Wilkinson, Stephan, "First Flight: The Champ," Flying, February 1971: [Ziff-Davis], NY, as retrieved 2016-01-30 from Google Books, and as reproduced in print edition of Flying Annual & Pilots' Guide, 1971 ed., Ziff Davis, NY.
In addition to the Champ's large-volume production by Aeronca Aircraft, it was revived in variations by the Champion Aircraft Company in the 1950s and 1960s, and then again in further variants by Bellanca in the 1960s and 1970s, and by American Champion Aircraft in the early 2000s.
To take advantage of the new light-sport aircraft (LSA) category, the Champion was returned to production in 2007, but was discontinued by mid-2019.
Design and development
The Aeronca 7 Champion line—developed in the mid-1940s as a post-World War II response to the popular Piper J-3 Cub—uses similar design features (already featured in Aeronca's wartime designs, the Aeronca Model T, Aeronca Defender, and Aeronca L-3), but also incorporates aspects of traditional Aeronca designs, including the internal main trusswork of the fuselage frame. Like its predecessors and initial rivals, the high-wing, two-seat plane has tandem seating, conventional landing gear (tailwheel-equipped), and a small piston engine.Sargent, Sparky Barnes, "A Honey of a Champion! The Baker family's award-winning Aeronca," Vintage Airplane, Dec., 2007, vol.35, #12, Experimental Aircraft Association
As with many light aircraft of the time, the Champ's fuselage and tail surfaces are constructed of welded metal tubing. The outer shape of the fuselage is created by a combination of wooden formers and longerons, covered with fabric. The cross-section of the metal fuselage truss is triangular, a design feature which can be traced all the way back to the earliest Aeronca C-2 design of the late 1920s.
The strut-braced wings of the Champ are, like the fuselage and tail surfaces, fabric-covered, and use aluminum ribs. Most Champs were built with wooden spars. American Champion has been using aluminum spars in the aircraft it has produced, and has also made the aluminum-spar wings available for retrofit installation on older aircraft.
Like the Piper Cub with which it competed, the Champ features tandem seating. However, while the J-3 model of the Cub is flown solo from the rear seat, the Champ can be soloed from the front, giving improved forward visibility, particularly on the ground and during takeoffs, landings, and climbs. The Champ offers far better visibility than the Cub, allowing 300 degrees of visibility to a front-seated pilot, and has a wider cabin than the Cub.Karant, Max, "Flying Check Pilot: The Aeronca Chief ," Flying Magazine, Dec., 1946. Additionally, an uncommon Champ variant—the 7HC—was produced with an enlarged rear seat allowing two passengers to be carried.
The landing gear of most Champs is in a conventional arrangement, though two variants with tricycle gear were produced, and a model with reversed tricycle gear was tried. Conventional-gear Champs feature a steerable tailwheel and most have steel tube main gear which use an oleo strut for shock absorption. One variant utilized sprung-steel main gear, and American Champion uses aluminum gear legs in its production model of the Champ. Tricycle-gear Champs use the steel tube and oleo strut main gear, mating these with an oleo strut nose gear.
Models 7AC, 7CCM, 7DC, and 7EC were approved as floatplanes, with the addition of floats and vertical stabilizer fins; the floatplane versions were designated the S7AC, S7CCM, S7DC, and S7EC, respectively. The 7GC and 7HC may also be operated with floats but are not given a special designation in this configuration. All floatplane versions have increased gross weights over the corresponding landplanes.
Operational history
Built by Aeronca Aircraft Corporation, the Champ first flew in 1944, and entered production in 1945. As an economical postwar rival to the Piper Cub (which it largely improved upon), the Champ was popular with training schools who were training veterans returning from World War II, by the thousands, with government funding through the G.I. Bill.
The original model 7AC Champion initially sold by the thousands, peaking in 1946, as Aeronca developed the highest-volume production line in general aviation. Between 1946 and 1947, Aeronca was producing an average 30 light aircraft per day (peaking at 50 per day at one point). But 1946 was a momentary explosion in lightplane production, industry-wide. The postwar boom-and-bust of the late 1940s and early 1950s brought an abrupt end to the massive sales, and—like the rest of the U.S. lightplane industry—Aeronca production dropped to a small fraction of 1946–1947 sales.
Engine upgrades in 1947, 1948 and 1949 resulted in the Models 7BCM, 7DC and the electric-system-equipped 7EC, all distinguished from the 7AC by a larger vertical tail than predecessors, to compensate for the greater torque and p-factor of the larger engines.
Some of these Champ variants were acquired by the U.S. Army Air Forces (USAAF) and its successor, the U.S. Air Force (USAF), particularly for use by the U.S. Army Ground Forces and the National Guard, as replacements for the Piper L-4 variant of the Piper Cub, used as an observation and liaison aircraft. The Aeronca Champ military variants were labeled L-16, L-16A and L-16B.
By the time production ended in 1951, the company had sold more than 8,000 Champions, mostly 7AC Champs (approx. 7,200).
Aeronca ceased all production of light aircraft in 1951, and the Champ design was sold in 1954 to Champion Aircraft, who continued production of some of the more advanced variants of the Champ, from the 1950s into the early 1960s—gradually modifying them into the aerobatic Champion Citabria.
Champion Aircraft was acquired in 1970 by Bellanca Aircraft which continued production of their Champ-derived Citabria and Decathlon designs.
In 1971, Bellanca introduced the 7ACA version of the Champ as a more basic complement to their other designs, as the least expensive, and lowest-performance, commercially produced light plane on the market at the time.
Only a handful of 7ACAs were built between 1971 and 1972. Bellanca ceased all production in the early 1980s.
American Champion Aircraft Corporation acquired the Champ and related designs in 1989. In 2001, they were rumored to be considering a reintroduction of the Champ design as a 7EC powered by a Jabiru Aircraft engine. While a test version was flown, this combination was not put into production. With the creation of the light-sport aircraft (LSA) category of aircraft in the United States by the FAA, American Champion in late 2007 began producing a revised version of the 7EC powered by the Continental O-200-A. The new production aircraft are type certified, but also qualify to be flown by sport pilots in the United States. Although the fuselage and cowling contours are similar to the original-production models, the new aircraft used the windows, interior, door, and windscreen of the modern Citabria. Fuel capacity was reduced to to conserve weight; despite this measure and various others, such as the use of aluminum landing gear legs and bare birch floorboards rather than carpet, the aircraft's payload is inadequate to carry two adults and full fuel simultaneously. The manufacturer was considering various further weight-reduction measures including the use of the lightened Continental O-200D engine previously offered in the Cessna 162 Skycatcher. However, the revived 7EC was dropped from production by mid-2019.
Standard-production 7AC, 7BCM (L-16A), 7CCM (L-16B), 7DC, and 7ACA models qualify as U.S. Light Sport Aircraft. Only those specific original-production 7EC airplanes certificated at a gross weight qualify for the LSA category; a standard original-production 7EC is certificated at a gross weight of and does not qualify.
Variants
Various versions of the Champ have been tested and produced since 1944, including military, aerobatic, cropduster, tricycle-gear and (as the 402 Lancer) a twin-engined variant.
The derivative Citabria designs — models 7ECA, 7GCAA, 7GCBC, and 7KCAB — are discussed in a separate article, as is the twin-engined 402 Lancers. Floatplane variants are designated by an "S" prefix and are discussed together with the standard respective land variant.
7AC Champion
Introduced in 1945, the 7AC Champion ("Champ") was the first (and, by far, the most popular) version of the design.
It used the Continental A-65-8 engine of .
(Other 65-hp engines by Lycoming and Franklin were also fitted.) A supplemental type certificate allows the installation of a Lycoming O-235. The Champ featured a conventional landing gear configuration, with shock absorption in the main gear provided by oleo struts. The aircraft had no electrical system. It is distinguishable from nearly all other variants by the absence of a dorsal fin at the leading edge of the vertical tail (most later models had the enlarged tail). Approximately 7,200 were built between 1945 and 1948—far outnumbering all other subsequent variants combined, and far outnumbering most rival designs of the period. Some were acquired by the U.S. military and designated L-16—not to be confused with the L-16A and L-16B derived from later Champ variants.
Gross weight is for the standard 7AC and when configured as an S7AC floatplane; fuel capacity for either version is in a single tank.
7ACA
1971 reintroduction by Bellanca, a modernized version of the design which made it a variant of the Citabria line. The 7ACA is powered by the two-cylinder Franklin 2A engine of ; Gross weight is . 71 were produced.
7BCM, L-16A
Upgraded version introduced in 1947 with an Continental C85 and "no-bounce" version of the main landing gear. All of the 7BCM production went to the military as model L-16A. Gross weight and fuel capacity are unchanged from the 7AC. 509 were built.
7B-X
Prototype, 1 produced, serial number 7-BX-1, FAA aircraft registration number was N4084E but registration was canceled on 4 October 1951, no other details known.
7CCM, L-16B
An improved version of the L-16, the L-16B/7CCM featured a Continental C90-8 engine, an enlarged vertical tail, hydraulic brakes, and a gross weight increase to ; an additional gross weight increase to is allowed when "Long Stroke Oleo Landing Gear" is installed and placard, "Intentional spinning prohibited when baggage carried", is installed on the instrument panel. An additional fuel tank is used, increasing total fuel capacity to . Gross weight increases to when configured as an S7CCM floatplane. 100 L-16B/7CCM aircraft were built.
7DC
Similar to 7CCM but with Continental C85 engine of ; the derived S7DC floatplane had a gross weight increase to . 100 7DC aircraft were produced.
7EC Traveler
1950 brought the introduction of the Aeronca 7EC, which features a Continental C90-12F engine of , standard long-throw oleo strut main gear, thicker seat cushions, additional interior insulation for noise reduction, an improved heater and electrical system, the addition of a parking brake, and a change in center of gravity for enhanced speed. Advertised empty weight is . Standard gross weight is , or with "Lower End Landing Gear Oleo Strut Assembly." Standard fuel capacity is unchanged from the 7DC; an optional system was offered, increasing the manufacturer's empty weight by . The optional S7EC floatplane configuration has a gross weight of .
The last Champ produced at Aeronca was a 7EC, and when Champion reintroduced the Champ in 1955, it was with their version of the 7EC, very little changed from Aeronca's. An enhanced version called the Champion DeLuxe Traveler offered a metal propeller with spinner, wheel pants, a steerable tailwheel, and navigation lights.
773 7EC aircraft were produced during the original production run.
In late 2007, American Champion introduced a revised version of the 7EC, featuring the Continental O-200-A engine of . Differing in a number of ways from earlier 7ECs, this new version in particular replaced the wood-spar wings of the earlier versions with a metal-spar wing and used aluminum gear legs. To fit within the Light Sport requirements, the maximum weight was reduced to 1,320 pounds (599 kilograms). The aircraft was discontinued by mid-2019.
7FC Tri-Traveler
In 1957, Champion brought out the 7FC, which is similar to the 7EC but with tricycle landing gear instead of conventional (tailwheel) gear, oleo struts on all 3 wheels, and extra frame bracing for the nosewheel. Factory standard equipment was comparable to the 7EC DeLuxe Traveler. The 7FC is slower and heavier than an equivalent 7EC, with a standard useful load of , compared with for the 7EC; both use the Continental C90-12F engine. Standard gross weight of the 7FC is with an increase to allowed with the installation of "Wide Track Main Gear."
472 7FC aircraft were built.
7GC Sky Trac
Generally similar to 7EC but with a Lycoming O-290-D2B engine and modified fuselage structure for increased gross weight. Gross weight is in standard configuration, in seaplane configuration. 171 were produced.
7GCA Sky Trac
Agricultural variant of the 7GC with identical gross weight but with a Lycoming O-320-A2B engine. 396 were made.
7HC DX'er
Similar to 7GC with identical gross weights for landplane and floatplane versions, but with a front seat control yoke instead of a control stick, modified fuselage structure, tricycle landing gear, and an enlarged rear seat for two occupants. 39 were produced.
7JC Tri-Con
Similar to 7EC but with reverse tricycle undercarriage; however, the aircraft may be converted to a standard tailwheel undercarriage and operated at a gross weight. 25 were built.
7KC Olympia
7GCA with smaller wings, redesigned empennage, other aerodynamic refinements, deletion of rear-seat flight controls, and minor detail changes. 4 were built.
Specifications (7AC)
See also
Notes
References
Taylor, J. H. (ed) (1989) Jane's Encyclopedia of Aviation''. Studio Editions: London. p. 28
airliners.net
External links
Champion
Light-sport aircraft
1940s United States civil utility aircraft
Aeronca aircraft
Champion aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
High-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1944
Barbara Minishi is a Kenyan Filmmaker, Artist, fashion photographer and Art director whose explorative themes are driven by cyclical mythic journeys of self, Nature, Alchemy & Arcana and intuitive embodied expression visual arts. As an art director she has worked on films and a music video, and also for Kapringen (A Hijacking), a Danish feature film from 2003. In Kenya, she is among the most highly regarded professional fashion photographers. Minishi's photo series has been featured in the book 9 Photographers from Kenya published in association with the National Museums of Kenya.
Biography
Barbara Minishi, from Nairobi, Kenya, graduated in 2003 with a BA degree in communication. Her career as a professional Photographer begun when she realised the heart connection images elicited within her.
Minishi says, "Photography was how i have begun my creative exploration and somehow one could say that the camera became a tool for me to expose, deconstruct, and
play with such inscriptions of identity. It was my ‘voice' and a way of being that created ‘events' in which i could engage with themes such as stereotypes and ethnicity, land and belonging, emotive expression, urban influence and beauty.
Despite commercial ‘success' i started to question my role as African female Visual Communicator and how my vision, direction and body of work could evolve from into a more critical explorative and engaging practice that involved the audiences as also create spaces for involvement and engagement with the audience.
My practice has continually evolved and with it too the tools i create with, which now include Film, Dance, Energy Painting, Dreamwork and Intuitive Sound +Movement.
I now find myself in an open space, engaging with the continual shift of layered visual conversations, explorative narratives of embodied knowledge, the divine feminine and meditative query.
There is an interaction with the hidden intentions and collaboration with emerging transformative expression plus the conscious co-creation with new landscape, culture and ideas."
Her work is continually evolving and she is currently working on writing and directing her feature film and other projects such an experimental short films, fashion videos, commissioned documentaries, Paintings, and Writing.
Awards
Minishi won Best Art Director for her work on the film Nairobi Half Life at the 2014 African Magic Viewer's Choice Awards in March 2014.
References
Living people
Kenyan women artists
Kenyan women photographers
Kenyan filmmakers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Between the Spirit & the Flesh is fourth studio album of American singer, Ari Gold. This is the first album released under the moniker "Sir Ari".
Track listing
Flesh & Blood
Make My Body Rock
Play My F**kn Record
My Favorite Religion
Over The Internet
Out Dancing (featuring Adam Joseph)
Stay in This
Sparkle (featuring Sarah Dash)
If I Steal Your Boyfriend (featuring Mila Jam and Peppermint)
New York Attitude
Epilogue: Spirit Technology
Personnel
Producer: Ari Gold, Sarah Dash, Michael Colin, Steven Gold, Kazuhiko Gomi, Yaron Fuchs, Brandin Pope, Ido Zmishlany
Video Director: Colly Carver, Aaron Cobbett, Duane Cramer, Karl Giant, Christopher Ciccone, Amir Jaffer, Joe Phillips, Lex Wolfcraft
Remixing: Scott Anderson, Daniel Bagley, Massimo Esposito, Dr. Brooks, Jared Jones, Tim Letteer, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Matt Moss, Rasjek
Mastering: Yaron Fuchs
Mixing: Yaron Fuchs
Vocals: Ari Gold, Sarah Dash, Mila Jam, Adam Joseph, Kelly King, Peppermint, Ido Zmishlany
Make-Up: Josh Galarza
Hair Stylist: Roberto Novo
Photography: Jason Duran, André Robert Lee, Gustavo Monroy, Edwin Pabon
Art Direction: Christopher Kornmann
Design: Christopher Kornmann
Web Design: Allison Borowick, Bob Paterson
Programming: Steve Skinner
Engineer: Ido Zmishlany
Choreographer: Janelle Dote, Caitlin Grey, Nick Kenkel
Instruments: Kazuhiko Gomi (String Arrangements), T.M. Stevens (Bass), Steve Skinner (Keyboard, Keyboard Arrangements)
References
2011 albums
Ari Gold (musician) albums
The 380 kV Ems Overhead Powerline Crossing is a power line crossing for two circuits on the Ems River South of Weener, Germany. It is mounted on two 110 m tall pylons with two crossbars. The length of the span is 405 m.
The crossing was an obstacle for ships built by Meyer Werft in Papenburg. Although the ships could pass beneath the line, the clearance was often so close that the line had to be switched off. When this procedure was followed on November 4, 2006, in order to let the vessel Norwegian Pearl pass, a large blackout occurred in many parts of Europe. According to official reports, this was caused because of the switching off of this line.
In summer 2007, the towers were rebuilt to be 26 metres (85 feet) higher.
References
Powerline river crossings
Electric power transmission systems in Germany
The June 2022 Flagstaff wildfires are an ongoing series of wildfires burning near the city of Flagstaff, Arizona. So far, at least three wildfires have been reported near Flagstaff and have caused hundreds of people to evacuate. However, two of the three reported fires, which are the Haywire and Double fires, combined on June 13. Before the merge of both of the fires, the Double Fire burned . The first wildfire to be discovered was the Pipeline Fire on June 12 at around 10:15 AM (MST); By Monday evening on June 13, the fire burned . As of June 13, 2022, no injuries or deaths have been reported, and one structure has been destroyed.
Wildfires
References
2022 in Arizona
2022 wildfires
2022 meteorology
2022 North American wildfires
Wildfires in Arizona
June 2022 events in the United States
2022 natural disasters in the United States
History of Coconino County, Arizona
Notre-Dame de Lourdes Church () is a modernist Catholic church in Casablanca, Morocco. It was built in 1954 by architect Achille Dangleterre and engineer Gaston Zimmer. The main attraction of Notre-Dame de Lourdes church is the glasswork of world-famous stained glass artist Gabriel Loire. Its also long concrete entrance is also noteworthy.
Stained glass
References
Churches in Morocco
Modernist architecture
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings
The Ministry of Justice of Sudan was created in 1956 by Mohammed Ahmed Abu Ranat and Ahmed Metwally al-Atabani (who became a judiciary head and deputy general respectively after the country's independence from Anglo-Egyptian rule). In 1983, the ministry's responsibilities were clearly defined to include representing the state in legal affairs, reviewing and reforming laws that promote justice, and other functions.
List of ministers
'Ali 'Abd al-Rahman (1954–1955)
Ziada Osman Arbab (1956–1964)
Rashid al-Tahir (1964–1965)
Mamoun Sinada (1966–1968)
Rashid al-Tahir (1968–1969)
Amin al-Tahir al-Shibli (1969–1971)
Ahmad Sulayman (1971–1973)
Hasan al-Turabi (1988–1989)
Hasan Ishma'il al-Bili (1989–1990)
Ahmad Mahmud Hassan (1991–1992)
Abdallah Idris (1992–1993)
Abd El-Aziz Shiddo (1993–1996)
'Abd al-Basit Sabdarat (1996–1997)
'Ali Muhammed 'Uthman Yasin (1998–2005)
Mohamed Ali Al-Mardi (2006–2007)
'Abd Al-Basit Sabdarat (2007–2010)
Mohammed Bushara Dousa (2010–2017)
Idris Ibrahim Jameel (2017–2019)
Nasredeen Abdulbari (also: Nasr-Eddin Abdul-Bari, Nasr al-Din Abdel Bari) (2019–present)
See also
Justice ministry
Politics of Sudan
References
Sudan Political Service officers
Government ministries of Sudan
Fine Madness was a literary magazine that was published from 1982–2006, in Seattle, Washington. It was included in the anthology Best American Poetry.
The editorial board included: poets Louis Bergsagel (founder), James Snydal, John W. Marshall, Kathryn Macdonald, and Sean Bentley. Subsequent members of the board included poets Christine Deavel, John Malek, Anne Pitkin, Judith Skillman, David Edelman, Alan Wald (not Dr. Alan M. Wald, and Sherry Rind.
The magazine's name came from an excerpt of a poem by English poet Michael Drayton (1563–1631):
The first issue was produced single-handedly by Bergsagel in 1982; the second volume with its full board appeared in 1984 as a triquarterly; issues then appeared semiannually through volume 10; annual issues appeared for 10 years thereafter. Bergsagel left the magazine in 1995. The last issue was number 30. An anthology was also published, March Hares: The Best Poems from Fine Madness 1982 – 2002.
The editorial guidelines stated, 'Fine Madness is seeking writers with distinctive voices, and writing that shows a mind working, not just a tongue. We are open to almost any style of poetry or prose, provided that the form works for the piece and not against it.'
For several years the magazine offered awards outstanding work in the current issue: the Nelson Bentley Editor's Choice, the Kay Deeter Award, and the Mark Anderson Award (all $500). These awards were funded by individual donors. The magazine itself was wholly supported by subscription and private donation, aside from a single National Endowment Award grant.
Among its notable contributors were Albert Goldbarth, Naomi Shihab Nye, Dannie Abse, Tess Gallagher, Ted Kooser, Pattiann Rogers, William Stafford, Andrei Codrescu, Sherman Alexie, Linda Bierds, and Greg Kuzma.
References
1982 establishments in Washington (state)
2006 disestablishments in Washington (state)
Annual magazines published in the United States
Biannual magazines published in the United States
Defunct literary magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1982
Magazines disestablished in 2006
Magazines published in Seattle
Poetry magazines published in the United States
Jeff Borris (born March 29, 1962) is a sports agent and attorney who has represented hundreds of Major League Baseball players over the past 30 years. The TV show Arliss was loosely based on the life of Borris. He is considered one of the top baseball salary arbitration experts in the world and has reportedly delivered some of the most lucrative player contracts in baseball history. Clients claim Borris has a way of getting deals done and his 24/7 work ethic is renowned throughout the industry. With over $1 billion worth of contracts negotiated, including breaking the salary barrier multiple times, he is easily one of the most influential managers in baseball history.
Professional career
Borris began his career as a sports agent as an intern at Beverly Hills Sports Council while at Southwestern Law School, which later became a full-time position. His fresh approach to baseball management soon meant that the intern became the owner along with two partners, Dan Horwits and childhood friend Rick Thurman.
Some of Borris' notable clients include Barry Bonds, Jose Canseco, Rickey Henderson, Bret Saberhagen, Bobby Bonilla, Brady Anderson, Curt Schilling, Trevor Hoffman, Michael Young, Tim Lincecum, Hunter Pence, Darren O'Day, Rick Van den Hurk, Mark Reynolds, Michael Schwimer, and Dan Uggla.
Borris also represented Dinesh Patel and Rinku Singh after the two Indian-born pitchers won an Indian reality television show called Million Dollar Arm Challenge and tried out in front of 30 major league scouts in November 2008. The two pitchers were later signed by the Pittsburgh Pirates and became the first Indian-born players to sign a professional sports contract of any kind in America.
In 2015, Borris joined Ballengee Group.
Education
Borris earned his bachelor's degree in political science from California State University, Northridge and a Juris Doctor from Southwestern Law School. Borris was an adjunct professor of sports law at Southwestern Law School from 1993 to 2001.
Personal
Borris was born in Los Angeles and raised in the San Fernando Valley.
Borris is also an accomplished poker player and appeared in High Stakes Hold' Em Season 2 playing against professional players like Kenny Tran and Brian Rast.
References
1962 births
Living people
American sports agents
Coffeeland: One Man's Dark Empire and the Making of Our Favorite Drug is a 2020 non-fiction book by Augustine Sedgewick. It's a social, economic, and political history of the production and use of coffee and its effect on society – "A history that charts the 400-year transformation of coffee from a mysterious Ottoman custom to an everyday necessity for many."
This is the first book by Sedgewick (born 1979, Portland, Maine) who earned his Ph.D. from Harvard University. He had previously published articles in the journals International Labor and Working-Class History and History of the Present.
Michael Pollan published an extensive review of Coffeeland in The Atlantic. Pollan's review describes how Sedgewick ties the advent of coffee to the rise of modern capitalism, as its replacement of alcohol as workers' common workplace beverage allowed the burgeoning white-collar cohart to work longer hours with improved focus on office tasks, coffee being "a form of instant energy – a work drug", this becoming the basis of the coffee break – an institution originated to benefit the employer (by energizing workers), not the employee.
Sedgewick also focuses on the production history of coffee. He details the story of James Hill, an Englishman who applied industrial methods – sometimes brutal – to the growing of coffee in El Salvador, creating a rigid monoculture of coffee and a pool of native workers driven by hunger – their native food sources having been deliberately destroyed – to work the coffee plantations. "Eventually, he even recoiled at the sound of workers' laughter, because it meant they were squandering time and energy that belonged to him."
Coffeeland was also reviewed by Publishers Weekly, The Economist, Goodreads, and Kirkus Reviews.
References
21st-century history books
American history books
2020 non-fiction books
History books about agriculture
Works about coffee
19th century in El Salvador
Economic history of El Salvador
Allen Lane (imprint) books
William Paul Yoerg (October 16, 1883 – September 26, 1957), sometimes referred to as Bill Yoerg, was an American politician, businessman, and the 32nd mayor of Holyoke, Massachusetts. A tire salesman and garage proprietor prior to his political career, Yoerg established his company, Yoerg Tire & Rubber Company in 1909, reportedly selling more U.S. Brand tires than any other New England competitor during his time in business, overseeing it in some capacity until his retirement in 1954. During his tenure as mayor, he presided during several WPA projects, including the expansion of Mackenzie Stadium, completion of the city's War Memorial Building, and the construction of flood controls in the downtown and Springdale. He also ran an unsuccessful campaign for Lieutenant Governor in 1938.
Personal life
William Paul Yoerg was born in South Hadley Falls, Massachusetts on October 16, 1883 to Michael John, a mill supervisor, and Nellie Yoerg (née O'Brien). Yoerg would attend public school in South Hadley until he was 13, when he took up work as an errand boy and eventual clerk for the J. Russell & Company Hardware Store in Holyoke. At 18 he became a clerk and eventual manager for the Revere Tire Company on Main Street, beginning his automotive business career, and by the age of 23 was serving as a travelling sales representative for Diamond Rubber. On November 17, 1907, he married his wife, Mary G. Dugan of Ware at St. Patrick's Church in South Hadley, and on April 19, 1909 went on to open his own tire business. Initially across from City Hall at 496 Dwight Street, Yoerg would gradually build his business over the next three decades with the phrase "Call Yoerg, 804", capitalizing on the still-relatively new telephone system. He would change locations several times to accommodate his growing business until he eventually settled Yoerg Tire and Rubber at 158 Chestnut Street in 1915, where it remained until his retirement in 1954; his former garage building still stands at that address today. Prior to his election he would also serve as the president of the Holyoke Automobile Maintenance Association and on the board of directors of the Tri-County Automobile Club.
Mayoralty
In 1934 Yoerg would run for the first time against incumbent Mayor Henry Toepfert, but this first campaign proved unsuccessful. On October 30, 1935, Yoerg again took out nomination papers. Although his father, a mill supervisor, had been active in Democratic politics, Yoerg's campaign and subsequent win in the throes of the Great Depression were reported as unexpected by the Boston Herald. Yoerg managed to successfully posture himself as a more responsive alternative to the incumbent Henry Toepfert, with his campaign chairman labeling the mayor "dictatorial" for his refusal to enforce traffic orders passed by the board of alderman for new stop signs and traffic patterns. He would go across the city appealing to many of its clubs and groups across ethnic and class lines, reportedly holding 10 rallies in a single day, criticizing the incumbent administration's actions as opaque and unresponsive. Ultimately by characterizing his opponent as autocratic, chastising Toepfert's hold over the welfare commission, and using accident statistics and appealing to his experience in the automotive industry, Yoerg was able to win over voters. He won in an electoral upset by a margin 1,203 votes on December 3, 1935.
Holyoke mayoral election, 1934
Holyoke mayoral election, 1935
Holyoke mayoral election, 1936
Holyoke mayoral election, 1937
During his tenure Yoerg would work directly with President Franklin Roosevelt, meeting with him in Springfield on August 1, 1936, on behalf of the mayors and selectmen of Western Massachusetts, and testifying before Congress, to rally for WPA funding of new infrastructure projects for flood controls, utilities, and recreation. In 1938 he was credited with successfully lobbying for nearly $1.5 million in Works Progress Administration funds for several streets and sewers projects, equivalent to $26.7 million dollars in 2019 US Dollars. Influenced by Roosevelt's fireside chats, in 1939 Yoerg would also spend a series of radio broadcasts outlining the housing, infrastructure, and other issues that needed to be addressed by the city and its counterparts in state and Federal government.
Yoerg would go on to win two more elections, defeating Toepfert-favorite Dr. Robert Cleary in 1936, and Toepfert a second time in 1937, marking the beginning of the first 2-year term in the city's history. Two months before the election, in October 1939, Yoerg would drop out of the race to lead the newly-formed Holyoke Housing Authority as it planned its first project, Lyman Terrace. He would perform his duties as executive director of the agency without salary until September 1940, when he would resign to resume his full-time duties managing his garage.
Later life and death
Following the end of his term as director of the housing authority, for much of the remainder of his life, Yoerg would remain involved in his garage business, and as a field representative of the local Tri-County Automobile Club. He would later offer public support for controversial Mayor Edwin A. Seibel in the 1950s, who in return would appoint him to the board of the department of public works from 1953 to 1956. After a period of illness, Yoerg died at the age of 72 on September 26, 1957; he was interred in St. Jerome's Cemetery.
Legacy
Yoerg's relatively brief tenure, left a considerable legacy in Holyoke, through the many WPA projects that he and his administration pursued, including the War Memorial Building, modernization projects of Mitchell Field and Mackenzie Stadium, modernizing of sewer systems, construction of the city's levy and pumping station systems, the implementation of modern school lunch programs, and the building of Lyman Terrace and Holyoke Housing Authority. With Yoerg's extensive ties to the automobile industry, serving as a director of the Tri-County Automobile Club, he would however assure that the Holyoke Street Railway Company completely dismantled its tracks on city streets with the termination of trolley service in 1937. Yoerg's Garage still stands today at Chestnut Street, as does Yoerg Circle in Beaudoin Village, the latter memorializing his pro bono service in helping to establish the housing authority.
References
External links
Greater Holyoke Magazine, promotional literature published May 1937 by the Chamber of Commerce, during Yoerg's term
1883 births
1957 deaths
20th-century American politicians
Mayors of Holyoke, Massachusetts
Massachusetts Democrats
Businesspeople from Massachusetts
20th-century American businesspeople
Sir Peter Lauderdale Daubeny, (16 April 1921, Wiesbaden, Germany – 6 August 1975, London) was a British theatre impresario.
Daubeny trained with Michel Saint-Denis and began his career under the director William Armstrong at the Liverpool Playhouse. Losing his left-arm at Salerno in 1943 led to him abandoning an acting career and staging his own productions including Franz Werfel's Jacobowsky and the Colonel in 1945. The London visits of the Berliner Ensemble in 1956 and the Moscow Art Theatre were organised by Daubeny.
Henry Kendall (actor), in Chapter 23 of his autobiography, 'I Remember Romano's', 'An Alligator and Mr. Chaplin', (Macdonald, London, 1960), wrote that Daubney asked him in 1955 to " ...keep an eye on his (Daubney's) revival at the Palace", (Palace Theatre, London), of The Merry Widow, starring Jan Kiepura and Marta Eggerth, while he was on business in Paris.
He is best remembered for his organisation of the World Theatre Season, which brought foreign theatre companies to London between 1964 and 1975. Amongst other honours, including an OBE in the 1961 Birthday Honours and a CBE in the 1967 New Year Honours, he was knighted in the 1973 Birthday Honours.
References
Michael Denison, ‘Daubeny, Sir Peter Lauderdale (1921–1975)', rev. Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, Oxford University Press, 2004
1921 births
1975 deaths
German emigrants to the United Kingdom
British theatre managers and producers
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Knights Bachelor
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
Gold crosses of the Order of George I
Knights of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic
Recipients of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Recipients of the Order of Polonia Restituta
Commanders of the Order of Vasa
Recipients of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres
The Corley Conspiracy is an opera by Tim Benjamin to a libretto by Sean Starke, who also directed. The work premiered on 19 September 2007 in the Purcell Room at the Southbank Centre in London; the orchestral parts were played by the ensemble Radius. The opera was commissioned by the London Design Festival 2007.
Roles
The performance of the work lasts for about 75 minutes.
Structure
Unusually for an opera, all the vocal parts are spoken, but unlike a play, the music is continuous and relates strongly to the text.
Background
The text of the work is based on Mike Corley's experiences and theories, as shown in his Usenet posts and on his website.
Mike Corley is an information technology specialist residing in the United Kingdom. He has a long history of posting Usenet messages detailing how MI5 has allegedly bugged his home, watched him via his television and is sending people to follow him around and harass him. These messages are often crossposted to many different newsgroups. His claims of being persecuted by MI5 (the Subject: line of his posts) have led to claims that he is suffering from paranoid schizophrenia. He has claimed in his posts that television personalities are often talking about him in code and are part of the MI5 conspiracy. He has been banned from posting through Google for his abuse of Usenet and has been similarly barred from most Internet service providers in England, an assertion which Corley contested in August 2012.
See also
Usenet celebrity
References
External links
Official website
Review of the work
Operas
English-language operas
2007 operas
Usenet people
Works about conspiracy theories
Leanderville is an unincorporated community in Randolph County, Illinois, United States. Leanderville is east of Chester.
References
Unincorporated communities in Randolph County, Illinois
Unincorporated communities in Illinois
Eurico Alessandro Degaspari (born September 23, 1984 in Piracicaba), known as Eurico, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as left back for Toledo.
Career statistics
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football defenders
Ituano FC players
People from Piracicaba
Footballers from São Paulo (state)
Falard () may refer to:
Falard District
Falard Rural District
KFAS was a radio station on 1260 kHz in Casa Grande, Arizona, which operated from December 6, 1956 to at least November 1995. Its FCC license was canceled on February 9, 1997.
History
KPIN (call letters standing for PINal County) signed on December 6, 1956 as the first radio station in Casa Grande. It broadcast with 1,000 watts during the day on 1260 kHz and was owned by the ABC Service Company, named for its three proprietors: E. Glenn Abercrombie, Milton F. Brown, Jr., and N. L. Caperton. Within six months of signing on, ABC Service Company sold the station to John W. Parham and David A. Garee, who promptly exited the partnership. In 1966, Casa Grande Broadcasting bought the station; by the time of its sale to KPIN, Inc. at the end of 1970, it held an affiliation with the Mutual Broadcasting System. In 1973, an application was made by new owner Santa Cruz Valley Communication Systems for an FM partner on 105.5 MHz; Brett F. Eisele filed a mutually exclusive application and won the frequency, which signed on as KBFE in 1976.
In 1989, a consortium of owners including Frank Sinatra bought the station, continuing a revolving door of owners. The callsign was changed to KFAS and it was paired with KFAS-FM (the former KBFE) at 105.5 MHz, giving it the FM counterpart it had not been able to obtain 15 years prior. The callsign was derived from Sinatra's initials, Francis Albert Sinatra. KFAS broadcast country music while KFAS-FM held an adult contemporary format. By 1990, KFAS had flipped to Spanish to fill a void created when station KXMK changed formats to classical music in a simulcast with Phoenix-area station KONC. Ultimately, the two stations began simulcasting again. However, the combo soon became embroiled in a buyout, lawsuits, and in 1992, a suit filed by the Associated Press which sought $28,158 in unpaid wire service bills.
In 1995, KFAS's FM counterpart (now known as KKER), which had upgraded its facilities in order to become a rimshot into Phoenix, was bought by McDaniel and Callaham and began broadcasting the K-LOVE network, changing its calls to KLVA and later being sold directly to the Educational Media Foundation. One last go was made of 1260 AM late in 1995, when it returned to the air after an absence of more than two years and bearing a country format. It also sought to use the KKER callsign that had been used by 105.5 FM. This final incarnation of the station was short-lived, disappearing quickly, and the license was canceled in February 1997 for failure to transmit in a 12-month period under Section 312(g) of the Communications Act.
In May 2010, 1260 AM returned to Pinal County when KBSZ relocated from Wickenburg to Apache Junction, moving from 1250 kHz.
References
External links
FCC History Cards for KFAS (KPIN)
FCCdata.org records for KPIN
Radio stations established in 1956
Radio stations disestablished in 1996
Casa Grande, Arizona
Defunct radio stations in the United States
Frank Sinatra
1956 establishments in Arizona
1996 disestablishments in Arizona
FAS
FAS
Chah Boland (, also Romanized as Chāh Boland) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 303, in 85 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
This is a list of the Netherlands national football team results from 1920 to 1939. Throughout this period they played in 112 matches.
The Netherlands participated in three Summer Olympics, in 1920, in 1924 and in 1928, reaching the semi-finals in 1920 where they lost to hosts and eventual champions Belgium, and in the repechage they reached the final where they disputed the silver medal against Spain (as the actual runner-up, Czechoslovakia, had been disqualified), but lost 1-3, thus winning the Bronze medal for the second time. In 1924 they reached the semi-finals again, but lost again to the eventual champions Uruguay, and this time they failed to win Bronze with a 3-1 loss to Sweden, and finally, in 1928, they were knocked out again by the eventual champions Uruguay. The Netherlands also qualified through to two FIFA World Cups, the 1934 and 1938 editions, but failed to go any further than the round of 16 in both occasions.
Results
References
External links
Results at RSSSF
1900s in the Netherlands
1910s in the Netherlands
Boyle Street is a neighbourhood located in central Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, immediately east of the downtown core. The neighbourhood is bounded by Grierson Hill to Rowland Road until Alex Taylor Road and then Jasper Avenue east until 82 Street by the south, 82 Street by the east, 97 Street by the west, and the LRT tracks to the north, with Jasper Avenue and 103A Avenue running through the neighbourhood.
The area is ethnically diverse, with a large Chinese community (14.7% of the population in 2001), and Aboriginal descent (4.0% North American Indian, 1.2% Métis, 0.2% Inuit in 2001).
The community is represented by the Boyle Street Community League, established in 1946.
History
Boyle Street is one of the oldest parts of the city, and is named for lawyer John Robert Boyle.
The origin of the name 'Boyle Street' lies in the original street layouts of the area. Prior to the adoption of the grid system, the district had its avenues running north–south and its streets running east–west (which contrasts with the modern road system in Edmonton). Boyle Street was an east–west throughway which roughly corresponds with the modern 103A Avenue.
Boyle Street was originally the downtown of Edmonton, when the current downtown was under the Hudson's Bay Reserve Lands. Later, land was sold by Hudson's Bay Company, and development occurred on the modern downtown.
Boyle Street has some of the highest concentrations of old buildings in Edmonton.
Many of the buildings in the area were destroyed during the 1970s, largely as the city removed old and derelict housing and redeveloped the area.
According to the 2001 Federal Census, 42.3% of the occupied private dwellings in Boyle Street were constructed during the 1970s, with a further 14.8% constructed during the following decade. The 2005 Municipal Census reports that 80% of the 3,486 dwelling units in the neighbourhood are apartment style dwellings with a further 15% being rooming houses or collective residences.
Many sites left vacant by demolition during the 1970s were never redeveloped, leaving the area with a patchwork of vacant lots, parking lots and historic buildings. Most of the buildings that escaped demolition were spared because of their Edwardian structures or because they had been previously designated as heritage buildings.
One of the more distinctive municipal historic resource sites in the Boyle Street area is the Gibson Block, a "rare example of a commercial building following the 1902 prototype of a flat iron building, so named for its distinctive triangular shape."
Demographics
In the City of Edmonton's 2012 municipal census, Boyle Street had a population of living in dwellings, a -1.2% change from its 2009 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of people/km2 in 2012.
Ethnic diversity
Boyle Street is an ethnically diverse neighbourhood. According to the 2001 Federal Census, there were 5,930 people living in the neighbourhood, with 46.7% of the population identifying themselves with a specific ethnic group (including Canadian). The most common ethnic groups, with their percentage of the total Boyle Street population were:
14.7% Chinese
8.2% Canadian
5.4% Aboriginal (including North American Indian, Métis and Inuit)
3.1% English
2.9% Ukrainian
2.2% Irish
2.1% German
Future development
In 2006, the City of Edmonton began holding public consultations for what it deemed "The Quarters Downtown". The project's aims were to transform a large part of the Boyle Street Community (officially the borders of 'The Quarters Downtown' were defined as being from 97 Street in the west to 92 Street in the east, and from the river valley in the south to 103A Avenue in the north).
This plan saw the area divided into four quarters. The Heritage Quarter would consist of a stretch of Jasper Avenue between 97 Street and 96 Street, which held a large number of historical structures. The Civic Quarter would lie immediately to the north of the Heritage Quarter, and would consist of the area adjacent to the Law Courts, which are located immediately across 97 Street from the Civic Quarter. The other two quarters would be largely residential, a low density McCauley Quarter (so named because it borders on the neighbourhood of McCauley) would lie in the north-east of the district, while the Five Corners Quarter (so named because it centres on the intersection of Jasper Avenue, Harbin Road (102 Avenue) and 95 Street, which has five corners) would be a higher density residential quarter.
See also
Edmonton Federation of Community Leagues
Boyle Street Education Centre
References
External links
Boyle Street Community Profile including 2001 Census Data.
Downtown East Project
Boyle Street McCauley Area Redevelopment Plan Consolidation (14 MB)
Edmonton Designated Municipal Historic Resource Sites
Hecla Block
Gibson Block
Pendennis Hotel
Ernest Brown Block/Brighton Block
Goodridge Building
Kingston Powell Building
Neighbourhoods in Edmonton
Hell for Sure Lake is an Alpine lake located in the John Muir Wilderness, which is part of the Sierra Nevada mountain range. The lake is at an elevation of , has a few small rocky islands and is between Red Mountain to the north and Mount Hutton to the south. The Hell for Sure trail and Hell for Sure Pass both are named after this lake with the region being known for its rough terrain. The rocks the surround Hell for Sure Lake and its nearby mountains are estimated to be over 100 million years old.
Nearby Lakes
Within the Red Mountain basin there are a few lakes that are close to Hell for Sure Lake including Horseshoe Lake, Disappointment lake, and Devil's Punchbowl.
See also
List of lakes in California
References
Lakes of the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Route 85 is a short highway in Gentry County.
Route description
Its northern terminus is at Business U.S. Route 136 in Albany; its southern terminus is at Evona where the highway becomes Route A. No other towns are on the route.
History
Major intersections
The entire route is in Gentry County
References
085
Transportation in Gentry County, Missouri
is a railway station operated by the Kominato Railway Company's Kominato Line, located in Ichihara, Chiba Prefecture, Japan. It is 23.8 kilometers from the western terminus of the Kominato Line at Goi Station.
History
Takataki Station was opened on March 7, 1925. Use of its island platform was discontinued on September 16, 1998. It has been unattended since 1967.
Lines
Kominato Railway Company
Kominato Line
Station layout
Takataki Station has a single side platform serving bidirectional traffic. The overgrown ruins of an opposing side platform remain. There is a small station building with a waiting room, but with no ticket gate.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
External links
Kominato Railway Company home page
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1925
Railway stations in Chiba Prefecture
Richard Fowler may refer to:
Richard A. Fowler (born 1987), radio show host, media personality, and political activist
Richard Fowler (cricketer) (1887–1970), English cricketer
Sir Richard Fowler (chancellor) (died 1477), English administrator, Chancellor of the Exchequer
Sir Richard Fowler, 2nd Baronet (1681–1731), English politician
Richard Fowler (physician) (1765–1863), English physician
Rick Fowler, musician
Richard Fowler (naturalist) (1948–2016), American veteran, naturalist, and jungle expedition guide
See also
Dick Fowler (disambiguation)
Rickie Fowler (born 1988), professional golfer
The Forbidden Rocks () is a linear rock outcrop, long, located on the western edge of the Christoffersen Heights and between Haskell Glacier and Walk Glacier, in the Jones Mountains of Antarctica. They were mapped by the University of Minnesota Jones Mountains Party, 1960–61, and so named by the party because the rocks were inaccessible from their northwest approach because of crevasse fields.
References
Rock formations of Ellsworth Land
Sällskapet is an exclusive gentlemen's club in Stockholm, Sweden, providing private member facilities to a constitutionally limited number of members, and their invited guests.
Creation
The success of private gentlemen's clubs in London during the eighteenth century led to a group of Swedish socialites seeking similar facilities in their capital. A total of 91 founders established Sällskapet, which opened on 1 December 1800. The founders established a rule book and constitution for their society, aiming to recreate the ethos and success of top London clubs such as White's.
Clubhouse
On 31 March 1870 Sällskapet relocated into a new purpose-built clubhouse in central Stockholm, on the opposite bank of the river from the Swedish Parliament and the Royal Palace. The Club remains at this location, No 7 Arsenalsgatan, to the present day. The architect was Johan Fredrik Åbom a leading proponent of his art in mid-nineteenth century Stockholm. Åbom had also designed the world-renowned Hotel Rydberg (where the Club then met), whose banqueting hall was considered one of the greatest architectural triumphs of nineteenth century Stockholm, and which gave its name to the now classical Swedish dish "Biff Rydberg". The members commissioned Åbom to construct a clubhouse including an exact replica of the Hotel Rydberg banqueting hall. As the hotel no longer exists, the main dining room at Sällskapet is the only place where Biff Rydberg may be eaten in its original setting.
Membership
Membership of Sällskapet is limited to 2,000, and there are more applications for membership than available places. The King of Sweden King Carl XVI Gustaf is a club member and patron of the club. Prince Carl Philip, Duke of Värmland is an honorary member. The club's membership is male only, although members may bring female guests into the clubhouse daily after 3 pm. Children aged 12 or above may visit the Club accompanied by their parents, boys all day, and girls after 3 pm.
Facilities
The main clubhouse has attractive lounges, games rooms, and a billiards room, as well as coffee rooms, dining rooms, and facilities for private study and work. The library houses a collection of over 15,000 books, and is one of the largest private collections in Sweden. Members enjoy reciprocal facilities at a number of similar clubs in other countries. There is a smoking room, but smoking is not otherwise permitted inside the clubhouse.
References
1800 establishments in Sweden
Gentlemen's clubs in Sweden
Simine Vazire Ph.D (b. 1980) is Professor of Psychology Ethics and Wellbeing at the University of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia; formerly Professor of Psychology at the University of California, Davis. She is a social and personality psychologist who studies how self-perception and self-knowledge influence one's personality and behavior.
Vazire was recipient of the American Psychological Association Award for Distinguished Scientific Early Career Contributions to Psychology in 2015 for "original contributions to understanding the limits of self-knowledge and the constraints on our knowledge of others." Vazire was recognized as a rising star by the Association for Psychological Science. Her other awards include the SAGE Young Scholar Award (2011), and the Outstanding Early Career Award from the International Society for Self and Identity (2011).
Vazire co-founded the Society for the Improvement of Psychological Science (SIPS), which aims to encourage open, reproducible science; she has served as chair of the SIPS executive committee and is a member of the senior editorial team of their journal Collabra: Psychology. Vazire is a member of the Board of Directors of the Association for Psychological Science (2016–2019) and is editor of the journal Social Psychological and Personality Science. With Timothy D. Wilson, Vazire co-edited the Handbook of Self-Knowledge, which reviews the state of the science on how people perceive their own personality traits, behaviors, thoughts, emotions, and relationships.
Biography
Born to an Iranian father, Vazire received her BA in psychology (minoring in women's studies) at Carleton College in 2000. She continued her education in taking a PhD in social and personality psychology program at the University of Texas at Austin, where she worked under the supervision of Samuel D. Gosling. Her dissertation titled The Person from the Inside and Outside was named University of Texas Outstanding Dissertation in the Social Sciences in 2006.
Vazire joined the faculty of the Department of Psychology at Washington University in St. Louis in 2007, where she was appointed Saul and Louise Rosenzweig Chair in Personality Science. Vazire was a Fellow of the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences at Stanford University (2013–2014). She subsequently moved to join the faculty of the Department of Psychology at University of California, Davis in 2014, where she directs the Personality and Self-Knowledge Lab. Her research on self-knowledge and the development of character has been supported by grants from National Science Foundation and the John Templeton Foundation.
Research
Simine Vazire is known for her research of self-knowledge in relation to personality and behavior, which examines topics such as how accurate people perceive themselves (identity) and how they are perceived by others (reputation) and self-other asymmetries in the accuracy of personality judgments. Vazire's self-other knowledge asymmetry model aims to establish the conditions under which self-knowledge is more or less accurate than the evaluations of others. According to her model, self-knowledge should be more accurate for traits that are low in observability, such as neuroticism, and less accurate for traits that are high in evaluativeness, such as intellectual ability.
Vazire and her colleagues have examined narcissism in relation to other personality traits, such as impulsivity Several studies have relied on experience sampling methods, which Vazire learned as a student working with Matthias Mehl and James W. Pennebaker, the developers of the Electronically Activated Recorder (EAR) methodology for sampling naturalistic daily activities and conversations. Her co-authored study with Nicholas Holtzman and Mehl, titled Sounds like a narcissist: Behavioral manifestations of narcissism in everyday life, was named the best paper of 2011 by the Journal of Research in Personality. Using EAR methodology, the researchers sampled naturalistic behavior of college students over four consecutive days and related their everyday behaviors to scores on the Narcissistic Personality Inventory and to other established measures of personality traits and self-esteem. The researchers found relationships between narcissism, as assessed using the traditional measures, and observed behaviors. Individuals who scored higher on narcissism displayed more extraverted and less agreeable behavior and were more likely to engage in sexual language use than other college students.
Other collaborative studies have investigated whether users' profiles on online social networking sites provide accurate portrayals of their owners. Vazire and her colleagues argue against the view that users of social networking sites present altered and idealized depictions of themselves online that are not accurate reflections of their true "offline" personalities. Rather, they suggest that users tend to express themselves authentically in their efforts to communicate with others online. Users' social networking site profiles appear to be sufficient to allow others to gain an accurate sense of their personalities, especially for traits such as openness to experience.
Representative publications
Back, M. D., Stopfer, J. M., Vazire, S., Gaddis, S., Schmukle, S. C., Egloff, B., & Gosling, S. D. (2010). Facebook profiles reflect actual personality, not self-idealization. Psychological Science, 21(3), 372–374.
Gosling, S. D., Vazire, S., Srivastava, S., & John, O. P. (2004). Should we trust web-based studies? A comparative analysis of six preconceptions about internet questionnaires. American Psychologist, 59(2), 93–104.
Vazire, S., & Gosling, S. D. (2004). e-Perceptions: Personality impressions based on personal websites. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 87(1), 123–132.
Vazire, S. (2010). Who knows what about a person? The self–other knowledge asymmetry (SOKA) model. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 98(2), 281–300.
Vazire, S., & Funder, D. C. (2006). Impulsivity and the self-defeating behavior of narcissists. Personality and Social Psychology Review, 10(2), 154–165.
References
External links
http://mindbrain.ucdavis.edu/people/svazire
http://www.simine.com/
http://psychology.ucdavis.edu/directory-of-people/featured-faculty/simine-vazire-studying-self-knowledge
University of California, Davis faculty
Carleton College alumni
University of Texas at Austin alumni
American women psychologists
American psychologists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Rushmore University is an unaccredited institution of higher learning offering online degrees in a variety of business-related fields, exclusively via distance learning. It has been described as a diploma mill, providing illegitimate academic degrees and diplomas for a fee.
History
Rushmore was started in 1996 in South Dakota by Michael Cox (professor) (1952-2006), whose credentials included a PhD in Accounting from Oklahoma State University and seven years' teaching at the University of Arkansas and Sam Houston State University.
As of June 4, 2006 Rushmore had a mailing address in the Cayman Islands. The Maine Department of Education formerly listed it as having been located in South Dakota and the Cayman Islands. As of August 2012, both the Maine Department of Education and Oregon Office of Degree Authorization identify Rushmore as operating in the Cayman Islands and the U.S. state of Georgia.
Approach
Rushmore offers all of its educational programs solely through distance education. It has no physical campus and has had various mailing addresses, from Wyoming to the Cayman Islands. It currently has a mailing address in South Dakota. Rushmore states that each student can design their own entire curriculum.
Students are encouraged to publish their student papers on the Internet, in conventional journals or magazines, or as self-published books. Editors are employed by the institution to help improve students' written work. Rushmore promotional materials state that the "status as an author" that results from these publications gives its alumni "greater recognition and credibility than [their] competitors".
Lack of accreditation
Formerly Rushmore's promotional material claimed that the conventionally recognized system of educational accreditation in the United States is irrelevant and that Rushmore had instead attained "independent accreditation," as measured solely by the success of its graduates. In the past, Rushmore claimed approval from a variety of agencies, none of them recognized by the United States Department of Education (USDE) or the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA). The Oregon State Office of Degree Authorization has no evidence that this is an accredited or otherwise acceptable provider of postsecondary education meeting Oregon standards. Oregon employers should consider degrees from this supplier to be substandard unless each degree program is evaluated in detail by an external evaluator acceptable to ODA. The Maine Department of Education and State of Michigan also list Rushmore as non-accredited. The Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board also listed Rushmore University as a "fraudulent/substandard institution" as of 18 April 2018. The State of Michigan has listed Rushmore as an unacceptable institution for credentialing for those seeking jobs in the state's Department of Civil Service.
In August 2009, Rushmore announced that it was seeking association with the Chartered Management Institute (CMI). This was announced in the August 2009 Rushmore newsletter. The Rushmore June 2012 newsletter reported that in April 2012 Rushmore had obtained CMI Recognised Center status, including approval for several Rushmore programs, though the CMI is not an accrediting organisation.
In Denmark, work done through Rushmore is not acknowledged as PhD work, hence the Danish national state radio channel recently had to retract claims made by a Rushmore graduate presented as having an accredited PhD degree.
See also
List of unaccredited institutions of higher learning
List of unrecognized accreditation associations of higher learning
School accreditation
References
External links
Rushmore University– Official website
Unaccredited institutions of higher learning in the United States
Distance education institutions based in the United States
Educational institutions established in 1996
1996 establishments in South Dakota
Satellize (formerly known as Exseed Space) is the first private Indian company to have a satellite in space. In December 2018, their first satellite was launched into space via SpaceX. They launched their second satellite, AISAT (called ExseedSat-2) for a customer, AMSAT (Radio Amateur Satellite Corporation) India on board the fourth stage of the PSLV-C45.
Exseed Innovations was started in 2017 by Mahesh Murthy, Asshar Farhan, and Kris Nair in Hyderabad. Its focus is on "assembly, integration, testing and operation of satellites" and seeks to "democratize space exploration".
See also
List of private spaceflight companies
Pixxel
Skyroot Aerospace
References
Private spaceflight companies
Space programme of India
Indian private spaceflight companies
Indian companies established in 2018
2018 establishments in Maharashtra
Companies based in Mumbai
Sébastien Hette (born 9 June 1972) is a French former professional tennis player.
A French Junior Davis Cup representative, Hette competed on the professional tour in the 1990s and had the best singles world ranking of 379. He featured in qualifying draws at the Australian Open and French Open. His only ATP Tour main draw appearance came in 1994 at the Jakarta Open, as a lucky loser from qualifying.
Hette now runs a retrogaming business called Reset XP. He was previously employed by the French Tennis Federation as the Operational Director of Davis Cup and Fed Cup events.
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
French male tennis players
NCache may refer to:
DNS NCACHE, an Internet standard used by the Domain Name System
NCACHE, a disk caching utility included in the Norton Utilities utility suite
A Lamp of Brotherhood or Fraternitatis Lumen is one of 84 decorative oil lamps cast from the bronze doors of the destroyed Monte Cassino Abbey in Italy. The original Lamp was first lit in the Abbey in 1950.
The "Lamp of Brotherhood" presently in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, is 31 cm long, 10.5 cm wide, and 14.5 cm high. Text on the upper surface reads: "Fraternitatis Lumen".
History
After World War II, Italian war widows began a movement to reconcile nations that had participated in the war, on both sides. In 1950, they organized a visit of families of those who had died in the war to several sites, including the Monte Cassino Abbey, where the original Lamp of Brotherhood was placed.
This initiative grew and by the late 1950s it had become the World Organization of the Lamp of Brotherhood (Opera Mondiale della Lampada della Fraternità), a subsidiary of the Pontificia Commissione di Assistenza led by Bishop Ferdinando Baldelli. A ceremony was held in the partially re-built Monte Cassino in 1956, in which Lamps were given to representatives of many nations. Each country that received a Lamp was intended to create a national Lampada organization, which was to have custody of the Lamp.
Vancouver Lamp
The Vancouver Lamp arrived in Vancouver through the participation of Air Vice Marshal Ken Guthrie in the original Lamp service in 1956. Guthrie said that he and his wife were the only representatives from North America at this Lamp-giving ceremony and it was placed in their custody.
No "Lampada" organization was started in North America, and so the Lamp remained in the custody of Ken and Kay Guthrie. The Lamp was a focal point at a ceremony in Sainte-Agathe, Quebec in 1959. A Mrs. Stockdale, National President of the Mothers of the Silver Cross Association laid the Lamp at the base of the Cenotaph. The Guthries brought the Lamp to Vancouver in 1964. There, the Lamp has been a focal point of the annual Battle of Britain ceremony at the Air Force Garden of Remembrance in Stanley Park.
Known Lamps
Italy – Monte Cassino Abbey The original Lamp
Belgium (West Flanders) – Zuidschote monument This monument to the victims of the first poison gas attack in World War I has a niche containing one of the Lamps of Brotherhood.
Canada – Vancouver The Lamp is used in the annual Battle of Britain ceremony.
England – St Mary's Church, Banbury A Lamp of Brotherhood from Monte Cassino was installed in 1964. It is cited as one of 84.
Netherlands – Christus Koning Church (Vredeskerk) at Venray The church was designed as a peace memorial, where a Lamp of Brotherhood would burn as a symbol of peace. The church closed in 2000, and has been converted into an office building.
Netherlands – Margraten In 1957 a Lamp was lighted at the American military cemetery in Margraten.
New Zealand – National War Memorial The Lamp is mounted in the Hall of Memories of the War Memorial.
References
External links
Lamp of Brotherhood Battleofbritain.ca – Has information on the Vancouver Lamp, and historical photos of the Lamps.
Individual lamps
Aftermath of World War II
Anti Kuus (born 29 December 1956 in Saaremaa) is an Estonian economist, entrepreneur, photographer and singer-songwriter.
Biography
Kuus graduated from Tallinn Polytechnic Institute (now called Tallinn University of Technology), Estonian Business School, and York University (in Canada). He has a master's degree in International Business Administration.
He has worked as economist, finance director and CEO. He has established companies Arco, Baltic Tours, AKTA, Aktaprint...
From 1989 to 1992, Kuus was a member of the City Council of Kuressaare. During Estonia's transition from socialism to capitalism, Kuus worked in the Saaremaa Development Centre "Arco" and actively dealt with starting up entrepreneurship and foreign economic relations in Saaremaa.
In 1989 he arranged an international photo festival in Saaremaa with as art director.
Kuus started to take a serious interest in photography in 1991, and has since published seven books of his photographs. He deals mostly with nature subjects, especially the natural environs of Saaremaa. His photographs portray the sea and sky in different variations. In 1999–2013 Kuus has published a calendar featuring his nature photographs.
Kuus has held photograph exhibitions in Estonia, the Czech Republic, and Austria.
From 1995 onward, Kuus has split his time between living and working in Tallinn and leisure time on his farm in Saaremaa.
In 2016 he focused in songwriting and released the debut CD album "Saaremaa Blues". His songs have performed also by Nunnu & Rockstar.
Bibliography
Kuus' published works include:
(reprint 2002)
(with Sulev Oll).
Discography
Saaremaa Blues. AKTA 2019.
References
Estonian photographers
Estonian businesspeople
1956 births
Living people
Tallinn University of Technology alumni
People from Kuressaare
21st-century Estonian male singers
Abysov (; masculine) or Abysova (; feminine) is a Russian last name, a variant of Abyzov. The following people bear this last name:
Irina Abysova (b. 1980), Russian open water swimmer and triathlete
References
Notes
Sources
И. М. Ганжина (I. M. Ganzhina). "Словарь современных русских фамилий" (Dictionary of Modern Russian Last Names). Москва, 2001.
Russian-language surnames
The sooty thicket fantail (Rhipidura threnothorax) is a species of bird in the family Rhipiduridae. It is found in New Guinea.
Habitats and behavior
The majority of fantails are strong fliers, and some species can undertake long migrations, but sooty thicket fantail as well as the other thicket fantails (white-bellied thicket fantail and black thicket fantail) are very weak fliers, and need to alight regularly.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Taxonomy
According to IOC there are 2 recognised subspecies. In alphabetical order, these are:
R. t. fumosa Schlegel, 1871 — Yapen (Geelvink Bay, NW of New Guinea)
R. t. threnothorax Müller, S, 1843 — Raja Ampat Islands (NW of New Guinea), Aru Islands (SW of New Guinea) and New Guinea
References
External Links
Sooty thicket fantail Rhipidura threnothorax Müller, S, 1843 «xeno-canto» website — Birds' Voices all over the world
sooty thicket fantail
Birds of New Guinea
sooty thicket fantail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The butterfly kingfish (Gasterochisma melampus) is an ocean-dwelling ray-finned bony fish in the mackerel family, Scombridae – a family which it shares with the tunas, mackerels, Spanish mackerels, and bonitos. Unlike the 50 species from those four tribes, however, this species is unique in that it is the only scombrid to be classified apart from the rest, into the subfamily Gasterochismatinae and genus Gasterochisma.
Although taxonomists and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations have accepted the name "butterfly kingfish", this fish has had many common names, including big-scaled mackerel, bigscale mackerel, butterfly mackerel, butterfly tuna, scaled tunny, scaly tuna, and others. In 1993, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration gave approval for this fish to be marketed simply as "mackerel".
Description
The juveniles of the butterfly kingfish are characterized by enormous pelvic fins that are longer than the length of its head, and that become more proportional as the fish grows. At any size, the pelvic fin tucks into a deep ventral groove, in much the same way as the first dorsal spines do in all scombrids. This species has very large cycloid scales, below which is a thick layer of fat. The swim bladder has two anterior projections that extend into the back of the skull, near the inner ear. This fish lacks the median keel on the caudal peduncle – it only has the characteristic pair of small keels on each side of the base of the caudal fin, as do other scombrids. It has 21 precaudal vertebrae, plus 23 caudal vertebrae.
This fish can be found around the world in southern temperate waters of , but most commonly under , and at depths to in the open ocean. It grows to a length of .
Most bony fishes are ectothermic, or cold-blooded, but this species, much like the related tunas, is endothermic and is able to raise its body temperature to achieve a degree of thermoregulation. It has a brain heater organ derived from the lateral rectus eye muscle, which is distinct from that of the billfishes, whose heater is derived from their superior rectus muscles.
Etymology
Gasterochisma derives from the , and () "crossing; X-shaped; sign of the 'X'".
Taxonomy
The evolutionary lineage of the butterfly kingfish is more primitive and quite different from that of the rest of the scombrids. Additionally, the morphology of this species is substantially different from that of the others – some suggest that it might belong in a different family altogether. At present, however, morphology and nuclear phylogeny provide support that Gasterochisma is sister to all other scombrids, and that both its genus, Gasterochisma, and its subfamily, Gasterochismatinae, remain as monotypic taxa under the family Scombridae.
The following cladogram shows the most likely evolutionary relationships between the butterfly kingfish and the tunas, mackerels, Spanish mackerels, and bonitos.
References
Tony Ayling & Geoffrey Cox, Collins Guide to the Sea Fishes of New Zealand, (William Collins Publishers Ltd., Auckland, New Zealand 1982)
Scombridae
Taxa named by John Richardson (naturalist)
Fish described in 1845
John Oldham (July 1592 – July 20, 1636) was an early Puritan settler in Massachusetts. He was a captain, merchant, and Indian trader. His death at the hands of the Indians was one of the causes of the Pequot War of 1636–37.
Early life
Oldham was born in Derbyshire, England in 1592, and was baptized at the Church of All Saints (now Derby Cathedral) in Derby on July 15, 1592. He was a follower of the Puritans from an early age, and emigrated to Plymouth Colony with his sister in July 1623 aboard the Anne. His sister Lucretia Oldham Brewster was married to Jonathan Brewster, son of William Brewster, one of the signers of the Mayflower Compact.
Banishment from Plymouth Plantation
Oldham is proof that relations were not always harmonious among the Pilgrims. Over half of those who sailed on the Mayflower had come for economic opportunity rather than religious motivations. In 1624, Rev. John Lyford came over to America and was welcomed at first, but soon Plymouth residents gravitated to him who did not share the Puritans' viewpoints. Lyford gave them encouragement and met with them in secret. Oldham was a supporter of Lyford, and the two of them stirred up dissension and trouble in Plymouth, according to the accounts of Pilgrim leader William Bradford.
Oldham and Lyford secretly wrote letters back to England disparaging and slandering the Pilgrims. Bradford intercepted some of these letters but did not mention it immediately to Oldham or Lyford. Oldham next refused to stand his scheduled watch (a communal duty expected of all the men) and began to be insolent to the Pilgrims' military advisor Miles Standish. He then drew his knife on Standish unprovoked, and angrily denounced him as a "beggarly rascal". Lyford and Oldham were put on trial for "plotting against them and disturbing their peace, both in respects of their civil and church state," and they were banished from Plymouth.
After Plymouth
Oldham recovered and prospered from coastal trade with colonists and with the Indians. He became a representative to the General Court of Massachusetts from 1632 to 1634, and was the overseer of shot and powder for Massachusetts Bay Colony.
As a trader, Captain Oldham sailed to Virginia and England, but by 1630 he was back in the Massachusetts Bay Colony. He took up residence on an island in the Charles River and was a member of the church at Watertown. He represented Watertown in the colony's first General Court or assembly in 1634. He continued in the Indian trade, sailing the coast from Maine to New Amsterdam.
In 1634, Oldham led a group of ten men (which included Captain Robert Seeley) along the Old Connecticut Path to establish Wethersfield, Connecticut, the first English settlement on the Connecticut River.
Death
On July 20, 1636, he was on a voyage to trade with Indians on Block Island. His ship was boarded by American Indians, probably Narragansetts. He and five of his crew were killed, and his two young nephews were captured. The ship's cargo was looted. A fishing vessel rescued the nephews and tried to tow his sloop to port, but adverse winds affected them. They scuttled the ship but brought home the two boys.
The Narragansetts convinced the colonists that the Pequot people were responsible for killing John Oldham. Oldham was known for his difficult ways and may have provoked the fight that killed him, but ministers across Massachusetts condemned the murders. Massachusetts Governor John Endecott was ordered to retaliate. The Bay Colony was outraged at this latest incident, and sent John Endicott to Block Island.
In fiction
Oldham appears in the 1632 Series Alternate history anthology collection 1637: The Coast of Chaos as a minor antagonist. Time travelers seeking to prevent the Pequot War (which they view as genocide) intercept the war party about to attack Oldham's ship and scare them away. An ungrateful Oldham contemplates killing them and stealing their airship before being cowed by their superior arms. He unsuccessfully rallies for the Pequots to be driven from their lands anyway, arguing that even if they didn't kill him, they did attack him.
References
External links
Pilgrim Hall Museum Web site
Plimoth Plantation Web site
1592 births
1636 deaths
American Puritans
New England Puritanism
People of colonial Massachusetts
People of colonial Connecticut
People from Derbyshire
Pequot War
Kingdom of England emigrants to Massachusetts Bay Colony
Teliran (, also Romanized as Telīrān) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 559, in 148 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Ari Gold is the debut album of American musician and singer Ari Gold.
Overview
Ari Gold was recorded from 1996 to 2000. Only a limited run was printed, without the backing of a major label. Billboard magazine wrote that the CD is "...steeped in sticky pop melodies, sing-along hooks, and butt-shakin' funk rhythms... solid radio-ready material. Gold is about to hit pay dirt!" The album is notable for directly referring to homosexual relationships. In "Write Me a Love Song", Gold sings about his lover asking him to write him a love song, one that speaks specifically to their love, the love between two men. The album includes the original version of "Wave of You" as well as "Home", a song that was originally written for Kevin Aviance. "Home" was included on the Human Rights Campaign's 2005 benefit album Love Rocks. Ari Gold won the 2002 Outmusic Award for Outstanding Debut Recording.
Track listing
"Should I Get Over You" [5:13]
"See Through Me" [4:00]
"Wave of You" [4:05]
"Write Me a Love Song" [4:17]
"Things I Need to Hear" [3:37]
"Don't Come for Me" [4:50]
"So Many Things" [4:36]
"Just a Little Love" [3:53]
"Home" [4:34]
"Give Me All Your Love" [6:27]
References
2001 debut albums
Ari Gold (musician) albums
Accona desert refers to a hilly area in the Siena province of Italy, within the municipality of Asciano [43°14'4.30"N; 11°33'37.48"E]. The term is often used to include the Biancana site of Le Fiorentine - Leonina [ 43°17'32.95”N; 11°26'54.07"E]. Despite its name, its climate is Mediterranean, with a hot, dry summer and almost 800 mm/y of rain (Csa Köppen climate classification).
A real desert has never existed here, unless "desert" was a way of describing severely eroded areas, more properly called "badlands", even if temporary ones.
Two main types of badlands can be found in the area of the Crete Senesi, the Valdorcia and the Volterra areas of Tuscany: Biancana (from Bianco, white, due to the light colour of the clay and of the saline efflorescence) and calanco (local name for a type of gully, a sort of ravine). Both are linked to gully erosion processes, the former intermingled mainly with subsurface erosion and the latter with mass movements. Biancanas can also be found in Basilicata and in Calabria. The calanco landscape is common all along the Apennines and in many parts of the Alps. Both calancos and biancanas were used as grazing ground, with an almost annual burning of the vegetation to remove brush and favour herbaceous cover more palatable for sheep, goats and cattle. Both practices were abandoned in the 1990s to favour measures to preserve biodiversity and geo forms under the EU Natura 2000 programme. Conservation has almost stopped erosion in both types of badlands and vegetation now covers the majority of the area that was once bare slopes. As there is a strong interrelationship between vegetation biodiversity and erosion/deposition processes, biodiversity is also threatened and the biancana landscape is forecast to disappear entirely within 20–40 years as brush cover expands. Spots where the traditional forms can still be observed are scattered in the Crete Senesi and the Valdorcia, included within the quadrangle of vertices [43°16'10.58"N ; 11°15'59.30”E], [43°18'28.68”N; 11°39'4.92”E], [42°43'32.58”N; 11°42'22.98”E], [42°45'49.22”N; 11°58'41.90”E]. Leonina and Lucciola Bella [43° 2'4.85"N; 11°45'35.75"E] are two of the best sites for walking through the biancanas, while Chiusure - Monte Oliveto Maggiore (i.e., the ancient Accona) and Radicofani [42°55'8.14"N; 11°44'38.82"E] host the most impressive calancos.
History
Archaeological maps of Siena province show that the Crete Senesi area was inhabited in Etruscan and Roman times. Almost every slope contains remnants of that period. The periods of the Barbarian invasions, the Gothic wars and the Justinian plague caused a demographic decline which reduced the anthropic impact on the environment and favoured the natural reforestation of the area. Nevertheless, in the seventh century Asciano was already a Curtis Regia, hence a village with a territory where agriculture and animal husbandry coexisted with hunting reserves used by the Lombard lords. In the tenth century documents show Leonina too as Curtis. Other rudimentary documentation testifies to the existence of a settlement in Leonina. At the time of the Black Death, (1348 with several returns of the plague in the following 60–70 years ) Leonina's population halved from more than 150–160 to about 60 at the beginning of 1400. This fate was common to Siena, Asciano and the whole territory of the Sienese Republic: Siena's population fell from about 50,000 before the Black Death to 14–16,000 in 1400-1450 (Ginatempo, 1990) and returned to pre-plague levels only at the end of the twentieth century.
Asciano, with its surroundings, was a major town in the Sienese territory for a long time and contributed to the Republic's economy in a substantial way, gaining Sienese citizenship in 1369.
A few kilometers south of Asciano the small town of Chiusure grew around the seventh century church of Sant'Angelo in Luco, even though the hill on which the village is located would have been threatened by the approach of the heads of large (and deep) gully systems retreating upslope. It had an economy mainly based on agriculture and animal husbandry. Chiusure's importance is due mainly to its proximity to Accona about 1 km away. The members of three leading Sienese families (Tolomei, Patrizi, and Piccolomini) founded in 1313 what became the Benedictine monastery of Monte Oliveto Maggiore (1320-1344) on the site of the Tolomei's Accona podere (farm). Pope Pius II (Enea Piccolomini) visited the monastery during his papacy (1458-1464) and described the area as rich in olive trees, fruit trees, almonds, vines, orchards, small cypress woods, oaks and junipers. Furthermore, Pius II added, there was water: a perennial spring, wells, tanks, cisterns.
From this time until 1796 the monastery played a leadership role in the spheres of economy and spirituality. The area has churches, monasteries and farms. Then, under French rule from 1797 all the Church possessions were confiscated and sold. Only after the Restoration did the Olivetan Benedictines recover the Monastery of Monte Oliveto and slowly resume their role as local leaders.
Anthropic influence
The Crete Senesi lie over Plio-Pleistocene silty-clay over consolidated marine deposits rich in sodium. Deep, narrow cracks (joints;) cut the deposits to about 10m from the surface, favouring localized water infiltration and the excavation of subterranean tunnels. In natural, unstressed conditions, soils can develop as deep as 1.5 m, with removal of sodium by the leaching action of infiltration water. The present situation is characterized by the presence of eroded or poorly developed soils especially in the badlands. Intense animal activities (trampling, overgrazing) and anthropic activities (deforestation, tillage operations, exposure of bare soil surface to weather agents on excessively sloping grounds) favour surface soil erosion, causing small rivulets, rills and gullies. The rate of soil erosion varies from zero to 1–2 mm of soil removed yearly. If gullies are excavated by concentrating overland flow, erosion values in a field can attain 2–4 mm of soil loss in a single rain event. Excessive animal grazing facilitates gully erosion, soil slips and mass movements. Cropland management requires tillage (deep ploughing, seed bed preparation) and sometimes large earth movements. All these activities cause a net movement of soil from the upslope side of the field to the downslope side. Soil in the upslope side of the field is lost at rates between 1 and 4 cm yearly. For medieval tilling techniques, the estimated erosion rate would have been around 2 cm/year. Considering an alternation of years with and without ploughing then 300 years would have been enough to expose the subsoil still rich in sodium. Sodium gives dispersive characteristics to the clay, making it very erodible, hence increasing the velocity of rain-induced erosion.
The first half of the fourteenth century was characterized by social unrest due to the transformation from farmers who owned their land to large land holdings with the property subdivided into poderi each managed by a farmer (mezzadro) and his family living on the fields in a crop sharing system. At the same time foreign armies (e.g. Henry VII's, mercenaries) passing through the Sienese territory interfered with normal activities in the countryside. Hence, erosion and floods are testified in several documents, and also in t
Lorenzetti's Buongoverno frescos (1340), that show biancanas, while severe floods are reported. Also the climate was characterized by droughts and extreme events that led to a shortage of food in Italy and necessitated imports from abroad. This forced Siena to invest a large part of its wealth in facing these difficulties, and divert funds from other priorities such as flood prevention.
In the second half of the fourteenth century the abrupt and large demographic decrease due to the plagues resulted in the farming population of small owners and mezzadri needng to manage twice as much livestock and land per capita. With no resources for maintenance, the only use for a severely eroded field was animal grazing. Hence, the eroded fields became irrecoverable. The lack of personnel persisted for about two centuries during which the eroded areas expanded, reaching a maximum in the nineteenth century.
This picture is substantially confirmed by soil denudation rates estimated using average erosion in the basin of the river Ombrone, which drains the area, and on the denudation rates of the two largest biancanas of the Leonina site and the gully in between.
Biancana badlands reclamation began at the end of the 19th century and ended during the second half of the twentieth century when bulldozers removed almost all the biancanas and some of the smallest calancos, encouraged by EU subsidies then available under the Common Agricultural Policy. Thus it can be said that damage mainly due to an epidemic (Black Death) was eventually solved by the EU-CAP of 1960–2000.
Accona Desert
The natural and social history of the Crete Senese does not leave much room, either temporal or spatial, for any physical desert. Nevertheless, there certainly were large areas that progressively became severely eroded and devoid of vegetation. The Accona podere when Bernardo Tolomei retired there in 1313 may have been in poor condition, certainly without any mezzadro. Hence, in all likelihood, the desert of Accona referred at first to the absence of farmers in Accona and/or the lack of strong spiritual leadership, a role that the Olivetans had filled. Later, between 1830 and 1850 when the badlands were at their maximum, the label "Accona desert" was adopted by scholars and learned persons to convey the feeling of desolation felt when in the midst of the biancana fields or the calanco gullies.
See also
Province of Siena
Badlands
References
Deserts of Italy
Geography of Tuscany
Landscape
Environmental history
Badlands
Dale Loves Sophie to Death (April 1981) is the debut novel of American author Robb Forman Dew. It won the 1982 National Book Award in the category First Novel.
It's a domestic story that takes places over the course of several weeks in the 1970s in Ohio and Massachusetts. The novel is notable for its realistic portrayal of children/adult relationships.
References
External links
"First Time's A Charmer: Dew's 'Dale'", Jonathan Yardley, The Washington Post, Saturday, October 25, 2008; Page C01
1981 novels
Novels set in Ohio
Novels set in Massachusetts
National Book Award-winning works
1981 debut novels
Lady Jane, known as Jenny, ( – 28 May 1839) was an orangutan kept in captivity in London Zoo between November 1837 and her death in May 1839. She was the first of her species at the Zoo and is remembered for her meeting with the naturalist Charles Darwin who compared her reactions to those of a human child. The experience reinforced Darwin's view that human beings were "created from animals". He wrote in his notebook that after meeting an animal like Jenny, no man could "boast of his proud preeminence".
Early life
Jenny arrived at London Zoo from Borneo in November 1837, after being sold by a returning sailor called Mr Moss for £150. She was three years old at the time and the first orangutan to be shown at the zoo, where she was placed in a heated giraffe house. She wore human clothing and learned to drink tea.
Meeting with Charles Darwin
On 28 March 1838, two years after returning from his world tour on the Beagle and more than 20 years before he presented his theory of evolution, Charles Darwin paid a visit to London Zoo and saw Jenny, which was the first time he had seen a non-human ape. In 1837, he had begun a series of notebooks in which he theorised about human evolution. He wrote to his sister about Jenny in 1838:
the keeper showed her an apple, but would not give it her, whereupon she threw herself on her back, kicked & cried, precisely like a naughty child.— She then looked very sulky & after two or three fits of pashion, the keeper said, "Jenny if you will stop bawling & be a good girl, I will give you the apple."— She certainly understood every word of this, &, though like a child, she had great work to stop whining, she at last succeeded, & then got the apple, with which she jumped into an arm chair & began eating it, with the most contented countenance imaginable.
Jenny's reaction reminded Darwin of the behaviour of children, and he noted that she showed facial expressions of "rage, sulkiness and despair". He made further visits to Jenny in September and October of that year and felt certain that she understood what he said. His notes also reveal that Jenny could obey instructions such as being asked to open a door, position herself ready for grooming and giving some things up. He noted her jealousy of others and that she had particularly bonded with two zookeepers.
When Darwin studied Jenny's response to looking at her own reflection in a mirror, he noted that she was "astonished beyond measure". Darwin wrote in his notes that Jenny "looked at it every way, sideways, & with most steady surprise. After some time stuck out lips, like kissing, to glass", "put hand behind glass at various distances, looked over it, rubbed front of glass, made faces at it", "examined whole glass", "look at it startled & seemed almost frightened, & evidently became cross because it could not understand puzzle", and "put body in all kinds of positions when approaching glass to examine it".
For Darwin, the visits to Jenny with her human-like emotions reinforced his view that human beings were "created from animals". He wrote in his notebook C:
Let man visit Ouranoutang in domestication, hear expressive whine, see its intelligence when spoken [to]; as if it understands every word said – see its affection. – to those it knew. – see its passion & rage, sulkiness, & very actions of despair; ... and then let him boast of his proud preeminence.
...Man in his arrogance thinks himself a great work, worthy the interposition of a deity. More humble and I believe true to consider him created from animals.
Death and legacy
Jenny died from an illness on 28 May 1839. Darwin's notes on Jenny are kept at the Darwin Archive at Cambridge University Library. There is no evidence that any of Jenny's skeleton or skin were preserved.
After Jenny's death, she was replaced by another female orangutan who, by tradition, was also named Jenny. The second Jenny was visited by Queen Victoria and Prince Albert.
The scene of Darwin entering Jenny's cage was re-created in the film Creation (2009), with Paul Bettany playing Darwin.
See also
List of individual apes
The Descent of Man, and Selection in Relation to Sex by Charles Darwin (1871)
The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals by Charles Darwin (1872)
References
External links
1830s animal births
1830s in London
1837 in England
1839 animal deaths
Charles Darwin
Individual animals in England
Individual orangutans
London Zoo
Year of birth uncertain
Robert George Siebecker (October 17, 1854February 12, 1922) was an American attorney and the 11th Chief Justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court. He served on the Wisconsin Supreme Court for the last 19 years of his life (1903–1922). Before being appointed to the Supreme Court, he served 13 years as a Wisconsin circuit court judge in central Wisconsin (Dane, Sauk, Columbia, and Marquette counties) and was a law partner of Robert M. "Fighting Bob" La Follette.
Early life and education
Siebecker was born in the town of Sumpter, in Sauk County, Wisconsin, the son of recent German American immigrants. He moved to Madison, Wisconsin, to attend a private academy in 1872. In 1874 he entered the University of Wisconsin, graduating in 1878. He then attended the University of Wisconsin Law School and graduated in 1880. While at the University, he met Josephine La Follette, whom he later marries. Josephine was the sister of future Wisconsin Congressman, Governor, and U.S. Senator Robert M. "Fighting Bob" La Follette.
Siebecker was admitted to the bar in 1879 and entered into a law partnership with La Follette. Within a few years, both men entered public office. La Follette was elected to Congress in 1884, and Siebecker was elected City Attorney for Madison in 1886.
Wisconsin Circuit Court
Siebecker was appointed Judge of the 9th Circuit of Wisconsin Courts by Governor William D. Hoard in January 1890. He ultimately served in that seat for 13 years, winning re-election without opposition in 1891 and 1897. At the time, the 9th Circuit was composed of Columbia, Dane, Marquette, and Sauk counties, with court proceedings held in Portage, Madison, Montello, and Baraboo, respectively.
Wisconsin Supreme Court
In April 1903, Judge Siebecker was elected to the Wisconsin Supreme Court for a term beginning January 1904, defeating William Ruger and J.G.M. Wittig. But before his term could start, just a few days after his April 1903 election, Justice Charles V. Bardeen died. Governor La Follette, Siebecker's brother-in-law and former law partner, appointed him to join the court early in the newly created vacancy. He was the 20th justice to serve on the Wisconsin Supreme Court, but the first to have been born in Wisconsin.
With the death of Chief Justice John B. Winslow in 1920, Siebecker became the 11th Chief Justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court. He remained in that office until his death in 1922.
Personal life and family
Siebecker married Josephine La Follette in 1879. They had four children together, although one child died young.
Siebecker died in his home in Madison, Wisconsin. He was eulogized by fellow Justice E. Ray Stevens, who said of him, "There is romance in the career of this boy from the farm who closed his life as the chief justice of this great court."
In addition to his judicial career, Justice Siebecker was a member and curator of the State Historical Society of Wisconsin.
References
External links
La Follette family
People from Sumpter, Wisconsin
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
University of Wisconsin Law School alumni
Chief Justices of the Wisconsin Supreme Court
Wisconsin state court judges
1854 births
1922 deaths
Scopula minuta is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found on Madagascar.
References
Moths described in 1900
minuta
Moths of Madagascar
Moths of Africa
Artyom Kisly (born April 28, 1989) is a Belarusian ice hockey player who is currently playing for HK Neman Grodno of the Belarusian Extraleague.
Kisly competed in the 2013 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Belarus men's national ice hockey team.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Belarusian ice hockey forwards
Sportspeople from Grodno
HK Neman Grodno players
Transcultural nursing is how professional nursing interacts with the concept of culture. Based in anthropology and nursing, it is supported by nursing theory, research, and practice. It is a specific cognitive specialty in nursing that focuses on global cultures and comparative cultural caring, health, and nursing phenomena. It was established in 1955 as a formal area of inquiry and practice. It is a body of knowledge that assists in providing culturally appropriate nursing care.
Description
According to Madeleine Leininger, the pioneer of transcultural nursing, it is a substantive area of study and practice that focuses on the comparative cultural values of caring, the beliefs and practices of individuals or groups of similar or different cultures. According to MEDLINE, transcultural nursing is an area of expertise in nursing that responds to the need for developing global perspective within nursing practice in a world of interdependent nations and people. As a discipline, it centers on combining international and transcultural content into the training of nurses. It includes learning cultural differences, nursing in other countries, international health issues, and international health organizations.
Goals
The goals of transcultural nursing is to give culturally congruent nursing care, and to provide culture specific and universal nursing care practices for the health and well-being of people or to aid them in facing adverse human conditions, illness or death in culturally meaningful ways.
Founder
As the initiator of and the leader in the field of transcultural nursing, Madeleine Leininger was the first professional nurse who finished a doctorate degree in anthropology. Leininger first taught a transcultural nursing course at the University of Colorado in 1966. In 1998, Leininger was honored as a Living Legend of the American Academy of Nursing. Leininger was the editor of the Journal of Transcultural Nursing, the official publication of the Transcultural Nursing Society, from 1989 to 1995. She authored books about the field of transcultural nursing.
History
Through Leininger, transcultural nursing started as a theory of diversity and universality of cultural care. Transcultural nursing was established from 1955 to 1975. In 1975, Leininger refined the specialty through the use of the "sunrise model" concept. It was further expanded from 1975 to 1983. Its international establishment as a field in nursing continued from 1983 to the present. After being formalized as a nursing course in 1966 at the University of Colorado, transcultural nursing programs and track programs were offered as masters and doctoral preparations during the early parts of the 1970s.
Transcultural nurses
Nurses who practice the discipline of transcultural nursing are called transcultural nurses. Transcultural nurses, in general, are nurses who act as specialists, generalists, and consultants in order to study the interrelationships of culturally constituted care from a nursing point of view. They are nurses who provide knowledgeable, competent, and safe care to people of diverse cultures to themselves and others.
Certification
Certification as a transcultural nurse is offered under a graduate study or track programs by the Transcultural Nursing Society since 1988.
Transcultural Nursing Society
The Transcultural Nursing Society is the official organization of transcultural nurses. Chartered in 1974, the society is the publisher of the Journal of Transcultral Nursing, a publication that had been in existence since 1989.
Publications
Apart from the Journal of Transcultural Nursing, other publications related to transcultural nursing include the Journal of Cultural Diversity (since 1994), and the Journal of Multicultural Nursing (since 1994, currently published as the Journal of Multicultural Nursing and Health: Official Journal of the Center for the Study of Multiculturalism and Health Care).
See also
Nursing credentials and certifications
Transcultural psychiatry
Men in nursing
References
External links
Transcultural Nursing Society
Madeleine Leininger's website
Nursing specialties
Anthropology
Yamil-Tamaui Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of East Sepik Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Kombikum
02. Gwarip
03. Bengrakum
04. Yaunjange
05. Suambukum
06. Kwimbu 1
07. Malba 1
08. Ulupu
09. Yalahine
10. Yamil 1
11. Waikakum 1
12. Waikakum 3
13. Saikisi 1
14. Dumbit
15. Yenigo
16. Mendiamin
References
Local-level governments of East Sepik Province
Bite-about is a very ruined pele tower or bastle house. It is situated in the parish of Eccles, between the villages of Fogo and Swinton to the south of Duns, Berwickshire, Scotland.
The building dates from the 16th century, and is still a property of the Trotter family. It received its unusual name during a besiegement by the English, whereby the inhabitants shared their rations a bite a time.
References
Houses completed in the 16th century
Towers completed in the 16th century
Peel towers in the Scottish Borders
Berwickshire
Ruined castles in the Scottish Borders
Raja Rao Birender Singh (20 February 1921 – 30 September 2009) was a King of erstwhile state of Haryana and an Indian politician. He served first as a minister in the state government of Punjab and then as Chief Minister of Haryana from 24 March 1967 - 2 November 1967, and also served as a minister in Punjab state, Haryana state and the Union cabinet. He also served as the second speaker (first male speaker) of Haryana state assembly in 1967. He coined an Indian political vocabulary Aya Ram, Gaya Ram to describe the practice of frequently floor-crossing by legislature.
Early life
Rao was born in 1921 and hails from Ahir Family of Rewari, Punjab Province (British India), [now Haryana] in British India. He was adopted by Yaduvanshi Ahir personality (King of Rewari state), Rao Balbir Singh. His family is directly descended from Raja Rao Tularam Singh.
Career
East Punjab
The years that Birendra Singh spent at St. Stephen's college were the early years of India's independence. The college was situated in New Delhi, the very hub of political activity, and Birendra Singh was drawn to politics by the environment. The first elections in free India were held in 1952 and Birendra Singh contested as an independent candidate from his native Ahirwal region, of which the city of Rewari is the urban center. He lost that election because there were many twists and turns of the politics in the Ahirwal region.
Birendra Singh then joined the Congress Party. Rather than contest elections to the State Legislative Assembly, he got nominated to the State Legislative Council, which is the upper house of the state legislature. His clipped accent and very progressive views were admired by Nehru and many. His royal background and leadership skills helped Nehru in dealing with more recalcitrant royals from the princely states. Thus, Birendra Singh became a member of the State Legislature of the Indian state of undivided Punjab, known informally as East Punjab, without winning an election. He would serve as a nominated member for two successive terms (a total of 12 years) until 1966. During these years, he was made a minister in the Pratap Singh Kairon government and held charge, at various times, of several important ministries like PWD, Irrigation, Power, Revenue and Consolidation, etc.
Creation of Haryana
When India became independent in 1947, the old province of Punjab was partitioned and East Punjab was retained by India. Several Princely states located on the plains of East Punjab were merged to create the state of PEPSU. Several other princely states in the hills of East Punjab were similarly merged to create the Chief Commissioners' Province of Himachal. The portion which had been directly ruled by the British (rather than by the Maharajas of various princely states) became a third, separate state and received the name Punjab. The Ahirwal region and Rewari lay within this state of Punjab (India), and Birendra Singh was a minister in this state. In the period 1956–66, the three political entities described above were merged and de-merged so that finally, in 1966, the political map of the region as it stands today emerged.
The final step in this process of re-organization was the separation of the Hindi-speaking areas of Punjab into the new state of Haryana, and the creation of the Union Territory of Chandigarh to serve as the common capital of both states. This was accomplished after some acrimony and political maneuvering. Rao Birendra Singh played a prominent role in this process of division. He did so because Ahirwal/Rewari was a Hindi-speaking area in the near vicinity of Delhi and he felt that the Hindi-speaking people of undivided Punjab were not getting their just due in the political dispensation. Therefore, beginning 1962, he spearheaded the campaign for division and achieved success when the state of Haryana was born in November 1966.
Defection from Congress
After the formation of Haryana in November 1966, Bhagwat Dayal Sharma became Haryana's first Chief Minister, and Birendra Singh was elected the first speaker of the Haryana assembly which was a spin-off from the Punjab Assembly. The first-ever poll to Haryana Vidhan Sabha was held in March 1967. Birender Singh was elected a member of the Haryana Legislative Assembly from the Pataudi assembly constituency as Congress Party's candidate. However, he established the Vishal Haryana Party immediately by defecting from Congress with many MLAs. He was appointed Chief Minister of Haryana on 24March 1967, replacing Bhagwat Dayal Sharma with his newly formed VHP assuming power.
But the assembly was dissolved, and Haryana placed under President's rule, in November 1967. Congress won the Vidhan Sabha election in 1968 and Bansi Lal became Chief Minister. Birender Singh's VHP came creditable second to Congress in the election.
He was elected to the 5th Lok Sabha in 1971 from the Mahendragarh on the Vishal Haryana Party ticket.
Later career
In September 1978 he merged this party with the Congress. In 1980, he was re-elected to the 7th Lok Sabha and he played a prominent role in the formation of the Congress Government in the centre. He served in Ninth Cabinet of India as Cabinet Minister of Agriculture (India), Food, Rural development, Irrigation, and Civil supply. In 1984, he was re-elected to the 8th Lok Sabha from Mahendragarh (Lok Sabha constituency) and became a part of the 10th ministry of India under prime minister Rajiv Gandhi. He later resigned from both the Congress party and the Lok Sabha in 1989 on the issue of Bofors scandal. He joined Janata Dal and was elected to 9th Loksabha in 1989, and became Cabinet minister in the Chander Shekhar's Govt. He left active politics after 1996. Rao Birender Singh died on 30 September 2009 in the age of 89.
Army career
Rao Birender Singh also enrolled in the Territorial Army during the Second World War.
In 1947, he resigned from the Army as a Captain. He came to Rampura and took all the movable and immovable property of Rao Balbir Singh in his possession.
In the batch of 1949–50, he was selected for Indian Police Service but he did not join that service.
Again in 1950 to 1951, he joined the Territorial Army as a Commissioned Officer.
Contribution to Rewari
By his efforts, Rewari was made a separate district in 1989. The ruling government was of Chaudhary Om Prakash Chautala who was the Chief Minister
Education and welfare of Ahirwal areas
Apart from his political service to the Nation Rao Birender Singh also served the backward areas of Ahirwal by establishing many educational institutions like Ahir College Rewari, RBS School-Rewari, Rao Tularam School- Rewari, Rao Tularam Technical College- Delhi. He is the founder of RBS College of Education- Rampura, Rewari.
Death
He died of cardiac arrest in Gurgaon on 30 September 2009.
See also
List of Rao rulers of Rewari
References
External Notes
Dr. Ravindra Singh Yadav & Vijaypal, 1857 ki kranti k purodha: Rao Raja Tularam, 2013, Punit Publication Jaipur,
Krantidoot Rao Raja Tularam, 1999, Engg. Anil Yadav, Sarita Book House, Delhi.
1921 births
2009 deaths
India MPs 1971–1977
India MPs 1980–1984
India MPs 1984–1989
India MPs 1989–1991
Chief Ministers of Haryana
Haryana MLAs 1968–1972
Speakers of the Haryana Legislative Assembly
Lok Sabha members from Haryana
People from Rewari district
Leaders of the Opposition in Haryana
Agriculture Ministers of India
Indian National Congress politicians
Janata Dal politicians
Vishal Haryana Party politicians
Tommy Tickler (30 September 1852 – 19 January 1938) was an English businessman and Conservative Party politician from Grimsby in Lincolnshire.
Life
Tickler was the son of George Tickler, a miller from Withern in Lincolnshire . He established his own fruit growers and preservers business, serving as Managing Director (MD) of T.G. Tickler Ltd, which operated from Grimsby and Southall, and was also MD of Heathcote Pottery Ltd of Swadlincote in Derbyshire. He was a Justice of the Peace (J.P) in Grimsby, and for fifteen years he was a member of Grimsby Town Council, serving as Mayor in 1907.
Tickler was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Great Grimsby at a by-election in May 1914 following the death of the Conservative MP Sir George Doughty.
Doughty had held the seat for almost 20 years, with a short break in 1910.
Family
In 1878 he married his childhood companion, Frances Wells, second daughter of W. T. Wells, of The Hall, Withern. All five of his sons served in the British army and survived the First World War.
Ticklers jam
From a small grocery business established in 1877, Tickler soon ran one of the largest factories in Grimsby, producing jam and marmalade. ‘Ticklers Fruit Growers & Preservers' was taken over in the late 1950s.
At the outbreak of World War I, Ticklers secured a contract with the government to supply front lines with plum-and-apple jam —– a contract worth £1m between 1914 and 1918. Its empty jam tins were used as makeshift grenades referred to as ‘Ticklers artillery'.
In popular culture
A song about Tickler's Jam was popular with British troops in the trenches, and is nostalgically sung by Robert Graves in one interview. The song went:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1gl6dHuAzQ
References
External links
1852 births
1938 deaths
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1910–1918
UK MPs 1918–1922
Mayors of Grimsby
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Great Grimsby
English justices of the peace
The 1999 Senior PGA Tour was the 20th season since the Senior PGA Tour, now known as PGA Tour Champions, officially began in 1980. The season consisted of 38 official money events with purses totalling $48,900,000, including four majors. Bruce Fleisher won the most tournaments, seven. The tournament results, leaders, and award winners are listed below.
Tournament results
The following table shows all the official money events for the 1999 season. "Date" is the ending date of the tournament. The numbers in parentheses after the winners' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event. Senior majors are shown in bold. Golfers winning on their Senior PGA Tour debut are shown in italics.
Source:
Leaders
Scoring Average leaders
Source:
Money List leaders
Source:
Career Money List leaders
Source:
Awards
See also
Champions Tour awards
Champions Tour records
References
External links
PGA Tour Champions official site
PGA Tour Champions seasons
Senior PGA Tour
Historisch-kritisches Wörterbuch des Marxismus (HKWM) (in English: Historical-Critical Dictionary of Marxism) is a major international German-language encyclopedia of Marxism. It is published by the Berlin Institute of Critical Theory (InkriT), Germany. The editor-in-chief is Wolfgang Fritz Haug. The work is planned to be published in 15 volumes. The first volume was published in 1994; in 2015 was vol. 8/II published and in March 2018 Band 9/I is to be published. The work is also available in electronic form and each article may be ordered separately as a pdf-file for immediately delivery.
Publishing plan
Vol. 1: Abbau des Staates – Avantgarde (1994)
Vol. 2: Bank – Dummheit in der Musik (1995)
Vol. 3: Ebene – Extremismus (1997)
Vol. 4: Fabel – Gegenmacht (1999)
Vol. 5: Gegenöffentlichkeit – Hegemonialapparat (2001)
Vol. 6/I: Hegemonie – Imperialismus (2004)
Vol. 6/II: Imperium – Justiz (2004)
Vol. 7/I: Kaderpartei – Klonen (2008)
Vol. 7/II: Knechtschaft – Krise des Marxismus (2010)
Vol. 8/I: Krisentheorie – Linie Luxemburg/Gramsci (2012)
Vol. 8/II: links/rechts – Maschinenstürmer (2015)
Vol. 9/I: Maschinerie bis Mitbestimmung (March 2018)
Vol. 9/II: Mitleid – naturwüchsig
Band 10: Negation der Negation – Phantasie
Band 11: Philosophie – Regulationsthoerie
Band 12: Reichtum – Sorelismus
Band 13: Sowjet – Text
Band 14: Theater – verstehen/erklären
Band 15: Versuch – Zynismus
See also
Critical theory
External links
English entries: https://web.archive.org/web/20120425225853/http://www.inkrit.org/hkwm-int/index-EN.htm
Marxist theory
Critical theory
German encyclopedias
German-language encyclopedias
Encyclopedias of philosophy
Specialized encyclopedias
E4 Extra is a British free-to-air television channel owned and operated by Channel Four Television Corporation, launched on 29 June 2022. It is a sibling channel to E4 and replaced 4Music, with 4Music in turn replacing Box Hits which has shut down. It shows comedy and entertainment programming, with music programming airing in the mornings.
Idents for the new channel have been directed by Michael Marczewski, where various everyday events develop unexpectedly, such as 'most dangerous interdimensional monster' being entered alongside a village fete's massive vegetable competition.
Programming
8 Out of 10 Cats
8 Out of 10 Cats Does Countdown
Batwoman
The Big Bang Theory
Black-ish
Catastrophe
Charmed
Couples Come Dine with Me
Derry Girls
Don't Tell the Bride (UK and Irish versions)
Fresh Off the Boat
Friday Night Dinner
The Goldbergs
The Great British Bake Off
How I Met Your Mother
The Inbetweeners
The IT Crowd
Kitchen Nightmares (US version)
Legendary
Malcolm in the Middle
Man Down
Melissa and Joey
Ninja Warrior (UK reversion, previously on Challenge)
Rude Tube
Sabrina the Teenage Witch
Scrubs
Stath Lets Flats
Taskmaster (UK version)
Travel Man
Undercover Boss (US version)
Wipeout (US version)
Broadcast Hours
As with the first version of 4Music, E4 Extra programmes air from 7am to 3am every day with 4 hours teleshopping. Music airs from 7am to 9am daily with general entertainment programming airing 09:00-03:00
References
External links
Channel 4 television channels
Television channels in the United Kingdom
Television channels and stations established in 2022
2022 establishments in the United Kingdom
Olivier Giacomotto (born 2 February 1976 in Bordeaux, France) is a French electronic music producer and disc jockey (DJ), also known as Superskank, Ohmme, or OG.
Born in Bordeaux, France, he started his career in 1999, first entering the world of production by working in recording studios, where he learned the use of samplers, mixing desks, effects, computers and music software. From Blues Café studio in Paris to Townhouse Studios in London, Olivier worked with Robert Suhas, Magnus Fiennes, Guy Pratt, Yohad Nevo, Pete Lewis, John Themis, Bond, Lyrics, and various other bands, producers, studio musicians and sound engineers.
After moving back to Bordeaux, he programmed break-beat, drum'n'bass, triphop, hip-hop, lounge, and ambient in electronic projects like Shagshag, Dubweisers or Uprock Massive. During the year 2002 with Shagshag, he won a remix contest organized by News and had his first vinyl release: Plastyc Buddha - Rhodes Royce (Shagshag Remix)
Giacomotto progressively found his path into electronic dance music and its sub-genres like techno, electro, house, tech-house, and deep house. He released his work on independent labels such as Definitive Recordings, Plus 8, Toolroom, and 1605. Meanwhile, he continued to perform around the world as DJ: his mixing sessions can be described as sexy, funky, punchy and groovy.
Since 2006, thanks to the success of his productions and remixes such as "Volta", "Gail In The O", "Guacamoli", and "I'll Be OK", his name has regularly appeared in the "Top 10" charts of Beatport, the biggest online music store specializing in electronic dance music. The multinational developer and publisher, Rockstar Games, licensed four of his tracks for the top-selling video game, Midnight Club Los Angeles: "Wasabi On Top", "Good", "Sofa King", and "Too Cool For Skool". He also produced for pop and reggae artists Terry Lynn and Tom Frager. One of his productions for Terry Lynn titled "Stone" was licensed for the soundtrack of Hollywood box office hit Date Night with Steve Carell, Tina Fey, and Mark Wahlberg. "Give Me That Love", co-produced with Tom Frager on Universal, charted for 2 weeks in the French "Top 50", with thousands of singles and albums sold.
He currently co-runs the independent label Definitive Recordings with John Acquaviva, and works on various kinds of music projects around the world.
Notes
References
http://www.beatport.com/artist/olivier-giacomotto/9368.
Plastyc Buddha - Rhods Royce (Shagshag Remix)
Manuel De La Mare's Remix for Ian Round - Dancing
External links
Definitive Website
Olivier Giacomotto Music on Beatport
Giacomotto Dj Mixes on Sceen.FM
1976 births
French electronic musicians
Living people
Musicians from Bordeaux
Arvind Gupta (born 1961) is an Indo-Canadian computer scientist who was the 13th President of the University of British Columbia (UBC) and the former CEO of Mitacs Canada.
Early life and education
Gupta was born in Jalandhar in the Indian state of Punjab. Both his parents were academics. His mother was one of the first women to teach mathematics at a college in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Gupta lived in India and spoke Punjabi for his first five years until his family moved to Detroit where his father, a chemistry professor, had started a fellowship at Wayne State University. He then learned to speak English. Within two years, they moved to Timmins, Ontario after his father earned a job as a pollution chemist with a mining company.
He obtained a bachelor's degree in mathematics at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario before earning a master's and a PhD at the University of Toronto, under the supervision of Stephen Cook and Alasdair Urquhart. His family knew some of the victims killed in the 1985 bombing of Air India Flight 182.
Academia
Gupta spent 18 years in the School of Computing Science at Simon Fraser University before being recruited by UBC in 2009 as a professor of computer science. In 2012, he joined the federal government's Science, Technology and Innovation Council.
From 2000 until his appointment as President of UBC in 2014, Gupta served as CEO and scientific director of Mitacs Canada, a national non-profit that worked with government and industry to fund student researchers.
In his inauguration, Gupta committed to increasing UBC's focus on research. Gupta resigned abruptly from his position as President of UBC on August 7, 2015, after 13 months of service. The reasons for his resignation were not revealed and caused some public controversies.
In October 2015, the University of Toronto announced Gupta's joining them as a distinguished visiting professor for one academic year.
References
1961 births
Living people
Canadian university and college chief executives
Canadian computer scientists
Indian emigrants to Canada
McMaster University alumni
Scientists from Vancouver
Presidents of the University of British Columbia
Simon Fraser University faculty
University of Toronto alumni
University of British Columbia faculty
Henk Duut (born 14 January 1964 in Rotterdam) is a retired Dutch footballer who played as a defender. Currently, he works as a coach at the Guangzhou Evergrande youth academy.
Playing career
Club
Duut started his football career at amateur side Transvalia ZW in his hometown Rotterdam before being scouted by Feyenoord. He made his professional debut on 13 March 1982 when Feyenoord won 1–2 in Eindhoven against PSV. For six seasons Duut was part of the Feyenoord squad and during the 1983–84 season he and his teammates won the double (Eredivisie and KNVB Cup). In December 1986, Feyenoord sent Duut on loan to Fortuna Sittard where he finished the season, after which Fortuna Sittard decided to sign Duut and he played another five years for the club based in Limburg.
International
Duut was a member of the Dutch team at the 1983 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Managerial career
On 29 April 1992, Duut was said to retire from professional football due to a cerebral hemorrhage. Earlier that year, on 7 February, he played his last match with Fortuna Sittard against MVV. Duut stayed at Fortuna Sittard and from the start of the following season (1992–93) he became a youth coach at the club, with which he stayed until 1996 to become Bert van Marwijk's assistant. Van Marwijk left Fortuna Sittard in 2000 to become the manager at Feyenoord and Duut took over as a manager. However, after 13 matches without a win he was taken out of his position. Again he became a youth coach at the club, until February 2002 when he joined the Japan-based Omiya Ardija as their manager for a season. He then became Pim Verbeek's assistant manager at the Netherlands Antilles national football team. In June 2004, he re-joined Feyenoord Rotterdam when the newly appointed manager, Ruud Gullit, asked him to become his assistant. After Gullit left, Duut remained in his position when his replacement Erwin Koeman arrived. On 11 December 2007, Duut was named as an assistant coach for the Australian national team, the Socceroos. He again worked under the newly appointed head coach, Verbeek.
On 8 April 2010, Duut followed Verbeek to Morocco to become coach of their Olympic squad. The team qualified for the Olympic Games in London 2012. He was dismissed in 2013 and left for China in 2016 to become coach of the U-19's at Guangzhou Evergrande.
Managerial statistics
References
External links
Profile
1964 births
Living people
Footballers from Rotterdam
Association football defenders
Dutch footballers
Netherlands youth international footballers
Feyenoord players
Fortuna Sittard players
Eredivisie players
Dutch football managers
Omiya Ardija managers
Dutch expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Japan
J2 League managers
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Dutch expatriates in Australia
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Morocco
Dutch expatriates in China
Goraesan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. Its area extends across Gapyeong County and Yeoju County. Goraesan has an elevation of .
See also
List of mountains in Korea
Notes
References
Mountains of South Korea
Mountains of Gyeonggi Province
The Pandectists were German university legal scholars in the early 19th century who studied and taught Roman law as a model of what they called Konstruktionsjurisprudenz (conceptual jurisprudence) as codified in the Pandects of Justinian (Berman).
Beginning in the mid-19th century, the Pandectists were attacked in arguments by noted jurists Julius Hermann von Kirchmann and Rudolf von Jhering, who favored a modern approach of law as a practical means to an end (Weber).
In the United States, Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr. and other legal realists pushed for laws based on what judges and the courts actually did, rather than the historical and conceptual or academic law of Friedrich Carl von Savigny and the Pandectists (Rosenberg).
See also
Corpus Juris Civilis
Law of Germany
Civil code
Roman law
References
Law and Revolution: The Formation of the Western Legal Tradition Harold J. Berman, Harvard, 1983
On Charisma and Institution Building Max Weber, U. Chicago, 1968
The Hidden Holmes: His Theory of Torts in History David Rosenberg, Harvard, 1996
External links
Civil Law Codification in the German-Speaking States of Northern and Central Europe
The "Science" of Legal Science
p
Roman law
Legal history of Germany
Philosophy of law
Bhaiṣajyarāja (Skt: भैषज्यराज; Traditional Chinese: 藥王; Simplified Chinese: 药王; pinyin: yào wáng; Japanese: 薬王 Yakuō; Vietnamese: Dược Vương Bồ Tát), or Medicine King, is a bodhisattva mentioned within the Lotus Sutra and the Bhaiṣajyarāja-bhaiṣajyasamudgata-sūtra (; Sūtra Spoken by the Buddha on Visualizing the Two Bodhisattvas Bhaisajyarāja and Bhaisajyasamudgata). In chapter 23 of the Lotus Sutra (The Bodhisattva Bhaiṣajyarāja), the Buddha tells the story of the 'Medicine King' Bodhisattva, who, in a previous life, burnt his body as a supreme offering to a Buddha. He is said to have been reborn over a period of numerous lifetimes healing and curing diseases, and is a representation of the healing power of the Buddha.
Medicine King Bodhisattva is also found in The High King Avalokitesvara Sutra.
Together with Supreme Medicine Bodhisattva, Sunlight Radiance Bodhisattva, Moonlight Radiance Bodhisattva and the Twelve Great Yaksa Generals, he forms the retinue of Lapis-lazuli Medicine Buddha.
Notes
References
Suzuki, Takayasu (2014). The Compilers of the Bhaisajyarajapurvayoga-parivarta Who Did Not Know the Rigid Distinction between Stupa and Caitya in the Saddharmapundarika. Journal of Indian and Buddhist Studies 62 (3), 1185-1193
Yün-hua, Jan (1965). Buddhist Self-Immolation in Medieval China, History of Religions, 4 (2), 243-268
External links
SGI Library Online — The Soka Gakkai Dictionary of Buddhism
Bodhisattvas
Bhaiṣajyaguru Buddha
Exorcism in Buddhism
Lotus Sutra
Scopula nepalensis is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Nepal.
References
Moths described in 1982
nepalensis
Moths of Asia
The Battle of Agrigentum was fought in 456 A.D. at Agrigentum, now Agrigento in modern-day Sicily. An army of the Western Roman Empire, led by the general Ricimer, drove off an invading force, a fleet of sixty ships, sent by the Vandal king Gaiseric to raid Sicily. Ricimer then led the Roman fleet against the Vandals and defeated them in a naval battle off the coast of Corsica. The victory gave the Romans only temporary relief from Vandal raids.
Prelude
The Vandals led by their king Gaiseric (sometimes spelled Genseric) had earlier conquered North Africa after passing through Spain, frequently raided prosperous cities or areas of the European coast and sacked Rome in 455 AD. In spring or early summer of 456 AD, Ricimer led an army and navy of Romans, auxiliaries, and Germanic foederati to Sicily with the intention of repelling a known or suspected forthcoming Vandal attack.
Battle
The Vandals initially forced the Romans onto the defensive in a partly forested battlefield. They were unable to break Ricimer's troops and after a hard fought battle, the Romans drove off the Vandal force. The Vandals who survived the battle boarded their ships which sailed north toward Corsica. Ricimer followed the Vandals and defeated them in a naval battle off the coast of Corsica.
Aftermath
Ricimer returned home to Italy where he and the generals Majorian and Aegidius, seized power from the Western Roman emperor, Avitus. They proclaimed Majorian, who was a full blooded Roman, emperor.
Agrigentum 456
Agrigentum 456
Agrigentum 456
Ancient Sicily
Agrigentum
Vandal Kingdom
Tour Hekla is a 220-meter (722 ft), 48-story skyscraper currently under construction in Puteaux, in the La Défense district of Paris, in France. It was designed by French architect Jean Nouvel. The building received its building permit in June 2016. Construction began in May 2018 for a delivery scheduled for early 2022. When completed, it will be the second-tallest building in France, only surpassed in height by the Tour First, the tallest tower in the La Défense district. The cost of the project is estimated to be 248 million euros.
References
External links
Official website
Skyscrapers in France
Buildings and structures under construction in France
La Défense
Ali Madi (born 21 May 1976) is a Tunisian handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1976 births
Living people
Tunisian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Tunisia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Friends for Schuur is a 2000 album by Diane Schuur, featuring duets with Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder. It was Schuur's debut album for Concord Records.
Track listing
"Easy Living" (Ralph Rainger, Leo Robin) – 4:26
"I'd Fly" (Riccardo Cocciante, Jean Paul Drean, Roxanne Seeman) – 5:07
"For the First Time" (Gerry Goffin, Ken Hirsch) – 4:44
"It Might Be You" (Alan Bergman, Marilyn Bergman, Dave Grusin) – 4:58
"Love Like Ours" (A. Bergman, M. Bergman, Grusin) – 4:20
"Red Cab to Manhattan" (Steven Bishop) – 6:01
"The Heart Never Learns" (Jorge Casas, Lawrence Dermer) – 4:19
"Never Take That Chance Again" (Burt Bacharach, Tonio K) – 4:41
"It Had to Be You" (Isham Jones, Gus Kahn) – 5:29
"I Just Called to Say I Love You" (Stevie Wonder) – 4:35
"Finally" (Stephanie Andrews, Wonder) – 6:55
Personnel
Performance
Diane Schuur - vocals, piano
References
2000 albums
Diane Schuur albums
Concord Records albums
Prince Januarius Maria Immaculata Louis of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, Count of Caltagirone (Italian: Gennaro Maria Immacolata Luigi, Principe di Borbone delle Due Sicilie, Conte di Caltagirone) (28 February 1857 – 13 August 1867) was the twelfth and youngest child of Ferdinand II of the Two Sicilies and his wife Maria Theresa of Austria. Januarius was a member of the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies. The prince was named for Saint Januarius (), patron saint of Naples.
Life
Januarius was born in the Caserta Palace, two years before the death of his father Ferdinand II, the penultimate King of the Two Sicilies. At the time of the Prince's birth, Ferdinand was already ill and too weak to play with his youngest son as he had done with his previous eleven children. The young Prince would never know of the carefree experience of growing up in the opulence of the Neapolitan court.
In 1860, the Royal Family of the Two Sicilies was driven from Naples and from the kingdom by Giuseppe Garibaldi and his Expedition of the Thousand. Garibaldi and his troops deprived Januarius and his family of their properties and wealth forcing the family and their descendants into a financially strained and nomadic existence. Pope Pius IX offered the family a residence at Quirinal Palace in Rome as gratitude for their loyalty.
In 1867, a cholera epidemic forced the population, or at least those who could, to leave the capital. Januarius's mother Maria Theresa took the children who still lived with her at Quirinal Palace and moved them over the Alban Hills to Albano Laziale. Despite his mother's efforts to spare her children from illness, the small Januarius contracted cholera. Januarius died almost immediately. Maria Theresa was also infected and died after atrocious suffering, having refused treatment from a doctor whom she considered to be "liberal."
Ancestry
References
1857 births
1867 deaths
People from Caserta
Princes of Bourbon-Two Sicilies
Counts of Caltagirone
Deaths from cholera
Burials at the Basilica of Santa Chiara
Royal reburials
Royalty and nobility who died as children
is a railway station in Yanai, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Yanai Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1897
Władysławów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Oilcan Harry's is the oldest operating LGBTQ+ bar in Austin, Texas, United States.
Description
In his 2022 overview of Austin's drag scene, Thrillist's James Wong said Oilcan Harry's "has a stellar lineup of drag shows every night of the week, and they couldn't be more diverse. Alternating Wednesdays at 9 pm see Latina Tatiana Cholula spicing up our lives with Divina, and the drag kings Boiz of Austin showing the lads how its done, while Saturday's Best Drag Show Ever is the ultimate party of queens competing for the title of Oilcan Harry's Next Top Drag Model Supreme."
History
The gay bar opened in 1990. The business halted operations temporarily in 2018.
Reception
In 2021, James Wong of Thrillist said, "Austin's oldest gay bar is by no means over the hill. Oilcan Harry's throws a party every night of the week, whether it's karaoke, drag king or queen shows, friendly competitions, bingo, or something totally off the wall. A huge hit with students and a fun-loving mixed crowd, this is a great place to make new friends in town."
See also
LGBT culture in Austin, Texas
References
External links
1990 establishments in Texas
Culture of Austin, Texas
LGBT drinking establishments in Texas
LGBT nightclubs in Texas
Elmhurst is a historic home located at Fredericksburg, Virginia. It was built in 1871, and is a two-story, three-bay, double-pile, "L"-plan, brick dwelling in the Italianate style. It is topped by a hipped roof over a low-pitched, pyramidal and shed roof with a large belvedere and eaves supported by large, elaborate brackets. It has a -story kitchen wing added in 1900 and a -story addition and porch built between 1912 and 1921.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Italianate architecture in Virginia
Houses completed in 1871
Houses in Fredericksburg, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Fredericksburg, Virginia
The steamboat Oakes Ames was built in 1868 by the Napoleon B Proctor Shipyard in Burlington, Vermont for the Rutland Railroad. The 244-foot paddle wheeler was designed to ferry railroad cars from Burlington across Lake Champlain to Plattsburgh, New York. She was named after one of the railroad's directors' Oakes Ames.
She successfully trialed on 19 August 1868 and her maiden excursion ran the next day to Willsboro Bay, Plattsburg. Mr. Ames went onward to Montreal for a review of the railroad's assets.
In 1874, the ship was renamed and repurposed for passenger service as the Champlain II.
The following year, on July 16, 1875, the ship was wrecked when it ran aground after drifting off course while being guided by a pilot under the influence of morphine. A salvage operation shortly afterwards removed much of the superstructure, leaving about a third of the wreck in place.
The site is now an archaeological site located in Lake Champlain near Westport in Essex County, New York. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
References
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Essex County, New York
Shipwrecks of New York (state)
Essex County, New York
Shipwrecks in lakes
Paddle steamers of the United States
Maritime incidents in July 1875
Bellas de noche (in English Beauties by Night), also known as Las ficheras, is a Mexican film directed by Miguel M. Delgado. It was filmed in 1975 and starring Sasha Montenegro and Jorge Rivero. It is regarded as the film that began the rise of Mexican sex comedies film genre as a largely mainstream genre in the Mexican Cinema for about a decade and a half; the term "fichera" coming to mean the entire genre.
Plot
The Boxer Germán Bronco Torres (Jorge Rivero) loses his license, and works as bouncer at the cabaret El Pirulí (The Lollipop), where he falls for the fichera Carmen (Sasha Montenegro), and befriends the pimp Margarito Fuensanta 'El Vaselinas' (Eduardo de la Peña), who lost a bet and has to pay it to some gangsters. For 500 pesos for 'El Vaselinas', 'Bronco' prepares a trap in the cabaret to the taxi driver Raul (Enrique Novi), to seduce his girlfriend, not knowing that the victim is his own sister Lupita (Leticia Perdigón). When he discovers the situation, he hits the driver and send him to prison. Raúl sold his taxi so He can pay bail. El Vaselinas pretends to be dead in order to get rid of his creditors. The cabaret is closed and everybody begins a new life. In the adventures of these characters, appended the alcoholic woman known as La Corcholata (Carmen Salinas), a sympathetic woman trying to sneak to the cabaret, and the history of the owner of the cabaret, Don Atenógenes (Raúl 'Chato' Padilla), and his wife, the mistress of the brothel, Maria Teresa (Rosa Carmina).
Production
The film is an adaptation of the stage play by Francisco Cavazos Las ficheras. In 1975, the film packed the movie theaters in Mexico City for 26 weeks. It was a production of Cinematográfica Calderón and was directed by Miguel M. Delgado. The Mexican Government censorship prohibited the previous title of the film (Fichera is a derogatory way of calling a cabaret woman in Mexico). Therefore, as a "tribute" to Luis Buñuel, the screenwriter Victor Manuel Castro took the title of the film Belle de Jour.
Cast
Sasha Montenegro as Carmen
Jorge Rivero as Germán "Bronco" Torres
Rosa Carmina as María Teresa
Raúl 'Chato' Padilla as Don Atenógenes
Leticia Perdigón as Lupita
Carmen Salinas as La Corcholata
Enrique Novi as Raúl
Eduardo de la Peña as El Vaselinas
Mabel Luna as La Muñeca
Víctor Manuel Castro as Fabián
Rafael Inclán as El MovidAS
References
External links
Bellas de noche on FilmAffinity
Bellas de noche on IMCINE
1975 films
1970s sex comedy films
1970s Spanish-language films
Sexploitation films
Mexican sex comedy films
1975 comedy films
Films directed by Miguel M. Delgado
1970s Mexican films
The Commercial UAS Modernization Act () is a bill introduced in the 114th Congress by U.S. Senators Cory Booker (D-NJ) and John Hoeven (R-ND) that would create temporary guidelines for the use of unmanned aircraft systems (UAS or UAVs) and regulations for the commercial drone industry. Most commercial use of drones in the U.S. is currently banned by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA).
As of December 15, 2015, the bill is co-sponsored by Senators Heidi Heitkamp (D-ND), Mark Warner (D-VA), Ron Wyden (D-OR), and Jeff Merkley (D-OR).
Background
The FAA runs six drone test sites in the U.S. In May 2015, the FAA released a program called the Pathfinder Program, which would expand drone testing by allowing certain companies the right to experiment using drones out of the line of sight of the operator. CNN, BNSF Railway and PrecisionHawk, a drone startup company, were included in the initial approval for the program. The FAA plans to analyze the data collected from the experiments as part of a fact-finding process.
In February 2015, the FAA released a set of draft regulations that would allow drone operators to fly commercial UAVs during daylight, under 500 feet in the air, and within the line of sight of the operator.
Legislative details
S. 1314 would create an interim FAA rule that would allow for commercial use and testing of small drones. The bill's provisions would apply until the FAA finalizes its own drone regulations.
If passed into law, the bill would allow people to operate small drones without needing an airworthiness certificate from the FAA if they met the following conditions:
The operator submits proof of liability insurance to the FAA
The operator passes tests on aeronautics and drone usage proficiency
The operator demonstrates his or her ability to fly the drone within certain restrictions (time of day, visibility, air traffic control, operator health, preflight inspection, and airspace).
Additionally, the bill would create a new position within the FAA titled the Deputy Associate Administrator for Unmanned Aircraft. The FAA would establish a research and development data collection and analysis program at the William J. Hughes Technical Center, an FAA facility located near Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Support
Groups and companies that have publicly expressed support for the legislation include:
Amazon
Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International
DJI (a drone manufacturer)
Google
Information Technology and Innovation Foundation
National Association of Broadcasters
Small UAV Coalition
Senator Booker has said that the drone industry expects that finalization of the FAA drone regulations will create over 100,000 jobs in the United States and have an economic impact of $82 billion.
Opposition
See also
United States Department of Transportation
Unmanned aerial vehicle
References
External links
FAA Fact Sheet – Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS)
Office of NextGen (Federal Aviation Administration)
Press Release – DOT and FAA Propose New Rules for Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems. Federal Aviation Administration, 2/15/2015.
Congressional Record of S.1314 - Commercial UAS Modernization Act
Proposed legislation of the 114th United States Congress
The 65th Assembly District of Wisconsin is one of 99 districts in the Wisconsin State Assembly. Located in Southeastern Wisconsin, the district covers most of the city of Kenosha, Wisconsin, including downtown Kenosha and Kenosha Harbor and landmarks such as Civic Center Historic District and Library Park. The district is represented by Democrat Tod Ohnstad, since January 2013.
The 65th Assembly District is located within Wisconsin's 22nd Senate district, along with the 64th and 66th Assembly districts.
List of District Representatives
References
Wisconsin State Assembly districts
Kenosha County, Wisconsin
The q-Gaussian is a probability distribution arising from the maximization of the Tsallis entropy under appropriate constraints. It is one example of a Tsallis distribution. The q-Gaussian is a generalization of the Gaussian in the same way that Tsallis entropy is a generalization of standard Boltzmann–Gibbs entropy or Shannon entropy. The normal distribution is recovered as q → 1.
The q-Gaussian has been applied to problems in the fields of statistical mechanics, geology, anatomy, astronomy, economics, finance, and machine learning. The distribution is often favored for its heavy tails in comparison to the Gaussian for 1 < q < 3. For the q-Gaussian distribution is the PDF of a bounded random variable. This makes in biology and other domains the q-Gaussian distribution more suitable than Gaussian distribution to model the effect of external stochasticity. A generalized q-analog of the classical central limit theorem was proposed in 2008, in which the independence constraint for the i.i.d. variables is relaxed to an extent defined by the q parameter, with independence being recovered as q → 1. However, a proof of such a theorem is still lacking.
In the heavy tail regions, the distribution is equivalent to the Student's t-distribution with a direct mapping between q and the degrees of freedom. A practitioner using one of these distributions can therefore parameterize the same distribution in two different ways. The choice of the q-Gaussian form may arise if the system is non-extensive, or if there is lack of a connection to small samples sizes.
Characterization
Probability density function
The q-Gaussian has the probability density function
where
is the q-exponential and the normalization factor is given by
Note that for the q-Gaussian distribution is the PDF of a bounded random variable.
Entropy
Just as the normal distribution is the maximum information entropy distribution for fixed values of the first moment and second moment (with the fixed zeroth moment corresponding to the normalization condition), the q-Gaussian distribution is the maximum Tsallis entropy distribution for fixed values of these three moments.
Related distributions
Student's t-distribution
While it can be justified by an interesting alternative form of entropy, statistically it is a scaled reparametrization of the Student's t-distribution introduced by W. Gosset in 1908 to describe small-sample statistics. In Gosset's original presentation the degrees of freedom parameter ν was constrained to be a positive integer related to the sample size, but it is readily observed that Gosset's density function is valid for all real values of ν. The scaled reparametrization introduces the alternative parameters q and β which are related to ν.
Given a Student's t-distribution with ν degrees of freedom, the equivalent q-Gaussian has
with inverse
Whenever , the function is simply a scaled version of Student's t-distribution.
It is sometimes argued that the distribution is a generalization of Student's t-distribution to negative and or non-integer degrees of freedom. However, the theory of Student's t-distribution extends trivially to all real degrees of freedom, where the support of the distribution is now compact rather than infinite in the case of ν < 0.
Three-parameter version
As with many distributions centered on zero, the q-Gaussian can be trivially extended to include a location parameter μ. The density then becomes defined by
Generating random deviates
The Box–Muller transform has been generalized to allow random sampling from q-Gaussians. The standard Box–Muller technique generates pairs of independent normally distributed variables from equations of the following form.
The generalized Box–Muller technique can generate pairs of q-Gaussian deviates that are not independent. In practice, only a single deviate will be generated from a pair of uniformly distributed variables. The following formula will generate deviates from a q-Gaussian with specified parameter q and
where is the q-logarithm and
These deviates can be transformed to generate deviates from an arbitrary q-Gaussian by
Applications
Physics
It has been shown that the momentum distribution of cold atoms in dissipative optical lattices is a q-Gaussian.
The q-Gaussian distribution is also obtained as the asymptotic probability density function of the position of the unidimensional motion of a mass subject to two forces: a deterministic force of the type (determining an infinite potential well) and a stochastic white noise force , where is a white noise. Note that in the overdamped/small mass approximation the above-mentioned convergence fails for , as recently shown.
Finance
Financial return distributions in the New York Stock Exchange, NASDAQ and elsewhere have been interpreted as q-Gaussians.
See also
Constantino Tsallis
Tsallis statistics
Tsallis entropy
Tsallis distribution
q-exponential distribution
Q-Gaussian process
Notes
Further reading
Juniper, J. (2007) , Centre of Full Employment and Equity, The University of Newcastle, Australia
External links
Tsallis Statistics, Statistical Mechanics for Non-extensive Systems and Long-Range Interactions
Statistical mechanics
Continuous distributions
Probability distributions with non-finite variance
Men's Downhill World Cup 1992/1993
Final point standings
In Men's Downhill World Cup 1992/93 all results count. Franz Heinzer won his third Downhill title in a row.
References
fis-ski.com
External links
World Cup
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup men's downhill discipline titles
Myaung may refer to several places in Burma:
Myaung -town in Sagaing Region
Myaung Township-township in Sagaing Region
Myaung, Okpho
Kilmister is a surname of English origin. People with that surname include:
Clive W. Kilmister (19242010), British mathematician who specialised in the mathematical foundations of physics
Ian Fraser Kilmister (better known as Lemmy, 19452015), English bass-player, singer, and songwriter who founded and fronted the rock band Motörhead
Wally Kilmister (190873), New Zealand speedway rider
See also
Zingerman's, or Zingerman's Community of Businesses, is a gourmet food business group headquartered in Ann Arbor, Michigan. The original business and current flagship operation is Zingerman's Delicatessen.
Starting from the original deli, Zingerman's Community of Businesses (ZCoB) has expanded to nine Ann Arbor based businesses with over 500 total employees. Each business has shared ownership between original founders Paul Saginaw and Ari Weinzweig, and the managing partners who started each business. Each business has its own organizational structure but they carry out the same standards and commit to the company's values.
History
Zingerman's Delicatessen was founded in 1982, by Paul Saginaw and Ari Weinzweig, and began serving non-kosher traditional Ashkenazi Jewish delicatessen dishes and sandwiches. The Deli was originally to be named Greenberg's Delicatessen after a regular customer at Saginaw's fish market, but another business that had that name objected.
In the early 1990s, the co-founding partners generated a plan for their company to 2009, which called for 15 individual businesses generating $20 million in revenue.
In 1997, Monahan sold his share of the company to Saginaw to focus on his original business venture, Monahan's Seafood Market. As Zingerman's grew, it expanded its offerings to imported gourmet foods, making its own bread at Zingerman's Bakehouse and creating dairy products at Zingerman's Creamery. It opened a second restaurant, Zingerman's Roadhouse, which focuses on regional American cuisine. The enterprise now owns several brand names, including the aforementioned enterprises in addition to Zingerman's Mail Order, Zingerman's Coffee Company, Zingerman's Training, Inc., Zingerman's Candy, and Zingerman's Catering. Zingerman's sponsors several mail-order food clubs and occasional culinary study tours.
Zingerman's assisted Avalon International Breads with a substantial discount on the purchase of its old steam-powered oven as well as its original business plan when Ann Perrault and Jackie Victor established the Detroit-based bakery in 1997.
See also
List of delicatessens
Datz
References
External links
Zingerman's website
Companies based in Ann Arbor, Michigan
Jewish delicatessens in the United States
Jews and Judaism in Michigan
Restaurants in Michigan
Restaurants established in 1982
1982 establishments in Michigan
Team building is a collective term for various types of activities used to enhance social relations and define roles within teams, often involving collaborative tasks. It is distinct from team training, which is designed by a combine of business managers, learning and development/OD (Internal or external) and an HR Business Partner (if the role exists) to improve the efficiency, rather than interpersonal relations.
Many team-building exercises aim to expose and address interpersonal problems within the group.
Over time, these activities are intended to improve performance in a team-based environment. Team building is one of the foundations of organizational development that can be applied to groups such as sports teams, school classes, military units or flight crews. The formal definition of team-building includes:
aligning around goals
building effective working relationships
reducing team members' role ambiguity
finding solutions to team problems
Team building is one of the most widely used group-development activities in organizations. A common strategy is to have a "team-building retreat" or "corporate love-in," where team members try to address underlying concerns and build trust by engaging in activities that are not part of what they ordinarily do as a team.
Of all organizational activities, one study found team-development to have the strongest effect (versus financial measures) for improving organizational performance. A 2008 meta-analysis found that team-development activities, including team building and team training, improve both a team's objective performance and that team's subjective supervisory ratings. Team building can also be achieved by targeted personal self-disclosure activities.
Four approaches
Team building describe four approaches to team building:
Setting goals
This emphasizes the importance of clear objectives and individual and team goals. Team members become involved in action planning to identify ways to define success and failure and achieve goals. This is intended to strengthen motivation and foster a sense of ownership. By identifying specific outcomes and tests of incremental success, teams can measure their progress. Many organizations negotiate a team charter with the team and (union leaders)
Role clarification
This emphasizes improving team members' understanding of their own and others' respective roles and duties. This is intended to reduce ambiguity and foster understanding of the importance of structure by activities aimed at defining and adjusting roles. It emphasizes the members' interdependence and the value of having each member focus on their own role in the team's success.
Problem-solving
This emphasizes identifying major problems
Interpersonal-relations
This emphasizes increasing teamwork skills such as giving and receiving support, communication and sharing. Teams with fewer interpersonal conflicts generally function more effectively than others. A facilitator guides the conversations to develop mutual trust and open communication between team members.
Effectiveness
The effectiveness of team building differs substantially from one organization to another. The most effective efforts occur when team members are interdependent, knowledgeable and experienced and when organizational leadership actively establishes and supports the team.
When teams are assembled, team dynamics are huge in terms of creating an effective team. Dr. Frank La Fasto identifies five dynamics that are fundamental to team effectiveness. [] The five dynamics of effectiveness within teams are given below.
1) Team Membership
· Team Membership is the members that make up the team.
2) Team Relationship
· Team Relationship is the relationship team members have with each other and how they interact and coexist.
3) Team Problem-Solving
· Team Problem-Solving is the members within a team coming to a conclusive yet innovative solution to the problem at hand.
4) Team Leadership
· Team Leadership is the leader of the team and the qualities and traits they must possess to lead a team effectively.
5) Organizational Environment
· Organizational Environment is the environment from which a team works in and can directly correlate to team effectiveness.
Effective team building incorporates an awareness of team objectives. Teams must work to develop goals, roles and procedures. As a result, team building is usually associated with increasing task accomplishment, goal meeting, and achievement of results within teams.
Some research indicates that team building is not as effective as it seems, and despite causing people to feel closer initially, that is often short-lived. This research indicates that starting with individual motivation is a better starting point than team building (focus on relationships and trust) when seeking to improve the level of quality collaboration.
Effect on performance
Team building has been scientifically shown to positively affect team effectiveness. Goal setting and role clarification were shown to have impact on cognitive, affective, process and performance outcomes. They had the most powerful impact on affective and process outcomes, which implies that team building can help benefit teams experiencing issues with negative affect, such as lack of cohesion or trust. It could also improve teams suffering from process issues, such as lack of clarification in roles.
Goal setting and role clarification have the greatest impact because they enhance motivation, reduce conflict and help to set individual purposes, goals and motivation.
Teams with 10 or more members appear to benefit the most from team building. This is attributed to larger teams having – generally speaking – a greater reservoir of cognitive resources and capabilities than smaller teams.
Challenges to team building
The term 'team building' is often used as a dodge when organizations are looking for a 'quick fix' to poor communication systems or unclear leadership directives, leading to unproductive teams with no clear of how to be successful. Team work is the best work.
Teams are then assembled to address specific problems, while the underlying causes are not ignored.
Dyer highlighted three challenges for team builders:
Lack of teamwork skills: One of the challenges facing leaders is to find team-oriented employees. Most organizations rely on educational institutions to have inculcated these skills into students. Dyer believed however, that students are encouraged to work individually and succeed without having to collaborate. This works against the kinds of behavior needed for teamwork. Another study found that team training improved cognitive, affective, process and performance outcomes. Employee resistance and lack of teamwork skills may result where employees are required to work with other employees with whom they are unfamiliar. In this case, the new teams are breaking up established social relationships.
Virtual workplaces and across organizational boundaries: according to Dyer, organizations individuals who are not in the same physical space increasingly work together. Members are typically unable to build concrete relationships with other team members. Another study found that face-to-face communication is very important in building an effective team environment. Face-to-face contact was key to developing trust. Formal team building sessions with a facilitator led the members to "agree to the relationship" and define how the teams were work. Informal contact was also mentioned.
Globalization and virtualization: Teams increasingly include members who have dissimilar languages, cultures, values and problem-solving approaches problems. One-to-one meetings have been successful in some organizations.
The International Journal of Management and Entrepreneurship highlights the point of groupthink being another challenge within team building. A group thinking or making decisions in a way that discourages creativity or individual control creates potential for increased conflict over decision making.
Another challenge to team building include three types of conflict that can occur which are task conflict, process conflict and relationship conflict.
Task Conflict: Conflict over the work or goals of the project, including different approaches, perspectives and interpretations
Process Conflict: Conflict over how the logistics of the work are completed and assigning responsibilities
Relationship Conflict: Conflict over interpersonal relationships, including personality clashes, differing personal views and perspectives.
Application of team building
Schools
Instructors can motivate students to develop teamwork skills and provide a guideline on how professors can help students build effective study/project teams. This approach emphasizes examples of job situations that require teamwork skills.
Organizations
Team building in organizations is a common approach to improving performance.
Fun is an important component to team building, but the intent is to become productive, focused, and aligned. Purely recreational activities can be helpful, but must be timed and consider the capabilities of team members (e.g., sports are not for everyone). Other activities geared toward creating a learning environment, exceeding results and engaging employees must be present.
Employee engagement exercises allow teams to create solutions that are meaningful to them, with direct impact on the individuals, the team and the organization. Experiential learning and ramification methods are effective ways to engage millennials in the workplace. Employee engagement is effective because:
employees enjoy problem-solving activities;
problem-solving creates ownership;
it can increase capacity;
competitive activities encourage a results-based outlook.
Outdoor activities can be an effective way to engage the team, but there are many different types of team building activities possible.
Sports
Team building was introduced in sports in the 1990s. A 2010 study that analyzed the effects of team building found that team building activities increase group cohesion.
According to Yukelson, "In sports, teams are made up of a collection of interdependent individuals, coordinated and orchestrated into various task efficient roles for the purpose of achieving goals and objectives that are deemed important for that particular team".
Team building in sports develops behaviors and skills that “result in improvements in team effectiveness.” A basic tenet of team building is when team members foster a sense of unity, or togetherness. This creates a catalyzing function bolstering the individual members' efforts through increased motivation. This directs them towards their common goals, and improves team performance outcomes.
A study examined whether a team building intervention program that stressed the importance of goal setting increased cohesion: 86 high school basketball players were studied. The hypothesis employed season-long goal setting. Participants were asked to individually assign targets for the team and negotiate with other team members to finalize a goal score for the team.
In the control branch, the coach occasionally encouraged participants to cheer for and support other team members. The research concluded that at the beginning of the study, all the teams had the same level of cohesion, but the team with the season long goal setting intervention program performed better.
The level of team cohesion did not increase as a result of ceiling effect with the intervention program, but the level decreased significantly for the control group. This was attributed to the lack of emphasis on team goals.
Core components for building a successful sports team:
The coach communicates the goals and objectives to the team, defining roles and group norms.
Team members should know what is expected from them. Mission statements can encourage the team to support each in achieving the goals.
Team members should be trained that the team comes first and that each member is accountable for individual action and the actions of the team as a whole.
"Team culture refers to the psychosocial leadership within the team, team motives, team identity, team sport and collective efficacy". The coach builds a positive culture. This can be done during recruiting for team-oriented athletes.
Instill a sense of pride in group membership. Team identity can be created by motivating team members commit to team goals and have pride in performance.
Open and honest communication process can bring the team together. This includes both verbal and non-verbal communication. Trust, honesty, mutual sharing and understanding should be emphasized. The team members should be encouraged and given the chance to speak during debriefing sessions.
Teammates help each other before, after and during games.
Benefits of team building in sports include;
Improved team cohesion.
Improved communications skills on and off field.
Increased motivation and enjoyment.
Builds player to player and player to manager trust.
Mitigates conflict.
Encourages communication.
See also
Group development
Industrial and organizational psychology
Leadership development
Maslow's hierarchy of needs
Personal development
Socionics
Team management
Teamwork
Team effectiveness
Workplace politics
Teamwork Skill
References
Industrial and organizational psychology
Building
Mushet steel, also known as Robert Mushet's Special Steel and, at the time of its use, self-hardening steel and air-hardening steel, is considered to be both the first tool steel and the first air-hardening steel. It was invented in 1868 by Robert Forester Mushet. Prior to Mushet steel, steel had to be quenched to harden it. It later led to the discovery of high-speed steel.
Properties
The chemical composition of Mushet steel varied; tungsten was the main alloying constituent, which ranged between 4 and 12%, while manganese (2–4%) and carbon (1.5–2.5%) were the secondary alloying constituents. Typical samples contain 9% tungsten, 2.5% manganese, and 1.85% carbon.
Mushet steel was harder than standard water quenched steel. It was found that Mushet steel could be best hardened by submitting it to an air blast after forging.
Mushet steel is non-magnetic.
Use
Mushet steel was primarily used in machine tools due to its ability to retain its hardness at high temperatures. In 1894, Frederick Winslow Taylor conducted machining comparison tests between Mushet steel and high carbon tool steel. He found that it could cut 41 to 47% faster on hard tire steel forgings and approximately 90% faster on mild steels. He also found that if a stream of water was used as a cutting fluid the cutting speed could be increased by 30%. After Taylor's tests results were published Mushet and other self-hardening steels became popular in machine tools. Prior to Taylor's tests Mushet steel was often just used to increase the time between regrinds, take larger cuts, or machine harder materials.
In 1899 and 1900, Taylor and Maunsel White were experimenting with hardening processes for Mushet steel and other self-hardening steels. They discovered if the steel is heated to near its melting point it creates a more durable metal. The metal will retain its hardness up to a red heat. This type of hardened self-hardening steel was the first high speed steel.
References
Bibliography
.
.
.
Steels
Harry, Henry or Harold Raymond may refer to:
Harry Raymond (baseball) (1862–1925), Major League Baseball player
Harry Raymond (footballer), English footballer
Tubby Raymond (Harold Raymond, 1926–2017), American football and baseball player
Henry Jarvis Raymond (1820–1869), politician and journalist
See also
Hal Raymond, character in An Almost Perfect Affair
The Slamgeesh Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains, located between the Skeena River and Slamgeesh River in northern British Columbia, Canada. The Mosque River, a tributary of the Skeena, flows through the Slamgeesh Range.
References
Slamgeesh Range in the Canadian Mountain Encyclopedia
Skeena Mountains
Mahamat Ahmat Labbo (born 21 July 1988) is a Chadian professional footballer who plays as striker for French club FC Portugais de Cholet.
International career
Labbo plays for national team of Chad. He debuted for in 2011, in a match against Botswana in N'Djamena. As of April 2022, he has earned 17 caps and scored 4 goals.
International goals
Scores and results list Chad's goal tally first.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Chadian Muslims
Chadian footballers
People from N'Djamena
Chad international footballers
Association football forwards
Association football midfielders
Stade Lavallois players
ES Bonchamp players
US Changé players
R. Olympic Charleroi Châtelet Farciennes players
Les Herbiers VF players
Championnat National 3 players
Championnat National players
Division d'Honneur players
Chadian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Chadian expatriate sportspeople in France
Chadian expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
James S. Thomas (May 25, 1802October 26, 1874) was the 19th mayor of St. Louis, Missouri.
Thomas served as mayor from 1864 to 1869. He was a Republican.
External links
St. Louis Historic Preservation: Thomas, James S.
Profile from the St. Louis Public Library
1802 births
1874 deaths
People from Maryland
Businesspeople from Missouri
American bankers
Missouri Republicans
Mayors of St. Louis
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American businesspeople
Ingersoll Axles is a member of the IMT Partnership. It was founded as a small factory in the town of Ingersoll, Ontario, Canada in 1913 for the production of a soap called "Fun to Wash." The soap had a very short life, and the factory was soon converted to make brooms. In 1914, it was purchased by E.A. Wilson, who used the facility to create Ingersoll Machine & Tool in 1915.
Ingersoll Machine & Tool specialized in the manufacture of steering gear assemblies for cars and boats – including car starters, steering gears, millimeter shells, truck axle parts, house trailer parts, and machine parts. IMT established a major presence within the automotive industry, and by the early 1930s, IMT made every steering gear assembly for Canadian-built Ford, Mercury, Dodge, Chrysler, DeSoto, Plymouth, Hudson, and Nash cars.
The next several decades saw major growth and expansion of the company's ventures, and IMT became publicly owned in 1947 with a listing on the Toronto Stock Exchange. By the early 1970s, IMT had branched out into the production of washing machines and even hovercraft.
In 1970, Ivaco acquired a majority interest in IMT, further strengthening its holdings in 1981 with the acquisition of PC Forge. IMT also was awarded a 10-year, $100 million federal contract for large-caliber ammunition shells around this time. The following year, a new, modern facility was built to replace IMT's original building – with the help of a $125,000 grant from the Town of Ingersoll.
IMT developed its own self-steering axle in 1990. The resulting product, now known as the SmartSteer Axle, remains the lightest and strongest leading kingpin self-steering axle in the world.
References
Auto parts suppliers of Canada
Companies based in Ontario
The Crusader fortress of Krak des Chevaliers fell to the Mamluk sultan Baibars in 1271.
Baibars went north to deal with Krak des Chevaliers after the death of Louis IX of France on 29 November 1270.
Siege and surrender
Before marching on the castle Baibars captured the smaller castles in the area, including Chastel Blanc. On 3 March 1271, Baibars' army arrived at Krak des Chevaliers. By the time the Sultan arrived the castle may already have been blockaded by Mamluk forces for several days. There are three Arabic accounts of the siege; only one, that of Ibn Shaddad, was by a contemporary although he was not present. Peasants who lived in the area had fled to the castle for safety and were kept in the outer ward. As soon as Baibars arrived he began erecting mangonels, powerful siege weapons which he would turn on the castle. According to Ibn Shaddad, two days later the first line of defences was captured by the besiegers; he was probably referring to a walled suburb outside the castle's entrance.
Rain interrupted the siege, but on 21 March a triangular outwork immediately south of Krak des Chevaliers, possibly defended by a timber palisade, was captured. On 29 March, the tower in the south-west corner was undermined and collapsed. Baibars' army attacked through the breach and on entering the outer ward where they encountered the peasants who had sought refuge in the castle.
Though the outer ward had fallen, and in the process a handful of the garrisons killed, the Crusaders retreated to the more formidable inner ward. After a lull of ten days, the besiegers conveyed a letter to the garrison, supposedly from the Grand Master of the Knights Hospitaller in Tripoli which granted permission for them to surrender. Although the letter was a forgery, the garrison capitulated and the Sultan spared their lives. The new owners of the castle undertook repairs, focused mainly on the outer ward. The Hospitaller chapel was converted to a mosque and two mihrabs were added to the interior.
References
Works cited
Krak
Conflicts in 1271
13th century in the Mamluk Sultanate
Krak
Krak
Military history of the Crusader states after Lord Edward's crusade
Friedrich Kipp (1814 – 21 January 1869) was a German physician and entomologist.
References
Anonym 1869: [Kipp, F.] Vereinsbl. westph.rhein. Ver. Bienenzucht und Seidenbau 20:17-18.
German entomologists
1814 births
1869 deaths
People involved with the periodic table
Bernard Lewin (September 30, 1906 – January 30, 2003) was a German-born American citizen who amassed the largest private collection of modern Mexican art in the world. Prior to his death in 2003, Lewin and his wife Edith donated more than 2,000 works of art worth over $25 million to the Los Angeles County Museum of Art. Lewin was a personal friend of Federico Cantu Rufino Tamayo and David Alfaro Siqueiros. Lewin's collection included the only portrait of Frida Kahlo by Diego Rivera that was not part of mural. Other works donated to the Los Angeles County Museum included Carlos Mérida, José Clemente Orozco, Rafael Coronel, and Francisco Zúñiga.
References
External links
Lewin permanent collection at LACMA
Art Scene California article on the Lewin Collection
Mexican Museum article
Slate article
American art collectors
People from Greater Los Angeles
American philanthropists
1906 births
2003 deaths
German emigrants to the United States
"Something Happened on the Way to Heaven" is a song by English drummer Phil Collins, released in April 1990 from his fourth studio album, ...But Seriously (1989). The song peaked at 4 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart and No. 15 on the UK Singles Chart. A live version also appears on the Serious Hits... Live! album. The song is often identified by the recurring hook of "How many times can I say 'I'm sorry'?".
The song was written by Phil Collins and longtime Genesis/Collins guitarist Daryl Stuermer and was produced by Collins and Hugh Padgham. It was also included on ...Hits. The song was originally written for the movie The War of the Roses.
Artworks
The single's UK release featured comedian Tony Hancock on its front cover. The different cover art for the international single release is a still from the 1946 film A Matter of Life and Death (also titled in the US Stairway to Heaven) created by Powell and Pressburger, permitted for use by Rank Film Distributors.
Music video
Directed by Jim Yukich, produced by Paul Flattery and written by both of them for FYI. A dog is napping in a meadow, dreaming of being in a silent movie in which it saves a woman tied to a set of railroad tracks from being run over by a train. The opening of the song is heard faintly in the distance, coming from the open back door of a concert hall, and the dog wakes up and ventures inside. Here, Collins and his band do a sound check and then perform the song as the dog explores the facility, eating from the band's buffet table, climbing among the catwalks, and sitting briefly at Collins' piano and drum kit. These sequences are intercut with shots from the dog's black-and-white perspective, including a brief dream in which it sits at a formal table loaded with food.
At two different times, the dog relieves itself onstage, first by defecating near backing singer Arnold McCuller — only discovered when he steps in the resulting mess — then later by urinating on bassist Leland Sklar's leg. The latter occurs near the end of the song, and the video ends after Collins smiles and wipes Sklar's shoe with a towel (Sklar did not perform on the actual studio recording, Nathan East is the actual performer).
Formats and track listings
CD maxi
"Something Happened on the Way to Heaven" – 4:37
"Something Happened on the Way to Heaven" (One World Remix) – 5:38
"I Wish It Would Rain Down" (demo) – 5:19
7-inch single
"Something Happened on the Way to Heaven" (edit) – 4:37
"I Wish It Would Rain Down" (demo) – 5:19
12-inch maxi
"Something Happened on the Way to Heaven" – 4:37
"Something Happened on the Way to Heaven" (One World Remix) – 5:38
"I Wish It Would Rain Down" (demo) – 5:19
Credits
Phil Collins – vocals, keyboards, drums
Daryl Stuermer – guitars
Dominic Miller – guitars
Nathan East – bass
The Phenix Horns
Don Myrick – saxophone
Louis Satterfield – trombone
Harry Kim – trumpet
Rahmlee Michael Davis – trumpet
Arranged by Tom Tom 84
Alex Brown – backing vocals
Lynne Fiddmont – backing vocals
Marva King – backing vocals
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Deborah Cox version
In 2003, Canadian singer Deborah Cox recorded a R&B cover of the track, which was included on the Phil Collins tribute compilation Urban Renewal. It peaked at No. 95 on the Billboard Hot 100. A club/house remix was issued as a single, which reached No. 1 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Dance Airplay chart in November 2003 and stayed at the top spot until February 2004. The track spent 11 weeks at No. 1—10 of them consecutively—making it the first single on the chart to accomplish this feat, which she would hold until 2009, when Lady Gaga broke that record with her single "Poker Face", which spent 15 weeks at the top.
References
1990 singles
2003 singles
Phil Collins songs
Deborah Cox songs
Dance-pop songs
Electronic songs
House music songs
RPM Top Singles number-one singles
Song recordings produced by Hugh Padgham
Song recordings produced by Phil Collins
1989 songs
Atlantic Records singles
Virgin Records singles
Warner Music Group singles
Songs written by Daryl Stuermer
Fernando Delgado Sanz (May 30, 1846July 5, 1914), better known as El Tuerto del Pirón or Tuerto Pirón, was a Spanish bandit. He worked mainly in the Sierra de Guadarrama and in the basin.
Biography
Childhood
He was born in May 1846 in Santo Domingo de Pirón as the son of Ramón Delgado Adrados, a native of Escalona del Prado, and Ana Sanz de Ysabel, of Santo Domingo de Pirón.
Initiation
In 1866 he returned to his hometown at the end of his military service and discovered that his girlfriend in the village had married a man from a rich and influential family.
It was then that he began his criminal career with his first crime, stealing the best lamb from the father of his former girlfriend and eating it with his friends in a cave in the Losana de Pirón area. He mocked and ridiculed the father by leaving the remains and skin of the animal at his door along with the text, "for the godfather." The story spread and he quickly became famous in the whole area.
Crimes
After he committed his first crime, an influential person immediately asked the Civil Guard to hunt him down, so he lived as a robber, hiding in the Caves of the Vaquera and Murciganillos in Losana de Pirón and the old elm of Rascafría. His crimes included the theft of cattle, robbery of rich houses and churches, assaults on walkers and travelers, and the kidnapping for ransom of members of the bourgeoisie, nobility and clergy. He formed a band with rustlers from the area including some childhood friends. Their crimes became more and more serious and widespread. Despite the murky stories that were told about his deeds, he only committed one murder and allowed another by one of his companions, both traitors of the gang. Unlike most bandits, he was disgusted with blood.
One of his most famous crimes was the complicated church robbery of Tenzuela, in which he's entering through the roof without leaving a single trace.
Death
He died at age 68 on July 5, 1914, after being imprisoned for 26 years in the San Miguel de los Reyes Prison, Valencia province.
Description
El Tuerto del Pirón was described as follows by the Civil Guard:Age, 35 years; stature, rather tall than short; wide and loaded on his back; Wide face; color, brown; shaved beard; with a little mustache. As a particular sign, a cataract in the left eye. He wears blue trousers, a brown cloth waistcoat, and a long checkered jacket or jacket; good black boots, and a wide hat or blue beret much used.According to an article published on August 16, 1921, in El Adelantado de Segovia, he would often walk through the city calmly greeting the Segovian citizens as they recognized him, but they were speechless with fear:The famous Segovian bandit did not shy away from appearing in public; taking, on the way, a seat in the cars of the land and getting off where he seemed. Courteously saying goodbye to the passengers who had recognized him, but who were careful to let him know to avoid dangerous inconveniences.
Reino of the Tuerto
He created a small band of rustlers among his childhood friends and others from the town of Espirdo, Segovia and Madrid. The most important were Barroso, Aquilino Benito Pérez, Consuegra and two brothers called Los Tormenta.
Their zone of power was called El Reino del Tuerto or País del Tuerto because of the power and control they exerted over the place. It extended throughout the region of the river Pirón, the valleys of Río Viejo, that of Lozoya and that of the Río Pirón up to Pedraza, part of the Cega river basin in addition to both slopes (Madrid and Segovia) of the Sierra de Guadarrama. His crimes were famous throughout the province of Segovia and Madrid, for instance in the town of Rascafría where he was known for hiding in its centenary elm. He also was in towns as close to the Segovian capital as Tres Casas (now Trescasas) and Sonsoto, although in the latter two he was unsuccessful. Some of his actions were carried out in neighboring municipalities of the province of Valladolid with the province of Segovia. On both sides of the Sierra de Guadarrama he was known, sought after and highly feared.
Popular culture
There are several rural houses and restaurants with his name in the area where he once took refuge. His feats are described in numerous verses and romances in the popular culture of the area, such as the "Copla del Tuerto Pirón" and the book Romances of El Tuerto de Pirón by Tomás Calleja. A street in Santo Domingo de Pirón now bears his name. His figure and history have also been used by public institutions with the aim of rehabilitating inmates from the Segovia jail.
Bibliography
Romances of El Tuerto de Pirón (Tomás Calleja Guijarro, SG - 102/2005)
Famous Bandits Una Información (A. Suarez Guillén - nº 13.943 1930)
References
1846 births
1914 deaths
Cowboys
Very Important Person (retitled A Coming Out Party in the United States) is a 1961 British comedy film directed by Ken Annakin and written by Jack Davies and Henry Blyth. The cast includes several well-known British comedy and character actors, including James Robertson Justice, Stanley Baxter in a dual role as a dour Scottish prisoner and a German prisoner-of-war camp officer, Eric Sykes, John Le Mesurier, Leslie Phillips and Richard Wattis.
The film had its world premiere on 20 April 1961 at the Leicester Square Theatre in London's West End and went on general release in late May on Rank's second string National circuit.
It was released in the U.S. as Coming-Out Party.
Plot
Sir Ernest Pease (James Robertson Justice), a brilliant but acerbic scientist, is the subject of a television programme based on This Is Your Life during which he is re-united with past acquaintances. He does not remember the senior British Army officer at all! A flashback ensues.
In 1942, Pease is in charge of very important aircraft research during the Second World War. He needs to take a trip on a bomber to gain first-hand knowledge of the environment under which his special equipment is to be used. However, no one must know who he is. He goes as Lieutenant Farrow, a Royal Navy public relations officer. The bomber is hit over Germany and, ignoring a crewman's warning, Pease is sucked out through a hole in the side of the aeroplane, but parachutes safely to the ground.
He is captured and sent to a prisoner of war camp mostly occupied by Royal Air Force officers. His excellent command of German causes him to be suspected of being a spy, but when his real identity becomes known to Group Captain Travers (Norman Bird), the senior British officer, he informs the men in his hut of his importance and that his escape is a top priority. Among Pease's roommates are Jimmy Cooper (Leslie Phillips), "Jock" Everett (Stanley Baxter), and "Bonzo" Baines (Jeremy Lloyd).
Pease is offered an opportunity to escape through a tunnel with two other men. However, he expects the pair to be easily recaptured (which does in fact occur). He instead plans to go into hiding after a fake escape attempt. He presumes the Germans will search for him for two weeks then presume he has got away, at which point they will step down the search and he can more safely escape.
When the Germans eventually assume he has succeeded in getting away and lose interest, he will walk out of the camp, disguised as one of three visiting Swiss Red Cross observers, along with Cooper and Baines (which has echoes of a real Second World War escape from Spangenberg by RAF officers Dominic Bruce, the "Medium Sized Man" of Colditz fame; Pete Tunstall; and "Useless" Eustace Newborn, who escaped dressed as Swiss Red Cross doctors). Crucial to the plan is that Everett looks like the camp Lager (compound) officer, Major Stampfel (also played by Baxter, even though he describes him as "hideously ugly"). He must impersonate Stampfel, as he will be escorting the delegation. The escape committee, headed by Wing Commander Piggott (John Le Mesurier), are very dissatisfied with Pease's plan, but Pease is determined to see it through. The plan nearly comes unstuck at the last moment, when another prisoner, "Grassy" Green (John Forrest), is revealed as an astute undercover Luftwaffe intelligence officer. He takes them at gunpoint, but mistakes Everett for Stampfel and is "dealt with". Pease, Cooper and Baines walk out of the camp and eventually make their way back home.
Returning to the television programme, Pease is reunited with Baines, now a leading designer of ladies' foundation garments; Cooper, a missionary in India; Everett, a West London undertaker; and Stampfel, who has become a popular entertainment manager at a British holiday camp.
Cast
James Robertson Justice – Sir Ernest Pease, aka Lt. Farrow RN
Leslie Phillips – Jimmy Cooper
Stanley Baxter – "Jock" Everett / Major Stampfel
Eric Sykes – Willoughby, Sports Officer
Richard Wattis – Woodcock, Entertainments Officer
Godfrey Winn – Himself
Colin Gordon – Briggs
John Le Mesurier – Piggott, head of the escape committee
Norman Bird – Travers
Jeremy Lloyd – "Bonzo" Baines
John Forrest – "Grassy" Green
Jean Cadell – Lady telling story on the TV show in the opening scene
Peter Myers – Shaw
Ronnie Stevens – Hankley
Ronald Leigh-Hunt – Clynes
Steve Plytas – Luftwaffe officer
John Ringham – Plum Pouding
Joseph Furst – Luftwaffe interrogator
Norman Shelley – Fred Whittaker
Brian Oulton – 1st scientist in corridor
Frederick Piper – 2nd scientist in corridor
Joan Haythorne – Miss Rogers, Pease's secretary
Inspiration
The escape plan, to walk out of the camp dressed as Red Cross observers, was used in real life. It was briefly mentioned in Paul Brickhill's book The Great Escape.
There were in fact two such 'Swiss Commission' escapes from German POW camps holding RAF prisoners – Oflag IXA/H, Spangenberg, in 1941, and Oflag VIB, Warburg, in 1942. The escape in Very Important Person is based on the latter, which was an Army–RAF joint effort, and not the one mentioned by Paul Brickhill. Both escapes are described by Charles Rollings in his books Wire and Walls and Wire and Worse.
The film's screenplay was later made into a novelisation with the same title by John Foley, which has erroneously caused John Foley to sometimes be credited as author of the novel upon which the film is based. However, it was the other way around: his novel is based on the film.
Trivia
The Windmill Theatre mentioned at the end of the film was a famous variety and revue theatre which featured tableaux vivants similar to the Folies Bergère and Moulin Rouge in Paris. It continued to operated throughout WWII despite blackouts and the Blitz on London, and boasted "We Never Closed."
Critical reception
The New York Times described the film as "trifling, even as modest British comedies go," and "burdened, rather than helped, by the presence of James Robertson Justice in a ponderous role," though Leslie Phillips and Stanley Baxter were found to be "particularly droll." The Radio Times however, noted a "winning comedy" with "witty script", "polished playing" - "Stanley Baxter gives one of his best film performances" - and "deft comic support from Leslie Phillips, Eric Sykes and the deliciously deadpan Richard Wattis."
References
External links
1960s war comedy films
1961 films
British aviation films
British war comedy films
1960s English-language films
Films directed by Ken Annakin
World War II aviation films
World War II prisoner of war films
Military humor in film
1961 comedy films
1960s British films
Owen County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. In 1920 the United States Census Bureau calculated the mean center of U.S. population to fall within this county. As of the 2010 United States Census, it had a population of 21,575. Its county seat is Spencer.
Owen County is part of the Bloomington, Indiana, Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
In 1787, the fledgling United States defined the Northwest Territory, which included the area of present-day Indiana. In 1800, Congress separated Ohio from the Northwest Territory, designating the rest of the land as the Indiana Territory. President Thomas Jefferson chose William Henry Harrison as the territory's first governor, and Vincennes was established as the territorial capital. After the Michigan Territory was separated and the Illinois Territory was formed, Indiana was reduced to its current size and geography. By December 1816 the Indiana Territory was admitted to the Union as a state.
Starting in 1794, Native American titles to Indiana lands were extinguished by usurpation, purchase, or war and treaty. The United States acquired land from the Native Americans in the 1809 treaty of Fort Wayne, and by the treaty of St. Mary's in 1818 considerably more territory became property of the government. This included the future Owen County. White settlers had been moving into the future Owen County area since 1816.
The area in present-day Owen County was first placed under local jurisdiction in 1790, when Knox County was created. This all-encompassing county was repeatedly subdivided as its lands were occupied − in 1816 a portion was partitioned to create Sullivan County, and on 2 February 1818 another area to the south was partitioned to create Daviess County. That same winter (21 December 1818) the state legislature took portions from northern Daviess and eastern Sullivan to create Owen County; it was named for Abraham Owen, a colonel in the US Army who had died at the Battle of Tippecanoe in 1811. The boundaries of this new county were reduced in 1822 when Putnam and in 1825 when Clay counties were created.
The first moves to organize the county's government were completed in 1819. In 1820 the first commissioners selected Spencer, the county's largest settlement, as its seat of government.
In 1920, the United States Census reported Owen County as the Center of Population for the US at a point 8 miles south-southeast of Spencer, Indiana. The center moved the shortest distance since census data collecting began in 1790 (just under 10 miles) from its previous center in Bloomington, Indiana. When the East experienced high rates of growth, as it did in the decades between 1890 and 1920, the Westward movement of the center slowed.
Geography
Owen County's low hills were completely wooded before the nineteenth century. It is still largely tree-covered, but significant portions have been cleared and are dedicated to agriculture or urban use. Its highest point (934 feet/285 meters ASL) is a steep point 2.0 miles (3.2 km) south of Quincy. The White River flows southwestward through the lower central part, entering from Monroe County (its course delineates a portion of the border between Monroe and Owen counties), then continues its journey into Greene County.
According to the 2010 United States Census, the county has a total area of 387.82 square miles (1,004.4 km2), of which 385.29 square miles (997.9 km2) (or 99.35%) is land and 2.54 square miles (6.58 km2) (or 0.65%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Putnam County - north
Morgan County - northeast
Monroe County - southeast
Greene County - south
Clay County - west
Major highways
U.S. Route 231
Indiana State Road 42
Indiana State Road 43
Indiana State Road 46
Indiana State Road 67
Indiana State Road 157
Indiana State Road 243
Indiana State Road 246
Protected areas
Cataract Falls State Recreation Area
McCormick's Creek State Park - the state's first park (1916)
Owen-Putnam State Forest (part)
Towns
Gosport
Spencer (county seat)
Unincorporated communities
Adel
Alaska
Alligator
Arney
Atkinsonville
Beamer
Braysville
Carp
Cataract
Coal City
Cuba
Cunot
Daggett
Denmark
Devore
Farmers
Freedom
Freeman
Hancock Corner
Hickory Corner
Highets Corner
Hubbell
Jordan
Lewisville
Marion Mills
New Hope
Patricksburg
Pottersville
Quincy
Romona
Silex
Smithville
Southport
Stockton
Vandalia
Vilas
Wallace Junction (ghost town)
Whitehall
Townships
Clay
Franklin
Harrison
Jackson
Jefferson
Jennings
Lafayette
Marion
Montgomery
Morgan
Taylor
Washington
Wayne
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Spencer have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The fiscal body of the county government, consisting of seven members. Three are elected county-wide (at-large members) and four are elected from districts. District One includes Harrison, Montgomery, Taylor, and Wayne Townships including the Town of Gosport. District Two includes Washington Township including the Town of Spencer. District Three includes Jackson, Jennings, Lafayette, and Morgan Townships. District Four includes Clay, Franklin, Jefferson, and Marion Townships. All council members serve four-year terms with at-large members elected during Presidential election cycles and district members elected during the other election cycles. One council member serves as president and another as vice-president. The council sets salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes. Several local boards such as the Alcoholic Beverage Board and Library Board have a member or members appointed by the council.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county; its three members are elected county-wide to four-year terms, however each must reside in their respective districts, two of which are elected during Presidential election cycles and the other during the other election cycles. Each serves a four-year term. The District One member must reside in Harrison, Jackson, Jennings, Montgomery, Taylor, or Wayne Townships. The District Two members must reside in Clay, Franklin, or Washington Townships. The District Three member must reside in Jefferson, Lafayette, Marion, or Morgan Townships. One commissioner serves as president and another as vice-president. Commissioners execute acts legislated by the council, collect revenue, and manage the county government.
Court: The county has a Circuit Court. The judge on the court is elected to a term of six years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association.
County Officials: The county has other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, prosecutor, assessor, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor and clerk of the circuit court. These officers are elected to four-year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Demographics
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 21,575 people, 8,486 households, and 5,992 families in the county. The population density was . There were 10,091 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.9% white, 0.3% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.3% black or African American, 0.2% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 0.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 28.7% were German, 20.7% were Irish, 8.9% were English, and 8.4% were American.
Of the 8,486 households, 31.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.1% were married couples living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.4% were non-families, and 24.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.96. The median age was 42.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $52,343. Males had a median income of $40,668 versus $30,556 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,581. About 9.2% of families and 12.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.8% of those under age 18 and 8.1% of those age 65 or over.<ref"></ref>
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Owen County, Indiana
References
External links
Owen County Official Website
Indiana counties
1819 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1819
Bloomington metropolitan area, Indiana
Parliamentary elections were held in Montenegro on 31 May 1998. The result was a victory for the So that we live better coalition formed by the Democratic Party of Socialists of Montenegro, Social Democratic Party of Montenegro and the People's Party of Montenegro which won 42 of the 78 seats.
Electoral system
Of the 78 seats in Parliament, 76 were elected by proportional representation in a nationwide constituency and two were elected in a special constituency for the Albanian minority. The electoral threshold was set at 3% and seats allocated using the d'Hondt method. Closed lists were used with a single list for both constituencies, although parties only had to award half their seats according to the order of the list, with the remaining half free for them to allocate.
Contesting parties
Split in the Democratic Party of Socialists
In the late 1990s a rift inside the ruling Democratic Party of Socialists of Montenegro came out. On the 1997 Montenegrin presidential election, aside then's President of the Republic and the Party Momir Bulatović, the Premier of Montenegro and party's vice-president Milo Đukanović ran too, leading a reforming wing opposing mainstream DPS CG's political attitudes regarding support of Serbian president Slobodan Milošević. The ruling parties of the Republic of Serbia (the constitutive partner of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia like the Republic of Montenegro), SPS and SRS, have soundly and firmly stood on Momir's side, while the opposition in Serbia (SPO, DS, DSS and GS) gave their support in Milo. It is so that the Democratic Party of Socialists - Momir Bulatović had officially seceded from the other branch of the DPS CG, but Momir's supports had only retained majority in 5 municipalities of Montenegro, while the other 16 in which DPS reigned voiced their support of Milo.
Momir presented in the political campaign that his main goal was the preservation of FRY and the maintaining of the present political status in Montenegro. In the first round on 5 October 1997 Momir Bulatović won receiving most votes, 147,615 or 47.45%, but lost to opposing Milo the second round on 19 October 1997 when he won 169,257 or only 49.2%. Momir refused to recognize the results, calling them unrealistic and forged - considering that every single of the other candidates that ran in the first circle voiced their support in Momir in the second. One of the main controversial moments, as criticized by OEBS, is that Milo as Premier, managed to seize control of the Montenegrin national media (e.g. TV CG). On the other side, the Serbian national media had also been unbalanced, promoting Momir. The other unbalancing issue is that Milo, as Premier, was in a much stronger position to further his personal goals, controlling the government (the President had very little authority in effect) and had seized control over most of DPS' local authorities, while DPS - Momir Bulatović got only 5 of total DPS' 21. On the other hand, Momir enjoyed the support of Serbia and the Federal Yugoslav government itself. With the huge clashes between Momir and Milo, the election respected minimal democratic standards. However, with eventual loss at the election, the rift between the two wings was final.
So that We live Better coalition
Following the internal turmoil within the DPS during late 1996 and early 1997 when the party's most prominent members Milo Đukanović and Momir Bulatović bitterly fought behind the scenes for the control of the party, Đukanović emerged as the clear winner of the year-long power struggle. Under his leadership, DPS began entering pre-election alliances with smaller parties under the coalition banner that had a different name ahead of each parliamentary elections.
Đukanović-led DPS called for an alliance between anti-Milošević parties, stating that Milošević's political pursuits were leading FR Yugoslavia into ruin. It made a coalition with the Social Democratic Party of Montenegro (SDP) that supported outright independence and the People's Party of Montenegro (NS) that wanted Montenegro to remain in a state with Serbia. DPS's own position at the time was that Montenegro and Serbia should be in a single unified state, but they opposed Milošević's rule.
The 1998 parliamentary election on May 31 essentially turned into another showdown between Đukanović and Bulatović over a single issue - Slobodan Milošević. Đukanović's coalition won, seizing 42 of 78 total parliamentary seats. Those 42 seats were then divided up three ways according to the coalition agreement: DPS received 32 seats while its coalition partners NS and SDP got 5 each.
Liberal Alliance of Montenegro
At the 1997 presidential election, LSCG did not table its candidate. However, in the second round the party supported Milo Đukanović over Momir Bulatović, in order to send a message that they are not against the West which supported Đukanović's candidacy. At the Montenegrin parliamentary election, 1998, LSCG won 6,21%, or a little more than 20,000 votes, and 5 seats in the Montenegrin parliament. LSCG lost a significant number of voters due to change of policy of DPS, which gradually started supporting the independence of Montenegro, attracting a portion of their voters. Due to poor electoral result, Perović resigned from his post. At the party electoral convention, held on 23 and 24 January 1999, Miodrag Živković officially became the new political leader of LSCG.
Results
References
Elections in Montenegro
Montenegro
Praliamentary
Elections in Serbia and Montenegro
Montenegro
Provender House is an English country house in Norton near Faversham in the English county of Kent. It is privately owned but open for tours on certain days, and is an event venue.
Location
The house is reached along Provender Lane, Norton, a village in the Swale district of Kent. It has been listed as Grade II* on the National Heritage List for England since 27 August 1952.
History
The house was built in 1342 for Lucas of Vienne, the Chief Archer to Edward, the Black Prince. It was altered and extended between the 15th and the 19th centuries, with James Hugessen buying the property in 1633. The house remained in the Huguesson and Knatchbull-Hugessen families for over 300 years. Sir Edward Knatchbull, 9th Baronet inherited it from Dorothea Hugessen, who had married naturalist Joseph Banks but died childless, and the estate was farmed by William Knatchbull-Hugessen in the 1860s.
The widowed Constance Borgström née Paterson started to live there as a tenant in the 1890s. She was the widow of a rich Finnish businessman, consul Emil Borgström, one of the younger sons of Councillor Henrik Borgström and his wife Carolina née Kjemmer. Emil was from a key Finnish banking family who had British business links since his training with British merchants in the early part of the century.
One of Constance's daughters, Sylvia, a Finnish-born heiress, married Colonel Herbert McDougall of the British Army in 1906, and bought the house and its land in 1912. Since then, the property has passed from mother to daughter twice.
Sylvia's eldest daughter and heiress was Nadine McDougall (1908–2000), who became the second wife of Prince Andrew (or Andrei) of Russia (1897–1981). He was the eldest son of Grand Duke Alexander Mikhailovich of Russia and Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia, sister of the last Tsar. The house became Prince Andrew's main residence in exile from 1950.
The next owner is their daughter, Princess Olga Andreevna Romanoff, who has three surviving children. The princess, of a state no longer having a royal family but being the maternal family of King George V who died in 1936, saw the house refurbished in the 2000s by the architect Ptolemy Dean.
References
External links
Country houses in Kent
Houses in Kent
Grade II* listed buildings in Kent
Grade II* listed houses
House of Romanov in exile
Borough of Swale
The slaty-backed jungle flycatcher (Vauriella goodfellowi) is a species of birds in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae. It is endemic to the Philippines. The specific epithet honours the British zoological collector Walter Goodfellow. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
This species was previously placed in the genus Rhinomyias but was moved to Vauriella after a detailed molecular phylogenetic study published in 2010 found that Rhinomyias was polyphyletic.
References
slaty-backed jungle flycatcher
Birds of Mindanao
slaty-backed jungle flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
is a Shinto cult. Originally it revolved solely around Gozu Tenno, but during the Separation of Shintoism and Buddhism of the Meiji era the government mandated it shift to revolving around Susanoo.
The main shrine is Yasaka Shrine in Kyoto or Hiromine Shrine in Hyogo Prefecture.
Gozu Tenno was originally a Buddhist-style Onmyōdō deity, and is generally considered to be the guardian deity of Jetavana, the monastery where the Buddha studied. The description in is prominent. In China, he was influenced by Taoism, and in Japan, he further merged with Susanoo, the Kami of Shinto. This is because both Gozu Tenno and Susanoo were considered to be plague gods. He was considered to be the Buddha Bhaisajyaguru.
The cult began in the Heian period, and the original form of the Gion faith was to prevent epidemics by comforting the god of pestilence. In the late 10th century, the citizens of Kyoto began to hold a festival at Yasaka Shrine (then known as Gion Shrine) which became known as Gion Matsuri. By the Middle Ages, the Gion faith had spread throughout the country, and Gion shrines or Gyototenno shrines were created to enshrine Gyotenno, and the Goryokai (or Tenno Festival) was held as a ritual procession.
In the Meiji era (1868-1912), the Separation of Buddhism and Shintoism banned Buddhist rituals at shrines and prohibited the use of Buddhist words such as "Gozu Tenno" and "Gion" in the names of deities and company names, so Gion Shrine and Gozu Tenno Shrine became shrines dedicated to Susanoo and changed their names.
There are many other cults of Susanoo that are not derived from the Gion faith, but rather from indigenous Shinto traditions without Buddhist influence.
References
External link
祇園信仰研究会 - 有志による研究会
Shinbutsu shūgō
Gion faith
Shinto cults
Tursi (Tursitano: ; ; ) is a town and comune in the province of Matera, in the southern Italian region of Basilicata.
History
In the 9th century it was a stronghold of the Saracens in southern Italy.
In 968, Tursi became the capital of the Byzantine theme of Lucania and the seat of the bishop was transferred there from Anglona.
Anglona
Within the present municipality of Tursi there was a Greek colony called Pandosia, inland from the younger and more powerful Greek colony of Heraclea, so that it was in vicinity of Pandosia that what is known as the Battle of Heraclea was fought in 280 BC. It was destroyed in the Social War (90–88 BC).
The town of Anglona later arose on its ruins, the first documentary evidence of the name being of the year 747: locus qui dicitur Anglonum. In 410 it was destroyed by the troops of Alaric I, and in the 9th century a Saracen raid led to its temporary abandonment. The Byzantine reconquest under Emperor Nikephoros II Phokas of what became the (theme of Lucania in about 968, made Tursi the capital of the theme. The seat of the bishopric was moved from Anglona to the new capital. At the end of the 11th century, the bishop's seat was again moved to Anglona, which held a better strategic position. It was at this time that the prestigious sanctuary church of Saint Mary of Anglona was built on the site of an earlier church. However, in the following centuries Anglona declined and Tursi became again more important. After some leading figures in Tursi actually destroyed the town of Anglona, the seat of the bishop was transferred again to Tursi by decrees of 1545 and 1546, which however required that Anglona was to have first place in the denomination of was then called the Diocese of Anglona and Tursi. A restructuring of the dioceses of Basilicata on 8 September 1976 included a change of the name to Diocese of Tursi-Lagonegro, making Anglona a titular see.
The is a national monument. It is on a hill at above sea level and was built from the 11th-12th centuries by enlarging a pre-existing small church (7th-8th centuries). It is a tuff and travertine construction, particularly notable for the external decoration of the apse, with numerous small arches, sculpted panels and a large central window flanked by small columns. The narthex of the entrance has a portal with reliefs with the lamb, symbols of the four Evangelists and other symbolic figures. The bell tower is in Romanesque style
The church is on the Latin cross plan, with a nave and two aisles separated by five arcades in different styles. Traces of the 14th-century frescoes with Scenes of the Old and Testament have been recently restored.
Other sights
In the ancient semi-fortified village of Rabatana are the remains of a castle built around a 5th century tower erected by Visigoths. There is also the church of Santa Maria Maggiore (10th-11th centuries: largely rebuilt in the Baroque style, it has maintained its 15th-century façade. The interior has a nave and two aisles, and is home to a priceless 14th century triptych portraying the Virgin Enthroned with Child and Scenes of the Life of Jesus, attributed to the school of Giotto.
The cathedral of Tursi dates from the 15th-16th centuries.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Castles in Italy
The 1952 BYU Cougars football team was an American football team that represented Brigham Young University in the Skyline Conference during the 1952 college football season. In their fourth season under head coach Chick Atkinson, the Cougars compiled a 4–6 record (3–4 against Skyline opponents), finished fifth in the Skyline, and were outscored by a total of 240 to 154.
The team's statistical leaders included Reed Stolworthy with 436 rushing yards and Dick Felt with 42 points scored. Felt set a BYU record that still stands with four touchdowns in the fourth quarter against San Jose State on November 7, 1952.
Schedule
References
BYU
BYU Cougars football seasons
BYU Cougars football
Sridhar is a given name that is also sometimes used as a surname. Notable people with this name include:
Sridhar (actor), Indian actor in the Kannada film industry
Anup Sridhar, badminton player
C. V. Sridhar, screenwriter and film director
Sreedhar, Telugu actor, Muthyala Muggu fame
H. Sridhar, sound engineer
Joshua Sridhar, composer of film scores and soundtracks in Tamil cinema
M. V. Sridhar, cricketer
Sridhar Babu, Indian politician and member of the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly
Sridhar Lagadapati, founder and head of Larsco Entertainment
Sridhar Rangayan, Indian screenwriter, film director and producer, with a special focus on LGBT subjects
Sridhar Tayur, American business professor
Sridhar (choreographer), Indian choreographer
V. Sridhar, Indian film score and soundtrack composer and lyricist in the Kannada film industry
See also
Sridhara, also spelled Sridhar or Sreedhar, one of lord Vishnu's thousand names when consort to the Hindu goddess Lakshmi
Shridhar
Jitendra Nath Das was an Indian politician belonging to the Communist Party of India (Marxist). He was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India from Jalpaiguri in 1991 and 1996.
References
External links
Official biographical sketch in Parliament of India website
1938 births
Communist Party of India (Marxist) politicians from West Bengal
People from Jalpaiguri district
India MPs 1991–1996
India MPs 1996–1997
Lok Sabha members from West Bengal
Living people
The C.F. and Mary Singmaster House, also known as Maplehurst Ranch, or more simply Maplehurst, is located near Keota, Iowa, United States. C.F. Singmaster, a Pennsylvania native, moved to Keokuk County with his parents in 1843 and settled near Talleyrand, south of Keota. His father Samuel established the home farm, Singmaster Ranch. The family became known for the importation and breeding of draft horses. They also had large land holdings in Iowa and Nebraska where they also raised hogs and beef cattle, and were involved in local banks as well. Samuel Singmaster bought the Maplehurst property in 1864 to expand the family's operation. At one time Maplehurst Ranch included three mansions, several horse barns, out buildings, stables, and cottages for workers. There was also a boarding house for visitors and clients to stay.
C.F. Singmaster had this 2½ story Colonial Revival house built in 1893 on the site of an existing house. It was designed by Oskaloosa, Iowa architect Frank E. Wetherell. The residence follows an irregular plan. It is capped by a cross gabled roof that features two gabled dormers with pediments on the south elevation. It remained in the family until 1968 when it was sold to Dr. R.A. Carmichael who established the first bovine embryo transfer facility in the United States on the property. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
References
Houses completed in 1893
Houses in Keokuk County, Iowa
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Keokuk County, Iowa
Colonial Revival architecture in Iowa
Crystal Cave may refer to:
Crystal Cave, Bermuda
Crystal Cave (Kentucky)
Crystal Cave (Ohio)
Crystal Cave (Pennsylvania)
Crystal Cave (Sequoia National Park)
Crystal Cave (Western Australia)
Crystal Cave (Wisconsin)
Cave of the Crystals (Cueva de los Cristales), Naica mine, Chihuahua, Mexico
Crystal Cave in St. Herman's Blue Hole National Park, Belize
Other
Crystal Caves, video game by Apogee
The Crystal Cave, 1970 fantasy novel by Mary Stewart
See also
Crystal Caverns (disambiguation)
Crystal Cavern
Crystal Grottoes
Geode
Gundersweiler is a village and a municipality in the Verbandsgemeinde Nordpfälzer Land and the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is located in the valley of Moschelbach in the North Palatine Uplands, southwest of Donnersberg and between Kaiserslautern and Bad Kreuznach.
History
The first known mention of Gundersweiler is from the year 891, as 'Novale Guntharii'. The name is believed to have originated from one of the first settlers, 'Gunthari'. In 1290, the village was documented as 'Guntzwilre' and in 1355 it became part of the Electoral Palatinate. In 1515 it joined the Unteramt of Rockenhausen. During the 17th century, robber barons struck the area and the community struggled until armed knights were appointed to guard the road through the Moschelbach valley. The village and surrounding villages suffered greatly during the Thirty Years War and the majority of the area was destroyed.
In 1798, during the French Revolution, French forces annexed the west bank of the river Rhine and the village became part of the Mont-Tonnerre department, which stretched East-to-West from what is now the French border to the Rhine and North-to-South from Mainz to the French border. Within the department, it was part of the Kaiserslautern district and the canton of Rockenhausen. Once Napoleon was defeated, the Congress of Vienna allocated Gundersweiler and the surrounding area to Bavaria, where it remained between 1816 and 1945. After the Second World War, it was once again incorporated into France in the form of the French occupation zone and to the newly formed state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
Population
As of 2014, the population stands at 510, the majority of whom are Protestant who are served by a Protestant church and a Protestant parsonage.
The local council consists of twelve councilors.
Sport
Gundersweiler has its own football team in the form of 'SV Gundersweiler', who play in the 'B-Klasse Kaiserslautern-Donnersberg Nord', on the ninth level of the German football league system. The village is surrounded by walking and cycling paths.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
General Executive Agency of Court Decision (GEACD, ) is an agency of the government of Mongolia. It serves as that country's prison service.
References
External links
General Executive Agency of Court Decision
General Executive Agency of Court Decision
Prison and correctional agencies
Government of Mongolia
Law enforcement in Mongolia
Tillandsia platyrhachis is a species in the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Colombia, Peru, and Ecuador.
Cultivars
Tillandsia 'Creation'
Tillandsia 'Hercules'
References
platyrhachis
Flora of South America
Epiphytes
Plants described in 1896
German rock band Die Ärzte have released 14 studio albums, eight extended plays, seven compilation albums, six live albums, 11 video albums and 50 singles (of which the majority is accompanied by a music video). The band—consisting of members Farin Urlaub, Bela B and Rodrigo González—is one of the best-selling German groups with 7.8 million records sold in Germany.
Their work include German language songs such as "Schrei nach Liebe" (1993), "Ein Song namens Schunder" (1995), "Männer sind Schweine" (1998) and "Manchmal haben Frauen..." (2000), which experienced widespread commercial success in Germanic territories. Die Ärzte's albums, released by labels including CBS and Hot Action Records, received several Gold and Platinum certifications by the Bundesverband Musikindustrie (BVMI) in Germany and the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI) in Austria and Switzerland in a span of almost 30 years.
Albums
Studio albums
Extended plays
Compilation albums
Live albums
Other albums
Singles
As lead artist
Videography
Video albums
Music videos
Notes
External links
References
Discography
Arzte, Die
Arzte, Die
Nature Reserves of Ukraine are protected areas of Ukraine, nature conservation and science researching institutions of state importance that are part of the Nature-Preservation Fund of Ukraine.
List
See also
Categories of protected areas of Ukraine
National Parks of Ukraine
References
External links
Nature Preserves
Protected areas of Ukraine
Ukraine
Nature Preserves
Gary Doyle (born January 6, 1949 in Smiths Falls, Ontario) is a former professional ice hockey goaltender. He was selected in the fifth round of the 1969 NHL Amateur Draft, 56th overall, by the Montreal Canadiens, but he never played in the NHL. Doyle spent one season at the University of Ottawa, and three seasons in the minor professional leagues (WHL, CHL, SHL). Doyle did, however, play one game for the Edmonton Oilers of the WHA.
Doyle played his amateur career in the OHA, playing for the Ottawa 67's in their first year of competition. After his retirement he became involved in municipal politics, eventually becoming county warden of Lanark County, Ontario.
External links
Doyle at HockeyDraftCentral
1949 births
Living people
Canadian ice hockey goaltenders
Edmonton Oilers (WHA) players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Montreal Canadiens draft picks
Ottawa 67's players
People from Smiths Falls
Winston-Salem Polar Twins (SHL) players
The Upper Castle in Zizers is a castle in the municipality of Zizers of the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
The Upper Castle in Zizers was built for Baron Simon von Salis (1646-1694) who was from the Tirano, Italy branch of the large and wealthy Salis family. Simon was the Captain over the Valtellina and had spent years in mercenary service in Sicily. When he built the castle in Zizers, the design was inspired by the architecture of Italian palaces. The castle was renovated in 1725 and again in 1790–1800. During the 18th century the castle was completely covered in facade paintings. Painting illusionary architectural elements was common in northern Italy during the 18th century and shows a continuing relationship with this branch of the Salis family and Italy.
The last members of the family, Franziska von Salis-Zizers and Therese von Salis-Zizers died in 1976 and 1977 respectively. After their deaths the castle library, with over 1000 volumes including many 17th through 19th century letters, business records, archives and chronicles were donated to the Cantonal Archives.
Castle site
The castle is a square, massive building topped with a hipped roof. The 18th century facade paintings cover the entire building and include trompe-l'œil columns, illusionary windows, elaborate window frames and stone walls. Currently the castle is privately owned.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Castles in Graubünden
In Samoan mythology, Atu was the first man on Fiji and Tonga. (Note: This is according to the Samoans, not the Fijians or Tongans; see also Ila.)
References
Samoan mythology
Rozkoszówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Uchanie, north-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Earnest may refer to:
People
Given name
Earnest Brown IV (born 1999), American football player
Earnest Byner (born 1962), American football player
Earnest Elmo Calkins (1868–1964), early advertising innovator
Earnest Sevier Cox (1880–1966), American Methodist preacher
Earnest Stewart Cox (1900–1992), British railway engineer and author
Earnest Frank, American football coach
Earnest Graham (born 1980), American football player
Earnest Gray (born 1957), American football player
Earnest Hooton (1887–1954), American physical anthropologist
Earnest Jackson (born 1959), American football player
Earnest Mudzengi, Zimbabwean politician
Earnest Pugh, American gospel singer-songwriter
Earnest Rhone (born 1953), former NFL linebacker
Earnest Ross (born 1991), American professional basketball player
Earnest James Ujaama (born 1965), American Muslim social activist
Earnest Wilson, American football coach
Surname
Conrad Earnest (born 1957), American soccer goalkeeper
G. Brooks Earnest (1902–1992), American educator
James Earnest (1818–1900), Wisconsin state legislator
Josh Earnest (born 1975), former White House press secretary
Les Earnest (born 1930), American computer scientist
Matthew Earnest (born 1969), American theater director
Places
Earnest Bridge, bridge near Marcola, Oregon
Earnest, Kansas, small settlement in Rooks County, Kansas
Businesses
Earnest (company), American student loan provider
Ships
Earnest class destroyer, a destroyer class of the British Royal Navy
HMS Earnest (1896), a destroyer in the class
See also
Earnest payment
Ernest
Earnest Evans
The Importance of Being Earnest
Moret-sur-Loing (, literally Moret on Loing) is a former commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France. It is situated on the river Loing, close to its confluence with the Seine. Moret–Veneux-les-Sablons station has rail connections to Montargis, Melun, Montereau-Fault-Yonne, Laroche-Migennes and Paris.
On 1 January 2015, Moret-sur-Loing and Écuelles merged becoming one commune called Orvanne, which merged into the new commune Moret-Loing-et-Orvanne on 1 January 2016.
The town was a source of inspiration for Monet, Renoir and Sisley.
Demographics
Inhabitants of Moret-sur-Loing are called Morétains.
Twin towns
Moret-sur-Loing is twinned with:
Kilkenny, Co. Kilkenny, Ireland
Külsheim, Baden-Württemberg, Germany
See also
Château de Moret
Communes of the Seine-et-Marne department
Famous people
Alfred Sisley, painter, lived and died in Moret
Sarah Tyson Hallowell, art curator, lived and died in Moret
Harriet Hallowell, artist, lived and died in Moret
Eliza Pratt Greatorex (1819-1897), American artist lived and died in Moret ("Les remparts", Rue des Fossés)
Karl Cartier, (1855-1925), French painter.
Marina Tsvetaïeva, Russian poet
Prudent Pohl said Zanaroff, (1885-1966) painter
George Grey Barnard, (1863-1938), sculpteur and collector of medieval art had his atelier from 1903-1911 in Moret
References
External links
Official site
1999 Land Use, from IAURIF (Institute for Urban Planning and Development of the Paris-Île-de-France région)
Former communes of Seine-et-Marne
Thomas Patrick Moylan (born 26 December 1943) is an American-Irish academic, literary and cultural critic, Professor Emeritus in the Department of Language, Literature, Communication and Culture at the University of Limerick. Moylan's academic interests are in utopian studies and critical theory, science fiction studies, cultural studies, American studies, and Irish studies.
Utopia, Dystopia and Science Fiction
Moylan is best-known for his much-cited theory of the 'critical utopia', outlined in Demand the Impossible (1986). Here he argued that the new American science-fictional utopias of the 1970s were 'critical' in the double sense of Enlightenment critique and of the 'critical mass' required to produce an explosion. These texts were distinctive because they rejected utopia as 'blueprint', but nonetheless preserved it as 'dream'. They therefore focused on the conflict between utopias and their 'originary world' and on 'the continuing presence of difference and imperfection' within utopia. The result was a more plausible, because recognisable and dynamic, set of alternative possibilities. 'In resisting the flattening out of utopian writing in modern society,' he concluded, 'the critical utopia has destroyed, preserved, and transformed that writing and marks the first important output of utopian discourse since the 1890s'. Moylan's examples included Ernest Callenbach's Ecotopia, Sally Miller Gearhart's The Wanderground, Suzy McKee Charnas's Motherlines and Dorothy Bryant's The Kin of Ata are Waiting for You. But his primary focus fell on Joanna Russ's The Female Man, Ursula K. Le Guin's The Dispossessed, Marge Piercy's Woman on the Edge of Time and Samuel R. Delany's Triton. These texts have become something like a canon for American SF studies.
In Scraps of the Untainted Sky (2000) Moylan developed the parallel concept of the 'critical dystopia'. Critical dystopias, he explained, 'burrow within the dystopian tradition', but do so only 'in order to bring utopian and dystopian tendencies to bear on their exposé of the present moment'. They are thus 'stubbornly' utopian, in the sense that they do not move easily toward their own better worlds: 'Rather, they linger in the terrors of the present even as they exemplify what is needed to transform it'. Moylan insisted that this was an essentially recent development, specific to the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Selected bibliography
Moylan, T. (2020) Becoming Utopian: The Culture and Politics of Radical Transformation London: Bloomsbury.
Moylan, T. (2014) Demand the Impossible: Science Fiction and the Utopian Imagination Ralahine Utopian Classic, ed. R. Baccolini, Oxford and Bern: Peter Lang.
Moylan, T. and R. Baccolini (eds) (2007) Utopia-Method-Vision: The Use Value of Social Dreaming Oxford and Bern: Peter Lang.
Griffin, M.J. and T. Moylan (eds) (2007) Exploring the Utopian Impulse: Essay on the Terrain of the Utopian Imagination Oxford and Bern: Peter Lang.
Moylan, T. and R. Baccolini (eds) (2004) Dark Horizons: Science Fiction and the Dystopian Imagination New York and London: Routledge.
Moylan, T. (2000) Scraps of the Untainted Sky: Science Fiction, Utopia, Dystopia Boulder and Oxford: Westview Press.
Moylan, T. and J.O. Daniel (eds) (1997) Not Yet: Reconsidering Ernst Bloch London and New York: Verso.
Moylan, T. (1986) Demand the Impossible: Science Fiction and the Utopian Imagination London and New York: Methuen.
Honors
In 2008 Moylan was awarded the Lyman Tower Sargent Distinguished Scholar Award by the North American Society for Utopian Studies.
In 2017 Moylan was awarded the Pilgrim Award for lifetime contributions to Science Fiction and Fantasy scholarship by the Science Fiction Research Association.
References
External links
Tom Moylan, in The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction.
Tom Moylan's University of Limerick Staff Page.
1943 births
American expatriate academics
American emigrants to Ireland
Academics of the University of Limerick
American people of Irish descent
Living people
Utopian studies scholars
The archaeological site Abri de la Madeleine (Magdalene Shelter) is a rock shelter under an overhanging cliff situated near Tursac, in the Dordogne département of the Aquitaine Région of South-Western France. It represents the type site of the Magdalenian culture of the Upper Paleolithic. The shelter was also occupied during the Middle Ages. The medieval castle of Petit Marsac stands on the top of the cliff just above the shelter.
Excavations
Édouard Lartet, financed and helped by the Englishman Henry Christy, were the first systematic excavators of the site, starting in 1863, and published their findings in 1875 under the name of the Age of the Reindeer ("L'âge du renne"). Objects that were found at the la Madeleine site are distributed among a number of museums, including the Muséum de Toulouse, the Musee des Antiquites Nationales, St. Germain-en-Laye and the British Museum.
The Bison Licking Insect Bite, a 20,000 year old carving (15,000 BP according to the National Museum of Prehistory) of exceptional artistic quality, was excavated at the site.
A perforated baton with low relief horse aka. Baton fragment (Palart 310), was excavated at the site.
An engraved bone rod from the cave depicts, according to Timothy Taylor (1996), a lioness licking the opening of either a gigantic human penis or a vulva.
Conservation
The Abri de la Madeleine is classified as a Monument historique since 1956.
In 1979, the Abri de la Madeleine was inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List as part of the Prehistoric Sites and Decorated Caves of the Vézère Valley because of its unique paleolithic artwork and archeological importance.
Gallery
References
Further reading
Laming-Emperaire, Annette. Origines de l'archéologie préhistorique en France, 1964.
External links
Abri de la Madeleine at The Magalithic Portal.
1863 archaeological discoveries
Madeleine
Madeleine
Monuments historiques of Dordogne
Prehistoric Sites and Decorated Caves of the Vézère Valley
John Proos (born December 10, 1969) is a former Republican Senator who represented the 21st district in the Michigan Senate. He previously served as the representative for the 79th District in the Michigan House of Representatives.
2004 Election
Proos are elected to the Michigan Legislature as a state representative for the 79th Michigan House District, which covers Northern Berrien County. Having never held political office previously, Proos edged out Berrien County Administrator Bill Wolf (R) in the primary election, in what some considered a political upset, winning by just 400 votes of the 16,000 that were cast. Proos went on to easily win the general election against opponent Princella Tobias (D) earning over 60-percent of the total votes cast.
2006 Election
Janet King (D) ran against Proos in the 2006 election. Proos won 65% of the vote.
2008 Election
Jim Hahn (D) ran against Proos in the 2008 election. Proos won 59.29% of the vote.
2010 Election
After serving his maximum six-years as member of the Michigan House of Representatives, Proos announced in February 2010 that he would be seeking the 21st Michigan State Senate seat being vacated by Ron Jelinek who would not be seeking re-election because of the state's term limit laws. Proos defeated Todd Griffee (R) in the Republican primary by a landslide margin, earning 77-percent of the total votes cast. Proos had similar success in the general election against his opponent Scott Elliott (D), earning nearly two-thirds of the total votes cast. At the time of the elections, Michigan's 21st Senate District included communities in Berrien, Cass and most of Van Buren Counties.
2014 Election
Proos are easily re-elected to represent Michigan's 21st Senate District again earning nearly two-thirds of the total votes cast against his opponent Bette Piermann (D). Because of legislative redistricting, the boundaries of the 21st Senate District had changed to encompass all communities in Berrien, Cass and St. Joseph Counties.
State Representative
Proos served in the Michigan House of Representatives from 2005 - 2010 and was appointed to several House committees during his tenure. These included: Energy and Technology; Agriculture; Education; Senior Health, Security and Retirement and Appropriations.
During his time in the Michigan House, Proos was able to boast several accomplishments. As a member of the minority party, Proos introduced legislation that became law and was eventually known as Michigan's "cottage food" law. The law allows homemade goods to be sold at small operations such as farmer's markets as long as a visible label exists to inform consumers that the food was prepared in a cottage kitchen that had not been inspected by the Michigan Department of Agriculture.
Since its passage, the cottage food law has been credited for bolstering many home-based businesses and has come to personify Proos' political philosophy of "More Jobs, Less Government"
Proos' time in the Michigan House was also defined by his chairmanship of the Michigan House Republican Task Force on Jobs.
External links
GOP House Page
Official Site
Campaign Site
References
1969 births
Members of the Michigan House of Representatives
Living people
Michigan Republicans
Michigan state senators
21st-century American politicians
Arthur Anselm Pearson (12 April 1874 – 13 March 1954) was an English mycologist. He often published under the name A. A. Pearson.
Background and career
Pearson was born in London, but educated in Belgium. After leaving school he worked as a seaman before joining the firm of British Belting & Asbestos Ltd in Yorkshire, where he spent the rest of his working career, eventually becoming chairman of the firm. He had an interest in music, especially madrigals, folk song, and folk dancing, joining the English Folk Dance Society in 1924 and helping with the publication of the Folksong Index.
Researches in mycology
Around 1910 Pearson began to research the larger fungi, encouraged by John Ramsbottom, mycologist at the Natural History Museum. His initial papers, co-authored by E. M. Wakefield, were on British corticioid fungi and heterobasidiomycetes, but he subsequently developed an expertise in the taxonomy of agarics, publishing a series of papers on this group of fungi from 1919 to 1952. In 1948 he produced a checklist of British species, co-authored with Dr R. W. G. Dennis of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew. Pearson spoke several European languages, collected fungi in Spain and Portugal (on which he wrote brief papers), was an active member of the Société mycologique de France, and was credited with introducing new, continental ideas on modern agaric taxonomy into Britain. In 1948 he was invited to survey fungi in South Africa, publishing a number of new species as a result. His last works were a series of keys to British agaric genera, several of which were published posthumously by his friend and fellow mycologist P. D. Orton.
Pearson was elected president of the British Mycological Society in 1931 and again in 1952. He was also president of the Yorkshire Naturalists Union in 1946 and a fellow of the Linnean Society. He described several new species of fungi and at least eight species of fungi are named after him, including Cortinarius pearsonii, Paullicorticium pearsonii, and Squamanita pearsonii.
Selected publications
Pearson, A. A. (1921). New British hymenomycetes. Transactions of the British Mycological Society 7: 55–58.
Pearson, A. A. (1948). The genus Russula. Naturalist (London) 1948: 85–108.
Pearson, A. A. (1950). Cape agarics and boleti. Transactions of the British Mycological Society 33: 276–316.
Pearson, A. A. (1954). The genus Inocybe. Naturalist (London) 1954: 117–140.
Pearson, A. A. & Dennis, R. W. G. (1948). Revised list of British agarics and boleti. Transactions of the British Mycological Society 31: 145–190.
See also
List of mycologists
References
External links
1874 births
1954 deaths
British Mycological Society
English mycologists
Fellows of the Linnean Society of London
Members of the Yorkshire Naturalists' Union
Dănceni is a village in Ialoveni District, Moldova. It is located on the bank of a retention basin of the Isnovăț river which is called Lake Danceni. The lake has a capacity of 4 million m3 and a surface area of 2.2 km2.
Notable people
Teodor Neaga, member Sfatul Țării
Andrei Vartic
Alexandru Corduneanu
References
Villages of Ialoveni District
90–93 is a compilation by the Italian band Punkreas, which brings together the first two EPs: Isterico and United Rumors of Punkreas.
Track listing
No Cops - 2:29
Isterico - 3:20
Persia - 2:22
Anarchia - 1:26
Antisocialism - 2:37
Funny - 1:26
Fegato centenario - 2:04
Il vicino - 2:11
Occhi puntati - 3:05
Disgusto totale - 3:06
È ora di finirla - 2:16
Alterazione cerebrale - 2:53
Montezuma - 3:04
Intifada - 2:43
Skizo - 2:47
Il vicino - 2:44
I chiromanti (live) - 5:52
Tutti in pista (live) - 3:39
References
1997 compilation albums
Punkreas albums
Phtheochroa modestana, the modest phtheochroa moth, is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Alberta, eastward across southern Canada. In the United States, it is found from Maine to Illinois and South Carolina.
The wingspan is 17–20 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to September.
References
Moths described in 1907
Phtheochroa
Catherine McGuinness may refer to:
Catherine McGuinness (born 1934), Irish judge and senator
Catherine McGuinness (English politician), City of London politician
A Wife in Danger (Italian: Una moglie in pericolo) is a 1939 Italian comedy film directed by Max Neufeld and starring Marie Glory, Antonio Centa and Carlo Lombardi. It is a "White Telephone" film, shot at the Cinecittà Studios in Rome.
Cast
Marie Glory as Mary Arnold Verdier
Antonio Centa as Giorgio De Martius
Carlo Lombardi as Pietro Verdier
Laura Solari as Michelina
Guglielmo Barnabò as Luigi Arnold
Sandra Ravel as Ilona, the friend of Luigi Arnold
Afra Arrigoni Fantoni as Aunt Clementina
Corrado De Cenzo as the Commissioner Melvet
Vasco Creti as Professor Duval
Bruno Calabretta as a detective
Luigi Erminio D'Olivo as Boulanger
Liana Del Balzo as an invitee to the wedding party
Armando Garozzo as a detective
Hella Kolniak as a traveller
Alfredo Martinelli as Gaby's husband
Silvia Melandri as Gaby
Alfredo Menichelli as a friend from Budapest
Lina Tartara Minora as Mary's maid
Guido Notari as the auctioneer
Giuseppe Pierozzi as the secretary
Dina Romano as the housekeeper
References
Bibliography
Landy, Marcia. Fascism in Film: The Italian Commercial Cinema, 1931-1943. Princeton University Press, 2014.
External links
1939 films
Italian comedy films
1939 comedy films
1930s Italian-language films
Films directed by Max Neufeld
Italian black-and-white films
Films shot at Cinecittà Studios
Films scored by Alessandro Cicognini
1930s Italian films
The R.B. Pamplin College of Business (commonly known as Pamplin College of Business or Pamplin), is Virginia Tech's business school. Founded in 1965, it has more than 41,000 alumni. The current Dean is Robert Sumichrast. In 1986 the college was renamed following a donation from alumnus Robert B. Pamplin and his son Robert B. Pamplin Jr.
The college offers three different kinds of Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, three different Masters of Science in Business Administration (MSBA) degrees, and a Master of Accounting and Information Systems (MACIS) degree. In addition, Pamplin offers two Ph.D. degrees, non-degree executive development programs, and majors and minors for undergraduate students. Pamplin jointly offers a Master of Information Technology (MIT) degree with the Virginia Tech College of Engineering. The most recent national U.S. News & World Report rank shows Pamplin's undergraduate program is 23rd among public institutions and the Evening MBA Program is ranked 16th overall. As of 2015 Pamplin accounts for approximately 20 percent of all business degrees awarded from Virginia's 14 senior public institutions.
History
1925 First bachelor's degree in business offered
1931 First master's degree in business offered
1961 School of Business is established
1965 The school became an official college of Virginia Tech
1966 College of Business accredited by American Association of Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB)
1969 Master of Accountancy program is established
1980 Department of Business Administration was divided into separate departments
1983 Evening MBA program is established
1986 College of Business receives a donation and is renamed after Robert B. Pamplin and his son
1996 Executive MBA program is established
2002 Pamplin College of Business starts offering hospitality and tourism programs
2007 Diversity Center is established
2013 Apex Systems Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship is established
2014 Center for Business Intelligence and Analytics is established
2015 Pamplin celebrates 50th Anniversary as a college
Academics
Pamplin offers undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral programs on Virginia Tech's Blacksburg campus. In addition the college offers MBA programs in Northern Virginia, Richmond, and Roanoke. The undergraduate program offers majors in accounting, business information technology, economics, finance, hospitality, information systems, management, marketing, real estate, and tourism management. Minors are offered in: Applied Business Computing, Business Diversity, Entrepreneurship, International Business, Leadership, Multicultural Diversity Management, and Professional Sales. Pamplin offers study-abroad opportunities for both graduate and undergraduate students. Pamplin students can attend Virginia Tech's Center for European Studies and Architecture in Riva San Vitale, Switzerland, and other European universities offer opportunities as well.
Rankings
Pamplin is a highly regarded business school and is one of a handful of core recruiting schools for some of the nation's most selective firms. Current rankings by the U.S. News & World Report and Bloomberg Businessweek:
Master of Information Technology degree: 2nd overall in the nation according to the 2017 U.S. News & World Report.
Evening MBA program: 7th overall in the nation according to the 2017 U.S. News & World Report.
The Undergraduate program ranks No. 39 overall and No. 23 among the public institutions according to U.S. News & World Report.
Undergraduate program ranked No. 52 overall, No. 24 by employers, Bloomberg Businessweek, 2013.
Departments
Pamplin has several academic departments/schools:
Accounting and Information Systems
Business Information Technology
Economics
Finance, Insurance, and Business Law
Hospitality and Tourism Management
Management
Marketing
The Program in Real Estate
Academic centers
Pamplin has a number of "academic centers".
Apex Systems Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship
Center for Business Intelligence and Analytics
Center for Leadership Studies
Business Diversity Center
Business Leadership Center
Career placement
Pamplin maintains a high job placement for its graduates. According to PayScale's 2015–2016 report, Pamplin's MBA graduates have an average mid career salary of $125,000.
Programs offered
The range of programs offered by Pamplin includes:
Doctorate programs
PhD in Business
PhD in Hospitality and Tourism Management
Graduate programs
Evening MBA with concentration in:
Corporate and Financial Services Management
Global Business
Hospitality and Tourism Management
Information Systems and Technology
Organizational Management
Executive MBA
Professional MBA
MIT in Information Technology
MSBA in Business Analytics
MSBA in Advanced Marketing Research
MSBA in Hospitality and Tourism Management
MACIS in Accounting and Information Systems
Undergraduate programs
Majors
Accounting and Information Systems
Business Information Technology
Economics
Finance
Hospitality and Tourism Management
Management
Marketing
Real Estate
Minors
Applied Business Computing
Leadership
Entrepreneurship-New Venture Growth
International Business
Multicultural Diversity Management
Professional Sales
Business Diversity
Campus locations
Pamplin offers undergraduate majors/minors, graduate programs, and doctoral programs on the Blacksburg campus at Pamplin Hall and Wallace Hall
Pamplin offers graduate and professional programs in the Washington metropolitan area, Richmond metropolitan area, and Roanoke metropolitan area.
Metro for students in Washington metropolitan area
Graduate and Professional programs are located near Washington National Airport and Dulles International Airport which are located within the Washington metropolitan area. These programs are served by off-campus stops on the Washington DC Metro.
Leadership
The following is a list of deans of the college:
Clubs and organizations
Some of the most popular clubs are the Accounting Society, BASIS (Bond And Securities Investing by Students), PRISM, Beta Alpha Psi, Business Technology Club, Business Horizons, Delta Sigma Pi, Hospitality Management Association, Virginia Tech Management Society, National Association of Black Accountants, Pi Sigma Epsilon, Society for Human Resource Management, Student-Managed Endowment for Educational Development, and the American Marketing Association:
Alumni relations
The Pamplin College of Business Alumni Association is an alumni organization for former students of the college. In total 24,185 alumni live in Virginia, and 41,738 reside Domestically and Internationally.
The Pamplin Advisory Council was founded in 1969 and was chartered to offer ideas and guidance to the dean of the college. In addition, the council assists with connecting the college with the business community. Currently there are over 70 members on the council.
The college publishes a business magazine, Virginia Tech Business Magazine
Notable alumni
Robert B. Pamplin (business administration 1933) was the president and chairman of the board of Georgia-Pacific and the founder of R.B. Pamplin Corporation in Portland, Oregon.
Thomas C. Richards (general business 1956) is a former General in the United States Air Force and the former chief of staff of the Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe.
Lance L. Smith (business administration 1969) is a former General in the United States Air Force who served as the Commander, U.S. Joint Forces Command, Norfolk, Virginia, and NATO Supreme Allied Commander for Transformation from November 10, 2005 to November 9, 2007.
Dave Calhoun (accounting 1979) is the chief executive officer of Boeing.
Vahan Janjigian (MBA 1982; Ph.D. finance 1985) is the chief investment strategist at Forbes, vice president and executive director of the Forbes Investors Advisory Institute, and editor of the Forbes Growth Investor and Special Situation Survey investment newsletters.
Wayne Robinson (finance 1980) is a retired American basketball player.
Robert B. Pamplin, Jr. is the chairman, president, and CEO of the R.B. Pamplin Corporation. The Pamplin College of Business at Virginia Tech and the Pamplin School of Business at the University of Portland are named in his honor.
See also
List of United States business school rankings
List of business schools in the United States
List of Atlantic Coast Conference business schools
Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University
Virginia Tech College of Engineering
Business School
References
External links
Pamplin College of Business
Virginia Tech
Business schools in Virginia
Educational institutions established in 1965
1965 establishments in Virginia
According to the United States's military intelligence there was a Qari Imran training camp in Pakistan's border region.
The News International reported that the camp was located in South Waziristan Agency.
The reported that the camp "belonged to Commander Qari Imran alias Hakeem Nasir of the Mehsud group."
They said the camp was part of Tehrik-e-Taliban, Baitullah Mehsud's group.
Dawn described Qari Imran as an Al Qaeda facilitator.
The reported the camp had been used to train Arshad Pathan, a suicide bomber who struck on February 4, 2009.
They named three other individuals who had been involved in setting up the bombing: Qari Muhammad Ismail, Ghulam Mustafa Qaisrani, and Qari Hassan Ahmed Mehsud.
Qari Muhammad Ismail and Ghulam Mustafa Qaisrani were captured in April 2009, and promptly confessed to helping organize the attack.
Dawn reported that the pair's capture came from information supplied by another recent capture, Qari Ismael.
American officials reported that 10 to 15 individuals were killed when the camp was hit by a missile launched from a Predator UAV on September 11, 2008.
References
South Waziristan
Terrorist training camps in Pakistan
Maria Zemankova (born 6 January 1951 ) is a Computer Scientist who is known for the theory and implementation of the first Fuzzy Relational Database System. This research has become important for the handling of approximate queries in databases. She retired from the Intelligent Information Systems Division at the National Science Foundation July 2020. She is the first (1992) recipient of the SIGMOD Contributions Award for her work in the conception of initiatives in research on scientific databases and digital libraries. She received her Ph.D. in Computer Science in 1983 from Florida State University for her work on Fuzzy Relational Database Systems.
References
Living people
1951 births
Florida State University alumni
American women computer scientists
American computer scientists
21st-century American women
Kahausibware is a serpentine female spirit and primeval creator goddess revered in the Solomon Islands. She was a Hi'ona—a powerful supernatural being who created the world.
According to myth, Kahausibware created pigs, cocoa-nut trees, and fruit trees. Having created food, she then created animals and humans to use it.
References
Creation myths
Creator goddesses
Mother goddesses
Snake goddesses
Solomon Islands mythology
Miroslav Soukup (born 13 November 1965) is a Czech football manager and former footballer. He was last in charge of the Iraq national Olympic team.
Managerial career
He was one of the managers leading successful Czech Republic national under-20 football team, runners-up at the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup held in Canada and was also manager of bronze medal Czech Republic national under-19 football team at the 2006 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship. He was also manager of Egypt national under-20 football team.
He became the coach of 1. FC Slovácko, replacing Josef Mazura on 18 April 2010. After losing the opening three games of the 2012–13 Gambrinus liga, Soukup was relieved of his duties. Soukup was not out of football for long, as he took over at Gambrinus liga side SK Dynamo České Budějovice in September 2012 following the dismissal of František Cipro. He didn't last long as he was sacked in the winter break of the 2012–13 season after a 6–1 friendly match loss to Mladá Boleslav in February 2013. On 13 May 2014 he was confirmed as the head coach of Yemen national football team. On 27 July 2016, Soukup was appointed as the new manager of the Bahrain national football team. Under his guidance, Bahrain progressed to the knockout stage for the first time since 2004, and it was considered as a success. Despite this, Soukup left the position after the Asian Cup.
References
1965 births
Living people
Czech footballers
Czechoslovak footballers
Czech football managers
Czech expatriate football managers
Czech First League managers
1. FC Slovácko managers
SK Dynamo České Budějovice managers
Yemen national football team managers
Bahrain national football team managers
People from Prachatice
Association football midfielders
2019 AFC Asian Cup managers
Czech expatriate sportspeople in Egypt
Czech expatriate sportspeople in Yemen
Czech expatriate sportspeople in Iraq
Czech expatriate sportspeople in Bahrain
Expatriate football managers in Yemen
Expatriate football managers in Iraq
Expatriate football managers in Bahrain
Expatriate football managers in Egypt
Sportspeople from the South Bohemian Region
The Korea Janggi Association was founded in 1956 for the promotion of Janggi, or Korean chess, and is based in Seoul, South Korea.
External links
Korea Janggi Association (official website)
References
Janggi
Sports organizations established in 1956
Francesca Cavallo is an Italian bestselling author, entrepreneur and activist. She is the co-creator of Good Night Stories for Rebel Girls series, which has broken records on the crowdfunding website Kickstarter for publishing.
Biography
Cavallo's career began in theater, managing a theater company, and in 2011 turned to the development of Timbuktu Labs with Elena Favilli, which published a children's magazine for iPads, also called Timbuktu.
The iPad magazine Timbuktu (produced by Timbuktu Labs) was the first iPad magazine for children and it presented the news to children as a form of entertainment. The magazine utilized colorful pictures, easy-to-read language, and sound to appeal to children, and top-down scrolling vs. the traditional page flipping style of a magazine.
The first volume of Good Night Stories for Rebel Girls was published in 2016, and has since been translated into 47 languages.
Works
Good Night Stories for Rebel Girls Volume 1 & 2
I am a Rebel Girl: a Journal to Start Revolutions
Elfi al Quinto Piano
Awards
PW Star Watch 2018 Superstar
References
Sources
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
University of Milan alumni
Italian women writers
Italian businesspeople
Phani means a serpent in Sanskrit language. It may refer to:
Phani Majumdar, Indian director
Phani Ramachandra, Indian film and television director
Phani Sarma, Assamese actor and director
Phanis, a species of beetle
Indian masculine given names
Asdiwal is a Native American mythological figure from the beliefs of the Tsimshian people, Indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest Coast. Franz Boas first wrote about the myth in an anthropological context.
References
Tsimshian mythology
Benji the Hunted is a 1987 American adventure drama film directed and written by Joe Camp and produced by Ben Vaughn. It is the fourth film in the Benji series. The film is about Benji trying to survive in the wilderness and looks after the orphan cougar cubs after their mother is shot and killed by the hunter. It was released by Walt Disney Pictures. This was the last Benji movie to star Benjean, daughter of Higgins, in the title role.
Plot
In Oregon, Benji has gone missing while filming a movie. Benji's trainer, Frank Inn, tells a reporter that he and Benji had been on a fishing boat in the Pacific when a storm caused the vessel to capsize. Inn fears that Benji is dead but the movie producers plan to use a helicopter to search for him.
The next day, Benji lies near the shoreline when a helicopter flies overhead but he goes unnoticed. Benji wanders the woods and sees a female cougar just as a hunter shoots it. Benji tries to comfort the dying animal but the hunter drives him off and carries away the dead cougar. When the helicopter flies overhead again, Benji runs after it while barking to no avail. Benji encounters four cougar cubs that belong to the killed cougar and decides to look after them. While hunting, Benji comes face to face with a rabbit but spares it. Benji finds a cabin where a quail is being cooked over a fire and two other dead quails are hanging on a line nearby. He takes one of the quails from the line back for the cubs.
The next day, Benji returns to the cabin to get the other dead quail but the hunter catches and ties him up. Reading Benji's collar, the hunter remembers there is a reward for the dog's rescue. When the hunter goes inside, Benji tries to break free. Just then, a black wolf growls at Benji. When the hunter comes outside, the wolf runs away. The wolf returns and Benji makes a commotion. The hunter comes outside, scaring away the wolf. The hunter briefly unties Benji to unravel his rope. Benji grabs the other dead quail and runs back to the cubs.
Benji sees an adult female cougar with a cub and barks but she attacks him. Benji then moves the cubs to a new location, carrying them individually. While doing this, the helicopter flies overhead and Benji sees his trainer in the window. By the time Benji has finished moving the cubs, another animal has eaten the quail. Benji searches for more food. Meanwhile, the wolf begins to move in on the cubs but the helicopter scares him away.
The next day, Benji sees the cougar and the wolf nearby. The wolf chases Benji but Benji manages to escape. Later, the four cubs follow Benji. A large grizzly bear comes into the clearing. Benji and the cubs hide but one of the cubs tries to confront the bear. The bear scares the cub back to the hiding place. When the bear moves toward them, Benji barks and runs in the opposite direction. The bear chases but soon loses interest. However, the wolf appears again and chases Benji for a long distance until Benji leads the wolf to the bear who scare away the wolf.
Later, the female cougar and her cub cross a river just as the helicopter flies overhead, scaring away the cougar. When Benji spots the cougar again, he barks at the cubs to follow him across the stream. The helicopter lands nearby and Inn gets out, calling for Benji who sees him but decides to help the cubs before he can reunite with his owner. Unaware Benji is nearby, Inn leaves in his helicopter. Soon after, an eagle grabs one of the cubs and flies off. When the eagle later approaches the remaining cubs, Benji scares it away.
Benji spots the cougar and barks at her until she gives chase but Benji loses her along the way but almost runs off a cliff concealed by bushes. Benji finds the cougar near the waterfall. Benji runs to get the cubs but finds the wolf watching the cubs. Benji barks at the wolf and attacks him to draw his attention. As the wolf gives chase, Benji tricks the wolf by hiding in the bushes concealing the cliff and sends the wolf off the cliff to its death. Benji lures the cubs to come out from under the rock and carries them up the steep mountain. With all three cubs on the mountaintop, the cougar comes and appears to adopt them. Benji goes to rest in plain sight just as the helicopter approaches.
Cast
Benjean as Benji
Frank Inn as himself, Benji's owner
Red Steagall as the hunter
Gideon as Mother Cougar
Malina as Cougar Cub
Bart the Bear as Bear
Dimitri as The Wolf
Nancy Francis as Mary Beth McLaulin, a news reporter
Joe Camp as the TV director (voice)
Steve Zanolini as the producer (voice)
Mike Francis as the TV cameraman
Ben Vaughn as the engineer's hand
Karen Thorndike countdown (voice)
Guy Hovis as the balladeer
Ben Morgan as himself
Critical reception
On Siskel & Ebert & The Movies, film critic Roger Ebert gave "Thumbs Up" rating for the film. Gene Siskel gave the film a "Thumbs Down", accusing Ebert of liking the film more than Stanley Kubrick's Full Metal Jacket, which was reviewed in the same episode . In response, Ebert insisted that every film needs to be judged in its proper context.
As of March 2022, Benji the Hunted held a 55% (rotten) rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 11 reviews.
It grossed $22,257,624 at the US box office.
The film was subjected to a series of lawsuits, which were filed by Vestron Inc. and Vestron Video against Buena Vista Home Video, Walt Disney Pictures and Television, Embark Productions, Embark Releasing, Benji/Tracker, Starwolf and Airline Containers. The legal action commenced in 1985 when Mulberry Square Productions sued Vestron Video for a breach of contract.
References
External links
1987 films
1987 drama films
Films about dogs
Films set in forests
Walt Disney Pictures films
Films set in Oregon
Films shot in Oregon
Films shot in Astoria, Oregon
Films set in Astoria, Oregon
American children's drama films
1980s children's drama films
Benji
Films directed by Joe Camp
Films scored by Euel Box
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
D'Arcy Jones is a Canadian architect and the founding principal of D'Arcy Jones Architects (DJA) (formerly known as D'Arcy Jones Architecture), a studio practice based out of Vancouver British Columbia, Canada. DJA's portfolio consists of completed and ongoing projects focusing greatly within their local area of British Columbia while some reside as far as Ontario, Washington, California, and Switzerland. D'Arcy Jones Architects focuses mainly on small scale boutique residential homes, many of which have brought national and international recognition for the practice.
Early life and career
Although born in Fort St. John, British Columbia Jones spent his early life growing up in Abbotsford. From early on, Jones developed both an artistic interest in drawing and the physical act of building. Jones' interest in physical design continued to grow during highschool grade 11 when he was enrolled in a class that taught drafting. This eventually drove him to pursue post secondary to achieve both a bachelors and a master's degree. In 1995, Jones received a bachelor's degree in Environmental Design at the University of Manitoba followed by a bachelor of Environmental Design Studies at the Technical University of Nova Scotia (TUNS)(which merged into what is now Dalhousie University) in 1997. Shortly after, he returned to the University of Manitoba where he completed his masters in Architecture in 1999.
During his time still as an undergrad student in university, Jones was already designing architecture that made its way into physical realization. His first real project was a commission done in 1996 by his own parents asking him to design their home. During this time, Jones claims that the project made him appreciate and “fall in love” with factors that were not taught in architecture school, such as the practical and technical characteristics of architecture. The success of this solo project caused him to find his own practice after graduating from masters in 1999, where he would officially start practicing alone from the years 2000-2005. During these early times as a solo practice, Jones was based out of his personal house located in Vancouver's west end.
Professionally, Jones followed a path that was considered abnormal and non-traditional. As typically seen in Canada (where he would eventually practice) and many other parts of the world, the licensing process remains very strict and orderly in terms of how to achieve official registration as a practicing architect. With respect to contemporary licensing, the process follows a structure where an individual with a Masters of Architecture degree will work under the title of ‘intern' through already established firms. Instead, Jones founded his own practice, right after graduating in 1999 and has been self-employed ever since. Unlike in a normal intern employment situation where a registered architect will supervise and sign off on one's ‘working hours,' Jones never traditionally interned and obtained his hours remaining as a solo practice by collaborations and joint ventures. He states in an interview that he used joint ventures with registered architects as a means to carry out projects and complete his ‘internship.'
After 5 years of solo practice, Jones moved the practice from his own home into an office space in Mount Pleasant in 2005. From here Jones officially founded D'Arcy Jones Architecture (currently known as D'Arcy Jones Architects) where he expanded his studio size to a humble 9-person team including himself. Although technically involved with architectural practice since the conception of his firm in 2000, Jones achieved being a registered architect in 2013.
As an established architect and practice, Jones actively involves himself and contributes within the field of architecture through talk panels, design competitions, lecturing, juries, and teaching. In 2015, Jones was taken on by the University of British Columbia to be an adjunct professor within their schools of Architecture and Landscape Architecture where things like studio teaching, critiquing and being a thesis advisor are carried out. Most recently, he was invited by the University of Calgary as a guest critic for students' within the Faculty of Environmental Design.
Notable projects
Friesen Wong House
The Friesen Wong House is a custom single family residential house that additionally features a pottery studio and shop area. The siting of the house takes place on a rocky hilltop that overlooks the topography of the surrounding Kalamalka Lake Provincial Park. The house was designed bespoke to cater towards the lifestyle of the owners Jon Friesen and Silping Wong. This meant a design integrated within nature that responded to their lifestyle surrounding heavily on outdoor activities. Jon states that the design was imagined to be an "extension of the park" where the house grew out of the land rather than being an object building that disrupted the landscape. Jon also states that the house was imagined to embody the surrounding park despite where you were located within the house, as if always "walking around the park." Jones ultimately responds to this design vision by translating the house into a sturdy and tough built form to respond to the site but also gracefully being sited within the landscape. The house focuses an emphasis on innovative sustainable and economic features. A prominent concrete cantilever structure together with structural insulated panel building technology (SIPS) was designed to work in tandem with small steel pins to help support the floor slab and ultimately create a thermal break to ensure a continuous insulation layer. Other structural innovations include a concrete block column that was used hollowed out to render a fireplace on the interior. On the interior, "saddlebag" storage units increase temperature control and have allowed cutback on glazing costs. For materiality, the house chooses to showcase its permanence with materials like steel, concrete, and charred wood that require little upkeep. The cladding was done in a Douglas Fir wood that is native to the region. Together with his father, Jon personally charred the wood using a technique called traditional Japanese wood preserving technique called shou sugi ban to protect against weathering and insect erosion.
The Frieson Wong House went on to win a handful of awards, most notably the Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia Awards in Architecture (2017).
Double Header House
The Double Header House is single residential housing project designed to house 3 generations of one family under one roof. The house is split into two main units: one housing the main family and kids, and the other housing the grandparents, and public and private access to both units through a communal staircase. This unique living condition was determined by the local zoning in Victoria BC that prevented the development of a duplex on the site, but instead allowed for a main building accompanied with a secondary suite. The plan layout consists of both living suites to be facing each other in a north-south orientation rather than a typical side-by-side layout seen in duplexes. This would allow both spaces to feel a sense of width close to a "typical house". What is most unique about the house is the origami like metal overhangs identical on both facades. This important design element helps mitigate sunlight coming into the house but still provides enough light into the interior. This overhang also helps with the privacy of people looking in.
Deep Cove House
The Deep Cove House is single residential house located in Deep Cove, North Vancouver. As Jones describes, the house was designed to be "part look-out tower, part courtyard and part landform." The house is sited on top a clifftop in Deep Cove where ultimately this multi-functioning form and program came to realization. The exterior of the house is designed with contrasting facades: the public street-facing one being completely closed off with no glazing versus the backside with extensive wrap-around windows. This is to allow for minimal views into the house from the public and nearby commercial streets and maximizes the expansive views overlooking the surrounding forest and water. The building's sharp angles also help combat and minimize exterior glare and promote water runoff. The interior was designed around a minimalist and modest yet flexible plan. This meant a simple grey-scale colour palette with minimalistic furniture. This was designed with inspiration from older architectural ideals of creating rooms with no given program and instead allow a multitude of programs/uses to form to a generic room. This would ultimately allow for the exterior views to be the highlight rather than interior.
The Deep Cove House was selected in 2019 as one of Dezeen's Top 10 Canadian Houses.
Awards and achievements
D'Arcy Jones Architects has been the recipient of many awards and achievements. In recent years, the office together with many of their projects have been widely published and featured in books, journals, articles, magazines, and interviews.
The practice has received awards through the firm itself as well as the projects they have done. These include:
RAIC Emerging Architectural Practice Award (2017) - A highly regarded award that recognizes firm principles and their representation of distinguished architectural projects. Criteria for such recognition includes project and design quality, innovations, public recognition and client service quality.
AIBC Emerging Firm Award (2017)
Ronald J. Thom Award for Early Design Achievement (2014) - presented to architects who showcase innovative talent and architectural potential in the field. Presented to architects who are in the earlier parts of their career.
Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia Awards in Architecture (2017) - local award given to BC architects that recognizes design excellence in recently completed projects. In the case of this award, the Friesen Wong House was recognized.
Arthur Erickson Memorial Award (2010) - the first year of this award conception, Jones won the award that honours Arthur Erickson who was a Canadian architect integral in Canadian architecture and someone who inspired many. Given to designers who are just emerging in recognition.
Canadian Architect Award of Merit (2015) - award for the 'Ha-Ha House' project.
Canadian Architect Award of Merit (2009) - award for 'The Cowboy' project.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Canadian architects
University of Manitoba alumni
One Week Friends is a 2014 romantic comedy Japanese anime series based on the manga series written by Matcha Hazuki and serialized in Square Enix's Gangan Joker magazine. One day, high school sophomore Yuki Hase happens to notice that his classmate, Kaori Fujimiya always seems to spend much of her time all by herself. Mustering up his courage, Yuki approaches Kaori and attempts to befriend her which she reluctantly allows. However, after the pair share many meaningful and fun conversations, Kaori denies her friendship with Yuki, stating that she loses the memories of any friends she makes each week. Despite this, the story follows Yuki and his determination to become Kaori's friend over and over again as the weeks go by.
The anime is produced by Brain's Base and directed by Tarou Iwasaki, with script writing by Shōtarō Suga, character designs by Eri Yamazaki and soundtrack music by Nobuko Toda. The series premiered on Tokyo MX on April 6, 2014 and ran for twelve episodes until June 22, 2014, with later airings on MBS, TVA, AT-X and BS11. The series was picked up by Crunchyroll for online simulcast streaming in North America and other select parts of the world. Square Enix began releasing the series in Japan on Blu-ray and DVD volumes starting on June 18, 2014. The anime was licensed by Sentai Filmworks for distribution via select digital outlets and a home media release in North America. This was followed by its acquisition by Madman Entertainment for Australian distribution.
The opening theme is by Natsumi Kon. The ending theme is a cover of Sukima Switch's 2004 single, by Kaori Fujimiya (Sora Amamiya).
Episode list
Specials
The following special episodes are part of a mini-series titled, and were released together with the BD / DVD sets of the main anime series. The episodes recall the events of the original anime series told in retrospect from Kaori's point of view as she writes in her diary.
Home media
Square Enix began releasing the series in Japan on Blu-ray and DVD volumes starting on June 18, 2014. The complete series will be released on subtitled DVD formats by Madman Entertainment on May 20, 2015. The complete series will be released by Sentai Filmworks on DVD and Blu-ray format on July 7, 2015. These releases will contain Japanese audio and English subtitles.
Notes
References
External links
Official anime website
One Week Friends
Clam Bay is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
The 2015 SAFF Championship Final was a football match that took place on 3 January 2016 at the Trivandrum International Stadium in Thiruvananthapuram, India, to determine the 2015 SAFF Championship champion.
Venue
On 2 July 2015, it was announced that the matches during the tournament, including the final, would take place at the newly constructed Trivandrum International Stadium in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala.
Route to the final
Match
Match rules
90 minutes.
30 minutes of extra-time if necessary.
Penalty shoot-out if scores still level.
Eight named substitutes.
Maximum of three substitutions.
See also
2015 SAFF Championship
References
External links
SAFF Official website
2015 SAFF Championship
Champions League Final
India national football team matches
Afghanistan national football team matches
SAFF Championship Finals
January 2016 sports events in Asia
The menare Over 94 kg (+206.8 lbs) Light-Contact category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the heaviest of the male Light-Contact tournaments with the closest equivalent being super heavyweight in the Low-Kick and K-1 weight classes. There were fifteen men from two continents (Europe and Africa) taking part in the competition. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Light-Contact rules.
Because there was one too few fighters for a sixteen-man tournament, one of the contestants was given a bye into the quarter finals. The tournament gold medalist was the Polish fighter Michal Wszelak who defeated his opponent from Ukraine, Igor Kravchuk, in the final by abandonment as Igor suffered an injury during the final match. Semi finalists Csaba Podor from Hungary and Pascal Blunschi from Switzerland both received bronze medals.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
St. Lucia Airways Limited was a privately owned company founded in 1975. General and tourist flights were operated mainly to Martinique and Barbados, but also extended throughout the Caribbean and South America. There was also a shuttle service between the two St. Lucia airports of Vigie and Hewannora. A Boeing 707 was acquired in 1982 for cargo charter work. Head office was listed as PO Box 253, Castries, St. Lucia, West Indies.
History
During the 1986 arms for hostages scandal, U.S. Marine Corps Col. Oliver North arranged for shipments of Raytheon MIM-23 HAWK antiaircraft missiles to Israel. "The CIA's air branch suggested a proprietary which did clandestine work for the agency - St. Lucia Airways." The CIA congressional relations man, Clair George, was unavailable, so Duane Clarridge, the Latin America division chief, checked with the acting Deputy Director of Operations, Ed Juchniewicz, who told North that, in addition to its proprietary work, St. Lucia operated as a commercial venture. So it was available to anyone for special charter operations.
"North arranged for St. Lucia to provide two Boeing 707s. They were able to carry HAWK antiaircraft missiles to Israel, where the HAWKs were transferred to Israeli planes for transit to Iran. North was running the operation through a Swiss bank account, Lake Resources, Inc. (number 386-430-22-1 at Crédit Suisse). For coming up with an airline on short notice, North told [Vice Adm. John] Poindexter on their interoffice computer, 'Clarridge deserves a medal.'".
Fleet
In 1982 the firm operated two aircraft.
Britten-Norman BN-2A Islander, manufacturers serial number 612, registration J6-LAS, formerly registered VQ-LAS
Boeing 707-323C, manufacturers serial number 18689, registration J6-SLF, formerly registered G-WIND.
Lockheed L-100-20 manufacturers serial number 382-4129, registration J6-SLO, formerly registered C-FPWN
Incidents
Lars Olausson's "Lockheed Hercules Production List" provides the following tie-in between Oliver North's St. Lucia operation and current suspected CIA operative Tepper Aviation
27 November 1989: L-100 c.n. 4129, delivered to ZAC-Alexander, registered 9J-RBW, April 1966, sold to Maple Leaf Leasing, 1969, leased to Pacific Western Airlines, line number 383, March 1969, damaged Eureka, Nunavut, August 1969, rebuilt as L-100-20, December 1969. Leased to Alaska International Air, (earlier Interior Airways, later MarkAir), December 1969. Sold to Pacific Western Airlines, registered CF-PWN, 1977, then sold to St. Lucia Airways, registered J6-SLO, May 1985, named "Juicy Lucy", after a rock and roll band, 1969–1972, transporting cargo for UNITA, July 1987. Sold to Tepper Aviation, Florida, N9205T, January 1988, named "Grey Ghost" - crash landing at Jamba, Angola.
See also
Air America
Civil Air Transport
Rendition aircraft
Southern Air Transport
Tepper Aviation
Evergreen International Aviation
Intermountain Aviation
References
External links
Central Intelligence Agency front organizations
Companies of Saint Lucia
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tsuya Tsuya. It has been serialized in Akita Shoten's seinen manga magazine Bessatsu Young Champion since November 2014.
Publication
Written and illustrated by , Rakujitsu no Pathos started in Akita Shoten's seinen manga magazine on November 4, 2014. Akita Shoten has collected its chapters into individual tankōbon volumes. The first volume was released on August 20, 2015. As of March 17, 2022, twelve volumes have been released.
A spin-off manga, titled , started in on November 19, 2019. Its first volume was released on June 19, 2020. As of November 18, 2021, two volumes have been released.
Volume list
Rakujitsu no Pathos
Tasogare no Ethos
See also
Mikazuki ga Waratteru, another manga series by the same author
Futari no Ouchi, another manga series by the same author
Shiori's Diary, another manga series by the same author
References
Further reading
</ref>
External links
Akita Shoten manga
Romance anime and manga
Seinen manga
The 2010–11 Top League Challenge Series was the 2010–11 edition of the Top League Challenge Series, a second-tier rugby union competition in Japan, in which teams from regionalised leagues competed for promotion to the Top League for the 2011–12 season. The competition was contested from 19 December 2010 to 29 January 2011.
Honda Heat and NTT DoCoMo Red Hurricanes won promotion to the 2011–12 Top League, while Canon Eagles and Kyuden Voltex progressed to the promotion play-offs.
Competition rules and information
The top two teams from the regional Top East League, Top West League and Top Kyūshū League qualified to the Top League Challenge Series. The regional league winners participated in Challenge 1, while the runners-up participated in Challenge 2. The winner of Challenge 2 also progressed to a four-team Challenge 1.
The top two teams in Challenge 1 won automatic promotion to the 2011–12 Top League, while the third and fourth-placed teams qualified to the promotion play-offs.
Qualification
The teams qualified to the Challenge 1 and Challenge 2 series through the 2010 regional leagues.
Top West League
The final standings for the 2010 Top West League were:
NTT DoCoMo Red Hurricanes qualified for Challenge 1.
Honda Heat qualified for Challenge 2.
Mitsubishi Red Evolutions were relegated to lower leagues.
Top East League
The final standings for the 2010 Top East League were:
Canon Eagles qualified for Challenge 1.
Tokyo Gas qualified for Challenge 2.
JAL Wings, Secom Rugguts and Suntory Foods were relegated to lower leagues.
Top Kyūshū League
The final standings for the 2010 Top Kyūshū League were:
Kyuden Voltex qualified for Challenge 1.
Mazda Blue Zoomers qualified for Challenge 2.
Kagoshima Bank and Yamagataya were relegated to lower leagues.
Challenge 1
Standings
The final standings for the 2010–11 Top League Challenge 1 were:
Honda Heat and NTT DoCoMo Red Hurricanes won promotion to the 2011–12 Top League.
Canon Eagles and Kyuden Voltex progressed to the promotion play-offs.
Matches
The following matches were played in the 2010–11 Top League Challenge 1:
Challenge 2
Standings
The final standings for the 2010–11 Top League Challenge 2 were:
Honda Heat progressed to Challenge 1.
Matches
The following matches were played in the 2010–11 Top League Challenge 2:
See also
2010–11 Top League
Top League Challenge Series
References
2011 Challenge
2010–11 in Japanese rugby union
2011 rugby union tournaments for clubs
J. C. Jones (born 1973) is an American country music artist. Jones was signed to a recording deal with Rising Tide Records and released his debut album, One Night, in 1998. His only single, the album's title track, peaked at No. 61 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. When Rising Tide closed in March 1998, he no longer had a record label deal.
The "One Night" single was produced by Emory Gordy Jr. and Steve Fishell, and written by Lewis Storey, Rick Carnes, and Janis Carnes. Billboard Singles review said "the melody was pretty… an appealing Mexicali flavor… delicate guitar intro" and Jones had a "self-assured performance" adding, "There's a vaguely familiar quality to his voice, but at the same time you can't really name anyone he sounds like. It's a quality that could work in his favor."
One Night (1998)
Track listing
"You've Got Something I Want" (Butch Baker, Shawna Harrington, Wade Kirby) - 3:39
"The Best I Can Do" (Burton Collins, Tom Conner) - 3:44
"Tenderness" (Brent Maher, Jamie O'Hara) - 3:57
"Angels with One Wing" (Pat Alger, Richard Leigh) - 3:01
"Forever's a Moment in Your Eyes" (Emory Gordy Jr., John Hobbs, J. C. Jones) - 4:24
"How Do You Do What You Do So Well" (Benmont Tench, Craig Wiseman) - 3:09
"One Night" (Rick Carnes, Janis Carnes, Lewis Storey) - 3:48
"Rain on a Tin Roof" (Gary Harrison, James House) - 3:44
"The Power of Love" (Mary Susan Applegate, Candy Derouge, Gunther Mende, Jennifer Rush) - 4:48
"Master of the Game" (Steve Dean, Sean Michaels) - 2:53
"What Color Am I?" (Troy McConnell) - 4:05
Singles
Music videos
References
External links
[ AllMusic ((( J. C. Jones > Overview )))]
1973 births
American country singer-songwriters
American male singer-songwriters
Living people
Rising Tide Records artists
21st-century American singers
21st-century American male singers
Country musicians from California
Singer-songwriters from California
Erie is a small unincorporated community in Pennington County, Minnesota, United States. The community was home to local businesses until the late 20th century with the closing of its last store, Sjulstad Store.
A post office called Erie was established in 1905, and remained in operation until 1938. The community was named after Erie, Pennsylvania.
References
Unincorporated communities in Pennington County, Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
The Paramonai () were an obscure Byzantine guard regiment of the Palaiologan period.
The name derives from the Greek verb παραμένω, meaning "to stand near something". Unlike other major guard units in the Palaiologan army like the Varangian Guard, the regiment of the Paramonai was a native Byzantine formation, although little else is known about it. Its existence is safely attested in the literary sources only for the period from 1272 until 1315.
They are still mentioned by the mid-14th century writer Pseudo-Kodinos, however, who records that the regiment had two divisions, one on foot and the other on horse, each commanded by an allagator, and that all the soldiers were armed with swords. The veracity of Kodinos's account is impossible to ascertain.
References
Sources
Guards units of the Byzantine Empire
Man of Letters may refer to:
Man of letters
Man of Letters (film), a 1984 television film
1994 Colombian Squad
Head coach: Francisco Maturana
Source FIFA
1994 FIFA World Cup Qualification
Qualification - CONMEBOL Group A
August 1, 1993, Barranquilla, Colombia - 0 - 0
August 1, 1993, Lima, Peru - 0 - 1
August 8, 1993, Asunción, Paraguay - 1 - 3
August 8, 1993, Lima, Peru - 0 - 1
August 15, 1993, Asunción, Paraguay - 2 - 1
August 18, 1993, Barranquilla, Colombia - 2 - 1
August 22, 1993, Buenos Aires, Argentina - 2 - 1
August 22, 1993, Asunción, Paraguay - 1 - 1
August 29, 1993, Buenos Aires, Argentina - 0 - 0
August 29, 1993, Barranquilla, Colombia - 4 - 0
September 5, 1993, Lima, Peru - 2 - 2
September 5, 1993, Buenos Aires, Argentina - 0 - 5
Colombia qualified. Argentina advanced to the CONMEBOL / CONCACAF / OFC Intercontinental Play-off.
1994 FIFA World Cup
The 1994 FIFA World Cup, the 15th staging of the World Cup, was held in the United States from June 17 to July 17. Colombia was placed in Group A with Romania, USA, and Switzerland. Before the World Cup began however the Colombians found themselves in a problematic situation. Colombia's preparations were conducted against a backdrop of rumors that betting syndicates and drug cartels were exercising their influence over the squad. Coach Francisco Maturana was reported to have received death threats over matters of team selection. Gabriel Jaime Gomez Jaramillo (known as Barabas) was dropped from the squad presumably because of threats, with Hernán Gaviria taking his place.
Whatever the truth, Colombia's players were affected. They looked edgy and unfocused as they suffered a shock 3-1 loss in their opening game against Romania.
Colombia: 1-3 :Romania
The match between Colombia and Romania was the first game for either side in the group phase. Colombia began the match well and were allowed a great deal of possession by the Romanians who seemed content to defend in depth. Some of the Colombians football was breathtaking, demonstrating their superior ball play. However, against the run of play, Romania took the lead in the 16th minute with their first attack of the match when Florin Raducioiu took on three defenders before firing home a low shot past goalkeeper Oscar Cordoba. The Colombians kept on showing off their dazzling skills and were constantly threatening the equaliser, however on the half-hour mark, Gheorghe Hagi made it 2-0 when he noticed Cordoba out of position and dipped a cross over his head into the net. The Colombians had excellent opportunities however the Romanian keeper, Stelea kept the Romanian lead intact with a string of brilliant saves until Valencia pulled a goal back for the Colombians in the 43rd minute when he headed in a corner from Perez. In the second half, The Colombians put the Romanians under a great deal of pressure with Stelea called upon to prevent goal-bound attempts from Asprilla and Alvarez before Florin Raducioiu put the result beyond doubt with his second goal in the final few minutes. Romania won this encounter 3-1, and the Colombians knew victory against the USA in their following match would be vital if they were to progress any further.
United States: 2-1 :Colombia
Nonetheless the most crucial game in Group A for Colombia. The USA knew they weren't favorites but played with passion and determination while Colombia was focused on attacking their opponents in order to get an early goal. As the game started off, the Americans put up fierce resistance as Colombia launched several attacks. The Americans survived an early scare when Marcelo Balboa had to clear the ball out of the goal's mouth after goalkeeper Tony Meola had failed to save the shot from Anthony de Avila. Balboa and Alexi Lalas held the creative Colombians at bay in the center of the defense while Earnie Stewart and John Harkes led several counterattacks against Colombia. In the 35th minute, John Harkes crossed the ball towards Earnie Stewart, and it was deflected by Colombian defender Andres Escobar into the net to give the U.S. a shocking 1-0 lead. Andres Escobar was stretching out to cut the cross and clear the ball out of the penalty area. Celebrations went wild as the USA took the lead. Colombia continued its attacks while Andres Escobar was determined to repair his error. In the 56th minute, Tab Ramos fired a shot through Colombia's defense, and Earnie Stewart was there to tap it in past Oscar Cordoba for the 2-0 lead. Even though Adolfo Valencia scored a late goal for Colombia, the U.S. claimed their victory.
Switzerland: 0-2 :Colombia
With two defeats in their opening matches, Colombia's only hope to reach the 2nd Round was to defeat Switzerland and hope Romania would lose against the US in order to end in third place due to goal differences. Due to the format of the 1994 World Cup, the four best third-place finishers would advance. A header by Gavaria and a shot by Lozano gave Colombia a 2-0 victory over Switzerland. However, news that Romania had won against the US meant Colombia was out and going home. Even if the US had beaten Romania, the two goal margin over Switzerland would have been insufficient for Colombia to advance as they would have finished fifth among third place teams behind Russia, who finished with a better goal difference.
Six days later, on July 2, Escobar was shot to death outside a bar in a Medellín suburb. According to Escobar's girlfriend, the killer shouted "¡Gooooooooooooool!" (mimicking South American sporting commentators for their calls after a goal is scored) for each of the 12 bullets fired. The murder was widely believed to be retribution for the own goal scored in the game against the United States.
1994 FIFA World Cup - Group A [Final Standings]
Group A - Final Standings
References
Countries at the 1994 FIFA World Cup
William F. Cellini (born November 5, 1934) is an American businessman and convicted felon. He co-founded the New Frontier Companies, a group of Illinois-based real estate companies with headquarters in Chicago. He was previously the chairman of the NYSE-listed Argosy Gaming Company, was the treasurer of the Sangamon County Republican Party and has held several public offices within the state of Illinois.
Cellini has served on the boards of Lakeside Bank of Chicago, the Illinois National Bank of Springfield, Roosevelt National Life Insurance Company, Illinois College Board of Trustees, and the Boys & Girls Club of Springfield, Illinois. He was the statewide chairman of the USO, and has appeared on numerous professional panels for the road building industry. In 2007 he received the Bradley University Department of Engineering Outstanding Achievement Award. He is a member of the Lanphier High School Hall of Fame. From 1957 to 1988, Cellini served in the Illinois National Guard and retired under the rank of colonel after 31 years of service. He was convicted on federal corruption charges in 2011.
Early life and family
William Cellini was born in Springfield, Illinois. His family lived and worked in the blue-collar North End of the city. From the 1930s until the 1960s, the neighborhood where he lived was an enclave of Southern and Eastern European families. Most fathers on his block were coal miners or they worked in Springfield's factories. Cellini's father started out as a coal miner until he was 22 when he became a 37-year member of the Springfield Police Department. During Cellini's childhood, his mother took in laundry and worked as a waitress at their family's restaurant.
Cellini was president of his graduating from grade school class, and he attended Lanphier High School in Springfield, graduating in 1952. He was the first member of his immediate family to attend college, earning a degree in physics from Illinois College in 1958. In 1960, he served on faculty at Niantic-Harristown High School in Niantic, Illinois, where he taught physics, algebra and English. To help pay his way through college, Cellini played dances in Central Illinois with his own bands, The Hi-Fis and the Bill Cellini Orchestra. His first professional music job was in 1953.
Cellini married Julianna Cellini, a former reporter. They are the parents of a son and daughter.
Cellini plays piano and had a dance band that played throughout the Midwest from 1953 to 1969. He was elected chairman of the American Federation of Musicians Local 19.
Career
In 1959, Cellini ran for his first public office as police magistrate of Springfield but lost his bid for election. Cellini went on to lose another election for circuit clerk of Sangamon County, Illinois, but eventually won a seat on the Sangamon County Board of Supervisors in 1961. In 1963, he was elected to serve on the Springfield City Council as Commissioner of Public Works. At 28, he was the youngest man ever elected to the Springfield City Council and the youngest to head its public works department. He was re-elected in 1967 having no opposition.
In 1969, Governor Richard B. Ogilvie appointed William Cellini to be the Director of Public Works and Buildings for Illinois. In 1971, he was appointed Illinois' first Secretary of Transportation and directed several thousand employees while administering an annual budget of over a billion dollar dollars in public works programs.
In April 1972, the Illinois State Senate unanimously confirmed Cellini as the first secretary of the newly created Illinois Department of Transportation, putting him in charge of 10,000 employees and a budget of more than $1.5 billion. The election of Democrat Dan Walker as Governor the following year ended Cellini's career in state government.
Beginning in 1974, Cellini embarked on a long and successful career in the private sector. With his business partner Larry Haddad, he co-founded the New Frontier Companies, a full service real estate development firm, and in addition, Cellini became executive director of the Illinois Asphalt Pavement Association.
Cellini remained politically active in the private sector serving as Treasurer of the Sangamon County Republican Central Committee in Springfield. In the mid-1970s, he was appointed by the President of the United States to serve on the National Highway Safety Advisory Committee and in 1976 at the age of 41, Cellini was a delegate to the Republican National Convention in Kansas City, Missouri where from the floor of the convention hall he seconded the nomination of Gerald R. Ford for President by giving a brief speech he wrote on the back of a campaign sign.
In 1977, Cellini and Haddad formed New Frontier Management Corporation, a company that has overseen the management, rent-up and asset management of over 17,000 housing units throughout the United States. In 1985, New Frontier Management opened the President Abraham Lincoln Hotel, in Springfield, Illinois. In 1989 he founded Pacific Management Inc., from which he is now retired. In addition to these business ventures, Cellini took an active role in commercial product design by inventing and patenting two types of Shower Enlarger curtain rods which maximize bathtub showering space and are currently used in many hotels across the United States.
From 1973 to 2010, Cellini served as the executive director of the Illinois Asphalt Pavement Association, the Illinois Association of Wastewater Agencies, the Illinois Concrete Pipe Association and, he held a membership position in the PCI of Illinois and Wisconsin. He has since retired from all of these entities.
Argosy Gaming
In 1990, Cellini and group of ten entrepreneurs created Metro Entertainment and Tourism to obtain the first casino license in Illinois. The group was successful in winning the license and went on to create the Alton Riverboat Gambling Partnership in Alton, Illinois. This partnership included tennis star Jimmy Connors. After an extensive government vetting and qualifying process, Cellini became the co-founder of Argosy Gaming Company in 1999, a New York Stock Exchange traded entity. The company's first gambling license cost the company $85,000 but later blossomed into a value of $500 million with six casinos.
Commonwealth Realty Advisors
In 1989, William Cellini and Earl Deutsch founded Commonwealth Realty Advisors (CRA). The firm was a highly successful real-estate investment company focused on asset management of commercial real estate. Its clients included union and public pension funds and its most successful client was the Teachers Retirement System of Illinois (TRS). According to numbers confirmed by TRS, the retirement system earned a 14.38% return during CRA's 17 year management. So successful was their management of assets that the executive director of TRS publicly commended CRA's performance as one of the pension fund's top-performing real-estate managers. CRA earned double-digit returns for teachers' system over a period of 17 years and grew to manage approximately $2 billion in gross assets before its closure in 2009.
In the fall of 2006, TRS said that Commonwealth was one of the system's biggest moneymakers, earning the pension fund about 20 percent over the previous five years. "They have made a ton of money for us," TRS executive director Jon Bauman told The State Journal-Register at the time. "They're probably our top-performing real-estate manager."
CRA earned double-digit returns for the system and grew to manage approximately $2 billion in gross assets before its closure in 2009 while returning approximately $1 billion in distributions to the fund. TRS officials confirmed that the teachers earned a 14.38% return during CRA's 17 year management.
Legal issues and outcome
In October 2008, Cellini was indicted on charges of conspiring with convicted fundraiser Tony Rezko to obtain money in exchange for campaign contributions to a public official who at the time was believed to be Illinois' Governor Rod Blagojevich. In addition to Cellini and Rezko, Stuart P. Levine and another unnamed co-conspirator were including in the indictment. The indictment described a plan that involved campaign contribution money from the Chicago investment firm Capri Capital through the cooperation of one of its owner, Thomas Rosenberg.
In a separate trial, Tony Rezko was acquitted of similar charges related to an extortion plot involving Rosenberg and Capri Capital.
Cellini's attorney Dan Webb released a statement saying that his client, "is completely innocent of these charges, and he will fight this case because he has done absolutely nothing wrong. Bill has lived an exemplary life as a successful businessman and devoted husband and father, and he will not allow his reputation to be damaged by these unfair and unjust charges. Bill is confident that a jury will find him not guilty.".
In October 2011 in Chicago, prosecution and defense brought forth their cases in a Federal Court presided over by Judge James Zagel. While the prosecution provided an array of evidence against Cellini (mostly relying on Levine's testimony), Levine's credibility was called into question. Described by both sides as having committed crimes including drug use and dealing, Levine had not yet served a single day in prison presumably due to his cooperation with the authorities.
While under questioning by the Assistant U.S. Attorney, Levine gave mostly monotone answers about his past malfeasance while on the board of the Illinois Teachers' Retirement System - TRS. At one point on the stand, Levine became flustered when his cell phone rang and he struggled to silence it.
Under cross-examination Levine's conduct changed. He stalled continuously when recalling his own testimony hours prior. He appeared disoriented, pausing for 10 seconds or longer as the courtroom grew quiet. When the defense asked Levine about the amounts of money he stole , the institutions he cheated, and how he felt about his actions, Levine had no answers.
Thomas Rosenberg was granted immunity in exchange for his testimony after cooperating with the FBI. Prosecutors portrayed Rosenberg as an un-willing participant in the political contribution scheme. This stood in direct contrast to Levine's sworn testimony about Rosenberg's own influence. Yet at times, Rosenberg aided Cellini's case by testifying that Cellini had never asked him to make a political contribution nor asked him for money at any time during their acquaintanceship. "Never in 30 years," Rosenberg said of Cellini. Rosenberg also claimed Levine never wanted money from him.
While prosecutors contended Cellini was at the center of a plot to extort Thomas Rosenberg, the defense countered that Cellini was used by Levine and was made a scapegoat by the government. The prosecution emphasized the FBI-recorded calls between Levine and Cellini and claimed, because Cellini was talking on the phone during the time of the alleged extortion plot, it made him a willing member of the plot. The defense contended that while Cellini talked to Levine, his conversation never delivered an extortion message. "I want you to read every page of this transcript," Webb told jurors. "Cellini does not pass on the extortion message. It's not there."
Evidence in court showed that the government never recorded such a call and that out of all the calls the government recorded, it did not record any whereby Levine allegedly told Cellini to deliver the extortion threat to Rosenberg. "We have no tape recording," Webb said. "We have nothing but Levine's testimony."
Webb also explained Cellini wasn't in meetings when a supposed conspiracy was being planned. "'[He] didn't know what took place during them and would never have received any money as a result of the conspiracy."
On November 1, 2011, the jury found Cellini guilty on two counts.
After the conviction, Dan Webb filed a motion for a mistrial based on the premise a juror showed bias towards the legal system by concealing several felony records during pre-trial questioning. On January 24, 2012, Judge Zagel denied the mistrial request claiming the juror showed no legal evidence of bias.
Judge James Zagel handed-down a sentence of twelve months and one day incarceration. Zagel also commented to the court how in his years on the bench, he'd never seen so many letters written on behalf of a defendant. Zagel also considered Cellini's health as well as the 364 letters he received detailing Cellini's acts of kindness to people who had no way of repaying him, and his many years of service to the community as "a significant mitigating factor" in determining the sentence. Cellini reported to an Indiana Federal Prison in 2013.
Following sentencing, the Jacksonville Journal-Courier exclaimed, "If this conviction is a travesty of the system...if Cellini is caught in a net that was cast one person too wide, it would be a shame for him to not know how the story ends." Following Cellini's release, his lawyers filed a motion for his probationary relief and were subsequently granted the request.
William Cellini retired from the real-estate business and from active political campaigning. He resides in Illinois.
References
People from Springfield, Illinois
American real estate businesspeople
1935 births
Living people
C. cookei may refer to:
Cibicidoides cookei, a foraminiferan in the family Anomalinidae
Collybia cookei, a species of fungus in the family Tricholomataceae, known from Europe, Asia, and North America
Conus cookei, an extinct species of cone snail
Crystallodytes cookei, the South Pacific sandburrower, a fish in the family Creediidae
Lea-Sophie Cramer (born April 16, 1987 in Berlin ) is a German entrepreneur . In 2013 she founded Amorelie together with Sebastian Pollok . Amorelie currently employs 140 people in Berlin and is active in 15 markets. In 2017, the company achieved sales of 56 million euros. On January 1, 2020, she switched to the company's advisory board.
In 2014 she founded the venture capital fund Starstrike Ventures GmbH with other business angels. She is also a member of the board of directors at Conrad Electronic .
Cramer was named a "role model entrepreneur" by the Federal Ministry of Economics and was voted into the Capital "40 under 40" and Forbes "30 under 30" as the leading young entrepreneur in Europe. She is a member of the Young Digital Economy Advisory Board at the Federal Ministry of Economics
Life
Cramer graduated in 2009 her studies in business administration at the University of Mannheim and started as a consultant at the Boston Consulting Group before when Internet GmbH Rocket and the discount coupon site Groupon got in. At Groupon, as Vice President International, she managed the Asian market with 11 countries and 1200 employees.
In 2013, she and Sebastian Pollok founded the e-commerce start-up Amorelie in Berlin, an online shop for love life . Amorelie achieved sales of 56 million euros in 2017. The company employs over 140 people and is active in 15 markets. Together with other business angels , Lea-Sophie Cramer founded Starstrike Ventures GmbH in 2014 in order to pass on her founding experience and to invest in young startups. In the same year she was appointed to the board of directors of Conrad Electronic .
Cramer is a jury member of the second and third season of the Pro7 entertainment show " Das Ding des Jahres ".
Private
Cramer is the mother of two children and lives with her partner in Berlin. .
References
1987 births
Date of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Businesspeople from Berlin
University of Mannheim alumni
Vinotherapy, also written "Vinotherapie", describes a beauty therapy process where the residue of wine making (the pips and pulp) are rubbed into the skin. The pulp is claimed to have exfoliating qualities and to help reduce the signs of ageing.
History
The concept of vinotherapy was expanded by Mathilde and Bertrand Thomas. The French couple learned about the impact of grape seeds from the leading expert on grape and grapevine polyphenols Dr. Vercauteren.
In 1995, Mathilde and Bertrand launched a line of Vinothérapie skincare products made from grape derived ingredients: Caudalie.
Vinotherapie makes use of the grape and the vine extracts to provide skincare treatments, with claimed anti-ageing action. Caudalíe was the first to stabilized and patent the extraction of Grape Seed Polyphenols (OPC), and use them in dermocosmetics.
There is a "Vinothérapie" spa hotel at La Rioja in Spain.
References
External links
Skin care
The World Long Distance Mountain Running Championships (from 2004 up to 2014 the name was World Long Distance Mountain Running Challenge), is an annual international mountain running competition organised by the World Mountain Running Association (WMRA).
The race is a one-day long-distance running contest for both sexes which has individual and national team aspects. The host for the event changes on an annual basis, with the minimum requirements for the challenge being that the course is no longer than in distance, includes an uphill ascent of at least 1.6 km (1 mile), and has a rough duration of between one hour and forty-five minutes and four hours for the elite men. The challenge does not take place on specially-made courses, but rather it is incorporated into pre-existing, traditional races.
The competition was first held in 2004 on a course from Sierre to Zinal. Since its inception, the challenge has been hosted at competitions including the Three Peaks Race in the United Kingdom, Switzerland's Jungfrau Marathon, and the Pikes Peak Marathon in the United States. The event has significant variance in its level of participation: the 2007 race at the Jungfrau Marathon attracted over 4200 runners of fifty nationalities, while at the 2011 of the competition there were 405 runners representing a total of 18 countries.
Editions
Winners
Individual
Men
Women
Team
Men
Women
See also
World Mountain Running Championships
European Mountain Running Championships
Commonwealth Mountain and Ultradistance Running Championships
NACAC Mountain Running Championships
South American Mountain Running Championships
References
External links
Event page at WMRA
Mountain running competitions
Long-distance running competitions
Mountain Running
Recurring sporting events established in 2004
Churchill is an unincorporated community in Renville County, Minnesota, United States.
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Renville County, Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Rhopophilus is a genus of songbirds in the family Paradoxornithidae.
The genus contains two species:
Beijing babbler, Rhopophilus pekinensis
Tarim babbler, Rhopophilus albosuperciliaris
References
Bird genera
Paradoxornithidae
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The HTC S710 (a.k.a. HTC Vox) is a mobile phone manufactured by HTC. As with other HTC models it is often sold carrier branded.
Some highlights include:
Based on the Windows Mobile 6 Standard platform
TI OMAP 850 Performance : 200 MHz Processor from Texas Instrument
Auto-sliding QWERTY keyboard for easier typing
Large 2.4” QVGA TFT LCD (Portrait and Landscape modes)
Receive e-mails as they arrive with Direct Push technology
Improved Calendar functionalities
Windows Live (although not in the Orange version)
Windows Vista synchronization via Windows Mobile Device Center
Availability
available from Orange SA, Vodafone and others. Manufacturing is stopped for this product.
Notes
External links
Linux for the Vox, Vonix wiki page
Official North American website of the HTC S710
HTC Source: a news blog dedicated to HTC devices
Official HTC wiki page for the HTC Vox
Written or audio review of the HTC S710 from IT Week
Beta version review by Mobile-review
Product page of Orange SPV E650 at orange.co.uk
HTC S710 User Manual
S710
Windows Mobile Standard devices
Mobile phones with an integrated hardware keyboard
Evan Hause (born 1967) is an American composer, percussionist and conductor. Hause has composed over one hundred works ranging from rock music to opera.
Biography and career
After growing up in Greenville, North Carolina, he earned the Doctor of Music Arts and Master of Music degrees in composition from the University of Michigan, and the Bachelor of Music degree from the Oberlin Conservatory in composition and percussion, where he was awarded the Herbert Elwell Award. He attended the North Carolina School of the Arts as a percussionist. He studied composition with Sherwood Shaffer, Randolph Coleman, Richard Hoffmann (at the Schoenberg Haus in Moedling, Austria, in an Oberlin abroad program), William Albright, William Bolcom and Leslie Bassett, among others. He has been commissioned by the Albany Symphony Orchestra, Riverside Symphony Orchestra, Pittsburgh New Music Ensemble, Tales & Scales, Alarm Will Sound, and the Carolina Chamber Music Festival. He has been awarded residencies at the MacDowell Colony, Atlantic Center for the Arts, the Aspen Music Festival, June in Buffalo and the Edward Albee "Barn" at Montauk, NY.
Hause has composed over eighty compositions for standard instrumentations, including solo instruments, chamber groups, orchestra, band, chorus, rock band, big band, and opera. He has set to music the poetry of D. H. Lawrence, James Joyce, Hugh Ogden, Adrienne Rich, and himself. He created three chamber operas with the librettist Gary Heidt called "The Defenestration Trilogy" and four "mini-operas" for the Dogs of Desire (a satellite ensemble from the Albany Symphony). He has a catalog of some 80 rock songs, 13 of which were released nationally on the 1998 CD "Adventures of Freddy," an album on which Hause plays and sings all parts. He made two arrangements for the New York-based ensemble, Alarm Will Sound. The first, Aphex Twin's "Omgyjya Switch 7" was performed at the Lincoln Center Festival on July 24, 2005, and was released on Cantaloupe Records on the CD Acoustica. The second, of Edgard Varèse's Poème Électronique, was premiered at Columbia University's Miller Theater on January 20, 2007. As a freelance arranger he has created scores and arrangements for composers George Tsontakis and Paquito D'Rivera.
Hause studied percussion with James Massie Johnson, Jr., Michael Rosen, Michael Udow, and Salvatore Rabbio. After youthful accolades such as being named timpanist of the North Carolina All-State Band and Orchestra, and an award from the Brevard Music Center, he earned the Terry Sanford Scholarship to the University of North Carolina School of the Arts. He has played in the North Carolina, Greensboro, Winston-Salem, Charleston (SC), Flint (MI), Ann Arbor, and Long Island (NY) Symphonies, among others. As a contemporary music percussionist he has played with the Locrian Chamber Players and the S.E.M. Ensemble.
As an electric guitarist he appeared on the Alarm Will Sound CD Acoustica, in performances of his own Concerto for Electric Guitar and Symphony Band with the bands of the Universities of Michigan and Florida, and on the Cadence jazz CD, Tony's Blues with poet Barry Wallenstein and pianist John Hicks. As a pianist he accompanied the off-off-Broadway revival of Mae West's Sex for the Hourglass Group at the Gershwin Theater in New York City (1999–2000).
As an educator, Hause taught percussion at the North Carolina Governor's School West in 1991; theory, composition and percussion at Pittsburg State University in Kansas in from 1996 to 1999; electronic music composition at Drew University; and theory at Concordia College in Bronxville, New York, from 2003 to 2005.
Hause was the general manager for the Edward B. Marks Music Company from 2005 to 2018. In this capacity he oversaw publications by composers William Bolcom, Kenneth Fuchs, and Curtis Curtis-Smith, Roger Sessions, Mario Davidovsky, the Cuban composers Ernesto Lecuona and Gonzalo Roig, and others.
The Defenestration Trilogy
The trilogy consists of : On The Air (2001), originally premiered as The Birth and Theft of Television on March 26–27, 2001 at the Theater for the New City, Nightingale: The Last Days of James Forrestal (2002), premiered May 19-June 4, 2002 at the Present Company Theatorium, and Man: Biology of a Fall (2007), premiered October 4–7, 2007 at Kumble Theater of Long Island University, Brooklyn Campus. Each work sets a libretto by Gary Heidt, employs a cast of approximately 10 singers, and employs an orchestra of 7-15 players.
The Birth and Theft of Television is a fictional interweave of the travails of the two great American inventors, Philo T. Farnsworth (inventor of television) and Edwin H. Armstrong (inventor of F.M.), and their battles against corporate America, consolidated into the personage of David Sarnoff (CEO of RCA), leading up to Armstrong's suicide by self-defenestration in 1954.
Nightingale: The Last Days of James Forrestal is an imagined glimpse into the mind of the first U.S. Secretary of Defense in his final six weeks of life (1949) as he underwent treatment for nervous exhaustion in the 16th floor of the Bethesda Naval Hospital. Among the characters who visit him are Harry Truman, Sidney Souers, his wife Josephine, and Lyndon B. Johnson before Forrestal dies by falling from his window.
Man: Biology of a Fall is a similar glimpse into unknowable events surrounding the last week of life of Frank Olson, a biochemist who is believed to have been murdered in 1953 by defenestration. The backdrop of this opera is Fort Detrick, the CIA's MK-ULTRA mind control program, Greenwich Village, and the Statler Hotel in New York City. Other characters drawn from real persons include Sidney Gottlieb, William Sargant, and George Hunter White.
Major works
Fields (1991), for marimba solo
Concerto for Marimba and Orchestra in One Movement (1994)
The Ship of Death (Symphony No. 1) (1996), for orchestra, chorus, and soloists
Concerto for Electric Guitar and Symphony Band (2000)
Trumpet Concerto (2001), for trumpet and orchestra/band
The Defenestration Trilogy (2000–2007), three chamber operas
Tango Variations (2009), for band
Nassau (2005–2011), for chamber orchestra and vocalists
The Tree Without End (2012), for orchestra
Symphony No. 2 (1997–2016), for orchestra
Melancolia (2016), musique concrète
Plastic Island Pentecost (2018), progressive rock concept album
References
Sources
Dalton, Joseph, "Dogs of Desire Bring Modern Flair", Albany Times Union, March 30, 2007
Johnson, Martin, "Conspiracy Opera is a Hause Specialty", Newsday, June 4, 2004
Kerner, Leighton, "In Review: Nightingale: The Last Days of James Forrestal" Opera News September, 2002
Kessler, Jordan, "Hoses, Power Tools, and Water Cart" (Alarm Will Sound interview), www.popmatters.com, October 3, 2005
Kozinn, Allan, "No Reason They Can't Be Medieval, Too", The New York Times, August 17, 2002
Lockwood, Alan, "Imposing Thirds" The Brooklyn Rail, October, 2007
Midgette, Anne, "Back to a Future Unmade: Glittering, Playful Varèse", The New York Times, January 27, 2007
New York Press, "...a Conspiracy Theory opera...", May 21, 2002
Tommasini, Anthony, "A Contemporary Chamber Group, and That's Exactly What It Means", The New York Times, August 27, 2001
External links
Evan Hause website
Edward B. Marks Music Company website
Evan Hause archival website
Audio and video
Music examples
Defenestration Trilogy and Melancolia Video
"Big Handsome Music" 3/7/09 online audio interview
"Noizepunk & Krooner Show #27" 2/6/08 online audio interview with Evan Hause and Gary Heidt
EVHA Recordings website
1967 births
Living people
American male composers
21st-century American composers
University of Michigan School of Music, Theatre & Dance alumni
Oberlin College alumni
21st-century American male musicians
Vijaya Rajasinha (Sinhala: ශ්‍රී විජය රාජසිංහ, Tamil: விஜய ராஜசின்ஹா; reigned 1739–1747) was a member of the Madurai Nayak Dynasty and succeeded his brother-in-law Vira Narendra Sinha as the King of Kandy.
See also
Mahavamsa
List of monarchs of Sri Lanka
History of Sri Lanka
Sources
Kings & Rulers of Sri Lanka
1747 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Monarchs of Kandy
Vijaya
Vijaya
S
Jim Matthews (Leighton, NSW) was a rugby league footballer who played for the Canterbury Bulldogs, Eastern Suburbs clubs in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) competition.
Matthews, a , played 17 matches for the Canterbury Bankstown side in the years (1962–63) before joining Eastern Suburbs the following season at a time when Easts were experiencing the bleakest period in the club's history, they won just 2 matches in '64, 3 in '65 and were winless in '66. Under new coach, Jack Gibson, Matthews was appointed captain and in a dramatic turn around led Easts to consecutive semi finals. At the end of the 1968 season he left Easts and returned to rural NSW where he played out the remainder of his career in the Illawarra competition.
Said to be a tough and rugged player, the is recognised as Eastern Suburbs 543rd player. Matthews played 70 matches for the Sydney Roosters and scored 138 points, coming from 8 tries, 53 goals and 4 field goals.
References
1938 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs players
Rugby league players from New South Wales
Sydney Roosters captains
Sydney Roosters players
Jan Koukal (born 29 July 1951 in Brno) is a Czech politician.
Biography
After studying theoretical physics at the Charles University in Prague (1969–74) Koukal worked at the Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences, specialising on surface physics.
Jan Koukal has been a member of the Civic Democratic Party (ODS). From 1993 to 1998 he was mayor of Prague and from 1996 to 1998 member of Senate of the Czech Republic. In 2006, after a few months of training at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, he was named ambassador of the Czech Republic in Austria.
External links
Official biography
Arrest by the police for drunk driving
1951 births
Living people
Mayors of Prague
Politicians from Brno
Civic Democratic Party (Czech Republic) Senators
Ambassadors of the Czech Republic to Austria
Civic Democratic Party (Czech Republic) mayors
El Dorado Lake is a reservoir on the Walnut River northeast of El Dorado in the Flint Hills region of Kansas. Built and managed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, it is used for flood control, recreation, and water supply. El Dorado State Park is located on its shore.
History
The Flood Control Act of 1965 authorized construction of El Dorado Lake. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers held groundbreaking ceremonies in September 1973, and construction began the following month. The reservoir became fully operational for flood control June 29, 1981.
Construction of El Dorado Lake incorporated two pre-existing smaller reservoirs: Bluestem Lake and the original El Dorado Lake. The original El Dorado Lake was built on Satchel Creek in 1927 as a water supply for the community of El Dorado. Bluestem Lake was built on Bemis Creek in the 1950s. The dams of both reservoirs were breached during the building of the larger El Dorado Lake and their waters subsequently inundated. The remnants of Bluestem Lake's dam are still visible in the Shady Creek arm of the present-day reservoir.
Geography
El Dorado Lake is located at (37.8472402, -96.8230838) at an elevation of . It lies in the Flint Hills in south-central Kansas. The entirety of the reservoir lies within Butler County.
The reservoir is impounded at its southwestern end by El Dorado Lake Dam. The Walnut River is both the reservoir's primary inflow from the north and outflow to the southwest. Smaller tributaries include: Gilmore Branch and Cole Creek from the north, Durechen Creek from the northeast, and Satchel Creek, Bemis Creek, and Shady Creek from the east.
The Kansas Turnpike (Interstate 35) runs northeast-southwest across the northern end of the lake and then parallel to its northwestern shore. U.S. Route 77 runs north-south west of the reservoir, and U.S. Route 54 runs east-west south of the reservoir. Kansas Highway 177 runs north-south across the lake's eastern arms. Boulder Bluff Road, a paved county road, runs around the dam to the south, connecting with Shady Creek Access Road, another paved county road, which runs east-west immediately south of the reservoir.
The reservoir's namesake, the city of El Dorado, is located just southwest of the dam.
Hydrography
The surface area, surface elevation, and water volume of the reservoir fluctuate based on inflow and local climatic conditions. In terms of capacity, the Corps of Engineers vertically divides the reservoir into a set of pools based on volume and water level, and the reservoir is considered full when filled to the capacity of its conservation pool. When full, El Dorado Lake has a surface area of , a surface elevation of , and a volume of . When filled to maximum capacity, it has a surface area of , a surface elevation of , and a volume of .
The streambed underlying the reservoir has an elevation of .
Infrastructure
El Dorado Lake Dam is a rolled earth-fill embankment dam that stands above the streambed and long. At its crest, the dam has an elevation of . An uncontrolled, spillway is located near the northwest end of the dam. Additional outlet works include an by oval conduit. The estimated peak discharge capacity is .
Management
The Tulsa District of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers manages the dam and reservoir. The Corps has licensed the Kansas Department of Wildlife, Parks and Tourism (KDWP) to develop and manage approximately of land around the reservoir as El Dorado State Park and another of land as the El Dorado Wildlife Area. The KDWP also manages boating on the reservoir surface and local fisheries.
Parks and recreation
El Dorado State Park is divided into four areas spread around the shore of the southern portion of the reservoir: the Bluestem Point Area is located between the reservoir's two eastern arms; the Boulder Bluff Area lies along the western shore; the Shady Creek Area is located on the south shore of the reservoir's southeastern arm; the Walnut River Area lies immediately southwest of the dam. All four areas include boat ramps, camping facilities, and hiking trails. In addition, the Bluestem Point Area hosts a bait shop and a swimming beach, a marina operates in the Shady Creek Area, and the Walnut River Area includes an amphitheater and swimming pond.
El Dorado Lake is open for sport fishing. Hunting is permitted in the El Dorado Wildlife Area as well as on of land in El Dorado State Park.
Wildlife
Fish species resident in El Dorado Lake include blue and channel catfish, rainbow trout, walleye, white bass, white crappie, and wiper. Two invasive species, the white perch and the zebra mussel, live in the lake as well. Game animals living on land around the reservoir include beavers, bobcats, coyotes, deer, doves, pheasants, prairie chickens, quail, rabbits, raccoons, squirrels, and turkeys.
See also
List of Kansas state parks
List of lakes, reservoirs, and dams in Kansas
List of rivers of Kansas
References
External links
Official
El Dorado Lake, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
El Dorado Lake Recreation Areas, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
El Dorado State Park, Kansas Department of Wildlife, Parks and Tourism
El Dorado Wildlife Area, Kansas Department of Wildlife, Parks and Tourism
Maps
Butler County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
`
Reservoirs in Kansas
Protected areas of Butler County, Kansas
Bodies of water of Butler County, Kansas
El Dorado, Kansas
Bandhavgarh National Park is a national park of India, located in the Umaria district of Madhya Pradesh. Bandhavgarh, with an area of , was declared a national park in 1968 and then became Tiger Reserve in 1993. The current core area is spread over .
This park has a large biodiversity. The park has a large breeding population of leopards, and various species of deer. Maharaja Martand Singh of Rewa captured the first white tiger in this region in 1951. This white tiger, Mohan, is now stuffed and on display in the palace of the Maharajas of Rewa. Historically villagers and their cattle have been at a threat from the tiger. Rising mining activities around the park are putting the tigers at risk. The Park derived its name from the most prominent hill of the area which is said to have been given by Lord Rama to his brother Laxman to keep a watch on Lanka The fort was built by Gond Dynasty king. (Bandhav = Brother, Garh = Fort).
Structure
The three main zones of the national park are Tala, Magdhi and Khitauli. Tala is the richest zone in terms of biodiversity, mainly tigers. Altogether, these three ranges comprise the 'Core' of the Bandhavgarh Tiger Reserve constituting a total area of 716 km2.
Fauna
With the tiger at the apex of the food chain, it contains at least 37 species of mammals. According to forest officials, there are more than 250 species of birds, about 80 species of butterflies, a number of reptiles. But many people have the species' list of about 350 birds along with photographs. The richness and tranquity of grasslands invites pairs of sarus cranes to breed in the rainy season.
One of the biggest attractions of this national park is the Bengal tiger (Panthera tigris tigris). Bandhavgarh has a very high density of tigers within its jungles. The 105 km2 of park area open to tourists was reported to have 22 tigers, a density of one tiger for every 4.77 km2. (Population estimation exercise 2001). The population of tigers in the park in 2012 was about 44–49. There is a saying about the Park that goes: "In any other Park, you are lucky if you see a tiger. In Bandhavgarh, you are unlucky if you don't see (at least) one." Bandhavgarh has one of the highest density of tigers known in the world and is home to some well-known tigers which are large. Charger, a tiger so named because of his habit of charging at elephants and tourists (whom he nonetheless did not harm), was the first healthy male known to be living in Bandhavgarh since the 1990s, as well as a female known as Sita. Charger once appeared on the cover of National Geographic and is considered the second most photographed tiger in the world. Almost all the tigers of Bandhavgarh today are descendants of Sita and Charger. Their daughter Joita, sons Langru and B2 also maintained their tradition for frequent sighting and moving close to tourist vehicles. Mohini, another female, became prominent following Sita's death. She mated with the male tiger, Mahaman. She later died of her wounds from a vehicle accident. Charger died in 2000 and his body was buried at Charger Point where he was kept in a closed region at his old age. Between 2003 and 2006, many of his descendants met with a series of unfortunate ends. B1 was electrocuted and B3 was killed by poachers. Sita was killed by poachers too. After the death of Charger, the fully grown B2 survived as the dominant male in the forest between 2004 and 2007. Mating with a female in the Siddhababa region of Bandhavgarh, he became father of three cubs. One of them was a male. He was named Bamera. He was first sighted in 2008 and is now Bandhavgarh's dominant male. In November 2011, B2 died. Postmortem studies suggest that he died a natural death. But some claim that he was injured by the locals from the village in the buffer area. Now, the most prominent tiger in Tala zone of Bandhavgarh National Park is Bamera (died recently). However, of late he has been challenged on several occasions by a new male. Blue Eyes (died recently due to drug overdose) and Mukunda are the dominant males of Magdhi and Khitauli zone respectively. The females who are seen more frequently are Rajbehra, Mirchaini, Banbehi, Mahaman, Sukhi Pattiya and Damdama. There are quite a few cubs also who are either in sub-adult stage or have entered adulthood and are separate now.
The reserve is also densely populated with other species: the gaur or Indian bison (Bos gaurus gaurus), are now extinct or have migrated elsewhere; sambar and barking deer are a common sight, and nilgai are to be seen in the open areas of the park. There have been reports of the Indian wolf (Canis lupus pallipes), striped hyena (Hyaena hyaena hyaena) and the caracal (Caracal caracal schmitzi) the latter being an exclusive open area dweller. The tiger reserve abounds with chital or the spotted deer (Axis axis) which is the main prey animal of the tiger and the Indian leopard (Panthera pardus fusca). The Indian bison were reintroduced from Kanha.
Reintroduction of gaur
Bandhavgarh National Park had a small population of gaur, but due to disease passed from cattle to them, all of them died. The project of reintroduction of gaurs dealt with shifting some gaurs from Kanha National Park to Bandhavgarh. 50 animals were shifted by the winter of 2012. This project was executed by Madhya Pradesh Forest department, Wildlife Institute of India and Taj Safaris by technical collaboration.
Transportation
Bandavgarh National Park is roughly 4.5hrs (~200kms) drive from the nearest major city, Jabalpur. Jabalpur is very well connected to Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune and Indore via air travel.
Bandhavgarh does not have the airport facility for mainstream flights, but Jabalpur city, which is the nearest city to Bandhavgarh, has good air connectivity with major cities of India. Private charters can land near Bandhavgarh National Park, Umaria district also has a small air-strip facility for charter planes. Jabalpur Airport (199 km/04:30hrs) is the best option to reach Bandhavgarh National Park as it is connected to: Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Kolkata, Hyderabad, and Bhopal, with these airline options AirIndia, SpiceJet & IndiGo.
Train
Travel by train is another good option. Travel to Umaria junction by train and hire a cab or taxi to the National Park.
Birds
Some of the typical and peculiar birds found in Bandhavgarh national park are
Plum-headed parakeet
Green-headed barbet
Orange-headed thrush
Brown-headed barbet
Coppersmith barbet
Common myna
Alexandrine parakeet
Indian grey hornbill
Rock pigeon
House crow
Carrion crow
Little egret
Cattle egret
Great egret
Black drongo
Pond heron
Common snipe
Black-winged stilt
Red-wattled lapwing
Indian peafowl
Greater coucal
Oriental magpie robin
Indian roller
Indian robin
Eurasian collared dove
Hoopoe
Sirkeer malkoha
Large-billed crow
White-browed fantail flycatcher
Yellow-crowned woodpecker
Rufous treepie (normal and pallida)
Lesser adjutant stork
Oriental white eye
Olive-backed pipit
Spotted dove
White-throated kingfisher
Red-rumped swallow
Lesser whistling teal
Common kingfisher
Black stork
Asian green bee-eater
Greater racket-tailed drongo
Red-vented bulbul
Long-billed vulture
Grey-capped pygmy woodpecker
Chestnut-shouldered petronia
Crested serpent eagle
Black redstart
Brahminy starling
Brown fish owl
Yellow-footed green pigeon
Malabar pied hornbill
Common kestrel
White-throated fantail flycatcher
Rufous woodpecker
Sapphire flycatcher
Crested hawk eagle (Cirrhatus)
Oriental turtle dove
White-rumped vulture
Lesser kestrel
Large cuckooshrike
Pied bushchat
Black-winged cuckooshrike
Black-rumped flameback woodpecker
House sparrow
Golden oriole
Rose-ringed parakeet
Paddyfield pipit
Dusky crag martin
Long-tailed shrike
Black ibis
White-necked stork
Purple sunbird
Giant leafbird
Tickell's flowerpecker
Little cormorant
Little brown dove
White-tailed swallow
Jungle babbler
Shikra
Jungle myna
Common tailorbird
Red collared dove
Red-necked vulture
Painted francolin
Eurasian thick-knee
Common sandpiper
Lesser spotted eagle
Greater whistling teal
Great cormorant
Pied kingfisher
Laughing dove
Bonelli's eagle
Dark black crow
Asian pied starling
Asian Duck
See also
Arid Forest Research Institute
Indian Council of Forestry Research and Education
References
Aqeel Farooqi: A Tribute to Charger
L.K.Chaudhari & Safi Akhtar Khan: Bandhavgarh-Fort of the Tiger, Wild Atlas Books, Bhopal, 2003
Shahbaz Ahmad: Charger: The Long Living Tiger, Print World, Allahabad, 2001
W.A.Rodgers, H.S.Panwar and V.B.Mathur: Wildlife Protected Area Network in India: A review, Wildlife Institute of India, Dehradun, 2000
Captain J.Forsyth: The Highlands of Central India, Natraj Publishers, Dehradun, 1994.
External links
In tiger territory, A.J.T.Johnsingh and Dhananjai Mohan
Bandhavgarh- Project Tiger
Forest resource use by people in Protected Areas and its implications for biodiversity conservation: The case of Bandhavgarh National Park in India
Wildlife Times: The Central Indian Tiger Pilgrimage - A trip report
Map and details of Bandhavgarh Tiger Reserve in Project Tiger website
Bandhavgarh Tiger Reserve booking website
Tiger reserves of India
National parks in Madhya Pradesh
Protected areas established in 1968
Umaria district
Important Bird Areas of India
Animal reintroduction
Wildlife conservation in India
1968 establishments in Madhya Pradesh
Nina Shipperlee (born 1936) is a female former Welsh international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
Shipperlee won the triples silver medal at the 1997 Atlantic Bowls Championships in Llandrindod Wells.
Five years later, she won the bronze medal in the fours with Gill Miles, Ann Sutherland and Pam John at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester.
Shipperlee won the National pairs title in 1998 and 1999.
She still bowls for the Whitchurch Bowling Club in North Cardiff and in 1988 became the clubs first member to be capped by Wales.
References
Living people
1936 births
Bowls players at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in lawn bowls
Welsh female bowls players
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Wales
Sennen no Yu Koman (千年の湯古まん) is a traditional Japanese inn (ryokan) in Kinosaki, Toyooka city, Hyōgo prefecture, Japan.
Koman was founded in 717. This makes it a long-established business (shinise), the second oldest hotel in Japan and one of the oldest companies in the world.
The ryokan was established by Hiuke Gonnokami (日生下権守) and his descendants founded local bath houses in Kinosaki Onsen. The establishment was passed on for over 46 generations.
The history of the ryokan is based on two historic documents: the Hiuke Family Heirloom Chronicle (Hiuke-shi Kahō Kyūki 日生下氏家宝旧記), which summarizes the history of Kinosaki Onsen, and the Mandala Chronicle (Mandara-ki 曼陀羅記), which describes the creation of the Kinosaki hot spring resort, and the establishment of Mandarayu (曼陀羅湯) hot spring. These documents have been handed down over many generations.
In 708, Hiuke Gonnokami, a descendant of Hiuke family, is said to have had a dream that led to the establishment of the nearby Shisho Shrine (四所神社 (豊岡市). Then in 717, a Buddhist priest named Dōchi Shōnin (道智上人), came to the shrine to pray. He did this for 1,000 days, when he is said to have used his vajra to cause a hot spring miraculously appear.
According to Koman's website, the sacred place where Dōchi Shōnin did his religious practice was called the Mandara Yashiki (曼陀羅屋敷). After that, the name of the residence became Mandara-ya (曼陀羅屋). Mandara-ya changed its name to Komandaraya (古曼陀羅屋) in the Meiji (era) (1868 – 1912) before being re-named as the current Sennen no Yu Koman (千年の湯古まん). The website notes that neighboring Mandarayu Bath (Mandara-yu まんだら湯), 80 meters to the south, is a modern establishment opened after 1868.
Other sources indicate that Mandara-yu (not Mandara-ya) is renowned as one of Kinosaki's very first hot springs. The town of Kinosaki appears in various historical documents that can authenticate its founding to 720 AD.
See also
List of the oldest companies several hundred notably old companies.
References
External links
Official website (Japanese)
Hotels in Japan
8th-century establishments in Japan
Buildings and structures completed in 717
Joel ibn Shu'aib (also "Shuiv") (15th century) was a rabbi, preacher, and commentator who was born in Aragon and lived also at Tudela. He wrote the following works:
Olat Shabbat, sermons, in the order of the Sabbatical sections, written in 1469 (Venice, 1577)
A commentary on Lamentations, written at Tudela in 1480, and published together with Galante's commentary on the same book (ib. 1483)
A commentary on Job, mentioned in his Olat Shabbat
A short commentary on Shir HaShirim (1556)
Nora Tehillot, a commentary on the Psalms, with a preface by his son Samuel (Salonica, 1568–1569).
Jewish Encyclopedia bibliography
David Conforte, Ḳore ha-Dorot, p. 28a;
Giovanni Bernardo De Rossi-C. H. Hamberger, Hist. Wörterb. p. 291;
Moritz Steinschneider, Cat. Bodl. col. 1400;
Dukes, in the Orient, Lit. ix. 302;
Graziadio Nepi-Mordecai Ghirondi, Toledot Gedole Yisrael, p. 162.
References
15th-century Aragonese rabbis
15th-century Jewish biblical scholars
The International Association of Transport and Communication Museums (IATM) is a world-wide membership organisation of museums which collect, interpret and make public material and information about transport and/or communication. Transport includes cars, buses, planes, railways, trams, horse carriages and other modes. Communication includes postal services and stamps, telegraph, radio, television and other methods.
IATM is a recognised component of the International Council of Museums (ICOM).
Museums or individuals who are members of IATM are part of a network with publications, professional training, conferences and benefits such as free or reduced entry to each other's museums, and ICOM museums.
In 2009 the Association's conference will be in June in Nurnberg and Dresden.
External links
Association home page
Museum associations and consortia
Greenbacks were emergency paper currency issued by the United States during the American Civil War that were printed in green on the back. They were in two forms: Demand Notes, issued in 1861–1862, and United States Notes, issued in 1862–1865. A form of fiat money, the notes were legal tender for most purposes and carried varying promises of eventual payment in coin, but were not backed by existing gold or silver reserves.
History
Background
Before the Civil War, the United States used gold and silver coins as its official currency. Paper currency in the form of banknotes was issued by privately-owned banks, the notes being redeemable for specie at the bank's office. Such notes had value only if the bank could be counted on to redeem them; if a bank failed, its notes became worthless. The federal government sometimes issued Treasury Notes to borrow money during periods of economic distress, but proposals for a federal paper currency were politically contentious and recalled the experience of the Continental dollars issued during the American Revolution. These were nominally payable in silver, but rapidly depreciated due to British counterfeiting and the Continental Congress's difficulty in collecting money from the states.
The Buchanan administration had run chronic deficits as the country weathered the Panic of 1857. The southern secession movement worsened the situation, as the government lost substantial tax revenue. It continued to operate during the presidential transition on private bank loans at rates up to 12 percent, with some banks asking as much as 36. Salmon P. Chase, as the Treasury secretary of the incoming Lincoln administration, found the banks more receptive but struggled to keep enough coins in the Treasury to meet expenditures.
Demand Notes
The first measure to finance the war occurred in July 1861, when Congress authorized $50,000,000 in Demand Notes. They bore no interest but could be redeemed for specie "on demand." They were not legal tender before March 1862 but, like Treasury Notes, could be used to pay customs duties. Unlike state and some private banknotes, Demand Notes were printed on both sides. The reverse side was printed in green ink, so Demand Notes were dubbed "greenbacks." Initially, they were discounted relative to gold, but being fully redeemable in gold, they were soon at par. In December 1861, the government had to suspend redemption, and the Demand Notes declined. Chase authorized paying interest on Demand Notes, which sustained their value.
The later United States Notes could not be used to pay customs duties or interest on the public debt, which could be paid only by gold and Demand Notes. Importers, therefore, continued to use Demand Notes in place of gold. In March 1862, Demand Notes were made legal tender. As Demand Notes were used to pay duties, they were taken out of circulation. By mid-1863, about 95% were gone.
United States Notes
The number of Demand Notes issued was far insufficient to meet the war expenses of the government but even so was not supportable.
The solution came from Colonel "Dick" Taylor, an Illinois businessman who was serving as a volunteer officer. Taylor met with Lincoln in January 1862 and suggested issuing unbacked paper money. Issuing unbacked paper money was not an idea that Lincoln really liked, but there was mounting pressure in Congress to do something. The government could either print its own money or go into deep perpetual debt to foreign creditors. That made President quickly endorse Taylor's proposal. On February 25, 1862, Congress passed the first Legal Tender Act, which authorized the issuance of $150 million in United States Notes.
Since the reverse of the notes was printed with green ink, they were called "greenbacks" by the public and considered to be equivalent to the Demand Notes, which were already known as such. The United States Notes were issued by the United States to pay for labor and goods.
Earlier, Secretary Chase had the slogan "In God We Trust" engraved on U.S. coins. During a cabinet meeting, there was some discussion of adding it to the U.S. Notes as well. Lincoln, however, humorously remarked, "If you are going to put a legend on the greenbacks, I would suggest that of Peter and Paul, 'Silver and gold I have none, but such as I have I give to thee.
California and Oregon defied the Legal Tender Act. Gold was more available on the West Coast, and merchants in those states did not want to accept U.S. Notes at face value. They blacklisted people who tried to use them at face value. California banks would not accept greenbacks for deposit, and the state would not accept them for payment of taxes. Both states ruled that greenbacks were a violation of their state constitutions.
As the government issued hundreds of millions in greenbacks, their value against gold declined. The decline was substantial, but was nothing like the collapse of the continental dollar.
In 1862, the greenback declined against gold until by December, gold had become at a 29% premium. By spring of 1863, the greenback declined further, to 152 against 100 dollars in gold. However, after the Union victory at Gettysburg, the greenback recovered to 131 dollars to 100 in gold. In 1864, it declined again, as Grant was making little progress against Lee, who held strong in Richmond throughout most of the war. The greenback's low point came in July that year, with 258 greenbacks equal to 100 gold. When the war ended in April 1865 the greenback made another remarkable recovery to 150. The recovery began when Congress limited the total issue of greenback dollars to $450 million. The greenbacks rose in value until December 1878, when they became on par with gold. Greenbacks then became freely convertible into gold.
Complete set of 1862–63 greenbacks
See also
Early American currency
Promissory note
Notes
References
Sources
Vol.I Vol.II
Vol.I Vol.II
Further reading
1861 establishments in the United States
1865 disestablishments in the United States
Currencies introduced in 1861
Historical currencies of the United States
Economic history of the American Civil War
Paper money of the United States
Banknotes of the United States
Mekor Baruch (, lit., "blessed source" or "fountain of blessing") also spelled Makor Baruch, is a neighborhood in Jerusalem. The neighborhood is bordered by Malkhei Yisrael Street to the north, Sarei Yisrael Street to the west, Jaffa Road to the south, and the Zikhron Moshe neighborhood to the east.
History
Mekor Baruch was founded in 1924 on land purchased from the Schneller Orphanage by the Jerusalem-American Land Company, a consortium of Jerusalem and American investors. The name of the neighborhood was based on the words Yehi mekorkha baruch ("Let your fountain be blessed") in Proverbs 5:18. Differing sources place the beneficiary of the name as Boris (Baruch) Hershenov, one of the investors, or Baruch Aharanoff, an American philanthropist. The consortium mapped out 207 lots, but due to the economic downturn of 1927–1930, construction did not get underway until the 1930s, by which time the consortium had been liquidated.
To the southeast lay an adjacent neighborhood called Ruchama, founded in 1921. This neighborhood was absorbed into Mekor Baruch after 1948.
Geography
Mekor Baruch is located above sea level. The area lies at the head of the Ben-Hinnom Valley, a -long valley that winds down Jaffa Road to Independence Park and Mamilla Pool until it intersects with the Kidron Valley.
The main street of the neighborhood is Rashi Street. In the northwest quadrant, a group of streets is named after heroes of the Hanukkah story, Yehuda Hamaccabee, Shimon Hamaccabee, and Elazar Hamaccabee; these streets intersect HaHashmonaim (The Hasmoneans) Street.
Demographics
Before 1948, Mekor Baruch was considered upscale and was home to Eastern European Labor Party members and Holocaust survivors. In a 1938 census, the population was recorded at 2,500. After the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, large numbers of Jewish refugees from Eastern lands moved into the area and the buildings became rundown. In the 1960s, Haredi Jews began to move into the neighborhood. Today the neighborhood is Haredi, with a mix of Ashkenazi and Sephardi residents.
In a 2010 real estate report, Mekor Baruch logged a 26 percent increase in home prices, the largest increase in the city, with sales of three-room apartments averaging US $384,000 (NIS 1.5 million). The increase was said to be influenced by the influx of "social centers" to the neighborhood.
Health care
The neighborhood houses clinics for three out of the four Israeli health maintenance organizations: Clalit, Meuhedet, and Leumit. The Clalit clinic is part of the Mekor Baruch Health Clinic, a three-story medical center that includes an emergency room and operating theaters. The Meuhedet clinic on Haturim Street occupies one of Meuhedet's main offices in Jerusalem.
Industrial zone
Mekor Baruch is the site of an aging yet active industrial zone bordered by Yehuda Hamaccabee Street, Rashi Street, and Gesher Hachaim Street. Built in the 1950s by the Jerusalem Economic Corporation, the multi-story complex is home to about 40 companies engaged in light industry, including manufacturers of diamonds, pencils, and Judaica, the MA'AS Rehabilitation Center and Sheltered Workshop, and printing establishments, including the Hebrew language Hamodia daily newspaper.
Education
Yeshivas
Hashalom Yeshiva
Hazon Yeshaya Institutions - Yeshiva and Kollel
Mayanot Institute of Jewish Studies (men's campus), a Chabad yeshiva
Ohr Shmuel Yeshiva
Rinat HaTorah Yeshiva
Sfas Emes Yeshiva, founded in 1925, with an adjacent ohel containing the graves of the Imrei Emes and Pnei Menachem
Shaar Hashamayim Yeshiva, a Kabbalah yeshiva founded in 1906 and currently headed by Rabbi Gamliel Rabinowitz
Yakirei Yisrael Yeshiva
Ruzhin Yeshiva, combined with the main synagogue of chassidut Boyan.
Ateret Shlomo Yeshiva
Yeshivat haMekubalim and the Beit El Synagogue on Rashi Street
Schools
Bais Yaakov Seminary
Mesoras Rachel Seminary
Talmud Torah Hamesorah, formerly the Zionist Tachkemoni School founded here in 1929
Landmarks
IDF Jerusalem Recruiting Center
Prima Palace Hotel (formerly Central Hotel)
Hazon Yeshaya Humanitarian Network - food support, dental care, vocational training, now managed by Carmei Ha'Ir.
Miklat l'Omanut art studio and gallery
Notable residents
Solomon Eliezer Alfandari, former Chief Rabbi of Damascus. The street on which he lived his last years is named after him
Nachum Dov Brayer, the Boyaner Rebbe
Amos Oz
Yitzhak Navon
Cultural references
Much of the action in Amos Oz's novel My Michael takes place in Mekor Baruch.
References
External links
Aerial street map of Mekor Baruch
"Jerusalem – Secular Jews Tour a Foreign Culture: Hareidi Jews" Vosizneias, 14 December 2010
Neighbourhoods of Jerusalem
Velvet Glove is a Canadian air-to-air missile system.
Velvet Glove may also refer to:
Sam Maceo (1894-1951), sometimes known as the "Velvet Glove", an organized crime boss in Galveston, Texas
Velvet Glove, a 1977 television play by Andrew Davies
The Velvet Glove, a 1909 story by Henry James
"The Velvet Glove", a short story by Harry Harrison, included in his 1962 collection War with the Robots
John Griffith Wray (August 30, 1881 – July 15, 1929) was an American stage actor and director who later became a noted Hollywood silent film director. He worked on 19 films between 1913 and 1929 that included Anna Christie (1923) and Human Wreckage (1923), Dorothy Davenport's story about her husband Wallace Reid's drug addiction and death.
Biography
Wray was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and died in Los Angeles, California. By 1912 Wray was a leading actor and stage director with the World's Fair Stock Company's yearlong Hawaiian tour. He married actress Virginia Brissac in Santa Ana, California, on June 29, 1915, and became the step-father of screenwriter Ardel Wray. The couple divorced in 1927. In October 1928, less than a year before his death, Wray married Bradley King, a Hollywood screenwriter.
Selected filmography
The Shark God (1913 film)
Homespun Folks (1920)
Lying Lips (1921)
Beau Revel (1921)
Hail the Woman (1921)
Human Wreckage (1923)
Soul of the Beast (1923)
What a Wife Learned (1923)
Her Reputation (1923)
Anna Christie (1923)
The Marriage Cheat (1924)
The Winding Stair (1925)
Hell's Four A Hundred (1926)
The Gilded Butterfly (1926)
Singed (1927)
The Gateway of the Moon (1928)
The Careless Age (1929)
A Most Immoral Lady (1929)
The Sap from Syracuse (1930)
References
External links
findagrave.com
1881 births
1929 deaths
Silent film directors
Male actors from Minneapolis
Film directors from Minnesota
The Buttes New British Cemetery (New Zealand) Memorial is a World War I memorial, located in Buttes New British Cemetery, near the town of Zonnebeke, Belgium. It commemorates 378 officers and men of the New Zealand Division who were killed in the vicinity and have no known grave.
History
The Polygon Wood Sector was part of the Ypres Salient and the scene of heavy fighting for most of the war. It was originally held by the Allied forces but lost to the Germans in 1915. It was recaptured in September 1917 by the Australian 5th Division. After the First Battle of Passchendaele (12 October), soldiers of the New Zealand Division wintered in the area until February 1918, when they were sent to a rest area, before being transferred to the Somme during the German spring offensive. Consequently, many of those killed in action or who died of their wounds during this period were buried in the vicinity. After the war, over 2,000 of the Allied soldiers buried around Polygon Wood in wartime graves were re-interred in Buttes New British Cemetery, located in the north-eastern corner of Polygon Wood.
The Memorial
The New Zealand Memorial to the Missing, designed by the English architect Charles Holden, lists 378 officers and men of the New Zealand Division with no known grave who were killed between September 1917 and May 1918 while serving in the Polygon Wood Sector or in the Battle of Polygon Wood. Most of those commemorated were from the Otago Regiment.
It is one of seven such memorials on the Western Front to the missing dead from New Zealand. There are three in Belgium: Buttes plus Messines Ridge British Cemetery and Tyne Cot and four in France: Caterpillar Valley Cemetery (in Longueval), Grévillers, Cité Bonjean (near Armentières) and Marfaux.
Other memorials and cemeteries in the area, related to the Battle of Polygon Wood, are a memorial to the Australian 5th Division and the Polygon Wood Cemetery.
Notes
References
External links
Commonwealth War Graves Commission details of the Memorial
New Zealand Memorial Polygon Wood (Belgian heritage register)
Catalogue entry for the Memorial register (National Library of Australia)
Photograph of the memorial (CWGC)
YouTube video of Polygon Wood
British military memorials and cemeteries
Commonwealth War Graves Commission memorials
World War I memorials in Belgium
World War I cemeteries in Belgium
New Zealand military memorials and cemeteries
Charles Holden buildings
Vince Nagy de Losonc (4 March 1886, Szatmárnémeti (Satu Mare) – 1 June 1964, New York City) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Interior Minister between 1918 and 1919 during the Hungarian Democratic Republic. After the establishment of the Hungarian Soviet Republic, he returned to Szatmárnémeti, where the occupying Romanian Army imprisoned him for 9 months. From 1922, he was a lawyer. From 1928, he was the chairman of the Independence Party. After the German occupation (March 21, 1944) Nagy had to escape because of his anti-Nazi views. After the Second World War, he rejected the cooperation with the Hungarian Communist Party (as a Smallholders Party member), that is why he was excluded with 18 other members from the party.
From 1948, he lived in the United States. He took part in Hungarian emigrant politics; among other positions, he was an advisor at the Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty.
Works
Szálasi és társai a vádlottak padján
References
Magyar Életrajzi Lexikon
Markó László: Ki kicsoda a magyar történelemben, Helikon, 2005
1886 births
1965 deaths
People from Satu Mare
Hungarian Interior Ministers
Hungarian people of the Hungarian–Romanian War
Hungarian prisoners of war
Prisoners of war held by Romania
Hungarian–Romanian War prisoners of war
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (1945–1947)
Hungarian emigrants to the United States
Lancelot Machattie "Mac" Smith (c. 1885 - March 1956) was a rugby union player who represented Australia.
Smith, a centre, was born in Bathurst, New South Wales and claimed one international rugby cap for Australia, playing against New Zealand, at Dunedin, on 2 September 1905.
References
Australian rugby union players
Australia international rugby union players
1880s births
Year of birth uncertain
1956 deaths
Rugby union players from New South Wales
Rugby union centres
Ayeneh taudani, or mirror-throwing, is one of the Nowruz traditions in northern regions of Iran. In the last days of Esfand, the last month in the Jalali calendar, a host of the youth gather together and contribute in making a double-face square mirror decorated and framed by primroses, violets, and green sticks of Shamshad. The party waits for the night to come and after dinner time they the mirror to a long piece of rope. Then all of the party goes to the neighborhood and throws the mirror, which is very well-cushioned by flowers and plants, through the intendedly left-ajar door into the middle of the house with a bunch of flowers. A member of the house brings back the mirror to the party and gifts them with comfits, halva and other food stuff especially prepared for Nowruz.
References
Society of Iran
Patrick Martin "Patsy" Flannelly (7 November 1909 – 14 October 1939) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a midfielder at senior level for the Mayo county team.
Flannelly joined the team during the 1932 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his death following the conclusion of the 1939 championship. During that time he won one All-Ireland medal, five Connacht medals and six National League medals.
Flannelly experienced a successful club career with Castlebar Mitchels, winning four county championship medals.
References
1909 births
1939 deaths
Castlebar Mitchels Gaelic footballers
Connacht inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
Irish butchers
Mayo inter-county Gaelic footballers
People from Castlebar
Winners of one All-Ireland medal (Gaelic football)
Roy Reid (21 December 1937 – 10 January 2009) was a Jamaican painter active from 1968 to 2009. He was best known for his paintings depicting the Jamaican people and dress and those with themes of devastation such as fires, which often have moral and spiritual meaning.
Biography
Born in Portland, Jamaica, Reid was born to farming parents but dropped out of school at the age of 11 because he couldn't read, only learning later at the age of 34 by reading the bible. He later moved to Kingston to pursue a career.
Reid was regarded in his native country as one of the important figures among Jamaican 'intuitive' artists, generally those who are outsiders of the main schools of artistic activity and social circles on the island, especially as he was self-taught. Reid has made many notable exhibitions of his artwork, the Self Taught Artist Exhibition at the Institute of Jamaica in 1971, Eight Jamaican Primitives in Havana, Cuba in 1976; The Intuitive Eye at the National Gallery of Jamaica in 1979, the Jamaican Intuitives in Wolverhampton, England and a Caribbean exhibition at the Un Nouveau Regard sur Les Caribes at Courbevoie, France in 1992. As from the National Gallery, in Jamaica he has given various exhibitions at Makonde Gallery, Pegasus Hotel in 1981, Bolivar Gallery in 1982 and the Mutual Life Gallery in 1987.
Reid also exhibited his artwork at the annual national exhibition of the National Gallery between December 2000 to February 2001, displaying his paintings The Unforgettable Defenceless Street People Removal and Everyone has a Cross to Bear.
Reid was also a credited author of art books and magazines, including Modern Jamaican Art, Art Today and the magazine Revue Noire.
In April 2005, Reid's art studio and several rooms of his house in Grass Quit Glades, Kingston were gutted by fire.
Death
Reid was found dead in the workshop of his St. Andrew home by his wife Mabel Reid on the morning of 10 January 2009. At the time, Reid was said to be suffering from prostate cancer, an enlarged heart and diabetes.
References
1937 births
2009 deaths
20th-century Jamaican painters
Blackpool is a seaside town and unitary authority situated on The Fylde coast in Lancashire, England. This list includes the listed buildings in Blackpool and Bispham, a village within the borough of Blackpool. One is classified by English Heritage as being in Grade I and five in Grade II*. In the United Kingdom, the term "listed building" refers to a building or other structure officially designated as being of special architectural, historical or cultural significance. These buildings are in three grades: Grade I consists of buildings of outstanding architectural or historical interest; Grade II* includes particularly significant buildings of more than local interest; Grade II consists of buildings of special architectural or historical interest. Buildings in England are listed by the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport on recommendations provided by English Heritage, which also determines the grading.
Key
Listed buildings
See also
Listed buildings in Lancashire
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
Listed
Blackpool
Vasates is a genus of mites in the family Eriophyidae, which cause galls on the leaves of trees, including the following species:
Vasates aceriscrumena (Riley & Vasey, 1870)
Vasates quadripedes (Shimer, 1869)
References
Eriophyidae
Trombidiformes genera
Taxa named by Henry Shimer
The A-1 motorway, otherwise known as the Bar-Boljare motorway (Montenegrin: Auto-put Bar — Boljare), is a motorway in Montenegro.
It is part of the larger international project between Montenegro and Serbia that connects to the Belgrade–Bar motorway in Serbia. The motorway will connect Belgrade with Podgorica and the harbour city of Bar, Montenegro's main seaport.
Italy, Montenegro and Serbia are lobbying to list the route as one of the Pan-European corridors, and it is frequently referred to as part of proposed Corridor XI, or 4B - an envisioned ferry/motorway corridor linking Bari, Bar, Belgrade and Bucharest.
The road's construction began on May 11, 2015.
The motorway was opened on July 13, 2022. The part which was opened is between Smokovac and Mateševo.
Route description
The motorway is to be built in three phases:
(Bar) Đurmani - Sozina tunnel - Virpazar - Bistrica - Šteke - Ćafa - Tološko polje - (Podgorica) Smokovac - this is the southernmost section of the motorway, that will link the Montenegrin capital of Podgorica with the main Montenegrin seaport in Bar. Potential investors, such as EBRD and EIB, were suggesting that this section should be built first, as it will likely have the biggest traffic volume following completion. The planned length of this section is 51km.
(Podgorica) Smokovac - Bioče - Pelev Brijeg - Lijeva Rijeka - Veruša - Mateševo - this middle section of the motorway has been started first, because of its significance as a link between Podgorica and northern Montenegro. The current road link (E65 and E80), carved into the Morača canyon, is a curvy mountainous road, which is very dangerous during the winter, and is a bottleneck in Montenego's road network. Thus, building this section first is a requirement in bidding documents presented by the Montenegrin government. This section will have a length of 41km, and is by far the most expensive section of the motorway, with a cost per kilometer estimated at over 20 million EUR.
Mateševo - Andrijevica - Berane - Crnča - Boljare - Border with Serbia - this northernmost section of the motorway is likely to be completed only after progress is made on the Serbian section of the motorway south of Požega. The planned length of this section is 73km.
History
In October 2008 the Ministry of Sustainable Development and Tourism proposed a Detailed Zoning Plan of the Bar-Boljare Motorway. Before this, a small part of the first section was already built. On July 13, 2005, Montenegro's national day, the Sozina tunnel was opened. Together with the associated road north of the tunnel, it will eventually become a part of the motorway, after a second parallel road and tunnel is built.
The middle section of the motorway was made a priority by the government of Montenegro, and it was decided that this section would be built first. Tenders were invited to build this section. The bids were reviewed in March 2009, and the top bid came from the Croatian consortium, led by the Konstruktor company. Contracts were signed and the beginning of construction works was announced in June 2009. The official copening ceremony took place on October 15, 2009, in the village of Gornje Mrke north of Podgorica, attended by the then Prime Ministers of Montenegro (Milo Đukanović), Serbia (Mirko Cvetković) and Croatia (Jadranka Kosor). However the Croatian consortium failed to provide necessary bank guarantees on time, so the contract was cancelled eight months later.
The second best rated bidder, a consortium of the Greek company Aktor and the Israeli company Shikun & Binui was called in for negotiations by the government. After negotiations, it was agreed that Aktor/HCH consortium would build the two southern sections of the motorway for a price of 1.575 billion euro. The third and the northernmost section, from Mateševo to Boljare (border with Serbia), as well as the small strip across Lake Skadar, were to be the subject of further negotiations. However, the Greek-Israeli consortium also failed to provide bank guarantees, so the negotiations between the consortium and the government of Montenegro were ended in December 2010.
The Government of Montenegro began to explore financing options for motorway construction, including negotiations with Chinese investors. The possibility of China Road and Bridge Group and China Poly Group Corporation building the road, with the financial backing of Exim Bank of China, was explored. In January 2011, the Montenegrin Minister of Transport sent an official letter of invitation to the Poly Group.
In April 2013 discussions were still under way between the Montenegrin government and Chinese parties and an offer of US$1bn of financing by EXIM bank and the selection of a preferred construction consortium was announced in July 2013.
In December 2014 negotiations with Chinese partners successfully concluded.
In May 2015 work started on the first section in Montenegro, Smokovac-Uvač-Mateševo, expected to finish within 48 months.
Current status
As of June 2018, the only built part of the motorway is the Sozina tunnel and the associated road immediately north of it. Currently, this part stands as a single carriageway with two lanes, with a second carriageway planned to be built.
The section between Smokovac near Podgorica and Mateševo near Kolašin is finished, and it is Montenegro's first full motorway section. Initially, construction was expected to be finished in May 2019. Later this was revised, and it has been opened in July 2022.
The pillars of the Moračica bridge, the tallest bridge on the motorway, were finished in October 2017. The right tube of Klopot Tunnel is the first tunnel that was excavated on motorway on August 25, 2017. In 2017, tunnels Jabučki Krš (1370 m and 1430 m), Mrke (829 m and 800 m) and Vilac (815 m and 950 m) were also excavated.
In 2018, tunnels Mrki Krš (700 m each tube), Mala Trava (1900 m and 1884 m), Suka (600 m each tube) and Vežešnik (2474 m and 2414 m) were excavated. Longest tunnel in middle section of motorway, Vjeternik Tunnel (3039 m and 2852 m) was excavated on July 9, 2018.
References
Roads in Montenegro
Proposed roads
Proposed transport infrastructure in Montenegro
Helen Wright (born Helen Boyd) was an American character actress who appeared on the stage and screen during Hollywood's silent era. She spent most of her career under contract at Universal.
Selected filmography
The Mistress of Shenstone (1921)
That Something (1920)
The Speed Maniac (1919)
The Brass Bullet (1918)
Her One Mistake (1918)
The Lash of Power (1917)
Sirens of the Sea (1917)
Triumph (1917)
The Lash of Power (1917)
The Car of Chance (1917)
A Doll's House (1917)
The Field of Honor (1917)
Polly Redhead (1917)
A Stranger from Somewhere (1916)
The Morals of Hilda (1916)
Is Any Girl Safe? (1916)
Heartaches (1916)
The Scarlet Sin (1915)
Heritage (1915)
Under the Crescent (1915)
The Black Box (1915)
Damon and Pythias (1914)
References
American film actresses
Actresses from Saint Paul, Minnesota
1868 births
1928 deaths
Uncial 056 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), O7 (von Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 10th century.
Description
The codex contains a complete text of the Acts of Apostles, General epistles, and Pauline epistles with a commentary much like Oecumenius, and a catena of various Fathers, on 381 parchment leaves (29.8 cm by 23.3 cm). The text is written in one column per page, 40 lines per page in uncial letters. It contains Prolegomena.
It contains also a Life of St. Longinus on two leaves. F. H. A. Scrivener classified it as a minuscule (16a and 19p).
Text
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type, with the strong the Alexandrian element in General epistles (about 20%). Aland placed it in Category V. Uncial 0142 was probably the ancestor of the codex 056.
It lacks verse Acts 8:37.
In Acts 20:15 it reads και μειναντες εν Στρογγυλιω along with 0142.
History
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 10th century.
The manuscript formerly belonged to the monastery of St. Athanasius on Athos. It was examined by Montfaucon, Wettstein, Tischendorf, and C. R. Gregory (1885).
The codex is located in Bibliothèque nationale de France, in Paris, as a part of Fonds Coislin (Coislin Gr. 26).
See also
List of New Testament uncials
Textual criticism
References
Further reading
Bernard de Montfaucon, Bibliotheca Coisliniana olim Segueriana, Paris: Ludovicus Guerin & Carolus Robustel, 1715.
Constantin von Tischendorf, Monumenta sacra (Leipzig: 1846), no. 8.
External links
Codex 056 at the Encyclopedia of Textual Criticism
Greek New Testament uncials
10th-century biblical manuscripts
Fonds Coislin
Zulamith Maria Wellander-Svaneskog (2 April 1857 – 27 February 1919) was a Swedish operatic mezzo-soprano who performed at the Royal Theatre in Stockholm from 1877 to 1889, also taking engagements in Augsburg, Berlin, Kassel and Copenhagen during the same period. On retiring from the stage, she became a voice teacher in Stockholm.
Biography
Born in Härnösand, Wellander moved to Stockholm when she was 15 to study music with support from Lilly Bächström. She completed her education abroad in 1879 under Lilli Lehmann (1848–1929) and Mathilde Marchesi (1821–1913).
After returning to Sweden after performing in various opera used in Germany, she performed at the Royal Theatre from 1885 to 1888. Her roles included Ortrud in Lohengrin, Bergadrottningen in Den bergtagna, Martha in Faust and Asuzena in Il trovatore.
On retirement from the stage, Zulamith Wellander worked as a voice teacher in Stockholm where she died on 27 February 1919.
References
19th-century Swedish opera singers
19th-century Swedish women opera singers
Swedish operatic mezzo-sopranos
1857 births
1919 deaths
Singers from Stockholm
Ilyobacter insuetus is a mesophilic and anaerobic bacterium from the genus of Ilyobacter which has been isolated from marine anoxic sediments from Venice in Italy.
References
Fusobacteriota
Bacteria described in 2002
Frow or FROW may refer to:
Froe, tool for cleaving wood by splitting it along the grain
John Frow, Australian professor of English
Toby Frow, director of 2007 BBC radio play 20 Cigarettes
Foundation for Recognition of Ontario Wildlife, Canadian non-governmental organisation
Johann Andreas Cramer (14 December 1710 – 6 December 1777) was a German metallurgist and chemist who published some of the early ideas on metallurgy and chemistry in his books which included Elementa Artis Docimasticae (1741).
Cramer was born in Quedlinburg where his father was a businessman involved in the iron ore industry. As a child he travelled to mines in the Harz region along with his father and after the death of his father he was taken care of by his brother-in-law Christian George Schwalbe (1691-1791). Schwalbe was a physician with a circle of acquaintances who included chemists and botanists including Linnaeus. Cramer studied law for a semester at Hamburg before moving to Halle to study medicine in 1726. His teachers included George Ernst Stahl (1659-1734). He did not complete his medical studies and took an interest mainly in the chemistry subjects and them moved back to study law while attending chemistry courses at Halle by Juncker and Peter Gericke (1693–1750). He graduated and worked as a lawyer in Blankenburg, but continued to work on metallurgy. He moved to Helmstedt in 1734 and attended chemistry courses by Gericke. He also set up a laboratory at home began to train in assaying. He became acquainted with Gottfried Jacob Jänisch (1707–1781) who helped Cramer to move to Leiden where he also had a friend in Carl Linnaeus. Cramer moved to Leiden and met with several scholars in a "society of gentlemen" including Jan Frederik Gronovius, Linnaeus, Herman Boerhaave, Gerard van Swieten (1700–1772), and Isaac Lawson (1704–1747). Lawson hired Cramer for his laboratory and helped in the writing of Elementa Artis Docimasticae published first in 1741.
Cramer used the idea of "menstrua", an idea of a substance that he defined as ".. which being applied to others according to certain Rules, dissolve them so as to adhere themselves in a State of Division to the Particles of the Body dissolved, and cannot separate from them again of their own accord." These included what are now called fluxes including lead and arsenic.
Cramer died at Berggieshübel near Dresden.
References
External links
Elementa Artis Docimasticae
1710 births
1777 deaths
German metallurgists
The International Association of Language Centres was founded in 1983 as a non-profit organization to accredit and represent independent language schools teaching the official language of their country.
There are currently 118 IALC accredited schools in 21 countries worldwide: Argentina, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Ecuador, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Malta, New Zealand, Portugal, Russia, South Africa, Spain, United Kingdom, USA. The 9 languages taught by IALC schools are: Chinese (Mandarin), English, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Portuguese, Russian and Spanish.
Since their creation in 1983, IALC have been cementing their reputation as an essential business forum for independently operated language teaching institutions.
The IALC Accreditation
All IALC language schools are inspected prior to joining the association, then they are inspected as part of the Quality Audit every four years, and continuously monitored. Not only does it insist that all member schools are inspected by relevant national accreditation schemes, it also runs its own inspections as part of a thorough quality assurance process. The IALC Code of Ethics is one of the standards that member language schools have to comply with. The IALC Quality Scheme ensures all standards are met and exceeded.
IALC Workshop
The Annual IALC Workshop gathers decision makers from the language travel industry: IALC member schools, and educations agents. It is hosted each year by one of IALC's members and is sponsored by IALC schools and by exhibitors working with the language travel industry. It follows IALC's Annual General Meeting and features seminars, two days of one to one business appointments, and three major evening events: the Welcome Reception, the School Party and the Gala Dinner.
The IALC Workshop is known in the language travel industry as an "essential business forum for independently-operated language teaching institutions". The next IALC Workshop will be held in Seville, Spain. Rhere will be over 4000 pre-scheduled educator and agent appointments, plus many more informal meetings at IALC's unique networking events.
IALC Approved Agencies
IALC Approved Agencies are established, professional, language and study travel agencies. In order to join the scheme, an agency must demonstrate that it has developed successful partnerships with three IALC members in the preceding 12 months before their application.
Notes
External links
International Association of Language Centres website
IALC workshop
IALC overview
IALC worldwide
GAELA Associations IALC overview
BELTA - IALC Overview
The Times newspaper - feature on IALC
EL Gazette - Feature on IALC
The Pie News - feature on the IALC 2013 Workshop
The Pie News - feature on the IALC 2015 Workshop
Language schools
Delta 16 is a fixed shooter video game from Finnish developer Jyri Lehtonen published by Amersoft in 1985. It was originally released for the Commodore 16 home computer, then ported to Commodore 64 for which it was released free of charge. A total of 101 copies were sold. The game includes an automated firing mechanism that the player can activate.
References
1985 video games
Commodore 16 and Plus/4 games
Commodore 64 games
Fixed shooters
Video games developed in Finland
The 16th Canadian Comedy Awards, presented by the Canadian Comedy Foundation for Excellence (CCFE), honoured the best live, television, film, and Internet comedy of 2014. The awards were presented in Toronto, Ontario, on 13 September 2015. Canadian Comedy Awards, also known as Beavers, were awarded in 29 categories.
The film Corner Gas: The Movie led with nine nominations, followed by web series Space Riders: Division Earth with seven and This Hour Has 22 Minutes with six. Space Riders: Division Earth and This Hour Has 22 Minutes each won four Beavers.
Ceremony
After spending two years in Ottawa, Ontario, the Canadian Comedy Awards (CCA) returned to Toronto for the 16th awards. The awards were presented at the Bram and Bluma Appel Salon of the Toronto Reference Library on 13 September 2015.
Winners and nominees
Nominees were announced on 30 June 2015 and public voting was open through July to 15 August. Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface:
Multimedia
Live
Television
Internet
Special Awards
Multiple wins
The following people, shows, films, etc. received multiple awards
Multiple nominations
The following people, shows, films, etc. received multiple nominations
References
External links
Canadian Comedy Awards official website
Canadian Comedy Awards
Canadian Comedy Awards
Awards
Awards
The Howrah–Delhi main line is a railway line connecting Delhi and Kolkata cutting across northern India. The railway line was opened to traffic in 1866 with the introduction of the "1 Down/2 Up Mail" train.
Sections
The long trunk line, has been treated in more detail in smaller sections:
Howrah–Bardhaman chord line
Bardhaman–Asansol section
Asansol–Patna section
Patna–Mughalsarai section
Mughalsarai–Kanpur section
Kanpur–Delhi section
History
The first 1 Down/2 Up Mail train
Railway transportation was introduced in India within 30 years of its maiden run in England. The Governor General Lord Dalhousie foresaw a tremendous potential for the speedy means of transport in securing British control over a vast country, not only in moving goods and people but also in the movement of the armed forces.
The East Indian Railway Company which was formed on 1 June 1845, completed its survey for a railway line from Kolkata, then called Calcutta, to Delhi via Mirzapur in 1846. The company initially became defunct on refusal of government guarantee, which was given in 1849. Thereafter, an agreement was signed between East Indian Railway Company and the East India Company, for the construction and operation of an "experimental" line between Kolkata and Rajmahal, which would later be extended to Delhi via Mirzapur. Construction began in 1851.
Howrah station was a tin shed and to reach it from Kolkata one had to cross the Hooghly in a ferry. On 15 August 1854, the first passenger train in the eastern section was operated up to Hooghly, away. On 1 February 1855 the first train ran from Hooghly to Raniganj, from Howrah.
The line was extended up to Rajmahal in October 1859, crossing Ajay River on the way. From Rajmahal, construction progressed rapidly, moving westward along the banks of the Ganges, reaching Bhagalpur in 1861, Munger in February 1862, and opposite Varanasi (across the Ganges) in December 1862 and then on to Naini on the bank of the Yamuna. The work included EIR's first tunnel at Jamalpur and first major bridge across the Son River at Arrah.
During 1863–64, work progressed rapidly on the Allahabad–Kanpur–Tundla and Aligarh–Ghaziabad sections. The Yamuna bridge near Delhi was completed in 1864 and EIR established the Delhi terminus. On 1 August 1864, coaches were ferried across the Yamuna at Allahabad to allow the first through train to travel from Kolkata to Delhi. The Yamuna bridge at Allahabad opened on 15 August 1865 and in 1866 Kolkata and Delhi were directly linked. The 1 Down/2 Up Mail train, predecessor of the Kalka Mail, started running.
The "shorter main line"
With the completion of the line connecting Raniganj with Kiul in 1871, a "shorter main line" was in position. Initially, it was called the Chord Line. However, as it attracted more traffic it was designated the main line and the original line became the Sahibganj loop.
On 6 December 1906, the Grand Chord line from Sitarampur to Mughalsarai via Gaya, which shortened further the Kolkata–New Delhi distance, was inaugurated by the Earl of Minto, the Viceroy and Governor-General of India. It was thrown open to traffic in 1906. The total Howrah–New Delhi distance, via Grand Chord is , as against of the Main line, and via Sahibganj loop.
New buildings
A pontoon bridge was built across the Hooghly River in 1874 to provide easy access to Howrah Station.
EIR constructed the Delhi Junction building in 1903. It then had 12 broad-gauge and 3 metre-gauge platforms. Howrah terminus was rebuilt as the largest railway station in India in 1905.
Reorganisation
On 1 January 1925 the British Indian Government took over the management of the East Indian Railway and divided it into six divisions: Howrah, Asansol, Danapur, Allahabad, Lucknow and Moradabad.
On 14 April 1952, Jawaharlal Nehru, the Prime Minister of India, inaugurated two new zones of the first six zones of the Indian Railways. One of them, the Northern Railways had the three "up-stream" divisions of East Indian Railway: Allahabad, Lucknow and Moradabad, while the other, the Eastern Railways had the three "down-stream" divisions: Howrah, Asansol and Danapur and the complete Bengal Nagpur Railway. Eastern Railway also had the Sealdah division, which it had acquired from the truncated Assam Bengal Railway at the time of partition.
South Eastern Railway was carved out of Eastern Railway on 1 August 1955. East Central Railway was created on 1 October 2002 with separation of three divisionsDhanbad, Mughalsarai and Danapurof Eastern Railway.
Electrification
Except for the Sitarampur–Gaya–Mughalsarai sector called Grand Chord and the Howrah–Bardhaman sector, the Howrah–Gaya–Delhi line shares the rest of the track with Howrah–Delhi main line. The Howrah–Gaya–Delhi route was the first trunk route in India to be completely electrified (AC traction). As a result, most of the Howrah–Delhi main line was electrified earlier than the Sitarampur–Patna–Mughalsarai sector.
Around 1957–58 the Howrah–Bardhaman main line was electrified with 3 kV DC traction for Suburban services, which was later converted to 25 kV AC traction, around 1968–69. The Bardhaman–Waria sector was electrified in 1964–1966, Waria–Sitarampur sector in 1960–61, the Asansol–Patna sector during the period 1994–95 to 2000–2001, the Patna–Mughalsarai sector in 1999–2002, Mughalsarai–Kanpur sector during the period 1964–65 to 1968–69, and Kanpur–Delhi sector between 1968–69 and 1976–77.
Speed limits
Most of the Howrah–Delhi main line is classified as ‘A' class line where trains can run up to but in certain sections speeds may be limited to . The Howrah–Bandel–Bardhaman sector and the Sitarampur–Patna–Mughalsarai sector is classified as ‘B' class line where trains can run up to .
Sealdah–New Delhi Duronto Express is the fastest train on this route as it covers this journey in 17 hours and 15 minutes. While Rajdhani Express via Gaya takes around 16 hours and 55 minutes to travel from Delhi to Howrah, some of the other fast trains such as Poorva Express, Kalka Mail, New Delhi Express and Sampark Kranti Express take around twenty-three hours. Some of the slower trains such as Toofan Express and Lal Quila, with more frequent stoppages, take around thirty hours.
Some important trains on the route
Poorva Express
Howrah Rajdhani
Howrah–New Delhi Duronto Express
Howrah-Amritsar Express
Sealdah-Bikaner Duronto Express
Sealdah Rajdhani Express
West Bengal Sampark Kranti Express
References
5 ft 6 in gauge railways in India
Rail transport in West Bengal
Rail transport in Jharkhand
Rail transport in Bihar
Rail transport in Uttar Pradesh
Rail transport in Delhi
Rail transport in Howrah
News Radio may refer to:
NewsRadio, the NBC sitcom which aired from 1995–1999
News radio or All-news radio, the all-news or news/talk radio format
ABC News, an Australian Broadcasting Corporation radio service
ABC News Radio, formerly ABC Radio News, a radio service in the United States
"Moment" is a song by Japanese band SMAP. Released as a single on August 1, 2012, the song was used as the theme song for the Tokyo Broadcasting System Television broadcast of the 2012 Summer Olympics, for which SMAP member Masahiro Nakai was the main sportscaster. It was written by the band Sakanaction's vocalist and songwriter Ichiro Yamaguchi, while the single's B-side "Te o Tsunagō" was written by producer Kenichi Maeyamada. The single was commercially successful, reaching number one on Oricon's singles chart, and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of Japan.
Background and development
Since 2004, SMAP songs had been used by Tokyo Broadcasting System Television to pair with their Olympic Games coverage, with "Susume!" from SMAP 016/MIJ (2004) used for the Athens 2004 Summer Olympics broadcast, and "Kono Toki, Kitto Yume ja Nai" (2008) for the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics. The band's single "Triangle" (2006) was similarly used by TV Asahi for their broadcasts of the Torino 2006 Winter Olympics and the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympics.
In 2010, SMAP worked together with Sakanaction member Ichiro Yamaguchi, when he created the song "Magic Time" for their album We Are SMAP!. Sakanaction's most recently released single at the time, "Boku to Hana" (2012), acted as the theme song for the drama 37-sai de Isha ni Natta Boku: Kenshui Junjō Monogatari, in which SMAP member Tsuyoshi Kusanagi starred.
A week after the single was released, the band released their 20th studio album, Gift of SMAP, despite the song not appearing on the album.
Writing and production
When SMAP's production team asked Yamaguchi to create the song, he did not know if the song was going to be a single or an album song as "Magic Time" had been. Yamaguchi created the song after listening to SMAP's previous singles, attempting to create a medium tempo song that could express the fire in someone's heart. Yamaguchi felt that writing the song had been a learning process for him, as he needed to consider what type of pop music would suit the band and the song from a different perspective to how he wrote pop music for his band Sakanaction. The song's lyrics have a message of encouragement for Olympic athletes. The song is a pop song build on top of fast tempo drums and synthesized string sounds. CDJournal reviewers felt that the song was "overflowing" with a fast pace, feeling it lyrically emphasized the importance of now.
Commercial reception
The single reached number one on Oricon's weekly singles chart. As this was the band's 48th single top chart in the top ten, this broke the record for a male artist to do so at the time, with SMAP beating rock band B'z record of 47 releases. The song also became the most commercially broadcast theme song for the London Olympics in Japan, surpassing Ikimono-gakari's theme song for the NHK broadcast, "Kaze ga Fuiteiru".
Track listings
Chart rankings
Sales and certifications
Release history
References
2012 singles
2012 songs
2012 Summer Olympics
Japanese-language songs
Olympic theme songs
Songs written by Ichiro Yamaguchi
Victor Entertainment singles
Billboard Japan Hot 100 number-one singles
Oricon Weekly number-one singles
"Don't Ask Me Why" is a 1989 song recorded by the British pop music duo Eurythmics. It was written by bandmembers Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart and produced by Stewart with Jimmy Iovine. The song was featured on Eurythmics' album We Too Are One.
Background
The song was released as the second single from the album in the UK and the first in the United States. It is a lush pop song with melancholy and bitter lyrics which describe the ending of a love relationship. In it Lennox tells the subject "don't ask me why / I don't love you any more / I don't think I ever did".
Music video
The song's music video, directed by Sophie Muller, features a performance by Eurythmics with various members of a backing band. Filmed in bright, saturated colors the finished clip drew comparisons to nightclub scenes in David Lynch's film Blue Velvet.
Critical reception
On its release, Music & Media felt the song's appeal stemmed from the "poignant contrast between [the] enchanting harmonies and sad lyrics". Mick Williams of the Lennox Herald gave the song a 9.5 out of 10 rating and commented: "If there ever was any doubt that Annie Lennox's voice was a gift from heaven, "Don't Ask Me Why" confirms it."
Iestyn George of Record Mirror considered "Don't Ask Me Why" to be "a great deal meaner and moodier than the half-baked 'Revival', but will probably get lost among the plethora of pop-dance records cluttering up the airwaves." Billboard described the song as a "subdued midtempo number". They added: "Lennox's vocal shines on a track that's not as immediate as prior releases but could easily be a sleeper."
"Don't Ask Me Why" peaked at number twenty-five in the UK singles chart and became Eurythmics' last U.S. Billboard Hot 100 hit (and last top 40 hit), peaking at number forty (and twelve on the U.S. Modern Rock Chart).
Track listings
7" (UK, GER, FR, SPA, AUS, USA, CAN) & K7 Single (UK, AUS, USA, CAN) & CD single (JAP)
"Don't Ask Me Why" (LP Version) – 4:21
"Rich Girl" (Non-LP Track) – 4:09
12" (UK, GER) & CD single (UK, GER)
"Don't Ask Me Why" (LP Version) – 4:21
"Sylvia" (LP Version) – 4:35
"Rich Girl" (Non-LP Track) – 4:09
Limited 12" (UK) & Limited CD single Box-Set (UK)
"Don't Ask Me Why" (LP Version) – 4:21
"Rich Girl" (Non-LP Track) – 4:09
"When The Day Goes Down" (Acoustic Version) – 3:47
"Don't Ask Me Why" (Acoustic Version) – 3:58
Charts
References
1989 singles
1989 songs
Eurythmics songs
Music videos directed by Sophie Muller
RCA Records singles
Songs written by Annie Lennox
Songs written by David A. Stewart
The Army Recruiting and Initial Training Command (ARITC) is a two-star command of the British Army and "is responsible for all recruiting, selection, and basic training of soldiers and the recruitment and selection of officers".
History
On 1 April 2018, the Army Recruiting and Training Division was disbanded. Before this date, the division (a two-star command) was tasked with everything from recruiting to initial training to second-level training. The division at this time also controlled the Land Warfare Centre. However, following the Army 2020 Refine, the division was disestablished with the recruiting and initial training given to the new 'Army Recruiting and Initial Training Command', while the second-level and further training given to the Land Warfare Centre. The latter of which is now under direct control of Commander Field Army.
Since its formation, the command has been under control of Home Command.
Structure
Army Recruiting and Initial Training Command was established on 1 April 2018. The Commander of this formation is a 2-star Major General.
Army Recruiting and Initial Training Command, at Trenchard Lines, Upavon
Director General, Army Recruiting and Initial Training Command, a Major General
Commandant, School of Infantry
Commandant, Initial Training Group
Commandant, Royal School of Military Engineering
Director Recruit Training (Operations)
Director Recruit Training (Support)
Director Training (Army)
Defence College of Logistics and Personnel Administration
Army Adventurous Training Group (Army)
Initial Training Group, at Trenchard Lines, Upavon – commanded by a brigadier
Army Foundation College, Harrogate
Army School of Physical Training
Army Recruiting and Initial Training Centre Staff Leadership School
Army Training Centre, Pirbright
Army Training Regiment, Winchester
Army Training Regiment, Grantham
Army Training Unit North, at Queen Elizabeth Barracks, Strensall
Army Training Unit Northern Ireland, at Abercorn Barracks, Ballykinler
Army Training Unit Scotland, at Redford Barracks, Edinburgh
Army Training Unit West, at Maindy Barracks, Cardiff
Detachment, at Wyvern Barracks, Exeter
Army Recruiting Group
Outreach Team South West, at Wyvern Barracks, Exeter
School of Infantry, at Vimy Barracks, Catterick Garrison
Infantry Training Centre, at Helles Barracks, Catterick Garrison
1st Infantry Training Battalion
2nd Infantry Training Battalion
Infantry Training Centre Support Battalion
Army School of Ceremonial
Army School of Bagpipe Music and Highland Drumming, at Redford Barracks, Edinburgh
400 Troop, Royal Logistic Corps
Parachute Training Support Unit (PTSU), at RAF Brize Norton
Pegasus Company
Infantry Battle School, at Dering Lines, Brecon
Gurkha Company (Mandalay)
Specialist Weapons School, at Waterloo Lines, Warminster Garrison
Royal School of Military Engineering, at Brompton Barracks, Chatham Station
1st Royal School of Military Engineering Regiment, Royal Engineers
3rd Royal School of Military Engineering Regiment, Royal Engineers, at Gibraltar Barracks, Minley
Professional Engineer Wing
Royal Engineer Warfare Wing, at Gibraltar Barracks, Minley
Defence Animal Training Regiment, Royal Army Veterinary Corps, at the Defence Animal Training Centre, Melton Mowbray
Defence Explosive Ordnance Disposal, Munitions and Search Training Regiment, at MoD Bicester, Bicester
Royal Military School of Music, at Kneller Hall, Twickenham
Defence Chemical, Biological, Radiological and Nuclear Centre, in Winterbourne Gunner
Commanders
Commanders have been:
Major-General Paul Nanson (2018–2020)
Major-General Sharon Nesmith (2021–2022)
Footnotes
Military units and formations established in 2018
Commands of the British Army
Training establishments of the British Army
Army 2020
Herman "Hecky" Krasnow (February 15, 1910 – April 23, 1984) was a record producer of Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer, Frosty the Snowman, and the Frank Buck recording Tiger.
Early years
Krasnow was born in Hartford, Connecticut, son of Harry Krasnow, founder of the National Iron Works (later National Steel Products), and Sarah Wohl Krasnow. Hecky Krasnow studied violin at the Juilliard School under Leopold Auer. He was a talented violinist, highly praised for the range of his repertoire.
Record Producer
Krasnow was a producer for Columbia Records from 1949 to 1956, when he became a free-lance writer and producer. His compositions included "Rendezvous d'Amour", "I Just Can't Wait 'Til Christmas" and "The Happy Cobbler". He was the producer of the Columbia recordings of "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer and "Frosty the Snowman", sung by Gene Autry; the songs of Burl Ives and Captain Kangaroo, "The Ballad of Davy Crockett" and "Smokey the Bear". He also produced "I'm Gettin' Nuttin' for Christmas" and "I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus". Krasnow worked with Gene Kelly, Jackie Robinson, Rosemary Clooney ("Come On-a My House"), Dinah Shore, Nina Simone, Art Carney, Jose Ferrer, and Arthur Godfrey. He also produced the first LP by the Chad Mitchell Trio on Colpix (At the Blue Angel; he is listed as producer on the LP back cover)</ref>
Work with Frank Buck
In 1950, Krasnow wrote and produced the Frank Buck recording Tiger''.
Later years
Krasnow died aged 74 in Miami, Florida.
Biography
Krasnow's daughter, Judy Gail Krasnow, has written a biography of her father.
References
1910 births
1984 deaths
Record producers from Connecticut
American violinists
American male violinists
Songwriters from Connecticut
Businesspeople from Hartford, Connecticut
20th-century violinists
20th-century American musicians
20th-century American businesspeople
Songwriters from New York (state)
20th-century American male musicians
American male songwriters
