Rodolfo J. Illanes Alvarado (18 August 1958 – 25 August 2016) was a Bolivian lawyer and politician who served as Deputy Minister of Internal Affairs from 14 March 2016 to 25 August 2016, during the third cabinet of President Evo Morales.
Biography
Rodolfo Illanes was born in the city of La Paz in 1958. He was a lawyer at the Higher University of San Andrés (UMSA). He had also had a specialty in Criminal Sciences, from the University of Costa Rica.
He was an adviser to President Evo Morales in his first term. In the Ministry of Labour he held the position of Superintendent of Civil Service and then Deputy Minister of Work, Employment, and Social Security.
On 14 March 2016, he assumed the position of Deputy Minister of Internal Affairs, replacing Marcelo Elío Chávez.
Kidnapping and death
On 25 August 2016, Illanes was kidnapped along with his assistant while heading to Panduro to speak to anti-government protesters and then was later killed by the striking miners who abducted him. His murder shocked the South American country. Defence Minister Reymi Ferreira broke down on television as he described how Illanes, appointed to his post in March, had apparently been "beaten and tortured to death".
Government minister Carlos Romero called it a "cowardly and brutal killing" and asked the miners to immediately hand over the body.
References
1960 births
2016 deaths
People from La Paz
Bolivian murder victims
People murdered in Bolivia
Deaths by beating
Movement for Socialism (Bolivia) politicians
Higher University of San Andrés alumni
University of Costa Rica alumni
20th-century Bolivian lawyers
21st-century Bolivian politicians
21st-century Bolivian lawyers
2016 murders in Bolivia
Pacific Reserve Fleet, San Diego was a part of the United States Navy reserve fleets, also called a mothball fleet, was used to store the many surplus ships after World War II. The Pacific Reserve Fleet, San Diego was near the Naval Base San Diego in San Diego, California. Some ships in the fleet were reactivated for the Korean War and Vietnam War. The reserve fleet stored post World War I ships, some that were reactivated for World War II.
The USS Galveston (CL-93), a Cleveland-class cruiser was the last ship to depart the Pacific Reserve Fleet, San Diego. At the closing, only the Galveston and 11 other ships were remaining at the fleet. At its peak, 223 ships were stored in the fleet. The 12 rusty ships in fleet were sold off for scrapping and a few used for United States Navy target ships. The Pacific Reserve Fleet, San Diego closed in June 1975.
Pacific Reserve Fleet, San Diego ship examples
In the 1950 and 1960 many ships were stored in the fleet:
Seven Commencement Bay-class escort carriers
Four Casablanca-class escort carriers
Many Minesweepers, like the:
USS Chief (AM-315)
USS Zeal (MSF-131)
USS Competent (AM-316)
USS Symbol (MSF-123)
USS San Jacinto (CVL-30)
USS Philippine Sea (CV-47)
USS Aristaeus
USS Midas (ARB-5)
USS Oceanus (ARB-2)
USS Zeus (ARB-4)
USS Telamon (ARB-8)
USS Sarpedon (ARB-7)
USS Phaon (ARB-3)
See also
USS Midway Museum
References
1946 establishments in California
Military in San Diego
Pacific Reserve Fleet, San Diego
Pacific Reserve Fleet, San Diego
The 2020 United States presidential election in Oregon was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. President Donald Trump, and Vice President Mike Pence were renominated by the Republican Party. They faced a Democratic Party ticket of former Vice President Joe Biden, and his running mate, California U.S. Senator Kamala Harris, as vice president.
Biden won 56.45% of the vote to 40.37% for Trump. Biden received Oregon's seven electoral votes in the Electoral College. The state certified its election results on December 3.
Biden won Oregon by 16.1%, an increase from Hillary Clinton's 11% victory margin in 2016. No Republican presidential candidate has won Oregon since Ronald Reagan of neighboring California in 1984. Biden flipped two counties Trump won in 2016: Marion County--home to the state capital of Salem, and Deschutes County--anchored by rapidly-growing Bend. It was also the first time a majority of Deschutes County voted for a Democrat since Lyndon Johnson in 1964.
Biden was the first Democrat since Woodrow Wilson to win the presidency without carrying Columbia County and Tillamook County. He also became the first non-incumbent Democrat since Jimmy Carter to get elected without carrying Jackson County, and the first non-incumbent presidential candidate since George H. W. Bush to win without carrying Wasco County. Tillamook and Columbia Counties were among a fraction of the more than 3,000 counties in the U.S. to vote twice for Barack Obama (2008, 2012) and twice for Donald Trump (2016, 2020).
Biden also made history as the highest vote earner in Oregon history, with 1,340,383 votes.
Per exit polls by the Associated Press, Biden's strength in Oregon came from white liberals, with white Oregonians favoring him by 57%–40%. 33% of voters were secular and supported Biden by 80%.
Primary elections
The Oregon primary elections were held on Tuesday, May 19, 2020.
Republican primary
Donald Trump ran unopposed in Oregon, receiving the state's 28 delegates to the Republican National Convention
Democratic primary
Though all Democrats but Joe Biden had withdrawn from the national race by the Oregon primary, four remained on the ballot. Biden won just under two-thirds of the vote. Bernie Sanders received just over 20% of the vote. Oregon's 71 delegates were allocated with 46 to Biden and 15 to Sanders.
Independent Party of Oregon primary
The Independent Party of Oregon cross-nominated Joe Biden after an online nonpartisan blanket primary.
Pacific Green Party primary
Howie Hawkins won the Oregon Green Party primary.
General election
Final predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Polls
Aggregate polls
Polls
Results
Results by county
Counties that flipped from Republican to Democratic
Deschutes (the largest municipality: Bend)
Marion (the largest municipality: Salem)
Results by congressional district
Biden won 4 out of 5 congressional districts in Oregon.
See also
United States presidential elections in Oregon
Presidency of Joe Biden
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
References
External links
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Oregon
2020
Presidential
Sonny Stitt/Bud Powell/J. J. Johnson (also released as All God's Children Got Rhythm) is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt compiling tracks recorded with trombonist J. J. Johnson or pianist Bud Powell in 1949–50 and released on the Prestige label in 1957. The 1990 CD reissue added five bonus tracks to the original LP. The cover art was done by cartoonist Don Martin of MAD magazine fame.
Reception
The Allmusic review stated "This superb CD reissues the complete output of three classic bop sessions... Highly recommended music".
Track listing
All compositions by Sonny Stitt except as indicated
"All God's Chillun Got Rhythm" (Walter Jurmann, Gus Kahn, Bronisław Kaper) – 2:57
"Sonnyside" – 2:21
"Bud's Blues" – 2:32
"Sunset" – 3:44
"Fine and Dandy" (Paul James, Kay Swift) – 2:39
"Fine and Dandy" [alternate take] (James, Swift) – 2:38 Bonus track on CD reissue
"Strike Up the Band" (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin) – 3:26
"I Want to Be Happy" (Irving Caesar, Vincent Youmans) – 3:09
"Taking a Chance on Love" (Vernon Duke, Ted Fetter, John Latouche) – 2:32
"Afternoon in Paris" (John Lewis) – 3:03
"Afternoon in Paris" [alternate take] (Lewis) – 2:59 Bonus track on CD reissue
"Elora" (J.J. Johnson) – 3:03
"Elora" [alternate take] (Johnson) – 3:07 Bonus track on CD reissue
"Teapot" (Johnson) – 2:43
"Teapot" [alternate take] (Johnson) – 3:01 Bonus track on CD reissue
"Blue Mode" (Johnson) – 3:45
"Blue Mode" [alternate take] (Johnson) – 2:49 Bonus track on CD reissue
Recorded in New York City on October 17, 1949 (tracks 10–17), December 11, 1949 (tracks 1–4) and January 26, 1950 (tracks 5–9)
Personnel
Sonny Stitt – tenor saxophone
J. J. Johnson – trombone (tracks 10–17)
John Lewis (tracks 10–17), Bud Powell (tracks 1–9) – piano
Nelson Boyd (tracks 10–17), Curly Russell (tracks 1–9) – bass
Max Roach – drums
References
1956 compilation albums
Prestige Records compilation albums
Sonny Stitt compilation albums
Bud Powell compilation albums
J. J. Johnson compilation albums
The 2022 season is the Las Vegas Raiders' 53rd season in the National Football League, their 63rd overall, their third in Las Vegas and their first under the head coach/general manager tandem of Josh McDaniels and Dave Ziegler. The Raiders look to return to the playoffs in back-to-back seasons for the first time since 2001 and 2002, when the franchise was based in Oakland.
Offseason
Front office changes
On January 17, the team announced that general manager Mike Mayock had been fired after three years with the team. On January 30, the Raiders named longtime New England Patriots' executive Dave Ziegler as their new general manager. On May 6, Raiders' owner Mark Davis announced that team president Dan Ventrelle was no longer with the organization. Following this, Ventrelle alleged that Raiders' owner Mark Davis created a hostile work environment, and once the former president acknowledged this, he was fired. Around May 21, Marcel Reece, already senior advisor and then chief people officer, became team senior vice president, chief of staff. On July 7, the team announced Sandra Douglass Morgan as new president. Morgan is the first black woman in NFL history to assume this role.
Coaching changes
Interim coach Rich Bisaccia, who replaced Jon Gruden after his resignation after five games in the 2021 season, was not assured of returning as head coach despite the Raiders making the playoffs the previous season. Bisaccia did interview for the permanent coaching position. However, the Raiders conducted other interviews as well.
On January 31, the team officially named New England Patriots' offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels the team's new head coach. McDaniels named Mick Lombardi offensive coordinator and Patrick Graham defensive coordinator.
Notable free agent acquisitions
Trades
Notable players released
Draft
Staff
Current staff
Current roster
Preseason
On February 28, the NFL announced that the Raiders would play the Jacksonville Jaguars in the Pro Football Hall of Fame Game on Thursday, August 4, at Tom Benson Hall of Fame Stadium in Canton, Ohio, at 5:00 p.m. PDT. The Raiders had two former players enter the Hall of Fame, wide receiver Cliff Branch, who died in 2019, as well as defensive tackle Richard Seymour. The two teams will meet again during the regular season in Jacksonville. On May 12, the rest of the Raiders' preseason opponents were announced. The complete preseason schedule was announced on May 18.
The Raiders won all of their preseason games closing with a 4–0 record; it was the first time in team history the Raiders went undefeated in the preseason.
Regular season
Schedule
Notes
Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Networks and times from Weeks 7–13, Week 15 and Week 17 are subject to change as a result of flexible scheduling.
The date, time and network for Week 18 will be determined at the end of Week 17.
Game summaries
Week 1: at Los Angeles Chargers
The Raiders began the season on the road facing their division rival, the Los Angeles Chargers, at SoFi Stadium.
The Chargers got the ball first and moved quickly into Raider territory before the Vegas defense stiffened and forced the Chargers to settle for a 43-yard field goal and an early 3–0 lead. The Raiders answered by also moving into their opponent's territory and, helped by a Davante Adams catch and run, reached the Charger four-yard line. However, a loss on a Josh Jacobs run and two incomplete passes led to Daniel Carlson's 23-yard field goal to tie the game. Following punts by both teams, the game moved to the second quarter and Justin Herbert hit Zander Horvath on a one-yard touchdown pass to give LA the 10–3 lead. The Raiders were again forced to punt and the Chargers moved to the Raider 28. However, they chose to go for it on fourth down and were stuffed by the Raider defense giving Vegas the ball with 1:38 left in the half. Following a sack on the first play of the ensuing possession, Derek Carr was intercepted at midfield and the Chargers returned the ball to the Vegas 31 with 45 seconds left in the half. Two plays later, Herbert threw his second toudown pass of the game, a 25-yard score to DeAndre Carter to extend the LA lead to 17–3 with 35 seconds left in the half. The Raiders chose to kneel on the final play of the half and entered halftime trailing by two touchdowns.
In the second half, the Raiders scored quickly as Carr his Adams for a 41-yard play that moved the ball into LA territory. Three plays later, Carr hit Brandon Bolden for an 18-yard touchdown to narrow the score to 17–10. However, the Chargers quickly responded as Herbert hit Gerald Everett for an 18-yard touchdown of his own, returning the Charger lead to 14. The Raiders moved into LA territory on the next possession, but were forced to settle for a 55-yard field goal to move within 10. Following a punt by the Chargers early in the fourth quarter, Carr hit Darren Waller for a 23-yard gain, but was intercepted for the second time a play later on a pass intended for Adams at the Charger two-yard line. Following a punt by the Chargers, Carr was intercepted for the third time in the game, giving the Chargers the ball at midfield. After forcing the Chargers to attempt a 49-yard field goal that was no good, Carr moved the Raiders into LA territory. with less than five minutes remaining in the game, Carr hit Adams for a three-yard touchdown to narrow the score to 24–19. Following an LA punt, the Raiders took over with 3:30 left in the game. However, Carr was sacked by former Raider Khalil Mack and fumbled the ball giving the Chargers the ball with 1:52 left in the game. The Chargers were able to run out the clock to win the game 24–19.
The loss moved the Raiders to 0–1 on the season. Carr threw for 295 yards in the loss, but had four turnovers (three interceptions and a fumble) in the loss. Adams had 10 receptions for 141 yards and a touchdown in his first game for Vegas.
Week 2: vs. Arizona Cardinals
The Raiders, playing in their home opener at Allegiant Stadium, stormed out to a 20–0 at halftime against a struggling Cardinals team still reeling from a Week 1 home defeat. Derek Carr logged two touchdown passes, one to Davante Adams and the other to Darren Waller, and Daniel Carlson nailed two field goal to provide the 20-point margin to Las Vegas. However, in the second half, Arizona began to come back. It started when Greg Dortsch caught a 5-yard touchdown pass from Kyler Murray to cut the lead to 20–7. The Raiders however, responded with Carlson nailling a chip shot 25-yard field goal to give Vegas a 23–7 lead to start the fourth quarter. However, from there onwards it was all Cardinals as Darrel Williams ran in from a yard out, followed by Murray scrambling over 80 yards for the two-point conversion, which set the record for the longest distance run for a conversion. The Cardinals forced several key punts from the Raiders, who appeared to have lost their offensive groove throughout the second half. Arizona again forced Vegas to punt with four minutes left, and drove down the field on a relentless 18-play drive capped off with Murray running in for a 3-yard touchdown and throwing for a two-point conversion to tie the game at 23–23 as time expired. In overtime, the Cardinals received the ball, but turned it over on fourth down, giving the ball back to the Raiders. However, Raiders receiver Hunter Renfrow fumbled the ball on the ensuing Raiders drive, which Cardinals defender Byron Murphy recovered and returned to the end zone for the game-winning touchdown. The Raiders lost 23–29 and fell to 0–2 on the season.
Week 3: at Tennessee Titans
Week 4: vs. Denver Broncos
Standings
Division
Conference
References
External links
Las Vegas
Las Vegas Raiders seasons
Las Vegas Raiders
Cormetasone, or cormethasone, is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed.
References
Diketones
Fluoroarenes
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
Triols
Abandoned drugs
Doğandere, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
This article is about the phonology and phonetics of the West Frisian language.
Consonants
are bilabial, and are labiodental.
is often included with the diphthongs, rather than the consonants, as it occurs only in rising diphthongs and sequences of a long vowel followed by glide (see the Diphthongs section). However, since they are analysed and transcribed as consonants in this article, is included here as a consonant. contrasts with in for example the pair belove - bliuwe .
In some cases, alternates with .
does not occur before other alveolar consonants. An exception to that rule are recent loanwords from Standard Dutch (sport), which may or may not be pronounced with .
The alveolar are laminal, laxer than in English (with graver friction) and are variably retracted to , depending on the environment. The phonetic affricates (as in tsiis 'cheese' and skodzje 'shake') are subject to the same kind of variation. As in Greek, and are considered to be stopped–fricative sequences in their underlying form.
are velar, is a post-velar fricative trill and is palatal.
Among fricatives, neither nor any of the voiced fricatives can occur word-initially except for .
Glottal stop may precede word-initial vowels. In careful speech, it may also occur between unstressed and stressed vowels or diphthongs.
All consonants are unaspirated, as in Dutch. Thus, the voiceless plosives , , are realized , , .
Allophony
has two allophones: an approximant , which appears word-initially, and a fricative , which occurs elsewhere.
The distinction between and is very marginal, and they are generally considered allophones of a single phoneme. The plosive generally appears at the beginning of a word and at the beginning of a stressed syllable, with the fricative occurring elsewhere. However, there are some cases that disturb that distribution, which shows that the allophony is not only caused by stress but also has a morphological factor:
Compound words preserve intact each allophone of the individual words: berchgeit "mountain goat" and needgefal "emergency". That demonstrates plosive before unstressed syllables.
Some suffixes draw the stress onto themselves without readjusting the allophones: hartoch "duke" → hartoginne "duchess". That creates cases of fricative before stressed syllables.
Thus, it appears that the underlying representation of words includes the plosive-fricative distinction. In single-morpheme words, that representation follows the above rule of allophony, but in words with multiple morphemes the underlying status (plosive or fricative) must be known to recover the correct pronunciation.
The schwa is often dropped in the combination , which turns the into a syllabic sonorant. The specific sonorant that arises depends on the preceding consonant and so it is labial when it is preceded by labial , alveolar when it is preceded by labiodental or alveolar , and velar when preceded by velar .
The schwa is commonly dropped also in and , creating the syllabic sonorants and , respectively. There are also some other cases.
The sequences coalesce to , unless occurs as a part of the rising diphthongs .
Final-obstruent devoicing
West Frisian has final obstruent devoicing and so voiced obstruents are merged with the voiceless obstruents at the end of words. Thus, word-final are merged into voiceless , although final is rare. The spelling reflects that in the case of the fricatives but not in the case of the plosives, which are still written and .
Vowels
The vowel inventory of West Frisian is very rich.
Monophthongs
The long vowels are considerably longer than the short vowels. The former are generally over 250 ms, and the latter are generally under 150 ms.
Some speakers merge the long vowels with the centering diphthongs .
is infrequent. It and the other long close rounded vowel are absent in the Leeuwarden dialect.
is phonetically central and is quite similar to . It can be treated as its stressed equivalent. In phonemic transcription, many scholars transcribe it with , but are occasionally used.
Although they pattern with monophthongs, the long close-mid vowels transcribed are often realized as narrow closing diphthongs . However, there are exceptions: for instance, speakers of the Hindeloopers dialect realize as a long monophthong . Nearly all words with are loanwords from Standard Dutch.
does not occur before .
Although they pattern with monophthongs, the long open-mid vowels transcribed tend to be realized as centring diphthongs .
The Hindeloopers and the Súdwesthoeksk dialects also feature open-mid front rounded vowels , which are not a part of the standard language.
Many scholars transcribe with , but transcribes it with , following the usual transcription of the short open vowel in Dutch. Its phonetic quality has been variously described as central and back .
is central .
Diphthongs
In southwestern dialects, the sequences are monophthongized to short central .
The closeness of both elements of is somewhat variable and so its phonetic realization is .
The first element of is more like than . Many scholars transcribe the sound as , transcribes it as , but this article transcribes it to show that it is clearly distinct from the common diphthongal realization of since it a much lower starting point), and it is virtually identical to in Standard Dutch.
Some scholars transcribe as , but others transcribe it as . Phonetically, the first element of the diphthong may be either or less often .
Some varieties realize as . It is replaced by in the Wood Frisian dialects.
Many speakers realise as rounded .
Rising and long diphthongs
Frisian is traditionally analysed as having both falling and rising diphthongs. argues that the rising diphthongs are in fact glide-vowel sequences, not real diphthongs. That view is supported by who transcribe them with consonant symbols , which is the convention that is used in this article.
Frisian also possesses sequences of a long vowel followed by a glide. According to Booij, the glide behaves as a consonant in such sequences since it is shifted entirely to the next syllable when a following vowel is added. Visser also includes sequences of a high vowel plus glide among these. Such sequences are transcribed with a consonant symbol in this article:
aai ~ aaien
bliuw ~ bliuwen
moai ~ moaie
iuw ~ iuwen
bloei ~ bloeie
Breaking
Some falling diphthongs alternate with rising diphthongs:
The - alternation occurs only in the pair mentioned above.
References
Bibliography
Further reading
West Frisian language
Germanic phonologies
Hasdere, Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
Auca or AUCA may refer to :
Auca (titular diocese), the former Catholic bishopric of (Villafranca Montes de) Oca in Spain, now a Latin titular see
A pejorative name for the native Huaorani people in Ecuador
Operation Auca, an endeavor to evangelize the Huaorani tribe
Auca (genus), a genus of butterflies in the subfamily Satyrinae of the family Nymphalidae
Auca (cartoon), a Catalan genre of story in pictures
Sociedad Deportiva Aucas, a football club from Quito, Ecuador
AUCA as an acronym
Adventist University of Central Africa
American University of Central Asia
Sugözü is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
Canadian Football News in 1934
The Sarnia Imperials, who won nine-straight Ontario Rugby Football Union titles from 1931 to 1939, won its first Grey Cup title against the Regina Roughriders, who were playing in their seventh final in 12 years. It was the last time the Regina Roughriders made it to the Grey Cup until 1951. In its first seven trips, Regina was outscored by the opposition 176–27.
Eastern Intercollegiate Union formally withdrew from Grey Cup competition.
The horn was introduced to officiating.
Regular season
Final regular season standings
Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, PF = Points For, PA = Points Against, Pts = Points
*Bold text means that they have clinched the playoffs.
* Final League game cancelled
https://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=Fr8DH2VBP9sC&dat=19341112&printsec=frontpage The Montreal Gazette – November 12, 1934 – pg. 14
League Champions
Grey Cup PlayoffsNote: All dates in 1934CIRFU FinalsQueen's does not participate in further competitionSemi FinalsVancouver advances to the Western FinalRegina advances to the Western Final.FinalsRegina won the total-point series by 29–4. Regina advances to the Grey Cup game.Sarnia advances to the Grey Cup game.Playoff Bracket
Grey Cup Championship
1934 Eastern (Combined IRFU & ORFU) All-Stars selected by Canadian PressNOTE: During this time most players played both ways, so the All-Star selections do not distinguish between some offensive and defensive positions.1st Team
QB – Carl Pernia, Montreal AAA Winged Wheelers
FW – Don Young, McGill University
HB – Hugh Welch, Montreal AAA Winged Wheelers
HB – Jack Taylor, Toronto Argonauts
DB – Ted Morris, Toronto Argonauts
E – Wes Cutler, Toronto Argonauts
E – Seymour Wilson, Hamilton Tigers
C – Lew Newton, Montreal AAA Winged Wheelers
G – Bert Adams, Montreal AAA Winged Wheelers
G – Jim Palmer, Toronto Argonauts
T – Tommy Burns, Toronto Argonauts
T – Pete Joktus, Montreal AAA Winged Wheelers2nd Team
QB – Alex Hayes, Sarnia Imperials
FW – Bud Andrew, Ottawa Rough Riders
HB – Norm Perry, Sarnia Imperials
HB – Jack Sinclair, University of Toronto
DB – Abe Eliowitz, Ottawa Rough Riders
E – Andy Henderson, University of Toronto
E – Syd Reynolds, Toronto Balmy Beach Beachers
C – John Metras, St. Michael's College
G – Joe Veroni, University of Western Ontario
G – John Baker, Sarnia Imperials
T – Abe Zvonkin, Queen's University
T – Dave Sprague, Ottawa Rough Riders
1934 Ontario Rugby Football Union All-StarsNOTE: During this time most players played both ways, so the All-Star selections do not distinguish between some offensive and defensive positions.''
QB – Alex Hayes, Sarnia Imperials
FW – Ormond Beach, Sarnia Imperials
HB – Norm Perry, Sarnia Imperials
HB – Hugh Marks, St. Michael's College
DB – Hugh Sterling, Sarnia Imperials
E – Syd Reynolds, Toronto Balmy Beach Beachers
E – John Manore, Sarnia Imperials
C – John Metras, St. Michael's College
G – Pat Bulter, Sarnia Imperials
G – Clifford Parsons, Sarnia Imperials
T – Gil Putnam, Sarnia Imperials
T – Harry Smith, Sarnia Imperials
1934 Canadian Football Awards
Jeff Russel Memorial Trophy (IRFU MVP) – Ab Box (QB), Toronto Argonauts
Imperial Oil Trophy (ORFU MVP) - Norm Perry - Sarnia Imperials
References
Canadian Football League seasons
This is a list of public art in Pimlico, a district in the City of Westminster, London.
References
Bibliography
Pimlico
Public art
Travis McNeal is a former professional American football player who played tight end for five seasons for the Seattle Seahawks and Los Angeles Rams.
References
1967 births
American football tight ends
Los Angeles Rams players
Seattle Seahawks players
Chattanooga Mocs football players
Living people
Joachim Karsch (June 20, 1897 – February 11, 1945) was a German artist. He was born in Breslau and died in Groß Gandern, Sternberg. In 1932, he won a bronze medal in the art competitions at the Los Angeles Games for his Stabwechsel ("Baton passing").
He committed suicide during World War II, instead of being taken to a Russian prisoner of war camp.
References
External links
Karsch on artnet
1897 births
1945 suicides
German artists
Olympic bronze medalists in art competitions
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Suicides in Germany
Olympic competitors in art competitions
German civilians killed in World War II
1945 deaths
Like many large cities, numerous festivals have become part of the Buffalo's culture and tradition. Though most of the festivals occur during the summer months, the city has recently pushed to have winter festivals as well, in an effort to capitalize on the region's snowy reputation.
Summer festivals
Allentown Art Festival – the largest festival of the year; held on the second weekend of June in the Allentown neighborhood
The BASH – military-themed fundraiser; proceeds go towards vital disaster preparedness education and response in Western New York communities
Buffalo Brewfest
Buffalo Gay Pride Festival
Buffalo Greek Festival
Buffalo Niagara Blues Festival
Curtain Up! – marks the beginning of the Buffalo theater season
Dożynki Polish Harvest Festival
Elmwood Avenue Festival of the Arts
Friendship Festival – joint festival with Fort Erie, Ontario celebrating Canada–United States relations
Italian Festival
Juneteenth Festival – annual celebration of the freedom of slaves
Music is Art Festival
National Buffalo Wing Festival
Nickel City Con – Upstate NY's largest comic book & pop culture festival held annually in May at the Buffalo Niagara Convention Center
Taste of Buffalo – one of the largest outdoor food festivals in the country
Thursday at the Square – weekly outdoor summer concert series on Thursday evenings during the summer and fall
Fall festivals
Buffalo International Film Festival
Winter festivals
Buffalo Ball Drop
Buffalo Powder Keg Festival
Dyngus Day Buffalo
Labatt Blue Pond Hockey
Saint Patrick's Day Parades – In addition to the parade held in the downtown area on a Sunday either before or after March 17, the "Old Neighborhood" parade is held the day before in the southern part of Buffalo, which is heavily populated by ethnic Irish residents and where the first parades were originally held.
World's Largest Disco
References
Buffalo
Ranji Smile was an immigrant to the United States who, following his efforts to popularize different methods of food preparation, in the early 20th Century, has triggered calling him "America's first celebrity chef".
In the late 1890s, when Smile was in his twenties, he was a chef in London, England, when he was hired to work in America.
He arrived in New York City in 1899, first working at Sherry's restaurant, and later offering demonstrations of how to prepare Indian cuisine.
According to Edible Brooklyn historians Sarah Lohman and Vivek Bald's research identified Smile as an example of an undocumented immigrant. Lohman found that Smile arrived in the USA without documentation, but had appeared before a senior judge, to appeal for the right to apply for citizenship, in 1904. His petition was denied. She noted that the immigration act of 1790 only allowed free white men to apply for citizenship. She noted that the Immigration Act of 1917 explicitly barred South Asian men from applying for citizenship, while also requiring them to register for the possible conscription into the Armed Services.
Smile left New York in 1929. The New York Post wrote he left an undeniable mark on the culinary landscape.
References
People from Karachi
Indian chefs
This is a list of public art in Kensington, a district in the City of Westminster and the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea in London.
City of Westminster
Royal Albert Hall frieze
The exterior of the Royal Albert Hall (built in 1867–1871 to the designs of Francis Fowke and Henry Young Darracott Scott) is embellished with a mosaic frieze composed of sixteen separate designs by multiple artists. This was assembled from 800 slabs prepared by attendees of the South Kensington Museum's mosaic class; the terracotta was manufactured by Minton, Hollins and Company. The designs are listed below in anti-clockwise order from the north.
Royal Geographical Society
Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
North Kensington and Notting Hill
South Kensington
Victoria and Albert Museum
See also
List of public art in Kensington Gardens
References
Bibliography
Kensington
Sir Reginald Fleming Johnston, (, "Sir Johnston"; 13 October 1874 – 6 March 1938) was a British diplomat who served as the tutor and advisor to Puyi, the last Emperor of China. He was also the last British Commissioner of Weihaiwei. Johnston's book Twilight in the Forbidden City (1934) was used as a source for Bernardo Bertolucci's film dramatization of Puyi's life The Last Emperor.
Early life
Johnston was born in Edinburgh, Scotland. He studied at the University of Edinburgh and later was awarded a scholarship to read modern history at Magdalen College, Oxford University.
In 1898, he joined the Colonial Service and was initially posted to Hong Kong. In 1906, he was transferred to the British leased territory at Weihaiwei on the coast of the Shandong Peninsula as a District Officer, working with Sir James Haldane Stewart Lockhart. Johnston was a keen traveller, in 1902 exploring Tonkin, Laos and Siam. In 1904 he visited Kiautschou, Jinan and later Korea. In January 1906, he undertook a year-long journey from Peking to Mandalay, publishing an account of his experiences in 1908.
A "militant anti-Christian" whose criticism of missionaries in China possibly hindered his promotion, Johnston was fascinated by Chinese Buddhism. In 1908, he had a private audience with the 13th Dalai Lama, one of the few westerners to do so. He wrote three books during his time in the service: From Peking to Mandalay (1908), Lion and Dragon in Northern China (1910), and Buddhist China (1913).
Tutor to Puyi, in the Forbidden City
In 1919, he was appointed tutor of thirteen-year-old Puyi who still lived inside the Forbidden City in Peking as a non-sovereign monarch.
As the Scottish-born tutor to the Dragon Emperor, Johnston and Isabel Ingram, daughter of an American missionary and the empress's tutor, were the only foreigners in history to be allowed inside the inner court of the Qing Dynasty. Johnston carried high imperial titles and lived in both the Forbidden City and the New Summer Palace. Johnston met the Ming dynasty Imperial descendant, the Marquis of Extended Grace Zhu Yuxun and arranged for him to meet Puyi in the Forbidden City.
More than a tutor, Johnston befriended the isolated adolescent. In his account of his time at the Forbidden City, Johnston notes the rampant corruption of the imperial household, with eunuchs selling off dynastic treasures. He obtained a bicycle and telephone for Pu Yi, and against the wishes of the retainers, much-needed spectacles.
After Puyi was expelled from the Forbidden City in 1924, Johnston served as Secretary to the British China Indemnity Commission (1926). In 1927, he was appointed the second civilian Commissioner at Weihaiwei. He ran the territory until it was returned to the Republic of China on 1 October 1930. Johnston tried to get the British diplomatic legation in Peking to host Puyi, and although the British authorities were not very interested in welcoming the former emperor, the British representative eventually gave Johnston his consent. However, he later discovered that Puyi - in view of the situation and that Johnston was not returning from his efforts - had taken refuge in the Japanese legation after being advised by Zheng Xiaoxu.
After China
Johnston was appointed Professor of Chinese in the University of London in 1931, a post based at the School of Oriental and African Studies, to which he bequeathed his library in 1935. This library, one of the finest collections of Chinese and East Asian books in the country, consists of over 16,000 volumes.
He retained his ties with Puyi, hosting one of his sisters and her husband at his house in Mortlake road, Kew in London during the 1930s.
Johnston retired in 1937, having acquired the small island of Eilean Rìgh in Loch Craignish, Scotland, Pu Yi granted Sir Reginald Fleming Johnston permission to fly the Imperial flag of Manchukuo on the Island, making it the only location outside of China to do so, and grew and Chinese style garden. After a short illness, he died in Edinburgh. In his will, he requested that no religious ceremony be conducted. In accordance with his wishes, he was cremated. His ashes were scattered on his island and the surrounding loch.
He never married but was at one stage engaged to the historian Eileen Power, and was close to author Stella Benson. Elizabeth Sparshott, to whom he was engaged at the time leading up to his death, burned many of his letters and other materials, at Johnston's request.
Johnston's book Twilight in the Forbidden City (1934) describes his experiences in Peking and was used as a source for Bernardo Bertolucci's film dramatization of Puyi's life The Last Emperor. He was portrayed by Peter O'Toole in the film.
Published works
References
Further reading
Shiona Airlie, Reginald Johnston, 2001.
Robert Bickers, "Coolie work: Sir Reginald Johnston at the School of Oriental Studies, 1931-1937", Journal of the Royal Asiatic Society, Series III, 5, 3 pp. 385–401.(November, 1995) JSTOR, www.jstor.org/stable/25183064
Raymond Lamont-Brown, Tutor to the Dragon Emperor: The Life of Sir Reginald Fleming Johnston, 1999.
Shiona Airlie, Scottish Mandarin: The Life and Times of Sir Reginald Fleming Johnston,Royal Asiatic Society, 2012.
External links
1874 births
1938 deaths
Academics of SOAS University of London
Alumni of Magdalen College, Oxford
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
British colonial governors and administrators in Asia
British sinologists
British Weihaiwei people
Civil servants from Edinburgh
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Diplomats from Edinburgh
Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
Royal tutors
Scottish colonial officials
Scottish scholars and academics
Scottish schoolteachers
Sir Robert Rich, 2nd Baronet (c. 1648 – 1 October 1699) was an English Whig politician.
Rich was the second son of Nathaniel Rich of Stondon and his wife Elizabeth Hampden, married his distant cousin, Mary Rich, and inherited her father's baronetcy by special remainder. By Mary he had four sons and several daughters. His sons were Charles, Robert, Nathaniel, and Cholmondeley, of whom the first two inherited his baronetcy in succession. Rich was a Whig Member of Parliament for Dunwich and a Lord of the Admiralty during the reign of William III. He was active in speaking on naval affairs in the House. On 5 May 1692, he was appointed Vice-Admiral of Suffolk, an office he held until a few days before his death, when he was replaced by his eldest son Charles.
References
1699 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of England
Lords of the Admiralty
Year of birth uncertain
Robert
1648 births
Whig (British political party) MPs
English MPs 1689–1690
English MPs 1690–1695
English MPs 1698–1700
1640s births
Luxon may refer to:
An obsolete synonym for the troland, a unit of conventional retinal illuminance
Luxon or a massless particle, a particle traveling at the speed of light
Benjamin Luxon (born 1937), British baritone
Christopher Luxon (born 1970), New Zealand politician and airline executive
The 2021 Campeonato Brasileiro Feminino A-2 is the 5th season of the Campeonato Brasileiro de Futebol Feminino Série A2, the second level of women's football in Brazil. The tournament is organized by the Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF). It started on 15 May and scheduled to end on 5 September 2021.
It is played by 36 teams, which qualified through state championships or other tournaments held by each of the state federations, and also by the men's CBF ranking. This last criterion exists because of the requirement that, as of 2019, all Campeonato Brasileiro Série A team in men's football a professional and youth soccer team, either in its own structure or by partnership.
Format
In the first stage, the teams were divided into six groups of six teams each. Each group was played on a single round-robin basis. The top two teams of each group and the best third-placed teams advanced to the round od 16.
Starting from the round of 16, the teams will play a single-elimination tournament on a home-and-away two-legged basis. The teams qualified for the semifinals will be promoted to 2022 Campeonato Brasileiro Feminino Série A1
Tiebreaker criteria
In case of a tie in points between two clubs, the tie-breaking criteria will be applied in the following order:
Number of wins
Goal balance
Goals scored
Number of red cards
Number of yellow cards
Prize draw
Teams
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Ranking of third-placed teams
Final stages
Bracket
Round of 16
Red Bull Bragantino won 4–1 on aggregate and advanced to quarter-finals.
Athletico Paranaense won 7–0 on aggregate and advanced to quarter-finals.
Tied 2–2 on aggregate, Real Ariquemes won on penalties and advanced to quarter-finals.
ESMAC won 1–0 on aggregate and advanced to quarter-finals.
América Mineiro won 3–2 on aggregate and advanced to quarter-finals.
Atlético Mineiro won 3–1 on aggregate and advanced to quarter-finals.
Ceará won 5–2 on aggregate and advanced to quarter-finals.
Tied 1–1 on aggregate, CRESSPOM won on penalties and advanced to quarter-finals.
Quarter-finals
Tied 4–4 on aggregate, Red Bull Bragantino won on penalties and advance to the semi-finals.
ESMAC won 3–2 on aggregate and advance to the semi-finals.
Atlético Mineiro won 3–1 on aggregate and advance to the semi-finals.
CRESSPOM won 2–0 on aggregate and advance to the semi-finals.
Semi-finals
Bragantino won 3–1 on aggregate and advance to the Finals.
Atlético Mineiro won 2–0 on aggregate and advance to the Finals.
Finals
Final classification
References
Women's football leagues in Brazil
2021 in Brazilian football
National Highway 161B, commonly called NH 161B is a national highway in India. It is a spur road of National Highway 61 through NH 161. NH-161B traverses the state of Telangana in India.
Route
Nizampet, Moodguntal, Narayanakhed, Manoor, Bellapur, Pulkurthi, Pipri, Ibrahimpur, Nyalkal, Athnoor, Dappur and terminating at Telangana/Karnataka border.
Junctions
Terminal with National Highway 161 near Nizampet.
See also
List of National Highways in India by highway number
List of National Highways in India by state
References
External links
NH 161B on OpenStreetMap
National highways in India
National Highways in Telangana
Daniel Esteban Castro Santibáñez (born 27 April 1994) is a Chilean footballer who currently plays as a forward for Primera B de Chile side Santiago Wanderers.
Career
He has become the Top Goalscorer of the fourth division of the Chilean football for three times: in 2016 playing for General Velásquez and in 2018 and 2019 playing for Deportes Limache. In 2020, he joined Unión Española in the Chilean Primera División. In 2022, he joined Santiago Wanderers in the Primera B.
Personal life
He is nicknamed Popin, like a Chilean comic TV character.
Honours
Individual
Tercera A Top Scorer (3): 2016, 2018, 2019
References
External links
Daniel Castro at CeroaCero (in Spanish)
1994 births
Living people
People from Valparaíso Province
Chilean footballers
General Velásquez footballers
Deportes Limache footballers
Unión La Calera footballers
Unión Española footballers
Santiago Wanderers footballers
Chilean Primera División players
Segunda División Profesional de Chile players
Primera B de Chile players
Association football forwards
The 1947 New York City smallpox outbreak occurred in March 1947 and was declared ended on April 24, 1947. The outbreak marked the largest mass vaccination effort ever conducted for smallpox in America. Within three weeks of the discovery of the outbreak, the U.S. Public Health Service, in conjunction with New York City health officials, had procured the smallpox vaccine and inoculated over 6,350,000 adults and children. Of that number, 5,000,000 had been vaccinated within the first two weeks. The rapid response was credited with limiting the outbreak to 12 people, 10 of whom recovered, while 2 died.
Background
On February 24, 1947, Eugene Le Bar, a 47-year-old rug merchant from Maine, and his wife, boarded a bus in Mexico City, where the couple had been vacationing, for the return trip to New York City. That evening, Le Bar fell ill with a headache and neck pain. Two days later, he developed a red rash. The couple arrived in Manhattan on March 1, checked into a midtown hotel, and did some sightseeing and shopping. By March 5, Le Bar had developed a fever and pronounced rash. He was admitted to Bellevue Hospital, but because of the rash was transferred three days later to Willard Parker Hospital, a communicable disease hospital also in Manhattan.
On admission to Willard Parker, the differential diagnosis was drug reaction (since Le Bar had reported taking proprietary headache powders and aspirin), erythema multiforme, Kaposi's varicelliform eruption, and smallpox. However, because Le Bar had a smallpox vaccination scar, an atypical rash, and no history of exposure, smallpox was immediately ruled out. A biopsy of the skin lesions did not reveal the Guarnieri bodies characteristic of smallpox. Following further tests, Le Bar was diagnosed with having a drug reaction to the headache powders and aspirin he had taken earlier. Despite supportive care, Le Bar's condition worsened, and he died on March 10.
Epidemiology
Two patients on the same floor at Willard Parker Hospital with Le Bar were discharged soon after Le Bar's death. However, both patients, one a 22-month-old baby girl who had been treated for croup, and the other, Ishmael Acosta, a 27-year-old hospital worker who had been treated for mumps, were rehospitalized on March 21 and 27, respectively, with the same rash and fever that Le Bar had. Biopsies done on lesion from both patients showed Guarnieri bodies, establishing the diagnosis of smallpox. As soon as the diagnosis was made, all the patients and staff of Willard Parker Hospital were vaccinated for smallpox, while the New York City Department of Health and the U.S. Public Health Service were notified. All the known contacts of the baby girl and Acosta were also vaccinated.
A review of Le Bar's autopsy results and reexamination of the skin lesions this time demonstrated Guarnieri bodies and confirmed Le Bar had died of smallpox. Because he was the first case, he was designated the index patient. The next concern for the health department was tracking down Le Bar's contacts, including everybody who stayed at the hotel at the same time he did.
The immediate contacts at the hotel included guests still there and those who had checked out starting on the day Le Bar checked in. Guests who were still there were all vaccinated. Those who had left and gone to other states were advised to see their doctors and get vaccinated as soon as possible. The tracing of Le Bar's contacts included all passengers on the bus trip, including those who boarded or left at stops in seven states. The U.S. Public Health Service determined that passengers had final destinations in 29 states. Warnings were sent to the public health authorities in all 29 states, and all passengers were tracked down and advised to be inoculated as soon as possible. No cases were ultimately reported in any of the hotel guests or the bus passengers.
Others who came into contact with Le Bar included patients and staff at Bellevue and Willard Parker Hospitals. Coincidentally, Ishmael Acosta, the 27-year-old man who had been rehospitalized in Willard Parker, was an orderly at Bellevue. However, no contact with Le Bar had occurred at Bellevue because Acosta was already a patient at Willard Parker when Le Bar was admitted to Bellevue. However, during the time between Acosta's discharge from and readmission to Willard Parker, he had returned to work at Bellevue. Three male patients he had prepped and transported to surgery later developed fever and rash. They were transferred to Willard Parker and all three were diagnosed with smallpox. All of Le Bar's contacts in New York City, which numbered several hundred, were vaccinated and sequestered to prevent further spread of the illness.
A 4-year-old boy being treated for whooping cough at Willard Parker Hospital was discharged on March 10, the day Eugene Le Bar died. He was transferred to Cardinal Hayes Convalescent Home for Children, a Catholic nursing facility in Millbrook, New York. He subsequently developed a rash and fever. It was later determined that he had smallpox and was the source of infection for three others at the facility, including a 62-year-old nun, a 5-year-old boy, and a 2-year-old girl.
A -year-old boy admitted to Willard Parker Hospital for treatment of whooping cough just prior to Le Bar's death also came down with smallpox and was diagnosed on March 17. In addition, Carmen Acosta—Ishmael Acosta's wife—was admitted to Willard Parker Hospital on April 6 with a rash and fever, and was diagnosed with smallpox a day later. She died on April 12.
Eugene Le Bar's wife was contacted in Maine, where she had returned after her husband's death. She had been vaccinated prior to her departure from New York and remained healthy.
Vaccination campaign
On April 4, 1947, New York City Mayor William O'Dwyer and Commissioner of Health Israel Weinstein informed the public about the smallpox outbreak and announced plans to vaccinate everybody in the city. At the time, the New York City Health Department had 250,000 individual doses of vaccine and 400,000 doses in bulk. O'Dwyer called an emergency meeting with the heads of the seven American pharmaceutical companies involved in vaccine production and asked them for a commitment to provide 6 million doses of vaccine. The pharmaceutical companies accomplished the task by putting the vaccine into round-the-clock production. Additional vaccine doses were obtained from the Army and Navy.
Vaccination clinics were set up around the city at hospitals, health department clinics, police and fire stations, and schools. Volunteers drawn from the American Red Cross, the City Health Department, off-duty police and firefighters, and the disbanded, but vast, World War II Air Raid Warden networks located in all of New York's coastal towns, went door-to-door to urge residents to get vaccinated. A radio and print ad campaign called, "Be sure, be safe, get vaccinated!" advertised the vaccination clinic locations and emphasized that vaccination was free. Within days, long lines formed outside the clinics. More than 600,000 New Yorkers were vaccinated in the first week.
The vaccination clinics began closing April 26, with the last closing May 3, 1947.
Morbidity and mortality of the disease
Twelve cases of smallpox were confirmed—9 in Manhattan and 3 in Millbrook. Seven were adults and 5 were children, the latter group all age 5 and under. The oldest patient was the 62-year-old nun. The youngest patient was the 22-month-old baby girl.
Two patients—Eugene Le Bar, age 47, and Carmen Acosta, age 25—died.
Morbidity and mortality of the vaccine
As a result of the mass vaccination, there were 46 cases of encephalitis, or inflammation of the brain and spinal cord, resulting in 8 deaths in the following weeks. However, brain tissue was examined from all 8 fatalities, and in a report on the outbreak written by Commissioner of Health Weinstein, he stated that they had other diseases of the central nervous system and none had encephalitis. Three deaths were clearly related to other complications of the vaccine—a 66-year-old man who developed sepsis from an infected vaccination site, and two infants with eczema who developed generalized vaccinia after contact with others who had been vaccinated. Two additional victims who received the smallpox vaccine and died were named in newspaper reports—Benjamin F. Cohen, age 41, of Newark, New Jersey, who died on May 5, a little more than two weeks after being vaccinated, and Nancy Jean Vanderhoof, age 3, of New Providence, New Jersey, who died May 7, a week after receiving her vaccination. According to the Center for Disease Control, the rate for post-vaccination encephalitis following the smallpox vaccine is 3 to 12 per million, and the fatality rate is about 1 in a million. (Since this was the largest vaccination campaign ever, it is likely to have contributed substantially to the C.D.C.'s data and estimates.)
Postscripts
Even President Harry S. Truman received a vaccination for a brief trip to give a speech in New York City to news reporters.
There were two additional cases of smallpox transmitted in the New York City area at that same time—a merchant seaman who had temporarily lived with relatives in Manhattan from March 4 to 15, and R.C. Smith, a man who lived in Trenton, New Jersey, and died nearby in Camden, New Jersey, on April 17, 1947. Neither had any known contact with Le Bar or any of the cases traced to him.
New York Yankees pitcher Bill Bevens became ill from his vaccination and had to miss his scheduled start on April 29, 1947.
Bronx resident Sylvia Steinberg posed as a nurse representing a hospital and vaccinated about 500 people with water over three days. She pleaded guilty to unlawful practice of medicine, assault, and illegal possession of a hypodermic needle, and was sentenced to six months in jail.
The events associated with the smallpox outbreak were dramatized in the Columbia Pictures movie The Killer That Stalked New York, released in 1950.
These events were also dramatized in the 1950 Radio show "Science Magazine of the Air" in episode #134 entitled "The Bell's Toll."
On January 3, 2021, Dr. Anthony Fauci, the Brooklyn-born Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, described his own experience in the 1947 smallpox outbreak, in specifying the potential speed of the U.S. national COVID-19 vaccination program. Fauci stated, "New York City, in March and April of 1947, vaccinated 6,350,000 people; 5 million of which they did in two weeks. I was a six-year-old boy who was one of those who got vaccinated. So if New York City can do 5 million in two weeks, the United States could do a million a day. We can do it."
See also
Super-spreader
Herd immunity
List of cutaneous conditions
Mathematics of mass vaccination
Vaccine-naive
Willard Parker Hospital
References
External links
New York Historical Society: 1947 Smallpox Vaccination Campaign
CDC Smallpox Overview
New York City smallpox outbreak
Smallpox outbreak
1947 disease outbreaks
New York City smallpox outbreak
Disasters in New York City
Disease outbreaks in the United States
Infectious disease deaths in New York (state)
New York City smallpox outbreak
New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene
Smallpox epidemics
Smallpox in the United States
Elvendoğlu Ali Pasha, known in Arabic as Ali Pasha ibn Alwan, was an Ottoman statesman. He was appointed the beylerbey (governor-general) of Damascus Eyalet by the vizier Ibrahim Pasha in October 1585, the same month in which a certain Husrev Pasha was appointed to the same post by the Sublime Porte (Ottoman imperial government in Constantinople; the Porte abrogated Husrev Pasha's assignment, appointing him instead to Baghdad Eyalet. Ali Pasha was charged with continuing Ibrahim Pasha's suppression of Druze and other rebels in Mount Lebanon and its environs, and was responsible for the capture of several chieftains, including Muhammad Assaf, Ali Harfush, Mansur ibn Furaykh and chiefs of the Tanukhs, all of whom were sent to Constantinople. He was replaced as beylerbey by his predecessor Uveys Pasha in June 1586. Ali Pasha was appointed beylerbey of Baghdad Eyalet for a few days in late 1586.
References
Bibliography
16th-century people of the Ottoman Empire
Ottoman governors of Damascus
is a private women's junior college in the city of Okazaki in Aichi Prefecture, Japan. It was established in 1965.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1965
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Aichi Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
1965 establishments in Japan
Okazaki, Aichi
Merrick Road is an east–west urban arterial in Queens, Nassau, and Suffolk counties in New York, United States. It is known as Merrick Boulevard or Floyd H. Flake Boulevard in Queens, within New York City.
Merrick Road runs east from the Queens neighborhood of Jamaica through Merrick past the county line between Nassau and Suffolk into Amityville, where it becomes Montauk Highway at the Amityville–Copiague village/hamlet line. The easternmost portion of Merrick Road, from Carman Mill Road to its eastern terminus, signed as part of New York State Route 27A (NY 27A). At one time, the entire length of Merrick Road was signed as NY 27A; currently, the entire portion within Nassau County is currently designated as the unsigned County Route 27 (CR 27). Merrick Road travels along an old right-of-way that was one of the original paths across southern Long Island, stretching from Queens to Montauk Point.
Merrick Road's name comes from the Algonquin word "Meroke", meaning "oyster bed". The section of Merrick Boulevard in Queens was renamed Floyd H. Flake Boulevard in October 2020, in honor of Floyd Flake, senior pastor of the Greater Allen A. M. E. Cathedral of New York in Jamaica.
Route description
Merrick Boulevard, also known as Floyd H. Flake Boulevard, begins at NY 25 (Hillside Avenue) as a two-lane, one-way street heading eastbound (compass south at this point), which continues north of Hillside Avenue as 166th Street. Two blocks to the south of Hillside Avenue, Merric Boulevard passes by the Central Branch of the Queens Library and the 165th Street Bus Terminal. A block to its east, 168th Street provides for westbound traffic. Just south of Liberty Avenue, the two directions join together to form a four-lane, divided Merrick Boulevard. Among the parks that the road passes are Proctor-Hopson Circle, St. Albans Park, and Roy Wilkins Park. Merrick Boulevard gradually turns southeast and east, passing through Springfield Gardens, Laurelton and crossing the Belt Parkway before leaving Queens into Nassau County, where it becomes Merrick Road. The section of Merrick Boulevard in Queens was renamed Floyd H. Flake Boulevard in October 2020, in honor of Floyd Flake, senior pastor of the Greater Allen A. M. E. Cathedral of New York in Jamaica.
Merrick Road is one of the old roads along the southern side of Long Island; it has since been replaced by Sunrise Highway (NY 27) for most through traffic. At Rockville Centre, bridges take it over NY 27, with four directional ramps forming a partial interchange. Farther east, it serves as the southern end for state roads such as NY 107, NY 110, and the Seaford–Oyster Bay Expressway (NY 135).
NY 27A begins as a split from NY 27 in East Massapequa, where NY 27 leaves the original Sunrise Gold Circle, which is now Old Sunrise Highway (unsigned NY 900D) east of the split. NY 27A quickly turns south off Old Sunrise Highway onto Carman Mill Road, which ends at Merrick Road. Merrick Road from that point east continues through Massapequa over the Nassau/Suffolk border into Amityville, Suffolk County, where it becomes Montauk Highway at the Amityville/Copiague village/hamlet line. Amityville is the only town in Suffolk County where southernmost major road is known as Merrick Road (it is known as Montauk Highway in every other settlement along the South Shore of Suffolk County.
Both the Meadowbrook State Parkway and the Wantagh State Parkway have interchanges with Merrick Road. A truck needing to make a delivery to the barrier beaches along Ocean Parkway may enter either parkway southbound at this road and at no point farther north.
Transportation
The Q5 is the main option for public transportation in Queens, running on Merrick Boulevard between Archer Avenue and Hook Creek Boulevard. The Q84 and the Q85 both serve Merrick Boulevard between Archer Avenue and Baisley Boulevard. The Q4 serves it between Archer Avenue and Linden Boulevard.
The n4/n4x is the main mode of public transportation on Merrick Road in Nassau County, serving it between 165th Street Bus Terminal and Freeport LIRR, running closed door service in Queens, with the n19 serving Merrick Road between Freeport LIRR and Unqua Road.The 165th Street Bus Terminal is located on Merrick Boulevard and 89th Avenue, serving multiple MTA bus routes and 4 Nassau Inter-County Express bus routes.
Major intersections
See also
List of county routes in Nassau County, New York
Proctor-Hopson Circle
References
External links
Streets in Queens, New York
Transportation in Nassau County, New York
John McMullen (January 8, 1832 – July 4, 1883) was an Irish-born prelate of the bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as the first bishop of the Diocese of Davenport in Iowa from 1881 to until his death in1883.
Biography
Early life
John McMullen was born in Ballynahinch, County Down, Ireland, to James and Alice (Fitzsimmons) McMullen, and was one of ten children. When he was one year old, his family immigrated to Canada. In 1837 they moved to Ogdensburg, New York, and later to Chicago.
McMullen was educated in the Chicago Public Schools and then in parochial schools. He received his secondary and undergraduate studies at the University of St. Mary of the Lake in Chicago, graduating in 1852. McMullen then went to Rome to study at College of the Propaganda and the Pontifical Urban College, where he received a Doctor of Divinity degree.
Priesthood
McMullen was ordained to the priesthood in Rome by Archbishop Antonio Ligi-Bussi on June 20, 1858, for what was then the Diocese of Chicago.
After returning to Chicago, McMullen was assigned as an assistant pastor at St. Mary's Cathedral Parish. During this time, he helped to establish the House of the Good Shepherd in Chicago, which cared for female former prostitutes. He also established orphanages for both boys and girls. McMullen would solicit contributions door to door to support theses institutions. He was a frequent visitor to the Cook County Jail and Bridewell House of Corrections, bringing newspapers and other reading material to the inmates.
From 1861 to 1866, McMullen served as president of University of St. Mary of the Lake, building facilities for the school. In 1865 he established the short-lived Catholic Monthly magazine at the school. Due to lack of funding, the university closed in 1866, leaving only the seminary open. Mullen was then appointed as the founding pastor for both St. Louis and St. Paul's Parishes in Chicago.
McMullen accompanied Bishop James Duggan in 1866 as one of his theologians to the Second Council of Baltimore. When Duggan's mental state started to deteriorate, McMullen traveled to the Vatican in 1868 as a representative of the diocesan clergy to inform the pope. He was named the pastor of St. Rose of Lima Parish in Wilmington, Illinois, and started a new parish in Braidwood, Illinois.
McMullen was named pastor of Holy Name Parish in Chicago and spent $19,000 on renovations. On October 8, 1871, the Great Chicago Fire destroyed the cathedral and every structure that McMullen had built in Chicago, including Holy Name Church.After the fire, McMullen and other Chicago priests traveled across the United States and Canada fundraising to rebuild Chicago's churches and assist the fire victims. He then built the present Holy Name Cathedral, which was consecrated on November 21, 1875. In 1877, McMuller was named vicar general by Bishop Thomas Foley. After Foley's death, McMullen was named administrator of the diocese; he was renamed vicar general after the installation of Archbishop Patrick Feehan.
Bishop of Davenport
On June 14, 1881, McMullen was appointed the first bishop of the newly created Diocese of Davenport. He was consecrated bishop by Archbishop Feehan on July 25, 1881, in Holy Name Cathedral. The principal co-consecrators were Bishops John Hennessy and John Spalding.
As bishop, McMullen chose St. Margaret's Church in Davenport to be the new cathedral He did not own his own episcopal insignia or robes, but used those of the late Bishop Foley. Soon after arriving in Davenport McMullen went to visit the parishes in his diocese. He traveled by stagecoach, buggy, lumber wagon, hand car and passenger coach on the train. While on visitation he administered the sacrament of Confirmation. By December 1881, McMullen confirmed over 7,000 people, and by the end of 1882, the number rose to 13,000.
McMullen called the diocese's first synod in 1882 to set its procedures and regulations. In September 1882, he founded St. Ambrose, a seminary and school of commerce for young men in Davenport. McMullen's health soon failed, however. He attempted to travel to Rome for treatment, but was too sick to sail out of New York. He also traveled to California, where he fell gravely ill.
Death and legacy
On July 4, 1883, John McMullen died from stomach cancer in Davenport, having served as bishop for less than two years.
Archbishop Feehan celebrated the Requiem Mass and Bishop Spalding preached the sermon. McMullen was initially buried in the crypt of St. Margaret's Cathedral, and then his body was transferred to the crypt of Sacred Heart Cathedral after it was built. His remains were eventually were transferred to the Bishop's Circle of Mt. Calvary Cemetery in Davenport. McMullen Hall, a classroom building at St. Ambrose, was named in his honor.
References
External links
The Life and Writings of the Right Reverend John McMullen, D.D. First Bishop of Davenport, Iowa
1832 births
1883 deaths
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago
Roman Catholic bishops of Davenport
St. Ambrose University
19th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the United States
Irish emigrants to the United States (before 1923)
People from Ballynahinch, County Down
People from Chicago
University of Saint Mary of the Lake alumni
Pontifical Urban University alumni
Religious leaders from Illinois
Catholics from Illinois
The 2013 CEV Moto3 season was the second season using Moto3 bikes, the title was claimed by 14-year-old Frenchman Fabio Quartararo by a single point from Marcos Ramírez. María Herrera became the first female rider to win a CEV race.
Calendar
Championship standings
Scoring system
Points are awarded to the top fifteen finishers. A rider has to finish the race to earn points.
FIM CEV Moto3 Junior World Championship
CEV Moto3
CEV Moto3
Gasdermin A is a protein that in humans is encoded by the GSDMA gene.
References
Further reading
Wolfgang Eduard Josef Weber (born 28 July 1950) is a German historian. He is the director and executive scientific secretary of the Institute for European Cultural History at the University of Augsburg and a professor of modern and contemporary history, especially European cultural history.
Life
Born in Freiburg im Breisgau, Weber went to primary schools and to the Humanist , passed his Abitur in 1970 and, after completing his military service, studied history, political science and social science at the Albert-Ludwigs-Universität Freiburg from 1972. Following his teacher training examination in 1977, he initially received a doctoral scholarship and went to the University of Augsburg as a research assistant, where he received his doctorate in 1982. Weber habilitated in 1988 in modern and contemporary history.
After various substitute professorships and teaching assignments as well as a one-year visiting professorship at Emory University in Atlanta/Georgia, USA in 1990/1991, he took up his position at the University of Augsburg.
In 2009, Weber was awarded the Pro Suebia prize in Ottobeuren for his initiative and successful acquisition of third-party funding for the preparation of a scholarly edition of the Augsburg Chronicle of Georg Kölderer (circa 1600). The prize, endowed with a total of 20,000 euros by the Dr. Eugen Liedl Stiftung zur Förderung der Erforschung der Bayerisch-Schwäbischen Landesgeschichte (Dr. Eugen Liedl Foundation for the Promotion of Research into Bavarian-Swabian Regional History), is awarded in equal parts to an outstanding scientific and an outstanding artistic achievement.
Research
Wolfgang E. J. Weber, who published under the name Wolfgang Weber until around 2000, has been a specialist in the social and cultural history of 19th and 20th century German since his doctoral thesis. Since then, he has been working on political theory and the history of ideas of the 17th century from various perspectives, especially the Latin prints in this field. Other areas of research are the cultural history of princes and dynasties, the theories and methods of historical scholarship, university history and the history of the Middle East conflict.
Publications
Priester der Klio. Historisch-sozialwissenschaftliche Studien zur Herkunft und Karriere deutscher Historiker und zur Geschichte der deutschen Geschichtswissenschaft 1800–1970. Lang, Frankfurt among others 1984, (Europäische Hochschulschriften series 3, vol. 216).
Biographisches Lexikon zur Geschichtswissenschaft in Deutschland, Österreich und der Schweiz. Die Lehrstuhlinhaber von den Anfängen des Faches bis 1970. Lang, Frankfurt among others 1984, .
Die USA und Israel. Zur Geschichte und Gegenwart einer politischen Symbiose. Steiner, Stuttgart 1991, .
Prudentia gubernatoria. Studien zur Herrschaftslehre in der deutschen Politischen Wissenschaft des 17. Jahrhunderts. Niemeyer, Tübingen 1992, (Studia Augustana, vol. 4).
Caspar Thurmann: Bibliotheca statistica. Politik, Staatsrecht und Zeitgeschichte in einer frühneuzeitlichen Bibliographie raisonné. Editor and eingel von Wolfgang Weber, Vögel Munich 2000, (Nachdruck der Ausgabe Halle 1701).
Geschichte der europäischen Universität. Kohlhammer Verlag, Stuttgart 2002, (Inhalt, PDF, 55 KB).
(edited with Philipp Gassert, Günther Kronenbitter, Stefan Paulus): Augsburg und Amerika. Aneignungen und globale Verflechtungen in einer Stadt (Documenta Augustana. Volume 24). Wißner, Augsburg 2013, .
References
External links
20th-century German historians
University of Augsburg faculty
1950 births
Living people
Writers from Freiburg im Breisgau
George James Cosmo Douglas (1889 - 7 January 1973) was a Scottish Episcopalian priest during the 20th century.
Douglas was born in 1889. He was educated at the University of Edinburgh and ordained in 1914.
He began his ordained ministry with a curacy at St Paul's Cathedral, Dundee, after which he was a chaplain to the British Armed Forces. After the war he became the priest in charge of St Andrew's and St George's Rosyth and then the rector of St John the Baptist's Dundee. He became Provost of the Cathedral of the Isles in 1949 and then, concurrently, Dean of Argyll and The Isles - posts he held until his death on 7 January 1973.
He is buried in the churchyard of the Cathedral of the Isles.
References
1889 births
1973 deaths
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Scottish Episcopalian clergy
Provosts of the Cathedral of The Isles
Deans of Argyll and The Isles
Scottish military chaplains
World War I chaplains
Rofleponide is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed.
References
Corticosteroid cyclic ketals
Cyclic acetals with aldehydes
Diketones
Diols
Fluoroarenes
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
Abandoned drugs
Priyam is a 2000 Indian Malayalam-language comedy film directed by Sanal and starring Kunchacko Boban, Arun, Ashwin, Manjima Mohan and Deepa Nair in the lead roles. Priyam is a remake of the Hindi film Hum Hain Rahi Pyar Ke. It was released in 31 March 2000 and was commercial success at box-office.
Plot
Benny, an orphan, takes care of his sister's three children. Benny's best friend at the orphanage was Annie, who was taken away by her father. She decides to return to Benny. But fate has other plans.
Cast
Kunchako Boban as Benny
Deepa Nair as Annie Joshua
Thilakan as Church Priest
Jagathy Sreekumar as Unni
Shruthi Raj as Nancy (Thomachan's daughter)
Devan as Joshua
Jyothi Meena
Sukumari as Joshua's mother
Master Arun as Tinu
Master Ashwin Thampi as Vinu
Baby Manjima Mohan as Anu
N. F. Varghese as Avarachan
Indrans as Unni's Assistant
Kanakalatha as Unni's Wife
Soundtrack
The film's soundtrack contains six songs, all composed by Berny Ignatius, with lyrics by S. Ramesan Nair.
References
External links
2000 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by Berny–Ignatius
Films scored by M. Jayachandran
John Norum (born 23 February 1964) is a Norwegian-Swedish rock guitarist and one of the founders of the Swedish rock band Europe. Concurrent to his role with Europe, he also maintains a career as a solo artist.
Studio albums
Extended plays
Live albums
Singles
Music videos
Collaborations
References
Discographies of Norwegian artists
Heavy metal discographies
Dennilton is a town in Sekhukhune District Municipality in the Limpopo province of South Africa.
The town, which consists of 99.5% of Black residents, lies on the provincial border with Mpumalanga and much travel to their places of work in Gauteng on a daily basis. Before the town was incorporated into Limpopo it was part of Mpumalanga Province. Most people from this area do their shopping in Groblersdal, Middelburg, Marble Hall and Pretoria.
References
Populated places in the Elias Motsoaledi Local Municipality
Esil District may also refer to:
Esil District, North Kazakhstan Region, a district of North Kazakhstan Region in Kazakhstan.
Esil District, Akmola Region, a district of Akmola Region in Kazakhstan.
The Kār-Nāmag ī Ardašīr ī Pāpakān ("Book of the Deeds of Ardeshir, Son of Papak") (New ), is a short Middle Persian prose tale written in the Sassanid period (226-651). The story narrates the story of Ardashir I, the founder of the Sassanid dynasty. His own life story—his rise to the throne, battle against the Parthian king Ardawān (or Artabanus), and conquest of the empire by the scion of the House of Sāsān, as well as episodes concerning his heir Šābuhr and the latter's son, Ohrmazd.
After Ardashir was born, son of Pabag's daughter and Sāsān, he spent his childhood in the court of Artabanus IV of Parthia and then ran away with a maidservant of the King. After several wars with Artabanus, Ardashir I defeated and killed the king, and thus could found the new empire. The Karnamag is permeated with Zoroastrian doctrine.
Manuscripts
The sole independent manuscript of this text to have been identified so far is codex MK, which was copied in 1322 in Gujarat by Mihrābān ī Kay-Husraw, a gifted copyist belonging to a well known family of scribes. The book narrates the epic adventures of Ardashir I, the founder of the Sassanid Empire. The story relates how Ardashir's father Papak, dreamed that his father Sassan would be reborn as Ardashir. According to the story, Ardashir I was the natural son of Sassan. A rescension of the same story is found in the Shahnama. However, the contents of the text draw from more ancient Iranian lore, since some traits of Ardashir's life as narrated in this work reflect themes known from the legend of Cyrus the Great.
Mary Boyce, a British scholar of Iranian languages, commented that "[t]his is a short prose work, simple in style, probably written in Pars towards the end of the Sasanian period. It too was evidently the work of priests, and a comparison of it with Firdausi's rendering shows how effectively Zoroastrian elements were obliterated in the Muslim redaction. The Kârnâmag contains some historical details; but its generally romantic character has been explained as due to contamination with legends of Cyrus the Great, still current then in Pars."
Plot
The story starts with the birth of Ardashir to Papak's daughter and Sāsān, a descendant of the Kayanian royal house. He leaves his home to be educated by Ardavan, but after an argument with Ardavan's son he is demoted to overseer of the stables. After some time, a favorite maid of the Parthian king Ardavan fell in love with Ardashir and informed him of a prophecy that had been announced to the sovereign by the chief astrologer about Ardashir's future greatness. The maid escaped Ardavan's domain and together with Ardashir, they escape on two horses stolen from his stables along with a sizeable quantity of treasure, weapons, and armor. Ardavan and his troops follow on the trail of the maiden and Ardashir. During this pursuit, Ardavan questions passers-by, who tell them that had seen the couple on the run followed by a large ram. The king interrogates his Dastur about the meaning of this scene, and the sage answers that the ram represents the royal xwarrah, which had not yet joined with Ardashir. In the Persian mythology, once a king possesses the divine xwarrah, he is invincible. During the second day of pursuit, Ardavan is told that the ram sat on the back of Ardashir I's horse. He is then advised by the Dastur to stop his pursuit since Ardashir I now possess the divine xwarrah. The story follows with the description of Ardashir's triumph over Ardavan in the battle of Hormuzagān. Then follows his campaign against a group of nomads and then his victory against Haftobād (a giant worm) through a stratagem suggested by the pious brothers Burzag and Burz-Ādur. He defeats Haftobād by pouring molten copper down the creature's throat.
The last part of the story relates to the son of Ardashir, Shapur I, and the life of the son of the latter, Ohrmazd. Ardashir's wife, the daughter of Ardawān, instigated by her brothers, makes an attempt on the king's life. The plot fails and Ardashīr sentences her to death, notwithstanding her but the wise and compassionate Zoroastrian priest, without the knowledge of Ardashir, spares her life so that she may give birth to Shapur. Shapur is raised in the house of the Mowbed. Ardashir had no knowledge of the priest sparing the life of his son. According to the Shahnama, the holy man castrates himself in order to be beyond all suspicion. Years later the Mowbed tells Ardashir that he saved Shapur I and consequently is rewarded by Ardashir I. An Indian astrologer foretells that Iran will only be strong if Ardashir's family is united with that of his mortal enemy Mihrag. Ardashir, however had fought the family of Mihrag and exterminated them. However, a girl from the family of Mihrag survives and marries Shapur. Thus the son of Shapur, Ohrmazd, is born and he unites the entire Eranshahr under his command and receives tribute and homage from the other kings of the time.
Translations
The story has been translated to numerous languages. The oldest English translation was translated by Darab Dastur Peshotan Sanjana, B.A., 1896..
Middle Persian and modern Persian comparison
Middle Persian transliteration in Latin script:
pad kārnāmag ī ardaxšīr ī pābagān ēdōn nibišt ēstād kū pas az marg ī alaksandar ī hrōmāyīg ērānšahr 240 kadag-xwadāy būd. spahān ud pārs ud kustīhā ī awiš nazdīktar pad dast ī ardawān sālār būd. pābag marzobān ud šahryār ī pārs būd ud az gumārdagān ī ardawān būd. ud pad staxr nišast. ud pābag rāy ēč frazand ī nām-burdār nē būd.
ud sāsān šubān ī pābag būd ud hamwār abāg gōspandān būd ud az tōhmag ī dārā ī dārāyān būd ud andar dušxwadāyīh ī alaksandar ō wirēg ud nihān-rawišnīh ēstād ud abāg kurdān šubānān raft.
Modern Persian translation:
در کارنامهٔ اردشیر بابکان ایدون نوشته شده‌است که پس از مرگ اسکندر رومی، ایرانشهر را ۲۴۰ کدخدای بود. اسپهان و پارس و سامان‌های نزدیک به آن‌ها در دست سالار اردوان بود. بابک شهریار و مرزبان پارس و از گماردگان اردوان بود و در (شهرِ) استخر نشیمن داشت. بابک را هیچ فرزند نا‌م‌برداری نبود. و ساسان، (که) شبانِ بابک بود، همواره همراه با گوسفندان بود و از تخمهٔ دارایِ دارایان بود. و اندر دژخدایی (= حکومتِ بد) اسکندر به گریز و نهان‌روش شده بود و با کُردهای شبان می‌رفت.
See also
Pahlavi literature
Notes
External links
The Middle Persian text (transcription into the Latin alphabet)
Editions in the Internet Archive containing the text in the original Pahlavi script: 1. Nosherwan, 1896, 2. Sanjana, 1896 (note: the Latin transcriptions in these works are outdated)
English translation of the Book of the Deeds of Ardashir, Son of Babag
C. G. CERETI, "KĀR-NĀMAG Ī ARDAŠĪR Ī PĀBAGĀN" in Encyclopædia Iranica
Further reading
Kassock, Zeke, (2013), Karnamag i Ardashir i Papagan: A Pahlavi Student's 2013 Guide, , A typed version with an updated transcription and translation.
Sasanian Empire
Middle Persian literature
Persian words and phrases
Ardashir I
Chunky Move is an Australian contemporary dance company from Southbank, Victoria
It was founded in 1995 and debuted at the Melbourne International Arts Festival with artistic director Gideon Obarzanek.
The company's work is diverse and has included stage, new-media and installation works. Chunky Move has toured extensively including the United States of America, Singapore, Hong Kong, France, Germany, Hungary, United Kingdom, Colombia, Japan, Belgium, Canada and Russia. Reviews of their performances are regularly published in the Village Voice.
In 2011 Gideon Obarzanek announced that he would be stepping down as artistic director. Anouk van Dijk was announced as the new artistic director, starting her new role in 2012 - 2018. In December 2018, Antony Hamilton was appointed artistic director of the company. Since commencing this role in April 2019, the team has been signalling the programming that will be characteristic of Chunky Move's future, including the presentation of Token Armies for Melbourne International Arts Festival 2019. In 2020 Chunky Move celebrates its 25th anniversary.
Works include:
Token Armies (2019) - Antony Hamilton
Universal Estate (2019) - Antony Hamilton
Simulcast (2019)
Next Move 11 (2018)
Common Ground (2018)
Accumulation (2018)
REDSHIFT (2017)
ANTI—GRAVITY (2017)
Next Move 9 (works by Jo Lloyd, Nicola Gunn and Melanie Lane, 2016)
L U C I D (2016)
Rule of Thirds (2016)
Depth of Field (2015)
Miss Universal (2015)
Complexity of Belonging (2014)
It Cannot Be Stopped (2014)
247 Days (2013)
Embodiment 1:1:1
An Act of Now (2012)
Keep Everything (2012)
AORTA(choreographed by Stepahnie Lake, 2013)
gentle is the power'AssemblyIt Sounds Silly (choreographed by Adam Wheeler)ConnectedFakerMix Tape (choreographed by Stephanie Lake) awarded 2010 Green Room Award: Best Choreography - Stephanie Lake and 2010 Green Room Award: Best Male Dancer - Timothy Ohl Mortal EngineBlack Marrow" (choreographed by Erna Ómarsdóttir and Damien Jalet)
Glow (2007) using a "sophisticated video tracking system" and "interactive video technologies" with Frieder Weiss's interactive system design
disagreeable object (choreographed by Michelle Heaven)
I Like This (choreographed by Antony Hamilton and Byron Perry)
Dance Like Your Old Man (film)
Two Faced Bastard
I Want to Dance Better at Parties (2006)
Tense Dave (2005) awarded the 2005 Bessie Award for Choreography
Wanted: ballet for a contemporary democracy
Closer
Arcade
Crumpled
Corrupted 2
Connected
References
External links
Chunky Move
Chunky Move Collection at the Performing Arts Collection, Arts Centre Melbourne
Chunky Move at Australia Dancing
Archive footage of Chunky Move performing Tense Dave at Jacob's Pillow in 2005
Dance companies in Australia
Performing arts in Melbourne
Contemporary dance companies
Goofy Groceries is a 1941 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies animated short film directed by Bob Clampett. The short was released on March 29, 1941.
Bearing a similar premise to earlier WB shorts Speaking of the Weather and Have You Got Any Castles? but having a cast inspired by food products instead of magazines or books, the cartoon was written by Melvin Millar and produced by Leon Schlesinger. The animators included Vive Risto, Izzy Ellis, John Carey, Rod Scribner. and Cal Dalton.
Plot
The cartoon takes place one winter night, in a grocery store whose owner has just closed the shop. The mascots on the labels of the food products come to life and perform various song and dance numbers.
First, a cow for "Contented Milk" sings to a "Fulla Bull Tobacco" bull "If I Could Be with You," while two other cows on cans reading "Discontented Milk" ogle and whistle at the bull. Meanwhile, a crab imitating Ned Sparks states "This love stuff makes me sick!", after which a rabbit named Jack Bunny (a parody of Jack Benny and also a same name from I Love to Singa) tells the music maestro (a dish mop caricaturing Leopold Stokowski) to start up, and a label for "Big Top Popcorn" comes to life while a dog barker for "Barker's Dog Food" addresses the crowd and introduces each of the circus's attractions including "Little Egypt Wiggly Gum," "Billy Posie's Aquackade" swimmers (a parody of Footlight Parade's "By a Waterfall"), and the "Tomato Can Can Dancers". Meanwhile, an "Animal Crackers" gorilla (intended to parody King Kong) hears the noise and starts growling, at one point stating to the audience, "Gosh, ain't I repulsive?" This gorilla stares at the female performers and smiles, he then begins his attack attempting to abduct one of the "Can Can Dancers"; Jack Bunny sees this and rides a bottle of "Horse Radish" while an army of "Navy Beans" and "Turtle Soup Turtles" shoots at the gorilla, who defends himself with a Roman candle while at one point destroying the bottle of Horse Radish that Jack is riding. Jack sees a box of "Chocolate-Covered A1 Cherries" and snatches the axe on the label amid cheering from an army of chicks, at which point the gorilla shoots the axe with the candle causing it to shrink. As Jack Bunny dons a sheepish grin and backs into a corner, the image resembling Superman on a box of "Superguy Soap Chips" comes to life at the sight of the gorilla lighting a stick of dynamite with Bunny's cigar. Superguy flies up to the gorilla and shouts at him, "Hey, you big ape!" and the gorilla replies "Yeah?" which scares Superguy so much that he turns into a helpless, whining baby. Then, as the gorilla is about to destroy Jack Bunny with the dynamite in his hand, a firm voice calls out "HENRY!!!" (in reference to the opening of The Aldrich Family), causing him to pause and run towards the direction of the voice, becoming meek and saying in a frightened voice "Coming, mother!" (another reference to the opening) while his apparent "mother" drags him away by his ear, harshly chastising him for his naughty behaviors as he pleads for mercy. Jack Bunny breathes a sigh of relief only to realize he's still holding the dynamite, which explodes leaving him in blackface. After being exploded on, he then concludes the cartoon with an Eddie Rochester impression: "My oh my, tattletale grey!"
Home media
The cartoon is available restored, uncut, and uncensored on Disc 2 of the 2005 DVD Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 3. It was also released on The Golden Age Of Looney Tunes Volume 2 laserdisc.
References
External links
1941 films
Merrie Melodies short films
Films directed by Bob Clampett
American musical comedy films
1941 animated films
1940s Warner Bros. animated short films
The Indira Gandhi Stadium is located in Solapur, in the Indian state of Maharashtra. The venue has a capacity of 30,000 and most of the places are standing places. The stands are not covered with a roof. It is used for several events, but mainly for cricket matches. The stadium became one of the largest sports venues by capacity in the Indian state of Maharashtra. The venue is named after Indira Gandhi, the fourth prime minister of India.
The stadium had witnessed 10 first class matches and five List A match from 1952 to 1994.
References
External links
cricketarchive
cricinfo
wikimapia
Football venues in Maharashtra
Cricket grounds in Maharashtra
Solapur
Buildings and structures in Maharashtra
Sports venues in Maharashtra
1972 establishments in Maharashtra
Zangasso (also Sangasso) is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 452 square kilometers and includes 10 settlements. In the 2009 census it had a population of 19,925. The small town of Zangasso (or Sangasso), the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 30 km southwest of Koutiala on the Route Nationale 11 that links Koutiala with Sikasso.
The French explorer René Caillié stopped at Zangasso on 12 February 1828 on his journey to Timbuktu. He was travelling with a caravan transporting kola nuts to Djenné. In his book Travels through Central Africa to Timbuctoo published in 1830, he spelled the name of the village as Sanasso. He wrote:
As we advanced the soil became sandy and well cultivated. The country was generally open, yet there were some cés and nédés rhamnus lotus and nauclea. We met a numerous caravan from Jenné, laden with salt. This caravan was composed of about two hundred men, sixty women, and twenty five asses. About nine o'clock in the morning we halted at Sanasso. From Toumaré to Jenné, wood is so scarce that the greater part of the inhabitants burn millet stubble. Sanasso is shaded by bombaces and baobabs. Like all Bambara villages in this region, it is built of bricks baked in the sun. The houses have only a ground floor: they are very dirty, and surrounded with walls.
Caillié recorded details of many of the plants. The "cés" are shea trees Vitellaria paradoxa (formerly Butyrospermum parkii) from which shea butter is made. "Nédé" is Parkia biglobosa. Rhamnus lotus is a synonym for Ziziphus lotus, and his nauclea were probably Mitragyna inermis.
Notes
References
Sources
.
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Karamık, Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
George Stubbs (25 August 1724 – 10 July 1806) was an English painter, best known for his paintings of horses. Self-trained, Stubbs learnt his skills independently from other great artists of the 18th century such as Reynolds or Gainsborough. Stubbs' output includes history paintings, but his greatest skill was in painting animals, perhaps influenced by his love and study of anatomy. His series of paintings on the theme of a lion attacking a horse are early and significant examples of the Romantic movement that emerged in the late 18th century. His painting, Whistlejacket hangs in the National Gallery, London.
Biography
Stubbs was born in Liverpool, the son of a currier, or leather-dresser, John Stubbs, and his wife Mary. Information on his life until the age of 35 or so is sparse, relying almost entirely on notes made by Ozias Humphry, a fellow artist and friend; Humphry's informal memoir, which was not intended for publication, was based on a series of private conversations he had with Stubbs around 1794, when Stubbs was 70 years old, and Humphry 52.
Stubbs worked at his father's trade until the age of 15 or 16, at which point he told his father that he wished to become a painter. While initially resistant, Stubbs's father (who died not long after in 1741), eventually acquiesced in his son's choice of a career path, on the condition that he could find an appropriate mentor. Stubbs subsequently approached the Lancashire painter and engraver Hamlet Winstanley, and was briefly engaged by him in a sort of apprenticeship relationship, probably not more than several weeks in duration. Having initially demonstrated his abilities and agreed to do some copying work, Stubbs had access to and opportunity to study the collection at Knowsley Hall near Liverpool, the estate where Winstanley was then residing; however, he soon left when he came into conflict with the older artist over exactly which pictures he could work on copying.
Thereafter as an artist he was self-taught. He had had a passion for anatomy from his childhood, and in or around 1744, he moved to York, in the North of England, to pursue his ambition to study the subject under experts. In York, from 1745 to 1753, he worked as a portrait painter, and studied human anatomy under the surgeon Charles Atkinson, at York County Hospital, One of his earliest surviving works is a set of illustrations for a textbook on midwifery by John Burton, Essay towards a Complete New System of Midwifery, published in 1751.
In 1754 Stubbs visited Italy. Forty years later he told Ozias Humphry that his motive for going to Italy was, "to convince himself that nature was and is always superior to art whether Greek or Roman, and having renewed this conviction he immediately resolved upon returning home". In 1756 he rented a farmhouse in the village of Horkstow, Lincolnshire, and spent 18 months dissecting horses, assisted by his common-law wife, Mary Spencer. He moved to London in about 1759 and in 1766 published The anatomy of the Horse. The original drawings are now in the collection of the Royal Academy.
Even before his book was published, Stubbs's drawings were seen by leading aristocratic patrons, who recognised that his work was more accurate than that of earlier horse painters such as James Seymour, Peter Tillemans and John Wootton. In 1759 the 3rd Duke of Richmond commissioned three large pictures from him, and his career was soon secure. By 1763 he had produced works for several more dukes and other lords and was able to buy a house in Marylebone, a fashionable part of London, where he lived for the rest of his life.
A famous work, Whistlejacket, a painting of the thoroughbred race horse rising on his hind legs, commissioned by the 2nd Marquess of Rockingham, is now in the National Gallery in London. This and two other paintings carried out for Rockingham break with convention in having plain backgrounds. Throughout the 1760s he produced a wide range of individual and group portraits of horses, sometimes accompanied by hounds. He often painted horses with their grooms, whom he always painted as individuals. Meanwhile, he also continued to accept commissions for portraits of people, including some group portraits. From 1761 to 1776 he exhibited at the Society of Artists of Great Britain, but in 1775 he switched his allegiance to the recently founded but already more prestigious Royal Academy of Arts.
Stubbs also painted more exotic animals including lions, tigers, giraffes, monkeys, and rhinoceroses, which he was able to observe in private menageries. His painting of a kangaroo was the first glimpse of this animal for many 18th-century Britons. He became preoccupied with the theme of a wild horse threatened by a lion and produced several variations on this theme. These and other works became well known at the time through engravings of Stubbs's work, which appeared in increasing numbers in the 1770s and 1780s.
Stubbs also painted historical pictures, but these are much less well regarded. From the late 1760s he produced some work on enamel. In the 1770s Josiah Wedgwood developed a new and larger type of enamel panel at Stubbs's request. Stubbs hoped to achieve commercial success with his paintings in enamel, but the venture left him in debt. Also in the 1770s he painted single portraits of dogs for the first time, while also receiving an increasing number of commissions to paint hunts with their packs of hounds. He remained active into his old age. In the 1780s he produced a pastoral series called Haymakers and Reapers, and in the early 1790s he enjoyed the patronage of the Prince of Wales, whom he painted on horseback in 1791. His last project, begun in 1795, was A comparative anatomical exposition of the structure of the human body with that of a tiger and a common fowl, fifteen engravings from which appeared between 1804 and 1806. The project was left unfinished upon Stubbs's death. He died at the age of 81 on 10 July 1806 at the home he had lived in since 1763, No.24 Somerset Street, near Portman Square, Marylebone, central London. He was buried on 18 July in the graveyard of St Marylebone Parish Church, now a garden of rest.
Stubbs's son George Townly Stubbs was an engraver and printmaker.
A lion attacking a horse
Stubbs began an informal series of works on the subject of a lion attacking a horse around 1762 or 1763, and he continued to explore and reinterpret the theme in at least 17 images over a period of about 30 years. These paintings are among his most celebrated and influential works. One art historian wrote "The appearance of the monumental picture now in the Mellon Collection [A Lion Attacking a Horse, ca. 1762-63] must be treated as one of the outstanding events in English eighteenth-century art for within the context of painting at that date its singularity as well as its inherent originality is most striking. Not since the publication of Hogarth's Harlot's Progress thirty years before had there occurred such an innovation." The iconic paintings are in fact among the earliest manifestations of Romanticism in painting, predating the work of more familiar masters of the movement such as William Blake, Eugène Delacroix, Francisco Goya, William Turner, and Théodore Géricault, who was known to be an admirer of both horses, and the work of George Stubbs. Jean Clay, professor of art history at the University of Paris, perceptively observed that not only does the energy and terror of the animals foreshadow the spirit of romanticism but, as Stubbs's series progressed, the horror seemed to diffuse and expand throughout the whole of the landscape: "an image that would fertilize the Romantic imagination and come to full flower a half-century later."
The series are mostly oil paintings on canvas, but also include examples of enamel on copper, original engravings, and even a relief model in Wedgwood clay. The white horse was painted from one of the Kings Horses in the Mews, secured for the artist by an architect friend, Mr. Payne. Stubbs was able to study a lion in life that was in the menagerie of Lord Shellburne at Hounslow Heath. The earliest work is a life-size painting of A Lion Attacking a Horse (ca. 1762-63), which was commissioned by the 2nd Marquess of Rockingham and now in the Yale Center for British Art. Art historian Basil Taylor postulated the theme was treated in three distinct episodes: Episode A, a lion prowling at some distance from a terrified horse; Episode B, a lion close to a terrified horse; Episode C a lion on the horse's back biting its flank. Interestingly, Stubbs first painted "Episode C", and it was not until later that he was inspired to go back and paint the moments leading up to the climatic event.
An anecdote regarding the origin of the subject matter emerged soon after the artist death, originally published in The Sporting Magazine in 1808, and reiterate often for well over a century and a half. Art historian H. W. Janson repeated it "On a visit to North Africa, he had seen a horse killed by a lion; this experience haunted his imagination, and from it he developed a new type of animal picture full of Romantic feeling for the grandeur and violence of nature." However, research published in 1965 produced a rather persuasive argument that Stubbs in fact never traveled to Africa, and the actual inspiration for the painting was an antique sculpture he had seen in a well documented 1754 stay in Rome. The sculpture, Lion Seizing a Horse, in the Palazzo dei Conservatori, Rome, is a restored Roman copy of a Hellenistic original. It has been a celebrated work since the Renaissance, admired by Michelangelo, included in guidebooks of Stubbs's day, and copied any number of times by various artist in marble, bronze, and prints, including an 18th century marble copy in the collection of Stubbs's patron Henry Blundell, who also acquired one of the paintings by Stubbs.
Legacy
Stubbs remained a secondary figure in British art until the mid-twentieth century. The art historian Basil Taylor and art collector Paul Mellon both championed Stubbs's work. Stubbs's Pumpkin with a Stable-lad was the first painting that Mellon bought in 1936. Basil Taylor was commissioned in 1955 by Pelican Press to write the book Animal Painting in England – From Barlow to Landseer, which included a large segment on Stubbs. In 1959 Mellon and Taylor first met and bonded over their appreciation of Stubbs. This led Mellon to create the Paul Mellon Foundation for British Art (the predecessor of the Paul Mellon Centre for Studies in British Art) with Taylor as the director. Mellon eventually amassed the largest collection of Stubbs paintings in the world which would become a part of his larger collection of British art that would become the Yale Center for British Art in Connecticut, USA. In 1971, Taylor published the seminal catalogue, Stubbs.
The record price for a Stubbs painting was set by the sale at auction of Gimcrack on Newmarket Heath, with a Trainer, a Stable-Lad, and a Jockey (1765) at Christie's in London in July 2011 for £22.4 million. It was sold by The Woolavington Collection of sporting art at Cottesbrooke Hall, Northamptonshire; the buyer was unidentified.
The Royal Collection of the British royal family holds 16 paintings by Stubbs.
Two paintings by Stubbs were bought by the National Maritime Museum in Greenwich, London after a public appeal to raise the £1.5 million required. The two paintings, The Kongouro from New Holland and Portrait of a Large Dog were both painted in 1772. Depicting a kangaroo and a dingo respectively, they are the first depictions of Australian animals in Western art.
His work was shown in a retrospective exhibition at the Whitechapel Gallery in London, 27 February – 7 April 1957. The Tate Britain, in conjunction with the Yale Center for British Art, organized the largest exhibition ever devoted to Stubbs (up to that time) in 1984, which travelled to New Haven in 1985.
Gallery
Horses
Dogs
Exotic wildlife
List of selected artworks
In the Yale Center for British Art
In the Tate Gallery
In the Royal Collection
In the National Museums Liverpool
In the National Gallery, London
Whistlejacket (1762)
A Gentleman driving a Lady in a Phaeton (1787)
The Milbanke and Melbourne Families (c.1769)
In the National Maritime Museum, Greenwich
The Kongouro from New Holland (1772)
Portrait of a Large Dog (1772)
Hunterian Museum and Art Gallery, University of Glasgow
The Moose (1770)
The Nilgai (1769)
A Blackbuck (1770–1780)
Hunterian Museum (London)
The Yak of Tartary (1791)
Rhinoceros (1790–1792)
Drill and Albino Baboon (before 1789)
British Sporting Art Trust
A Pointer (a pair)
A Spaniel (a pair)
Lord Clanbrassil with Hunter Mowbrary (1769)
Fighting Stallions (1791)
National Trust
British racehorse "Hambletonian"
National Gallery of Art, Washington
Captain Samuel Sharpe Pocklington with His Wife, Pleasance, and possibly His Sister, Frances (1769)
White Poodle in a Punt (c. 1780)
Victoria and Albert MuseumGoose with Outspread WingsLions and a Lioness with a Rocky Background (1776)
The Portland Collection
The 3rd Duke of Portland on horseback at Welbeck Abbey
William Henry Cavendish-Bentinck, 3rd Duke of Portland and his younger brother Lord Edward
See also
Animal art
English school of painting
References
Further reading
Boyle, Frederick & Mayer, Joseph. Memoirs of Thomas Dodd, William Upcott, and George Stubbs, R.A. (Liverpool: D. Marples, 1879).
Egerton, Judy. George Stubbs, 1724–1806 (Tate Gallery Publications, 1984).
Egerton, Judy. George Stubbs, Painter. Catalogue Raisonné (New Haven and London: Published for the Paul Mellon Centre for Studies in British Art by Yale University Press, 2007)
Rump, Gerhard C. Pferde und Jagdbilder in der englischen Kunst. Studien zu George Stubbs und dem Genre der "Sporting Art" von 1650–1830 (Olms: Hildesheim, New York, 1983)
Gilbey, Walter. Animal Painters of England from the Year 1650, Volume 2 (Vinton, 1900) p. 192 ff.
Morrison, Venetia. Art of George Stubbs (Headline Book Pub., 1989).
Myrone, Martin. George Stubbs (British Artists series) (Tate Publishing, 2002).
Taylor, Basil. Stubbs'' (London: Phaidon Prees, 1971)
External links
George Stubbs online (Artcyclopedia)
George Stubbs – a celebration (Walker Art Gallery)
George Stubbs (Encyclopedia of Irish and World Art)
George Stubbs's biography (Mezzo Mundo Fine Art)
Paintings by George Stubbs (Tate Gallery)
Profile on Royal Academy of Arts Collections
Selected images from Anatomy of the Horse From The College of Physicians of Philadelphia Digital Library
Judy Egerton archive
1724 births
1806 deaths
18th-century enamellers
19th-century enamellers
18th-century English male artists
19th-century English male artists
18th-century English painters
19th-century English painters
Artists from Liverpool
Associates of the Royal Academy
English enamellers
English male painters
Equine artists
The men's 4x400 metres relay event at the 2001 IAAF World Indoor Championships was held on March 10–11.
Medalists
* Runners who participated in the heats only and received medals.
Note: The United States originally won the silver medal, but were disqualified after Jerome Young admitted to the use of banned substances.
Results
Heats
Qualification: First 2 teams of each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) advance to the final.
Final
References
Results
400
4 × 400 metres relay at the World Athletics Indoor Championships
Danny Wright is an American Pianist who has sold over 11 million albums (stats as of 2019) since his debut in 1986. He has been named twice by Billboard magazine as a Top 10 artist in the New-age music genre, with three of his albums in Billboard's Top 10 New Age Albums for three consecutive years. Over the years, Wright's repertoire has also encompassed other genres. Danny Wright has performed all over the world, including The Jack Singer Concert Hall in Calgary, Canada, The Liberace Museum in Las Vegas, Nevada, The Parliament of Religions in Salt Lake City, Utah, and The Smith Center in Las Vegas, Nevada. At The Smith Center, Danny headlined the Jazz Cabaret Room for many years, and performed a concert in their largest auditorium with Ventriloquist Terry Fator. Legendary Portrait Artist Alan Mercer approached Danny Wright to be featured on Alan Mercer's Celebrity Blog. Danny's Interview and Pictures were first featured on Alan Mercer's Blog on April 24th, 2022 on amprofile.blogspot.com. As of April 2022, Danny has released a grand total of 55 Piano Music Albums.
Discography
Albums
References
Recent press release
Various CD reviews at MainlyPiano.com
External links
Official site
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American classical pianists
Male classical pianists
American male pianists
Composers for piano
Easy listening musicians
Light music composers
New-age pianists
Postmodern composers
Smooth jazz pianists
Male classical composers
21st-century classical pianists
21st-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
21st-century American pianists
Jacaranda Joe is a 1994 American short film written and directed by George A. Romero.
Production
Initially conceived in the 1970s as The Footage, the film's was about reality television show in which a famous athlete learns to hunt and accidentally discovers a community of bigfoot.
That version of the story would be about the filming of the television show whereas the retooled version that became Jacaranda Joe was a "proto-found footage movie" in documentary style which would feature a leaked clip from a television show similar to the one from The Footage.
Filmed at Valencia College in Florida over ten days it had a cast and crew of students, faculty, and local industry professionals. It was the first film that Romero shot entirely outside of Pittsburgh.
The short film has never been publicly screened although a VHS copy of the workprint exists as well as six reels of camera negatives.
References
1994 films
American monster movies
American independent films
Bigfoot films
Films directed by George A. Romero
1994 short films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
Raymond Webster Thompson (born 5 April 1949) is a British-born Canadian/New Zealand screenwriter, composer and producer.
Early life and career
Thompson was born in Redditch, Worcestershire and grew up in Windsor, Berkshire where he formed a school band with David Samuels , Keith Barnes and Ray Dorey who went on to become guitarist with Edison Lighthouse He studied drama at York University and embarked upon a successful career in the music industry as both a songwriter and musician. His groups include a Canadian duo called Stillwater, and his school band The Avengers, which evolved into Edison Lighthouse, who had the number one record "Love Grows (Where My Rosemary Goes)".
With the BBC
Thompson published a novel in 1979, The Number to Call Is... before becoming a script consultant for various producers. His television writing credits include Squadron and the iconic Howards' Way, which ran for six years and was considered to be one the BBC's most loved drama series, drawing huge ratings. He acquired the position of Head of Development for BBC Television Drama Series and worked on many other titles, including Bergerac and The House of Eliott.
Cloud 9
In 1994 and in association with the Sanctuary Group PLC, Thompson founded his own production company, the Cloud 9 Screen Entertainment Group, which has since specialized in family entertainment. The company trades through offices in London, Wellington (New Zealand), and has expanded into the Australian market. Southern Star currently distribute the substantial back catalogue.
Since 1994, Thompson has created and produced several television series and movies, including The Enid Blyton Adventure Series, The Enid Blyton Secret Series, The Adventures of Swiss Family Robinson (starring Richard Thomas), Return to Treasure Island, The Legend of William Tell (created by Thompson), William Shatner's A Twist in the Tale (also created by Thompson). Other series Thompson created include Atlantis High, Revelations – The Initial Journey, and The New Tomorrow.
Perhaps his best known creation is the teen drama/sci-fi hybrid The Tribe, which has become a cult classic around the world and ran for five years with almost three hundred episodes being produced. The series is constantly being repeated and has a fanatical fan base.
In 2001, he returned to his music roots and composed the soundtracks of Cloud 9's portfolio, as well as the Spirit Symphony, which was partly inspired by his Asperger syndrome. It was performed by the New Zealand Symphony Orchestra and released on CD in 2004. The proceeds of the song "With You Every Step of the Way" (also composed by Raymond) were donated to the foundation.
Honours
Thompson has been a juror at BAFTA and the International Emmy Awards. In the 2003 New Year Honours, he was appointed a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services to television and entertainment. In the same year he also received an honours award at Dragon*Con.
Personal life
Thompson has Asperger syndrome, an autism spectrum condition. Thompson's son was also diagnosed. Thompson founded the Cloud 9's Children Foundation, which aims to support families in Oceania affected by Asperger syndrome.
A wine lover, Thompson owns Tirohana Estate, a boutique New Zealand vineyard on the outskirts of Martinborough, in the Wairarapa region.
References
External links
Cloud 9 Screen Entertainment Group
Cloud 9 Children's Foundation
Tirohana Estate
1949 births
English emigrants to Canada
English emigrants to New Zealand
Living people
Members of the New Zealand Order of Merit
New Zealand composers
New Zealand producers
New Zealand screenwriters
Male screenwriters
People from Redditch
People with Asperger syndrome
Lieutenant General Sir Frederick Parkinson Lester, KCB, (3 February 1795 – 3 July 1858) was an army officer in the East India Company, third son of John Lester, merchant, of Racquet Court, Fleet Street, and his wife, Elizabeth Parkinson.
Early life
Born on the 3 February 1795, to John Lester a member of the prominent Lester merchant family of Poole, Dorset and the nephew of Benjamin Lester, MP for Poole, his mother was Elizabeth Parkinson, daughter of John Parkinson. Educated at Mr Jephson's academy at Camberwell and at Addiscombe Military Seminary. He qualified for a commission into the Bombay artillery on 22 April 1811.
Military career
Lester's commissions, all in the Bombay artillery, were: second-lieutenant (25 October 1811), lieutenant (3 September 1815), captain (1 September 1818), major (14 May 1836), lieutenant colonel (9 August 1840), brevet colonel (15 March 1851), and major-general (28 November 1854). he was finally promoted to Lieutenant General on 3 July 1858. Lester's career was marked by its efficiency, resulting in his being 'specially thanked for his zealous and efficient services' by the governor of Bombay in April 1847. His career during his service in India chiefly involved acting commissary of ordnance, commissary of stores, and secretary to (and afterwards ordinary member of) the military board. A system of double-entry bookkeeping introduced by him was, in 1834, ordered to be generally adopted in the Ordnance department. Lester was appointed to command the southern division of the Bombay army in April 1857, he assumed command there at his headquarters at Belgaum on 12 May 1857. Major-General Sir George Le Grand Jacob stated that his actions between May and September of 1857 'in all probability to have prevented an explosion at Belgaum.' He repaired the fort, moved the powder and ammunition inside the fort, deported suspected sepoys, and moved guns, gun carriages, and horses into the fort. In addition he organized night-time patrols (chiefly of civilian volunteers) and moved the depot of Her Majesty's 64th regiment, with 400 European women and children, into the fort. He vetoed the proposal of the commanding officer of the 29th Bombay native infantry, backed by the political agent, Mr Seton-Karr, to disarm the regiment as potential mutineers on the ground of the inadequacy of any European force for the task, and the possibility of a failure which would end in disaster. On the arrival of British troops (10 August 1857) he supervised the court-martial, execution, and other punishment of rebels. One of these courts-martial consisted entirely of Indian non-commissioned officers, a testament to Lester's wise leadership. The measures were among the precautions which prevented the insurrection spreading to western India, and Lester was hardly given the credit due to him for them.
Personal life
Lester was a deeply religious man. During his period in India, a profane conversation at which Sir John Keane, 5th Baronet was present resulted in his leaving a mess breakfast table in protest against the conversation and it placed him temporarily under an official cloud.
Lester married twice, first, in 1828, at St Thomas's Church, Bombay, Helen Elizabeth Honner, they had two children, both of whom died in infancy. He married secondly, in 1840, at Mahabaleshwar, Charlotte Pratt Fyvie, daughter of the Revd William Fyvie (nephew of Elizabeth Simpson, wife of Henry Bridgeman, 1st Baron Bradford); they had five children, including:
Charlotte Elizabeth Lester (1842-1874), married James Rhoades.
Rev. John Moore Lester (1851-1919), Rector of Litchborough, married twice, his descendants included his grandchildren, James Shaw, Baron Kilbrandon and Katherine DeMille, née Lester.
Horace Frank Lester (1853-1896)
Lester was found dead in his bed of heart disease at 7 a.m. on 3 July 1858, at Belgaum.
References
External links
Oxford Dictionary of National Biography
1795 births
1858 deaths
Alumni of Addiscombe Military Seminary
British East India Company people
British East India Company Army officers
British East India Company Army generals
British Army lieutenant generals
British Army officers
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
British military personnel of the Indian Rebellion of 1857
British military personnel of the Second Anglo-Sikh War
Magdy Ahmed Abdullah (born 14 August 1966) is an Egyptian field hockey player. He competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Field hockey players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Egyptian male field hockey players
Olympic field hockey players of Egypt
The 1900 Wisconsin Badgers football team represented the University of Wisconsin in the 1900 Western Conference football season. Led by fifth-year head coach Philip King, the Badgers compiled an overall record of 8–1 with a mark of 2–1 in conference play, placing third in the Western Conference. The team's captain was Al Chamberlain.
Schedule
References
Wisconsin
Wisconsin Badgers football seasons
Wisconsin Badgers football
Under the Influence — 21 Years of Flying Nun Records is a double album that includes tracks by various bands signed or related to the Flying Nun Records label.
The album was planned as a celebration of the 21st anniversary of Flying Nun Records. Bands invited to be part of the album were asked to record one or two songs; if two songs, then one should be a cover of a Flying Nun song that influenced or inspired them and the other song should be a new and unreleased song of their own. These were all to be recorded on a single day at York Street Studio on 22 March 2002.
Track listing
CD1
"Crazy I Know" – Gerling
"Japanese Girls" – Pan Am
"Outer Space" – Betchadupa
"Gentle Hour" – The Clean
"Heavenly Pop Hit" – Garageland
"Unnecessary Evil" – The Hasselhoff Experiment
"Joe 90" – The D4
"Death and the Maiden" – Stephen Malkmus
"If I Were You" – Tall Dwarfs
"Inner Silenced" – HDU with Shayne Carter
CD2
"Friday in the Ground" – Chris Knox
"Get Loose" – The D4
"Saskatchewan" – Pan Am
"Graduation of Frustration" – Garageland
"Bad Food and Long Drives" – Betchadupa
"Brain That Wouldn't Die" – The Hasselhoff Experiment
"Man on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown" – HDU with Shayne Carter
"Same Old New World" – Graeme Downes
"Corridor" – The Clean
Photography and film
The recording session also resulted in a number of spin-off works:
A photographic exhibition by photographer Fraser Harding
A feature-length documentary Heavenly Pop Hits
A music video of Stephen Malkmus' rendition of The Verlaines' "Death and the Maiden"
References
External links
Flying Nun Records official website
Gallery of official recording session photos
Official website of recording session and cover artwork photographer Fraser Harding
York Street Studios official website
Radio New Zealand interview about the Flying Nun Records' 21st anniversary
2002 compilation albums
Bohago is a house in the parish of Creed in mid Cornwall, England, UK. The name comes from the Swedish word 'Bohag', meaning 'household goods'.
References
Houses in Cornwall
Unmanned usually refers to unmanned vehicles (remote controlled, remote guided or autonomous).
It can also refer to:
Unmanned: America's Drone Wars, a 2013 documentary film investigating the impact of U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan and elsewhere
Unmanned reef lights of the Florida Keys
Unmanned (Y: The Last Man), the first story arc of the comic book Y: The Last Man.
See also:
Vehicular automation
Ohio's 15th senatorial district has always been based in Columbus, Ohio. Currently it comprises central Franklin County. It encompasses Ohio House districts 18, 25 and 26. It has a Cook PVI of D+25. Ohio Governor John Kasich represented the district from 1979 to 1982. Its current Ohio Senator is Democrat Hearcel Craig. He resides in Columbus, a city located in Franklin, Delaware, and Fairfield counties.
List of senators
External links
Ohio's 15th district senator at the 130th Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
John Kasich
Ventifact Knobs () are minor knobs, 3 to 6 m high, composed of lake clay covered by glacial drift. The glacial drift has cobbles that are well polished by the wind and cut into ventifacts. The knobs are covered by ventifacts, suggesting the name, and are located just east of Lake Bonney in Taylor Valley, Victoria Land, Antarctica. They were named by American geologist Troy L. Pewe, who was first to study and describe the knobs in December 1957.
Rock formations of Victoria Land
McMurdo Dry Valleys
The Entry of the Theotokos into the Temple Church () is a Romanian Orthodox church located at 11 Vovidenia Street in Iași, Romania. It is dedicated to the Entry of the Theotokos into the Temple (popularly called Vovidenia).
A walled and fortified church, it is located near the Golia Monastery. Based on the oldest documentary mention, found on an icon, it dates to 1645, and the architecture is characteristic of Vasile Lupu's reign. Tradition holds that the ktitor was a Patriarch Nichifor, who had come from the Orient and settled in Iași; however, no document or inscription confirms this. The church was associated with two guilds: pastry makers and bragă sellers. During the 18th century, the spire supports were destroyed, and further renovation occurred the following century. Nevertheless, it was in ruins by 1902, when a thorough repair took place. The church was affected by the 1977 Vrancea earthquake, and restored in 1982-1983. In 1992, the church was given over to the local Greek students' association and served by priests who knew Greek; the students carried out repairs three years later. In 2006, with the number of Greek students much reduced, the church was made a chapel of the Metropolitan Cathedral. In 2010, it became a parish church.
The church owns old books and an icon from 1824. A princely school once functioned near the church. There used to be a cemetery in the churchyard, and in the early 20th century, several gravestones still existed, carved in the Romanian Cyrillic alphabet with one in Greek. In 2005, the church's collection of valuables was recovered from the National Bank of Romania. This includes German coins, jewelry and a small gold coin featuring Justinian I.
The church is listed as a historic monument by Romania's Ministry of Culture and Religious Affairs.
Notes
Historic monuments in Iași County
Romanian Orthodox churches in Iași
Churches completed in 1645
Hello Kaun? Pehchaan Kaun! (English: Hello, who is it? You guess!) is an Indian show where the contestants mimic a famous celebrity. The show aired on STAR One from 27 December 2008 to 5 April 2009.
Overview
The show is hosted by well-known mimic Navin Prabhakar, who first shot to fame from his celebrated appearances in the show The Great Indian Laughter Challenge (season one). Prabhakar mimics different celebrities in different episodes. He has mimicked well-known actors Jeetendra, Pran, Johnny Walker, Kamal Hasan, Sunil Dutt, and several others. His own performance is inarguably one of the best mimicries in the entire show. The show is innovative as the first a mimicry contest on Indian TV.
The show is judged by Chunky Pandey and Suresh Menon.
The name of the show is a take on the catchphrase Pehchan Kaun (translation: Guess Who?) first popularized by Navin Prabhakar in his appearances in The Great Indian Laughter Challenge. After several dialogues of Sholay entered into the psyche and mannerisms of Indians, this is perhaps the first catchphrase to do so.
Contestants
Rooesh Mirkap as Hrithik Roshan
Vishal Gaba as Himmesh Reshammia
Sumedh as Aamir Khan
Rameshwar Mahajan as Johnny Lever
Raja Sagoo as Salman Khan
Sanjay Keni as Arshad Warsi
Mukesh Patel as Dhoni
Deepak Kumar as Ritesh Deshmukh
KT as Ajay Devgan
Abhin Sinha as Akshaye Khanna
Sandeep as Jim Carrey
Rajkumar Prashad as Baba Ramdev
Rajat Bhaghat as Salmaan khan
Siraj Khan as Laloo Yadav & Nana Patekar
Hosts
Navin Prabhakar
Aishwarya Sakhuja
Judges
Chunky Pandey
Suresh Menon
See also
The Great Indian Laughter Challenge
External links
The Hunt for India's Best mimic
References
Indian stand-up comedy television series
2008 Indian television series debuts
Star One (Indian TV channel) original programming
Indian reality television series
2009 Indian television series endings
Hindi-language television shows
Cultural depictions of Amitabh Bachchan
Joey DeAnn Cook (born March 30, 1991) is an American singer-songwriter from Woodbridge, Virginia who finished seventh place on the fourteenth season of American Idol. She toured with indie rock band Mammoth Indigo in 2013.
Early life
Joey Cook was born on March 30, 1991 and was raised in Woodbridge, Virginia. She began playing piano and singing at the age of five. In high school, she participated in choir and taught herself to play ukulele and guitar. Cook graduated from Woodbridge High School in 2009.
American Idol
Cook auditioned in Kansas City, singing "King of Spain" by The Tallest Man on Earth. She sang "Kerosene" on the first round in Hollywood, and "Across the Universe" in the final solo of the Hollywood Round.
Due to the judges using their one save on Qaasim Middleton, the top 11 remained intact for another week.
Other works
Postmodern Jukebox released "Hey There Delilah" on August 27, 2015, "Sugar, We're Goin Down" on October 1, 2015, "Say My Name" on November 26, 2015 and "Ain't No Rest for the Wicked" on January 7, 2017 with Cook on lead vocals.
Cook's first album, Hey, I Love You, was self-published on Bandcamp in 2012.
Under the name Joey Cook and the Partyraddlers, her album Welcome to the Variety Show was released on July 1, 2016.
Personal life
After finishing 7th place on American Idol, Joey toured internationally with the jazz band 'Postmodern Jukebox'. She is now currently releasing original music & producing for up
& coming Artists.
Discography
Hey, I Love You (2012)
Welcome to the Variety Show (2016)
References
American Idol participants
1991 births
21st-century American singers
Living people
People from Woodbridge, Virginia
Singers from Virginia
21st-century American women singers
Louie Thomas French (born 14 February 1988) is a British politician who has served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Old Bexley and Sidcup since the 2021 by-election. A member of the Conservative Party, he was a councillor on Bexley London Borough Council from 2014 until 2022. Prior to this parliamentary career, he worked for as a lead portfolio manager for the financial planning and investment firm Tilney.
Early life and career
French was born in Greenwich, London, and grew up in Welling and Sidcup, and attended Blackfen School for Girls which has a mixed sixth form.
He was elected as a Conservative councillor for the Falconwood and Welling ward in the 2014 Bexley Borough Council election and was re-elected in 2018. Alongside his role as councillor, he was also a senior research analyst and later lead portfolio manager for sustainable portfolios and services for the financial planning and investment firm Tilney.
Parliamentary career
French was selected as the Conservative candidate for the 2021 Old Bexley and Sidcup by-election on 30 October 2021. The by-election was called after the death of the incumbent Conservative MP James Brokenshire of lung cancer on 7 October 2021. The constituency is considered a safe Conservative seat and has been represented by a member of the party since its creation in 1983. He was elected with a majority of 4,478 (20.6%), reduced from 18,952 (41.0%) in the 2019 election. The turnout was low at 33.5%. French had previously contested the Eltham seat in the 2019 general election, where he finished second to the incumbent Labour MP Clive Efford. After his election, he pledged to focus on increasing the number of police officers, investment in schools and hospitals, and protecting green spaces in the constituency. French had also pledged to quit his job as a lead portfolio manager for Tilney if he was elected as MP which he reported doing so in his first week. During the campaign, he had initially said that he would continue at Tilney as MP but later ruled it out.
French made his maiden speech on 18 January 2022. He endorsed Rishi Sunak in the 2022 Conservative Party leadership election.
References
External links
1988 births
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Conservative Party (UK) councillors
Councillors in the London Borough of Bexley
Living people
UK MPs 2019–present
District Munsiff Court (alternate spelling District Munsif Court) is the court of the lowest order handling matters pertaining to civil matters in the district, a legal system followed in the Indian subcontinent. Usually, it is controlled by the District Courts of the respective district. The District Munsif Court is authorised to try matters pertaining to certain pecuniary limits. The State Government notifies the pecuniary limits for the District Munsiff Courts. It is under the charge of a munsiff magistrate/judicial collector.
The appeal against these courts lies before the Subordinate Courts which are one rank superior to the District Munsiff Courts but are inferior to the District court. The State Government prescribes the territorial jurisdiction of the District Munsiff Court. The district is further divided into subdivisions; each subdivision has an in-charge tax inspector and Registrar magistrate. The munsiff magistrate is the judge and presiding officer of the District who keep charge of all tax inspectors (tehsildars). Enforcement is of the law of 1982 CrPc.
See also
District Courts of India
Judicial Magistrate's Court
India
Law of India
District Courts of India
The Pilgrim () is a 2014 Brazilian-Spanish biographical drama film about the Brazilian lyricist and novelist Paulo Coelho. Directed by Daniel Augusto, it stars Júlio Andrade, Ravel Andrade, Fabíula Nascimento, Fabiana Guglielmetti and Lucci Ferreira.
The film focuses on three different moments of the writer's career — his youth in the 60s (period in which is lived by the actor Ravel Andrade); adulthood in the 80s (Julio Andrade); and maturity, in 2013, when he visits once again Santiago de Compostela.
Using as a basis Paulo Coelho's own statements, the history pervades the most striking moments of the life of the author, as the traumas, the relationship with drugs and religion, sexuality and the partnership with musician Raul Seixas.
Cast
Júlio Andrade as Paulo Coelho
Ravel Andrade as Paulo Coelho (young)
Fabiana Gugli as Christina Oiticica
Fabíula Nascimento as Lygia Souza
Enrique Diaz as Pedro Souza
Lucci Ferreira as Raul Seixas
Nancho Novo as Jay Anthony Vaquer
References
External links
2014 films
2014 biographical drama films
Brazilian biographical drama films
Spanish biographical drama films
Films shot in Rio de Janeiro (city)
Paulo Coelho
2010s Portuguese-language films
2010s Spanish-language films
2014 drama films
Brazilian multilingual films
Spanish multilingual films
Tobias Barnerssoi (born 19 June 1969 in Eichstätt) is a retired German alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
German male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Germany
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
People from Eichstätt
Sportspeople from Upper Bavaria
Arbatskaya () is a station on the Arbatsko–Pokrovskaya line of the Moscow Metro. Along with Smolenskaya and Kievskaya, it was built in 1953 to replace an older, parallel section of track which has since become part of the Filyovskaya line. The old station had been damaged in a German bomb attack in 1941, so its replacement was much deeper and included larger stations that could double as shelters (especially in the event of nuclear attack). Although it was initially supposed to be closed permanently, the old section reopened five years later, creating the somewhat confusing situation of having two pairs of completely separate stations with the same names (Arbatskaya and Smolenskaya).
Arbatskaya was designed by Leonid Polyakov, Valentin Pelevin and Yury Zenkevich. Since it was meant to serve as a bomb shelter as well as a Metro station, Arbatskaya is both large (the 250-m platform is the second-longest in Moscow) and deep (41 m underground). The main tunnel is elliptical in cross-section, an unusual departure from the standard circular design. The station features low, square pylons faced with red marble and a high vaulted ceiling elaborately decorated with ornamental brackets, floral reliefs, and chandeliers.
Transfers
From this station passengers can transfer to Biblioteka Imeni Lenina on the Sokolnicheskaya line, Aleksandrovsky Sad on the Filyovskaya line, and Borovitskaya on the Serpukhovsko–Timiryazevskaya line. Despite the name, however, it is not possible to transfer to Arbatskaya on the Filyovskaya line.
In popular culture
The station and on the Filyovskaya line are featured in the Moscow segment of Resident Evil: Retribution.
The station, alongside Aleksandrovskiy Sad, Biblioteka Lenina, and Borovitskaya, makes up the 'city-state' of Polis in the Metro 2033 series of games and novels.
Gallery
External links
metro.ru
mymetro.ru
KartaMetro.info – Station location and exits on Moscow map (English/Russian)
Moscow Metro stations
Railway stations in Russia opened in 1953
Arbatsko-Pokrovskaya Line
Railway stations located underground in Russia
The Philip L. Wright Zoological Museum (UMZM) is a natural history facility and zoological collection located on the second floor of the Health Sciences building on the Missoula, Montana campus of the University of Montana.
The UMZM is the largest zoological repository of its kind in the region. Its primary purpose is functioning as an active research facility that is open to all faculty, staff, and students of the university, while also giving tours to hobbyists as well as schools and educational groups. The museums collection consists of 14,500 mammalian, 7,000 avian, and 3,200 fish specimens. It is the largest museum of its kind between Eastern Washington University and Minneapolis, Minnesota, and houses one of the most extensive representations of Northern Rocky Mountain wildlife in the world. In addition to actively studying and documenting native species, the museum includes a wide variety of specimens from all over the globe, with the oldest dating from Leningrad, Russia, 1851. In early 2012, a volunteer curatorial assistant for the museum, Emily Graslie, hosted a series of videos on YouTube called The Brain Scoop exhibiting the various specimens the museum holds; the show has since moved to Chicago's Field Museum.
The University of Montana started its collections in the 1890s with contributions from such renowned individuals as Morton J. Elrod, who was an early founding biologist, professor, and researcher at the University of Montana, and who also founded the Flathead Lake Biological Research Station in 1899. On September 1, 1939, the museum came under the direction of Dr. Philip L. Wright, who adamantly pursued collections until his death in 1997. That same year the university renamed the museum in honor of Dr. Wright's diligent efforts. Until recently it was under the direction of curator David L. Dyer; Dr. Angela Hornsby became the curator as of July 2019. It is otherwise staffed by volunteers.
References
External links
Philip L. Wright Zoological Museum
The Brain Scoop on YouTube
Research at the University of Montana
Natural history museums in Montana
University museums in Montana
1939 establishments in Montana
Museums in Missoula, Montana
Augustin Charles Barié (15 November 1883 – 22 August 1915) was a French composer and organist.
Biography
Barié was born in Paris as the only son of architect Charles-Maximin Henri Barié and Victorine Eugénie Petit and was blind from birth; however, he had large hands which spanned an eleventh, allowing him to play the difficult organ works of composers such as César Franck with relative ease.
He studied at the Institut National des Jeunes Aveugles under Adolphe Marty and Louis Vierne, then went on to study with Alexandre Guilmant at the Paris Conservatory. In 1906, he was awarded the Conservatory's premier prix. He then became organist at St Germain-des-Prés in Paris, as well as professor of organ at the Institut National des Jeunes Aveugles. Barié was a celebrated improviser, one of a long line of French Romantic virtuoso organists, and he wrote mostly for organ, including a Symphony (Op. 5) and Trois Pieces (Op. 7).
On 12 December 1912, he married his fiancée Jeanne-Marie Victoire Joséphine Favier (born 12 March 1886 in Chambéry). On 9 March 1914, their only son Jehan Charles Victor was born in the 7th arrondissement of Paris.
His career was cut short when he died of a brain hemorrhage in Antony, France at the age of 31. His son survived him until 1917, and his widow died on 5 October 1954 in Domessin.
The family are buried together in Chambéry, where they once lived.
Recordings
Germaine Labole & Augustin Barié - Œuvres d'Orgue, Julian Bewig, organ (classicophon.com, 2008)
La Toccata, André Marchal - Institut des jeunes aveugles, 1975 FY P1
L'Œuvre pour orgue, Marie-Thérèse Jehan - Solstice SOCD-17
Intégrale de l'œuvre pour orgue, Véronique Le Guen - B000GIWTPA
Media
References
Cantagrel, Gilles. "Barié, Augustin". The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians Online.
External links
1883 births
1915 deaths
Musicians from Paris
French classical organists
French male organists
French composers of sacred music
French classical composers
French male classical composers
20th-century classical composers
Composers for pipe organ
Blind classical musicians
Organ improvisers
20th-century organists
20th-century French composers
20th-century French male musicians
Male classical organists
A spasm of accommodation (also known as a ciliary spasm, an accommodation, or accommodative spasm) is a condition in which the ciliary muscle of the eye remains in a constant state of contraction. Normal accommodation allows the eye to "accommodate" for near-vision. However, in a state of perpetual contraction, the ciliary muscle cannot relax when viewing distant objects. This causes vision to blur when attempting to view objects from a distance. This may cause pseudomyopia or latent hyperopia.
Although antimuscarinic drops (homoatropine 5%) can be applied topically to relax the muscle, this leaves the individual without any accommodation and, depending on refractive error, unable to see well at near distances. Also, excessive pupil dilation may occur as an unwanted side effect. This dilation may pose a problem since a larger pupil is less efficient at focusing light (see pupil, aperture, and optical aberration for more.)
Patients who have accommodative spasm may benefit from being given glasses or contacts that account for the problem or by using vision therapy techniques to regain control of the accommodative system.
Possible clinical findings include:
Normal Amplitude of accommodation
Normal Near point of convergence
Reduced Negative relative accommodation
Difficulty clearing plus on facility testing
Treatments
Cycloplegic Eye Drops (Dilation)
Spasm of accommodation is frequently resistant to treatment. However, some patients do find relief through the use of daily eye dilation with cycloplegic drops. One side effect of cycloplegic drops is that they often have BAK as a preservative ingredient, which, with daily use, can erode the tear shield:
At each administration of an eye drop containing benzalkonium chloride, its detergent effect disrupts the lipid layer of the tear film. This cannot be regenerated and can no longer protect the aqueous layer of the tear film, which evaporates easily. In these circumstances, the cornea is exposed and eye dryness occurs. In addition, benzalkonium chloride has a cellular toxicity on caliciform cells, entailing a reduction in the amount of mucin, an additional reason for disrupting the tear film.
In fact, none of the cycloplegic drops used to treat Spasm of Accommodation in the United States are available without BAK. This unfortunately makes treatment much more difficult as the side effect of dry eyes and corneal damage can occur. France, Australia, Canada, and the United Kingdom do have limited availability of BAK-free eye drops available in unidose, and they must be imported to the United States with a physician's letter to the FDA enclosed with the imported prescription.
Due to the high potential of tear shield damage with long-term use and the associated dry eye condition caused by cycloplegic eye drops with BAK (preservative), many physicians do not recommend cycloplegic eye drops. In difficult cases, "cycloplegic agents are highly favored to break spasm quickly and may be more economical compared to other conventional therapies"
Cyclopentolate, Atropine, Tropicamide, and Homatropine are the typical cycloplegic eye drops used once daily to treat spasm of accommodation by relaxing the ciliary muscle. One side effect is blurred vision since these induce dilation.
Vision Training
Vision therapy administered by a trained optometrist has shown a success rate of over 70%.
Surgery
Multifocal intraocular lens implantation is a new possible treatment involving clear lens extraction and multifocal intraocular lens implantation but it may not be appropriate for patients who have had resistant spasm of accommodation for a long period of time.
Research
Experimental Nitroglycerin and Nitric Oxide
Animal studies have found nitroglycerin, a vasodilator used to treat angina, relaxes the ciliary muscle and may hold hope for those suffering from spasm of accommodation. Nitroglycerin is currently being investigated as a treatment for glaucoma, and has shown to decrease intraocular pressure and relax the ciliary muscle. According to Investigative Ophthalmology & Visual Science Journal. "In a nonhuman primate study, topical administration of nitroglycerin at a dose of 0.1% significantly decreased IOP in normotensive animals after 90 minutes". Further, according to Wiederholt, Sturm, and Lepple-Wienhues, "The data indicate () that an increase of intracellular cGMP by application of cGMP and organic nitrate or non-nitrate vasodilators induces relaxation of the bovine trabecular meshwork and ciliary muscle".
Experimental Perilla frutescens
Since spasm of accommodation is a result of contraction of the ciliary muscle, the goal would be to relax the ciliary muscle. New studies conducted on rats using perilla frutescens aqueous extract have shown to relax the ciliary muscle. Since there are no known drugs to treat this eye condition, perilla frutescens in an aqueous extract form may result in the relaxation of the ciliary muscle in humans as well. Perilla frutescens is currently used in traditional medicine in Korea, Japan, and China and a clinical study "showed that PFA (perilla frutescens extract) attenuates eye fatigue by improving visual accommodation"
Prognosis
For routine cases of spasm of accommodation, the American Optometric Association says the prognosis is fair and on average, the number of visits a patient needs will be 1-2 for evaluation and 10 follow-up visits. Additionally, the AOA recommends the following management plan for spasm of accommodation: "Begin with plus lenses and VT; if VT fails, use cycloplegic agent temporarily; educate patient".
For more chronic and acute cases that do not respond to vision training and cycloplegic drops, the eye muscles should weaken with advancing age providing intermittent or permanent relief from this condition.
See also
Miosis
Cycloplegia
Pseudomyopia
References
Eye
Azelouaz is a village in the commune of Djanet, in Djanet District, Illizi Province, Algeria. It is in the same valley as the district capital Djanet, which is to the south. Along with the other localities near Djanet it lies on the south-western edge of the Tassili n'Ajjer mountain range.
References
Neighbouring towns and cities
Populated places in Illizi Province
The 2016 United States House of Representatives elections in Arkansas were held on Tuesday, November 8, 2016 to elect the four U.S. representatives from the state of Arkansas, one from each of the state's four congressional districts. The elections coincided with the elections of other federal and state offices, including President of the United States. The primaries were held on March 1.
Although Libertarian Party presidential candidate Gary Johnson only obtained 2.6% of the vote in Arkansas during the coinciding presidential election, Libertarian candidates for the U.S. House amounted to a total of 18.4% of the popular vote, a 10.4% swing from 2014 when the total was 8%. This huge swing was attributed to several factors:
the Libertarian Party was the only third party to file for ballot status in the House elections;
the Democratic Party did not field any candidates for races in the 1st, 3rd, and 4th congressional districts;
this in turn allowing the Libertarian candidates to obtain over 20% of the vote in these races.
The Democratic Party as a result finished 3rd in the popular vote in Arkansas, with its vote total amounting to 10.4%.
District 1
Rick Crawford, the incumbent representative and member of the Republican Party, ran for reelection.
Mark West was the Libertarian nominee.
There was no Democratic nominee for this election.
General election
Results
District 2
Republican French Hill, the incumbent representative, ran for reelection.
Dianne Curry of the Democratic Party, a former member of the Little Rock School Board and the Arkansas Division of Volunteerism, challenged Hill.
Chris Hayes, the Libertarian nominee for this seat in 2012 and for Arkansas State Treasurer in 2014, was the Libertarian nominee.
Republican primary
General election
Results
District 3
Republican Steve Womack ran for reelection.
Nathan LaFrance, the Libertarian nominee for U.S. Senate in 2014, was the Libertarian nominee.
There was no Democratic nominee for this election for the third consecutive time in Arkansas' third congressional district (including redistricting).
General election
Results
District 4
Republican Bruce Westerman ran for reelection.
Kerry Hicks was the Libertarian nominee.
There was no Democratic nominee for this election.
General election
Results
See also
United States House of Representatives elections, 2016
United States elections, 2016
References
Arkansas
2016
United States House of Representatives
Austin Ernst (born January 31, 1992) is an American professional golfer on the LPGA Tour.
Amateur career
Ernst was born in Greenville, South Carolina. She played two years for the LSU Tigers, where she won three events including the individual 2011 NCAA Division I Championship.
Professional career
In 2014, Ernst won the Portland Classic on the first playoff hole over In-Kyung Kim.
In August 2020, Ernst won the Walmart NW Arkansas Championship, for her second LPGA Tour title. In the final round, she shot 8-under 63 for a two-stroke victory over Anna Nordqvist.
Amateur wins
2011 NCAA Division I Championship
2012 North and South Women's Amateur
Professional wins (3)
LPGA Tour (3)
LPGA Tour playoff record (1–0)
Results in LPGA majors
Results not in chronological order before 2019.
LA = Low amateur
CUT = missed the half-way cut
NT = no tournament
T = tied
Summary
Most consecutive cuts made – 5 (2020 Evian – 2021 PGA)
Longest streak of top-10s – 1 (three times)
U.S. national team appearances
Amateur
Spirit International Amateur: 2011 (winners)
Curtis Cup: 2012
Espirito Santo Trophy: 2012
Professional
Solheim Cup: 2017 (winners), 2021
Solheim Cup record
References
External links
Austin Ernst personal website
LSU Lady Tigers profile
American female golfers
LSU Lady Tigers golfers
LPGA Tour golfers
Solheim Cup competitors for the United States
Sportspeople from Greenville, South Carolina
1992 births
Living people
A Aravinddaraj (born 9 June 1996) is an Indian cricketer. He made his Twenty20 debut for Puducherry in the 2018–19 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy on 21 February 2019. He made his first-class debut on 9 December 2019, for Puducherry in the 2019–20 Ranji Trophy.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Puducherry cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Monroe County is located in the Arkansas Delta in the U.S. state of Arkansas. The county is named for James Monroe, the fifth President of the United States. Created as Arkansas's 20th county on November 2, 1829, Monroe County is home to two incorporated town and three incorporated cities, including Clarendon, the county seat, and Brinkley, the most populous city. The county is also the site of numerous unincorporated communities and ghost towns.
Occupying only , Monroe County is the 22nd smallest county in Arkansas. As of the 2010 Census, the county's population is 8,149 people in 4,455 households. Based on population, the county is the fifth-smallest county of the 75 in Arkansas. Located in the Arkansas Delta, the county is largely flat with fertile soils. Historically covered in forest, bayous, swamps, and grasslands, the area was cleared for agriculture by early European-American settlers who used enslaved African Americans to do the work and to cultivate cotton. It is drained by the Cache River, Bayou DeView, and the White River. Three large protected areas preserve old growth bald cypress forest, sloughs and wildlife habitat in the county: Cache River National Wildlife Refuge (NWR), Dagmar Wildlife Management Area and White River NWR and provide places for hunting and fishing.
Interstate 40 is the only Interstate highway in Monroe County, crossing the county from east to west through Brinkley, the largest city. The county also has three United States highways (U.S. Route 49 [US 49], US 70, and US 79) and twelve Arkansas state highways run in the county. A Union Pacific Railroad line crosses the county from southwest to northeast.
History
Shortly after the United States had completed the Louisiana Purchase, officials began to survey the territory at a site near the intersection of Monroe, Phillips, and Lee counties. From forested wetlands in what would become southern Monroe County, approximately of land would be explored after President James Madison commissioned a survey of the purchase area. The point was commemorated in 1961 by the Arkansas General Assembly as part of Louisiana Purchase State Park.
Settlement in Monroe County began when Dedrick Pike settled in 1816 where the Cache River enters the White River. The settlement was named Mouth of the Cache, and a post office by that name was opened years later. The community renamed itself Clarendon in 1824 in honor of the Earl of Clarendon. Monroe County was established under the Arkansas territorial legislature in 1829, and the county seat was established at Lawrenceville, where a jail and courthouse were erected. A ferry across the White River was founded in 1836.
In 1857 the county seat was moved to Clarendon, Arkansas. The new brick courthouse was nearly finished by the outbreak of the American Civil War in 1861. The county sent five units into Confederate service. After Union troops captured Clarendon in 1863, they destroyed the small city. The Union had completely dismantled the brick courthouse and shipped the bricks to De Valls Bluff.
After the war, during Reconstruction, there was a high level of violence by insurgent whites seeking to suppress the rights of freedmen and to keep them from voting. After Republican Congressman James M. Hinds was murdered by the Ku Klux Klan in Monroe County in October, 1868, Governor Powell Clayton established martial law in ten counties, including Monroe County, as the attacks and murders were out of control. Four military districts were operated for four years in an effort to suppress guerrilla insurgency by white paramilitary groups, such as the Ku Klux Klan and others. They continued to challenge enfranchisement of blacks and the increasing power of Republicans in the county. The Monroe County Sun newspaper was established in 1876.
Violence continued after Reconstruction, when Democrats had regained control of the state legislature. Whites struggled to re-establish white supremacy, by violence and intimidation of black Republican voters. At the turn of the century, the state legislature passed measures that effectively disenfranchised most blacks for decades. The Equal Justice Initiative reported in 2015 that the county had 12 lynchings of African Americans from 1877 to 1950, most in the decades near the turn of the 20th century. This was the fourth-highest of any county in the state. To escape the violence, thousands of African Americans left the state in the Great Migration to northern and western cities, especially after 1940.
Mechanization of farming and industrial-scale agriculture have decreased the need for workers. The rural county has continued to lose population because of the lack of work opportunities. There has been a decrease in population every decade since 1940.
Geography
The county is located in the Arkansas Delta, one of the six primary geographic regions of Arkansas. The Arkansas Delta is a subregion of the Mississippi Alluvial Plain, which is a flat area consisting of rich, fertile sediment deposits from the Mississippi River between Louisiana and Illinois. Large portions of Monroe County are also within the Grand Prairie, a subdivision of the Arkansas Delta known today for rice farming and aquaculture. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.3%) is water.
Prior to settlement, Monroe County was densely forested, with bayous, sloughs, and swamps crossing the land. Seeking to take advantage of the area's fertile soils, settlers cleared the land to better suit row crops. Although some swampland has been preserved in the conservation areas like the Cache River NWR and White River NWR, and some former farmland has undergone reforestation, the majority (52 percent) of the county remains in cultivation. Another large land use in Monroe County is the Cache River NWR and White River NWR, owned by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service.
The county is located approximately east of Little Rock and west-southwest of Memphis, Tennessee. Monroe County is surrounded by six other Delta counties: Woodruff County to the north, St. Francis County to the northeast, Lee County and Phillips County to the east, Arkansas County to the southwest, and Prairie County to the west.
Hydrology
Water is an extremely important part of Monroe County's geography, history, economy, and culture. The many rivers, streams, ditches, sloughs and bayous crossing the county have featured prominently since prehistoric times. Native American tribes settled near them and peoples such as the Quapaw constructed burial mounds at Indian Bay in extreme southern Monroe County (today preserved as Baytown Site).
Europeans who settled in the county also used the White River to navigate through the area and trade. Control of the White River lead to military action in the county during the Civil War, including a gunboat battle at Clarendon in 1864. The Flood of 1927 damaged much of the county's settlements along the White, and inundated Clarendon when the levees protecting the city failed on April 20. Conservation efforts by leaders in the county resulted in the creation of federal and state protected areas around the Cache and White rivers, to protect wetlands that could absorb flooding, beginning in 1935. These have been expanded to the current day, as engineers understand more about the positive role of wetlands in floodplain ecology.
The White River, one of Arkansas's most important rivers, is the county's major hydrologic features. The White forms the southwestern boundary of the county with Arkansas County. The Cache River runs on the west side of Monroe County, partially forming its border with Prairie County. Both the Cache River and Roc Roe Bayou empty into the White near Clarendon. Bayou De View runs through the north part of the county and meets the Cache north of Dobbs Landing.
National protected areas
Cache River National Wildlife Refuge (part)
White River National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 6,799 people, 3,333 households, and 1,974 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States Census, there were 10,254 people, 4,105 households, and 2,733 families residing in the county. The population density was 17 people per square mile (7/km2). There were 5,067 housing units at an average density of 8 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 59.37% White, 38.79% Black or African American, 0.26% Native American, 0.13% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.26% from other races, and 1.14% from two or more races. 1.29% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,105 households, out of which 29.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.10% were married couples living together, 16.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.40% were non-families. 30.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.07.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.90% under the age of 18, 7.60% from 18 to 24, 23.70% from 25 to 44, 23.40% from 45 to 64, and 17.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 88.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $22,632, and the median income for a family was $28,915. Males had a median income of $25,299 versus $17,117 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,096. About 21.00% of families and 27.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 37.40% of those under age 18 and 22.40% of those age 65 or over.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body granted specific powers by the Constitution of Arkansas and the Arkansas Code. The quorum court is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all spending and revenue collection. Representatives are called justices of the peace and are elected from county districts every even-numbered year. The number of districts in a county vary from nine to fifteen, and district boundaries are drawn by the county election commission. The Monroe County Quorum Court has nine members. Presiding over quorum court meetings is the county judge, who serves as the chief operating officer of the county. The county judge is elected at-large and does not vote in quorum court business, although capable of vetoing quorum court decisions.
Politics
A portion of Monroe County is represented in the Arkansas State Senate by the Republican Ronald R. Caldwell, a real estate businessman from Wynne in Cross County. The state representative from Monroe County is a Democrat, Marshall Wright, a lawyer from Forrest City in St. Francis County.
Prior to 2000, Monroe was considered an "ancestral" Democratic county, with exceptions for the 1972 and 1984 landslides of Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan, respectively. Former Governor Bill Clinton won this county twice in his presidential runs: 1992 and 1996. John Kerry won the county in 2004, the most recent Democrat to do so.
Over the past few election cycles Monroe has trended a bit more to the Republican Party, albeit with less fervor than its neighboring counties. Barack Obama lost the county by only two votes in his 2012 run, and former Arkansas First Lady Hillary Clinton lost it by more than six points, 51%-45%, in her 2016 race.
Communities
Cities
Brinkley
Clarendon (county seat)
Holly Grove
Towns
Fargo
Roe
Census-designated places
Indian Bay
Monroe
Townships
Brinkley (most of Brinkley)
Brown
Cache (Clarendon)
Cleburne
Cypress Ridge
Dixon (part of Brinkley)
Duncan (Holly Grove)
Greenfield (Fargo)
Hindman
Jackson
Keevil
Montgomery-Smalley
Pine Ridge
Raymond
Richland (part of Brinkley)
Roc Roe (Roe)
Infrastructure
Aviation
Monroe County is home to three public own/public use general aviation (GA) airports. Each airport is used largely for agricultural spraying operations. The Clarendon Municipal Airport located southwest of Clarendon and northwest of Roe along Highway 33. For the twelve-month period ending August 31, 2015, the facility saw 26,000 general aviation operations. Frank Federer Memorial Airport in southeast Brinkley had 22,000 GA operations in the twelve-month period ending August 31, 2015. Holly Grove Municipal Airport located east of Holly Grove on Highway 146 is also a small rural airport. For the twelve-month period ending August 31, 2015, the facility saw 22,000 general aviation operations.
Major highways
Interstate 40
U.S. Highway 49
U.S. Highway 70
U.S. Highway 79
Highway 1
Highway 17
Highway 33
Highway 39
Highway 86
Highway 146
Highway 238
Highway 241
Highway 302
Highway 316
Highway 362
Highway 366
Utilities
The Arkansas Department of Health is responsible for the regulation and oversight of public water systems throughout the state. Monroe County contains six community water systems: Brinkley Waterworks, Clarendon Waterworks, Holly Grove Waterworks, Roe Waterworks, United Water Association and East Monroe County Water Users. Brinkley Waterworks has the largest retail population (4,281), followed by Clarendon (1,640), and Holly Grove (1,010). All community water systems in Monroe County use groundwater as their source of raw water, except East Monroe County Water Users, who purchases all water from Brinkley.
Notable person
Sheffield Nelson, the Arkansas Republican National Committeeman and his party's gubernatorial nominee in 1990 and 1994, was born in 1940 in Monroe County.
See also
List of lakes in Monroe County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Monroe County, Arkansas
Notes and references
Notes
References
1829 establishments in Arkansas Territory
Populated places established in 1829
Václav Antonín Chotek of Chotkov and Vojnín () (February 26, 1674 – May 2, 1754) was a Bohemian nobleman and royal Stadtholder in the Kingdom of Bohemia.
Family background
Václav Antonín Chotek of Chotkov and Vojnín was born in Bělušice, Bohemia (now Czech Republic), on February 26, 1674. His title was knight (; ). He was son of Vilém Chotek of Chotkov and Vojnín (1628–1674) and his second wife Johanna Sabina Proy von Gaiselsberg und Findtelstein (1650–1692).
He married Maria Theresia Ludmilla Scheidler von Scheidlern (1684–1709) on October 28, 1698, in Prague. Maria Theresia was daughter of Ferdinand Christoph (Ritter) Scheidler von Scheidlern, captain of the Prague quarter Malá Strana (Lesser Town) and High Chamberlain (nejvyšší zemský komorník; Oberstlandkämmerer) of the Kingdom of Bohemia.
He was father of:
Wenzel Chotek of Chotkow and Wognin (1703–1725).
Johann Karl, Count Chotek of Chotkow and Wognin (1704–1787).
Rudolf Chotek of Chotkow and Wognin (de) (1707–1771).
Biographical data
On February 6, 1702, Václav Antonín Chotek Ritter (Knight) of Chotkov and Vojnín was received into the Bohemian nobility in Vienna. On May 13, 1743, in Laxenburg he was awarded the title of Bohemian Graf (Count) and on October 4, 1745, in Frankfurt am Main he was elevated to the rank of Reichsgraf (Imperial Count) with heraldic augmentation.
Owner of the Bělušice estate, Václav Chotek also acquired the Veltrusy estate, where architect František Maxmilián Kaňka erected his new residence, the Veltrusy Mansion in 1716. He later also purchased the Domašín estate, becoming one of the richest landowners in Bohemia.
Václav Chotek was head of the Slaný Landkreis (district) and, thereafter, head of the Litoměřice Landkreis. After these assignments, he was appointed Imperial Counsellor. He also held the position of Austrian Stadtholder of the Kingdom of Bohemia from 1735 to 1738.
Václav Chotek died in Prague on May 2, 1754, age 80.
References
Roman Freiherr von Procházka: Genealogisches Handbuch erloschener böhmischer Herrenstandsfamilien, Seite 56, Verlag Degener & Co, Neustadt (Aisch) 1973
Nachkommerliste des Otto Chotek von Chotkow auf Liblin († nach 1400)
Czech politicians
Vaclav
Austrian politicians
Bohemian nobility
1674 births
1754 deaths
"Hey Child" (stylized in all caps) is a song by American rock band X Ambassadors. It was released as the second single from their second studio album, Orion, on April 19, 2019.
Composition
According to TuneBat.com, "Hey Child" is written in the key of F major and has a tempo of 112 beats per minute.
Music video
The video opens with a shot of a rail yard. Text appears on the background, saying "Hey. Haven't heard from you in a while. So I figured this was the best way to reach out. This is a new song. I wrote it about us."
The music starts, and the frontman, Sam Harris, appears in the middle of a street and begins singing the song.
Charts
References
2019 singles
2019 songs
X Ambassadors songs
Kidinakorner singles
Interscope Records singles
Konséquéla is a town and rural commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 656 square kilometers and includes 16 settlements. In the 2009 census it had a population of 31,007. The town of Konséquéla, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 45 km west of Koutiala.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Wilfrid Fox Napier OFM (born 8 March 1941) is a South African prelate of the Catholic Church. He served as Archbishop of Durban from 1992 to 2021 and has been a cardinal since 2001. He served as Bishop of Kokstad from 1981 to 1992.
Biography
Napier was born on 8 March 1941 in Swartberg, South Africa. He graduated from University College Galway in 1964 with a degree in Latin and English. Studying at the Irish Franciscans St Anthony's College, Leuven, he obtained an MA in philosophy and theology from the Catholic University of Louvain in Belgium.
He was ordained a priest of the Order of Friars Minor on 25 July 1970. On 15 May 1978 he was appointed apostolic administrator of Kokstad and on 29 November 1980 he was appointed bishop there. He chose as his episcopal motto the phrase pax et bonum which means "peace and goodwill".
On 29 March 1992, he was named to succeed Denis Hurley as Archbishop of Durban.
During the early nineties, he and other church leaders were involved in mediation and negotiation during the unrest leading up to the 1994 election and was present in September 1991 when the Peace Accord was signed. He was president of the Southern African Catholic Bishops' Conference in 1987-94 and 1999. He was also apostolic administrator of Umzimkulu from 1 August 1994 to 14 March 2009.
In 1995, he received the honorary degree of Doctor of Laws from University College Galway, his alma mater.
Napier is a member of the Episcopal Board of the International Commission on English in the Liturgy (ICEL).
Pope John Paul II made Napier a Cardinal Priest on 21 February 2001 and assigned the titular church of San Francesco d'Assisi ad Acilia. He was one of the cardinal electors who participated in the 2005 papal conclave that selected Pope Benedict XVI. On 21 March 2012, Pope Benedict XVI named him a member of the Pontifical Council for the Pastoral Care of Health Care Workers.
He was a cardinal elector at the 2013 papal conclave that elected Pope Francis. As the conclave neared he described himself as "very frightened"; he thought there was a "higher likelihood" the next pope would be non-European and said that "The centre of gravity of the church has also shifted from the north to the south."
He has been an occasional contributor to the South African national Catholic weekly "The Southern Cross".
Pope Francis accepted his resignation as archbishop of Durban on 9 June 2021. Napier continues as apostolicae administrator of the archdiocese until his successor is installed.
Views
AIDS
In January 2005, Napier stated, in comments similar to some made by Pope Benedict XVI, that government programmes to distribute condoms were ineffectual in stemming the spread of HIV. Instead, he proposed programmes based upon the principle of abstinence.
Vatican's views on Africa
In October 2003, Cardinal Napier stated that, to some extent, the Vatican lacks a "sufficient sensitivity to African churches." He said the trips Pope John Paul II made to Africa have helped, since every time he comes, Vatican officials are forced to learn something about Africa.
Paedophilia comments controversy
On 17 March 2013, in a BBC interview Napier said that "From my experience paedophilia is actually an illness, it is not a criminal condition, it is an illness." He went on to explain that he did not mean that there was to be not criminal liability. He mentioned two priests he knew who were abused as children and went on to become paedophiles and said: "Now don't tell me that those people are criminally responsible like somebody who chooses to do something like that. I don't think you can really take the position and say that person deserves to be punished. He was himself damaged." Michael Walsh, a biographer of Pope John Paul II, stated that at one time this was the view of many Catholics in the US and UK. Barbara Dorries from Chicago-based Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests and, herself a victim of sex abuse from a priest when she was a child told the BBC: "If it is a disease that's fine, but it's also a crime and crimes are punished, criminals are held accountable for what they did and what they do."
Napier attacked the BBC after the broadcast for being "sensationalist" and "putting words into my mouth". He added: "I made it quite clear that paedophilia is a crime, and that we as a church have got a whole process in place for dealing with it."
Napier apologised via Twitter for his comments: "I apologise to victims of child abuse offended by my misstatement of what was and still is my concern about all abused, including abused abuser." He went on to say "It's the supreme irony. Because I raised the issue of the abused abuser, I stand accused of insensitivity to the sufferings of the abused."
Climate change
In December 2011 Napier criticised world leaders on their failure to keep climate change commitments. He said "We express our displeasure with local and international political leadership which has failed to take decisive steps to make the changes required for the survival of humanity and life on earth. We as the religious community demand that our political leaders honour previous commitments and move towards ethically responsible positions and policies."
Marriage and family
Cardinal Napier said in 2015 that the recent two Synods of Bishops dedicated to marriage and family life enabled for there to be "a strong focus on the problems and challenges facing the family", calling for the Church to accompany them through times of crisis. Napier further said that it was important to identify concretely what married couples needed to do in order to strengthen their marital bond which in turn would allow them to properly identify how to strengthen their family lives.
Black Lives Matter
On 28 August 2020 Cardinal Napier voiced criticism of Black Lives Matter claiming it had been hijacked due to views the movement had expressed on the family and abortion, which the Cardinal believes undermines the cause of racial justice, tweeting "It's time to state honestly what BLM really stands for – destroying the traditional Family AND what it actually does – destroying property including religious building and objects!" and "Another crucial test of the authenticity of the Black Lives Matter movement will be its stance vis a vis Planned Parenthood and the Abortion Industry!"
References
External links
1941 births
Living people
20th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in South Africa
21st-century Roman Catholic archbishops in South Africa
Alumni of the University of Galway
Cardinals created by Pope John Paul II
South African Friars Minor
Franciscan cardinals
South African cardinals
Roman Catholic bishops of Kokstad
Roman Catholic bishops of Umzimkulu
Roman Catholic archbishops of Durban
Richard Lowndes (?1707–75), of Winslow, Buckinghamshire, was an English politician.
He was the son of Robert Lowndes of Winslow, Buckinghamshire and educated at Eton School and Worcester College, Oxford. He succeeded his father in 1727, inheriting considerable estates, including Winslow Hall. He later passed Winslow Hall to his son on the latter's marriage in 1766.
He was appointed High Sheriff of Buckinghamshire for 1738–39 and was elected MP for Buckinghamshire (1741–1774).
He married Essex, the daughter and coheiress of Charles Shales, banker, of London, in St Paul's Cathedral in 1730. They had 1 son (William, who later changed his name to William Shelby to inherit Whaddon Hall) and 2 daughters.
References
1707 births
1775 deaths
People from Winslow, Buckinghamshire
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Worcester College, Oxford
High Sheriffs of Buckinghamshire
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1741–1747
British MPs 1747–1754
British MPs 1754–1761
British MPs 1761–1768
British MPs 1768–1774
The Witchery of Archery, written by Maurice Thompson in 1878, was the first book in English about hunting with a bow ever published. Its full title is The Witchery of Archery: A Complete Manual of Archery. With Many Chapters of Adventures by Field and Flood, and an Appendix Containing Practical Directions for the Manufacture and Use of Archery Implements. It was the first important book about archery written in English since Toxophilus, which was written in 1545. It was said that Witchery "...has as much effect on archery as Uncle Tom's Cabin had on the Civil War.
Background
When Thompson wrote The Witchery of Archery, he filled it with various stories, many of which were humorous. However, it also gave practical advice on the sport, such as the manufacturing of archery paraphernalia and how to use the equipment while hunting.
The Witchery of Archery was accredited for returning the sport of archery to public interest. Some of this was due to rifles bringing back bad memories of the American Civil War. However, the revival also served some larger, pragmatic purpose: ex-Confederate soldiers were not allowed guns, but needed hunting to survive; archery became a convenient substitution. In addition, the late 1800s saw the last of the American Indian Wars, thus romanticizing the Native Americans and their cultures, which, in most accounts, included expert archery. In 1880, with the book less than two years old, patents relating to archery items greatly increased. More than any other book, The Witchery of Archery led to the increased interest in archery for the next half-century.
A year after The Witchery of Archery was published, Thompson was selected as the first president of the National Archery Association, largely due to the book.
A writer of several books, Thompson seemed to show little pride in writing The Witchery of Archery. On the title pages of his various works, he would list several titles he authored, but never did he list '"The Witchery of Archery'''.
See also
History of archery
Notes
References
The Witchery of Archery''
History of archery
1878 books
Tung Kuei-sen (1951 - 3 April 1991) was a member of the Taiwan-based United Bamboo Gang. Along with Chen Chi-li and Wu Tun, he is best known for his murder of dissident journalist Henry Liu in Daly City, California in October 1984.
Murder of Henry Liu
Chen and Wu had initially planned to murder Liu on their own by intercepting him at Fisherman's Wharf; after finding the area to be too crowded, they decided instead to attempt to attack him in his home, and enlisted Tung's help. After murdering Liu, Tung flew back to Taiwan with Chen and Wu, but was forced to flee to Manila a few weeks later during Operation Cleansweep a nationwide anti-gang raid. He fled Manila after being questioned by authorities there during an investigation of the contract murders of two Chinese Filipino families, going to Thailand, and then Brazil, where he was apprehended and in April 1986 extradited to New York City.
Trial
Tung first stood trial in New York State on Federal racketeering charges relating to a United Bamboo conspiracy to smuggle 660 pounds of heroin into the United States; however, he was acquitted of similar racketeering charges relating to Liu's murder due to his testimony that he shot Liu on orders from the Taiwan government, and not as part of a gang-related activity. As Brazil's extradition treaty with the United States specified that they would not extradite fugitives charged with crimes that could result in their execution, the prosecutor did not seek the death penalty. After the first trial, he was extradited from New York to California to stand trial for Liu's murder. Like Chen, Tung stated that he had killed Liu for patriotic reasons. He was found guilty by a jury on 17 March 1988 after just 45 minutes of deliberations.
Sentencing and imprisonment
Tung's sentence of 25 years to life for the murder and two years for the use of a firearm was passed on 12 May; the judge rejected a plea that his sentences be allowed to run concurrently, which could have seen him set free in just six years. According to prosecutors, he would not have been eligible for parole for 17 years and 8 months. He was then sent to Pennsylvania to serve out his term for the drug charges. On 21 February 1991, he was attacked and stabbed by fellow prisoners at the Lewisburg Federal Penitentiary in Lewisburg; after a long struggle to recover from his wounds, he died on 3 April.
References
1951 births
1991 deaths
1980s murders in Taiwan
1984 crimes in Taiwan
1984 murders in Asia
1991 murders in the United States
Triad members
Bamboo Union
Murdered gangsters
Prisoners murdered in custody
Taiwanese people imprisoned abroad
Prisoners and detainees of California
Prisoners who died in the United States federal government detention
Taiwanese people who died in prison custody
People murdered in Pennsylvania
Taiwanese people convicted of murder
Deaths by stabbing in the United States
Place of birth missing
People from Taichung
People extradited from Brazil
People extradited to the United States
John Jacob Janas (1910-1969) was an American politician who served as mayor of Lowell, Massachusetts and as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
Early life
Janas was born on September 4, 1910 in Lowell. He graduated from Lowell High School and took evening courses at the Lowell Technological Institute.
Political career
Janas began his political career as a member of the Lowell school committee. He then served fourteen years as a member of the Lowell city council and from 1954 to 1955 also served as mayor.
In 1962, Janas was elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives in an upset victory. He was the first Republican to represent the 15th Middlesex district. Janas remained in the House until his death on December 5, 1969. Lowell's John J. Janas Memorial Ice Skating Rink, built in 1971, is named in his honor.
References
1910 births
1969 deaths
American businesspeople in insurance
American real estate brokers
Massachusetts Republicans
Mayors of Lowell, Massachusetts
Members of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
20th-century American politicians
The 1948 NYU Violets football team was an American football team that represented New York University as an independent during the 1948 college football season.
In their second season under head coach Edward "Hook" Mylin, the Violets compiled a 3–6 record, and were outscored 190–96.
The team played one home game at Yankee Stadium in The Bronx, with the rest of its schedule on the road. NYU played no games at its on-campus home field, Ohio Field in University Heights, Bronx
Schedule
References
NYU
NYU Violets football seasons
NYU Violets football
Agility Trains is consortium of Hitachi, Axa UK and John Laing, which has been awarded a contract to design, manufacture, and maintain a fleet of long-distance class 800 and 801 trains to replace the InterCity 125 fleet as part of the Department for Transport's Intercity Express Programme.
The class 800 and 801s are designed to provide more seats and reduced journey times whilst being more environmentally friendly. Originally a 70/30 joint venture between Hitachi and John Laing, in March 2018, Axa purchased half of John Laing's shareholding.
In November 2021 GLIL Infrastructure purchase a 30% stake from Hitachi.
References
External links
Agility Trains
Axa
Hitachi
John Laing Group
Railway companies established in 2008
2008 establishments in England
Illuminated by the Light is the fourth album by Weird War, said to be their best.
When asked about the album's title, Svenonius has responded "Illuminated By The Light just means lit by the light. It's like being fed by the food."
Track listing
"Illuminated" − 3:42
"Mental Poisoning" − 4:04
"Girls Like That" − 4:45
"See About Me" − 3:51
"Crystal Healing" − 4:07
"A Visit to the Cave" − 1:17
"Word on the Street" − 3:36
"Earth, Mama, Woman, Girl, Child" − 3:16
"Motorcycle Mongoloid" − 5:36
"Destination: Dogfood" − 4:33
"Put It in Your Pocket" − 6:06
References
2005 albums
Weird War albums
Drag City (record label) albums
Equatorial Guinea first participated at the Olympic Games in 1984, and has sent athletes to compete in every Summer Olympic Games since then. The nation has never participated in the Winter Olympic Games.
As of 2016, no athlete from Equatorial Guinea has ever won an Olympic medal. The nation's most famous Olympic athlete is Eric Moussambani, who achieved some international notoriety for his exceptionally slow performance in swimming at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
The National Olympic Committee for Equatorial Guinea was created in 1980 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee in 1984.
Medal tables
Medals by Summer Games
See also
List of flag bearers for Equatorial Guinea at the Olympics
:Category:Olympic competitors for Equatorial Guinea
External links
Olympics
Cardinal Adam Kozłowiecki, S.J., (; 1 April 1911 – 28 September 2007) was Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Lusaka in Zambia.
Biography
Born in Huta Komorowska, Austria-Hungary (now part of Poland) into a noble family of Ostoja coat of arms, Kozłowiecki was ordained a Jesuit priest on 24 June 1937 after studying at the Zakład Naukowo-Wychowawczy Ojców Jezuitów w Chyrowie. In 1939 he and 24 confrères were arrested by the Gestapo in Kraków and sent to Auschwitz. Six months later he was transferred to the Dachau concentration camp, where he remained until the end of the war.
After his release, the Vicar General proposed that Kozłowiecki go to Northern Rhodesia, where the Polish Jesuits had a mission. He taught there for several years until being appointed Apostolic Administrator of the new Prefecture of Lusaka in 1950. As the mission grew, he was named Bishop and Vicar Apostolic on 11 September 1955. In 1959 he was appointed the first Metropolitan Archbishop of Lusaka. He resigned from the see in 1969 so that an African could be appointed Archbishop.
He participated in all the sessions of the Second Vatican Council and in the first Synod of Bishops in 1967, and in the 1994 Special Assembly of the Synod of Bishops dedicated to Africa. After his resignation, he continued to serve as a missionary in Zambia. He was a member of the Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples from 1970 to 1991.
He was created a Cardinal by John Paul II in the consistory of 21 February 1998; he was Cardinal-Priest of the Titulus S. Andreae in Quirinali. Because he reached 80 before becoming Cardinal, he was not eligible to participate in the 2005 conclave. He died on 28 September 2007.
The Cardinal received many recognitions, among them from President of Poland, Lech Kaczyński on 24 May 2007. The Adam Kozłowiecki Museum and Foundation, "Heart without Borders", was founded in his honor.
References
Sources
pap, ss: Zmarł kardynał Kozłowiecki (pol.). wprost.pl, 2007-09-28. [dostęp 2011-06-20].
Sprawozdanie Dyrekcji Zakładu Naukowo-Wychowawczego OO. Jezuitów w Bąkowicach pod Chyrowem za rok szkolny 1936/37. Przemyśl: 1937, s. 12.
Prezydent RP nadał odznaczenie (pol.). prezydent.pl, 2007-05-24. [dostęp 2012-05-12].
M.P. z 2007 r. nr 57, poz. 641
Odznaka Zasłużony dla Województwa Podkarpackiego. bip.podkarpackie.pl. [dostęp 2017-12-15].
Honorowi obywatele gminy Majdan Królewski. majdankrolewski.pl. [dostęp 2016-07-11].
Radio Watykańskie/a.: Sandomierz: Fundacja kard. Kozłowieckiego (pol.). info.wiara.pl, 2008-03-27. [dostęp 2011-06-20].
Odsłonięcie tablicy upamiętniającej Ks. Kardynała Adama Kozłowieckiego (pol.). majdankrolewski.pl, 2008-10-03. [dostęp 2010-11-09].
Powstało muzeum im. kard. Kozłowieckiego (pol.). deon.pl, 2011-09-24. [dostęp 2017-06-16]. [zarchiwizowane z tego adresu (2017-06-16)].
Bibliography
Sylwetka w słowniku biograficznym kardynałów Salvadora Mirandy
Agata i Zbigniew Judyccy, Polonia. Słownik biograficzny, Warszawa 2000 (s. 155–156)
Sylwetka na Catholic-Hierarchy.org
External links
Catholic-pages bio of Adam Cardinal Kozłowiecki
1911 births
2007 deaths
20th-century Polish cardinals
21st-century Polish cardinals
Participants in the Second Vatican Council
Zambian Roman Catholic archbishops
Roman Catholic missionaries in Zambia
20th-century Polish Jesuits
Auschwitz concentration camp survivors
Dachau concentration camp survivors
Cardinals created by Pope John Paul II
Clan of Ostoja
Polish Roman Catholic missionaries
Jesuit archbishops
Jesuit cardinals
Roman Catholic bishops of Lusaka
Roman Catholic archbishops of Lusaka
Suriname participated at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics in Buenos Aires, Argentina from 6 October to 18 October 2018.
Athletics
2 quotas
Field events
Swimming
1 quota
References
2018 in Surinamese sport
Nations at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics
Suriname at the Youth Olympics
The Finland national football team (, ) represents Finland in men's international football competitions and is controlled by the Football Association of Finland, the governing body for football in Finland, which was founded in 1907. The team has been a member of FIFA since 1908 and a UEFA member since 1957.
Finland had never qualified for a major tournament until securing a spot at UEFA Euro 2020, which was postponed to 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. After many decades of average results and campaigns, the nation made progression in the 2000s, achieving notable results against established European teams and reaching a peak of 33rd in the FIFA World Rankings in 2007. But, after that, they saw a decline of performances and results, drawing them to their all-time low of 110th in the FIFA Rankings in 2017. However, after five years of their all-time low in the FIFA Rankings, as of April 2022, they sit at the 57th place in the overall ranking, and at the 29th place between the European FIFA members. Finland is one of the few countries in Europe where football is not the most popular sport. As a result, their level in football is not as high as in ice hockey, which is much more popular in Finland.
History
Early history
The Football Association of Finland was founded in 1907 and became a member of FIFA in 1908. At the time, Finland was an autonomous grand duchy of the Russian Empire. Finland played its first international on 22 October 1911, as Sweden beat the Finns at the Eläintarha Stadium in Helsinki. Finland participated the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm, beating Italy and the Russian Empire, but losing the bronze medal match against the Netherlands.
Period of dispersion
After the 1918 Civil War, the Finnish sports movement was divided into the right-wing Finnish Gymnastics and Sports Federation (SVUL) and the leftist Finnish Workers' Sports Federation (TUL), Finnish Football Association was a member of the SVUL. Both sides had their own championship series, and between 1919 and 1939 the Finland national team was selected of the Football Association players only. The Finnish Workers' Sports Federation football team in turn, participated the competitions of the international labour movement.
However, since the late 1920s several top footballers defected from TUL and joined the Football Association to be eligible for the national team. During the 1930s, these ″defectors″ formed the spine of the national team. For example, the Finland squad at the 1936 Summer Olympics was composed of eight former TUL players. In 1937, Finland participated the FIFA World Cup qualification for the first time, losing all three matches against Sweden, Germany and Estonia.
Since 1939, TUL players were selected to the national team and finally in 1956, the TUL and Football Association series were merged.
Post-war years
The 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki saw the Finnish hosts lose to Austria in the first round. Finland did, however, win the unofficial Nordic championship in 1964 and 1966.
Finland also took part in European Championship qualifying since the 1968 event, but had to wait for its first win until 1978.
Later 20th century
The results of the team improved somewhat in the late 1970s and the 1980s. Finland missed out on qualification for Euro 1980 by just a point and for the 1986 World Cup by two points. Finland was invited to take part in the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow after many Western countries announced they would boycott the games, but failed to progress from its group.
By the mid-1990s Finland started to have more players in high-profile European leagues, led by the Ajax superstar Jari Litmanen. In 1996 Danish Euro 1992 winning coach Richard Møller Nielsen was hired to take Finland to the 1998 World Cup. The team enjoyed mixed fortunes in the campaign, high points of which were a draw and a win away to Norway and Switzerland respectively. Going into the last match, Finland would have needed a win at home to Hungary to earn a place in the play-offs. They led the game 1–0 going into injury time, but scored an own goal, and once again the dreams of qualification were over. Møller Nielsen also tried to lead Finland to Euro 2000. In this campaign the Finns recorded a sensational win away to Turkey, but couldn't compete with Germany and Turkey in the long run.
Antti Muurinen succeeded Møller Nielsen as coach in 2000. He had arguably the most talented group of Finnish players ever at his disposal, including players such as Antti Niemi, Sami Hyypiä, Teemu Tainio and Mikael Forssell in addition to the legendary Litmanen. The team also performed quite well under him in qualification for the 2002 World Cup despite a difficult draw, earning two draws against Germany and a home draw with England as well as beating Greece 5–1 in Helsinki. In the end, however, England and Germany proved too strong, and the Finns finished third in the group, but were the only team in that group not to lose at home. Hopes were high going into qualification for Euro 2004 after the promising last campaign and friendly wins over the likes of Norway, Belgium and Portugal (which seen the Finns jump from 40th–30th in the Elo ranking). However, Finland started the campaign by losing to Wales and Yugoslavia (later Serbia and Montenegro, now two separate nations). These losses were followed by two defeats by Italy, and a 3–0 home win over Serbia and Montenegro was little consolation, as the Finns finished fourth in the group. In qualification for the 2006 World Cup Finland failed to score a single point in six matches against the top three teams in their group, the Netherlands, the Czech Republic and Romania. Muurinen was sacked in June 2005, and he was replaced by caretaker Jyrki Heliskoski, but results didn't improve.
In August 2005, it was announced that Roy Hodgson would become the new Finland coach in 2006, and he started in the job in January of that year. Hodgson stepped down as manager after they failed to qualify for Euro 2008. His replacement was a Scotsman, Stuart Baxter, who signed a contract until the end of the 2012 European Championship qualification campaign.
Recent history
In the Euro 2008 qualifying Finland needed to win their last qualifying game away at Portugal to qualify for their first major football tournament. However, the match ended 0–0 meaning the team missed out on qualification to the tournament, with Finland ending the group stage with 24 points and Portugal with 27 points. However, the performance in qualifying led to the Finns gaining their best-ever FIFA world ranking to date at the position of 33rd.
The 2010 World Cup qualifying campaign under new head coach Stuart Baxter saw Finland again finish third in their group with five wins, three draws and two defeats. They were the only team in qualifying not to lose to eventual 3rd-place finishers Germany; in both the home and away matches Finland had led Germany only to concede late equalisers. Finland finished a disappointing fourth in Euro 2012 qualifying, with only three wins, two of them against minnows San Marino.
In the 2014 World Cup qualifying campaign, Finland's best result was a 1–1 draw at reigning world champions Spain. They finished third in the five-team Group I, behind Spain and France. Finland finished fourth in Euro 2016 qualifying but achieved another noteworthy result. Joel Pohjanpalo's goal gave the Finns a 1–0 win at former European champions Greece, who had reached the second round of the 2014 World Cup and were the top seeds of their qualifying group.
The 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign saw Finland finish a disappointing fifth in their group with only two wins, although one of them was over Iceland, who finished top of the qualifying group.
On 15 November 2019, Finland managed to qualify to the first major tournament, UEFA Euro 2020, in their history after defeating Liechtenstein 3–0. The successful qualifying campaign in Group J, was aided by a distinctive performance of Teemu Pukki, who scored ten goals in the qualifications.
On 12 June 2021 in the Euro 2020 Finland had their first victory on their debut in a major tournament finals, Joel Pohjanpalo scored the only goal, a header in a 1–0 win over Denmark to grant his country their first goal and win in a major competition. Unfortunately, having lost the next two games from both Russia and Belgium, Finland was eliminated from the group stage alongside fellow debutants North Macedonia as a result of their poor performance after being edged out by fourth placed team Ukraine due to goal difference.
Home stadiums
Most of Finland's important home matches are played at the Helsinki Olympic Stadium in the capital Helsinki. It has been Finland's principal home stadium ever since its construction was completed in 1938. Before that Pallokenttä in Helsinki was mainly used.
Today, some qualifying matches against lower profile opponents and some friendlies are hosted at the Tampere Stadium in Tampere and Veritas Stadion in Turku. Helsinki's Bolt Arena, which has artificial turf, is also used for some friendlies and qualifiers. During the reconstruction of Helsinki Olympic Stadium in 2016–20, Tampere Stadium served as the main stadium for qualifying games.
Kits and crest
Finland's kit are currently supplied by American brand Nike, Inc. They replaced German company Adidas who supplied Finland's kits between 1979 and 2014.
Kit sponsorship
Results and fixtures
2021
2022
Coaching staff
Coaching history
.
Players
Current squad
The following players were called up for the 2022–23 UEFA Nations League B matches against Romania on 23 September and Montenegro on 26 September.
Caps and goals as of 26 September 2022, after the match against Montenegro.
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up for the team in the last twelve months.
INJ = Withdrew due to an injury
WD = Withdrew due to a non-injury issue
PRE = Preliminary squad / standby
RET = Retired from international duty
Player records
Players in bold are still active with Finland.
Most appearances
Top goalscorers
Competitive record
FIFA World Cup
UEFA European Championship
UEFA Nations League
Olympic Games
Nordic Football Championship
Baltic Cup
Head-to-head record
This list is Finland national team complete records, both friendlies and competitive matches.
Honours
1912 Summer Olympics
Fourth place: 1912
Minor tournaments
Baltic Cup
Runners-up: 2012
Third-place: 2014
Nordic Football Championship
Winners: 2000–01
Third-place: 1964–67
King's Cup
Runners-up: 2000, 2013
Fourth place: 1996
See also
Finland national under-21 football team
Finland national under-19 football team
Finland national under-17 football team
Finland women's national football team
Finland women's national under-17 football team
Football in Finland
Åland official football team
Sápmi football team
References
External links
Official website
RSSSF archive of results 1911–
RSSSF archive of most capped players and highest goalscorers
RSSSF archive of coaches
The Finnish National Team Supporters' Association
Reports for all official matches
Russian fan site about Finnish football and national team (in Russian)
European national association football teams
Stony Creek is a small township in South Gippsland, Victoria, Australia, located roughly between Meeniyan and Foster. At the , it had a population of 281.
History
The post office opened on 23 May 1892 after a settlement was established on the arrival of the railway.
The town today
Stony Creek has a horse racing club, the Stony Creek Racing Club, which schedules around seven race meetings a year including the Stony Creek Cup meeting in March.
It also has a go-kart circuit located next to the race track on the highway.
The town has an Australian Rules football team, the Stony Creek Football Netball Club, nicknamed "The Lions", competing in the Alberton Football League. The club colours are maroon and white. The club's last senior premiership came in 2009 when Stony Creek defeated Wonthaggi Power in the seniors.
See also
Stony Creek railway station, Victoria
References
External links
Township map
Stony Creek Racing Club
Stony Creek Go-Karts
Towns in Victoria (Australia)
Towns in South Gippsland
Shire of South Gippsland
Çakmak is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
Alison Jane Sinclair is professor of molecular virology at the University of Sussex where she runs the Sinclair Lab. Her research interests include the Epstein Barr virus. She is a fellow of the Royal Society of Biology and a senior fellow of the Higher Education Academy.
References
External links
Living people
Women virologists
British virologists
Academics of the University of Sussex
Alumni of University College London
Year of birth missing (living people)
Fellows of the Royal Society of Biology
Senior Fellows of the Higher Education Academy
Roman Tvrdoň (born 29 January 1981 in Trenčín, Czechoslovakia, now Slovakia) is a Slovakian ice hockey player who was drafted in 1999 by the Washington Capitals.
External links
1981 births
Slovak ice hockey players
Portland Pirates players
Washington Capitals players
Nottingham Panthers players
Living people
Sportspeople from Trenčín
HC Slovan Bratislava players
Washington Capitals draft picks
Spokane Chiefs players
Zhang Chai was a minister of Later Zhao during the Sixteen Kingdoms period. He was a close ally to Shi Hu's empress, Empress Liu, who helped her establish themselves as the paramount leaders of Zhao through her son Shi Shi following the death of Shi Hu in 349. The pair attempted to centralize their power and eliminate their rivals, but a popular coup led by Shi Zun saw their reign barely lasting a month as they were removed and subsequently executed. Despite the coup, it would soon be known as the beginning of a bigger power struggle within the Shi family over the throne that led to the destruction of Later Zhao in 351 in the hands of Ran Min.
Early life and career
Zhang Chai was a man from Guangping County in Julu Commandery. In 312, Zhang Chai and a fellow townsman named You Lun (游綸) gathered a large host of people and staged a revolt in the city of Yuanxiang (苑鄕, in present-day Hebei and Beijing), which was at the time under Han Zhao. Zhang Chai and You Lun surrendered to the Youzhou warlord and Jin general Wang Jun and in response, the Han general Shi Le sent his army to besiege Yuanxiang. Wang Jun directed his army to attack Shi Le's capital in Xiangguo, forcing Shi Le to take his focus away from Yuanxiang. However, Shi Le managed to turn back Wang Jun's army. With Wang Jun defeated, Zhang Chai and You Lun surrendered back to Han Zhao that same year.
Shi Le broke away from Han Zhao in 319 and established his own state of Later Zhao. Zhang Chai appears to have followed Shi Le during the split. In 329, he participated in Shi Hu's campaign against Liu Yin and Liu Xi in Shanggui. The campaign was a victory for Shi Hu and resulted in the complete destruction of Han Zhao. During the campaign, Zhang Chai captured the Han Zhao emperor Liu Yao's daughter, the Princess of Anding, who was only twelve years old at the time. Zhang introduced her to Shi Hu, who made her one of his concubines. The Princess of Anding eventually grew up to be one of Shi Hu's favoured wife and gave birth to one of his sons, Shi Shi.
Supporting Shi Shi to the throne
In 348, Shi Hu was troubled with a succession issue. He had just executed his heir, Shi Xuan (石宣), who plotted to assassinate Hu but was discovered. At the suggestion of Zhang Ju, Shi Hu was considering making either Shi Bin (石斌) or Shi Zun as his new heir. Zhang Chai, who was serving as the General Who Awes the Rong at the time, proposed against it, "The Duke of Yan (Shi Bin) had a lowborn mother, and he has already committed a transgression. The Duke of Pengcheng's (Shi Zun) mother (Zheng Yingtao) had been demoted before due to the incident with your original Crown Prince (Shi Sui (石邃), who was also executed by Shi Hu). If she becomes Empress again, I fear she might still hold a grudge. I pray Your Majesty reconsider."
Under the guise of concern, Zhang Chai actually wanted Shi Shi installed because he was still a child. Zhang Chai was confident that Shi Hu would die soon, and this succession crisis can aid him in expanding his personal power. He further adds, "When Your Majesty chose your heirs before, their mothers were all of common blood, and that was why disasters happened one after another. So this time, you should choose as your crown prince a son who is both filial and born of noble blood." Shi Hu agreed and made Shi Shi his Crown Prince and Lady Liu as his Empress. When a petition was published to have the ministers support Shi Shi to the throne, one minister, Cao Mo (曹莫), refused to sign the petition. When Shi Hu sent Zhang Chai to ask why, he expressed his belief that it was not proper to have a child be emperor.
The following year in 349, Zhang Chai's instincts proved to be correct, as Shi Hu became deathly ill. Shi Hu started appointing regents to guide Shi Shi, them being Shi Bin, Shi Zun and Zhang Chai. Zhang Chai was appointed Grand General Who Guards And Protects, General Who Leads The Army, and Supervisor of the Masters of Writing. Both Zhang and Empress Liu saw Shi Bin as a potential rival for them once Shi Hu dies. They sent a messenger to Shi Bin falsely informing him to enjoy himself in Xianngguo, stating that Shi Hu was now recovering from his illness. Once Shi Bin started participating in excessively indulgent activities, Empress Liu and Zhang Chai forged an edict denouncing him as an unfilial son and had him confined in his home, where Zhang had his brother Zhang Xiong (張雄) watch the prince with his soldiers. Zhang Chai later sent a false edict to his brother telling him to kill Shi Bin.
Another false edict was forged by the Empress, this time solidifying Zhang Chai's power over the court. The Empress made Zhang Chai Grand Guardian and Commander of all military affairs, and chief of affairs of the Masters of Writing. He was to hold so much power that it was comparable to that of Huo Guang during the Han dynasty.
Brief control over the government
Shi Hu died on the 25th of May in 349. Empress Dowager Liu took control of the court affairs and made Zhang Chai the Prime Minister. However, Zhang Chai objected to this and instead suggested that Shi Zun and the Prince of Yiyang, Shi Jian be made Prime Ministers of the Left and Right respectively to satiate them, which she agreed to.
One of Zhang Chai's first goal was to eliminate the Minister of Works, Li Nong. He planned to execute him but one of the conspirators, Zhang Ju was a friend of Li Nong, so he leaked the plot to him, giving Li ample time to flee to Guangzong. Li Nong then fled to Shangbai (上白, in modern-day Guangzong County, Hebei) where he defended himself with remnants of the Qihuo, so the Empress Dowager ordered Zhang Ju to besiege Li Nong with capital troops. Meanwhile, Zhang Chai appointed Zhang Li (張離) as Grand General Who Guards The Army and Chief of all military affairs to act as his adjutant.
Shi Hu's generals and ministers had all despised Zhang Chai and the Empress Dowager for their grasp over the court, and the attack on Li Nong only served to make their resentment grow stronger. A group of powerful generals, including Pu Hong, Yao Yizhong and Shi Min, were returning from quelling the rebellion of Liang Du (梁犢) when they came across Shi Zun on their way back home. They pleaded him to lead them in deposing the Shi Shi, the Empress Dowager and Zhang Chai in exchange that they support him in becoming the new emperor. Shi Zun agreed and raised he troops in Licheng (李城, in modern-day Pingyi County, Shandong) to march over to Yecheng. He then sent out a proclamation calling out Zhang Chai's crimes, sending Zhang Chai into a state of panic and causing him to recall the troops from Shangbai.
Shi Zun and his army reached Tangyin on June 12th with Shi Min serving the vanguard. Zhang Chai intended to march out and face him, but many of his troops defected in support of the prince as they thought he had come to mourn his late father. Zhang Chai tried to kill as many defectors that he can but most of them escaped to the opposing side. Even his adjutant Zhang Li decided to defect and opened the gates for Shi Zun to enter. The Empress Dowager was distressed and urged Zhang to grant him high-ranking offices. An edict was made appointing Shi Zun as Prime Minister along with many other offices, but he continued his advance into Ye.
Shi Zun reached Anyang Point on June 15th, and Zhang Chai fearfully went out to welcome him but was arrested by Shi Zun instead. On June 16th, Shi Zun reached the palace and carried out the mourning ceremony. Zhang Chai was executed at the Pingle (平樂) market square in Ye along with his family members to the third degree. After Shi Zun ascended the throne, Shi Shi and the now-deposed Lady Liu were also executed. Despite their removal, Later Zhao was thrown into civil war between Shi Zun and his brothers who supposedly sought to avenge Shi Shi, and Shi Zun himself would only rule for 183 days before he was removed by Shi Min, starting Later Zhao's swift decline.
References
Fang, Xuanling (ed.) (648). Book of Jin (Jin Shu).
Sima, Guang (1084). Zizhi Tongjian.
Later Zhao ministers
349 deaths
Jaime Julián García Añoveros (24 January 1932 – 15 March 2000) was a Spanish politician from the Union of the Democratic Centre (UCD) who served as Minister of Finance from April 1979 to December 1982.
References
Government ministers of Spain
20th-century Spanish politicians
Economy and finance ministers of Spain
1932 births
2000 deaths
University of Valencia alumni
University of Bologna alumni
Qing'an Station is a metro station at Chengdu, Sichuan, China. It was opened on December 18, 2020 with the opening of Chengdu Metro Line 8.
References
Chengdu Metro stations
Railway stations in China opened in 2020
Pokaia (died 1807) was a Ngāpuhi chief from Northland, New Zealand. He was killed at the battle of Moremonui in an ambush by the Ngāti Whātua. His sister Te Kona was the mother of Hōne Heke.
References
Ngāpuhi
1807 deaths
Year of birth unknown
St Vincent & the Grenadines was represented at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester, England, by a fifteen-member contingent comprising nine sportspersons and six officials. The country's competitors were four competitors in athletics, one squash player, and four table tennis players, while the officials were one "Chef de Mission" (head of the entire contingent), one team attaché, one doctor, one team manager, and two head coaches.
Azik Graham competed in the men's 100 m dash, finishing with a time of 10.99 seconds. He placed 6th in his heat and did not advance to the next round. Nickie Peters participated in both the men's 800 m and 1500 m runs. In the 800 m, he finished in 1:52.73 and did not advance. He finished the 1500 m in a time of 3:53.09 and again did not advance. Pamenos Ballantyne competed in the men's marathon, finishing in 11th place with a time of 2:19:36.
Natasha Mayers, the contingent's only female member, participated in both the 100 m and 200 m races. In the 100 m, she advanced to the final and took 8th place overall with a time of 11.38 seconds. In the 200 m, she took 4th place overall with a time of 22.84 seconds, missing out on a bronze medal by 0.15 seconds.
James Bentick was the team's squash player, he competed in the men's singles event.
The four table tennis players were Kumani Finch, Deighton Calistus Doncarl King, Kerry Pierre, and Desmond Shallow. All four participated in the men's singles event, and King, Pierre, and Shallow competed together in the team event. For the men's doubles competition, the group broke into two teams, Finch and Shallow on one and King and Pierre on the other.
Medals
See also
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines at the 2003 Pan American Games
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines at the 2004 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games
2002
Architect is an open-source integrated development environment (IDE), based on Eclipse. It serves as a multi-purpose workbench for data scientists, by providing support for various programming languages and technologies.
Integrated development environments are software applications that support computer programmers and data scientists in their work. In a single program interface, it provides one or more source code editors, syntax highlighting and functionality for building or executing the code. Within the broad family of IDEs, Architect primarily aims at applications in data science. Originally, it primarily focussed on the (statistical) programming language R. Over time, it has developed towards a more universal platform for modern data science.
Data science workbench
Through the StatET plugin, Architect provides full support for the R programming language. It supports the use of multiple R consoles in which R code can be executed. It also provides syntax highlighting and an integrated debugger. In addition, it is possible to set up a remote R session on server. To allow this, the RJ library has to be installed on the server.
Architect also provides out of the box support for Git (distributed revision control), LaTeX, Sweave / knitr, C, C++, Java and the Mylyn task management system.
Customization
An advantage of Eclipse over most other IDEs is that is provides many possibilities for further customization to the needs and wishes of the end user. The long list of available Eclipse plug-ins provide support for virtually any programming language. For example, Architect can be easily extended by adding support for the Python programming language (by using the PyDev plug-in) or for the creation of Docker software containers
References
Integrated development environments
The Monument to Christ the King is a white marble structure in the grounds of Saint Patrick's Cathedral, Karachi, Pakistan.
History
This monument stands overlooking one of the busiest streets of Karachi – Shahrah-e-Iraq. The idea for these 54 feet high architectural beauty emerged in 1926. It is the only structure of its kind in the city of Karachi and is popular with tourists.
Vincent Gimenez S.J. was the Parish Priest of St. Patrick's Parish when Pope Pius IX initiated the Feast of Christ the King (celebrated on the last Sunday in October) in 1925. Fr. Gimenez was the first to introduce the procession of Christ the King through the streets of Saddar Town in October 1926.
In 1927 the local branch of the Apostleship of Prayer conceived the idea of erecting a monument that would be a symbol of devotion to the Sacred Heart of Jesus. The Catholics of Karachi and surrounding areas got together and formed a Board consisting of 26 members. Fr. Gimenez was the President, R.A.M D'Silva was General Secretary and C. S. Lobo was Treasurer.
In addition, 14 Catholic Associations connected with the parish and representative of the community around 80 persons also went about collecting donations, expediting the work of planning and overseeing construction.
Construction
The Monument was designed by M. X Andrade and the construction was supervised by August Rodrigues, retired Superintendent Engineer Public Works Department, Bombay. The marble for this monument was imported from Carrara, Italy through Anthony Coutinho and Company. The statue of Christ the King installed high above the ground was a gift from Major Quadros of Cincinnatus Town, Karachi.
The crypt has a seating capacity for 150 people and is adorned with two murals - one of heaven and the other of hell, the work of a Mr. Vaz, a Goan artist. The crypt also houses a replica of St. Francis Xavier. The total cost of the monument was Rs.81,500.
Inauguration
The celebrations for the inauguration of the monument lasted for nine days. Eleven committees were formed: Congress committee, Music committee, Stage committee, Pageant committee, Procession committee, Street Decoration committee and an Accommodation committee.
After four years of planning and construction the monument was completed. On October 17, 1931 there was an investiture ceremony of the new Knight of St. Gregory the Great followed by a Passion play which was held at St. Patrick's School. Over two hundred people took part in this play which ran for four days, to packed houses. This was the first time that microphones and loud speakers were used at a function at St. Patrick's.
The next day a Pontifical High Mass was celebrated followed by the opening of the Congress of Catholic Action, by the Delegate Apostolic to the East Indies, Mgr. Leo P. Kierkels C.P. After a short inaugural address and the reading of the telegram sent by the Pope, the hymn to Christ the King was sung. After a short speech by the President of the Executive Board, Fr. Gimenez, the monument was blessed by Kierkels.
This ceremony was attended by a large segment of society including many non-Catholics. Church officials from this part of the world, priests and religious from all over India also joined the thousands of locals in this celebration.
During the week Masses were held at the Monument by the different organizations of the parish. Later a two mile long procession led by the band of St. Patrick's Cadet Corps, and followed by parishioners dressed as various characters of the Bible.
Jamshed Nusserwanjee Mehta, President of the Municipal Corporation led a large section of non-Catholics in the procession. At the conclusion fireworks lit up the night sky.
Feast day
The Feast of Christ the King is celebrated on the last Sunday in November, just before the start of Advent. There was an annual procession from St Patrick's Cathedral in Saddar, known as the Christ the King Procession, in which members of the Catholic community took part; it was nearly quarter of a mile long. However, it was stopped in the mid-1960s due to congestion on the streets and some cases of harassment.
Recent events
On its 80th anniversary, the monument is greatly damaged by the ravages of weather and time. Most of the bordering and pavements surrounding the monument as well as the cathedral building have been removed. The salinity in the soil had destroyed its base. Parts of it are broken and unless measures are taken to repair and save the structure it may not survive to see its century.
Restoration
On September 27, 2011 a fund-raising drive was initiated to raise money to renovate the Christ the King monument. Rupees 10 million (US$115,000) is needed to save the ancient cultural heritage of the Church.
In 2012 the Archbishop Emeritus of Karachi formed a committee for the restoration and preservation of Monument. Menin Rodrigues was appointed as Project Head and Roland deSouza as the Technical Coordinator.
The restoration was completed in 2013. On 24 November 2013, the Feast of Christ the King, Archbishop Edgar Pena Parra, Apostolic Nuncio to Pakistan, blessed the monument after completion of the restoration work. The NED University of Engineering and Technology was one of the main contributors to the repair work which cost Rs 8.5 million.
References
Cultural infrastructure completed in 1931
Catholic Church in Pakistan
Buildings and structures in Karachi
Monuments and memorials in Pakistan
Bent County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 5,650. The county seat and only incorporated municipality is Las Animas. The county is named in honor of frontier trader William Bent.
History
As Colorado experienced population growth following the American Civil War, government had to be closer to the people for commerce and justice to be better served in growing communities. Territorial Bent County was created in February 1870, followed by Greenwood County the following month. The June 1, 1870, Federal Census was several months away and there were plans to apply for statehood. On February 2, 1874, Grand County and Elbert County were formed. On February 6, 1874, Greenwood County was dissolved and divided between Bent and Elbert counties. At the time of this annexation, Bent County included a large portion of southeastern Colorado. In 1889, Bent County acquired its current borders when it was partitioned to create Cheyenne, Lincoln, Kiowa, Otero, and Prowers counties.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.8%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Kiowa County - north
Prowers County - east
Baca County - southeast
Las Animas County - southwest
Otero County - west
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 50
State Highway 101
State Highway 109
State Highway 194
State Highway 196
State protected area
John Martin Reservoir State Park
Trails and byway
American Discovery Trail
Santa Fe National Historic Trail
Santa Fe Trail National Scenic Byway
Demographics
At the 2000 census, there were 5,998 people, 2,003 households, and 1,388 families in the county. The population density was 4 people per square mile (2/km2). There were 2,366 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 79.53% White, 3.65% Black or African American, 2.23% Native American, 0.57% Asian, 10.25% from other races, and 3.77% from two or more races. 30.24% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 2,003 households 32.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.50% were married couples living together, 11.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.70% were non-families. 27.20% of households were one person and 12.20% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.07.
The age distribution was 23.80% under the age of 18, 9.30% from 18 to 24, 29.20% from 25 to 44, 21.80% from 45 to 64, and 15.90% 65 or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 129.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 138.70 males.
The median household income was $28,125 and the median family income was $34,096. Males had a median income of $22,755 versus $24,261 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,567. About 16.60% of families and 19.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 27.40% of those under age 18 and 13.00% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Bent is a strongly Republican county, although it is less so than the counties to its east. The last Democrat to carry Bent County was Bill Clinton in 1996, although Michael Dukakis in 1988 was the last to gain a majority.
Communities
Cities
Las Animas
Census-designated place
Hasty
Other unincorporated places
Able
Boggsville
Caddoa
Fort Lyon
Marlman
McClave
Melina
Ninaview
Gallery
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
Colorado census statistical areas
George W. Swink, retailer and cattleman
Greenwood County, Colorado Territory
List of counties in Colorado
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bent County, Colorado
References
Notes
External links
Bent County Government website
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
1874 establishments in Colorado Territory
Colorado counties
Eastern Plains
Populated places established in 1874
NetVault is a set of data protection software developed and supported by Quest Software. NetVault Backup is a backup and recovery software product. It can be used to protect data and software applications in physical and virtual environments from one central management interface. It supports many servers, application platforms, and protocols such as UNIX, Linux, Microsoft Windows, VMware, Microsoft Hyper-V, Oracle, Sybase, Microsoft SQL Server, NDMP, Oracle ACSLS, IBM DAS/ACI, Microsoft Exchange Server, DB2, and Teradata.
Quest Software offers data deduplication, and protection for NAS filers (NDMP).
Offerings/Features/Usage
NetVault Backup is based on a client-server architecture. A central NetVault Backup Server provides the job management, media management, device management, client management, reporting, notifications, and logging functions. The NetVault Backup Server maintains a history of backups in the NetVault Backup database enabling users to identify the object(s) they want to restore. NetVault Clients are “agents” that work with the NetVault Backup Server to back up and recover the respective servers, applications, and data. The client software is installed on each machine to be protected. The NetVault WebUI enables centralized administration of a NetVault Backup Server from any browser.
NetVault supports tape drives, tape libraries, and other backup devices attached to the central server itself, or to a protected machine located anywhere on the network enabling LAN-free backups. Additionally, devices can be controlled through NDMP if they are attached to a supported filer.
The NetVault Backup Server (the master backup server) can be deployed on Microsoft Windows or Linux.
Platform and application support
NetVault Backup can protect Windows Server, Linux, Solaris, FreeBSD, AIX, HP-UX, Hyper-V, and VMware. It also can back up a variety of applications and NAS devices (NDMP) using so-called Plug-ins. The list includes Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, Microsoft Exchange Server, Lotus Notes, IBM Db2, Sybase, and others.
Components
There are three options within the NetVault suite, enabling backup and recovery to disk or tape, bare metal recovery (BMR), and data deduplication:
NetVault Backup is a cross-platform backup and recovery software product. It can be used to back up and recover data and applications in physical and virtual environments from one central management interface. eWEEK wrote that NetVault's broad platform support is its “primary strength.” For example, NetVault has been ported to Mac OS X. “This makes it a good choice for IT managers who want to back up their data to Apple servers.”
NetVault SmartDisk Data Deduplication offers disk-based backup, data compression, and data deduplication to reduce the backend storage footprint. It uses byte-level, variable block-based software deduplication and is hardware-agnostic, so no specialized drives or appliances are needed.
NetVault Bare Metal Recovery enables users to restore a computer from its "bare metal" state—including the necessary operating system, network settings, system settings, applications, disk partitions, and data.
NetApp options
Quest supports NetApp products with the following technologies:
SnapMirror to Tape – Working in conjunction with the NetApp's SnapMirror technology, NetVault SnapMirror to Tape enables full volumes on filers to be mirrored and backed up to tape to provide the ability to store data offsite for disaster recovery.
SnapVault Manager – SnapVault Manager provides a graphical interface that is integrated with NetVault Backup to provide a single point of enterprise-wide control of NetApp's SnapVault. This allows organizations to back up changed data from multiple storage platforms to a common Snapshot target on NetApp appliances.
Snapshot Manager – The NetVault NDMP Snapshot Manager allows organizations to generate, automatically schedule and recover snapshots through NetVault's GUI.
Disk targets
Originally NetVault Backup was intended to back up to physical tapes in tape drives. However, the product was soon extended to support backup to disk.
For data deduplication, NetVault Backup supports Quest's DR appliance and NetVault SmartDisk.
The Dell DR appliance is a hardware-based, inline deduplication storage product. Its deduplication engine was originally developed by Ocarina Networks. The NetVault and Ocarina engineering teams worked to integrate the two technologies.
NetVault Backup can also be used with NetVault SmartDisk, which is a disk storage repository and deduplication product. NetVault SmartDisk can perform post-process data deduplication. It represents a contiguous storage pool on disk without being subdivided into virtual tapes or slots for easier management and allows for byte-level, variable block-based software deduplication.
NetVault Backup supports EMC Data Domain via DD Boost and Quantum DXi.
For LAN-free backups, NetVault Backup can write to a physical tape drive or VTL that is shared between multiple machines using Fibre Channel or iSCSI.
History
1989: The NetVault product was originally a product developed by AT&T for internal use.
1992: AT&T contracted UK company Willow Ltd to provide tape library support. At that time, NetVault Backup was at version 2.0. Willow Ltd added Tape Library management, a Graphical User Interface and heterogeneous platform support.
1996: AT&T spun off the NetVault product into a separate private company, CommVault, through a management buyout. At the time, CommVault's Galaxy product was primarily an optical archiving product and used some of NetVault's tape library support within it. CommVault and Willow Ltd could not agree the term for the buyout of NetVault. They eventually agreed a deal whereby CommVault would no longer be committed to the development contract with Willow Ltd. CommVault would have the right to license the NetVault media/device manager and Willow Ltd would have full ownership of the NetVault source code.
1997: The re-architecture of the product that was to be NetVault 6 was started by Fabrice Helliker and his team. It had some unique features, including common Graphical User Interface between Windows, UNIX and Linux; support for shared tape libraries on SANs; built-in VTL support; and a plug-in architecture for extending protection to applications and devices.
1998: NetVault K.K. in Japan was created by BakBone co-founders Tony Cerqueira and Pat Barcus. The Willow Ltd. was renamed to NetVault Ltd.
1999: The development of NetVault 6 core product was complete and was released at the end of the year.
2000: BakBone Software bought NetVault Ltd. through a reverse merger by BakBone co-founders Tony Cerqueira and Pat Barcus.
2000: BakBone Software introduced NetVault 6.03, which supported the Network Data Management Protocol (NDMP) on NetApp filers.
2003: BakBone Software released NetVault 7, which added user-level access and a reporting infrastructure.
2006: The core team that designed NetVault 6 left BakBone to form Cofio Software.
2009: BakBone Software acquired the continuous data protection (CDP) technology from Asempra Technologies. It was rebranded NetVault FastRecover.
2011: Quest Software completed the acquisition of BakBone Software and made the NetVault product line the core component of their data protection strategy.
2012: Dell completed its acquisition of Quest Software, and added it to the Dell Software Group. The NetVault product line was now a part of Dell Software's "Systems Management" strategic area.
2014: Dell releases NetVault Backup 10.0, with a Web-based user interface and a new back-end database.
2016: Dell sells the Dell Software Group to Francisco Partners and Elliott Management Corporation, and it is branded 'Quest', reusing the brand from which Dell acquired most of its software assets.
See also
List of backup software
References
External links
NetVault Backup Product Page
NetVault Backup Release Notes, Compatibility Guides, and Users Guides
NetVault Bare Metal Recovery
Backup software
Storage software
Lafayette County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 7,645, making it the third-least populous county in Arkansas. The county seat is Lewisville. Lafayette County was formed on October 15, 1827, and named in honor of the Marquis de Lafayette, a French military hero of the American Revolutionary War. It is a dry county; therefore, the sale of alcohol is prohibited.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (3.1%) is water. It is the smallest county in Arkansas by area.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 82
Highway 29
Highway 53
Highway 160
Adjacent counties
Hempstead County (north)
Nevada County (northeast)
Columbia County (east)
Webster Parish, Louisiana (southeast)
Bossier Parish, Louisiana (south)
Caddo Parish, Louisiana (southwest)
Miller County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 6,308 people, 2,784 households, and 1,801 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States Census, there were 8,559 people, 3,434 households, and 2,376 families residing in the county. The population density was 16 people per square mile (6/km2). There were 4,560 housing units at an average density of 9 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 62.08% White, 36.49% Black or African American, 0.37% Native American, 0.22% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.20% from other races, and 0.63% from two or more races. 1.03% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,434 households, out of which 27.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.60% were married couples living together, 14.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.80% were non-families. 28.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.00.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.40% under the age of 18, 8.10% from 18 to 24, 24.40% from 25 to 44, 24.40% from 45 to 64, and 17.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $24,831, and the median income for a family was $30,720. Males had a median income of $26,492 versus $17,000 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,128. About 18.70% of families and 23.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 31.50% of those under age 18 and 19.30% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Prior to 2000, Lafayette County was considered an "ancestral" Democratic county among white conservatives. Exceptions were the 1972 and 1984 landslides of Republicans Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan, respectively.
Former Governor Bill Clinton of Arkansas, considered a son of the South, won this county twice in his presidential runs: 1992 and 1996. Clinton's vice president, Al Gore of Tennessee, another son of the South, won the county in 2000, the most recent Democrat to do so. Most of the minority of African-American voters have been affiliated since the 1960s with the national Democratic Party, even as conservative whites here shifted to the Republican Party.
Communities
Towns
Bradley
Buckner
Lewisville (county seat)
Stamps
Townships
Baker (most Stamps)
French
Hadley (Buckner, small part of Stamps)
La Grange (small part of Lewisville)
Mars Hill
Roane (Bradley)
Russell
Steel (most of Lewisville)
Walker Creek
Source:
Education
There are two school districts in the county: Lafayette County School District and the Emerson-Taylor-Bradley School District. Previously the Bradley School District was the second district; it merged into Emerson-Taylor-Bradley in 2013.
See also
Honors and memorials to the Marquis de Lafayette
List of counties in Arkansas
List of lakes in Lafayette County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lafayette County, Arkansas
References
External links
1827 establishments in Arkansas Territory
Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de Lafayette
Populated places established in 1827
James Leigh Strachan-Davidson (born Strachan; 22 October 1843 – 28 March 1916) was an English classical scholar, academic administrator, translator, and author of books on Roman history. He was Master of Balliol College, Oxford from 1907 until his death in 1916.
Early life
James Leigh Strachan was born in Byfleet, Surrey, southern England, to James Strachan, a Scottish merchant, and Mary Anne Richardson. He was the eldest among three brothers and had a half-sister from his father's first marriage. His mother died while they were still children and his father remarried. In 1861, he and his father took the surname of Davidson when the family inherited a small estate in Ardgaith, Perthshire.
Education and career
Strachan-Davidson was enrolled at Leamington College at the age of eleven as day-boy. Though not considered to be a robust boy, he played cricket well enough to be a part of the college team. In 1862, he enrolled as a Warner Exhibitioner in Balliol College, Oxford, where he studied the classics. He won the Jenkyns Exhibition in the college in 1864 and was appointed as a Fellow of the college in 1866 after his finals. He graduated from Oxford with first-class honours in both Classical Moderations (1864) and Literae Humaniores (1866). He actively participated in the Oxford Union, held the posts of Secretary and Librarian, and was appointed as the President of the society in 1867.
He was appointed as the Classical tutor at Balliol College in 1872 and mainly lectured in the field of Roman history. He became the Senior Dean of the college in 1875, who was also the president of the college's Common Room, and Acting Head in the Master's absence. He was elected to the chairmanship of the Board of Faculty of Arts in 1893. He received the honorary degree of Doctor of Civil Law (DCL) from the University of Oxford for his contributions to the study of Roman criminal law. Upon Edward Caird's resignation due to poor health, he was unanimously elected as the Master of Balliol College, in 1907; a position he held until his death in 1916.
In 1899, he was appointed by the Colonial Secretary Joseph Chamberlain, to a committee considering the position of students holding UK scholarships granted by colonial governments. Lord Cromer consulted him about teaching Arabic to men appointed to the Egyptian and Sudanese civil service in 1903–04.
Political views
Over the course of his many debates as part of the Oxford Union, he spoke in favour of the Confederate States in the American Civil War, Bismarck's policies, and the end of Turkish rule in Europe. He also consistently supported women's suffrage, and advocated that "international morality demanded that England relinquish India." He also spoke against Lord Palmerston's policy of non-intervention in the Schleswig-Holstein question. He was firmly liberal on the matter of education and University reform and espoused the importance of character and attainments over party adherence for University representatives.
He was consulted extensively by the Civil Service Commissioners during the reformation of the entrance examination of the Indian Civil Service. He believed that the mental and moral discipline, wide view and grasp of fundamentals granted by the study of Literae Humaniores was crucial to the Service and drew up a memorandum to that effect, for its Royal Commission in June 1913.
Personal life
Strachan-Davidson was devoted to his work at Balliol College and never married. He believed that the college should be as "wife and children" to a fellow of the college. He was a friend of the English author Paul Ferdinand Willert and was godfather to his daughter, Dorothy. He was also close to his family doctor Robert Slack whose daughter Mary was his godchild. He had another goddaughter, Margaret Bowlby, daughter of Henry Bowlby of Lancing College. His closest friend was his contemporary, the English classical scholar Evelyn Abbott, with whom he spent most of his vacations.
Death and legacy
Strachan-Davidson died on 28 March 1916 due to cerebral hemorrhage caused by atherosclerosis and was buried in Holywell Cemetery in Oxford. A bronze tablet was placed in Balliol Chapel in his commemoration.
He had acquired around 1500 to 1600 Greek and Roman coins during his many visits to Egypt, Italy, and Sicily. They mainly dated to the Macedonian, Ptolemaic, and Imperial Roman periods. This collection was bequeathed to Balliol College upon his death, and then given to Ashmolean Museum as per his wishes.
Selected works
Books
Selections from Polybius (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1888)
Cicero and the Fall of the Roman Republic (New York: Putnam, 1894)
Appian's Civil Wars, Book I (Oxford: Clarendon, 1902)
Problems of the Roman Criminal Law, 2 vols. (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1912)
Articles
"The Growth of Plebeian Privilege at Rome", The English Historical Review, Vol. 1, No. 2 (1886)
"The Decrees of the Roman Plebs", The English Historical Review, Vol. 5, No. 19 (1890)
"Mommsen's Roman Criminal Law", The English Historical Review, Vol. 16, No. 62 (1901)
"Ancient Imperialism – II. Roman Republic", The Classical Review, Vol. 24, No. 4 (1910)
References
Sources
1843 births
1916 deaths
English classical scholars
English translators
Alumni of Balliol College, Oxford
Masters of Balliol College, Oxford
English male non-fiction writers
19th-century British translators
19th-century English male writers
Presidents of the Oxford Union
Applegate Lake is a reservoir located in the Rogue River–Siskiyou National Forest about southwest of Medford in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is south of Oregon Route 238 along Applegate River Road and slightly north of the Oregon–California border. The lake is an impoundment of the Applegate River about from its confluence with the Rogue River.
History
The United States Congress authorized construction of the Applegate Dam in 1962 as part of a flood-control project. In 1976, the Corps of Engineers began work on the dam, which was finished in 1980 at a final cost of $96 million dollars. In addition to controlling floods, the dam was intended to store water for irrigation and recreation.
Applegate Dam, long and high, created a lake stretching upstream. As the reservoir filled with water, it inundated the remnants of Copper, a community that had once had a post office and a few buildings. Since then, when water levels in the lake fall sufficiently, the highway that formerly ended at Copper reappears at the south (upstream) end of the lake and serves as the lower end of a boat ramp. Over 5,000 ounces of gold were recovered in the final two years of construction and proceeds were split between the federal government and two engineering firms involved.
Applegate Lake holds up to of water. It and Lost Creek Lake, on the main stem of the Rogue River, are the only large multi-purpose Corps of Engineers reservoirs in the Rogue River basin.
The lake, the dam, and other entities in this region were named for Lindsay Applegate. In 1848, he led a party of settlers through the Rogue River Valley on the way to mines in California.
Recreation
Applegate Lake has large populations of trout, landlocked Chinook salmon, smallmouth bass, largemouth bass, and crappie. It is stocked each year with about 120,000 rainbow trout and about 50,000 young Chinook. Ramps, including two that are open year-round, provide access for boats. About of trails circle the reservoir.
The United States Forest Service maintains campgrounds as well as places along the shore for fishing, picnicking, and swimming as well as boating. Mountain biking is allowed on one of the trails, and horses are allowed on three.
See also
List of lakes in Oregon
References
Reservoirs in Oregon
Rogue River (Oregon)
Lakes of Jackson County, Oregon
Rogue River-Siskiyou National Forest
Protected areas of Jackson County, Oregon
Dams in Oregon
Buildings and structures in Jackson County, Oregon
United States Army Corps of Engineers dams
Dams completed in 1980
1980 establishments in Oregon
The women's heptathlon event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney, Australia, at International Athletic Centre on 23 and 24 August.
Medalists
Results
Final
23/24 August
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 13 athletes from 8 countries participated in the event.
References
Heptathlon
Combined events at the World Athletics U20 Championships
J. Emory D. Shaw (1863 – June 10, 1943) was an American musician, educator, and academic administrator. He served as the musical director of Wilson College, president of Kee Mar College, and director of fine arts at Southwestern University.
Early life and education
J. Emory Shaw was born in Baltimore in 1863. He began to study the piano at the age of 15, and at 19 he took up vocal instruction for which he had the strongest predilection. At his parents' request, he continued studying piano and theory. Shaw received private instruction at home and abroad.
Career
Shaw relocated to Richmond, Virginia. There, he became director of the Philharmonic Orchestra and Southern Women's College. Later, he became musical director of Wilson College. Shaw retired as musical director in 1905. He served as organist of the Falling Spring Presbyterian Church from 1895 to 1905. In 1906, Shaw became president of Kee Mar College. By November 1906, he reported issues with nervous prostration. Shaw resigned in April 1907 due to his health issues. Shaw was the headmaster and teacher of voice and organ in the Paris Texas School of Singing and Organ Instruction. In 1912, Shaw became director of fine arts at Southwestern University. He was also the director of the choir of the First Methodist church in Georgetown, Texas. Shaw was a vocalist specialized in voice culture, conductor, and organist. He was experienced in orchestra and the art of instrumentation. For a short time, Shaw was a baritone of the Boston Ideal Opera Company. He produced an opera that was well received by the press and public. While Shaw has written a number of songs and sacred pieces, he devoted most of his time to composing larger instrumental forms.
In 1935, Shaw received an honorary Ll.D. from Trinity University in recognition of his service to his field.
Personal life
Shaw's first wife was a noted vocalist. He was married to Mrs. Ralph Mason of La Porte, and E. Winfred Shaw of Cleveland Ohio. Shaw and Mason had 2 children. Shaw died the morning of June 10, 1943.
References
1863 births
1943 deaths
Musicians from Baltimore
Musicians from Richmond, Virginia
19th-century American composers
20th-century American composers
American male composers
American music educators
American academic administrators
Heads of universities and colleges in the United States
American organists
American baritones
19th-century American male opera singers
20th-century American male opera singers
Singers from Maryland
Singers from Virginia
Wilson College (Pennsylvania) faculty
Southwestern University people
19th-century American educators
20th-century American educators
Sivananda Radha Saraswati (March 20, 1911 – November 30, 1995), born Sylvia Demitz, was a German yogini who emigrated to Canada and founded Yasodhara Ashram in British Columbia. She established a Western-based lineage in the Sivananda tradition and published books on several branches of Yoga, including Kundalini Yoga for the West and Mantras; Words of Power. She was a member of the California Institute of Transpersonal Psychology and developed transpersonal psychology workshops to help students prepare for intense spiritual practice. Teachers trained at Yasodhara Ashram can now be found across North America and in Europe, the Caribbean, Japan, Australia and New Zealand.
Biography
Early life
Sivananda Radha (born as Sylvia Demitz, and during her marriage known as Ursula Sylvia Hellman) was born in Germany on March 20, 1911. She became a creative writer, photographer and a solo concert dancer early in life. She lived through both wars in Berlin but learned from her experiences that life can be cruel and came to question the existence of God.
Her first marriage ended when her husband, Wolfgang, was executed at Buchenwald for helping Jewish friends leave Germany. She married again in 1947. Albert Hellman was a composer and violinist, but he died after one year of marriage. She also lost both parents in the war. "Thoroughly sick at heart with the brutality and stupidity of the world", she survived and, in 1951, emigrated to Canada settling in Montreal, finding work in the advertising department of a chemical firm, and becoming a Canadian citizen.
Spiritual life
A search for the meaning of life through yoga and meditation took her to India to Sivananda Saraswati of Rishikesh.
Sivananda challenged her to think deeply about the purpose of life. ‘He used every moment to teach you something'. His commitment to selfless service made a deep impression on her and Karma Yoga became a key practice in her own life and subsequently in the running of her Ashram. She was initiated into sanyas and given the name Sivananda Radha Saraswati on 2 February 1956. In her publications she described extraordinary events that followed her initiation: she writes that she met the legendary yogi Babaji, the deathless avatar described by Paramahansa Yogananda in Autobiography of a Yogi, the first time in a visionary experience in Montreal.
Upon return to Canada, interpreting her initiation into sanyas as a commitment to abstain "from all actions which arise from ambition and selfish desire … giving up mental and emotional attachment to life in this world" she began a new life in Montreal with no money or employment, learning to live on the charity of others. However, she quickly attracted attention in her orange sari, with her unconventional life-style, and through her willingness to speak publicly about her experiences in India. Within a few months, she was offering yoga classes, had been interviewed on CBC radio, travelled to Ottawa to speak, and been sponsored by the Canadian-India Association to fly to Vancouver to lecture on Indian philosophy.
Within a year, in 1957, in Burnaby, British Columbia, she founded Sivananda Ashram, in an old ten-roomed house, where she offered classes, meditation and satsangs. She also opened the Yoga Vedanta Bookstore on Robson Street in downtown Vancouver. In 1963, the Ashram moved to its present location and was renamed Yasodhara Ashram. Sivananda Radha also gave sanyas initiations to the young men who accompanied her and worked with her to establish the Ashram, beginning a new, Western based lineage, honouring the traditions of the Saraswati Order.
For many years she focussed on establishing the Ashram, making forest cabins habitable, constructing new buildings, corresponding with students, establishing yoga teaching programs and publishing a newsletter to raise funds and draw people to the Ashram. ‘In the early years of the Ashram … traveling … was necessary to give workshops and lectures to “put the ashram on the map” as she called it.' She visited England, the Netherlands and Germany, and frequently toured throughout North America. She lectured in many North American universities and, in 1976, co-led a conference with Herbert Guenther at Yasodhara Ashram on the role of gurus in the West. At a time when understanding of the relationships between Yoga, science and psychology were in their infancy, Radha took an active interest. In Minneapolis, she participated in biofeedback experiments with Dr. Jose Feola, exploring the nature of the effects of spiritual practices, and she contributed to Scientific Conferences, such as the Council Grove Conference in Kansas. Discovering the need for students to deal with their psychological and emotional obstacles before embarking on intense spiritual practice, she also embraced transpersonal psychology, becoming a faculty member and graduate teacher at California Institute of Transpersonal Psychology, and developing a course on ‘Psychology towards Higher Consciousness' that she taught at Antioch College, Seattle.
In the 1980s and early 1990s her organizational legacy took shape. Sivananda Radha opened yoga centres in North America, Mexico and England where classes and satsangs were offered by teachers trained at Yasodhara Ashram. A Temple, dedicated to the Light in All Religions, was opened at her Ashram in 1992. She died peacefully at her teaching centre in Spokane, in Washington State, in the early morning, 30 November 1995.
Her teaching
Sivananda Radha's aim was to interpret the ancient yogic teachings of the East so that they could be understood and applied in the West. She presented yoga as a philosophical and spiritual system in a way that accessible to anyone willing to make a commitment to their own development. She welcomed students from all cultures and spiritual traditions and helped people discover the purpose of their lives. Her teachings integrate yoga practices with personal development. They include personal exploration workshops developed by Sivananda Radha – Life Seal, Straight Walk, Ideals, Two Selves and Identification. Self-inquiry and reflection are foundations, with questions such as: 'Who am I?' 'What is life all about?' 'What makes my life worthwhile?' 'How do I prepare for the rest of my life?' <ref>M. Robinson, ‘Seekers after Truth: Knowledge Goal of Kootenay Bay Retreat', Vancouver Sun (Dec 31, 1965); Radhananda, Carried by a Promise'' (Spokane, WA, 2011), 31-2, 35-6, 42-3.</ref> In 1988 in an interview with Hinduism Today Magazine, Sivananda Radha explained, ‘The main thing I try to do is have my students bring quality into their lives. To me, people are not spiritual if this quality is not there in their lives - even if they meditate six hours a day. By quality I mean that which comes from deep inside and shows up in their actions, their treatment of others and the way they do their jobs.'
For over 40 years, in addition to many shorter workshops and other programs, the Ashram has been offering an intensive three-month program called the Yoga Development Course (YDC). This introduces students to the major branches of yoga and provides a foundation in personal and spiritual development for potential yoga teachers and anyone wishing to deepen their yoga practice or change their lives. A program of study under the personal direction of one of the Ashram's resident teachers is subsequently completed before students progress to teacher certification courses in Hidden Language Hatha Yoga, Kundalini and Dream Yoga. Teachers are required to renew their certification frequently and are encouraged to donate the proceeds from classes so that the Teachings can be offered as a form of Karma Yoga practice. Sivananda Radha's teachers can now be found offering classes in communities, across North America, in Europe, the Caribbean, Japan, Australia and New Zealand.
Legacy
Sivananda Radha was among the prominent disciples of Sivananda who developed new organizations that are not affiliated to the original ashrams run by the Divine Life Society. Radha established an independent and primarily female, Western lineage as part of the Saraswati Order. This is now led by Radhananda Saraswati, spiritual director of Yasodhara Ashram. She initiates aspirants and has oversight of the work of non-profit organizations supporting teachers in different countries. Radhananda has described her spiritual training at the feet of Sivananda Radha in her memoir, Carried by a Promise: a Life Transformed by Yoga.
Sivananda Radha formed the Timeless Books imprint in 1978 and wrote many books of yoga, including Kundalini Yoga for the West, Hatha Yoga: The Hidden Language, The Divine Light Invocation and Mantras: Words of Power. Her memoirs are published in Radha: Diary of a Woman's Search and her experiences with gurus and other spiritual teachers are reported in In the Company of the Wise. Her books have been translated into 5 languages.
Works
From the Mating Dance to the Cosmic Dance, (Spokane, WA, 1992)
"Guru-Disciple Relationship", Lifetime Magazine (March 1992)
Hatha Yoga the Hidden Language (Spokane, WA, 1987, 1995, 2006)
"Heart" in Kundalini Rising, by Gurmukh Kaur Khalsa, Ken Wilber, Swami Radha, Gopi Krishna (2009)
In the Company of the Wise (Spokane, WA, 1991, 2011)
Kundalini Yoga for the West (Spokane, WA, 1978, 2011)
Light and Vibration: Mysticism and the Culmination of Yoga (Spokane, WA, 2007)
Mantras: Words of Power (Spokane, WA, 1980, 1994, 2005)
"On Meditation", in ed., N. Armstrong, Harvest of Light (London, 1976)
On Sanyas: the Yoga of Renunciation (Spokane, WA, 2010)
Radha: Diary of a Woman"s Search (Spokane, WA, 1981, 2002, 2011)
Realities of the Dreaming Mind: The Practice of Dream Yoga (Spokane, WA, 1994, 1996, 2004)
Seeds of Light (Spokane, WA, 1985, 1991)
"The Dance of Life", Yoga Centre of Victoria (September, 1983)
The Devi of Speech: the goddess in kundalini yoga (Spokane, WA, 2005)
The Divine Light Invocation (Spokane, WA, 2006)
"The Last Message", Yoga Centre of Victoria (December 1995 - January 1996)
"The Search for Union", in ed., S. Miners, A Spiritual Approach to Male/Female Relations (IL, 1984)
The Yoga of Healing (Spokane, WA, 2006)
Time to be Holy: Collected Satsang Talks (Spokane, WA, 1996, 2010)
When you first called me Radha (Spokane, WA, 2005)
"Women and Spirituality: First Steps to the Spiritual Life", in ed., T. King, The Spiral Path: Explorations in Women"s Spirituality (St Paul, MN, 1992)
"Women"s Place in Today"s World", in ed., S. Grof, Ancient Wisdom and Modern Science (New York, 1984)
References
Further reading
Curtis, L., "Column", The Albertan (June 8, 1968)
Chusid, S., "Meditation Leads Woman To Gamble On Her Future", Winnipeg Press (1968)
Durgananda, S., Durga's Embrace: A Disciple's Diary (Spokane, Washington, 2006)
Fields, R., "In Memoriam, Swami Sivananda Radha", Yoga Journal (April 1996)
Feuerstein, G., The Path of Yoga: an Essential Guide to its Principles and Practices (2011)
Feuerstein, G., The Shambhala Encyclopedia of Yoga and Tantra (Boston and London, 1997, 2011)
Gregory, L., "Om free", Canadian Geographic, Travel Special Issue, (Winter 2007-8)
Kennet, J., S. Radha, R. Frage, "How to be a Transpersonal Teacher without Becoming a Guru". Journal of Transpersonal Psychology, Vol. 7:1 (1975)
Krishnananda, S., Gurudev Sivananda: Pictorial Volume (Tehri-Garhwal, Uttar Pradesh, India, 1987)
May, A., "In Quest of a Slim Waist", Psychic (Jan/Feb 1977)
May, A., "Profile: Swami Sivananda Radha, the Feminine Mystic", Psychic (Jan/Feb 1977)
McKay, J., Glimpses of a Mystical Affair: Spiritual Experience of Swami Sivananda Radha (Spokane, Washington, 1997)
McKay, J., "Swami Sivananda Radha: On Spiritual Leadership". The Quest Magazine (Summer 1993)
Paul, R., "Portrait of Swami Radha", Yoga Journal (October 1981)
Radhananda, S., Carried by a Promise: A Life Transformed by Yoga (Spokane, Washington, 2011)
Rawlinson, A., The Book of Enlightened Masters: Western Teachers in Eastern Traditions (Chicago and La Salle, Illinois, 1997)
Robinson, M., "Seekers after Truth: Knowledge Goal of Kootenay Bay Retreat", Vancouver Sun (Dec 31, 1965)
Sivananda, S., "Farewell to Swami Sivananda Radha", Yoga Centre of Victoria (December 1995-January 1996)
White, J. "An Interview with Swami Sivananda Radha: Portrait of a Yogini: A Woman's Experience of the Spiritual Life", Science of Mind (September 1985)
Yogananda, P. Autobiography of a Yogi'' (New York, 1946)
External links
Ascent magazine
The Divine Life Society, our Heritage, Swami Sivananda Radha
Friends of Radha Foundation (Canada)
Radha House Association (England and Wales)
Swami Radha's blog at Timeless Books
Yasodhara Ashram
Yoga Journal, Luminaries, 'Swami Radha', Jeanne Ricci
1911 births
1995 deaths
German yogis
German emigrants to Canada
Yoga teachers
"I've Found Someone of My Own" is a song written by Frank F. Robinson and performed by The Free Movement. It was produced by Joe Porter, arranged by Jimmie Haskell and Michael Omartian, and was featured on the band's 1972 album, I've Found Someone of My Own.
It reached #5 on the Billboard Hot 100, #7 on the US adult contemporary chart, and #20 on the US R&B chart in 1971.
The single ranked #27 on the Billboard Year-End Hot 100 singles of 1971.
Chart history
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Other charting versions
Cal Smith, as a single in 1972, which reached #4 on the US country chart and #13 on the Canadian country chart.
Other versions
Ray Conniff and The Singers, on their 1971 album, I'd Like to Teach the World to Sing.
Frankie Ford, as the B-side to his 1976 single "Battle Hymn of the Republic". It was featured on his 1976 album, Frankie Ford.
Mel Street, on his 1972 album, Borrowed Angel.
References
External links
1971 songs
1971 singles
1972 singles
The Free Movement songs
Cal Smith songs
Decca Records singles
Songs about infidelity
Bárbara Maix (27 June 1818 – 17 March 1873) was an Austrian Roman Catholic professed religious who established the Sisters of the Immaculate Heart of Mary and assumed the new religious name of "Maria Bárbara of the Holy Trinity". Maix dedicated her life and service to the adequate treatment of the poor and ill with an added emphasis on the recognition of female dignities.
Maix's death in 1873 prompted calls for her beatification which commenced in 1993 and culminated in her beatification that was celebrated on 6 November 2010 in Brazil where she worked. Archbishop Lorenzo Baldisseri presided over the celebration on the behalf of Pope Benedict XVI.
Life
Bárbara Maix was born in Vienna on 27 June 1818 to Joseph Maix and Rosália Mauritz; one of her sisters was Maria. Several siblings died in their childhood which left four other sisters and Maix. Her father served as a chamberlain to Archduke Franz Karl of Austria in the Schönbrunn Palace. In her childhood - even further into adulthood - she suffered from a series of heart ailments in addition to asthma. In her adolescence she worked as a kitchen hand and as a maid at the Schönbrunn Palace in the capital. It was around this time at the age of fifteen that both her parents died.
At the age of 18 she and her sister Maria left the place the pair resided in and opened a home for those who needed assistance which included the poor population of Vienna. It was at this time she wrote a rule of life that sought to promote the dignities of females and it was this that inspired her to establish a Marian order for women to that effect.
Maix established her new Marian order in Vienna in 1843 but desired the blessing of the Supreme Pontiff for his formal approval. She travelled to Rome for a scheduled audience with Pope Gregory XVI but the pontiff died on 1 June 1846 - a day before the two were to meet. Maix did not remain in Rome following this and nor did she attempt to have an audience with the new Pope Pius IX. During the Revolutions of 1848 she and her 21 companions were expelled from the state and made the decision to establish their order in North America. However, as the group awaited their ship in Hamburg Maix made the sudden decision to go to Brazil. She and her companions arrived in Rio de Janeiro on 9 November 1848 and founded their Mother-House at Porto Alegre on 8 May 1849.
At the request of the Bishop of Rio de Janeiro Manoel de Monte Rodrigues de Araujo she entered the Conceptionist Sisters for six months before leaving. She prepared for her vows and religious vesting alongside 22 others on 8 May 1849 and assumed a new religious name; this marked the formal establishment of her order in Brazil. The congregation welcomed the poor and the ill as well as women and abandoned people. On 31 December 1870 she departed for Rio de Janeiro from Porto Alegre to assist at a school for orphan girls.
Maix fell ill following Mass on 7 March 1873. She died on 17 March 1873 in her armchair with a slight smile on her face. Her remains were relocated in 1957 and are now at the Chapel of São Raphael in Porto Alegre. Her institute now operates across South America in places like Bolivia and expanded in other places like Haiti and Italy.
Beatification
The beatification process commenced after the transfer of the competent forum that would undertake the cause from Rio de Janeiro to Porto Alegre on 15 May 1992. Following this the Congregation for the Causes of Saints issued the official "nihil obstat" (nothing against) to the cause on 2 February 1993 under Pope John Paul II and proclaimed her to be a Servant of God.
The diocesan process spanned from 19 June 1993 and concluded its work on 29 November 1996. It was ratified on 24 April 1998 and allowed for the postulation to compile the Positio and submit it to the C.C.S. in 2003 for their own assessment. Historians were called to assess the cause and determine if it could proceed without historical obstacles and approved the cause to continue to the next stage on 29 April 2003. Theologians approved the cause on 19 October 2007 and the C.C.S. followed suit on 1 April 2008.
Maix was declared to be Venerable on 3 July 2008 after Pope Benedict XVI confirmed that she had lived a model Christian life of heroic virtue.
The miracle required for her beatification was investigated in the diocese of its origin and was ratified as a valid process on 6 October 2000. The Rome-based medical board approved it on 13 November 2008 while consulting theologians cleared it on 22 April 2009. The C.C.S. gave their approval on 12 January 2010 before passing it onto the pope for his own papal approval on 27 March 2010.
Lorenzo Baldisseri presided over the beatification on 6 November 2010 in Porto Alegre on the behalf of Benedict XVI.
The current postulator assigned to the cause is Gentila Richetti.
References
External links
Hagiography Circle
Sisters of the Immaculate Heart of Mary
Saints SQPN
1818 births
1873 deaths
19th-century venerated Christians
19th-century Austrian people
Austrian beatified people
Beatifications by Pope Benedict XVI
Brazilian beatified people
Founders of Catholic religious communities
Austrian emigrants to Brazil
Venerated Catholics by Pope Benedict XVI
Bailamos may refer to:
"Bailamos" (Enrique Iglesias song), a 1999 song by Enrique Iglesias
"Bailamos", a 2006 song by Fergie, written for the film Poseidon
Lieutenant Colonel James M. Cushing (circa 1910 – August 26, 1963) was a mining engineer in US Army who commanded the Philippine resistance against Japan on Cebu Island in the Philippines during World War II.
Early life
James McCloud Cushing was born at Guadalajara, Mexico, about 1910 to Canadian-born U.S. citizen George Cushing (1856-1925) and Mexican citizen Simona (De Navares) Cushing (1895-1981). George was a managing director of the Canada Mexico Trading Company. In 1920, the family was living in El Paso, Texas, and ten year-old "Jimmie's" native tongue was listed as Spanish.
Military
Cushing's forces in the Cebu Area Command numbered about 8,500. In early 1944, he was instrumental in the Koga affair in which the Z Plan of the Imperial Japanese Navy was recovered by his guerrillas. Cushing traded Japanese admiral Shigeru Fukudome and other survivors of a plane crash (but not the captured Z Plan) for the assurance that Japanese forces on Cebu would stop murdering civilians; a promise which the Japanese kept. In 1945, he was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross.
Post war
Cushing survived the war and continued living in the Philippines. On August 26, 1963, he and his wife Wilfreda Alao (Sabando) Cushing were on an inter-island transport en route to Mindoro Island from where they lived at TayTay, Palawan Island, when he succumbed to a heart attack. He was 53 years old. Colonel Cushing was interred in Libingan ng mga Bayani (Heroes' Cemetery) in Manila.
See also
List of American guerrillas in the Philippines
Battle of the Visayas
The Rescue: A True Story of Courage and Survival in World War II, Steven Trent Smith, Hoboken:John Wiley & Sons, (2001)
TABUNAN: The Untold Story of the Famed Cebu Guerillas of World War II, Col. Manuel F. Segura, excerpts hosted by the Cebu Eskrima Society
References
1910s births
1963 deaths
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Cross (United States)
United States Army colonels
United States Army personnel of World War II
American guerrillas of World War II
Place of birth missing
Burials at the Libingan ng mga Bayani
S. L. Shakdher (1918–2002) was a Chief Election Commissioner of India and former Secretary-General of 3rd Lok Sabha, 4th Lok Sabha and 5th Lok Sabha (Lower House of Parliament of India). He was Chief Election Commissioner from 1977 to 1982. He hailed from Jammu and Kashmir. He died in 2002. He was an Expert on Constitution matters and Parliamentary proceeding, he made significant contribution to adaptation and changes in Parliamentary procedures for efficient functioning of Lok Sabha. He has rich knowledge and wide experience in Parliamentary matters is symbolised by his treatise on Practice and Procedure of Parliament, co-authored with Subhash Kashyap, and other publications.
Positions held
Secretary, Lok Sabha, 1964–73
Secretary-General, Lok Sabha, 1973–77
Secretary-General of the Indian Parliamentary Group
References
Kashyap, Subhash C. (1989) The Office of the Secretary-General – Monograph Series (New Delhi: Lok Sabha Sectt., pp. (25–26)
People from Jammu and Kashmir
Indian civil servants
Chief Election Commissioners of India
2002 deaths
Secretaries General of the Lok Sabha
1918 births
Dzyatlava District () is a district (rajon) in Grodno Region of Belarus.
The administrative center is Dzyatlava.
Notable residents
Viačasłaŭ Adamčyk (1933, Varakomščyna village – 2001), Belarusian journalist, writer, playwright and screenwriter
References
Districts of Grodno Region
Vayvay, Şereflikoçhisar is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
GB-PVR was a PVR (personal video recorder aka digital video recorder) application, running on Microsoft Windows, whose main function was scheduling TV recordings and playing back live TV. GB-PVR is no longer under active development and has been superseded by NextPVR, also known as nPVR.
GB-PVR also acts as a home media center software with a digital video recorder, a radio station online tuner, a music and movie player, a library of images and other features.
Although GB-PVR supports open interfaces, the core engine code is closed. However developing personal plug-ins is an option to extend the application and these can be closed or open source, depending on the developer's interests. These plug-ins can be developed in C#, VB.NET or C++ and some examples are available in the GB-PVR official Forums and the GB-PVR Documentation wiki websites. The softwarewas developed with an interface which allows user to change the skin view or other graphic elements as the wallpaper.
GB-PVR is mostly an MPEG recording and playback system, but may also play other non-MPG content such as AVI (DivX/Xvid), WMV, and other formats that are supported by the codecs installed into a computer's.
It requires a supported TV tuner card, a VMR9 capable display adapter (video card), and a supported MPEG2 Decoder. Other requirements are listed on the GB-PVR web site.
Features
Integrated graphical user interface to manage all functionality
10-foot user interface for large screen displays
TV Guide for scheduling of recordings
Support for season recordings
Support for automatically converting recordings to DivX/Xvid/WMV/iPod etc.
Support for manual recordings on a specified channel at a specified time
Timeshift television allowing for pausing live TV etc.
Multidec support enabling the use of a wide range of softcams and other DVB plugins.
Teletext
DVB Subtitles
Support for recording multiple digital channels at the same time with 1 tuner card when channels are on the same frequency
SRT Subtitles
Access to music, videos and photos inside the computer.
Net radio
FM radio
Support for HDTV
Multi-lingual support, with language packs available for many languages.
NextPVR
NextPVR is the successor of GB-PVR 1.4.7 (August 29, 2009), and includes most features of GB-PVR, and others. it was at revision 5.1.0.
Supported capture cards
Capture or tuner cards are devices that allows a computer to record video signal, receive television signal and playback video. Some examples of capture cards are:
Analog TV cards
These capture cards are the most popular as they allow receiving television signals with a computer, moreover some of them also act as video capture, recording television programs in the computer. Some examples are:
Hauppauge
Adaptec
ATI
AVerMedia
Conexant
and more...
Digital TV cards
Depending on the type of device these cards can allow tuning the reception of digital signals as DVB-T and DVB-S, ATSC HDTV or QAM HDTV signals. These devices also can include BDA drivers. Some examples are listed below:
DVB-T AND DVB-S DEVICES
Hauppauge
Fusion HDTV
ATI HDTV
Kworld
and more...
ATSC HDTV DEVICES
Fusion HDTV
Hauppauge
AverMedia
SiliconDust
QAM HDTV DEVICES
OnAir GT
SiliconDust HDHomeRun
Hauppauge HVR-1600
Hauppauge HVR-1800
GO7007SB BASED DEVICES
Generic Conexant “Blackbird” based card
Plextor PX-M402U, PX-TV402U
Lifeview TV Walker
Remote control
IR or RF signal transmitters and receivers are used for GB-PVR remote control. Software makes the interpretation of the signals. With few buttons the user can interact with GB-PVR. Some manufacturers have developed remotes for remote PC wakes up.
Playback
Playback of many video formats, MPEG, AVI, DivX, Xvid, TS, etc.
Extensible playback mechanism allowing additional file types to be added with correct codecs installed
Automatic aspect ratio control
DVD playback from either DVD drive or DVD image on hard disk.
Supports VMR9/VMR7/Overlay video renderers
VMR9 full screen Exclusive mode
Music visualizations.
Plug-ins
Plug-in DLLs go in the gbpvr/plugins directory, and plug-in skins in the skin directory. Usually plug-ins are distributed as zip files, and can be extracted to the gbpvr root directory. When there is a skin which is not available in the plug-ins zip file, it has to be copied into the current skin directory.
Some plug-ins may be configured in the GB-PVR configuration tool, but most of them are configured by editing the plugins Manual/ Skin (skin.xml)
Available in version 1.3.7 (current version 1.3.11 to be confirmed)
AnimeLibrary (Collection of Anime episodes, images...)
BurnDVDX2 (DVD creator from MPGs)
Cinema (Shows information of our local cinemas, time, films...)
DVB-TRadio (Pluggin for playing DVB-T Radio channels)
GameZone (Front-end for multiple emulators)
GraphRecorder (Allow to use an external to record programs for GB-PVR)
MLPanel (Design screen-savers, picture slide...)
MovieWiz (Movie manager)
Music (Fast database driven music player application with free text search and tag edit)
SkinPlugin (Allows users to browse themes and change the look of GB-PVR on-the-fly.)
SS2Recorder (Record and watch Live TV by TechniSat)
Torrents (Torrent files manager using ‘uTorrent')
TVListings (TV guide)
Weather (on demand weather channel)
WebCams (Allows users to view webcams all around the world)
Client/server support
When configuring the machine which is running GB-PVR, the possibilities are client and server mode.
The server is responsible of recordings that the clients can schedule. Therefore, clients do not need a recording service. A client PC just can watch TV and recordings from the server, which has to share them. Clients can also use the EPG which runs in the server.
There are two different sharing modes:
Streaming (only supports MPEG2)
File sharing
Other clients supported:
Hauppauge MediaMVP
NMT (Network Media Tank)
See also
Comparison of PVR software packages
Digital video recorder
Hard disk recorder
Home theater PC (HTPC) - also known as "Media PC"
Quiet PC
Notes
References
GB-PVR Capture Cards
GB-PVR Remote Control
GB-PVR Plugin List
GB-PVR PC Client
External links
GB-PVR Official site
GB-PVR Documentation wiki
GB-PVR Forums
Video recording software
Television technology
Television time shifting technology
Hacıyusuflar is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
The Medical Center of Aurora ("TMCA") serves Aurora, Colorado and the eastern Denver-Aurora Metropolitan Area (metro area) with four separate campuses providing a wide range of health care services. It was founded in 1974; it now employs more than 1,200 people and is part of HealthONE, the largest health care system in the metro area. Currently, there are more than 450 doctors on staff and 346 beds.
Services
Specialties for which The Medical Center of Aurora is best known locally and nationally include heart and vascular care, surgical services, women's services, cancer services, and neurosciences, including spine, brain and stroke care.
The center is the only hospital in Colorado with a Level 1 Cardiac Center, which includes a Cardiac Alert Program, designed to train and equip first responders to more quickly and accurately detect and treat heart attacks, and serves as a model for other hospitals throughout the U.S. These and other services have gained national respect and honors for outcomes and efficiencies
The center was the first health care organization in Colorado to offer Aquapheresis, a medical therapy that removes large volumes of excess fluid, designed to improve the quality of life for patients with Congestive Heart Failure.
The center also offers robotic surgery using the Da Vinci Surgical System to perform a variety of minimally invasive surgeries.
Facilities
Main Campus, Aurora
North Campus, Aurora
Spalding Rehabilitation Hospital, Aurora
Centennial Medical Plaza, Centennial
Awards
Ranked among the top 100 best place to work in the United States by Modern Healthcare.
Magnet Recognition from the American Nurses Credential Center, the highest nursing honor in the country.
The Alfred P. Sloan Award for Workplace Flexibility (2007 & 2008).
Timberline Award from Colorado Performance Excellence.
Hospital rating data
The HealthGrades website contains the clinical quality data for the Medical Center of Aurora, as of 2017. For this rating section three different types of data from HealthGrades are presented: clinical quality ratings for thirty-three inpatient conditions and procedures, thirteen patient safety indicators and the percentage of patients giving the hospital as a 9 or 10 (the two highest possible ratings).
For inpatient conditions and procedures, there are three possible ratings: worse than expected, as expected, better than expected. For this hospital the data for this category is:
Worse than expected - 5
As expected - 25
Better than expected - 3
For patient safety indicators, there are the same three possible ratings. For this hospital safety indicators were rated as:
Worse than expected - 0
As expected - 9
Better than expected - 4
Percentage of patients rating this hospital as a 9 or 10 - 74%
Percentage of patients who on average rank hospitals as a 9 or 10 - 69%
References
External links
The Medical Center of Aurora website
Modern Healthcare Top 100
Colorado Performance Excellence
List of Magnet Organizations
2008 Alfred P. Sloan Award Winners
2007 Alfred P. Sloan Award Winners
Timberline Award Winners
Hospital buildings completed in 1974
Hospitals in Colorado
HCA Healthcare
Hospitals established in 1974
1974 establishments in Colorado
Buildings and structures in Aurora, Colorado
Trauma centers
John Roper (died 1618) was a British aristocrat, created the first Baron Teynham in 1616.
The Roper family is an English aristocratic family that can be traced back to 1066 following the Norman Conquest by residing in Derbyshire. Members of the family have held three hereditary titles: Viscount of Baltinglass, Baron Dacre of Glanton, and Baron of Teynham.
Early life
John Roper was the eldest son of Christopher Roper, of Lynsted, Kent, and his wife Elizabeth Blore. The Ropers (whose original surname had been Musard) were an old Kentish family with strong Catholic connections. His uncle's wife, Margaret Roper, was the daughter of Sir Thomas More.
Later life and peerage
John succeeded to his father's manor of Badmangore on the latter's death. In 1599, he had a new house, Lynsted Lodge, built at Lynsted. Upon the accession of James I, John was the first of the gentry in his county to proclaim the new king, for which service he was knighted in 1616 (although according to other sources he may have already been knighted by Queen Elizabeth in 1587) and raised to the peerage as Lord Teynham on the same day.
His contribution of £10,000 to the new king's coffers may also have played a role in his elevation to the nobility. Ned Wymarke joked that he was "Baron of Ten M", 10 thousand pounds. According to Gardiner, however, Roper's ennoblement was not any sort of sign of gratitude from the king; rather, it was granted (after the payment of £10,000) as a way to induce Roper to relinquish an office he held in the King's Bench. King James hoped to grant the office to his grasping favorite, George Villiers, 1st Duke of Buckingham, and viewed Roper as an obstacle to the plan.
Marriage and family
He firstly married Elizabeth Parke, daughter of Richard Parke of Malmaine. They had three children, including;
Christopher, who would succeed to the barony.
Elizabeth, who married George Vaux, son of William Vaux, 3rd Baron Vaux of Harrowden, and was the mother of the 4th Baron Vaux
Jane (or Mary), who married Sir Robert Lovell of Martin Abbey, and was questioned on suspicion of involvement in the Gunpowder Plot. After July 1606, she lived as a widow in Brussels, and her house was robbed during religious processions at Easter 1610.
John Roper's first wife Elizabeth died in 1567. Roper married a second time to Elizabeth Dyon some time between 24 September 1583 (when her first husband died) and 4 April 1584. His second wife also predeceased him, dying prior to 22 September 1593, they had no children.
Death
John Roper died in 1618, and was succeeded in his title by his son Christopher. He was buried in the south chancel of the church at Lynsted Lodge.
A general history of the Roper family and their landholdings
The estates owned by the Roper family in the United Kingdom include Hyde and Charlton, Bradford, Pylewell Park, Candelwick, Galway Estates and Trimdon Estates. Additional estates include Saint Dunstans, Chestfeild, Cheselherst, Brambiltighe, and Modingham among others. Kent Estates were acquired in 15th century by Lord John Roper. Galway estates (181 acres) were acquired in 19th century by Sir Henry Roper.
In 1788, Henry Francis Roper, the 14th Baron of Teynham inherited his cousin's John Barnewall Curzon's wealth and estate at Water Perry, Northamptonshire when he died. Henry legally added his name to his by Royal Licence and joined House of Roper and House of Curzon in his honour and became Henry Francis Roper-Curzon. Today, his descendants such as John Roper-Curzon, David Roper-Curzon, and Harry Roper-Curzon still go by both names.
References
1618 deaths
1
English Roman Catholics
17th-century English nobility
17th-century Roman Catholics
People from Lynsted
Andrew Wynford Davies (; born 20 September 1936) is a Welsh writer of screenplays and novels, best known for House of Cards and A Very Peculiar Practice, and his adaptations of Vanity Fair, Pride and Prejudice, Middlemarch, Bleak House and War & Peace. He was made a BAFTA Fellow in 2002.
Education and early career
Davies was born in Rhiwbina, Cardiff, Wales. He attended Whitchurch Grammar School in Cardiff and then University College, London, where he received a BA in English in 1957. He took a teaching position at St. Clement Danes Grammar School in London, where he was on the teaching staff from 1958–61. He held a similar post at Woodberry Down Comprehensive School in Hackney, London from 1961–63. Following that, he was a lecturer in English at Coventry College of Education (which later merged with the University of Warwick to become the Faculty of Educational Studies and later the Warwick Institute of Education), and then at the University of Warwick.
In 1960, Davies contributed material to the BBC Home Service's Monday Night at Home strand, alongside Harold Pinter and Ivor Cutler. He wrote his first play for radio in 1964 and many more were to follow. In 1960, he married Diana Huntley; the couple have a son and daughter. He is resident in Kenilworth, Warwickshire.
Writer
Davies' first television play, Who's Going to Take Me On?, was broadcast in 1967 as part of BBC1's The Wednesday Play strand. His early plays were written as a sideline to his work in education, many of them appearing in anthology series such as Thirty Minute Theatre, Play for Today and Centre Stage. One of his London stage plays, Rose, played on Broadway in 1981, with Glenda Jackson and Jessica Tandy. His first serial adaptation of a work of fiction was of To Serve Them All My Days (1980), from the novel by R. F. Delderfield. He wrote A Very Peculiar Practice (1986–88), a campus based comedy-drama series that drew upon his career in education.
He is now best known for his adaptations of classic works of literature for television including
the Charles Dickens short story The Signalman (1976), Pride and Prejudice (1995) starring Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle, Vanity Fair (1998), Bleak House (2005) and Sense and Sensibility (2008). He is the writer of the screenplays for the BBC production Middlemarch (1994) and a planned film of the same name once announced for 2011 release.
Davies also co-devised with Bernadette Davis the sitcom Game On for BBC2 and co-wrote the first two series broadcast in 1995 and 1996. The popularity of his adaptation of Michael Dobbs's political thriller House of Cards was a significant influence in Dobbs's decision to write two sequels, which Davies also adapted for television. In film, he has collaborated on the screenplays for the first two Bridget Jones films, based on Helen Fielding novels.
He is a prolific writer for children. The first of his novels was Conrad's War, published by Blackie in 1978. Davies won the annual Guardian Children's Fiction Prize, which is judged by a panel of British children's writers and recognises the best book by an author who has not yet won it. He has written Alfonso Bonzo (book and television series) and the adventures of Marmalade Atkins (television series and numerous books). He also wrote the stories Dark Towers and Badger Girl for BBC TV's Look and Read programmes for schools audiences.
2008 saw the release of his adaptations of the 1999 novel Affinity by Sarah Waters, Evelyn Waugh's Brideshead Revisited (a film), Charles Dickens' Little Dorrit (a BBC series). Little Dorrit won seven of eleven Emmy nominations and earned Davies an Emmy for Outstanding Writing for a Miniseries.
Adaptations of Dombey and Son, one of Dickens' lesser-read works and Anthony Trollope's Palliser novels were scrapped by the BBC in late 2009, following a move away from "bonnet dramas".
ITV was looking to recreate its period drama success with Downton Abbey with a new series Mr Selfridge, written by Davies and starring Jeremy Piven. An initial ten-part series first aired on 6 January 2013 and it has run for 4 series by 2016.
Davies' six-part adaptation of Leo Tolstoy's War & Peace was broadcast on BBC One in January and February 2016. Following its success, the BBC announced in July 2016 that it would be followed up with a six-part adaptation of Victor Hugo's Les Misérables to be scripted by Davies. In May 2017, it was announced that BBC will adapt Vikram Seth's magnum opus A Suitable Boy into an eight-part series to be scripted by Davies.
In May 2018, he announced at the Hay Festival that he is adapting John Updike's Rabbit, Run for television.
Filmography
Television series and serials
The Legend of King Arthur (1979)
To Serve Them All My Days (1980)
Dark Towers (Look and Read, 1981)
Diana (1984)
Badger Girl (Look and Read, 1984)
A Very Peculiar Practice (1986–88)
Mother Love (1989)
House of Cards (1990)
Anglo-Saxon Attitudes (1992)
The Old Devils (1992)
To Play the King (1993)
Middlemarch (1994)
Game On (1995, with Bernadette Davis)
Pride and Prejudice (1995)
The Final Cut (1995)
Wilderness (1996)
The Fortunes and Misfortunes of Moll Flanders (1996)
Bill's New Frock (1997)
Vanity Fair (1998)
Wives and Daughters (1999)
Take a Girl Like You (2000)
The Way We Live Now (2001)
Daniel Deronda (2002)
Doctor Zhivago (2002)
Tipping the Velvet (2002)
He Knew He Was Right (2004)
Bleak House (2005)
The Line of Beauty (2006)
Northanger Abbey (2007), part of ITV's Jane Austen Season
A Room with a View (2007)
Fanny Hill (2007)
Sense and Sensibility (2008)
Little Dorrit (2008)
South Riding (2011)
Mr Selfridge (2013–14)
Quirke (2014)
A Poet in New York (2014)
War & Peace (2016)
Les Misérables (2019)
Sanditon (2019)
A Suitable Boy (2020 BBC One TV series)
Television plays
Who's Going to Take Me On? (1965)
Is That Your Body, Boy? (1970)
No Good Unless It Hurts (1973)
The Water Maiden (1974)
Grace (1975)
The Imp of the Perverse (1975)
The Signalman (1976)
A Martyr to the System (1976)
Eleanor Marx (1977)
Velvet Glove (1977)
Fearless Frank (1978)
Renoir My Father (1978)
Bavarian Night (1981)
Heartattack Hotel (1983)
Baby I Love You (1985)
Pythons on the Mountain (1985)
Inappropriate Behaviour (1987)
Lucky Sunil (1988)
Ball Trap on the Cote Sauvage (1989)
Filipina Dreamgirls (1991)
A Very Polish Practice (1992)
Anna Lee (1993)
Harnessing Peacocks (1993)
A Few Short Journeys of the Heart (1994)
Emma (1996)
Getting Hurt (1998)
A Rather English Marriage (1998)
Othello (2001)
Boudica (2003)
Falling (2005)
The Chatterley Affair (2006)
Diary of a Nobody (2007)
Cinema
Circle of Friends (1995)
The Tailor of Panama (2001)
Bridget Jones's Diary (2001, with Helen Fielding and Richard Curtis)
Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason (2004, with Helen Fielding)
Brideshead Revisited (2008)
The Three Musketeers (2011)
Novels
Conrad's War (Blackie and Son, 1978) —winner of the Guardian Prize
Getting Hurt (1989), for adults
Dirty Faxes (1990), short stories
B. Monkey (1992) —adapted by others as the 1998 film B. Monkey
Based on the TV series
A Very Peculiar Practice (1986, Coronet) —novelization of A Very Peculiar Practice, season one
A Very Peculiar Practice: The New Frontier (1988, Methuen)
Stage plays
Rose (1980)
Prin (1990)
Picture books
Andrew and Diana Davies have written at least two children's picture books.
Poonam's Pets (Methuen Children's, 1990), illustrated by Paul Dowling
Raj In Charge (Hamish Hamilton, 1994), illus. Debi Gliori
References
Further References
Cardwell, Sarah (2005) 'Andrew Davies'. Manchester: MUP.
External links
1936 births
Living people
Welsh television writers
Welsh screenwriters
Guardian Children's Fiction Prize winners
Fellows of the Royal Society of Literature
Academics of the University of Warwick
Writers from Cardiff
Alumni of University College London
BAFTA winners (people)
BAFTA fellows
Emmy Award winners
People educated at Whitchurch Grammar School, Cardiff
Primetime Emmy Award winners
People from Rhiwbina
Robb Glacier () is a glacier about 40 nautical miles (70 km) long, flowing from Clarkson Peak north along the east side of Softbed Ridges to the Ross Ice Shelf at Cape Goldie. Named by the expedition after Murray Robb, leader of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE) (1959–60), who traversed this glacier to reach Lowery Glacier.
See also
Cape Huinga
Whakawhiti Saddle
Worthley Peak
References
Glaciers of the Ross Dependency
Shackleton Coast
Tsai Ming-kai (; born 6 April 1950, in Taiwan) is a Taiwanese entrepreneur, currently Chairman of MediaTek.
In 2014, according to Forbes he was ranked 20th Taiwanese by net worth ($1.80 billion). In 2014 he was 21st in the "Best-Performing CEOs in the World" ranking by Harvard Business Review.
In 2016 he received the Morris Chang Exemplary Leadership Award for pioneering the Taiwan semiconductor design industry.
References
1950 births
Living people
Taiwanese billionaires
Taiwanese businesspeople
Destination: Infestation (in some markets released on DVD as Swarm or Deadly Swarm and online as Ants On A Plane) is a 2007 Canadian-American made for TV production in the disaster film genre, directed by George Mendeluk. It premiered in the US on the women-oriented Lifetime Movie Network.
Plot
A US passenger plane returning from Colombia to Miami is overrun by an infestation of mutated bullet ants, whose sting is the most painful of all insect stings and can be deadly. A government official refuses to allow an emergency landing, out of fear that the ants will enter the United States, so a female entomologist on board joins forces with the plane's rugged sky marshal in a desperate attempt to save the flight from disaster, while the ants are busy gnawing on electrical cables and various other fiber optics.
Cast
References
External links
Official website for Destination: Infestation Retrieved 2011-07-03
2007 television films
2007 films
Canadian television films
English-language Canadian films
American aviation films
2007 action films
2000s English-language films
Films directed by George Mendeluk
2000s American films
2000s Canadian films
is a mountain in Ōtsu, Shiga Prefecture, Japan. This mountain is one of the 200 famous mountains in Japan and also one of the Kinki 100 mountains.
Outline
Mount Bunagatake is the highest mountain of Hira Mountains. Hira mountains consist of three parts, Oku-Hira, Kita-Hira and Minami-Hira, literally, ‘Deep Hira', ‘North Hira', and ‘South Hira'. Mount Bunagatake belongs to Oku-Hira, and on the Mesozoic strata as other mountains of Oku-Hira.
This mountain is also a part of Biwako Quasi-National Park, and visitors can enjoy the almost 360-degree panorama view from the top.
Access
From Hira Station to the middle of this mountain, Hira Chair Lift, which was made in 1960, and Hira Ropeway opened in 1961, connected until 2004 with a Bus route by Kojyaku Bus. However the chair lift and the ropeway were removed in 2004, and the Bus route was also discontinued after that.
Hira Station of Kosei Line
Bomura Bus Stop of Kyoto Bus
Image gallery
References
the Geographical Survey Institute in Japan
Biwako Quasi-National Park
‘Hirasankei Bunagatake'
External links
Bunagatake, Mount
Ōtsu
The Yarralumla brickworks, also known as the Commonwealth Brickworks, was one of the earliest construction projects in Canberra, Australia. It was built in the suburb of Yarralumla to produce the bricks used to build many of Canberra's early buildings. It opened in around 1913 and operated until its closure in 1976. It is known for producing the bricks used to build itself.
Narrow gauge goods railway lines for the transportation of bricks linked Yarralumla to some of the major building sites in central Canberra such as Old Parliament House, and the Kingston Power House. No sign of this early Canberra transport system remains today.
The original brick kilns were built according to Walter Burley Griffin's designs with fan forced short chimneys intended to stay below the height of the surrounding pine trees. In 1950 after World War II increased building demands in Canberra meant that a large 46 metre natural-draft chimney was built for the new kilns. This greatly increased brick production capacity. The tall chimney is visible from many locations around central Canberra.
In recent years a report found that the tall chimney was not earthquake-safe. As the chimney was heritage listed and located within falling distance of nearby homes, an engineering firm was called in to make it safe. A frame was built inside the chimney to support it without affecting its external appearance.
The brickworks today is closed to the public but has had various uses over the past 20 years. There have been several recent ideas that haven't eventuated, including using the site for Canberra's new gaol, making the site the new permanent home for Floriade (a yearly Canberra flower festival) or to turn the brickworks into a holiday resort. Future plans for the site are still undecided.
As of February 2015 it was proposed that a housing estate could be constructed on the site, consisting of 1800 dwellings.
References
Manufacturing plants in Australia
Buildings and structures in Canberra
Brickworks in Australia
Australian Capital Territory Heritage Register
A green guide (or sustainability guide) is a set of rules and guidelines provided for the use of a general or selective population to achieve the goal of becoming more green or sustainable. The guide serves to direct individuals, agencies, companies, businesses, etc. to resources that can help them become more sustainable (or ‘green'), as sustainability becomes a more popular and growing lifestyle choice. Guides are available in many ways, but the most popular being through websites to avoid using paper. There has also been a surge of guides in university websites to encourage students towards a more sustainable way of life.
History
The original “green guides” were created by the Federal Trade Commission,which we can call it FTC for short. The Federal Trade Commission's slogan is “protecting America's consumers,” so naturally they created these “green guides” to “to help marketers avoid making environmental claims that are unfair or deceptive under Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act”.
In order to guide consumers away from dishonest environmental claims, the Federal Trade Commission issued two brochures called “Eco-Speak: A User's Guide to the Language of Recycling” and “Sorting out ‘Green' Advertising Claims”. Not only does the Federal Trade Commission guide the consumer, but it also issues a brochure for businesses called “Complying With the Environmental Marketing Guides”. This guide provides businesses with the complete guides and a review of green marketing claims. The Federal Trade Commission issued their first guide in 1992 and since then has updated them in 1996 and 1998. Most recently the Federal Trade Commission has proposed a revision of their guides in October 2010. Due to the proliferation of products claiming to be green in the marketplace in recent years the Federal Trade Commission began this third revision process early as the Commission held several workshop meetings open to the public to discuss green marketing issues. These workshops covered carbon offsets, “green” product packaging, building products, and textiles claiming to be green. Through this review process the Federal Trade Commission is able to gain feedback from the public as well as perform a cost-benefit analysis, determine the efficacy of their guides, and decide whether to maintain, modify, or discard the current set of guides and rules.
Even before the Federal Trade Commission created its first green guide in 1992 there were plenty of people interested in sustainability and the environment who wanted some sort of guidance when it came to living and purchasing more eco friendly. Especially in recent years with the growing environmental movement, a myriad of organizations and individuals have released their own guides to living sustainably or in other words their own “green guides.” For example, National Geographic a magazine company whose slogan is “inspiring people to care about the planet since 1888” first launched its National Geographic Green Guide in 2003. This magazine guide gave readers tips and examples on how to live a more sustainable and “greener” life. National Geographic discontinued the print version of their guide in January 2009, but it continues to run the guide on their webpage. There readers can read over guides on living more sustainably with their home and garden, travel and transport, food, and purchases. Also National Geographic provides readers with recent environmental news, “green living hot topics,” and interactive quizzes to determine how sustainably their living and what they can do to change
Every day more and more people and organizations keep generating new ideas and novel innovations on how to live more sustainable lives. These fresh ideas act themselves as green guides as long as their information is spread, either by print or on the internet. For example, back in November 2007 Rebecca Kelley and Joy Hatch were just two friends who happened to be pregnant at the same time, but by sharing their ideals and interests of raising their children sustainably they created a blog called “The Green Baby Guide”. This blog created a guide for mothers interested in how they could make their child rearing process more environmentally friendly and sustainable. Eventually their community of interested mothers grew so large that they came out with a book in March 2010 called "The Eco-nomical Baby Guide: Down-to-Earth Ways for Parents to Save Money and the Planet". With more people wanting to become enlightened about sustainable living every day there is plenty of room for additional green guides to be produced causing the history of green guides to be changing and evolving all the time.
Federal Trade Commission
The Federal Trade Commission green guide is a general guide made by the United States government. It uses examples of everyday ‘green items'. The articles are quite broad, and can be applied to almost every ‘green' consumer product. The FTC issued its Green Guides, to help marketers avoid making environmental claims that are unfair or deceptive under Section 5 of the FTC Act. The Green Guides outline general principles that apply to all environmental marketing claims and then provide guidance on specific green claims, such as biodegradable, compostable, recyclable, recycled content, and ozone safe. The FTC issued the Guides in 1992, and updated them in 1996 and 1998. Currently, the FTC is making revisions to the guides to keep up with the times.
National Geographic
The National Geographic website gives a variety of resources aimed primarily at individuals in their easy to comprehend green guide. Here, the website focuses on ways everyday people can help towards a sustainable world as well as changes they can make to live that world as well. With categories involving home and garden, travel, transportation, and food, National Geographic encompasses the areas people have the most control over in their life.
Under the home and garden, the site provides simple yet shocking facts about certain products and practices that one might not even think about in one's everyday home life. Also, the site provides alternatives to these practices as well as tips to make both your home and your garden sustainable.
The travel and transportation section also provides other tips as to how one would green up their traveling as well as provides destinations for travel. In this category, National Geographic, as per its name, also has some information on geotourism. Defined as "tourism that sustains or enhances the geographical character of place," this section gives information about places that one might decide to go on for travel.
With food, the site gives valuable information about food and the impact to the environment that it could have; moreover, the site educates readers as to up to date advances in technology that could prove more sustainable than past technologies when it comes to cultivation of food. Finally, there is a section on certain recipes that provides information to certain aspects of food preparation, as well as food itself, that proves harmful towards sustainability and the environment in general.
Adding to that, the website also provides a ‘buying guides' option that educates people in the purchases they make and how that could affect the environment as well as their wallets. Under this option, the website provides tips and services as to products that everyday people might want to purchase. These tips encompass things like cost, what kinds of regulations one would have to understand for the product, pertinent information regarding the kind of product, as well as how the product itself and the kind you decide to buy impact the environment.
Green Guide UK
“The Green Guide” is a version of a sustainable living guide that was created in the UK in 1997. This guide consists of an online database as well as a published print version. Not only is “the Green Guide” a guide to sustainable living, but it is also a directory that contains information about “products, services and organisations that help promote and encourage a sustainable lifestyle”.
The guide provides useful advice and tips, but it also contains lists of organizations and companies that can further inform and assist readers in their quests to live more sustainably. Since this guide is produced in the United Kingdom, the vast majority of the listings are of companies located in the United Kingdom, but it also contains over 350 international listings as well as information and tips that are applicable almost anywhere in the world.
“The Green Guide” is broken down into twelve chapters each dealing with different themes spanning a wide variety of lifestyles. Each one of these chapters is then further broken down into sections and subsections where the writers found appropriate. In total, the guide consists of 994 different sections and subsections all pertaining to different strategies, tips and information that can help readers live a more sustainable life. The twelve different chapters are as listed:
1. Food and Farming
2. Fashion and Beauty
3. Building, Home and Garden
4. Renewable Energy and Recycling
5. Health and Wellbeing
6. Children, Family, Community and Gifts
7. Transport and Travel
8. Leisure, Activities and Holidays
9. Money, Sustainable Business and CSR
10. Government, Campaigning and Change
11. Media, Arts, Events and Awards
12. Centres, Research, Education and Careers.
By June 14, 2010, the directory portion of “the Green Guide” had over 15,000 entries, however, only just over 10,000 are available to view online. This is because not all of the potential entries are accepted by “the Green Guide” due to the fact that they do not match the standards the guide has set. One of the major problems organizations like “the Green Guide” face is the issue of green washing. Green washing is the issue of companies attempting display themselves as environmentally friendly or green just to gain customers when in fact they are not at all green. This can be an enormous concern as companies like “the Green Guide” try their best to create guides full of truly sustainable companies
Grassroots
In addition to published green guides, there are many grassroots green guides for the average, everyday consumer. These grassroots guides cover anything a consumer cannot find in any published green guides, such as green guides to weddings or even babies. The importance of amateur writers to create green guides is cooperative to the green guide movement itself as its sole purpose it to provide information for consumers.
Grassroots green guides can be written by anyone with any sort of knowledge in the subject they are writing about. Green Guides are sparse, so any help to further the movement is encouraged. It is the hope of the individuals who create these green guides to have available, over the internet, a public view able 'encyclopedia' or green guides based on the public's needs and desires.
University and College Guides
According to the Princeton Review, these sixteen universities in the United States have gained the Green Honor Roll based on the criteria listed in the review:
The percentage of food expenditures that go toward local, organic or otherwise environmentally preferable food
The availability of programs that encourage alternatives to single passenger automobile use for students
The presence of a formal committee with participation of the students devoted to advancing sustainability on campus
The requirement of buildings to be LEED Silver certified or equivalent
Overall waste diversion rate
The availability of an environmental study major, minor, or concentration
If the school has an ‘environmental literacy' requirement
If the school has a publicly available greenhouse gas emission inventory and adopted a climate action plan consistent with 80% greenhouse gas reduction by 2050
Percentage of energy consumption derived from renewable resources
The employment of a dedicated full-time (or the equivalent) sustainability officer
The following list of schools have received a Green rating of 99, the highest grade possible given
by the Princeton Review.
American University, Washington, D.C.
Arizona State University at the Tempe campus
College of the Atlantic, Bar Harbor, Maine
Dickinson College, Carlisle, Pennsylvania
Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, Georgia
Harvard College, Cambridge, Massachusetts
Northeastern University, Boston, Massachusetts
Oregon State University, Corvallis, Oregon
San Francisco State University
State University of New York at Binghamton
University of California, Santa Cruz, California
University of Maine, Orono, Maine
University of Washington, Seattle, Washington
University of Wisconsin, Stevens Point, Wisconsin
Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, Virginia
Warren Wilson College, Asheville, North Carolina
References
External links
Green Guide.co.uk
Consumer behaviour
Sustainability
This is a list of public art in St James's, a district in the City of Westminster, London.
St James's lies to the north of St James's Park, a former hunting ground attached to St James's Palace. The Mall, marking the northern boundary of the park, was transformed into a major thoroughfare in the 1900s by Aston Webb as part of the national memorial to Queen Victoria. Its focal point looking west is the Victoria Memorial designed by Thomas Brock, one of several memorials set along its axis from the early 20th century onwards. To the east The Mall joins John Nash's processional route (which originally connected Carlton House to Regent's Park) at Carlton House Terrace. The part of this route within St James's includes Waterloo Place, described as "one of the more dramatic pieces of town planning in London" and lined with statues and memorials mainly of a military character. Elsewhere in the district, the Economist Plaza hosted changing displays of contemporary sculpture in the early 21st century; this programme came to an end in 2010 after running for over ten years.
Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colours
References
Bibliography
Saint James's
Public art
Saint-Médard (; ) is commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.
Population
See also
Communes of the Haute-Garonne department
References
Communes of Haute-Garonne
In financial mathematics, a conditional risk measure is a random variable of the financial risk (particularly the downside risk) as if measured at some point in the future. A risk measure can be thought of as a conditional risk measure on the trivial sigma algebra.
A dynamic risk measure is a risk measure that deals with the question of how evaluations of risk at different times are related. It can be interpreted as a sequence of conditional risk measures.
A different approach to dynamic risk measurement has been suggested by Novak.
Conditional risk measure
Consider a portfolio's returns at some terminal time as a random variable that is uniformly bounded, i.e., denotes the payoff of a portfolio. A mapping is a conditional risk measure if it has the following properties for random portfolio returns :
Conditional cash invariance
Monotonicity
Normalization
If it is a conditional convex risk measure then it will also have the property:
Conditional convexity
A conditional coherent risk measure is a conditional convex risk measure that additionally satisfies:
Conditional positive homogeneity
Acceptance set
The acceptance set at time associated with a conditional risk measure is
.
If you are given an acceptance set at time then the corresponding conditional risk measure is
where is the essential infimum.
Regular property
A conditional risk measure is said to be regular if for any and then where is the indicator function on . Any normalized conditional convex risk measure is regular.
The financial interpretation of these states that the conditional risk at some future node (i.e. ) only depends on the possible states from that node. In a binomial model this would be akin to calculating the risk on the subtree branching off from the point in question.
Time consistent property
A dynamic risk measure is time consistent if and only if .
Example: dynamic superhedging price
The dynamic superhedging price involves conditional risk measures of the form
.
It is shown that this is a time consistent risk measure.
References
Financial risk modeling
Riverside is a neighborhood in Miami, Florida, United States.
History
Riverside was Miami's first subdivision west of the Miami River. The area came to be called “Riverside” for its location next to the Miami River. Mary Brickell (a member of one of Miami's prominent pioneer families) platted the Riverside subdivision. The most important developers of the areas were the Tatum brothers, creators of the Lawrence Estate Land Company subdivision which represented a large segment of Riverside. They came to Miami from Dawson, Georgia in the late 1890s. The Tatum brothers' advertisements characterized the area as “The Beautiful Ridge” owing to its verdant, elevated terrain close to the river. In an advertisement appearing in 1906, J.H. Tatum and company exhorted Miamians to “buy a lot in Riverside”, especially since “the electric trolley line will be completed through (Riverside) in 90 days and the price of all lots will be increased 50%”. The Tatum's sold lots in Riverside, in 1904 for $300 to $350. The area during its early history contained many elegant two-story frame homes. As the second and third decade of the 20th century unfolded, many of the newer homes were bungalows.
The Riverside area was connected to nearby downtown Miami by the 12th Street (later Flagler Street) bridge, which opened as a toll-roadway in 1905. The tolls were steep for the time: 10 cents for a pedestrian: 25 cents for a horse-drawn cart. In 1909, the City of Miami purchased the facility and removed the tolls. Broad Flagler Street was the area's most important thoroughfare. A Flagler Street trolley began operating in 1915, carrying passengers as far west as S.W. 12th Avenue. Businesses and splendid homes arose along both sides of Flagler Street in the early 1900s. Prominent Miamians of the era lived in the Riverside area.
By the 1930s, Riverside's population was changing. Increasing number of Jews moved into the area, and many of their businesses, professional offices, and institutions accompanied them. The Jewish presence continued to grow, and remained a major element of the population until the late 1950s, when an era of postwar prosperity brought another housing boom to Greater Miami. The boom prompted many Riverside residents to suburban developments throughout Dade County.
The earliest Cubans in Miami for which there are recorded information were the Eduardo Luis Gonzalez family who were here in 1896. Another early Cuban family recorded was the Encinosas, who had a home in 1922 at 120 S.W. 8th Street. By the early 20th century a significant number of Cubans already resided in the Riverside area. Riverside's population mix has undergone many changes in recent decades as huge number of Cubans, Nicaraguans, and other Caribbean and Latin American refugees poured into the area. Because of its large Cuban population, the area began to be called Little Havana or East Little Havana.
I-95, which was completed through Miami-Dade County in the late 1960s was built along some of the Riverside area making an impact on the neighborhood. The area beneath I-95 close to the Miami River served as a temporary home in the summer and fall of 1980 for hundreds of Cuban refugees from the Port of Mariel. One of the most prominent landmarks of the Riverside area is the Firestone service station. It was built in 1929 under the personal supervision of Harvey Firestone, who had a mansion on Miami Beach, it was billed as the largest Firestone facility in the world and was considered Mr. Firestone's favorite store. It also sported what was at the time, the largest neon sign in Florida. Although Riverside has been transformed into a vibrant Latin Quarter and many of its historic buildings have been demolished, the Firestone structure still dominates the corner of Flagler Street and Twelfth Avenue. After the building was sold to Walgreens, preservationists convinced the company to retain the old structure, thus guaranteeing its continued presence as a neighborhood icon.
Churches
St. John Bosco Catholic Church
Education
Miami-Dade Public Schools runs the area's public schools:
Riverside Elementary School
Ada Merritt K-8 School
Young Women's Preparatory Academy
Libraries
Miami-Dade Public Library System runs the area's public libraries:
Hispanic Branch Library
Parks
Jose Marti Park
Riverside Park
References
Neighborhoods in Miami
Aliefe is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
The 1915 Tie Cup Final was the final match to decide the winner of the Tie Cup, the 16th. edition of the international competition organised by the Argentine and Uruguayan Associations together. The final was contested by Argentine Porteño and Uruguayan Nacional,
In the match, played at Gimnasia y Esgrima Stadium in Palermo, Buenos Aires, Nacional beat Porteño 2–0, winning its second Tie Cup tournament.
Qualified teams
Overview
Porteño earned its place in the final as the winner of 1915 Copa de Competencia Jockey Club, where the team beat Hispano Argentino (2–1 as visitor), Tigre (6–1 at Atlanta), Huracán (5–2 in extra time), River Plate (2–1), Rosario A.C. (1–0 in palermo) and finally, Primera División champion Racing in the final (2–1 also in Palermo).
Fans waited for the match with great expectations due to the great performance of Porteño in the local competition cup. The match was held in Gimnasia y Esgrima on 31 October, 1915, with a huge attendance of 8,000. Nevertheless, it was Nacional the team that opened the score when on 30 minutes, Carlos Scarone shot but the ball hit the goal post. As Porteño goalkeeper Rithner could not catch the ball on time, Pablo Dacal anticipated him to score the first goal of the match.
Only four minutes later, Nacional scored for second time when Somma made a long pass to Scarone, who shot to the goal. With no goals scored in the second half, Nacional won its second tie Cup trophy. According to what the press of the time reported, Nacional was a fair winner.
Match details
References
t
t
1915 in Argentine football
1915 in Uruguayan football
Football in Buenos Aires
Marian Wiesław Ostafiński (born 8 December 1946 in Przemyśl) is a Polish former footballer who played as a defender.
At international level he made 11 appearances for the Poland national team and was a participant at the 1972 Summer Olympics, where his team won the gold medal.
References
External links
Polish Olympic Committee website
Living people
1946 births
People from Przemyśl
Sportspeople from Podkarpackie Voivodeship
Polish footballers
Association football defenders
Poland international footballers
Footballers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Poland
Olympic footballers of Poland
Stal Rzeszów players
Ruch Chorzów players
Polonia Bytom players
Olympic medalists in football
Medalists at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Stal Stalowa Wola players
SC Hazebrouck players
James Byres of Tonley FRSE FSAScot FSA (1733 — 1817) was a Scottish architect, antiquary and dealer in Old Master paintings and antiquities.
Biography
He was born in Aberdeenshire in 1733.
Byres was a member of a family of Scottish Jacobite sympathisers who settled in Rome in 1758, where he became a cicerone and an art dealer, mainly to Scottish and English gentlemen on the Grand Tour until his return to Scotland in 1790. His house was in Via Paolina.
Byres was a painter and an adept designer, whose Vanvitellian design for a palazzo facade won a prize from the Accademia di San Luca in 1762. In Rome members of his circle were drawn by Angelica Kauffman in a sketchbook she used from 1762 to 1764: the portraits include the English painter Nathaniel Dance, Gavin Hamilton, and the abbé Peter Grant. By 1764 he was so well acquainted with the ancient sites and the cabinets of collectors that he took about a party of colonial Americans, including Samuel Powel of Philadelphia, who unlike his British peers, took assiduous notes. Byres, as well as some others British residents in Rome such as Thomas Jenkins and Colin Morison, worked as an art dealer, working with important European collectors.
William Constable purchased from Byres many of the Italian paintings and marble copies after Roman sculptures at Burton Constable, Yorkshire, and Byres was responsible for introducing the artist Anton Maron, who painted William Constable and his sister in the pose and dress of Cato and Marcia. Among the antiquities that passed through his hands, the most famous may be the Portland Vase, which he sold to Sir William Hamilton in 1770. Among the commissions for which he acted as agent was the Noli me Tangere of Raphael Mengs, 1771, for an altarpiece for All Souls College, 1771.
In 1783 he was one of the founder members of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
A clear idea of his own collection can be gleaned from a 1790 inventory made upon his return to Tonley. Though he sent many of his clients to Pompeo Batoni, the only Batoni portrait hanging in his house was of his sister Isabella, Mrs Robert Sandilands.
Concerning the Etruscans Byres formulated the hypothesis that Etruscan literature has not come down to us because it was purposely destroyed by the Romans.
Before he left Rome in 1790 he made a payment to the maître d'hôtel of Henry Benedict Stuart, Cardinal York in favour of the Duchess of Albany, illegitimate daughter of Bonnie Prince Charlie, so it may be inferred that his Jacobite sensibility ran deep.
He died at Tonley in Aberdeenshire on 3 September 1817
Notes
Further reading
P. Coen, Il mercato dei quadri a Roma nel XVIII secolo: , Florence, Leo S. Olschki, 2010, pp. 70–77
I. Bignamini, C. Hornsby, Digging And Dealing In Eighteenth-Century Rome (2010), p. 246-248
P. Coen, La carriera di mercante d'arte e il profilo culturale di James Byres of Tonley (1737-1824), in La città degli artisti nell'età di Pio VI, a cura di L. Barroero, S. Susinno, «Roma moderna e contemporanea», X, 2002, pp. 153–178
Brinsley Ford, 'James Byres, principal antiquarian to the English visitors to Rome', in Apollo; 99 (June 1974), pp 446–61.
W.T. Whitley, Artists and Their Friends in England 1700-1790 (1928) ii, pp247–48.
1734 births
1817 deaths
18th-century Scottish architects
18th-century Scottish painters
Scottish male painters
19th-century Scottish painters
British art dealers
People from Aberdeenshire
Businesspeople from Rome
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
Members of the Philosophical Society of Edinburgh
Scottish antiquarians
Scottish businesspeople
Scottish designers
Scottish expatriates in Italy
Scottish Jacobites
Scottish art collectors
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland
Susan Graham (born July 23, 1960 in Roswell, New Mexico) is an American mezzo-soprano.
Life and career
Raised in Midland, Texas, Graham is a graduate of Texas Tech University and the Manhattan School of Music. Her teachers have included Cynthia Hoffmann and Marlena Malas. She studied the piano for 13 years. She was a winner in the Metropolitan Opera's National Council Auditions, and also a recipient of the Schwabacher Award from the Merola Program of San Francisco Opera.
Graham made her international début at Covent Garden in 1994, playing Massenet's Chérubin. She has also premièred several roles in contemporary operas, including John Harbison's The Great Gatsby (Jordan Baker), Jake Heggie's Dead Man Walking (Sister Helen Prejean), and Tobias Picker's An American Tragedy (Sondra Finchley).
Graham is a noted champion of the French song repertoire and of songs by contemporary American composers, including Ned Rorem and Lowell Liebermann. Graham made her Carnegie Hall recital debut in April 2003, and a recording of this recital was later released.
Graham sang "Bless This House" at George W. Bush's second inauguration on January 20, 2005, and Schubert's "Ave Maria" at the nationally televised funeral mass for Senator Edward M. Kennedy of Massachusetts on August 29, 2009. She is a US delegate for UNESCO.
Opera roles
Her operatic roles include:
Dominick Argento
The Aspern Papers (Sonia) 1990; (Tina) 2013
Samuel Barber
Vanessa (Erika)
Alban Berg
Lulu (Countess Geschwitz) Metropolitan Opera 2015
Hector Berlioz
Béatrice et Bénédict (Béatrice) 1997
La damnation de Faust (Marguerite) La Scala, Metropolitan Opera November 2008
Les Troyens (Didon) Théâtre du Châtelet, (Paris); Metropolitan Opera; San Francisco Opera
Marc Blitzstein
Regina (Regina Giddens) 2018
Christoph Willibald Gluck
Iphigénie en Tauride (Iphigénie)
Alexander Goehr
Arianna (Arianna)
Charles Gounod
Roméo et Juliette (Stephano) Seattle Opera
George Frideric Handel
Alcina (Ruggerio)
Xerxes (Serse – Title Role), San Francisco Opera
Ariodante Houston Grand Opera, San Francisco Opera
John Harbison
The Great Gatsby (Jordan Baker) 1999
Jake Heggie
Dead Man Walking (Sister Helen Prejean)
Three Decembers (Madeline Mitchell), Opera San Jose
Franz Lehár
The Merry Widow Hanna Glawari (the title character)
Jules Massenet
Werther (Charlotte)
Chérubin Royal Opera House
Claudio Monteverdi
L'incoronazione di Poppea (Poppea)
Il ritorno d'Ulisse in patria (Minerva)
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Così fan tutte (Dorabella)
Don Giovanni (Donna Elvira) Lyric Opera of Chicago
Idomeneo (Idamante) Houston Grand Opera, Palais Garnier, Paris
La clemenza di Tito (Sesto) Opéra National de Paris and concert performances
Le nozze di Figaro (Cherubino) Metropolitan Opera
Lucio Silla (Cecilio), Santa Fe Opera
Tobias Picker
An American Tragedy (Sondra Finchley) Metropolitan Opera world première
Henry Purcell
Dido and Aeneas (Sorceress, Dido)
Gioachino Rossini
Il barbiere di Siviglia (Rosina)
Richard Strauss
Ariadne auf Naxos (Composer) Metropolitan Opera, Royal Opera House, and Glyndebourne
Der Rosenkavalier (Octavian)
Giuseppe Verdi
Falstaff (Meg Page)
Awards
2001 Chevalier of the Order of Arts and Letters (Chevalier dans l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres)
June 2005 Commander of the Order of Arts and Letters
Musical America 2004 Vocalist of the Year
2004 Grammy Award for Best Classical Vocal Performance, for her album Ives: Songs (The Things Our Fathers Loved; The Housatonic At Stockbridge, Etc.)
2005 Opera News Award
September 5, 2006 Midland, Texas first annual "Susan Graham Day"
May 2008, Honorary Doctorate, Manhattan School of Music
Some of the recordings have also received awards. See below.
Recordings
1992
Pulcinella (Stravinsky) Seattle Symphony Orchestra, Gerard Schwarz (conductor) Delos Records 3100
1995
Scenes from Goethe's Faust (Schumann) Bryn Terfel, Karita Mattila, Jan-Hendrik Rootering, Barbara Bonney, Endrik Wottrich, Iris Vermillion, Brigitte Poschner-Klebel, Susan Graham, Hans Peter Blochwitz, Harry Peeters, Berliner Philharmoniker, Claudio Abbado (conductor). Sony Classical 66308
1996
Roméo et Juliette (Charles Gounod) Plácido Domingo, Ruth Ann Swenson, Miles, Kurt Ollmann, Susan Graham, Alain Vernhes, Paul Charles Clarke; Bayerischen Rundfunkorchester und chor, Münchner Rundfunkorchester, Leonard Slatkin (conductor). RCA 68440
1997
Béatrice et Bénédict (Berlioz). Catherine Robbin (Ursule), Gabriel Bacquier (Somarone), Gilles Cachemaille (Claudio), Jean-Luc Viala (Bénédict), Philippe Magnant (Léonato), Susan Graham (Béatrice), Sylvia McNair (Héro), Vincent le Texier (Don Pedro), Lyon Opera Orchestra and Chorus, John Nelson (conductor). MusiFrance 2292
The Gold & Silver Gala Graham duets with Plácido Domingo in "Là ci darem la mano". EMI Classics 56337
Les nuits d'été and Opera Arias (Berlioz) Les nuits d'été Op. 7 and songs from La Damnation De Faust Op. 24, Benvenuto Cellini, Les Troyens, Béatrice et Bénédict. Orchestra of the Royal Opera House, John Nelson (conductor) Sony 62730
1998
La Belle Époque – The Songs of Reynaldo Hahn (Hahn) Roger Vignoles (piano) Sony. Awards: Winner of Performance Today "Critic's Choice" Award; the 1999 Caecilia Prize; Preis der Deutschen Schallplattenkritik critic's award; Choc du Monde de la Musique; Opera International's Timbre de Platine. Sony 60168
Debussy La Damoiselle élue. Sylvia McNair, Susan Graham, Boston Symphony Orchestra Seiji Ozawa. Philips 446682 (with Ravel: Shéhérazade and Britten Les illuminations).
2000
Strauss: Der Rosenkavalier Act 1 – closing scene; Act 3 – Trio and finale; Arabella Act 1 duet; Capriccio – closing scene. Renée Fleming (Marschallin), Barbara Bonney, Susan Graham (Octavian), Vienna PO, Christoph Eschenbach (conductor) Decca 466 314-2
Songs of Ned Rorem (Rorem) Malcolm Martineau (piano) Rorem's settings of poems by Paul Goodman, Theodore Roethke, Witter Bynner, Tennyson, Walt Whitman and others. Erato 80222
Alcina (Handel) Renée Fleming, Susan Graham, Natalie Dessay, Kathleen Kuhlmann, Timothy Robinson, Laurent Naouri, Juanita Lascarro, Michael Loughlin-Smith, Maurizio Rossano, Laurent Collobert, Eric Demarteau, Les Arts Florissants, William Christie (conductor). Erato 80233
Berlioz: L'enfance du Christ; Three Irlande songs; Sara la baigneuse Susan Graham, François Le Roux, John Mark Ainsley, Montreal SO and Chorus, Dutoit. Decca
2001
Il tenero momento (Mozart and Gluck). Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment, Harry Bicket (conductor) Erato Best Recital Disc in 2001 (The Gramophone), German Echo Klassik award, Prix Gabriel Fauré and the Grand Prix (Académie du disque)
2002
Dead Man Walking (Heggie) Susan Graham, Catherine Cook, Robert Orth, Frederica von Stade, Nicolle Foland, David Harper, San Francisco Opera Orchestra, Patrick Summers (conductor). Erato 86238-2
C'est ça la vie, c'est ça l'amour (Songs by Moïse Simons, Messager, Maurice Yvain, Honegger, Hahn, and Mahler) City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra, Yves Abel (conductor). Erato 42106
2003
At Carnegie Hall (Songs by Brahms, Debussy, Berg, Poulenc, Messager, Moïse Simons, Hahn, Mahler, and Ben Moore.) Malcolm Martineau (piano) Erato 2564 60295-2
2004
Songs (Ives) 2005 Grammy Award for Best Classical Vocal Performance. Pierre-Laurent Aimard (piano), Emmanuel Pahud (flute), Tabea Zimmermann (viola). Warner Classics 2564 60297-2 (with Concord Sonata)
Vanessa (Barber). Susan Graham (Erika), Christine Brewer (Vanessa), William Burden (Anatol), Michael Davis, Neal Davies (The Old Doctor), Catherine Wyn-Rogers (Old Baroness), Simon Birchall (Nicholas), Stephen Charlesworth (Footman), BBC Singers (Servants, Guests, Peasants), Anthony Legge (conductor), BBC Symphony Orchestra, Leonard Slatkin (conductor). Chandos CHSA 5032
Les Troyens (Berlioz) – DVD. Susan Graham (Didon), Gregory Kunde (Énée), Laurent Naouri (Narbal), Lydia Korniordou (Andromaque), Mark Padmore (Iopas), Topi Lehtipuu (Hylas/Hélénus), Fernand Bernardi (Ghost of Hector), Danielle Bouthillon (Hécube), Nicolas Courjal (Trojan Guard), Benjamin Davies (Trojan soldier), Frances Jellard (Polyxène), Anna Caterina Antonacci (Cassandre), Ludovic Tézier (Chorèbe), Renata Pokupić (Anna), Quentin Gac (Astyanax), Stéphanie d'Oustrac (Ascagne), Nicolas Testé (Panthée), René Schirrer (Priam), Laurent Alvaro (Trojan Guard), Robert Davies (Greek Captain), Simon Davies (Priest of Pluto), Monteverdi Choir, Chœur du Théâtre du Châtelet, Orchestre Révolutionnaire et Romantique, John Eliot Gardiner (conductor). Opus Arte OA 0900 D
Dido and Aeneas (Purcell) Susan Graham (Dido), Ian Bostridge (Aeneas), Camilla Tilling (Belinda), Felicity Palmer (Sorceress), David Daniels (Spirit), Cécile de Boever (Second Woman), Paul Agnew (A Sailor), Emmanuelle Haïm (conductor), European Voices, Le Concert d'Astrée. Virgin Veritas 45605. Grammy Award nomination. Maria Callas award from the Académie du Disque Lyrique
2005
Poèmes de l'amour – Chausson Poème de l'amour et de la mer; Ravel Shéhérazade; Debussy orch. Adams Songs from Le Livre De Baudelaire BBC Symphony Orchestra, Yan Pascal Tortelier Warner Classics 2564 619382 (CD)
Sacred Songs Renée Fleming (soprano), London Voices, RPO/Delfs. Decca 475 6925. Graham sings a duet with Fleming in "Abends will ich schlafen gehn" from Engelbert Humperdinck's Hänsel und Gretel.
2006
La clemenza di Tito (Mozart). Christoph Prégardien (Tito), Susan Graham (Sesto), Catherine Naglestad (Vitellia), Ekaterina Siurina (Servillia), Hannah Esther Minutillo (Annio), Roland Bracht (Publio). Opus Arte OA 0942 DVD
Werther (Massenet) – DVD Thomas Hampson (Werther), Susan Graham (Charlotte), Sandrine Piau, Stéphane Degout (Albert), Michel Plasson (conductor), Châtelet Opera, Orchestre National du Capitole de Toulouse. Virgin Classics
2008
Berlioz La mort de Cléopâtre Berliner Philharmoniker, Sir Simon Rattle EMI 2162240
Un Frisson Français: A Century of French Song Songs by Georges Bizet, César Franck, Édouard Lalo, Charles Gounod, Camille Saint-Saëns, Emmanuel Chabrier, Émile Paladilhe, Ernest Chausson, Alfred Bachelet, Henri Duparc, Maurice Ravel, André Caplet, Albert Roussel, Olivier Messiaen, Claude Debussy, Gabriel Fauré, Reynaldo Hahn, Erik Satie, Arthur Honegger, Joseph Canteloube, Manuel Rosenthal, and Francis Poulenc. Malcolm Martineau (piano) Onyx Classics ONYX4030
2010
Susan Graham – French Songs Ideale Audience International: 3079128 (DVD)
Mahler: Songs with Orchestra, Susan Graham, Thomas Hampson, San Francisco Symphony, Michael Tilson Thomas Avie: 82193600362
Passing By - Songs by Jake Heggie Avie: AV2198 (singing "A lucky child" from At the Statue of Venus, and "Motherwit" and "Mother in the mirror" from Facing Forward/Looking Back)
References
External links
Susan Graham Operabase
The New York Times Susan Graham news
1960 births
Living people
American women pianists
Manhattan School of Music faculty
Operatic mezzo-sopranos
People from Roswell, New Mexico
People from Midland, Texas
Grammy Award winners
Texas Tech University alumni
Commandeurs of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres
Singers from Texas
Singers from New Mexico
20th-century American women opera singers
20th-century American pianists
21st-century American women opera singers
Classical musicians from Texas
21st-century American pianists
Women music educators
Erato Records artists
American women academics
The list of shipwrecks in 1860 includes ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1860.
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Unknown date
References
Notes
Bibliography
Gaines, W. Craig, Encyclopedia of Civil War Shipwrecks, Louisiana State University Press, 2008 , .
1860
1860
"Save Today" is a song by South African rock band Seether. It was released on 22 September 2015 as the fourth single and final single from their sixth studio album Isolate and Medicate.
This song was inspired by Shaun Morgan's late brother Eugene who committed suicide by jumping out of a hotel window. Shaun said "When I began writing it, it was really simple, but I liked what it was inspiring in me as far as emotion and lyrics. I ran with that." "When we got in the studio with (producer) Brendan O'Brien, it became more interesting. He added some parts and made it prettier."
Charts
References
2014 songs
Seether songs
2015 singles
Songs written by Shaun Morgan
Songs written by Dale Stewart
Songs written by John Humphrey (drummer)
Song recordings produced by Brendan O'Brien (record producer)
Robert "Rob" Douglas (born 1971) is an American professional sailor known for using a kiteboard in speed sailing records attempts. In 2008 Douglas broke the world speed sailing record on a kiteboard, hitting a top speed of 49.84 knots. Douglas again became the holder of the speed record in October 2010 when he was clocked at 55.65 knots.
Biography
Early years
Rob Douglas was born June 16, 1971 in Boston, Massachusetts, USA to a family which operated a sailing business.
Speed sailing record holder
In 2008, Douglas became the first person to set an outright world speed sailing record aboard a kite board, hitting a speed of 49.84 nautical miles per hour. This record proved to be short-lived, however, as another kiteboarder soon broke Douglas's mark, topping the 50 knot sailing barrier for the first time. Later in 2010 Douglas set three new American speed sailing records, being clocked at top speeds of 50.95, 51.88, and 52.58 knots. Another new speed record was set by on October 28, 2010, at the Lüderitz Speed Challenge in Namibia. On that date, in perfect conditions, Douglas was one of five kiteboarders to top the previous record held by a trimaran named Hydroptère. Douglas was the fastest of the fivesome on that day, setting a new world mark of 55.65 knots (103.1 kilometres per hour). Douglas used a Cabrinha Switchblade kite and a custom speed board. Douglas's record setting prowess led to him be nominated by the International Sailing Federation for its 2011 ISAF World Sailor of the Year Awards. In 2012, Douglas won the International Kitesurfing Association Speed World Championships in Salin-de-Giraud, France. In 2016, he defended his 2012 world speed title by winning the 2017 International Kitesurfing Association (IKA) Speed World Championships in Martha's Vineyard USA. In 2018 Douglas won his third speed sailing world crown by winning all 5 races and averaging over 50 knots in Masirah Island, Oman at the IKA world championships. In 2019 Douglas set another kite speed world record (his 3 world record) by sailing an average speed of 39.04 knots over the nautical mile in La Palme, France.
Footnotes
External links
(uploaded November 18, 2010)
1971 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Boston
American kitesurfers
Male kitesurfers
USS Arapaho (AT-14/YT-121) was an Arapaho-class fleet tug that performed various tugboat services for the United States Navy. She was constructed in Seattle, Washington; however, she spent most of her working career on the U.S. East Coast, primarily at Norfolk, Virginia, and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Launched in Seattle, Washington
The name Arapaho (sometimes spelled Arapahoe) was assigned on 9 May 1914 to a tug that had been laid down unnamed on 16 December 1913 at Seattle, Washington, by the Seattle Construction and Drydock Company. Launched on 20 June 1914, Arapaho was delivered to the Navy on 2 December 1914. Placed in an "in service" status as befitting a yard craft, Arapaho performed tug and tow duty at the Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo, California through 1917. Classified as a fleet tug on 15 December 1915, the ship was commissioned on 8 February 1918 at the Mare Island Navy Yard.
World War I service
Ordered to the Atlantic Fleet, Arapaho departed Mare Island, California on 25 February 1918 and, after transiting the Panama Canal, reached Norfolk, Virginia on 6 April. The tug operated with the Atlantic Fleet, primarily out of Norfolk, Virginia, through the armistice of 11 November. Assigned to the Atlantic Fleet Train, Arapaho towed target rafts and barges and performed routine mooring buoy maintenance at Hampton Roads, Virginia, and occasionally ranged with the fleet to Guantanamo and Guayancanabo Bays, Cuba, and Narragansett Bay, Rhode Island.
Post-war service
During the fleet movement to Guantanamo in January 1920, Arapaho — in company with the minesweepers , , , and — towed target rafts and barges to Guantanamo for the fleet's use during the annual winter maneuvers there.
Although detached from the Train on 1 January 1920, Arapaho was apparently not assigned to the 4th Naval District (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) until 29 February. During the first year of operations out of her new home port and yard, she was classified as AT-14 during the fleet-wide assignment of alphanumeric hull numbers on 17 July. That autumn, in company with , she laid out a torpedo range from 19 October-1 November in the lower Potomac River. Upon completion of this duty, Arapaho returned to the Philadelphia Navy Yard for a resumption of her previous duties.
Decommissioning
Arapaho remained assigned to the 4th Naval District until decommissioned at Philadelphia on the afternoon of 6 April 1922. She remained in reserve there – reclassified, while inactive, as a yard tug YT-121 on 27 February 1936 – until struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 22 December. Two days later, Arapaho was ordered to be sold, and she was eventually purchased by A. S. Hughes' Sons, Philadelphia on 5 May 1937.
References
External links
NavSource Online: Service Ship Photo Archive - AT-14 / YT-121 Arapaho
Ships built in Seattle
World War I auxiliary ships of the United States
Tugs of the United States Navy
1914 ships
BVRP Software SA is a Paris-based software company that has purchased American software companies.
A 2007 acquisition placed it, according to one report, as then being the sixth largest publisher of consumer software in the United States.
History
BVRP was started in 1984 by "Bruno Vanryb and Roger Politis, sound engineers." The company's first offering was a modem-based business phone number service, "a database program called Directory."
When their Paris-based company partnered with Hayes Microcomputer Products they increased their range beyond Paris and France "to 62 other countries."
Vanryb claimed that French venture capital companies "prefer to invest in bigger companies, they don't like startups" so he turned to U.S. sources, leading to AvanQuest and VCOM.
Avanquest
Avanquest is a marketing name for PC software such as Avanquest Fix-It Utilities 11 Professional, a collection of optimization tools. In mid 2003 parent company BVRP expanded the Avanquest identity to be Avanquest Global Software Publishing, which it then used to market in Japan and Spain. With Avanquest's 2007 acquisition of Nova Development Corp., "a publisher focusing on the consumer market," BVRP's portfolio reportedly became the fifth or sixth largest publisher of consumer software in the United States.
In 2019, Avanquest had 83 million euro in revenue[footnote] from three main segments:
IT security : antivirus, ad blocker, cleaning and optimization tools sold under the Adaware brand
PDF : PDF management products grouped under the SodaPDF brand
Photo : photo editing software and apps developed under the InPixio brand
()
System Commander was introduced in 1993 by V Communications, sometimes referred to as VCOM.
System Commander included Partition Commander. With the 2005 purchase by BVRP of this company, they were able to compete with PowerQuest (PQ) and its PartitionMagic. PQ's bundle of software included PQboot, competing with System Commander.
Although PowerQuest was acquired by Symantec, which retired this software in 2009, rather than update it to run under Windows Vista, System Commander and Partition Commander have a market: competitor Paragon Software Group released a major new upgrade in 2015.
References
External links
Official website
Software companies of France
Air Commodore Ramesh Sakharam Benegal MVC AVSM (9 October 1926 – April 2003) was an ex-officer of the Indian Air Force and a recipient of Maha Vir Chakra, India's second highest gallantry Award and the Ati Vishisht Seva Medal.
Early life
Ramesh Sakharam Benegal was born on 9 October 1926 in Rangoon, Burma, which was then part of undivided British India to Shri Benegal Sakharam Rao and his wife Kalyani. He was the youngest of his family, with two elder brothers, Dinker and Sumitra. While in high school, he was an enthusiastic member of the Boy Scouts organisation.
Military career
Indian National Army (INA)
In his youth, during the Second World War, Benegal joined the Indian National Army and was chosen to join the Tokyo Boys to train as a fighter pilot. He went on to attend the Imperial Japanese Army Air Force Academy in 1944. However, before he could complete his training and join active operations, the war ended. Held as a prisoner of war after the fall of Japan, Benegal was released in 1946.
Indian Air Force
In May 1950, he joined the Patna flying club to learn flying and earn a commercial flying license. While there, he got the opportunity to try out for the Air Force during an IAF recruitment drive and was selected for IAF training at Air Force Academy Jodhpur. He was commissioned into the Indian Air Force in 1952.
After joining the Indian Air Force, he saw action in both the 1965 and 1971 Indo-Pakistan War.
During the 1971 war, as Wing Commander, he was the Commanding Officer of the No. 106 Squadron IAF, an operational reconnaissance squadron operating Electric Canberras. He carried out a large number of missions over enemy territory in both the western sector and eastern sector and obtained vital information about enemy installations and troop formations. These missions required flying unarmed and unescorted deep into enemy territory for reconnoiter and aerial photography of heavily defended targets. The information brought obtained from these missions facilitated the planning of Army, Air Force and Naval operations and directly contributed to the success of the war effort. He was also known to have never returned from any of these missions without having fully achieved his objectives. For the bravery and leadership displayed in repeatedly flying deep into enemy territory in an unarmed aircraft, Wing Commander Ramesh Sakharam Benegal was awarded the Ati Vishist Seva Medal and the Mahavir Chakra.
He later rose to the rank of Air Commodore before retiring.
References
External links
Fiery Fighter – An obituary by Maj Gen S.G. Vombatkere (Retd) in Sainik Samachar.
Service Record of Air Cmde R.S. Benegal at bharat-rakshak.com
IAF Awards for 106 Squadrons at bharat-rakshak.com
1926 births
2003 deaths
Indian Air Force officers
Indian aviators
Indian National Army personnel
Pilots of the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965
Pilots of the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971
Indian military personnel of the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971
Recipients of the Maha Vir Chakra
Recipients of the Ati Vishisht Seva Medal
Konkani people
"Game Ogre" is the 8th episode of the supernatural drama television series Grimm of season 1 and mid-season premiere, which premiered on January 13, 2012, on NBC. The episode was written by producer Cameron Litvack and consulting producer Thania St. John, and was directed by Terrence O'Hara.
Plot
Opening quote: "Fee fi fo fum... I smell the blood of an Englishman..."
A judge, Logan Patterson (Anthony De Longis), is violently attacked and killed in his home by an intruder (Eric Edelstein). Sgt. Wu (Reggie Lee) and a fellow police officer are called to the break-in and report the homicide. Elsewhere, in a car, the man treats his wounds. Nick (David Giuntoli) and Hank (Russell Hornsby) investigate and find fingerprints on a gavel used in the killing. Later, Hank reports to Captain Renard (Sasha Roiz) that the gavel revealed traces of the DNA of a jury foreman. Hank, Renard and the PPD visit the foreman's house and discover his corpse.
The foreman was holding a woman's watch, so Nick and Hank go to Monroe (Silas Weir Mitchell), who is a jeweler, for help. Monroe discovers the watch was owned by Mary Robinson, an assistant DA. Police arrive at her home to find her dead. Hank now realizes the murderer is Oleg Stark, a contract killer, and he is killing the people who sent him to jail. Moreover, Hank himself is a target. Captain Renard suspends Hank for his safety. Nick searches through Aunt Marie's books for information on Stark's possible Wesen form.
Nick arrives home and is attacked by Stark, who demands to know where Hank is. While fighting, Nick sees Stark in creature form and Stark discovers Nick is a Grimm. Juliette (Bitsie Tulloch) arrives and throws boiling water on Stark, who escapes. Nick is transferred to the hospital. Monroe visits Nick and realizes that Stark is a Siegbarste. Nick sends Monroe to Aunt Marie's trailer to prepare poisoned bullets and a rifle: the only weapon that can kill a Siegbarste.
Hank lures Stark to a quarry while Monroe follows with the rifle. Stark brutally attacks Hank but Monroe manages to kill the Siegbarste without Hank seeing him. At the station, Captain Renard chastises Hank for his insubordinate actions and tells him that the bullets that killed Stark are for a rare, more than 100-year-old English rifle that was used as an elephant gun. Hank asks who would possess such a thing and Renard replies “That is something I would very much like to know”.
Reception
Viewers
The episode was viewed by 4.65 million people, earning a 1.4/4 in the 18-49 rating demographics on the Nielson ratings scale, marking a 10% decrease in viewership and ranking third in its timeslot and ranking seventh for the night in the 18–49 demographics, behind two episodes of Extreme Makeover: Home Edition, Kitchen Nightmares, 20/20, CSI: NY, and Blue Bloods. This means that 1.4 percent of all households with televisions watched the episode, while 4 percent of all households watching television at that time watched it.
Critical reviews
"Game Ogre" received positive reviews. The A.V. Club's Kevin McFarland gave the episode a "B−" grade and wrote, "Grimm is about as minor of a hit as possible thanks to being on NBC, but it's sticking around admirably. It holds onto a decent Friday night audience week after week, and turns out consistently average episodes that hold my attention, but we've hit a bit of a rough patch, where the fairy tales are window dressing, plot movement is still barely taking baby steps, and Nick is literally sidelined at the most important time during a case. Stranding a protagonist with a witty, knowledgeable buddy instead of a mentor is already tenuous, but Grimm feels even more in flux than that, almost so surprised of how assured its status is through the end of the season that it doesn't know which direction to go. Does it need more character development for the soon-to-be-engaged couple, retooling to make Eddie Monroe more of a lead, or a toned down amount of fairy tale references? Tonight's episode was a mix of all three, and only the Monroe change made a positive difference."
Nick McHatton from TV Fanatic, gave a 4.5-star rating out of 5, stating: "Overall, 'Game Ogre' was a fun change of pace for a series that hasn't taken many risks other than its premise, and it paid off beautifully. Now if only I knew what Renard was thinking about at the end."
References
External links
Grimm (season 1) episodes
2012 American television episodes
Özyurt, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey. The village is populated by Kurds.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Kurdish settlements in Ankara Province
The 2012 Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference men's basketball tournament took place March 5–10, 2012 at the Lawrence Joel Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. Norfolk State won the tournament and received an automatic bid into the 2012 NCAA Tournament. The 2012 championship game will be televised on ESPN2 at 1:00 PM eastern on March 10. This will be the final year in Winston-Salem, as the Tournament will move to Norfolk, VA beginning in 2013.
Format
With Savannah State and North Carolina Central now in the MEAC as full Division I members, the MEAC will have a new format for the 2012 tournament. The top three seeds will receive a first round bye.
Bracket
References
Tournament
MEAC men's basketball tournament
Dasari Ramakotiah Institute of Science and Technology, popularly known to as "DRKIST", is an engineering college affiliated to the Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University. It is approved by AICTE, New Delhi, and permitted by the government of Telangana.
See also
Education in India
Literacy in India
List of institutions of higher education in Telangana
References
External links
Official website
Engineering colleges in Telangana
2004 establishments in Andhra Pradesh
Educational institutions established in 2004
Söhlde is a village and a municipality in the district of Hildesheim, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 20 km east of Hildesheim, and 10 km northwest of Salzgitter.
Notable residents
Gottfried von Cramm (1909-1976), German tennis player
Otto Ohlendorf (1907-1951, executed), SS general and Holocaust perpetrator, executed for war crimes
References
Hildesheim (district)
The 2007 Japan Le Mans Challenge season was the second for the Japan Le Mans Challenge, a series created by the SERO and sanctioned by the ACO. It began on May 13, 2007 and ended on October 27, 2007 after 4 races.
Schedule
On October 29, 2006, during the Okayama 1000 km, SERO announced their schedule for the 2007 season, adding a fourth race at Fuji.
Season results
Overall winner in bold.
External links
JLMC Official Website (English)
World Sports Racing Prototypes – Results
Japan Le Mans Challenge
Le Mans Challenge
By the Blue Hawaiian Waters is a piece of light classical music for orchestra by Albert Ketèlbey. He composed the "tone-picture" in 1927. The piece was published by Bosworth the same year.
History
Some of the music of By the Blue Hawaiian Waters had been incidental music in a play Ye Gods in 1916. Ketèlbey wrote the "tone-picture" in 1927. It was probably first performed in Harrogate the same year, and published that year, also in versions with piano.
Theme and music
A synopsis of scenes by the composer mentions that after a short introduction and a vigorous hula dance, a lover plays his "native love-call", followed by the "Song of the Hula Girl". The work is concluded by a lively dance at a betrothal ceremony.
The piece in C major and common time is marked Allegretto dolce (with flowing movement). The melody of the love-call is played by the clarinet.
In 1929, it was recorded, conducted by the composer. He made only minor cuts, and added a Hawaiian guitar, played by Len Fellis, "a star of many a dance band". Ketèlbey replaced the clarinet by an alto saxophone for the love-call, making it "one of the earliest recordings of a standard orchestra to include a saxophone". It was reissued in 2002 in a collection of his light music. A review notes that the work "treads a dangerous and ultimately unsuccessfully schizophrenic path between the hula and urbane romanticism."
A recording with Frieder Weissmann conducting the Berliner Symphoniker, possibly in March 1931, also used the saxophone and Hawaiian guitar, but additionally gong, xylophone and a men's chorus singing without words, because it was coupled with In a Chinese Temple Garden which requires the larger ensemble.
References
External links
The Music of Albert W. Ketèlbey / A Catalogue, compiled by Tom McCanna
Philip L. Scowcroft: Monastery Garden and Persian Market / The Travels of Albert W. Ketèlbey
1927 compositions
Compositions by Albert Ketèlbey
Compositions in C major
To address the prevalence of food deserts and diet-related illness in the U.S. state of New York, and to promote sustainable, Local food, the New York State Food Policy Council was founded on May 20, 2007 by Governor Eliot Spitzer's Executive Order No. 13. The council coordinates state agriculture policy and makes recommendations to the governor regarding policies that will ensure the availability of safe, fresh, nutritious, and affordable food for New Yorkers. While focusing on increasing access to healthy food options for low-income residents, seniors, and children, the council also works to promote New York agricultural products to New York consumers, with a special emphasis on expanding the consumer market for organic food.
In addition to coordinating food policy, the council will develop a strategic plan to ensure access to affordable, fresh, healthy, nutritious food and expand agricultural production, especially locally grown and organically grown food. The sale of organic food is an emerging market, with more than $13 billion spent on organic food in 2005.
In January 2011, under Executive Order No. 2: Review, Continuation and Expiration of Prior Executive Orders, Gov. Cuomo approved the continuation of Spitzer's Executive Order No. 13: Establishing the New York State Council on Food Policy.
Members
The council includes 21 representatives from all areas of the food system, including the heads of the following six agencies: Agriculture, Health, Office of Temporary and Disability Assistance, Aging, Economic Development, and the Consumer Protection Board. Other members are appointed by the governor and include the dean of the New York State College of Agriculture and Life Sciences; 1 farm organization representative; 1 school food administrator; 1 consumer representative; 2 food assistance organization representatives; 1 nutritionist; 1 anti-hunger advocate; and 3 representatives from the food industry at large. There will also be four appointed positions for members with experience and expertise related to agriculture, nutrition or food policy that will be recommended by the Temporary President of the Senate, the Speaker of the Assembly, the Minority Leader of the Senate, and the Minority Leader of the Assembly.
With its members announced on September 19, 2007, they included
Linda Bopp, executive director of the Nutrition Consortium of New York State
Bruce Both, president of the United Food and Commercial Workers Union; Local 1500
Michael Burgess, director of the Office for the Aging
Dr. Richard Daines, commissioner of the New York State Department of Health
Raymond Denniston, food service director of the Johnson City Central School District and Co-Chair of the New York State Farm to School Coordinating Committee
Diane Eggert, executive director of the Farmers Market Federation of New York
John Evers, executive director of the Food Bank Association of New York State
Daniel Gundersen, upstate chair of Empire State Development Corporation
David Hansell, commissioner of the Office of Temporary and Disability Assistance
Dr. Susan Henry, dean of Cornell University's College of Agriculture and Life Sciences
Richard Mills, commissioner of the State Education Department
Cathryn Mizbani, senior extension administrator and WIC program coordinator of the Cornell University Cooperative Extension of Schenectady County
William Rapfogel, executive director and chief executive officer of Metropolitan Council on Jewish Poverty
Irwin Simon, founder, chairman, president and chief executive officer of the Hain Celestial Group, Inc.
Julie Suarez, director of public policy for the New York Farm Bureau
Mary Warr Cowans, RD, CDN, and associate director of the Division of Nutrition at the New York State Department of Health
Eleanor Wilson, corporate dietician for Price Chopper Supermarkets, Inc.
Catherine Young, New York state senator
Public hearing
Given a need to gather input from New York citizens, the council has undertaken a "listening tour" in which members have engaged with New Yorkers through public hearings around the State. Citizen input gathered through the tour will help the council formulate policy initiatives and can be found online.
References
Organizations based in New York City
RTV Sana or Radio televizija Sana is a local Bosnian public cable television channel based in Sanski Most municipality. It was established in 2016 when local Radio Sana started television broadcasting.
RTV Sana broadcasts a variety of programs such as local news, local sports, mosaic and documentaries. Program is mainly produced in Bosnian language.
Radio Sana is also part of public municipality services.
References
External links
Official website of RTV Sana
Communications Regulatory Agency of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Television channels and stations established in 2016
Television stations in Bosnia and Herzegovina
In algebraic geometry, Du Bois singularities are singularities of complex varieties studied by .
gave the following characterisation of Du Bois singularities. Suppose that is a reduced closed subscheme of a smooth scheme .
Take a log resolution of in that is an isomorphism outside , and let be the reduced preimage of in . Then has Du Bois singularities if and only if the induced map is a quasi-isomorphism.
References
Singularity theory
Algebraic geometry
Teresa González de Fanning (Nepeña District, Ancash Region, Peru, 12 August 1836 - Miraflores District, Lima, 7 April 1918) was a Peruvian writer and journalist notable for her activism in the education of women. She founded the Liceo Fanning (1881), a women's college, where she implemented her educational approaches. Although a somewhat forgotten figure, she is deemed as the precursor to the integral education of women, with practical connotations (including labor formation) as a form of attaining liberation from the patriarchy. This is notable because, at the time, Peruvian society still considered that female education should only be aimed at improving their role as housewives. She was the widow of Juan Fanning, a Peruvian war hero who perished during the Battle of Miraflores in the War of the Pacific.
Career
A collection of her articles, which were published in El Comercio, were compiled in a booklet entitled Female Education (1898). It was highly critical about women's education, which till then, was exclusively geared to prepare for marriage and motherhood. Gonzalez rejected this type of curriculum, promoting in its place the study of music, writing and mathematics as broader preparation with a practical connotation. She favored job training which would provide a source of income, allowing women to emancipate themselves from dependence on a husband. At lower levels, she suggested a more practical life skills education to learn a trade. On another level, she described a more enlightened education, within scientific and philosophical disciplines. Her views were recognized as a precursor to modern educational programs for women.
Selected works
Ambición y abnegación (1886)
Regina (1886)
Indómita (1904)
Roque Moreno (1904)
Lucecitas (1893)
References
Further reading
Basadre, Jorge: Historia de la República del Perú. 1822 - 1933, Octava Edición, corregida y aumentada. Vol. 9, Pg. 2166. Editada por el Diario "La República" de Lima y la Universidad "Ricardo Palma". Impreso en Santiago de Chile, 1998.
Clark, Emily Joy: "Risky Business, Gender Roles, and Reform in Regina (1886) by Teresa González de Fanning." Revista de Estudios Hispánicos 49.3 (2015): 433-56.
Denegri, Francesca: El Abanico y la Cigarrera. La primera generación de mujeres ilustradas en el Perú. Lima, 1996.
García y García, Elvira: La mujer peruana a través de los siglos (Tomo II). Lima, 1925.
Tauro del Pino, Alberto: Enciclopedia Ilustrada del Perú. Tercera Edición. Tomo 7. FER-GUZ. Lima, PEISA, 2001.
Varios autores: Grandes Forjadores del Perú. Lima, Lexus Editores, 2000.
External links
Institución Educativa Teresa González de Fanning
1836 births
1918 deaths
People from Santa Province
19th-century Peruvian writers
20th-century Peruvian writers
19th-century Peruvian women writers
20th-century Peruvian women writers
Peruvian women journalists
University and college founders
Woman founders
Koen Gijsbers (born 22 August 1958) is a former Dutch sprinter and middle-distance runner. He competed in the men's 400 metres at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Statistics
Personal bests
Source:
Indoor
Outdoor
Season's best
Source:
Indoor
Outdoor
References
1958 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Dutch male sprinters
Olympic athletes of the Netherlands
Place of birth missing (living people)
Medalists at the 1979 Summer Universiade
Universiade silver medalists for the Netherlands
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
20th-century Dutch people
21st-century Dutch people
Millsfield is a township in Coös County, New Hampshire, United States. It is part of the Berlin, NH–VT Micropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 25 at the 2020 census.
In New Hampshire, locations, grants, townships (which are different from towns), and purchases are unincorporated portions of a county which are not part of any town and have limited self-government (if any, as many are uninhabited).
History
In 1774, Millsfield was granted to George Boyd and others and contained about . It was named in honor of Sir Thomas Mills. In 1952, Millsfield was organized for voting purposes.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the township has a total area of , of which are land and , or 0.89%, are water. Millsfield Pond is in the center of the township. The outlet, Millsfield Pond Brook, flows northeast to Clear Stream at the eastern boundary of the township. Clear Stream, which crosses the northeast corner of the township, is an east-flowing tributary of the Androscoggin River. The southeast part of the township also drains to the Androscoggin River, via Newell Brook and the outlet of Moose Pond. The southwest part of the township is drained by Phillips Brook, a south-flowing tributary of the Upper Ammonoosuc River and part of the Connecticut River watershed.
Millsfield is bordered to the west by Erving's Location and Odell, to the north by Dixville, to the east by Errol, and to the south by Dummer.
New Hampshire Route 26 crosses the northeast part of Millsfield, following Clear Stream. To the northwest it leads over Dixville Notch to Colebrook, while to the southeast it leads into Errol and then continues to the Maine border. Millsfield has the only road that leads to Erving's Location, an uninhabited township. The road goes to the north of Mount Kelsey, the highest point in Millsfield at above sea level.
Politics
New Hampshire law allows towns with fewer than 100 residents to open the polls at midnight and close them as soon as all registered voters have cast their ballots. Beginning in 2016, Millsfield became the third town in New Hampshire with midnight voting.
Election results
Boldfaced names indicate the ultimate nationwide winner of each contest:
2016
In July 2016 residents voted to seek incorporation as a town. Legislative action will be required to implement this process.
2020
Demographics
As of the 2000 census, there were 22 people, 8 households, and 5 families residing in the township. The population density was 0.5 people per square mile (0.2/km2). There were 62 housing units at an average density of 1.4 per square mile (0.5/km2). The racial makeup of the township was 100.00% White.
There were 8 households, out of which 12.5% (one) had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.5% (three) were married couples living together, 25.0% (two) had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.5% (three) were non-families. 37.5% (three) of all households were made up of individuals, and 25.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.80.
In the township the population was spread out, with 13.6% (three) under the age of 18, 9.1% (two) from 18 to 24, 22.7% (five) from 25 to 44, 9.1% (two) from 45 to 64, and 45.5% (10) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 52 years. For every 100 females, there were 37.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 46.2 males.
The median income for a household in the township was $59,375, and the median income for a family was $59,375. Males had a median income of $38,750 versus $0 for females. The per capita income for the township was $13,063. None of the population or the families were below the poverty line.
See also
Dixville Notch, New Hampshire
Hart's Location, New Hampshire
References
Townships in Coös County, New Hampshire
Berlin, New Hampshire micropolitan area
Townships in New Hampshire
María Luisa Robledo (28 September 1912 – 26 October 2005) was a Spanish film and television actress. She was married to the actor Pedro Aleandro. Their daughters María Vaner and Norma Aleandro were also actresses.
Filmography
References
Bibliography
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
External links
1912 births
2005 deaths
Spanish film actresses
People from Madrid
Spanish emigrants to Argentina
Albert Adeoye Ilemobade (12 April 1936 – 21 June 2015) was one of Nigeria's leading veterinary parasitologists who had a distinguished career in Nigeria and internationally.
He was born in Ondo State in 1936 and was educated at University of Ibadan, Oklahoma State University, Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria and University of Minnesota, St Paul He served as consultant to the World Health Organization on Tse-tse fly and Trypanosomiasis as well as consultant to Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations. He served as Vice chancellor of the Federal University of Technology, Akure for 7 years (from 1988 to 1995) before he retired from the civil service in 1995.
Abduction and death
Ilemobade was kidnapped on June 22, 2015 by two of his domestic workers, Daniel Ita, his security guard and Yemi Bamitale, his driver who had been sacked few months before the incident.
The plot to murder him was hatched on June 21, by these housekeepers following a failed attempt by Ita, his driver to sellhis Toyota SUV car.
On June 29, 2015, his decomposed body was found in his residence at Ijapo estate in Akure, following a reminiscent of the smell of his body decomposition.
In an interview with Thisday, Bamitale claimed that Ilemobade was lured out of his house by Daniel, his gate-keeper under the pretense of electric spark within the house and the University Don was strangled to death in front of the gate where he lost the battle to the culprits. Bamitale further stressed that they went back into the house to loot the Professor's mobile phones, iPad, laptop, N7,000 and his Toyota SUV car. The culprits, Bamitale and Ita left for Ogun State that night but was arrested by officers of the Federal Road Safety Corps for driving with invalid vehicle documents but were later released after they paid for the release of the vehicle.
They were apprehended in Ogun State in an attempt to sell the vehicle by officers of the Ogun State Police Command who were invited by the buyer of the car on the basis of the fact that the price placed on the car by the culprit was suspicious and ridiculous.
Family
Professor Ilemobade was married to Christiana Olakitan (née Akinrodoye).
References
1941 births
2015 deaths
Nigerian educational theorists
Nigerian writers
Nigerian veterinarians
Norair Mikaelian (born 18 September 1990), better known as Noel Gevor, is an Armenian-German professional boxer. He held the WBO Youth world and WBO International cruiserweight title in 2014 and 2016. He is the step-son of former European middleweight champion Khoren Gevor.
Professional career
Gevor made his professional debut against Adam Gadajew on 27 May 2011. He won the fight on points after four rounds. Gevor amassed an 18–0 record during the next four years, before being booked to fight Daniel Alejandro Sanabria for the vacant WBO International cruiserweight title on 5 September 2015, the first regional championship of his career. He captured the vacant belt by unanimous decision, with scores of 99–90, 98–91 and 100–89. Gevor made his first title defense against Valery Brudov on 9 January 2016. He won the fight by unanimous decision, with two scorecards of 99–91 and one scorecard of 98–92. Gevor made his second title defense against Cristian Javier Medina on 7 May 2016. He won the fight by unanimous decision, with all three judges scoring the bout 98–92 in his favor. Gevor made his third title defense against Stephen Simmons on 14 October 2016. He won the fight by split decision, with scores of 116–112, 116–112 and 113–116.
On 28 April 2017, it was announced that Gevor would face Krzysztof Włodarczyk in an IBF cruiserweight title eliminator. The bout headlined a card which took place at the Hala Arena in Poznań, Poland on 20 May 2017. He lost the fight by split decision. One judge scored the bout 115–113 in his favor, while the remaining two judges scored it 116–112 and 115–114 for Włodarczyk.
Gevor faced the #1 seed of the 2018 World Boxing Cruiserweight Super Series on 10 November 2018, in the main event of an ESPN broadcast card, which took place at the Credit Union 1 Arena in Chicago, Illinois. Briedis won the fight by unanimous decision, with scores of 114–112, 115–111 and 116–110.
Gevor faced Jesse Bryan for the vacant WBC International cruiserweight title on 12 December 2020, following an eighteen-month absence from the sport. He won the fight by a fourth-round technical knockout. Gevor next faced the former WBA interim cruiserweight champion Youri Kalenga on 12 February, this time coming back from a fourteen-month absence from the sport. He won the fight by unanimous decision, with scores of 119–109, 118–108 and 117–111.
Professional boxing record
See also
Armenians in Germany
References
External links
Noel Gevor - Profile, News Archive & Current Rankings at Box.Live
Living people
1990 births
German male boxers
Armenian emigrants to Germany
Sportspeople from Yerevan
Cruiserweight boxers
Incumbents
President: Luis Guillermo Solís
First Vice President: Helio Fallas Venegas
Second Vice President: Ana Helena Chacón Echeverría
Events
August 5–21 – 11 athletes from Costa Rica competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
References
2010s in Costa Rica
Years of the 21st century in Costa Rica
Costa Rica
Aziz Nasirzadeh (; born 1965) is an Islamic Republic of Iran Army Brigadier General and Deputy of Chief of Staff for the Armed Forces of the Islamic Republic of Iran since September 2021. He was the commander of the Iranian Air Force from August 2018 to September 2021. He previously served as Chief of Staff of the Iranian Air Force. He is a veteran of the Iran-Iraq War and also a certified F-14 pilot.
References
Living people
Islamic Republic of Iran Army brigadier generals
Commanders of Islamic Republic of Iran Air Force
Islamic Republic of Iran Army personnel of the Iran–Iraq War
1965 births
People from Sarab, East Azerbaijan
Parapsestis pseudomaculata is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Constant Vincent Houlbert in 1921. It is found in the Chinese provinces of Shaanxi, Gansu, Hubei, Hunan, Sichuan and Yunnan and in Myanmar.
References
Moths described in 1921
Thyatirinae
Moths of Asia
The FBI Special Advisor Program is an internal consulting and leadership development rotational program of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). The group consists of recent graduates from the top Master of Business Administration (MBA) programs. FBI Special Advisors are primarily responsible for serving in an advisory capacity to the FBI Senior Executive team and completing "management" type of issues.
History
The FBI Special Advisor Program evolved from a 2002 effort by the FBI's Finance Division to recruit new talent from top business schools. Initially, one graduate of Harvard Business School was hired to work in the Director's Office. In 2003, another Harvard Business School graduate joined the FBI to work for the Chief Financial Officer. The work of these two merited the attention of the FBI's senior leadership and led to a proposal for a formal business school recruiting program. In 2007, executives from 25 FBI divisions participated in the three-year-old Special Advisor Program.
Past responsibilities
In the past, the FBI Special Advisors have been responsible for:
implementing the balanced scorecard strategic planning tool at the FBI,
restructuring the 1000-employee Human Resources division to achieve improvements in productivity and customer service,
coordinating the development of an information technology (IT) system for managing crises and special events,
re-engineering the background investigation process to improve time-to-hire for new FBI employees,
leading a team to develop and implement a career path, training and development for the FBI's Intelligence Analyst workforce,
developing a leadership development strategy and succession planning model, and
implementing a consolidated contract for relocation services, resulting in a US$38 million savings
References
Federal Bureau of Investigation
The 2019 Vanderbilt Commodores football team represented Vanderbilt University in the 2019 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Commodores played their home games at Vanderbilt Stadium in Nashville, Tennessee, and competed in the Eastern Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). They were led by sixth-year head coach Derek Mason.
Previous season
The Commodores finished the 2018 season 6–7, 3–5 in SEC play to finish in sixth place in the Eastern Division. They went to the Texas Bowl and lost 38-45 to Baylor. On January 11, 2019, Vanderbilt offensive coordinator Andy Ludwig was hired to take the same position at Utah, leaving the position vacant. On January 31, 2019, Vanderbilt special teams coach Shawn Mennenga left to take the same position for the Green Bay Packers, leaving the position vacant. On February 8, 2019, Gerry Gdowski, Vanderbilt's quarterbacks coach, was promoted to fill the offensive coordinator vacancy.
Recruiting
Position key
Recruits
Preseason
SEC media poll
The 2019 SEC Media Days were held July 15–18 in Birmingham, Alabama. In the preseason media poll, Vanderbilt was projected to finish in last in the East Division.
Preseason All-SEC teams
The Commodores had three players selected to the preseason all-SEC teams.
Offense
2nd team
Ke'Shawn Vaughn – RB
Kalija Lipscomb – WR
Jared Pinkney – TE
Schedule
Schedule Source:
Game summaries
Week 1: vs. #3 Georgia
at Purdue
LSU
Northern Illinois
at Ole Miss
UNLV
Missouri
at South Carolina
at Florida
Kentucky
East Tennessee State
at Tennessee
Players drafted into the NFL
References
Vanderbilt
Vanderbilt Commodores football seasons
Vanderbilt Commodores football
A screw cap is a metal, normally aluminium, cap that screws onto threads on the neck of a wine bottle, generally with a metal skirt down the neck to resemble the traditional wine capsule ("foil"). A layer of plastic (often PVDC), cork, rubber, or other soft material is used as wad to make a seal with the mouth of the bottle. Its use as an alternative to cork for sealing wine bottles is gaining increasing support. In markets such as Australia and New Zealand screw caps on bottles have overtaken cork to become the most common means of sealing bottles.
Benefits and concerns
Compared to cork, screw caps reduce the wine faults of oxidation and of cork taint, although it is possible to find TCA contamination in a screw cap bottle. Screw caps are generally perceived as easier to open and they are much easier to reseal. Screw caps have a much lower failure rate than cork, and in theory will allow a wine to reach the customer in perfect condition, with a minimum of bottle variation. However, cork has a centuries-old tradition behind it, and there are also concerns about the impact of screw caps on the aging of those few wines that require decades to be at their best. Some argue that the slow ingress of oxygen plays a vital role in aging a wine, while others argue that this amount is almost zero in a sound cork and that any admitted oxygen is harmful.
Producers in Champagne have aged their wines under crown cap for quite some time; however, the crown cap is replaced by the traditional cork at the end of the second fermentation.
The converse of oxidation is reduction, and it has been suggested that screwcapped wine leads to increased reduced characters if the underlying chemistry of the wine is reductive. These include a sulfide smell which in some circumstances adds a pleasant pungency to the wine, or may be distasteful.
Stelvin screw caps
The best known brand of wine screw caps is Stelvin. The caps have a long outside skirt, intended to resemble the traditional wine capsule ("foil"), and use plastic PVDC (Polyvinylidene chloride) as a neutral liner on the inside wadding.
The Stelvin was developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s by a French company Le Bouchage Mécanique at the behest of Peter Wall, the then Production Director of the Australian Yalumba winery. In 1964 Peter Wall approached Le Bouchage Mécanique. The Stelvin cap was trialled in 1970 and 1971 with the Swiss wine Chasselas, which was particularly affected by cork taint, and was first used commercially in 1972 by the Swiss winery Hammel. From about 1973 Yalumba and a group of other wineries - Hardys, McWilliams, Penfolds, Seppelt, Brown Bros and Tahbilk - were involved in developing and proving up the concept and began using it commercially in 1976.
Le Bouchage Mécanique was later acquired by Pea-Pechiney, which became part of Alcan, then Rio Tinto Alcan and now Amcor. The brand was developed by Rio Tinto Alcan. It was trademarked in 1975.
It was preceded as a closure by a Stelcap/cork combination (closed with cork, with a Stelcap on top): the Stelcap was also a long-skirted screw cap, but with a different inner lining (paper over cork, instead of PVDC or PVDC covered by foil-covered paper in a Stelvin).
In 2005, a modified Stelvin cap, Stelvin Lux, was introduced. Like the standard Stelvin cap, the outer shell is aluminium, but there is no externally visible screw thread or knurling, giving the closure a cleaner look more like a traditional foil capsule. Internally, there is a pre-formed thread, and the sealing materials are the same as the standard Stelvin cap.
Adoption
In the UK, acceptance by consumers more than doubled, from 41% in 2003 to 85% in 2011.
Screw caps were widely adopted in the 1980s by Swiss winemakers, and have shown increasingly wide adoption in the succeeding years.
Screw caps met with customer resistance in Australia and New Zealand, and were phased out in the early 1980s, only to be reintroduced gradually in the 1990s to capitalise on the emerging Chinese market. Since reintroduction, ever-increasing numbers of winemakers are using the screw cap within Australia and New Zealand. In New Zealand, adoption went from 1% in 2001 to 70% in 2004. Screw cap adoption in fine wines in Australia has proceeded in fits and starts. In July 2000, a group of Clare Valley Riesling producers, led by Jeffrey Grosset bottled a portion of their wines in screw cap, and earlier that year PlumpJack Winery announced it would bottle half its production of US$130 1997 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon in screwcap. Other announcements have followed, including one from Bonny Doon Vineyard in July 2002 that 80,000 cases of its "Big House" red and white wine would be bottled under screwcaps - followed by almost all the rest of its production by late 2004 (200,000 cases total).
Domaine Laroche in Chablis, France has been bottling its Chablis, Premier Cru and Grand Cru under screw caps since 2001 vintage.
In July 2004 Corbett Canyon became the first US a million plus case brand to switch to screw caps for its entire production, shipping just over three million cases a year.
Some appellations ban the use of screw caps, including () Valpolicella Classico. In 2008, the ban led Italian producer Allegrini to withdraw from the Valpolicella Classico denomination in order to use a screw cap.
See also
Cork material
Closure (wine bottle)
Alternative wine closures
Cork taint
Stopper (plug)
Screw cap
References
Wine packaging and storage
Threading (manufacturing)
Airport Residential Area is a town in the Accra Metropolitan district, a district of the Greater Accra Region of Ghana.
References
Populated places in the Greater Accra Region
Statistics for the 2003 season of the Lao League.
Overview
MCTPC FC (Ministry of Communication, Transportation, Post and Construction), described in the source as Telecom and Transportation, won the championship.
References
Lao Premier League seasons
1
Laos
Laos
Gnathophis macroporis, the largepore conger, is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Emma Stanislavovna Karmovskaya and John Richard Paxton in 2000. It is a marine, temperate water-dwelling eel which is known from Victoria, Australia, in the eastern Indian Ocean. It is known to dwell at a depth of 164 metres.
References
macroporis
Taxa named by Emma Stanislavovna Karmovskaya
Taxa named by John Richard Paxton
Fish described in 2000
İkipınar, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Isle of Ely Rowing Club is a rowing club on the River Great Ouse based at Kiln Lane, Prickwillow Road, Ely, Cambridgeshire.
The club was founded in 2004 and has experienced major national success in recent years.
Honours
National champions
References
Sport in Cambridgeshire
Rowing clubs in Cambridgeshire
Rowing clubs in England
Rowing clubs of the River Great Ouse
St Mary's, Staines, is a Church of England parish church in the town and parish of Staines-upon-Thames, in the Spelthorne borough of Surrey and the Greater London Urban Area. The parish is in the Archdeaconry of Middlesex in the Diocese of London. The church building is on an unusual rise against the Thames at the west end of the town. It has been a Grade II* listed building since 11 August 1952.
History
History of the building
The mound on which the church stands commands views over its wide spur of land between the discharge of the Colne and the Thames. This suggests that the first church was built on the site of an older, pre-Christian place of worship. Celtic remains have been found at Church Island south of the church, which before the navigability of the Thames was accessible in times of low flow by a ford.
There is a misconception that the first church on this site was built in AD 685. The earliest written evidence of a church building is dated 1179, but it may have existed by 1100.
The oldest surviving part of the church is the tower, on which a plaque says it was designed by Inigo Jones and built in 1631. A large part of the body of the church collapsed in the 1820s, so a new chancel was begun after a private Act of Parliament was passed allowing what remained of the old church to be blown up. In 1827 the last remnants of the earlier St Mary's were destroyed. The present ed nave was designed by John Burges Watson and building began the following year. In 1885 a semicircular apse with three windows was added to the chancel and the organ was moved to its current position. After the Second World War the stone pinnacles of the tower were removed as unsafe, possibly due to a bomb landing in Wraysbury Road during the war.
Fiscal history of the church until the commutation of the tithes
The rectory, consisting after 1217–18 solely of tithes, was appropriated in 1222 to the guest-house and infirmary of Westminster Abbey. In 1225 and until after 1291 it belonged to its "hosteler" alone. Its value, including its chapels of Ashford and Laleham, was £46 13s. 4d. in 1291 per annum. After the Dissolution of the Monasteries in the 16th century the rectory passed into lay hands, and from 1725 to 1844 belonged to the Coussmaker family of Westwood, Surrey. In 1842, when Staines parishioners commuted (ended the main financial liability for and converted) the tithes, the great tithes of Staines alone (excluding the lesser tithes and the two old, seceded parishes) were worth £365 (per annum) which was compensated to the Coussmakers. As in most vicarages, widely (across the parish) the chancel repair liability on the parish's landowners has been since, technically, apportioned.
Items of interest
Stained glass
The Trident Memorial Window commemorates the 1972 Staines air disaster, the worst air disaster in Britain prior to the Pan Am Flight 103 bombing over Lockerbie in Scotland. The then Bishop of Kensington, Michael Colclough, presided over a service blessing the window at its installation in 2004.
One of the 19th-century windows in the apse was given by the Crown Prince and Crown Princess of Prussia (the latter being the Princess Royal, Queen Victoria's eldest daughter). They gave it in memory of the governess to the Prussian royal children, Augusta Maria Byng, who once lived in Binbury Row.
Organ
The Brindley & Foster organ, thought to date from the early 1870s, was dismantled for restoration in 1973. After examining the mechanical action, the restorers, Bishop and Sons, determined that the organ was built before 1830. However, an account in a church magazine from the 1870s indicates that the organ was installed in the church in 1871. It is thus probable that Brindley & Foster took the instrument over from its original builder, enlarged and renovated it. The organ was removed in 1885 from its original location in the gallery at the back of the nave and re-installed on the ground behind the choir stalls.
Bells
St Mary's has a ring of eight bells, all cast by the Whitechapel Bell Foundry. Richard Phelps cast six of the bells in 1734. In 1829 Thomas II Mears cast the treble and second bells and recast the tenor. The five surviving Phelps bells are listed for preservation by the Council for the Care of Churches.
A 1999 survey revealed cracks in three of the bells, so in 2002 Whites of Appleton removed them from the tower, repaired the cracked bells and then sent them all to the Whitechapel Bell Foundry for re-tuning. Thereafter the bells were rehung with new wheels, headstocks and other fittings, and reconsecrated by Bishop Edward Holland at a service that same year.
Tombs
Notable people buried at St Mary's include:
Augusta Maria Byng, governess to the future Kaiser Wilhelm II and the other children of the Crown Prince and Crown Princess of Prussia.
François-Henri, duc d'Harcourt, representative of the exiled Louis XVIII to the United Kingdom and member of the Académie Française
Letitia, Lady Lade, beauty, horsewoman, and mistress of highwayman Jack Rann and the Duke of York
The chest tomb of George Hawkins (died 1761) and his wife Elizabeth is Grade II listed.
George Gammon Adams, an English portrait sculptor and medallist, noted for his statue of General Charles Napier in Trafalgar Square.
References
External links
St Mary's – official website
19th-century Church of England church buildings
Church of England church buildings in Surrey
Diocese of London
Grade II* listed churches in Surrey
Saint Mary
Churches on the Thames
Joanna Belfrage Picken (8 May 179825 March 1859) was a Scottish-Canadian poet and satirist.
Life
Joanna Belfrage Picken was born in Edinburgh on 8 May 1798 to Ebenezer Picken, a poet from Paisley, Renfrewshire, and Robina Belfrage, a sister to Reverend Henry Belfrage. She was one of nine children, with her siblings including Catherine Picken, Henry Belfrage Picken, and Andrew Belfrage Picken. She and Catherine, the only daughters of Ebenezer and Robina who survived to adulthood, were well educated.
Picken's first poems were contributions to the Glasgow Courier and Free Press in 1828. She and her sister Catherine established a boarding school in Musselburgh, Lothian, but their attempt was a failure, possibly due to uncomplimentary poems that Picken published about local figures.
She emigrated to Montreal, Quebec in 1842 with other family members. She worked as a music teacher while writing poetry under the name "Alpha". She contributed to the Literary Garland and the Montreal Transcript. She died of apoplexy in Montreal on 25 March 1859 and is buried in the Mount Royal Cemetery.
Poems
Picken is best known for the comic poem "An Auld Friend wi' a New Face", which is about the hazards of marriage from a woman's point of view, providing advice to unmarried women about the benefits of remaining single. This poem, alongside one entitled "The Death Watch" were included in James Grant Wilson's 1876 anthology The Poets and Poetry of Scotland. Her work was otherwise unpublished outside of nineteenth-century periodicals. Sixteen more have been recovered, three in Montreal newspapers and thirteen in the possession of her brother Henry's great-great-grandson, with the earliest dating from 1829. Most have a melancholic tone, focused on themes of bitterness, homesickness, sorrow, death, and the release of life. Only two, "To Berwick," and "The Light Guitar" (the latter set to a serenade written by John Barnett) have the comic tone she was renowned for. The uncomplimentary poems of Musselburgh citizens are among those that remain lost.
References
1798 births
1859 deaths
Writers from Edinburgh
Scottish women poets
Scottish satirists
19th-century Scottish poets
19th-century British women writers
Women satirists
Burials at Mount Royal Cemetery
19th-century Canadian women musicians
Balthasar, Lord of Werle-Güstrow (c. 1375 – 5 April 1421) was Lord of Werle-Güstrow from 1393 or 1394 to 1421 and Prince of Wenden from 1418. He was the eldest son of Lorenz of Werle and Matilda of Werle-Goldberg (d. before 17 December 1402).
After his father's death in 1393 or 1394, he initially ruled Werle-Güstrow alone, but probably together with his brother John VII from 11 December 1395 and from 1 May 1401 with his brother William. From 1 May 1418, the brothers called themselves Princes of Wenden after they found evidence of royal lineage in the chronicles of Bishop Otto of Havelberg.
Baltasar died on 5 April 1421 and was buried in the Cathedral in Güstrow.
He had been engaged to Agnes, daughter of Duke Bogislaw VI of Pomerania, but they never married. He was first married on 18 October 1397 to Euphemia (d. 16 October 1417), daughter of Duke Magnus I of Mecklenburg. He later married Heilwig, daughter of Count Gerhard VI of Holstein-Rendsburg (d. before 1436). Heilwig later married Dietrich of Oldenburg.
No children of Balthasar are known.
External links
Biographical data of Balthasar on emecklenburg.de
Genealogical table of the House of Mecklenburg
House of Mecklenburg
Lords of Werle
14th-century German nobility
1421 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
The Second Italian War of Independence, also called the Franco-Austrian War, the Austro-Sardinian War or Italian War of 1859 (; ), was fought by the Second French Empire and the Savoyard Kingdom of Sardinia against the Austrian Empire in 1859 and played a crucial part in the process of Italian Unification.
A year prior to the war, in the Plombières Agreement, France agreed to support Sardinia's efforts to expel Austria from Italy in return for territorial compensation in the form of the Duchy of Savoy and the County of Nice. The two states signed a military alliance in January 1859. Sardinia mobilised its army on 9 March 1859, and Austria mobilized on 9 April.
On 23 April, Austria delivered an ultimatum to Sardinia demanding its demobilization. Upon Sardinia's refusal, the war began on 26 April. Austria invaded Sardinia three days later, and France declared war on Austria on 3 May.
The Austrian invasion was stopped by the arrival of French troops in Piedmont that had begun in late April. The Austrians were defeated at the Battle of Magenta on 4 June and pushed back to Lombardy, where the Franco-Sardinian victory at the Battle of Solferino on 24 June resulted in the end of the war and the signing of the Armistice of Villafranca on 12 July.
Austria ceded Lombardy to France, which, in turn, gave it to Sardinia. Exploiting the collapse of Austrian power in Italy, Sardinia annexed the United Provinces of Central Italy, consisting of the Grand Duchy of Tuscany, the Duchy of Parma, the Duchy of Modena and Reggio and the Papal Legations, on 22 March 1860. Two days later, Sardinia ceded Savoy and Nice to France at the Treaty of Turin as compensation for its assistance.
Background
The Piedmontese, following their defeat by Austria in the First Italian War of Independence, recognized their need for allies. That led Prime Minister Camillo Benso, Count of Cavour to attempt to establish relations with other European powers, partially through Piedmont's participation in the Crimean War. In the peace conference at Paris after the Crimean War, Cavour attempted to bring attention to efforts for Italian unification. He found Britain and France to be sympathetic but refusing to go against Austrian wishes, as any movement towards Italian independence would threaten Austria's territory of Lombardy–Venetia. Private talks between Napoleon III and Cavour after the conference identified Napoleon as the most likely candidate to aid Italy although he was still uncommitted.
On 14 January 1858, Felice Orsini, an Italian, led an attempt on Napoleon III's life. The assassination attempt brought widespread sympathy for the Italian unity and had a profound effect on Napoleon III himself, who now was determined to help Piedmont against Austria to defuse the wider revolutionary activities, which governments in Italy might later allow to happen. After a covert meeting at Plombières on 21 July 1858, Napoleon III and Cavour on 28 January 1859 signed a secret treaty of alliance against Austria.
France would help Sardinia-Piedmont, if attacked, to fight against Austria if Sardinia-Piedmont gave Nice and Savoy to France in return. The secret alliance served both countries by helping with the Sardinian-Piedmontese plan of unification of the Italian Peninsula under the House of Savoy. It also weakened Austria, a fiery adversary of Napoleon III's French Second Empire.
Cavour, being unable to get French help unless the Austrians attacked first, provoked Vienna by a series of military maneuvers close to the border. Sardinia mobilised its army on 9 March 1859. Austria mobilised on 9 April 1859 and issued an ultimatum on 23 April demanding the complete demobilisation of the Sardinian Army. When it was not heeded, Austria started a war against Sardinia on 26 April.
The first French troops entered Piedmont on 25 April, and France declared war on Austria on 3 May.
Forces
The French Army for the Italian campaign had 170,000 soldiers, 2,000 horsemen and 312 guns, half of the whole French army. The army, under the command of Napoleon III, divided into five corps: the I Corps, led by Achille Baraguey d'Hilliers; the II Corps, led by Patrice de MacMahon; the III Corps, led by François Certain de Canrobert, the IV Corps; led by Adolphe Niel, and the V Corps, led by prince Napoléon Joseph Charles Paul Bonaparte. The Imperial Guard was commanded by Auguste Regnaud de Saint-Jean d'Angély.
Napoleon III participated in the war and showed up on the battlefield in the belief that it would motivate the French people during the war. That would prove successful.
The Sardinian Army had about 70,000 soldiers, 4,000 horsemen and 90 guns. It was divided into five divisions, led by Castelbrugo, Manfredo Fanti, Giovanni Durando, Enrico Cialdini and Domenico Cucchiari. Two volunteer formations, the Cacciatori delle Alpi and the Cacciatori degli Appennini, were also present. It was led by Victor Emmanuel II of Savoy, supported by Alfonso Ferrero la Marmora.
The Austrian Army fielded more men with 220,000 soldiers, 824 guns and 22,000 horsemen. It was led by Field Marshal Ferenc Graf Gyulay.
The newly-formed United Principalities of Moldavia and Wallachia also supported the Franco-Italian alliance. Their ruler, Alexandru Ioan Cuza, was given 10,000 rifles and ammunition by Napoleon III. Napoleon III, with his unwavering and very genuine sympathy, also sent a military mission to Bucharest. Encouraged, Cuza formed a new military camp at Ploiești. As a result, Austria had to keep 30,000 troops in Transylvania, which could ill be spared from Italy.
War
The French Army, under Marshal François Certain Canrobert, moved into Piedmont in the first massive military use of railways. The Austrian forces counted on a swift victory over the weaker Sardinian Army before French forces could arrive in Piedmont. However, Count Gyulai, the commander of the Austrian troops in Lombardy, was very cautious and marched around the Ticino River in no specific direction until he crossed it to begin the offensive. Unfortunately for him, very heavy rains began to fall, which allowed the Piedmontese to flood the rice fields in front of his advance and slowed his army's march to a crawl.
The Austrians, under Gyulai, captured Novara on 30 April and Vercelli on 2 May and advanced on Turin from 7 May onward. The Franco-Sardinian move to strengthen the Alessandria and Po River bridges around Casale Monferrato forced the Austrians to halt their advance on 9 May and to fall back on 10 May. Napoleon III left Paris on 10 May, landed at Genoa on 12 May and arrived in Alessandria on 14 May. He took the command of the operations of the war, whose first major clash was at Montebello on 20 May, a battle between an Austrian Corps under Stadion and a single division of the French I Corps, under Forey. Although the Austrian contingent was three times as large, the French were victorious, which made Gyulai still more cautious. In early June, Gyulai had advanced to the rail centre of Magenta and left his army spread out. Napoleon III attacked Ticino head on with part of his force and sent many other troops to the north to flank the Austrians. The plan worked and caused Gyulai to retreat east to the quadrilateral fortresses in Lombardy, where he was relieved of his post as commander.
Replacing Gyulai was Emperor Franz Josef I, who planned to defend the well-fortified Austrian territory behind the Mincio River. The Piedmontese-French army had taken Milan and slowly marched further east to finish off Austria in the war before Prussia could get involved. The Austrians found out that the French had halted at Brescia and decided that they should counterattack along the river Chiese. The two armies met accidentally around Solferino, which precipitated a confused series of battles.
A French corps held off three Austrian corps all day at Medole and kept them from joining the larger battle around Solferino, where, after a day-long battle, the French broke through. Ludwig von Benedek with the Austrian VIII Corps was separated from the main force and defended Pozzolengo against the Piedmontese part of the opposing army. It was successful, but the entire Austrian army retreated after the breakthrough at Solferino and withdrew back into the Quadrilateral.
Meanwhile, in the north of Lombardy, the Italian volunteers of Giuseppe Garibaldi's Hunters of the Alps defeated the Austrians at Varese and Como, and the Piedmontese-French Navy landed 3,000 soldiers and conquered the islands of Losinj (Lussino) and Cres (Cherso), in Dalmatia.
Peace
Napoleon III signed the Villafranca Armistice with Austria in Villafranca for a combination of reasons. He was not the conqueror that his uncle had been and could not stomach the sight of war. The Austrians had retreated to the Quadrilateral, which would be very costly to overrun. His absence in France had made the country vulnerable to attack. His actions in Italy were being criticised in France. He did not want Cavour and Piedmont to gain too much power, mostly at the expense of his men. He feared involvement of the German states. Most of Lombardy, with its capital, Milan, except only the Austrian fortresses of Mantua and Legnago and the surrounding territory, was transferred from Austria to France, which would immediately cede the territories to Sardinia. The rulers of Central Italy, who had been expelled by revolution shortly after the beginning of the war, were to be restored.
The agreement, made by Napoleon behind the backs of his Sardinian allies, led to great outrage in Sardinia-Piedmont, and Cavour resigned in protest. However, the terms of Villafranca were never to come into effect. Although they were reaffirmed by the final Treaty of Zürich in November, the agreement had become a dead letter. The Central Italian states were occupied by the Piedmontese, who showed no willingness to restore the previous rulers, and the French showed no willingness to force them to abide by the terms of the treaty.
The Austrians were left to look on in frustration at the French failure to carry out the terms of the treaty. Austria had emerged triumphantly after the suppression of liberal movements in 1849, but its status as a great power on the European scene was now seriously challenged and its influence in Italy severely weakened.
The next year, with French and British approval, the Central Italian states (Duchy of Parma, Duchy of Modena, Grand Duchy of Tuscany and the Papal States) were annexed by the Kingdom of Sardinia, and France would take its deferred rewards of Savoy and Nice. The last move was vehemently opposed by Italian national hero Garibaldi, a native of Nice, and directly led to Garibaldi's expedition to Sicily, which would complete the preliminary Unification of Italy.
During the war, Prussia had also mobilised 132,000 men in 1859 but never joined the fighting. The weaknesses laid bare during the mobilisation caused the Prussian Army to initiate military reforms, which were the base for its superiority and rapid victories against Austria in 1866 and France in 1870-71, which led to a united Germany under Prussian dominance.
Timeline
27 April: A peaceful revolution in Tuscany ousts Archduke Leopold II and installs a provisional government
20 May: French infantry and Sardinian cavalry defeat the Austrian army, which retreated, near Montebello.
26 May: Garibaldi's Hunters of the Alps confront Austrian forces led by Field Marshal-Lieutenant Carl Baron Urban at Varese.
27 May: Hunters of the Alps defeat Urban at San Fermo, entering Como.
30 May: French and Sardinian forces defeat the Austrian army at the Battle of Palestro.
4 June: In the Battle of Magenta, the French defeat Austrians.
21 June/24 June: In the Battle of Solferino, Sardinians and Napoleon III of France defeat an army commanded by Emperor Franz Joseph of Austria himself in northern Italy. The battle inspires Henri Dunant to found the Red Cross.
11 July: Franz Joseph, faced with the revolution in Hungary , meets Napoleon III at Villafranca, where they signed an armistice.
References
Further reading
Blumberg, Arnold. A Carefully Planned Accident: The Italian War of 1859 (Susquehanna University Press. 1990). Pp. 238.
Bossoli, Carlo . The War in Italy: the Second Italian War of Independence, 1859 (1860), illustrated; online free
Carter, Nick. "Hudson, Malmesbury and Cavour: British Diplomacy and the Italian Question, February 1858 to June 1859." Historical Journal 40#2 (1997): 389–413. in JSTOR
Coppa, Frank J. The origins of the Italian wars of independence (1992).
Schneid, Frederick C. The Second War of Italian Unification 1859–61 (Bloomsbury Publishing, 2012).
old interpretations but useful on details; vol 1 goes to 1859; volume 2 online covers 1859–62
Conflicts in 1859
1859 in the Kingdom of Sardinia
1859 in the Austrian Empire
1859 in France
France–Italy relations
Sugar's Boogaloo is the debut album by the Sugarman 3. It was released by Desco Records in 1998. It was re-released in 2006 by Daptone Records.
Critical reception
AllMusic wrote that "fans of earthy, greasy jazz-funk and rare groove will delight in the fact that this music is being revived -- and in such danceable, soulful fashion."
Track listing
Sugar's Boogaloo - 3:07
Papa's Got a Brand New Bag - 2:58
Sock Monkey - 4:05
Sunshine Superman - 3:43
Skunk Walk - 3:31
Susie Q - 4:17
Sweeth Tooth - 3:55
Red Wine - 4:16
Hot Sauce - 2:57
Hankerin' - 4:31
References
1998 albums
Measurement Incorporated is an educational testing company based in Durham, North Carolina. The company was founded in 1980 by Dr. Henry Scherich. Measurement Incorporated currently administers state-wide standardized tests for Arizona, California, Michigan, and Washington State. Measurement Incorporated also administers the Independent School Entrance Examination (ISEE) for the Educational Records Bureau.
Products and services
Measurement Incorporated (MI) provides assessment services, automated essay scoring products, online testing and development, and professional services. MI also provides traditional paper and pencil assessments.
Corporate affairs
Historic preservation
Measurement Incorporated has purchased and renovated three historic buildings in downtown Durham, North Carolina: the Brodie Duke Warehouse, the Imperial Tobacco Warehouse, and the BC Remedy Building.
Built around 1878, the Brodie Duke Warehouse is one of the oldest tobacco-related buildings in town. Brodie Duke was the oldest surviving child of Washington Duke, and was the first of the Duke family to move to Durham. He made a living by selling tobacco from the floor below his living space. After a while, the rest of Brodie's family followed in his footsteps, selling their farm and moving to Durham. Brodie and his father shared a warehouse at this time, and held an agreement by which each would sell the other's products. Eventually, Brodie built his own warehouse, the Brodie Duke Warehouse, and joined with his family to create W. Duke, Sons & Co.
The Imperial Tobacco Warehouse was built during the 1890s, and was originally owned and used by the Imperial Tobacco Company. In retaliation against James Buchanan Duke's expansion of the American Tobacco Company into Europe, the lead European tobacco companies combined to create the Imperial Tobacco Company, and expand to the United States' market. For a while, the two companies had a deal, by which neither would enter each other's market. However, in attempt to lower their prices in Europe, the Imperial Tobacco Company established their own organization in the United States. In 1965, the building was sold to the DC May decorating company, and in 1987, it was leased to the film crew of Bull Durham, starring Kevin Costner and Susan Sarandon. In 2005, it was sold to, and renovated by, MI.
The BC Remedy Building was formerly owned by Five Points Drug Company. Built in the early 1920s, it was used to produce BC Powder, an over-the-counter pain reliever, commonly used for headaches, that contains aspirin and caffeine. In the 1970s, the building was used as an operations center for Central Carolina Bank and Trust, and was later sold to MI, who renovated it into an office space.
Criticism and controversies
Testing problems
In 2005, about 890 Ohio high school students thought they had failed a test, when they had actually passed. A scoring error was made by MI on the ISEE admission test for the 2010/2011 testing year, about 7000 (or 17%) of the testing students received incorrect scores because the wrong key had been used. In 2016, the state of Michigan fined the company $400,000 for not delivering test scores on time.
TNReady lawsuit
In 2016, the state of Tennessee terminated two contracts, worth a total of $165 million with the company after the failure of their online testing platform followed by a failure to deliver paper versions of the tests. In June 2017, Measurement Incorporated sued the State of Tennessee Department of Education for $25.3 million. The Department of Education responded in January 2018 with a counterclaim, saying the company did not fulfill its duties.
The case is currently pending with the Tennessee Claims Commission and is slated to go to trial in late 2019.
Religious discrimination
In 2011, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) fined Measurement Incorporated $110,000 for discriminating against Jacqueline Dukes when she was fired for refusing to work on her Sabbath (EEOC v. Measurement, Inc., Civil Action No. 1:10-cv-00623 in U.S. District Court for the Middle District of North Carolina).
References
Organizations based in Durham, North Carolina
Organizations based in North Carolina
Educational software companies
Education companies of the United States
Mik Scarlet (born 1965) is a broadcaster, journalist, actor and musician, as well as an expert in the field of access and inclusion for disabled people. He has been voted one of the most influential disabled people in the UK, and was one of the first television presenters in the world with a physical disability.
Early life
Scarlet was born in Luton, Bedfordshire. He is a wheelchair user due to the consequences of cancer during infancy.
Career
As one of the first generation of disabled television presenters, Scarlet is best known for presenting the 1992 Emmy Award winning and BAFTA nominated children's television programme "Beat That" on Channel Four. He won a UNICEF award for work with disabled children.
He has also played several cameo roles in shows such as Brookside and The Bill, and was a presenter for BBC2's "From the Edge". He has appeared in numerous television programmes including 2point4 Children.
Scarlet is a regular correspondent for The Huffington Post. He wrote an article for The Independent in 2000 about social rights and was quoted in The Independent about the 2016 Summer Paralympics. In 2012, he wrote an article for Time Out about accessibility in London. That year, he performed in the Paralympic Opening Ceremony and presented coverage of the wheelchair rugby for The Paralympic Games.
Scarlet has appeared on various news and current affairs programmes, such as The Wright Stuff, Good Morning Britain, This Morning and Sky News, both as a commentator and reporter. Scarlet also is an occasional reporter for Channel Five News.
He is an ambassador for Parallel London, the inclusive, disability-led push/run event.
In 2018, Scarlet was named on The Shaw Trust Disability Power 100 list, an annual publication of the 100 most influential disabled people in the UK.
References
External links
Mik Scarlet website
Living people
People from Luton
1965 births
English people with disabilities
British television presenters
Television presenters with disabilities
Aleksandras Lileikis (10 June 1907 – 26 September 2000) was the chief of the Lithuanian Security Police in Vilnius during the Nazi occupation of Lithuania and a perpetrator of the Holocaust in Lithuania. He signed documents handing at least 75 Jews in his control over to Ypatingasis būrys, a Lithuanian collaborationist death squad, and is suspected of responsibility in the murder of thousands of Lithuanian Jews. After the 1944 Soviet occupation of Lithuania, he fled to Germany as a displaced person. Refused permission to immigrate to the United States because of his Nazi past, he worked for the Central Intelligence Agency in the early 1950s. In 1955, his second application for permission to immigrate was granted and he settled in Norwood, Massachusetts, becoming a naturalized citizen in 1976. Eli Rosenbaum, an investigator for the Office of Special Investigations, uncovered evidence of Lileikis' war crimes; proceedings for his denaturalization were opened in 1994 and concluded with Lileikis being stripped of his United States citizenship. He returned to Lithuania, where he was charged with genocide in February 1998. It was the first Nazi war crimes prosecution in post-Soviet block of Europe. He died of a heart attack in 2000 before a verdict was reached.
Early life
Aleksandras Lileikis was born on 10 June 1907 to a peasant family in in the present-day Kelmė District Municipality. He attended the Žiburys gymnasium in Kražiai and War School in Kaunas. In 1927, he began to study at the Faculty of Law at University of Lithuania. He worked for the criminal police and later the State Security Department. In 1931–1934, he worked in the interrogation department, and was the deputy of the security police chief in Marijampolė in 1934–1939. He was promoted to lieutenant in 1938.
World War II
In 1939, when Lithuania gained Vilnius as a result of the Soviet–Lithuanian Mutual Assistance Treaty, Lileikis became the deputy of the commander of the Vilnius district of the Lithuanian Security Police. He worked at suppressing the Polish resistance in Lithuania and investigated the death of the Russian soldier Butayev, which was part of the official pretext for the Soviet ultimatum to Lithuania. He fled to Germany in 1940 due to the Soviet occupation of Lithuania and applied for German citizenship in June 1941.
In August 1941, after the German invasion of the Soviet Union and German occupation of Lithuania, he returned to Lithuania and reorganized the Lithuanian Security Police in Vilnius (about 130 men) on Gestapo lines according to instructions he received in Germany, complete with a special division (Komunistų-Žydų Skyrius) for dealing with "Jews and Communists". The Lithuanian Security Police had jurisdiction over Jews in hiding, non-Jews who helped Jews, and Jews suspected of Communist associations. Usually, escaped or suspected Jews were arrested by the regular police and handed over to the security police for investigation and interrogation. The security police would then hand over the Jews to the German police or Ypatingasis būrys, a Lithuanian collaborationist death squad which murdered estimated 70,000 Jews at nearby Ponary. Acting as a desk murderer, Lileikis signed documents handing at least 75 Jews to Ypatingasis būrys. Lileikis fully understood that the Jews would be murdered. The Security Police also dealt with the Soviet partisans and Polish underground. For example, a report from 16 February to 21 March 1942 details that the security police in Vilnius arrested 319 people and 137 of them were sent to Ponary: 73 Jews, 23 Communists, 14 members of the Polish resistance, 20 document counterfeiters, and 7 spies. The duties related to non-Jewish groups increased as the number of Jews in the Vilna Ghetto dwindled and the anti-Nazi resistance grew.
Eli Rosenbaum of the Office of Special Investigations (OSI), part of the Department of Justice, described Lileikis as "a senior-level perpetrator of the Holocaust". Neal Sher, former head of the OSI, stated that Lileikis "was as significant and probably more significant than someone like Klaus Barbie"—who was convicted of crimes against humanity in 1987—and "an instrumental cog in a wheel of mass destruction". He is suspected of responsibility in the deaths of thousands to tens of thousands of Jews.
CIA and immigration to the United States
After the Red Army invasion of Lithuania in 1944, Lileikis fled back to Germany and became a displaced person. In 1947, while living in a camp in Bamberg, he was investigated for war crimes by the United States Army Criminal Investigation Command, but the authorities had little documentation on war crimes in Lithuania. In 1950, Lileikis was unanimously refused permission to emigrate to the United States by the United States Displaced Persons Commission "because of [his] known Nazi sympathies" and because he was "under the control of the Gestapo". He was recruited for the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) in 1952 when he was living in Munich, described as a member of the Lithuanian National Union. At the time of his recruitment, the CIA knew about his wartime activities and probable complicity in war crimes: his file stated that he "was the chief of the political Lithuanian Security Police in Vilna during the German occupation and that he was possibly connected with the shooting of Jews in Vilna." But it nevertheless considered that there was "no derogatory information" on him, and he was cleared for duty by the CIA headquarters on 5 March 1953. Lileikis had little interest in spying and was instead interested in using his intelligence work to obtain permission to immigrate to the United States. He was paid $1,700 () annually for his work recruiting Lithuanians in East Germany and occasional translation and intelligence work, but apparently was less than successful as the agency did not help him immigrate to the United States. He may have helped other Lithuanian Nazi collaborators obtain CIA jobs or immigrate to the United States. In 1995, the CIA claimed that "there was no evidence that this Agency was aware of his wartime activities". This statement was described as a "gross distortion" by journalist Eric Lichtblau.
In 1955, he applied again for permission to immigrate to the United States. Although the CIA passed negative information to United States immigration authorities, his application was accepted without explanation. Lileikis' deputy, Kazys Gimžauskas, and three other subordinates also immigrated to the United States. He settled in Norwood, Massachusetts and became a naturalized citizen in 1976. Lileikis was involved in the Lithuanian community in the United States; he attended a Lithuanian Catholic church and worked as an administrator for a Lithuanian encyclopedia company, as well as painting houses for a living. Although he could speak English, he preferred his native language. Historian Timothy Naftali notes, "the presence of this mass murderer in the general population sent a signal to fellow veterans of the secret police in Nazi-occupied Lithuania that Cold War America was forgiving of these murders".
United States v. Lileikis
In late 1982, Lileikis was mentioned in a cable from Berlin as a potential war criminal and head of the Lithuanian Security Police, who had possible connections to Einsatzkommando 3, part of the Einsatzgruppen. The same week, another Lithuanian-American named him as a Nazi collaborator in an interview. This attracted the attention of Eli Rosenblum, who was working as an investigator for the OSI. After gathering information on Lileikis, Rosenblum went to his residence to question him. Lileikis admitted his leadership of the Lithuanian Security Police, but denied his involvement in the killings, stating that he had only done routine security work. Lileikis claimed that he heard rumors that the Germans killed Jews at Ponary but that it was done without Lithuanian participation.
In late 1994, the OSI opened civil denaturalization proceedings against him, seeking to strip Lileikis of his United States citizenship under Section 340(a) of the Immigration and Naturalization Act, which requires United States district attorneys to open civil proceedings against naturalized citizens suspected of lying on their immigration paperwork. At the time, Lileikis was the oldest person to be subject to such an action. The CIA tried to stop the case being filed, threatening not to allow the disclosure of some of the classified records in court. Describing Lileikis as "one of the most important Nazi collaborators" to be investigated by the United States, OSI accused Lileikis of lying about his World War II activities on his immigration paperwork. Lileikis refused to comment on the allegations to the Associated Press and invoked the Fifth Amendment when questioned by prosecutors. Lileikis refused to state even simple details on his life, such as his date and place of birth. Under federal law, the Fifth Amendment applies only to criminal proceedings; the prosecution argued that Lileikis should not be entitled to Fifth Amendment protection because he was not subject to criminal prosecution in the United States. The defense argued that Lileikis had a legitimate fear of prosecution in Lithuania, and should therefore not be compelled to testify.
In 1995, Judge Richard Stearns of the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts ruled that Lileikis was not entitled to Fifth Amendment protection because the government had a "legitimate need for a witness's testimony" in enforcing "the organic laws of the United States". On 16 November, he granted the prosecution's motion to compel Lileikis' testimony; since he still refused to testify, the prosecution filed another motion on 18 December seeking that allegations which Lileikis refused to answer be admitted, as if Lileikis had confessed to them. This motion was granted by the court on 9 January 1996. The Holocaust historian Yitzhak Arad and several other experts submitted affidavits along with more than a thousand pages of archival documents relating to the Nazi occupation of Lithuania, the Holocaust in Lithuania, and Lileikis' activities. On 24 May 1996, Stearns found him responsible for the deaths of tens of thousands of Jews. The judge noted that Lileikis was "attempting to turn the classic Nuremberg defense on its head by arguing that 'I was only issuing orders.'" Lileikis was immediately denaturalized with the judge stating that he should never have been allowed into the United States.
Genocide trial in Lithuania
Lileikis voluntarily left the United States on 18 June 1996, using a Lithuanian passport to fly to Vilnius. United States officials stated that he would be refused readmission to the country, and Polish authorities indicated that he could face trial in Poland for the murders of Polish Jews in Vilnius. Lithuania initially indicated that he would not be prosecuted due to the lack of eyewitnesses. In 1997, he told the Lithuanian newspaper Respublika that "All of us were collaborators—the whole nation, since it was acting according to Nazi laws" and acknowledged that he had made "mistakes". Lileikis published a memoir in Lithuanian before his death, which is a useful source on his life if not "entirely accurate" on his World War II activities. He claimed to be part of the anti-Nazi resistance. Lithuania was slow to prosecute Lileikis. At the time, the country sought membership in NATO and the United States asserted that prosecution of Lileikis and other war criminals would be strong evidence of adherence to "western values," a prerequisite to joining the alliance. The message was relayed by the United States Vice President Al Gore during a meeting with the speaker of the Seimas in April 1997 and by thirty members of Congress in a November 1997 letter to the President of Lithuania.
On 6 February 1998, Lileikis was charged with the crime of genocide by Lithuanian prosecutors. It was the first Nazi war crimes prosecution in post-Soviet Eastern Europe. He appeared in court in November 1998, but fainted just after few minutes and was taken away in an ambulance. Three special laws were passed in order to enable continuing prosecution of Lileikis and his former deputy Gimžauskas (who had left the United States in 1995, facing denaturalization proceedings). One of the changes allowed video evidence during genocide trials. He was questioned over video on 23 June 2000 but after twenty minutes the proceedings were interrupted by an attending doctor and Lileikis was taken to a hospital. The U.S. Department of Justice and Jewish organizations accused him of feigning illness. The Simon Wiesenthal Center accused Lithuanian authorities of deliberately prolonging the trial in hopes that Lileikis would die of natural causes before he could be convicted. The trial was well-publicized in Lithuania. Lileikis died of a heart attack at Santara Clinics in Vilnius on 26 September 2000, still insisting on his innocence and that he was the victim. His funeral at the cemetery was attended by about a hundred people, including Mindaugas Murza, a radical nationalist.
References
Sources
Further reading
External links
U.S. v. Lileikis (1996)
Associated Press video of Lileikis arriving to court in 1998
1907 births
2000 deaths
Lithuanian emigrants to the United States
Holocaust perpetrators in Lithuania
Lithuanian collaborators with Nazi Germany
Loss of United States citizenship by prior Nazi affiliation
People of the Central Intelligence Agency
Vytautas Magnus University alumni
Sant'Agostino () is a ruined Roman Catholic church in Amatrice, province of Rieti, Lazio, Italy. It was built in 1428 and it was dedicated to Saint Nicholas, but it was modified over subsequent centuries and rededicated to Saint Augustine of Hippo. Most of the church was destroyed in a series of earthquakes in 2016–17.
History
The church was built by the Augustinians in 1428, and it was originally dedicated to Saint Nicholas. A plaque on the façade states that the building's architect was Giovanni dell'Amatrice. The church was built near the Porta Carbonara and Amatrice's town walls. The church was rededicated to Saint Augustine of Hippo in the 18th century.
In 1580 and again in 1781, the interior and part of the old apse were destroyed by fire, and repair works continued until the 19th century. In 1845, the vault was considered to be unsafe so it was demolished. At this point, the church's interior was whitewashed.
The small bell, which weighs , was recast by the foundry Pasquale della Noce in 1821. The largest bell of was retouched by maestro di campane Nicola Marinelli di Gagliano in 1821.
The bell tower was restored in 1825 and 1854, since it was in danger of collapsing. Three frescoes, two of which dated back to the 15th century, were discovered within the church in 1894.
The rectangular window on the façade was replaced by a rose window in the early 1930s. The façade and bell tower were restored later on in the century.
The church was severely damaged during an earthquake which hit Central Italy on 24 August 2016, when part of the roof and the upper half of the façade including the rose window collapsed.
The remaining parts of the church were further damaged in the January 2017 Central Italy earthquakes, and the bell tower collapsed on 18 January, while the right wall of the church collapsed on 29 January. Only the portal and the left wall of the church remain standing.
Architecture
The church's façade was built out of local sandstone. The lower part of the façade had a late Gothic–Romanesque marble portal with the main entrance. The capitals contained representations of a bear and a caryatid. The lunette was decorated by sculptures of the Madonna and the archangel Gabriel, but these were stolen in the 20th century. The date A.D. MCCCCXXVIII (1428) and the coat of arms of Amatrice could be found on the portal's architrave.
The upper part of the façade, which has been destroyed in the 2016 earthquake, was modified according to Renaissance principles. It originally had a rectangular window, but this was replaced by a rose window in the 1930s. A plaque with the old coat of arms of the church and a Latin inscription commemorating the building's architect was found on the right hand side of the façade, below the rose window. A pair of large oblong windows could be found on each side of the church. A bell tower and the medieval Porta Carbonara stood to the rear of the church.
The church's interior dated back to the 18th century, and it had only a few elements of note. The following frescoes were found on the left side:
l'Annunciazione (the Annunciation) – dated 1491, probably the work of Carlo Crivelli but sometimes alternatively attributed to
Madonna in trono con il Bambino (Enthroned Madonna and Child) – dated 1497. It was painted on an earlier fresco, parts of which are still visible before the 2016 earthquake.
Madonna del Rosario (Our Lady of the Rosary) – dated much later than the previous two frescoes.
A set of bas-relief terracotta Stations of the Cross were found on the right hand side of the church.
Convent
An Augustinian convent which dated back to at least the late 13th century originally stood near the church. It was closed in 1809, at the same time when the Archive and the Library were destroyed. It was in a state of disrepair by 1824, and attempts to convert it for public use such as a prison or hospital in 1836 were unsuccessful. The convent was used as a barn and slaughterhouse, before being completely demolished. No remains have survived today.
References
Bibliography
Agostino Amatrice
Agostino Amatrice
Agostino
Agostino
Amatrice
Gothic architecture in Lazio
15th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Alessandro Liborio Madrigal (born 4 July 1971) is an American comedian, writer, actor and producer. He is a co-founder of the Things Comedy podcast network, alongside Bill Burr. He rose to fame on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart as a regular correspondent for five seasons. Outside of the standup world, he is known for his co-starring roles in the film Night School, Showtime's dark comedy I'm Dying Up Here, NBC's About A Boy, as well as CBS sitcoms Gary Unmarried and Welcome to The Captain. He has also performed on Conan and The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.
He appeared in the sports drama The Way Back, starring Ben Affleck and directed by Gavin O'Connor. He appears in the Sony's Spider-Man Universe film Morbius as Alberto "Al" Rodriguez.
Early life
Madrigal was born in San Francisco, California. He grew up in San Francisco's Inner Sunset District, where his neighbors included future comedians Mike Pritchard and Margaret Cho. His father is Mexican (from Tijuana) and his mother is Sicilian. He attended Ecole Notre Dame Des Victoires, a private Catholic school in San Francisco that emphasizes instruction of French language and culture. He attended St. Ignatius College Preparatory High School for the class of 1989. He then attended the University of San Francisco.
Madrigal worked for 10 years in a human resource staffing agency run by his family, where one of his main responsibilities was firing people. He often worked humor into the job. He credits his experiences at the staffing company with preparing him for stand-up comedy: "I was in so many scary situations ... by the time I got on stage, I had no stage fright. Speaking in front of a group was nothing." In 1998, he decided to pursue a full-time career in comedy.
Career
Stand-up comedy
Madrigal's stand-up comedy is story-based, centering on his personal life, family, and the confusion caused by his multiethnic background. Early in his comedy career, he was often pigeonholed as a "Latino comic." Madrigal says he has been criticized as not being Latino enough, such as for not speaking Spanish.
Madrigal began his career in San Francisco's comedy clubs, both as a solo performer and as a member of the sketch group Fresh Robots, which he co-founded. In 2002, he enjoyed his first major exposure in two comedy festivals: SF Sketchfest, as part of Fresh Robots, and the "New Faces" showcase of the Just for Laughs Festival in Montreal.
In 2004, Madrigal won a jury award for best stand-up comedian at the U.S. Comedy Arts Festival in Aspen, Colorado. After winning the award, he signed a talent holding deal with CBS.
Madrigal's Comedy Central Presents half-hour special premiered in July 2005. In April 2013, Madrigal's first one-hour special, "Why Is The Rabbit Crying?," also premiered on Comedy Central. The special was named one of the top 10 comedy specials of 2013 by both Westword and The Village Voice and was praised for "deconstructing stereotypes rather than enforcing them" and "milking incongruity between expectations and reality to hilarious effect."
Madrigal taped his latest stand-up special, "Shrimpin' Ain't Easy" in December 2016 in the Masonic Lodge at Hollywood Forever Cemetery. Directed by Neal Brennan, the special premiered on SHOWTIME in 2017.
Madrigal has been a guest on Jimmy Kimmel Live! and The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson. He appeared on The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien on 8 July 2009. He later appeared on Conan's TBS Show, Conan, on 10 May 2011.
Acting
In 2003, Madrigal successfully auditioned for a starring role on The Ortegas, a comedy series for the Fox Network. The series, which was based on the BBC comedy The Kumars at No. 42, cast Madrigal as the son of a Mexican American family in California who hosts a TV talk show from a studio he operates in the backyard of his parents' home. However, the network dropped the series from its schedule before broadcasting any of its six filmed episodes.
In January 2008, Madrigal was cast as a building attendant named Jesús (pronounced "Hey-Soose") in the CBS comedy Welcome to The Captain. The series was cancelled after five episodes.
He co-starred in the CBS series Gary Unmarried (originally titled Project Gary), which debuted in September 2008.
On 14 March 2013, it was announced that Madrigal would be joining NBC's About A Boy as Andy, the main character's best friend. He received a 2014 Imagen Awards nomination for Best Supporting Actor for his work in the role.
Madrigal was a series regular on the Showtime series I'm Dying Up Here. He played a stand-up comedian named Edgar in the dark comedy about Los Angeles' infamous stand-up comedy scene of the 1970s. The show, which is based on William Knoedelseder's nonfiction book of the same name, is executive produced by Jim Carrey.
The Daily Show with Jon Stewart
On 17 May 2011, it was announced that Madrigal would be joining The Daily Show with Jon Stewart. He was often presented as the "Senior Latino Correspondent."
Madrigal auditioned for the show on the recommendation of stand-up comedian Adam Lowitt, one of the show's producers. Madrigal and Lowitt performed a piece at Carolines on Texas Representative Debbie Riddle, who proposed a bill that would create state punishments for those who "intentionally, knowingly, or recklessly" hired unauthorized immigrants except for domestic workers. Madrigal later did a reading of the piece with Jon Stewart, who hired him on the spot.
All Things Comedy
All Things Comedy was officially launched on October 1, 2012 with a roster of eleven podcasts including the Monday Morning Podcast by Bill Burr, The Long Shot Podcast by Eddie Pepitone, and Skeptic Tank by Ari Shaffir. By 2014, the network had six dozen members and over fifty podcasts. The network was started out by comedians Al Madrigal and Bill Burr with The Daily Show on the Things Comedy website. The network was established as an artist owned cooperative, which Madrigal and Burr emphasize as an importance aspect of the collective. All Things Records was started in March 2014 and released three albums in the months following its creation including Believe in Yourself by Sam Tripoli, Live at the Comedy Castle by Brian Scolaro, This Will Make an Excellent Horcrux by Jackie Kashian. Madrigal sees the network as a way of improving representation of Latin American people in media. For instance, the networks provides Spanish-language podcasts such as Leyendas Legendarias and El Dollop. Comedy Central partnered with All Things Comedy to produce a documentary about Patrice O'Neal as well as three comedy specials.
In 2012, Madrigal and comedian Bill Burr founded All Things Comedy, a comedy podcast network and artist cooperative. Madrigal and Burr started the network as a way to help comedians maintain full ownership of their work. The network hosts over 50 podcasts and garners nearly 5 million listeners per month.
At South by Southwest 2015, Madrigal, Burr, and comedian Doug Benson spoke on the "Owning Your Work: The Future of All Things Comedy" panel, where they "discussed the ins and outs of their operation and how they are working to help comics carve out their own paths in show business and avoid traditional gatekeepers."
From 2010 to 2014, he co-hosted a podcast called "Minivan Men" with comedians Maz Jobrani, Aaron Aryanpur, and Chris Spencer, in which they discussed marriage, parenting, and domestic issues.
Madrigal and Burr host the "All Things Comedy Live Podcast," which streams monthly. The podcast has featured comics including Sinbad, Nick Thune, Felipe Esparza, Doug Benson, Pete Holmes, Ian Edwards, and Fred Stoller.
More recently, he signed a deal with CBS Studios.
Half Like Me
On 22 January 2015, Madrigal's one-hour comedic documentary special, Half Like Me, premiered on Fusion. The program follows Madrigal on his quest to get closer to his Mexican roots in preparation for a family reunion in Tijuana, Mexico. During the course of the program Madrigal explores different aspects of Latino culture in the U.S. The A.V. Club called it "solid and thought-provoking" while the Los Angeles Times listed the special as a "Critic's Pick". In an interview with LA Weekly, Madrigal said, "'people are actually reaching out and wanting to teach this in their classrooms.'"
Filmography
Film
Television
Web series
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
American male film actors
American stand-up comedians
American male television actors
Hispanic and Latino American male actors
Male actors from San Francisco
American people of Italian descent
Comedians from California
American television personalities of Mexican descent
20th-century American comedians
21st-century American comedians
Male television personalities
Stand Up! Records artists
American male actors of Mexican descent
Aydoğmuş is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Arthur Frederick Bues was a Major League Baseball third baseman. He was born on March 3, 1888, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He batted and threw right-handed, weighed , and was . Art was the nephew of George Stallings. Bues made his Major League debut on April 17, 1913, for the Boston Braves. He had just 1 at bat in 2 games. In 1914 he played for the Chicago Cubs in 14 games. He had 45 at-bats with 10 hits. He recorded no home runs and 4 RBIs.
Art Bues died on November 7, 1954, in Whitefish Bay, Wisconsin.
External links
1888 births
1954 deaths
Major League Baseball third basemen
Baseball players from Milwaukee
Boston Braves players
Chicago Cubs players
Lethbridge Miners players
La Crosse Pinks players
Racine Belles (1909–1915) players
Minneapolis Millers (baseball) players
Seattle Giants players
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Jersey City Skeeters players
Columbus Senators players
Kansas City Blues (baseball) players
Baltimore Orioles (IL) players
Louisville Colonels (minor league) players
Mobile Bears players
Milwaukee Brewers (minor league) players
Beyobası is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
Chesnonia verrucosa, the warty poacher, is a species of poacher native to the northeastern Pacific Ocean where it is found at depths of from . This species grows to a length of TL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
References
Agonidae
Monotypic fish genera
Fish described in 1880
Taxa named by William Neale Lockington
Genesee Theatre is a concert hall and movie palace in Waukegan, Illinois. Today, the venue has seats for 2,403 people and opened in 1927. It's both used as a vaudeville theater and cinema and hosts musical artists and shows.
History
In 1926, A.L. Brumund, H.C. Burnett, and D.T. Webb bought land at the corner of Genesee and Clayton Streets for $130,000. Their wish was to create a community center for Waukegan that provided high-quality entertainments as well as commercial and living spaces. After a year and a half and a million dollars later they had created a luxurious movie palace open to the public. Flourishing growth in this city north of Chicago, justified the building of a deluxe and luxurious movie theater that was unparalleled at the time throughout most of the country.
The construction of the theatre began in September 1927. Waukegan contractor Alva Weeks and Chicago Architect Edward P. Steinberg were hired to construct the theatre. Steinberg had just built the BelPark and State theatres in Chicago, IL. No expense was spared in the construction of the theatre. The façade, on Genesee street, was built from terra cotta and pressed brick in ornate design. Inside the lobby hanged a luxurious chandelier. The interior is Spanish Renaissance Style using Caen stone. A large dome in the center of the auditorium was made from hammered silver. Over 1200 yards of tapestry fabric, several tons of marble from the Carrera quarries in Italy, and lighting throughout the Theatre combine to make it the most lavish building in Waukegan, IL.
It originally closed in 1989, however it re-opened in 2004, following a $23 million renovation.
Despite the changes to the Theatre, the historic integrity of the Genesee has stood the test of time. From the street and within its walls, the Genesee Theatre is reminiscent of the hope and beauty of the early 20th century and remains a center of the Waukegan community.
Soulja Boy shot part of his music video for "Donk", during a performance in the theatre.
Morrissey shot part of the video for his single "I'm Throwing My Arms Around Paris" during a 2007 performance at the theater.
Ringo Starr recorded a PBS special in this theater.
References
External links
Genesee Theatre web page
Cinemas and movie theaters in Illinois
Music venues in Illinois
Waukegan, Illinois
Buildings and structures in Lake County, Illinois
Tourist attractions in Lake County, Illinois
Joachim Helbig (10 September 1915 – 5 October 1985) was a German bomber pilot during World War II. He joined the Luftwaffe in 1936 and served almost all of his career with Demonstration Wing 1 (Lehrgeschwader 1 (LG 1)). With his unit, he participated in the Invasion of Poland, the Norwegian Campaign, the Battles of the Netherlands, Belgium, France and Britain in 1939–40. For his contributions in these campaigns, Helbig received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross in late 1940. He was then transferred to the Mediterranean theater where he bombed Malta, the British Mediterranean Fleet and flew in support of the Afrika Korps. Helbig received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords in late 1942 for the support of Field Marshal Erwin Rommel's 1942 summer offensive.
He was then banned from further combat flying and was assigned to the staff of the General of Bombers, the senior officer responsible for the Luftwaffe's bomber force. In August 1943 the ban was revoked and Helbig was appointed commander of LG 1 which was then operating against the Allied forces in Italy. In June 1944, he and LG 1 were transferred to France after the Invasion of Normandy. In early 1945, LG 1 was transferred to the Eastern Front and Helbig was tasked to destroy the bridges over the Oder. He surrendered to the American forces at the end of the war in May. After the war, Helbig pursued a civilian career; he died in 1985.
Early life
Joachim Helbig was born on 10 September 1915 in Dahlen, Saxony. He volunteered for military service on 1 April 1935 and initially served one year with an artillery regiment. In the fall of 1936, he transferred to the Luftwaffe and entered the Bomber Flying School in Lechfeld. After completing his training as an observer and aerial gunner on 20 April 1937, he was posted as an observer to the Bomber Wing (Kampfgeschwader (KG)) 152 in Schwerin.
World War II
Western Europe; Battle of Britain
At the beginning of World War II in September 1939, Helbig held the rank of Second Lieutenant and was serving as an observer in a 111 reconnaissance aircraft of Demonstration Wing 1 (Lehrgeschwader 1 (II./LG 1)) in 1938. He was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd Class following the campaign. Helbig took part in the April 1940 invasion of Norway (Operation Weserübung). As part of II. Gruppe, he flew missions in support of the German ground forces, particularly in the Åndalsnes area. During one of these missions on 2 May, his unit sank the Norwegian hospital ship with heavy losses. Following their attack on Dronning Maud, the German aircraft then bombed the nearby village of Gratangen, destroying several houses and killing two civilians. Shortly afterwards, the unit returned to Germany. During the Battle of France later that month, Helbig served as squadron commander of the Fourth Squadron of LG 1, flying both He 111 and Junkers Ju 88 bombers, a position he held until 5 November 1941. While attacking shipping during the Battle of Dunkirk on 1 June, Helbig's Ju 88 was intercepted by Supermarine Spitfires of No. 616 Squadron RAF. They damaged the aircraft, and lightly wounded Helbig, but he was able to return to base. For his actions, he was awarded the Iron Cross 1st Class.
Following the defeat of France, Helbig was promoted to captain (Hauptmann) in July and his unit remained in France to participate in the Battle of Britain. On 15 August 1940, Helbig and his squadron, consisting of seven Ju 88s, took off with the primary target of the British airfield at Worthy Down together with other German units. The Germans were intercepted by British fighters and the mission was very costly for 4. Staffel as over half the bombers were shot down by the British or were written off after landing. Helbig was forced to jettison his bombs before reaching the target and return to base, flying on a single engine with wounded crewmen aboard. During the battle, Helbig reported that his badly damaged Ju 88 was intercepted by a Spitfire over the English Channel. The RAF pilot did not fire, but instead flew alongside the crippled bomber until the French coast was in sight, waved and flew away. Historian Christer Bergström has suggested that this might have been Pilot Officer Richard Hardy from No. 234 Squadron RAF. As the battle continued, LG 1 mostly switched to bombing cities at night. Helbig was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 24 November, after having flown 75 combat missions.
North African and Mediterranean campaign
The Gruppe flew to Sicily in mid-January 1941 and attacked targets in Malta as well as British ships in the Mediterranean. On one of these missions they damaged the aircraft carrier on 16 January while she was docked for repairs in Grand Harbour, Malta. The unit was transferred to Bulgaria in early April in preparation for Operation Marita, the German invasions of Greece and Yugoslavia, where it participated in the bombing of Belgrade, Yugoslavia on 6 April. Shortly afterwards, it returned to Sicily and spent the rest of the campaign on anti-shipping missions near Southern Greece and Crete with occasional ground-attack missions. Two weeks later, on 21 April, II./LG 1 damaged the oil tanker south of Crete and unsuccessfully attacked a British convoy near Malta during Operation Tiger on 11 May.
The unit transferred to Athens on 16 May in preparation for the invasion of Crete (Operation Merkur) and continued its efforts to interdict shipping in Greek waters. It may have damaged the battleship on 27 May as the British were evacuating the island. II./LG 1 remained in the Mediterranean for the rest of the year, attacking targets in Palestine, Egypt and Libya, including long-range missions mining the Suez Canal and various ports at night.
Helbig became Gruppenkommandeur (group commander) of I./LG 1 on 5 November. The Gruppe briefly came under the command of Fliegerführer Afrika on 21 November and assisted III./LG 1 in supporting German ground forces during the British Operation Crusader offensive for five days. He was slightly wounded during a Royal Air Force bombing raid on the airfield at Benina, Libya, on 29 November, as his unit was staging through en route back to Greece. Helbig commanded the unit on operations against the Sidi Barrani–Alexandria rail line on 3 and 4 December. On 10 December the unit flew interdiction operations against the British Army south of Tobruk. Thereafter, the unit flew mine-laying operations off the Libyan coast. On 16 January 1942, Helbig became the 64th recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves after having completed 210 combat missions.
While on patrol approximately south of Crete on 11 May, Ju 88s from I./LG 1 detected four British destroyers, , Kipling, Jackal and Lively. The first wave of 14 Ju 88s from I./LG 1 attacked the destroyers later that afternoon, sank Lively and crippled Jackal. A second wave failed to find the destroyers, but the third wave of seven Ju 88s, led by Helbig, attacked the destroyers with the setting sun behind them. Helbig's aircraft sank Kipling at while Jackal later had to be scuttled. The attack was successful despite the presence of defending Bristol Beaufighters from No. 272 Squadron RAF. In June, British commandos attacked Helbig's unit at their base in Heraklion, Crete, and succeeded in blowing up seven Ju 88s. On 28 September 1942 he was awarded the 20th Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords.
Italian campaign and post-war life
In January 1943, Helbig was transferred to the staff of the General der Kampfflieger (Commander of Bombers). In March 1943 he was appointed the General der Kampfflieger and was promoted to Oberstleutnant (lieutenant colonel) on 1 September. After numerous difficulties and clashes with his superiors, including Field Marshal Albert Kesselring, he returned to LG 1 as its Geschwaderkommodore (wing commander) on 14 August.
When his Geschwader was transferred to Italy to operate against the Allied beachheads at Anzio and Nettuno in Italy after the landings there (Operation Shingle) on 22 January 1944, Helbig was appointed as the commander of all bomber units in Italy. On the night of 23/24 January, his aircraft sank the destroyer HMS Janus with a torpedo and damaged severely Jervis with a Henschel Hs 293 glider bomb at the cost of 11 aircraft. The Corsica operation was a success and these long-range operations destroyed 23 aircraft and damaged 90.
In June 1944, LG 1 was ordered to transfer to Belgium for air defense during the Allied invasion of France. Helbig formed a combined ground support and reconnaissance battle group as part of the Luftwaffe's operations against the Allied bombing campaign on 10 September 1944. Visiting unit at the Vogelsang Airfield, he was severely wounded by strafing Allied aircraft. Due to his injuries Helbig had to surrender command of his unit.
In the last weeks of the war in Europe, Helbig commanded a combat unit on the Eastern Front; he surrendered to the American forces on 8 May 1945. After the war he returned to civilian life, becoming the director of the Schultheiss brewery plant in Berlin. Helbing died in Malente on 5 October 1985 following a car accident on vacation in Spain.
Awards
Medaglia d'Argento al Valor Militare
Iron Cross (1939) 2nd class (16 September 1939) & 1st class (20 June 1940)
Ehrenpokal der Luftwaffe (6 October 1940)
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords
Knight's Cross on 24 November 1940 as Hauptmann and Staffelkapitän of the 4.(K)/Lehrgeschwader 1
64th Oak Leaves on 16 January 1942 as Hauptmann and Gruppenkommandeur of the I.(K)/Lehrgeschwader 1
20th Swords on 28 September 1942 as Hauptmann and Gruppenkommandeur of the I.(K)/Lehrgeschwader 1
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Bergström, Christer (2015). The Battle of Britain: An Epic Conflict Revisited. Casemate: Oxford. .
Mason, Francis (1969). Battle Over Britain. McWhirter Twins, London.
1915 births
1985 deaths
Luftwaffe pilots
People from Nordsachsen
People from the Kingdom of Saxony
German World War II bomber pilots
German expatriates in Spain
Recipients of the Silver Medal of Military Valor
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords
Road incident deaths in Spain
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the United States
NGC 834 is a spiral galaxy located in the Andromeda constellation. It is estimated to be 160 million light-years away from the Milky Way galaxy and has a diameter of about 65,000 light-years. The object was discovered on September 21, 1786 by the astronomer William Herschel.
References
Discoveries by William Herschel
Spiral galaxies
834
Galaxies discovered in 1786
Andromeda (constellation)
008352
Heze Daily (), also known as Heze Ribao, is a Shandong-based simplified Chinese newspaper published in the People's Republic of China, it is the organ newspaper of the Heze Municipal Committee of the Chinese Communist Party.
Heze Daily was inaugurated on October 1, 1991, and its predecessor was Heze Public (菏泽大众). It's sponsored and supervised by the Heze Municipal Committee of the CCP, and is published by Heze Daily Agency (菏泽日报社).
History
Heze Daily was founded on October 1, 1991. On October 1, 2000, with the approval of the General Administration of Press and Publication, it launched a lifestyle newspaper, the Peony Evening Post .
References
Mass media in Shandong
Publications established in 1991
Daily newspapers published in China
Chinese-language newspapers (Simplified Chinese)
Chinese Communist Party newspapers
Riva Peaks is a line of rock peaks in Antarctica that jut westward for 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) from the south part of Torbert Escarpment in the Neptune Range, Pensacola Mountains. They were mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos from 1956 to 1966. They were named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Merced G. Rivas, a radioman at Ellsworth Station during the winter of 1958.
Mountains of Queen Elizabeth Land
Pensacola Mountains
The Seboomook Lake and Saint John Railroad was a forest railway built to transfer pulpwood between drainage basins in the Maine North Woods. The railroad was built slowly in preparation for anticipated pulpwood harvesting, but onset of the Great Depression caused the railroad to be dismantled when harvesting plans were delayed.
History
Spruce forests of the Maine North Woods were a source of pulpwood through the 20th century. Trees were bucked into lengths and loaded onto sleds towed by draft animals or log haulers to the nearest river or lake. Log drives would float the pulpwood logs to a downstream paper mill when the snow and ice melted. Pulpwood growing in the upper Saint John River drainage was destined for Great Northern Paper Company's Millinocket mill on the West Branch Penobscot River. The problem was getting the pulpwood out of the north-flowing Saint John River into the east-flowing Penobscot River.
An rail route from Fifth Saint John Pond to the Penobscot River at Seboomook Lake was surveyed in 1910 after Great Northern Paper Company acquired forest lands along the Baker Branch Saint John River. Construction delayed by World War I began in the summer of 1919. of right of way were cleared that year and 60,000 logs were cut for railroad ties and telephone poles. Bridges were built in 1920 and two wharves were completed on Seboomook Lake for steamboats bringing supplies to the railroad. The first was at the railroad's South Terminal and the other was at the northern end of the ancient northwest carry from Moosehead Lake. A sawmill was built at South terminal that winter; and an engine house, offices, cook shacks, and living quarters for a 300-man construction crew were erected in the spring of 1921. The old gauge Carry Pond and Carry Brook Railroad over northwest carry was rebuilt in to transfer railway equipment from Coburn Steamboat Company barges on Moosehead Lake to the Seboomook Lake barge Pittston launched on June 7, 1921. Barges initially delivered a narrow gauge work train of flatcars and dump cars. It was followed by a steam shovel, teams of horses, and a standard gauge Climax locomotive with fifteen railroad cars to carry of pulpwood each.
The Climax locomotive had been built in 1910 for the Conway Company of Conway, New Hampshire, and was delivered to Moosehead Lake by the Maine Central Railroad in July. New Baldwin 2-6-2 #1 arrived at Moosehead Lake about the same time. Climax #2 arrived at South Terminal on July 6, but Baldwin #1 was returned to the manufacturer. of track were laid before construction was halted in the autumn of 1922. Telephone line was strung in 1923, but the Climax rested in the engine house until construction resumed in 1926. Construction was again halted when rails reached Fourth Saint John Pond as attention shifted to pulpwood delivery over the Eagle Lake and West Branch Railroad. No pulpwood trains ever ran to Seboomook Lake. The railroad was ultimately used by a Ford truck with flanged wheels to deliver supplies from the lake to logging camps through World War II, and rails were removed converting the right of way to a truck road after the war.
References
Defunct Maine railroads
Maine logging railroads
North Maine Woods
American companies established in 1921
Railway companies established in 1921
Railway companies disestablished in 1929
1921 establishments in Maine
1929 disestablishments in Maine
Mesti may refer to:
Imset, one of the sons of Horus, whose name is sometimes transcribed Mesti
Mesti, Morocco a small village of the Guelmim-Oued Noun.
Mestis may refer to:
Mestis, a league of hockey in Finland.
Alfredo Di Stéfano was an Argentinian-born professional footballer who played for both Argentina and Spain between 1947 and 1961, and scored 29 international goals during that time. He played as a deep-lying forward, and is considered one of the best players of all time. Di Stéfano was one of the first footballers to control matches by roaming the pitch, unusual in an era when most players did not stray from their set position. He was twice awarded the Ballon d'Or as European football's player of the year; in 1957 and 1959.
Di Stéfano made his international debut for Argentina in December 1947, scoring a goal during a 7–0 win against Bolivia. He scored six goals, including his first international hat-trick—against Colombia—during his six appearances for Argentina. These all came during the 1947 South American Championship, which Argentina won. In 1949, he was one of many Argentinian players who left the country to play in an unsanctioned Colombian league which paid higher wages than those available in his native country. During his time there, he appeared four times for Colombia in matches that are not recognised by FIFA. He moved to Real Madrid in 1953, and gained Spanish citizenship three years later.
He debuted for Spain in January 1957, scoring a hat-trick in a friendly against the Netherlands. Generally, he was less successful internationally than with Real Madrid; The Guardians Brian Glanville suggested that he was unable to dictate play within the defensive structure established by Spain's manager Helenio Herrera. Nevertheless, he scored 23 goals in 31 matches for his adopted country, becoming Spain's leading goal-scorer, which he remained until Emilio Butragueño surpassed his total in 1990.
Di Stéfano scored more goals against Chile than any other team, doing so five times: once for Argentina and four times for Spain. He was most prolific at the Estadio George Capwell and Santiago Bernabéu stadiums, scoring six goals at each. Of Di Stéfano's 29 goals, 16 were scored in friendlies. In competitive matches, he scored six times in the South American Championship, four times in FIFA World Cup qualification matches, and three times in his two UEFA European Championship qualification matches.
International goals
Di Stefano's team's score listed first, score column indicates score after each Di Stefano goal.
Statistics
Notes
References
Di Stefano
Argentina national football team records and statistics
Spain national football team records and statistics
Treaty of Bangkok or Bangkok Treaty may refer to:
Burney Treaty (20 June 1826)
Siamese–American Treaty of Amity and Commerce (14 April 1836)
Bowring Treaty (18 April 1855)
Anglo-Siamese Treaty of 1909 (10 March)
Treaty between Thailand and Japan Concerning the Continuance of Friendly Relations and the Mutual Respect of Each Other's Territorial Integrity (23 December 1940)
Treaty of Amity and Economic Relations (Thailand–United States) (29 May 1966)
Treaty of Amity and Cooperation in Southeast Asia (24 February 1976)
Southeast Asian Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zone Treaty (15 December 1995)
A double referendum was held in Uruguay on 31 October 1999 alongside general elections. Voters were asked two questions; whether they approved of two initiatives, one on the financial autonomy of the judiciary, and one on preventing directors of state-owned companies from becoming MPs. Both were rejected by voters.
Initiatives
Judiciary
The referendum on the financial judiciary of the judiciary was put forward by the General Assembly after being approved by 41 of the 99 members of the Chamber of Deputies and 12 of the 30 members of the Senate. It would involve amending articles 220, 233 and 239 of the constitution.
Directors of state-owned companies
The referendum on directors of state-owned companies was also put forward by the General Assembly, where it was approved by 61 Deputies and 20 Senators.
Results
Judiciary
Directors of state-owned companies
References
Uruguay
Referendum
Referendums in Uruguay
Uruguay
"It's Your Love" is a song written by Stephony Smith and originally recorded by American country music artist Tim McGraw. It was released in May 1997 as the first single from his album Everywhere. The song, featuring wife Faith Hill, reached number one on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart in its fifth week on the chart. The song stayed there for six weeks (the first time a song spent that many weeks there since "Luckenbach, Texas (Back to the Basics of Love)" in 1977), and became McGraw's and Hill's first top-ten hit on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number seven. American pop trio She Moves covered the song in 1997.
Music video
The music video was directed and produced by Sherman Halsey, and premiered on CMT on May 14, 1997, when CMT named it a "Hot Shot". Hill was pregnant with their oldest daughter Gracie Katherine when it was filmed.
Track listing
Promo CD
It's Your Love (Hot A/C Mix)
Single
It's Your Love 3:40
She Never Lets It Go To Her Heart 3:02
Awards
Academy of Country Music Awards
Country Music Association
Grammy Awards
Charts
Tim McGraw and Faith Hill version
Year-end charts
She Moves version
Certifications
Other versions
German singer Gil Ofarim recorded a cover of this song.
American boy bands Natural and LMNT each recorded a cover of the song for their albums Keep It Natural and All Sides, respectively.
S Club singer Jo O'Meara recorded a cover of this song for her solo album Relentless in 2005.
French pop singer Cherie covered the song for her debut album in 2004.
References
1997 singles
1997 songs
Tim McGraw songs
Faith Hill songs
She Moves songs
Billboard Hot Country Songs number-one singles of the year
Music videos directed by Sherman Halsey
Song recordings produced by Byron Gallimore
Song recordings produced by James Stroud
Songs written by Stephony Smith
Curb Records singles
EMI Records singles
Geffen Records singles
Male–female vocal duets
Country ballads
Pop ballads
In mathematics, the Dwork unit root zeta function, named after Bernard Dwork, is the L-function attached to the p-adic Galois representation arising from the p-adic etale cohomology of an algebraic variety defined over a global function field of characteristic p. The Dwork conjecture (1973) states that his unit root zeta function is p-adic meromorphic everywhere. This conjecture was proved
by Wan (2000).
References.
Zeta and L-functions
Conjectures that have been proved
The year 716 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. In the Roman Empire, it was known as year 38 Ab urbe condita . The denomination 716 BC for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.
Events
Roman legend marks this as the date that Romulus ended his rule.
The Sicilian colony of Chersonesos is established (or 717 BC).
Births
Deaths
Ahaz, king of Judah (or 715 BC)
References
710s BC
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Events
Spring – August Derleth launches the poetry magazine Hawk and Whippoorwill in the United States.
September 5 – Welsh poet Waldo Williams is imprisoned for six weeks for non-payment of income tax (a protest against defence spending).
An inscription of an excerpt of the Poema de Fernán González is discovered on a roofing tile in Merindad de Sotoscueva, the earliest known record of it.
Works published in English
Listed by nation where the work was first published and again by the poet's native land, if different; substantially revised works listed separately:
Canada
Margaret Avison, Winter Sun
Daryl Hine, The Devil's Picture Book
Kenneth McRobbie, Eyes Without a Face
Eli Mandel, Fuseli Poems
Peter Miller, Sonata for Frog and Man
Anthologies
Edmund Snow Carpenter, American anthropologist, editor, Anerca, anonymous Eskimo poems, with drawings by Enooesweetok
A. J. M. Smith, editor, The Oxford book of Canadian verse, in English and French, including untranslated poems in French combined in chronological order with English-language poems
India, in English
Nissim Ezekiel, The Unfinished Man: Poems Written in 1959, Calcutta: Writers Workshop, India
Dom Moraes, John Nobody, Indian at this time living in the United Kingdom
Deb Kumar Das, The Night before Us, Calcutta: Writers Workshop, India
Pradip Sen, And Then the Sun, first edition (revised edition, 1968), Calcutta: Writers Workshop, India
Raul De Loyola Furtado, The Oleanders and Other Poems, Calcutta: Writers Workshop, India
Keshav Malik, The Rippled Shadow
Barjor Paymaster, the Last Farewell and Other Poems, Bombay: Asia Publishing House
V. Madhusudan Reddy, Sapphires of Solitude, Hyderabad: V. Man Mohan Reddy
Sasthi Brata, Eleven Poems, Calcutta: published by the author
United Kingdom
W. H. Auden, Homage to Clio
Sir John Betjeman, Summoned by Bells
Edwin Bronk, A Family Affair, Northwood, Middlesex: Scorpion Press
Austin Clarke, The Hore-Eaters (see also Ancient Lights 1955, Too Great a Vine 1957)
Patric Dickinson, The World I See
Lawrence Durrell, Collected Poems
D. J. Enright, Some Men Are Brothers
Ted Hughes, Lupercal, London: Faber and Faber; New York: Harper
John Knight, Straight Lines and Unicorns
Peter Levi, The Gravel Ponds
Patrick Kavanagh, Come Dance with Kitty Stobling
Norman MacCaig, A Common Grace
Dom Moraes, Poems, Indian at this time living in the United Kingdom
Edwin Muir, Collected Poems (posthumous)
Sylvia Plath, The Colossus and Other Poems, American at this time living in the United Kingdom
William Plomer, Collected Poems
Peter Redgrove, The Collector, and Other Poems, London: Routledge and Kegan Paul
James Reeves, Collected Poems 1929–59
Charles Tomlinson, Seeing is Believing
Andrew Young, Collected Poems
United States
John Ashbery, The Poems
W. H. Auden, Homage to Clio
Paul Blackburn, Brooklyn Manhattan Transit: A Bouquet for Flatbush
Gwendolyn Brooks, The Bean Eaters, including "We Real Cool"
Witter Bynner, New Poems
Gregory Corso, The Happy Birthday of Death
Louis Coxe, The Middle Passage
E. E. Cummings, Collected Poems
James Dickey, Into the Stone
Robert Duncan:
The Opening of the Field
Selected Poems, San Francisco: City Lights Books
Richard Eberhart, Collected Poems 1930–1960
Paul Engle, Poems in Praise, including the sonnet sequence "For the Iowa Dead"
Jean Garrigue, A Water Walk by Villa d'Este
Ramon Guthrie, Graffiti
Anthony Hecht, A Bestiary
Daryl Hine, The Devil's Picture Book
Daniel G. Hoffman, A Little Geste and Other Poems
Randall Jarrell, The Woman at the Washington Zoo, New York: Atheneum
LeRoi Jones, Preface to a Twenty Volume Suicide Note, New York: Totem/Corinth Books
Donald Justice, The Summer Anniversaries
Weldon Kees, The Collected Poems of Weldon Kees posthumous, edited by Donald Justice
Jack Kerouac, Mexico City Blues
Galway Kinnell, What a Kingdom It Was, Boston: Houghton Mifflin
Denise Levertov, With Eyes at the Back of Our Heads
Robert Lowell, Life Studies, New York: Farrar, Straus & Cudahy
Phyllis McGinley, Times Three: Selected Verse from Three Decades
James Merrill, Water Street, Atheneum Publishers
W. S. Merwin:
The Drunk in the Furnace, New York: Macmillan (reprinted as part of The First Four Books of Poems, 1975)
Translator, The Satires of Persius, Bloomington, Indiana: Indiana University Press
Joesphine Miles, Poems 1930–1960
Howard Moss, A Winter Come, a Summer Gone: Poems 1946-1960, New York: Scribner's
Howard Nemerov, New and Selected Poems, University of Chicago Press
John Frederick Nims, Knowledge of the Evening
Charles Olson:
The Distances, New York: Grove Press
The Maximus Poems, New York: Jargon/Corinth Books
Kenneth Patchen, Because It Is
Ezra Pound, Thrones: 96-109 de los Cantares, multi-lingual cantos
Carl Sandburg, Wind Song
Anne Sexton, To Bedlam and Part Way Back, Boston: Houghton Mifflin
Wilfred Townley Scott, Scrimshaw
W. D. Snodgrass, Heart's Needle
Gary Snyder, Myths and Texts
William Stafford, West of Your City
Eleanor Ross Taylor, Wilderness of Ladies
Theodore Weiss, Outlanders, New York: Macmillan
Reed Whittemore, The Self-Made Man and Other Poems
Yvor Winters, Collected Poems, Chicago: The Swallow Press
Criticism, scholarship and biography
Cleanth Brooks and Robert Penn Warren, Understanding Poetry (college textbook), originally published in 1938, goes into its third edition (a fourth will be published in 1976)
Ed Dorn, What I See in the Maximum Poems, Migrant Press (criticism)
Karl Shapiro, In Defense of Ignorance, an attack on the dominant critical values of modern poetry in the vein of T. S. Eliot, W. B. Yeats and Ezra Pound
The New American Poetry 1945-1960
The New American Poetry 1945-1960, a poetry anthology edited by Donald Allen, and published in 1960, aimed to pick out the "third generation" of American modernist poets. In the longer term it attained a classic status, with critical approval and continuing sales. It was reprinted in 1999.
Poets represented:
Helen Adam – John Ashbery – Paul Blackburn – Robin Blaser – Ebbe Borregaard – Bruce Boyd – Ray Bremser – Brother Antoninus – James Broughton – Paul Carroll – Gregory Corso – Robert Creeley – Edward Dorn – Kirby Doyle – Robert Duerden – Robert Duncan – Larry Eigner – Lawrence Ferlinghetti – Edward Field – Allen Ginsberg – Madeline Gleason – Barbara Guest – LeRoi Jones – Jack Kerouac – Kenneth Koch – Philip Lamantia – Denise Levertov – Ron Loewinsohn – Edward Marshall – Michael McClure – David Meltzer – Frank O'Hara – Charles Olson – Joel Oppenheimer – Peter Orlovsky – Stuart Perkoff – James Schuyler – Gary Snyder – Gilbert Sorrentino – Jack Spicer – Lew Welch – Philip Whalen – John Wieners – Jonathan Williams
Other in English
Allen Curnow, The Penguin Book of New Zealand Verse, New Zealand
Works in other languages
Listed by nation where the work was first published and again by the poet's native land, if different; substantially revised works listed separately:
French language
Canada, in French
Anne Hébert, Poèmes
Michèle Lalonde:
Songe de la fiancée détruite
Geôles
Paul Morin, Géronte et son mirior
Jean-Guy Pilon, La mouette et le large, Montréal: l'Hexagone
Yves Préfontaine, L'Antre du poème
Pierre Trottier, Les Belles au bois dormant
Gilles Vigneault, Etraves
Criticism, scholarship and biography
Gérard Bessette, Les Images en poésie canadienne-française
France
Louis Aragon, Les Poetes
Aimé Césaire, Ferrements, Martinique author published in France; Paris: Editions du Seuil
Georges-Emmanuel Clancier, Evidences
Michel Deguy, Fragments du cadastre
Mohammed Dib, Ombre gardienne, with a preface by Louis Aragon
Jean Follain, Des Heures
Paul Géraldy, Vous et moi
Pierre Jean Jouve, Proses
Pierre Oster, Un nom toujours nouveau
Saint-John Perse, Chronique
Jacques Prévert, Histoires
Tchicaya U Tam'si, À triche-coeur
Spanish language
Latin America
Manuel Blanco-González, La luna et lluvia
Dolores Castro, Cantares de vela
Pablo Antonio Cuadra, El jaguar y la luna (Nicaragua), winner of the Rubén Darío Prize
Manuel Durán, La paloma azul
Germán Pardo García, Centauro al sol
León de Greiff, Obras completas, with a preliminary study by Jorge Zalamea (Colombia)
Carlos García-Prada, editor, Escala del sueño, anthology of 35 Castilian lyrical poets
Elías Nandino, Nocturna palabra (Mexico)
Criticism, scholarship and biography
Emilio Armaza, Eguren, an anthology and analysis of the Peruvian poet's verse
Antonio Oliver Belmás, Este otro Rubén Darío
Gastón Figueira, De la vida y la obra de Gabriela Mistral
Manuel Pedro González, editor, Antología crítica de José Marti, including writing by Darío, Gabriela Mistral, Unamuno, and Onís
Glen L. Kolb, Juan del Valle y Caviedes, "A Study of the Life, Times and Poetry of a Spanish Colonial Satirist"
Eduardo Neale-Silva, Horizonte humano, the first detailed biographical study of the Colombian poet José Eustasio Rivera
Federico de Onís, Luis Palês Matos—vida y obra-bibliografía, antología, poesías, inéditas, a study of the Puerto Rican poet's life and artistic development
Other
Odysseus Elytis, Έξη και μια τύψεις για τον ουρανό ("Six Plus One Remorses For The Sky"), Greece
H. M. Enzensberger, editor, Museum der modernen Poesie, anthology of international modernist poetry, German
Haim Gouri, Shoshanat Ruhot ("Compass Rose"), Israeli writing in Hebrew
Jess Ørnsbo, Digte ("Poems"), Denmark
Klaus Rifbjerg, Konfrontation, Denmark
Kedarnath Singh, Abhi Bilkul Abhi, Allahabad: Natya Sahitya Prakashan; India, Hindi
Awards and honors
Nobel Prize in Literature: St. John Perse (France)
United Kingdom
Eric Gregory Award: Christopher Levenson
Queen's Gold Medal for Poetry: John Betjeman
United States
National Book Award for Poetry: Robert Lowell, Life Studies
Pulitzer Prize for Poetry: W. D. Snodgrass: Heart's Needle
Bollingen Prize: Delmore Schwartz
Fellowship of the Academy of American Poets: Jesse Stuart
Prizes from other nations
First State Poetry Price (Greece): Odysseus Elytis
Prix Dante (France): Pierre Jean Jouve
Canada: Governor General's Award, poetry or drama: Winter Sun, Margaret Avison
Canada: Governor General's Award, Poésie et théâtre: Poèmes, Anne Hébert
Births
January 28 – Robert von Dassanowsky, American academic, writer, poet, film and cultural historian and producer
February 12 – George Elliott Clarke, Canadian poet and playwright
April 1 – Frieda Hughes, English-born poet, children's writer and painter
May 5 - Thomas Boberg, Danish poet and travel writer
August 31 – Makarand Paranjape, Indian poet
October 30 – Kathleen Flenniken, American writer, poet, editor and educator
December 22 – Elvis McGonagall, born Richard Smith, Scottish-born slam poet
Jeffery Donaldson, Canadian poet, critic and theorist
Katrina Porteous, Scottish-born poet
Dipti Saravanamuttu, Sri Lankan-Australian poet, academic, journalist and scriptwriter, moves to Australia as a child in 1972
Alexis Stamatis, Greek poet
Karenne Wood, Native American poet
Deaths
Birth years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
January 4 – Nima Yooshij, 62 (born 1897), Iranian poet
January 14 – Ralph Chubb, 77 (born 1892), English poet, printer and artist
February 21 – Walter D'Arcy Cresswell (born 1896), New Zealand poet
February 28 – F. S. Flint (born 1885), English poet, translator and prominent member of the Imagist group
March 23 – Franklin Pierce Adams, 78 (born 1881), American writer whose "The Conning Tower" column gave critical publicity to many poets and writers, translator of poetry
May 30 – Boris Pasternak, 70 (born 1890), Russian poet and writer, winner of Nobel Prize in Literature 1958, lung cancer
June 17 – Pierre Reverdy (born 1889), French poet
August 8 – Harry Kemp, 76 (born 1883), American poet
August 19 – Frances Cornford (born 1886), English poet
August 25 – David Diop (born 1927), French West African poet, air crash
October 28 – Margarita Abella Caprile (born 1901), Argentine poet
October 31 – H. L. Davis, 66 (born 1894), American fiction writer and poet
November 5 – Richard Rudzitis, 62 (born 1898), Latvian poet, writer and philosopher
November 9 – Yoshii Isamu 吉井勇 (born 1886), Japanese, Taishō and Shōwa period tanka poet and playwright
December 25 – H. W. Garrod, 81 (born 1878), English literary scholar
See also
List of poetry awards
List of years in poetry
Poetry
References
Poetry
20th-century poetry
George Freville (died 1579), was an English judge and MP.
Biography
Freville was of a family settled at Little Shelford, Cambridgeshire, from the reign of Edward II, was the second son of Robert Freville and Rose Peyton. He was educated at Cambridge, and studied common law at Barnard's Inn, and afterwards became a member of the Middle Temple, where he was reader in 1558, performing his duties by Edmund Plowden, his deputy, and again in Lent 1559. On the death of his elder brother John without issue in 1552, he succeeded to the family estates.
On St. Matthias day 1552, he was elected recorder of Cambridge, and admitted to office on 25 March 1553. He was in the special commission of oyer and terminer issued for Cambridgeshire on 8 August 1553, when indictments for high treason were found against the Duke of Northumberland and other adherents of Lady Jane Grey. By patent, on 31 January 1559, though not yet a serjeant, he was created third baron of the exchequer. He obtained the royal permission to retain his office of recorder of Cambridge, but the town refused to submit to this. On 28 April 1564 he became second baron, and in May 1579 he died, and was succeeded by Robert Shute 1 June. He was a Member of the Parliament of England for Preston in 1547.
References
Year of birth missing
1579 deaths
People from Little Shelford
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Members of the Middle Temple
English MPs 1547–1552
Nuphar variegata (variegated pond-lily, bullhead pond-lily or yellow pond-lily) is a plant in the water lily family, Nymphaeaceae. It is native to much of Canada and the northernmost of the United States.
Description
Nuphar variegata is an aquatic plant with alternate, simple leaves, on submerged stems. The leaves tend to float on the surface of the water, rather than emerge above as in other Canadian species of Nuphar. The flowers are yellow, borne in summer.
References
Nymphaeaceae
Flora of North America
Aquatic plants
Plants described in 1866
Dorothy Ames Jeffress, known as Amy Jeffress, is an attorney and former public official in the United States. She is a partner at the law firm Arnold & Porter.
Early life and education
Jeffress is the daughter of William H. Jeffress Jr., a prominent Washington defense attorney, and Judith Jeffress, a social worker. Jeffress graduated from Williams College and obtained a master's degree in political science from the Free University of Berlin. She completed her law degree at Yale Law School. She worked as a law clerk for Judge Gerhard A. Gesell, and then, following his death in 1993, completed her clerkship with Judge Thomas F. Hogan.
Career
During the Clinton administration, Jeffress worked for the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) as a prosecutor. She worked as a national security counselor to Attorney General Eric Holder and then as the Justice department attache at the U.S. embassy in London for three years. During her tenure as a national security prosecutor at the DOJ, she consulted with U.S. District Judge Royce Lamberth, who then agreed in 2008 to unseal documents from the FBI investigation into the 2001 anthrax attacks. As an advisor to Holder, she created interagency task forces to review the cases of detainees at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp.
In 2014, Jeffress joined the law firm Arnold & Porter as a partner, with a focus on criminal defense, national security law, and white collar business practices. In November 2015, she was also appointed as a public advocate at the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC). As a public advocate, she contributed as an amicus curae after being asked to examine intelligence gathering and retention practices by national security agencies and the FBI, and she wrote the FBI practices "go far beyond the purpose for which the Section 702-acquired information is collected in permitting queries that are unrelated to national security" and "These practices do not comply with ... the Fourth Amendment."
In 2016, Jeffress participated in the mock trial of Winston vs. Oceania, based on the George Orwell novel 1984, which aired on C-SPAN. In 2018, Jeffress represented Lisa Page. In 2020 and 2021, Jeffress represented Anne Sacoolas, the wife of a U.S. diplomat involved in a fatal car crash in the United Kingdom.
Honors and awards
2006 Attorney General's John Marshall Award
Personal life
Her brother Jonathan Jeffress has worked for the Office of the Federal Public Defender.
Jeffress is married to Christopher R. Cooper, Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. Merrick Garland officiated at their wedding.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Williams College alumni
Free University of Berlin alumni
Yale Law School alumni
21st-century American lawyers
21st-century American women lawyers
Law clerks
United States Department of Justice lawyers
Arnold & Porter people
Richard Gordon Guindon (December 2, 1935 – February 27, 2022) was an American cartoonist best known for his gag panel Guindon. Guindon's cartoons have appeared in the Minneapolis Tribune, The Realist, and the Detroit Free Press.
Biography
During the late 1950s, Guindon attended the University of Minnesota, where he drew cartoons for The Minnesota Daily, as recalled by Stan Gotlieb:
Living in New York City during the early 1960s, Guindon began contributing to The Nation, Playboy, Esquire and Down Beat. He also drew cartoons for Paul Krassner's The Realist and was associated with Krassner's class at the Free School. Guindon's best known work from the 1960s was published in The Realist, which included adult-themed references to politics and current events of the time.
Leaving New York, Guindon returned to Minnesota, where Mpls.St.Paul Magazine said in its "Encyclopedia Minnesotica" that Guindon is "Minnesota's greatest satirist".
In 1981, Guindon moved from Minnesota to work in Michigan for the Detroit Free Press, which issued a 1984 datebook, Guindon's Detroit. In May 1984, he made an appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson. He had a three-month art exhibition, "Richard Guindon, 1981–1984", at the Flint Institute of Arts from March 10 to May 26, 1985. That same year, he took an extended vacation, continuing to draw his cartoons while driving around Europe.
Guindon began his self-titled cartoon series for the Minneapolis Tribune in 1974. At first it appeared three to four times per week, then became a daily in 1978 when it was picked up by the Los Angeles Times Syndicate. In 1981, the syndication was moved to Field Newspaper Syndicate, and then in 1984 to News America Syndicate. The syndication of the panel appears to have ended in 1985, but the cartoon may have survived as a feature of the Detroit Free Press until later, perhaps 1987.
When he returned to the United States, he moved to Traverse City, Michigan in March 1986, and the following August he set up his studio in the Masonic Hall building in downtown Traverse City with a third-floor view of Grand Traverse Bay. Eight months later, the historic four-story building was destroyed by fire. "I've lost 30-some years of work", said Guindon. "It's funny this building should wait 97 years for me to move into it before burning. It really hasn't hit me yet. I think tomorrow is going to be a very grim day." More than 5,000 cartoons and sketches burned in the April 1987 fire, but a few weeks later Guindon learned that Irv Letofsky, Sunday editor of the Los Angeles Times "Calendar" section, had saved a copy of every Guindon cartoon syndicated over a decade.
In 1988, Guindon broke out of the single-panel mold and began a multi-panel comic strip, The Carp Chronicles, commenting, "Nothing ever works out in Carp City. I don't know why. They're very nice people. It's not a pretty story, but it has to be told."
Guindon announced his retirement in 2005 and lived in Northern Michigan in the village of Suttons Bay in his later years.
Guindon died in Northport, Michigan, on February 27, 2022, at the age of 86.
Bibliography
Guindon's cartoons have been collected in several books:
Guindon (Minneapolis Tribune, 1977),
Cartoons by Guindon (Putnam's/Quick Fox, 1980),
The World According to Carp (Andrews McMeel, 1983),
Together Again (Andrews McMeel, 1986)
Michigan So Far (Detroit Free Press, 2003)
References
External links
The Realist Archive Project
The Richard Guindon official site, archived from the original on 11 May 2018.
The Education of a Comics Artist: Visual Narrative in Cartoons, Graphic Novels, and Beyond by Michael Patrick Dooley and Steven Heller
"Richard Guindon, quirky and satirical former Free Press cartoonist, dies at 86," by Patty LaNoue Stearns, Feb. 28, 2022, Detroit Free Press
1935 births
2022 deaths
American comic strip cartoonists
American comics artists
American humorists
Artists from Saint Paul, Minnesota
University of Minnesota alumni
Vilakkapetta Bendhangal is a 1969 Indian Malayalam film, directed by M. S. Mani. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sathyan, Ambika and Adoor Bhasi in the lead roles. The film had musical score by A. T. Ummer.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Sathyan
Ambika
Adoor Bhasi
T. R. Omana
K. P. Ummer
Khadeeja
Sadhana
T. K. Balachandran
Ushakumari
Soundtrack
The music was composed by A. T. Ummer and the lyrics were written by Dr. Pavithran.
References
External links
1969 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
is an amusement park in Gamagōri, Aichi, Japan. It is home to the Aqua Wind, Pirates' Blast and Stellar roller coasters. The park was also the first Magiquest live role playing game location outside of the United States.
Lagunasia was opened on April 25, 2002. The construction of the amusement park is located in the Laguna Gamagōri, a resort which was a renewal project around the coast of Gamagōri city.
References
External links
Amusement parks in Japan
Buildings and structures in Aichi Prefecture
2002 establishments in Japan
Tourist attractions in Aichi Prefecture
Gamagōri, Aichi
Raitt is a surname. Notable people with the name include:
Alan Raitt (1930–2006), British scholar of French literature
Bay Raitt (fl. 1980s-present), United States digital modeler and animator, currently working in New Zealand
Bonnie Raitt (born 1949), United States musician
Douglas S. Raitt (died 1944), Scottish marine biologist
George Raitt (1880s – ?), Scottish athlete in football (played for Huddersfield Town)
John Raitt (1917–2005), United States actor and singer
Lisa Raitt, PC, MP (born 1968), Canadian politician, the Conservative Party Member of Parliament for the riding of Halton
Noel Raitt (born 1943), Australian athlete in Australian-rules football (played for Essendon during the 1960s)
See also
Bonnie Raitt (album), the self-titled debut album by Bonnie Raitt, released in 1971
Raitt, Kangra, Development Block of District Kangra in Himachal Pradesh India
Raitt's sand eel, Ammodytes marinus, is a fish in the family Ammodytidae
Mountain Creek Waterpark is a water park located in Vernon, New Jersey, United States, on the grounds of the Mountain Creek ski resort. The park consists primarily of water-based attractions and opened in 1998. Its predecessor, Action Park, one of the first modern American water parks, was open from 1978 until 1996 and became infamous for its poor safety record. At least six people are known to have died as a result of mishaps on rides at the original park. Despite this, the park was very popular and attracted thrill-seekers from across the New York metropolitan area.
On February 9, 1998, Intrawest announced the purchase of the majority of the Vernon Valley/Great Gorge ski area, including the Action Park property. After a massive overhaul, which included revamping rides and removing attractions deemed either outright unsafe or inappropriate relative to Intrawest's vision, the water park was reopened as Mountain Creek Waterpark. In 2010, the Mountain Creek ski area and waterpark was sold to a group led by Eugene Mulvihill, the former owner of Vernon Valley/Great Gorge and the owner of the adjacent Crystal Springs Resort. It was under the new ownership that the name of the water park was changed back to Action Park in 2014. Two years later, the name was reverted to Mountain Creek Waterpark.
History
Action Park (1978–1996)
The idea for the park began in 1976 when Eugene Mulvihill and his company, Great American Recreation, the owners of the recently combined Vernon Valley/Great Gorge ski area, wanted to find a way to generate revenue during the summer, so they opened a alpine slide down one of the steep ski trails. For the summer of 1978, Mulvihill added two water slides and a go-kart track, and named the collection of rides the Vernon Valley Summer Park. Additional attractions would be built by 1980, and the park would evolve to a major destination with 75 rides (35 motorized, self-controlled rides and 40 water slides).
The park entertained over one million visitors per year during the 1980s, with as many as 12,000 coming on some of the busiest weekends. However, Action Park became infamous for poorly designed, unsafe rides; under-aged, under-trained, and often under-the-influence staff; intoxicated, unprepared visitors; and a consequently poor safety record. At least six people are known to have died as a result of mishaps on rides at the original park, and as such, it was given nicknames such as "Traction Park", "Accident Park", and "Class Action Park". In September 1989, GAR tried and failed to negotiate a deal with International Broadcasting Corporation that would result in the sale of Vernon Valley/Great Gorge, and Action Park, for $50 million.
A few rides were closed and dismantled due to costly settlements and rising insurance premiums in the 1990s, and the park's attendance began to suffer as a recession early in that decade reduced the number of visitors. In early 1995, GAR operated Vernon Valley/Great Gorge and Action Park with no liability insurance, instead relying on self-insurance. However, they ultimately purchased liability insurance. As 1995 progressed, GAR's financial woes continued to accumulate, and foreclosure suits started being filed against the corporation. Law firms also sued for compensation for services rendered between 1991 and 1993.
GAR negotiated a deal to temporary fend off an impending foreclosure, but in February 1996, the creditors who had taken on GAR's debt petitioned to force GAR into bankruptcy over the $14 million owed by the struggling company. GAR filed for Chapter 11 protection that following March but remained optimistic that they could regain their financial footing "within a year." Action Park closed at the end of the season as usual on Labor Day, September 2, 1996. Despite expecting to reopen the next year, on June 25, 1997, GAR announced the cessation of all its operations, including Action Park.
Intrawest era (1998–2010)
Following the demise of GAR in 1997, Praedium Recovery Fund purchased the Vernon Valley-Great Gorge resort, and Action Park, for $10 million. The investment group put the company Angel Projects in charge of managing the resort, and aimed to pump in some $20 million to upgrade the ski resort's equipment, trails, and to remodel the water park.
Canadian park operator Intrawest purchased the park and neighboring Vernon Valley ski area in February 1998. The Waterworld section of Action Park was revamped and then reopened for the 1998 season as Mountain Creek. The owners, aware of the image problems created during the Action Park era, sought to differentiate themselves from their predecessors. By this time, Mountain Creek was no longer the state's largest water park, nor was it the draw that it was during its original heyday, as other water parks built around the region have since divided the market. Since Intrawest was a ski resort corporation, the water park would be leased out to Palace Entertainment after the first couple of years.
As a result of problems at the original Action Park, New Jersey toughened its amusement regulations. During the Mountain Creek era, many of the rides built during the heyday of Action Park boasted large bilingual signs advising patrons of just what the ride entailed, how deep the water was in metric and US customary units, the age it was most appropriate for, and the state regulatory ID numbers. Safety rules were strictly enforced at the new park, although alcohol was still available.
Sale, Action Park revival, and Mountain Creek return (2010–present)
In 2010, Intrawest, which ended up in bankruptcy proceedings itself as a result of a leveraged buyout, sold both the Mountain Creek ski resort and the water park to the owners of Crystal Springs Resort. The water park would remain under lease to Palace Entertainment until 2011, when the owners of the resort bought out the operating lease to the water park. This returned control of the former Action Park property, as well as the entire former Vernon Valley/Great Gorge ski area, to the Mulvihill family, as they had retained ownership of the ski area that was renamed Crystal Springs following GAR's bankruptcy.
In April 2014, the Mulvihill family changed the name of Mountain Creek back to Action Park. However, on May 29, 2016, it was announced that the Action Park name was again retired and that the park would revert to the Mountain Creek Waterpark name.
Future development
In the summer of 2014, the Zero-G — a double-looping slide featuring two inclined loops — opened. The Zero-G was located on the tower for the H-2-Oh-No super speed water slide.
In 2015, plans for new park attractions were announced. These included a new lounge area and pools, relocation of batting cages to near the Action Putts Miniature Golf Course, and the construction of a temporary go-kart track by the same miniature golf course. A ride called the Sky Caliber, a vertically looping water slide, was also under development. Unlike the original Cannonball Loop, riders were to ride in bullet-shaped aluminum cages, and the slide would feature a taller and steeper approach, as well as a teardrop-shaped loop. The world's longest water slide, a inflatable slide made in 2013 in Waimauku, New Zealand, was to be moved to Mountain Creek and installed there.
References
External links
Action Park History, Recollections, News Articles and Photos from Weird NJ
Narrative description of Action Park
The Center of the Action, blog by former Action Park employees
Interview with a former Action Park employee
Action Park 80's Live Action and Cannonball loop
"There Was Nothing in the World Like Action Park." Sometimes Interesting. February 7, 2014
Tourist attractions in Sussex County, New Jersey
1998 establishments in New Jersey
Amusement parks in New Jersey
Vernon Township, New Jersey
Amusement park accidents
Elkan Rex Makin, (20 August 1925 – 26 June 2017) usually known as Rex Makin, was a solicitor and philanthropist who practised in Liverpool, England, for over sixty years. He was most noted for his involvement with the Beatles' early career and subsequently high-profile cases such as the Hillsborough and Heysel Stadium disasters, the Walton sextuplets and the re-opening of the Cameo Murder case. A freeman of the City of Liverpool, he also supported the arts and held an honorary professorship at Liverpool John Moores University. He also wrote a weekly column in the Liverpool Echo.
Early life
Born in Birkenhead in 1925, Makin was the only child of Joe and May Makin. His family was Jewish and moved to Liverpool in the 1850s and his great-great grandfather set up shop as a seamens' outfitter in Old Hall Street. His father was brought up on Park Lane in the Chinatown area of Liverpool, where he made and supplied trunks to seamen. Makin studied law at the University of Liverpool, gaining his LL.B in 1945 and LL.M in 1947.
Career
Makin was the family solicitor to Brian Epstein, who in 1963 sought his advice on setting up a perpetually binding contract between himself and the Beatles; however, Makin advised Epstein that such an agreement would be legally indefensible. He has been credited with inventing the term "Beatlemania". Following Epstein's death in 1967, Makin arranged his funeral.
Honours
In 2003 he was appointed a Freeman of the City of Liverpool, the first solicitor to receive that honour. He said at the time
References
Notes
Sources
Outrage as city conspiracy hearing slaps ban on Makin (Larry Neild, Daily Post)
Rex Makin obituary, The Guardian 11 July 2017.
External links
E Rex Makin & Co
Rex Makin Gallery
Alder Hey
1925 births
2017 deaths
English solicitors
Lawyers from Liverpool
Alumni of the University of Liverpool
People from Birkenhead
English Jews
20th-century English lawyers
Sue Masters is an Australian television producer who is currently the executive producer of drama for Special Broadcasting Service (SBS).
Family
Master's mother Olga Masters was a journalist and writer. Her siblings Roy, Ian, Quentin, Chris and Deb have all been notably involved in media, television and film.
Career
From 1983 to 2000, Masters worked at the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC). During her career, Masters has produced and executive produced multi-award-winning drama series, including Brides of Christ, SeaChange, The Road from Coorain and Changi.
From 2000 to 2009, Masters was executive producer of Drama for Channel Ten. Under her stewardship, successful series The Secret Life of Us and White Collar Blue were commissioned.
In 2009, Masters returned to work with the ABC, and in 2014 she joined SBS.
Master features in a 2011 Australian Story episode that details her work with members of the controversial Bra Boys "gang" Macario De Souza, Richie Vaculik and Mark Mathews.
References
Sue
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Gradina is a village in Southern Bulgaria, located in Plovdiv Province, Parvomay Municipality. As of the June 2020 census of Bulgaria, the total population count of the village is 2192.
Geography
In the land area of Gradina village there are around 2460 acres of forest. The largest locality of marsh snowdrop in Southern Bulgaria can be found. The area is used for ecological tourism, scientific observations and measurements and has a conservative significance of national and European importance.
The plant is used in the development in many cures. The snowdrop locality is included in a project which would eventually lead in the area becoming a protected area.
History
The first written mention of the village was in 1576 in Ottoman documents. Gradina village was officially established in 1885. The oldest name of the village is Chakardzhii. In 1906 it was renamed to Tsarsko selo and it took the name Gradina on 8 February 1950 after a vote of the villagers.
Between 1934 and 1944, Tsarsko selo was the municipality centre, governing the nearby villages Dobri Dol, Krushevo and Plodovitovo.
References
Villages in Plovdiv Province
New Hampshire's 17th State Senate district is one of 24 districts in the New Hampshire Senate. It has been represented by Republican John Reagan since 2012.
Geography
District 17 covers parts of Merrimack, Rockingham, and Strafford Counties to the east of Concord, including the towns of Allenstown, Chichester, Deerfield, Epsom, Loudon, Northwood, Nottingham, Pembroke, Pittsfield, Raymond, and Strafford.
The district overlaps with both New Hampshire's 1st congressional district and New Hampshire's 2nd congressional district.
Recent election results
2020
2018
2016
2014
2012
Federal and statewide results in District 17
References
17
Merrimack County, New Hampshire
Rockingham County, New Hampshire
Strafford County, New Hampshire
David Grellier (born July 2, 1979 in Nantes, France)
is a French electronica musician and founder of the musical projects College (2005) and Valerie (2007). Under the stage name Mitch Silver, he is also a member of the electroclash band Sexy Sushi, active since 2004.
Musical projects
College
College, in Grellier's words, was an attempt "to synthesize into my music the emotions of my childhood" and was greatly influenced by American 1980s pop-culture, "80's soaps and an aesthetic which I particularly like: color, images, silvery films and the sun – images of Los Angeles, Chicago and all of the other cities that [...] continue to fascinate me" as well as artists including Daft Punk, Alan Braxe, Fred Falke, Lifelike, Jacques Lu Cont, Nicolas Makelberge, DJ Falcon, and John Carpenter.
In 2008, College released the album Secret Diary, alongside the EP Teenage Color. In 2011, the collective released a second album Northern Council. The same year, the song "A Real Hero" College collaborated on with Canadian synth-pop group Electric Youth; was used in the soundtrack of the film Drive becoming a charting hit in France reaching #26. The following year the same song was included in the soundtrack of the film Taken 2.
On March 13, 2013, College released a third full-length album, Heritage, introducing a new series of live acts around the world accompanied by new visual content. French visual system artist Chromaphase cooperated for the Shanghai act.
On 10 October 2014, College announced their fourth EP Save The Day. The title track features vocals by Nola Wren. The official music video for "Save The Day" debuted on 9 November 2014. Jay Buim directed the music video, which has been described as "dark." Both the EP and music video are said to have been inspired by stalker films of the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Valerie
The Valerie Collective described as "responsible for some of the very best original electronic music now coming out of France", was created as a way to foster musical talent, by providing opportunities for collaboration among artists, also connecting them through blogs and other internet channels. The collective is characterised by a "retro-futurist", "romantic blend of 1980s inspired electro" or synthwave.
The musical cooperation was founded in Nantes in 2007 by David Grellier and his friends and colleagues. Various acts in Valerie include The Outrunners, Minitel Rose, Anoraak, Maethelvin, all from Nantes as well as Russ Chimes from London and DVAS from Toronto. Other artists included Keenhouse and Electric Youth. The hymn of the collective is "West Coast Valerie", a remix of the TV series Côte Ouest.
Some of the works are released under the Valerie own record label, whereas others are released under various labels like FVTVR, Endless Summer Recordings, Believe Digital, Flexx, Free Danger. The label Endless Summer Recordings also prepared a compilation album in 2009 entitled Valerie and Friends joining a great number of artists in the project.
In 2019 Grellier, appeared in the documentary film The Rise of the Synths, appearing alongside Maethelvin and various other composers from the Synthwave scene, including filmmaker John Carpenter who also narrated the film which explored the origins and growth of the synthwave genre.
Sexy Sushi
Under the pseudonym stage name Mitch Silver, David Grellier is a member of Sexy Sushi, a French electroclash band he formed with vocalist Rebeka Warrior (real name Julia Lanoë). She is also part of the band Mansfield.TYA . Their first albums were released as burned CD-R by alternative distributors like Wonderground. An EP and an album were then released in 2009 by Scandale Records.
Discography
As College
2008: Secret Diary (album, FVTVR label)
2008: Teenage Color (EP, Valerie Records)
2009: A Real Hero (EP, Flexx label)
2011: Secret Diary Remixed (EP, FVTVR label)
2011: Northern Council (album, Valerie label)
2013: Heritage (album, Valerie Records)
2014: Save The Day (EP, Valerie Records)
2016: Old Tapes (album, Valerie Records)
2017: Shanghai (album, Lakeshore Records, Invada Records)
As Valerie Collective
Compilation:
Valerie and Friends Compilation (2009, Endless Summer Recordings)
College:
Secret Diary (2008 album, FVTVR label)
Teenage Colour (2008 EP, Believe Digital)
A Real Hero (2008 EP, Flexx label)
College/The Outrunners:
Teenage Colour/Cool Feeling (7", Free Danger label)
Minitel Rose:
The French Machine (2008 album, FVTVR label)
Atlantic (2010 album, FVTVR label)
Anoraak:
Nightdrive With You (EP, Endless Summer Recordings)
Nightdrive With You Remixes (EP, Endless Summer Recordings)
Wherever the Sun Sets (2010 Naïve Records)
As part of Sexy Sushi
2004: Défonce ton ampli (CDR, Merdier Records / Wonderground)
2005: J'en veux j'en veux des coups de poing dans les yeux (CDR, Merdier Record / WonDerGround Distribution)
2005: Caca (CDR, Merdier Records / Wonderground)
2006: Ça m'aurait fait chier d'exploser (CDR, Merdier Records / Wonderground)
2008: Marre Marre Marre (Believe)
2009: EP Des jambes (SV03, Scandale Records)
2009: Tu l'as bien mérité (SC002, Scandale Records)
2010: Château de France
2010: Cyril (L'autre distribution)
2011: Mauvaise foi
2011: Flamme
2013: Vous n'allez pas repartir les mains vides ?
2014: Vous en reprendrez bien une part ?
References
French electronic musicians
Synthwave musicians
Musicians from Nantes
1979 births
Living people
Nu-disco musicians
Eileen Minnie Brooke (1905 – 1989) was a British statistician and health policy professional.
Education
Eileen Minnie Brooke attended East London College, earning a B.Sc. in mathematics in 1926, and an M.Sc. in mathematics in 1929. She completed doctoral studies in 1952.
In Great Britain, 1940s–1960s
In the 1940s, Brooke was based at the E. M. S. Statistical Branch in Norcross, and studied wartime health issues, including battle exhaustion, burns, and gastric ulcers. She was elected a fellow of the Royal Statistical Society in 1943.
In the 1950s, Brooke was a statistician in the Medical Statistics branch of the General Register Office. She attended the Second World Congress of Psychiatry in Zürich in 1957, and presented a paper on schizophrenia. She also attended the International Congress on Mental Health in Paris in 1961.
Brooke was co-author of The survey of sickness, 1943 to 1952 (1957, with W. P. D. Logan), and author of A cohort study of patients first admitted to mental hospitals in 1954 and 1955 (1963) and A census of patients in psychiatric beds, 1963 (1967).
International work, 1960s–1970s
Brooke spoke at a mental health conference in Pennsylvania in 1964. She was chief of the Department of Medical Information and Statistics at the University Institute of Social and Preventive Medicine in Lausanne. She was a collaborating investigator on the World Health Organization's International Pilot Study of Schizophrenia in the late 1960s. In 1977 she spoke at an WHO workshop on "the medico-social risks of alcohol consumption" in Luxembourg.
Brooke wrote and edited policy reports for the World Health Organization and other international bodies, including The methodology of psychiatric out-patient data collection (1973), The current and future use of registers in health information systems (1974), Suicide and attempted suicide (1974), and Activities in the field of drug dependence (European region) (1975).
Death
Brooke died in 1989. A colleague wrote in an obituary that "Miss Brooke was precious to WHO's programmes because she was a statistician who liked to assemble data, enjoyed handling them and had the ability to present them without ever losing sight of the broader context in which these data were gathered." Her papers are held in the Mile End Library, Queen Mary University of London.
Selected journal publications
"Battle Exhaustion: Review of 500 Cases from Western Europe" British Medical Journal, 1946
"Trends in the mental hospital population and their effect on future planning", The Lancet, 1961. (with G. C. Tooth)
"More and More Barbiturates" Medicine, Science and the Law, 1964. (with M. M. Glatt)
"Problems in determining the needs for mental health facilities in Britain" Journal of Clinical Epidemiology, 1964. (with John H. Mabry)
"Some Aspects of Suicide in Psychiatric Patients in Southend" The British Journal of Psychiatry, 1968. (with A. A. Robin and Dorothy L. Freeman-Browne)
"Judgments of trained observers on adverse drug reactions" Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics, 1979. (with Sylviane Blanc, Philippe Leuenberg, and Jean-Louis Schelling)
"Drug-addiction in the canton of Vaud, 1974–8" Sozial- und Präventivmedizin, 1980. (with A. Delachaux and E. Haller)
References
1989 deaths
1905 births
Academics of Queen Mary University of London
Statisticians
World Health Organization officials
Royal Statistical Society
Women statisticians
Alumni of Queen Mary University of London
20th-century English women
20th-century English people
Women academics
Jazz Heaven is a 1929 American romantic comedy directed by Melville Brown, and written by Myles Connolly and J. Walter Ruben, based on a story by Pauline Forney and Dudley Murphy. It was moderately successful for RKO Pictures, and was released in both sound and silent versions.
Plot
A poor songwriter from the south, Barry Holmes, travels to New York City to be a success, bringing with him his prize possession: his piano. While he is trying to break into Tin Pan Alley, he stays at a boardinghouse run by Mrs. Langley, who insists that her house always be run with the highest propriety. A young woman, Ruth Morgan, lives in the room next to Holmes. One night, he annoys the entire boarding house as he is trying to complete a song he has been working on, "Someone". He is stuck on the ending, until he hears Ruth humming how she thinks it should go. Stunned, he goes to her room, and invites her back to his to finish the song. Unfortunately, Mrs. Langley discovers the two unmarried people in his room, and summarily kicks him out, intending to keep his piano as payment for back rent.
Ruth works for a music publisher, Kemple and Klucke, and plots to get them to publish Holmes' song. Both of her bosses are interested in Ruth, although Kemple is quite a bit older than her. The two partners make a bet that the younger Klucke cannot take Ruth out to dinner. Ruth makes a deal with Kemple not to agree to the dinner, but changes her mind when Klucke agrees to listen to Holmes' song if she accompanies him.
Mrs. Langley's husband, Max, has a soft spot for the young couple, and attempts to sneak Holmes' piano out of the rooming house. Unfortunately, in the attempt, the piano is dropped down a flight of stairs, and broken into pieces. Distraught, Ruth and Barry, don't know how they are going to finish the song in order to pitch it to Kemple and Klucke. To make up for the loss of the piano, Max sneaks them into a piano factory during the night, where they finalize the song. Unknown to them, the factory also has an open microphone to a radio station, and the song is actually broadcast over the air.
The song is an instant hit, and a bidding war starts between Kemple and Klucke and Parker Pianos for the rights to the song. Holmes is a success, and, of course, ends up getting the girl.
Cast
Sally O'Neil as Ruth Morgan
Johnny Mack Brown as Barry Holmes (as John Mack Brown)
Clyde Cook as Max Langley
Joseph Cawthorn as Herman Kemple
Albert Conti as Walter Klucke
Blanche Friderici as Mrs. Langley
Henry Armetta as Tony
Reception
Mordaunt Hall of The New York Times gave the film a mixed review, giving the film an overall good rating, while criticizing some of the individual plot points.
References
External links
1929 romantic comedy films
RKO Pictures films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Melville W. Brown
American romantic comedy films
1929 films
1920s American films
Roscolyn Tor () is a high sandstone feature about 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) southwest of Warren Peak in the Allan Hills of Victoria Land. Reconnoitered by the New Zealand Antarctic Research Program (NZARP) Allan Hills Expedition (1964) who gave the name after a similar feature at Rhoscolyn in Anglesey, Wales.
Rock formations of Oates Land
Derrick Clark (born March 3, 1971) is an American college basketball coach, currently an assistant coach at Loyola Marymount University. He was previously head coach at Metro State University in Denver, Colorado.
Clark played for coach Mike Dunlap at California Lutheran University. After a short professional career in Australia, he joined Dunlap's coaching staff at Metro State and was on the bench for the Roadrunners' two Division II national championships in 1999 and 2002. In 2005, Clark left Metro State to join Jeff Bzdelik's staff at Division I Air Force, later following Bzdelik to Colorado.
In 2010, Clark was named head coach at Metro State, following Brannon Hays. Clark had immediate success at Metro State, leading the Roadrunners to back NCAA tournament appearances. In 2013, he led the team to the Division II national championship game, where the Roadrunners fell to Drury University 74–73. The next season, MSU went 32–2, undefeated in the Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference, and again went to the Division II Final Four. There they were upset by eventual champion Central Missouri.
Head coaching record
References
External links
Metro State biography
1971 births
Living people
Air Force Falcons men's basketball coaches
American expatriate basketball people in Australia
American men's basketball players
Basketball coaches from Indiana
Basketball players from Indiana
Cal Lutheran Kingsmen basketball players
College men's basketball head coaches in the United States
Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball coaches
Loyola Marymount Lions men's basketball coaches
Metro State Roadrunners men's basketball coaches
Sportspeople from Muncie, Indiana
Tom James Brocker (August 25, 1942 – May 25, 2002), known as Tom Brock, was an American soul singer, born in Austin Texas. Brock worked with Barry White on the 20th Century Records label in the 1970s. He wrote songs for Gloria Scott's 1974 album What Am I Gonna Do?, including "A Case of Too Much Love Makin". That same year he also released his one and only album, I Love You More And More, which included a highly popular title track. The album was produced by White and Gene Page. The song "There's Nothing in This World That Can Stop Me From Loving You" was later sampled by producer Just Blaze for the single "Girls, Girls, Girls" on Jay-Z's album The Blueprint in 2001. This led to renewed interest in Brock, and in 2003 (a year after Brock died), the album was re-released on CD. The song "I Love You More and More" was later sampled by producer Minnesota for the single "The Panties" on Mos Def/Yasiin Bey's album The New Danger in 2004.
He died of natural causes on May 25, 2002, in his home in Richmond, California.
References
1942 births
2002 deaths
Musicians from Austin, Texas
African-American male singer-songwriters
American soul singers
20th-century African-American male singers
Singer-songwriters from Texas
The 100th Regiment of Foot (Prince Regent's County of Dublin Regiment) was raised in Ireland in 1804 for service in the Napoleonic Wars. After a few weeks, Lieutenant Colonel John Murray was appointed to command; he was to remain in this post for most of the regiment's active service.
History
The regiment was raised in Ireland as the 100th Regiment of Foot for service in the Napoleonic Wars in 1804.
The 100th were transferred to Nova Scotia in 1805, with 271 men being lost when the troopship Aeneas was wrecked off Newfoundland. They were then stationed in Canada proper. In 1807, Colonel Isaac Brock, then serving on the staff in North America, reported favourably on the regiment while they were serving as garrison for Quebec City, and commented, "The men were principally raised in the north of Ireland, and are nearly all Protestants; they are robust, active, and good looking."
During the War of 1812 the regiment served on the Canadian frontier. A detachment was present at the Battle of Sackett's Harbour in May 1813. Major George Taylor captured two 10-gun American vessels, the Growler and Eagle, on 3 June 1813 on the Sorrell River near Île aux Noix on the Canadian side of the lake, after a fight of three-and-a-half hours; British casualties were three men wounded and American casualties were one man killed and eight severely wounded. (Both vessels were taken into Royal Navy service, but the Americans recaptured them the next year.) The regiment was given an extra descriptor as the 100th Regiment of Foot (Prince Regent's County of Dublin Regiment) in 1813.
The whole regiment took part in the Capture of Fort Niagara in December 1813. From there, they were engaged on raids to Buffalo and Black Rock in late December 1813.
In July 1814, the regiment saw action at the Battle of Chippawa (or Street's Creek), where the regiment took heavy losses, reduced to "one Captain & 3 subalterns doing duty, with 250 effective men". They then served at the Siege of Fort Erie in the closing months of the year. For their services in the defence of Canada, they were awarded the battle honour Niagara. The Colonel of the Regiment was Brig. Sir Frederick John Falkiner, Bt.
In February 1816 the regiment was renumbered as the 99th Regiment of Foot (Prince Regent's County of Dublin Regiment), then withdrawn to England in 1818 to be disbanded at Chatham. As the Napoleonic Wars ended, England was faced with thousands of returning soldiers. Rather than having them all return to England and Ireland, many of soldiers of the 100th Foot were offered and accepted land-grants in Upper Canada. The largest settlement from the 100th Foot was in Richmond, Ontario. The transport arrived at Quebec from Cowes on 31 May with 124 officers and men of the 76th and 99th Regiments of Foot.
Colonels of the Regiment
Colonels of the Regiment were:
100th Regiment of Foot
1805–?1818: Brig. Sir Frederick John Falkiner, Bt.
disbanded 1818
Notes
References
External links
100th (Prince of Wales's Royal Canadian) Regiment of Foot, regiments.org, archived on the Wayback Machine on 13 January 2008
The Regiments of Richmond County, Canada
Canadian Military History Gateway
Leinster Regiment
Anon. (1908) Officers of the British Forces in Canada During the War of 1812-15. (Welland Tribune Print).
Infantry regiments of the British Army
Irish regiments of the British Army
Military units and formations established in 1804
Defunct Irish regiments of the British Army
Military units and formations disestablished in 1818
1804 establishments in Ireland
1818 disestablishments in Ireland
Irish regiments
British military units and formations of the War of 1812
KMST may refer to:
KMST (FM), a radio station (88.5 FM) licensed to Rolla, Missouri, United States
KMST (Monterey), a local educational cable channel in Monterey, California, United States
KION-TV, a television station (channel 46 analog/32 digital) licensed to Monterey, California, United States, which held the call sign KMST until October 1993
Korean Maritime Safety Tribunal
Craig Smart may refer to:
Craig Smart (journalist), Australian journalist
Craig Smart (singer), Canadian singer songwriter
WLKM-FM is a radio station owned by Impact Radio and licensed to Three Rivers, Michigan. The featured music is adult contemporary. The format switched from classic hits on June 17, 2012, when the Dial Global Classic Hits format the station had been carrying was discontinued. Programming now comes from Westwood One's AC format. Prior to it being an adult contemporary formatted station, WLKM was formerly a top-40 station with an affiliate of Scott Shannon's Rockin' America Top 30 Countdown in the 1980s.
Sources
Michiguide.com - WLKM-FM History
External links
LKM-FM
Mainstream adult contemporary radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1991
Jennifer Hazel (Jenny) Whittle (born 5 September 1973) is a retired Australian women's basketball player. Whittle was a regular member of the national team for over a decade, from 1994 until 2006. Playing Centre, Whittle was a key contributor to the Opals' success at international events during the 1990s and 2000s, with strong rebounding and defence a feature of her game. Following an outstanding national and WNBL career, Whittle was elected to the Australian Basketball Hall of Fame in 2016.
Biography
National team
Whittle broke into the Australian side as a 20-year-old, following her success at the 1993 World Championship for Junior Women, where she won a Gold medal. Averaging 10.1 points per contest, the centre added six points and provided a dominant defensive presence under the rim in the gold medal game as Australia defeated Russia 72–54. She was immediately placed on the Opals radar. At that tournament, Whittle played alongside other future Opals stars, Michelle Brogan, Kristi Harrower, Carla Boyd and Jo Hill. The following year, Whittle was selected to play for the Opals at the 1994 World Championship for Women, held in Australia. The young side finished a respectable 4th and would mark the start of a highly successful era for Whittle and the Opals.
Whittle was selected to play for Australia at the 1996 Atlanta Olympics. That team would go on to win a Bronze medal earning Australia its first ever international basketball medal for either men or women at the senior level. At the 1998 World Championships held in Germany, Whittle would win her second bronze medal. Playing in front of a home crowd at the Sydney 2000 Olympics, Whittle won a Silver medal, her second medal at an Olympic game. At the 2002 World Championship held in China, the Opals and Whittle would win their 4th consecutive medal in international play, claiming another Bronze.
Having retired following the 2002 World Championship, Whittle was not considered for selection to represent Australia at the 2004 Olympics in Athens. However, later that year former Opals coach Tom Maher convinced Whittle to break her retirement. That decision led to the highlight of Whittle's career at the 2006 World Championship held in Brazil. As co-captain of the team with Lauren Jackson, the Opals won the tournament and first ever Gold medal at an official international event. In a sign of true respect for Whittle, after Jackson accepted the World Championship trophy, she walked down the line of Opals players and handed it to Whittle. Earlier that year, Whittle would also win a gold medal at the Commonwealth Games, again as co-captain with Lauren Jackson.
Following the Opals success at the 2006 World Championship, Whittle retired from international competition, saying, "it's the right time to go" and "it's great to leave the international game on top". Whittle ended her career having played 262 games for the Opals, 5th highest all-time. Her six medals (2 Gold, 1 Silver & 3 Bronze) at official FIBA tournaments makes Whittle one of Australia's most successful and decorated basketball players at the international level. Whittle has also been referred to as one of the Opals the best ever players. Along with her Gold medal win at the 2006 World Championship, Whittle also named the Sydney Olympics as a career event highlight, as well as playing alongside World Champions Lauren Jackson and Tully Bevilaqua.
In 2013, Whittle was one of several former players on new Opals head coach, Brendan Joyce, list to be appointed as the assistant coach, but she declared herself unavailable. In November 2013, Whittle was inducted into the Gold Coast Sporting Hall of Fame, joining other recipients that included golfer Greg Norman and five-time World 500cc champion Mick Doohan. Also in November 2013, Kristi Harrower named the 12 best Opals players she had played with over 20 years and named Whittle in that team.
The link between three of Australian basketball's greatest moments internationally, Whittle was elected to the Australian Basketball Hall of Fame in 2016. Whittle provided the height that had been lacking from Australia's line-ups in years past and her rebounding and rim protection proved critical to Australia's chances, becoming the mainstay in the middle of the Australian defence for over a decade. Whittle was described as a cornerstone of the golden age for the Opals.
WNBL
In the domestic Women's National Basketball League (WNBL), Whittle played 295 games for the Australian Institute of Sport (1989–1991), Brisbane Blazers (1992–1997), Perth Breakers (1998–1999), Bulleen Boomers (2000), Canberra Capitals (2005–2006) and Adelaide Lightning (2007–2009). When Whittle retired in 2009, her 295 career games ranked 11th all-time. Whittle's three years at the Australian Institute of Sport was as a scholarship holder. Despite missing several seasons while playing in Europe, Whittle holds the WNBL all-time records for blocked shots (673) and defensive assists (106). She also ranks in the all-time top 10 for points scored (3,670), defensive rebounds (1,842), total rebounds (2,255) and turnovers (727).
Whittle was selected to the WNBL All-Star Five on four occasions; 1996, 1997, 2004/05 and 2005/06. Also in 2005/06, Whittle was named the Canberra Capitals Most Valuable Player. Whittle won WNBL Championships with Canberra in 2005/06 and with Adelaide Lightning in 2007/08.
Having played over 250 games in the WNBL, Whittle was awarded Life Membership in 2006.
WNBA
Whittle nominated for the 1999 Women's National Basketball Association draft and was selected in the fourth round (pick 37 overall) by the Washington Mystics. In 1999, she played in 3 games before returning to Australia to concentrate on playing for Australia at the 2000 Sydney Olympics and practice full-time with the team. In 2001, Whittle was playing in Europe, but returned to the WNBA where she played a further 4 games for the Mystics. On 14 June 2001, Whittle was placed on the injured list and eight days later her contract was terminated by the Mystics. She returned to Europe to play.
European Leagues
For a number of years from the late 1990s until the mid 2000s, Whittle played professionally in Europe – with distinction – with the Burgos club in the Spanish Basketball League, Tarbes in the French Basketball League and Pécs 2010 in the Hungarian Basketball League.
See also
Australian Basketball Hall of Fame
WNBL All-Star Five
Basketball Australia
List of Australian WNBA players
List of women Olympic medalists in Basketball
References
1973 births
Living people
Australian expatriate basketball people in the United States
Australian Institute of Sport basketball (WNBL) players
Australian women's basketball players
Basketball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Canberra Capitals players
Centers (basketball)
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Australia
Commonwealth Games medallists in basketball
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Melbourne Boomers players
Olympic basketball players of Australia
Olympic bronze medalists for Australia
Olympic medalists in basketball
Olympic silver medalists for Australia
Sportspeople from the Gold Coast, Queensland
Sportswomen from Queensland
Tarbes Gespe Bigorre players
Washington Mystics draft picks
Washington Mystics players
Silvano Chesani (born 17 July 1988) is an Italian high jumper.
Biography
In his career he participated in two editions of the World Athletics Championships and won two national championship. In 2012 he jumped 2.31, his personal best, obtaining the qualification standard for 2012 Summer Olympics. In 2007 he was warned after testing positive for Formoterol.
In the indoor sean 2013, at the 2013 Italian Athletics Indoor Championships equals the Italian record in the high jump, 24-year-old was in fact the former was established by Marcello Benvenuti in 1989.
National records
High jump indoor: 2.33 ( Ancona, 17 February 2013) - Current holder
Progression
Outdoor
Indoor
Achievements
National titles
Italian Athletics Championships
High jump: 2011
Italian Athletics Indoor Championships
High jump: 2012, 2013
See also
Italian records in athletics
Men's high jump Italian record progression
Italian all-time top lists - High jump
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Trento
Italian male high jumpers
Athletics competitors of Fiamme Oro
Doping cases in athletics
Italian sportspeople in doping cases
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Italy
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Italy
Athletes (track and field) at the 2013 Mediterranean Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for Italy
Mediterranean Games medalists in athletics
20th-century Italian people
21st-century Italian people
Wanhua () is a station in Wanhua District, Taipei, Taiwan, served by Taiwan Railways Administration .
Overview
The station is divided into east and west buildings. The station entrance, lobby, and ticket counters are located in the west building. The station exit, parcel center, and offices are located in the east building. The station is equipped with one island platform and one side platform, both underground.
History
25 August 1901: The station opened as . It was located at the intersection of modern-day Zhonghua Rd. and Aiguo W. Rd.
1 July 1918: The station location was moved west to its current location.
1920: The station named was changed to .
22 January 1921: Became a terminus with the opening of the Shinten (Xindian) railway line from Banka (Wanhua) to (Gongguan).
24 March 1954: The Xindian line ceased operations.
19 September 1988: As part of the Wanban Project (萬板專案) construction, the station front was changed.
21 July 1999: After the tracks were moved underground as part of the Taipei Railway Underground Project, the new east and west buildings began service.
Platform configuration
Around the Station
Night Markets
Meng Xia Night Market (400m to the northwest)
Guangzhou Street Night Market (600m to the northwest)
Snake Alley (750m to the northwest)
Zhixing Market (700m to the north)
Shuang He Markets (750m to the south)
Bangka Old Street (850m to the north)
Nanjichang Night Market (1km to the southeast)
Fuxing Xiyuan Shopping District (1.1km to the southwest)
Parks
Mengjia Park (450m to the north)
Laosong Park (650m to the northeast)
Taipei Botanical Garden (1km to the southeast)
Youth Park (1.2km to the southeast)
The Red House (1.4km to the northeast)
Shuangyuan Riverside Park (1.5km to the west)
Metro Stations
Taipei Metro Longshan Temple Station (300m to the north)
Taipei Metro Xiaonanmen Station (1.2km to the northeast)
Temples
Bangka Lungshan Temple (450m to the north)
Schools
Mengjia Junior High School (600m to the south)
Xiyuan Elementary School (1km to the south)
Shuangyuan Elementary School (450m to the southwest)
Historical Sites
Nanhai Academy (1.4km to the southeast)
Wanhua Lin Mansion (200m to the west)
Bopiliao Historical Block (500m to the northeast)
Nishi Honganji Relics (1.3km to the northeast)
Government Offices
Wanhua District Administrative Center (100m to the north)
See also
List of railway stations in Taiwan
References
External links
TRA Wanhua Station
Taiwan Railways Administration
1901 establishments in Taiwan
Railway stations in Taipei
Railway stations opened in 1901
Railway stations served by Taiwan Railways Administration
Christian Pichler (born July 12, 1988) is an Austrian long track speed skater who participates in international competitions.
Personal records
Career highlights
European Allround Championships
2006 - Hamar, 29th
2007 - Collalbo, 23rd
2008 - Kolomna, 17th
World Junior Allround Championships
2005 - Seinäjoki, 29th
2006 - Erfurt, 13th
National Championships
2006 - Davos, 1st at allround
2007 - Innsbruck, 1st at allround
European Junior Games
2006 - Collalbo, 2nd at 3000 m
External links
Pichler at Jakub Majerski's Speedskating Database
Pichler at SkateResults.com
1988 births
Living people
Austrian male speed skaters
Milan Kosanović (1932 – 1989), also known by the nickname of "Milo", was a Yugoslav Serb professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s and 1960s. He played at representative level for English League XIII and Yorkshire, and at club level for Bradford Northern, Wakefield Trinity (Heritage № 673) and Featherstone Rovers (Heritage № 434), as a , i.e. number 9, during the era of contested scrums.
Background
Milan Kosanović was a Yugoslav Serb born in Lika, in what is now Croatia. His family relocated from Yugoslavia to the United Kingdom in 1947, where he initially played rugby league in the Halifax junior league, Cyril 1962">Briggs, Cyril & Edwards, Barry (12 May 1962). The Rugby League Challenge Cup Competition - Final Tie - Huddersfield v Wakefield Trinity - Match Programme. Wembley Stadium Ltd. ISBN n/a</ref> Milan Kosanović opened, and was the landlord, of Milan's Wine Bar in Halifax.
Playing career
International honours
Milan Kosanović played for English League XIII while at Bradford Northern in the 8-26 defeat by France on Saturday 22 November 1958 at Knowsley Road, St. Helens, and was a reserve for Great Britain.
County honours
Milan Kosanović was selected for Yorkshire County XIII whilst at Bradford Northern during 1959.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Milan Kosanović played in Wakefield Trinity's 25-10 victory over Wigan in the 1962–63 Challenge Cup Final during the 1962–63 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 11 May 1963, in front of a crowd of 84,492, and was an unused interchange/substitute in Featherstone Rovers' 17-12 victory over Barrow in the 1966–67 Challenge Cup Final during the 1966–67 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 13 May 1967, in front of a crowd of 76,290.
County Cup Final appearances
Milan Kosanović played in Wakefield Trinity's 19–9 victory over Leeds in the 1961–62 Yorkshire County Cup Final during the 1961–62 season at Odsal Stadium, Bradford on Saturday 11 November 1961, and played in Featherstone Rovers' 12-25 defeat by Hull Kingston Rovers in the 1966–67 Yorkshire County Cup Final during the 1966–67 season at Headingley Rugby Stadium, Leeds on Saturday 15 October 1966.
Club career
Milan Kosanović transferred from Bradford Northern to Wakefield Trinity during June 1961, and he made his début for Wakefield Trinity during August 1961, he transferred from Wakefield Trinity to Featherstone Rovers for £600 during February 1964 (based on inflation, this would be ) (based on increases in average earnings, this would be approximately equivalent to £20,970 in 2017), and he made his début for Featherstone Rovers on Saturday 1 February 1964.
Contemporaneous Article Extract
"M. Kosanović - Signed from Bradford N. during last close season and has been a regular member of the side this campaign. Recently out of action through injury. Represented Yorkshire in 1959. Yugoslav-born but has played all his football in Yorkshire. Age 29."
Milan Kosanovic Cup
The Milan Kosanovic Cup is an international rugby league football competition that is named after Milan Kosanović, it is contested by Russia, Ukraine and Serbia.
Genealogical information
Milan Kosanović's marriage to Sylvia D. (née Leach) was registered during third ¼ 1956 in Halifax district. They had children; Mark S. Kosanović (birth registered during fourth ¼ in Halifax district), and Zoran G. Kosanović (birth registered during third ¼ in Halifax district), as of 2009 the brother's run fish and chip shops at West Vale and Brackenbed, Pellon, Halifax.
References
External links
Statistics at rugbyleagueproject.org
Rugby League Final 1963
(Old - redirects to http://www.rlhp.co.uk/) Photograph "1962 Challenge Cup Semi - Wakefield Trinity won this tight game 9-0 in front of 31,423 spectators. Frank Wilkinson of Wakefield is robbed of a try by Malcolm Dixon and Jackie Fennell of Featherstone. - 01/01/1962" at rlhp.co.uk
(New - "This www.rlhp.co.uk page can't be found") Photograph "1962 Challenge Cup Semi - Wakefield Trinity won this tight game 9-0 in front of 31,423 spectators. Frank Wilkinson of Wakefield is robbed of a try by Malcolm Dixon and Jackie Fennell of Featherstone. - 01/01/1962" at rlhp.co.uk
(New - without %20 - "This www.rlhp.co.uk page can't be found") Photograph "1962 Challenge Cup Semi - Wakefield Trinity won this tight game 9-0 in front of 31,423 spectators. Frank Wilkinson of Wakefield is robbed of a try by Malcolm Dixon and Jackie Fennell of Featherstone. - 01/01/1962" at rlhp.co.uk
(Thumbnail) Photograph "1962 Challenge Cup Semi - Wakefield Trinity won this tight game 9-0 in front of 31,423 spectators. Frank Wilkinson of Wakefield is robbed of a try by Malcolm Dixon and Jackie Fennell of Featherstone. - 01/01/1962" at rlhp.co.uk
Hooking role a tough one to call
Milan Kosanovic
1932 births
1989 deaths
Bradford Bulls players
Featherstone Rovers players
People from Lika
Rugby league hookers
Serbian rugby league players
Wakefield Trinity players
Yorkshire rugby league team players
Yugoslav emigrants to the United Kingdom
Antti Kuisma (born 23 February 1978 in Jyväskylä) is a Nordic combined athlete from Finland who won a bronze medal at the 2006 Winter Olympics in the 4 x 5 km team event. He finished 17th in the 15 km individual event at those same games.
His best finish at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was fifth in the 15 km individual at Oberstdorf in 2005.
Kuisma competed from 2000 to 2008.
References
FIS Newsflash 177 on Kuisma's retirement. 30 April 2008.
1978 births
Finnish male Nordic combined skiers
Living people
Nordic combined skiers at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Finland
Olympic Nordic combined skiers of Finland
Sportspeople from Jyväskylä
Olympic medalists in Nordic combined
Medalists at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Varsak, Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
Jocelyn Gould is a Canadian jazz guitarist. Her album, Elegant Traveler was awarded the 2021 Juno Award for Jazz Album of the Year - Solo. She is also the 1st place winner of the 2018 Wilson Centre International Jazz Guitar competition.
She is a graduate of the University of Manitoba, and later received her Master's of Music at Michigan State University. Gould has performed alongside many notable musicians including Freddy Cole, Jodi Proznick, Laila Biali, Allison Au, and Will Bonness.
Gould is currently a faculty member and Head of Guitar Department at Humber College. Her debut album, Elegant Traveler was released in 2020, and her second album Golden Hour was released in 2022.
References
Canadian jazz guitarists
Women jazz guitarists
Juno Award for Jazz Album of the Year – Solo winners
Living people
University of Manitoba alumni
Michigan State University alumni
Humber College faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
Markus Lanz is a German talk show on ZDF named after the host Markus Lanz, first aired on 3 June 2008. The 75-minute show airs on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday nights. The program is recorded in a television studio in Hamburg-Altona, normally a few hours before it airs, but sometimes it is broadcast live.
Content
The program does not have a general topic. In each issue, Lanz has four to five guests, with whom he usually speaks individually. At the beginning of the program, he introduces the guests, who are sitting together in a group, with some information on the respective topic. Lanz writes the texts for the introduction of the guests himself. Then he speaks to the guests one by one. The topics are about current political and social developments, news from the entertainment industry (for example a new film or book), sporting events or the individual life story of the conversation partner.
If it emerges from the situation, the other guests participate in the individual conversation or discuss it. Especially with current stories, sometimes several guests are invited on the same topic, for example a politician and a journalist. Musical or sporty duos and relatives can also perform together.
If a musical guest is on the show, he will often end up playing a current song. He is accompanied by the moderator on the piano.
Audience ratings
Notes
Criticism
In January 2014, an online petition was sent to the ZDF, which demanded the dismissal of Lanz. It received over 230,000 signatures within a few days. The petition responded to a conversation with the German politician Sahra Wagenknecht, during which the moderator repeatedly interrupted her and asked her suggestive questions. Lanz then regretted his behavior, which he described as „rustikal und sogar persönlich" ("rustic and even personal").
References
External links
Official website (in German)
Markus Lanz on fernsehserien.de
German television shows
German television talk shows
2008 German television series debuts
2000s German television series
2010s German television series
2020s German television series
Albert IV (; before 1363 - 24/31 December 1388) was Duke of Mecklenburg from 1383 to 1388.
Life
He was the son of the Duke Henry III of Mecklenburg and Ingeborg of Denmark.
Albert was also a claimant to the Danish throne after the death of King Valdemar IV, but Olaf II succeeded instead.
After his father Henry died in 1383, Albert ruled Mecklenburg jointly with his uncles Albert III and Magnus I and his cousin John IV.
He was married to Elisabeth of Holstein, the daughter of Nicholas, Count of Holstein-Rendsburg and died in December 1388. In 1404 his widow Elisabeth married Duke Eric V of Saxe-Lauenburg.
References
External links
Genealogical table of the House of Mecklenburg
www.mittelalter-genealogie.de
Dukes of Mecklenburg
14th-century German nobility
14th-century births
1388 deaths
Pretenders to the Danish throne
Bob Morgan graduated from University of New Mexico and played in the Continental Football League with the Toronto Rifles from 1965–67 and five games with the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League in 1967.
He joined the Toronto Argonauts for seven games in the 1969 season and after his release played for the Chicago Owls of the Continental league before returning to the CFL with the Ottawa Rough Riders in October 1969 for a game.
References
1940 births
Living people
Pittsburgh Steelers players
Toronto Argonauts players
Ottawa Rough Riders players
Canadian football running backs
People from Wamego, Kansas
Poecilasthena sthenommata is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in Australia, where it is known from Queensland and New South Wales.
Adults are dull green with broad white bands across the wings.
References
Moths described in 1922
Poecilasthena
Moths of Australia
Glade Springs, West Virginia is an unincorporated community consisting of a gated community and resort located just outside Beckley in Raleigh County, West Virginia.
The community was founded in 1973 and was originally marketed towards the "working rich" operators of independent coal mines in that area. Its fortunes and ownership have ebbed and flowed with that of the coal industry in that area. The facility has been in and out of bankruptcy several times.
Currently it is divided into two sections. The "old" section consisting of a club, two golf courses, a 200-room hotel with restaurants and other amenities, along with homes sold in the 1970s and 1980s, which (other than the homes) is owned by GSR, LLC a company owned by EMCO Capital and Justice Companies, the operator of The Greenbrier, and a "new" section which is to consist of new home sites and more recreational facilities, but is currently mostly woodland. The residential development lots are owned by Justice Holdings, LLC. EMCO Hospitality, Inc. has been a co-owner and operator of the resort since 2003.
The facility is easily accessible from exit 28 on I-77 and exit 125 from I-64. Efforts are ongoing to widen Route 19 which provides direct access to the resort. In 2004 the West Virginia Legislature directed the West Virginia Turnpike to use existing funds to build a new road from the gate to either I-64 or I-77. The Turnpike responded by attempting to raise rates by 67% but the courts ruled this illegal and the project was abandoned.
The resort has played host to the CDI since 2015.
Notable residents
Antoni Porowski
References
Gated communities in West Virginia
Golf clubs and courses in West Virginia
Neighborhoods in West Virginia
Populated places established in 1973
Populated places in Raleigh County, West Virginia
Resorts in West Virginia
Tourist attractions in Raleigh County, West Virginia
The following is a list of the monastic houses in West Sussex, England.
See also
List of monastic houses in England
Notes
References
Sources
Binns, Alison (1989) Studies in the History of Medieval Religion 1: Dedications of Monastic Houses in England and Wales 1066–1216, Boydell
Cobbett, William (1868) List of Abbeys, Priories, Nunneries, Hospitals, And Other Religious Foundations in England and Wales and in Ireland, Confiscated, Seized On, or Alienated by the Protestant "Reformation" Sovereigns and Parliaments
Knowles, David & Hadcock, R. Neville (1971) Medieval Religious Houses England & Wales. Longman
Morris, Richard (1979) Cathedrals and Abbeys of England and Wales, J. M. Dent & Sons Ltd.
Thorold, Henry (1986) Collins Guide to Cathedrals, Abbeys and Priories of England and Wales, Collins
Thorold, Henry (1993) Collins Guide to the Ruined Abbeys of England, Wales and Scotland, Collins
Wright, Geoffrey N., (2004) Discovering Abbeys and Priories, Shire Publications Ltd.
English Cathedrals and Abbeys, Illustrated, Odhams Press Ltd.
Map of Monastic Britain, South Sheet, Ordnance Survey, 2nd edition, 1954
Medieval sites in England
Houses in West Sussex
West Sussex
West Sussex
Lists of buildings and structures in West Sussex
Özdemir, Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
The War with Mexico is a book by Justin Harvey Smith. It won the 1920 Pulitzer Prize for History.
References
External links
1919 non-fiction books
Pulitzer Prize for History-winning works
American history books
Mexican–American War
American political books
Macmillan Publishers books
The Apache Nugget Casino is located 15 miles north of Cuba, New Mexico, at the junctions of highway 550 and highway 537. The casino is operated by the Apache Nugget Corporation (ANC) which oversees all gaming activity for the Jicarilla Apache Nation. ANC is a for-profit Federally Chartered Section 17 Corporation owned by the Jicarilla Apache Nation. It is located in Dulce, New Mexico, the headquarters for the Nation. ANC has been in existence since 2003.
ANC's casino property the Apache Nugget Casino opened on August 6, 2004. The Apache Nugget Casino has 227 slot machines. In addition, it offers a small dining facility, gift/smoke shop, and a player's club.
External links
Native American casinos
Casinos in New Mexico
Buildings and structures in Sandoval County, New Mexico
Tourist attractions in Sandoval County, New Mexico
2004 establishments in New Mexico
Jicarilla Apache
Casinos completed in 2004
Cameraria mendocinensis is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from California, United States.
The length of the forewings is .
The larvae feed on Quercus garryana and Quercus lobata. They mine the leaves of their host plant. Pupation takes place within the mine. It overwinters as a pupa.
References
Cameraria (moth)
Moths described in 1981
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of the United States
Leaf miners
Fauna of California
Taxa named by Paul A. Opler
Taxa named by Donald R. Davis (entomologist)
Verbena urticifolia, known as nettle-leaved vervain or white vervain, is a herbaceous plant in the vervain family (Verbenaceae). It belongs to the "true" vervains of genus Verbena.
Description
White vervain has opposite, simple leaves on thin, rigid, green stems. The serrated leaves look similar to those of Urtica, which is the reason for the plant being named urticifolia. The small flowers are borne in spikes; they open in summer and unusually for this normally bluish-flowered genus are white. The fruit is a dark-colored capsule with many brown and thin seeds. The entire plant except for the flowers and fruit is covered in stiff bristles.
Range
White vervain is native to eastern North America, excluding Mexico.
Habitat
White vervain is commonly found growing individually in disturbed areas with partial shade. It prefers mesic habitats.
Relation to other vervains
This species may be closest to a group that might include such North American species as V. lasiostachys or V. menthifolia, and the common vervain (V. officinalis) from Europe. Like these, it is diploid with a total of 14 chromosomes. The relationship of the swamp verbena (V. hastata) to these other species is more enigmatic; its evolution might have involved hybridization with the white vervain or a related species in the past.
Footnotes
References
Yuan, Yao-Wu & Olmstead, Richard G. (2008): A species-level phylogenetic study of the Verbena complex (Verbenaceae) indicates two independent intergeneric chloroplast transfers. Molecular Phylogenetics and Evolution 48(1): 23–33.
External links
urticifolia
Flora of Western Canada
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Flora of Eastern Canada
Flora of the Northeastern United States
Flora of the Southeastern United States
Flora of the North-Central United States
Flora of Texas
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
The Guandi Temple on Communist Youth League Street () is a historical temple dedicated to Guan Yu in the Tianqiao district of Jinan, Shandong Province, China. It is one of the three best-preserved Guanyu temples in the area of Jinan, the other two are Guandi Temple in the Water Lily Street and in Xianxi Alley ().
Layout
The Ximizhi Spring (), the 35th spring in the list of Jinan's "seventy-two famous springs" and a member of the Five Dragon Pool spring group is located in the courtyard of the temple. The building complex consists of two structures, the Mizhi Hall in the north and the Guandi Temple proper in the south.
History
According to the tradition, the grand eunuch An Dehai, a confidant of the Empress Dowager Cixi, was beheaded near the Ximizhi Spring on 12 September 1869 on orders of the governor Ding Baozhen, who followed an edict of the Empress Dowager Ci'an. The execution for falsely claiming to be on an imperial mission was likely part of a power struggle between the Empress Dowager Cixi and Prince Gong.
Location
The temple is located on Communist Youth League Street, to the west of the Five Dragon Pool.
See also
List of sites in Jinan
References
Guandi temples
Buildings and structures in Shandong
Tourist attractions in Jinan
Andrea Rizzoli (Milan, September 16, 1914 - Nice, May 31, 1983) was an Italian entrepreneur, publisher and film producer. He was the son of Angelo Rizzoli, president of the publishing house RCS MediaGroup, the first Italian publishing group in the seventies.
In 1974, Andrea bought for 50 billion Liras, a huge sum at the time, The Group Editoriale Corriere della Sera. Thereby, he acquired a 100% stake in the paper owned until then by the Crespi family, Angelo Moratti and Giovanni Agnelli.
Between 1954 and 1963 Rizzoli was the owner and president of A.C. Milan. During his presidency Milanello sports center was built and the club won 4 Italian Leagues, 1 Latin cup and 1 European Champions Cup.
He was the father of Angelo Rizzoli.
References
Andrea
1914 births
1983 deaths
Italian publishers (people)
Italian film producers
The Reunion () is a 2011 Danish comedy film directed by Niels Nørløv. A Finnish remake of the film, Reunion (Luokkakokous), was released in 2015.
Cast
Nicolaj Kopernikus as Niels
Anders W. Berthelsen as Andreas
Troels Lyby as Thomas
Therese Glahn as Hanne
Camilla Søeberg as Jette
Mira Wanting as Simone
Lene Nystrøm as Eva
Troels Malling Thaarup as Ole (as Troels Malling)
Brian Lykke as Tom
Mia Nielsen-Jexen as Sanne (as Mia Jexen)
Signe Skov as Lærke
Søren Bregendal as Carsten
References
External links
2011 films
2011 comedy films
2010s Danish-language films
Danish comedy films
Faezeh Shahriari (born October 28, 1994) is an Iranian basketball player. She plays in the shooting guard position and she is bronze medal holder of the 2019 FISU in China.
Biography
Faezeh Shahriari started playing basketball at the age of 11 with the encouragement of her mother and under the supervision of Sepideh Khoshgadam. At the age of 13, she joined the Rah'ahan Premier League team and a year later at the age of 14 she joined the national youth team. Shahriari has played for the Rah'ahan, Koosha Sepehr Sabalan, Nader Shimi Qom, Naft abadan and Chimidor Qom clubs. Also, her younger brother Ali Shahriari is a member of the Iranian national youth basketball team and one of the good players of the Mahram Tehran team.
Achievements
See also
Iranian Women's Basketball League 2015
Iranian Women's Basketball League 2016
Iranian Women's Basketball League 2019
International University Sports Federation
Iran women's national basketball team
Islamic Republic of Iran Basketball Federation
Iranian Basketball Super League
References
External links
Faezeh Shahriari at Basketballasia.com
Faezeh Shahriari official website
1994 births
Living people
Centers (basketball)
People from Tehran
Sexual Chocolate may refer to:
Sexual Chocolate, a fictional band in Coming to America
Mark Henry, wrestler and weightlifter
"Sexual Chocolate", a song on WWF The Music, Vol. 4
Ryan Sidebottom, cricketer
"Sexual Chocolate", a song by CeeLo Green from Violator: The Album, V2.0
Sexual Chocolate, Alanis Morissette's tour band, two members of which became Taylor Hawkins and the Coattail Riders
Sexual Chocolate, a team that competed in VH1's 2006 World Series of Pop Culture
Luke McCabe (born 10 August 1976) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Australian Football League (AFL) and Central District in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).
McCabe was a small defender who usually played in the back pockets. He was recruited by Hawthorn at pick 15 in the 1993 National Draft but took a while to establish himself in the team, playing over 20 games in a season for the first time in 1998. He finished that season with a second placing in Hawthorn's best and fairest awards and the following season was a member of their pre season premiership side.
He is remembered for his participation in one of the "memorable moments" between Hawthorn and Melbourne when, in round 1, 2002, he was on the receiving end of a mighty hip and shoulder from David Neitz on his way to snap an inspirational goal.
McCabe returned to Central District for the 2005 SANFL season and was an integral part of the Bulldogs winning their third consecutive premiership. McCabe was awarded the Jack Oatey Medal for being the best on ground in the Grand Final. He retired from senior football following the end of the 2006 season due to work commitments. However, McCabe returned to Central District for the 2008 season.
References
External links
Profile at Hawksheadquarters
1976 births
Living people
Australian rules footballers from South Australia
Hawthorn Football Club players
Central District Football Club players
People educated at Sacred Heart College, Adelaide
Graziella is an 1852 novel by Alphonse de Lamartine.
Graziella may also refer to:
Graziella (given name), a feminine given name
Graziella (1926 film), a French film by Marcel Vandal
Graziella (1954 film), an Italian film by Giorgio Bianchi
Graziella (2015 film), a French film by Mehdi Charef
See also
Graciela (1915–2010), Cuban singer
Graciela (given name)
Graciella (disambiguation)
Samuel Ramos Magaña, PhD (1897 – June 20, 1959), was a Mexican philosopher and writer.
Ramos was born in Zitácuaro, Michoacán, and in 1909 entered the Colegio de San Nicolás Hidalgo (Michoacán's state university). He published his first works in the school's student publication Flor de Loto. In 1915 he began to study philosophy under the tutelage of his mentor, José Torres Orozco.
He spent 1915, his first year of medical school in Morelia, and his second and third years at the Military Medical School in Mexico City. In 1919 he became part of the faculty of higher learning and taught introductory philosophy at the National Preparatory School and logic and ethics at the National Teachers School.
He pursued specialized degrees at the Sorbonne, the Collège de France, and a University in Rome. Upon his return to Mexico, he continued to teach and served in the Ministry of Public Education.
In 1944 he earned his doctorate in philosophy from the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM) and became head of the Faculty of Philosophy and Literature there. On July 8, 1952 he began a lifelong term as a member of the prestigious Colegio Nacional.
Philosophy
His work concerns itself with the ontology of the Mexican nation. He sees the pelado, the "urban bum" of the 1920s and 1930s, as "the most elemental and clearly defined expression of national character". The machismo of the pelado, he argues, is the result of an inferiority complex (based on Alfred Adler's concept) and, since the pelado represents the entire country, the "character study" is extended to all of Mexico, and was one of the first post-Revolutionary attempts to define and assess the national character.
Bibliography
Filosofía de la vida artística. Buenos Aires: Espasa-Calpe Argentina, 1950.
Philosophy of the Artistic Life translation, 2018.
Hacia un nuevo humanismo. Mexico City: Fondo de Cultura Económica, 1962 (second edition).
El perfil del hombre y la cultura en México. Buenos Aires: Espasa-Calpe Argentina, 1952 (second edition). Translated by Earle, Peter G. as Profile of man and culture in Mexico. Austin: University of Texas Press, 1962.
External links
Samuel Ramos; trayectoria filosófica y antología de textos. Monterrey: Centro de Estudios Humanísticos de la Universidad de Nuevo León, 1965.
20th-century Mexican philosophers
Mexican male writers
Members of El Colegio Nacional (Mexico)
Writers from Michoacán
People from Zitácuaro
National Autonomous University of Mexico alumni
University of Paris alumni
1897 births
1959 deaths
A jab is a type of punch used in the martial arts.
Jab or JAB may also refer to:
Jab, an informal term for an injection
JAB, an Australian punk rock band
JAB Holding Company
Yelmek language, also known as Jab, a Papuan language of West Papua, Indonesia
Hyam language, ISO 639-3 code
Jab Murray (1892–1958), American football player
Jabiru Airport, an Australian airport with IATA code JAB
M1074 Joint Assault Bridge (JABS) an armored military engineering vehicle based on the Abrams M1A1 main battle tank
JAB code, a color 2D matrix barcode inspired by QR code
See also
JABS (Justice, Awareness and Basic Support), a vaccine-hesitant group in the UK
The Big JAB, a network of sports radios stations in Maine, US
YAB (disambiguation)
Djab wurrung, an Indigenous Australian group
Djabwurrung language, spoken by them
1-Naphthalenethiol is an organosulfur compound with the formula C10H7SH. It is a white solid. It is one of two monothiols of naphthalene, the other being 2-naphthalenethiol.
Synthesis
A practical synthesis involves the tin/HCl-reduction of the naphthalene-1-sulfonyl chloride.
1-Naphthalenethiol can also be prepared from 1-bromonaphthalene by Pd-catalyzed reaction with the silylthiolate iPr3SiSK followed by hydrolysis of the silathioether. It was first prepared from the Grignard reagent generated from 1-bromonaphthalene. Treatment of that reagent with elemental sulfur followed by acidification gave the compound. It has been produced by the iodine-catalyzed reduction of 1-naphthalenesulfonic acid with triphenylphosphine.
Reactions
Treating 1-naphthalenethiol with butyl lithium in the presence of tmeda affords the 2-lithio derivative.
References
Thiols
Naphthalenes
Foul-smelling chemicals
Acrocercops lophonota is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Java, Indonesia.
Original description
Wingspan 10–11 mm. Head and thorax rather dark fuscous, pale-speckled, face whitish. Palpi with second joint rough-scaled towards apex anteriorly, dark fuscous, apex whitish, terminal joint rather rough anteriorly, whitish with three dark fuscous rings. Basal joint of antennae with narrow but strong pecten at base. Abdomen dark grey, beneath and on sides whitish, with lateral series of oblique dark fuscous bars. Forewings very narrow, obtuse; rather dark fuscous, pale-speckled; an obscure transverse whitish line almost at base; white transverse lines converging towards costa before and beyond 1/3, accompanied above by yellowish lines, similar more oblique pairs of lines meeting on costa beyond middle; between these are two darker fuscous suboval spots resting on costa partially edged by similar lines, and a third larger subtriangular blotch on costa about 2/3, some irregular light yellowish angulated markings beyond this; an obtusely angulated transverse bluish-silvery line towards apex, followed on costa by a yellowish mark and white dot; a large projecting tuft of dark fuscous scales from dorsum before middle, a smaller one beyond middle, and a third in cilia before tornus: cilia grey, at apex a dark fuscous hook. Hindwings dark grey; cilia grey. Forewings beneath in male with expansible pencil of ochreous-whitish hairs from base of costa reaching to 1/3 of wing. Java, Batavia; two specimens. Nearly allied to auricilla, which has similar dorsal tufts, but distinct; the apical area of wing in Acrocercops auricilla is pale ochreous-yellowish, and the pale lines are more obscure, not yellowish, and rather differently arranged, the costal spots blackish, the male has a subcostal hairpencil beneath, but it is much shorter.
References
lophonota
Moths of Asia
Moths described in 1921
Massachusetts Senate's Worcester, Hampden, Hampshire and Middlesex district in the United States is one of 40 legislative districts of the Massachusetts Senate. It covers portions of Hampden, Hampshire, Middlesex, and Worcester counties. In the 2020 United States presidential election, the district was the only one in the state where incumbent President Donald Trump won. Since 2015 it is represented in the State Senate by Anne Gobi of the Democratic Party.
Towns represented
The district includes the following localities:
Ashburnham
Ashby
Athol
Barre
Brimfield
Brookfield
Charlton
East Brookfield
Hardwick
Holland
Hubbardston
Monson
New Braintree
North Brookfield
Oakham
Palmer
Paxton
Petersham
Phillipston
Rutland
Spencer
Sturbridge
Templeton
Wales
Ware
Warren
West Brookfield
Winchendon
Senators
Robert D. Wetmore
Stephen Brewer
Anne Gobi, 2015-current
See also
List of Massachusetts Senate elections
List of Massachusetts General Courts
List of former districts of the Massachusetts Senate
References
External links
Ballotpedia
(State Senate district information based on U.S. Census Bureau's American Community Survey).
Senate
Government in Worcester County, Massachusetts
Government of Hampden County, Massachusetts
Government of Hampshire County, Massachusetts
Government of Middlesex County, Massachusetts
Massachusetts Senate
Richard Tracy LaPiere (September 5, 1899 – February 2, 1986) was a professor (and later professor emeritus) of sociology at Stanford University from 1929 to 1965.
Early years and education
Born in Beloit, Wisconsin, LaPiere obtained his B.A. in Economics (1926), followed by his M.A in Sociology (1927) and his Ph.D in Sociology (1930), all at Stanford University.
‘Attitudes vs. Actions' article
LaPiere is best known for his 1934 article "Attitudes vs. Actions" that appeared in the journal Social Forces. LaPiere spent two years traveling the United States by car with a couple of Chinese ethnicity. At the time there was substantial anti-Chinese sentiment in the United States, e.g., as reflected in the Chinese Exclusion Act of the late 19th Century.
During that time they visited 251 hotels and restaurants and, while LaPiere reports that some people greeting them looked curious, they were turned away only once. LaPiere concludes that positive reactions were associated with factors unrelated to the race of the couple (such as neat appearance and smiling). and his data reflect his own interpretations of what occurred at each stop.
LaPiere's language and conclusions in the paper reflect his own racial views and awareness gaps of the time. For example, he interprets curiosity as treatment "more positive than typical."
Six months after the conclusion of their travels (to provide a chance to forget their behavior), LaPiere mailed a survey to all of the businesses they visited with the question, "Will you accept members of the Chinese race in your establishment?" The available responses were "Yes", "No", and "Depends upon the circumstances". Of the 128 that responded, 92% answered No, reflecting the anti-Chinese sentiments of the time.
LaPiere also mailed a survey to a comparison group of hotels and restaurants that had not been visited, and their responses were similar.
The study was foundational in establishing the gap between attitudes and behaviors.
Memberships and accolades
LaPiere was an elected member of Alpha Kappa Delta and the Sociological Research Association, and a past president of the Pacific Sociological Association. In 1941 he was awarded a California Book Award silver medal for his fiction work When the Living Strive.
Personal life
LaPiere married in 1934 and died of cancer in 1986. The Department of Sociology at Stanford University's annual research award for best graduate student paper is named in LaPiere's honor.
Selected bibliography
The Freudian ethic (1959)
Collective Behavior (1938)
References
American sociologists
People from Beloit, Wisconsin
Stanford University alumni
1899 births
1986 deaths
George Allen "Iron" Davis (March 9, 1890 – June 4, 1961) was an American professional baseball pitcher. He played all or part of four seasons in Major League Baseball from 1912 to 1915. He played for the Boston Braves and New York Highlanders.
College
When Davis arrived at Williams College, he had never played baseball and he did not seem athletic enough for it. "His strength was confined to his brains and he had the physique of an Oliver Twist," wrote Ring Lardner. Davis neglected his studies in his freshman year because he was working out in the gymnasium and teaching himself to throw a baseball. When Williams coach Billy Lauder saw Davis in the gym one day, he allowed Davis to join the baseball team. He received attention from several major league scouts, and he signed with the New York Highlanders in 1912.
Major league career
Davis pursued studies at Harvard Law School while he was a major league pitcher. He won only seven career major league games, but one of those games was a no-hitter; he threw the no-hit game for the Boston Braves on September 9, 1914, against the Philadelphia Phillies.
From 1918 to 1919, Davis served in the U.S. Army. After his military service, he settled in Buffalo, New York and took philosophy, comparative religion and astronomy classes at University at Buffalo. For thirty years he conducted astronomy classes at the Buffalo Museum of Science, where he was also a trustee.
Davis was married to Georgiana "Kiddo" Jones, and they had four children. One of Kiddo's granddaughters said that she had been a suffragette and "the first in her circle to raise her skirts above the ankle."
Political career
From 1928 to 1934, Davis was a member-at-large of the Buffalo Common Council, and sought the Republican nomination for mayor in 1934 unsuccessfully. He practiced law under a family firm before joining what would become Hodgson Russ law firm.
Death
Davis hanged himself in Buffalo, New York on June 4, 1961.
See also
List of Major League Baseball no-hitters
References
External links
1890 births
1961 suicides
Major League Baseball pitchers
New York Highlanders players
Boston Braves players
Providence Grays (minor league) players
Williams Ephs baseball players
Harvard Law School alumni
Buffalo Common Council members
New York (state) Republicans
Baseball players from Buffalo, New York
Suicides by hanging in New York (state)
People from Lancaster, New York
20th-century American politicians
United States Army personnel of World War I
Sekuoia is the moniker of the Danish electronic musician and producer Patrick Alexander Bech Madsen (born 1992).
Sekuoias first EP "Trips" was released in 2011 and started a small buzz in the electronic music scene in Denmark and Germany.
History
Born in Düsseldorf, and with a childhood in Detroit, Sekuoia first moved to Denmark at an age of 8 years. Throughout his teens, he built himself a studio in his parents basement, where he would go on to make his ambient and lingering electronica.
Sekuoia combines the organic with the electronic in a dreamy meltdown.
Furthermore, Sekuoia has been on the musicschool Engelsholm back in 2012, where he has met some of his current friends and colleagues Smerz, Chinah and Code Walk.
Career
Sekuoia's music has been described as; combining the organic with the electronic in a dreamy meltdown, consisting of dry beats, synth washes and copy/pasted vocals conjure echoes of both dubstep and atmospheric ambient.
Sekuoia has been chosen to support acts like Inc, Washed Out, MØ and WhoMadeWho, as well as remixing Tomas Barfod.
Sekuoia has played in more than 20 European countries, including appearances at festivals like Roskilde Festival, Amsterdam Dance Event, Eurosonic Festival, Trans Musicales, Spot Festival, by:larm
Discography
EP's:
Trips (2011)
Faces (2012)
Reset Heart (2015)
Studioalbum:
flac (2016)
Quotes about Sekuoia
Clash Magazine: ”Gorgeous, expansive, ambitious (…) fast rising producer”
Line of Best Fit: ”Seducing your senses”
Beatport: “Sekuoia is Denmark's finest electronic
References
1992 births
Living people
Danish electronic musicians
Jacob Walter Ruben (August 14, 1899 – September 4, 1942) was an American screenwriter, film director and producer. He wrote for more than 30 films between 1926 and 1942. He also directed 19 films between 1931 and 1940. His great-grandson is actor Hutch Dano. He was born in New York City and died in Hollywood. He is interred at Glendale's Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery.
Selected filmography
Shootin' Irons (1927)
Under the Tonto Rim (1928)
Sunset Pass (1929)
She's My Weakness (1930)
Shooting Straight (1930)
Young Donovan's Kid (1931)
The Public Defender (1931)
The Phantom of Crestwood (1932)
Ace of Aces (1933)
Where Sinners Meet (1934)
Man of Two Worlds (1934)
Java Head (1934)
Riffraff (1936)
Trouble for Two (1936)
Old Hutch (1936)
The Good Old Soak (1937)
The Bad Man of Brimstone (1937)
Maisie (1939)
Tennessee Johnson (1942)
References
External links
1899 births
1942 deaths
American film directors
American film producers
American male screenwriters
Burials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale)
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American screenwriters
Homelink may refer to:
Lianjia, formerly Homelink, a Chinese real estate company
HomeLink Wireless Control System
Homelink (Britain), a 1980s home banking system
The 2019–20 season is Independiente's 7th consecutive season in the top division of Argentine football. In addition to the Primera División, the club are competing in the Copa Argentina, Copa de la Superliga and Copa Sudamericana.
The season generally covers the period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020.
Review
Pre-season
Brown completed the loan signing of young midfielder Elías Contreras on 26 June 2019. Independiente purchased centre-back Alexander Barboza from River Plate on 29 June. Numerous loans from the previous campaign officially expired on and around 30 June. Saúl Nelle was loaned out to Nueva Chicago on 1 July. Temperley announced the incoming of Nicolás Messiniti on 2 July. A goal from Alan Franco helped them beat Temperley in their opening pre-season friendly on 3 July, which preceded a further victory soon after following strikes from Mauro Molina, Fernando Chávez and Diego Mercado. Hours later, Damián Martínez joined Unión Santa Fe permanently; having spent 2016–17 and 2017–18 on loan. Independiente failed to defeat Platense in two friendlies on 6 July.
Independiente communicated their second transaction on 8 July, as Cristian Chávez was captured from Aldosivi. Independiente fell to back-to-back exhibition losses on 10 July at home to Arsenal de Sarandí. Andrés Roa, who had been on loan with Huracán in the past season, was signed on a full-time contract from Deportivo Cali on 12 July. Nicolás Del Priore went out on loan to Villa Dálmine on 12 July. Independiente put eight goals past Aldosivi in pre-season matches on 13 July, though the secondary encounter was against their reserves. Lucas Albertengo headed on loan to Newell's Old Boys on 13 July. Fernando Gaibor agreed terms with Al-Wasl of the United Arab Emirates on 15 July. Tristán Suárez confirmed the loan of Mauricio del Castillo on 17 July.
Sergio Alegre, an attacking midfielder, left for Estudiantes (BA) on 19 July. Independiente lost to Newell's Old Boys in an opening friendly on 17 July, though responded with a victory later in the day thanks to a Silvio Romero hat-trick. On 20 July, Independiente met Temperley for the third time in pre-season, in Wilde, and played out a tie. Jony went off to Talleres on loan on 25 July. Sebastián Palacios transferred from Liga MX's Pachuca on 25 July.
July
Ecuador's Universidad Católica were defeated in the Copa Sudamericana round of sixteen on 25 July, as Pablo Hernández's goal gave Independiente a first leg advantage. Villa Dálmine signed reserve team player Sergio Díaz on 26 July. 28 July saw Independiente start their 2019–20 Primera División campaign with three points on the road against Defensa y Justicia.
August
Gonzalo Verón left on loan to Aldosivi on 1 August. Chilean central midfielder Francisco Silva made a return to his homeland on 2 August, as he agreed a contract with Universidad Católica. Newell's matchday two fixtures with Newell's Old Boys in the Primera División and their Copa Argentina tie with Patronato were postponed in early August, due to scheduling conflicts with CONMEBOL regarding Independiente's quarter-final tie in the Copa Sudamericana. Lucas Romero became Independiente's fifth reinforcement for 2019–20 as he arrived from Brazil's Cruzeiro on 5 August. Independiente came from behind to defeat Independiente del Valle in a Copa Sudamericana quarter-final first leg on 6 August. Gastón del Castillo agreed a move to Atlético Saltillo Soccer on 9 August.
Independiente drew and lost to Gimnasia y Esgrima in friendlies on 10 August. Independiente were eliminated from the Copa Sudamericana on 13 August, as a Dani Nieto strike put Independiente del Valle through to the semi-finals on away goals. Independiente suffered their fourth competitive loss of 2019–20 on 19 August, as they conceded three unanswered goals away to Estudiantes in the Primera División. Independiente achieved their third win in four league matches on 24 August, having beaten Colón at home after a Lucas Acevedo own-goal was coupled with a late Lucas Romero strike. Independiente progressed through to the round of sixteen in the Copa Argentina on 28 August, eliminating Patronato after a narrow one-goal victory at the Estadio Único de Villa Mercedes.
Days later, on 31 August, Independiente and Patronato faced each other again in league action as Patronato reversed the scoreline.
Squad
Transfers
Domestic transfer windows:3 July 2019 to 24 September 201920 January 2020 to 19 February 2020.
Transfers in
Transfers out
Loans out
Friendlies
Pre-season
Arsenal de Sarandí were revealed to be a pre-season opponent of Independiente on 11 June 2019, as were Aldosivi on 24 June. Matches with Temperley, Platense and Newell's Old Boys was scheduled for 3/6/17 July. A encounter match with Temperley was set for 21 July.
Mid-season
Independiente travelled to Villa Domínico for friendlies with Gimnasia y Esgrima on 10 August.
Competitions
Primera División
League table
Relegation table
Source: AFA
Results summary
Matches
The fixtures for the 2019–20 campaign were released on 10 July.
Copa Argentina
Independiente were drawn to meet Patronato in the Copa Argentina R32.
Copa de la Superliga
Copa Sudamericana
Universidad Católica of the Ecuadorian Serie A were, on 3 June 2019, revealed to be Independiente's opponents in the Copa Sudamericana round of sixteen. They defeated Universidad Católica, which saw them advance to the quarter-finals where they'd face another trip to Ecuador in Independiente del Valle.
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
Statistics accurate as of 31 August 2019.
Goalscorers
Notes
References
Club Atlético Independiente seasons
Independiente
Rockers Hi-Fi were an electronic dub/dance outfit formed in Birmingham, England in 1991 as Original Rockers. In 1994 they changed their name to Rockers Hi-Fi. Their music was quite popular across Europe as an extension and continuation of the dub music genre.
Their first success came with a few tracks on the Beyond Records Ambient Dub series of compilations, and "Push Push" became a dancefloor hit at the beginning of the 90s.
They released four studio albums and also mixed and compiled an album for Studio !K7's DJ-Kicks series.
Their urban sound was created by Richard "DJ Dick" Whittingham who began his DJ career in Duran Duran's Rum Runner nightclub, he now hosts Leftfoot at the Medicine Bar, and Glyn "Bigga" Bush who continues to produce music as BiggaBush and Lightning Head on his own Lion Head label.
Their song "What a Life!" was part of the soundtrack for the 1995 film The Basketball Diaries, and "Going Under (Love & Insanity Dub) (K&D Sessions)" featured in the 2000s film Traffic, as well as in the mid-season finale to the first season of the television series The O.C.
In 1992, Richard Whittingham and Glyn Bush founded the label Different Drummer, releasing music from both Original Rockers/Rockers Hi-Fi and others.
Discography Original Rockers
Push Push (single) (1991) The Cake Label
Rockers to Rockers (released 1993 on Different Drummer, with four different tracks compared to the 1995 Rockers Hi-Fi re-release.
Discography Rockers Hi-Fi
Rockers to Rockers (Recorded 1993, released 1995, 4th & Broadway / Gee Street Records)
Push Push (single) (1995) 4th & Broadway
Mish Mash (25 March 1997, WEA Records)
Going Under (the Kruder & Dorfmeister Sessions EP) (single) 1997, Different Drummer / WEA
DJ-Kicks: The Black Album (19 May 1997, Studio !K7)
Overproof (1998, WEA Records)
Times Up (1999, WEA Records)
External links
BiggaBush
References
English dance music groups
English electronic music groups
Gee Street Records artists
Ivan the Terrible (), Op. 116, is the score composed by Sergei Prokofiev for Sergei Eisenstein's film Ivan the Terrible (1942–45) and its sequel (1946), the first two parts of an incomplete trilogy. The project was Prokofiev's second collaboration with Eisenstein, the first being the popular Aleksandr Nevskiy (1938). The majority of the non-liturgical song texts were written by Vladimir Lugovskoy, who collaborated with Prokofiev on the texts for Aleksandr Nevskiy.
The subject of the "First Tale" (Part 1) is the early years, 1547 to 1565, of the reign of Ivan IV of Russia: his coronation, his intent to curb the powers of the boyars, his wedding, his conquest of Kazan, his almost fatal illness, the poisoning and death of his first wife Anastasiya, the formation of the Oprichniki, and his abdication.
The "Second Tale" (Part 2), subtitled The Boyar Conspiracy, covers the years 1565 to 1569, and concerns the defection of Prince Kurbskiy to Poland-Lithuania, Ivan's disputes with Philip II, Metropolitan of Moscow, the intrigues of the boyars, the excesses of the Oprichniki, the attempted coup by the boyars and Ivan's aunt, Yefrosinya Staritskaya, the murder of her son Vladimir Staritsky, and Ivan's triumph over his domestic enemies.
The film scores were not published during Prokofiev's lifetime. They were arranged in 1961 as an oratorio for soloists, chorus, and orchestra by Levon Atovmyan, one of Prokofiev's assistants. However, before this version could be performed, the music received its concert premiere in 1961 in Moscow in the form of an oratorio for speaker, soloists, chorus, and orchestra by Abram Stasevich, who had conducted the film soundtracks for Eisenstein.
In 1973 the composer Mikhail Chulaki and choreographer Yuri Grigorovich drew on Prokofiev's film scores to create the ballet Ivan the Terrible, which was given its premiere in 1975. Later performing editions of the scores include an oratorio put together by Michael Lankester (1989), and a concert scenario by Christopher Palmer (1991). The restoration of the entire original film score has been published and recorded.
History
Composition history
Performance history
The film Ivan the Terrible (Part One) premiered on 30 December 1944. The sequel, The Boyar Conspiracy (Part Two), was not shown until 1958.
The concert premiere of the soundtrack film score, as restored by Frank Strobel, took place on 16 September 2016 at the Musikfest Berlin, accompanied by a showing of the film in the Great Hall of the Konzerthaus Berlin. Strobel conducted the Rundfunk-Sinfonieorchester Berlin and the Rundfunkchor Berlin, with soloists Marina Prudenskaya (contralto) and Alexander Vinogradov (bass).
Publication history
1958, 'Songs and Choruses from the Music for the Film Ivan the Terrible, vocal scores, published by Levon Atovmyan in the magazine Sovetskaya Muzyka; the six numbers included:
'The Black Cloud'
'Ocean-Sea'
'Song of Praise'
'The Swan'
'The Cannoneers'
'Song about the Beaver'
1960, 'Songs and Choruses from Cantatas, Oratorios, and Films', published by Levon Atovmyan, vocal scores, Sovetskiy Kompozitor; the numbers from Ivan the Terrible included:
'The Oath of the Oprichniki'
'Song of Fyodor Basmanov and the Oprichniki'
'Song of the Oprichniki'
1997, Ivan the Terrible, manuscript film score, full score, edition by Marina Rakhmanova and Irina Medvedeva, Musikverlage Hans Sikorski, Hamburg
2016, Ivan the Terrible, soundtrack film score, full score, edition by Frank Strobel, Musikverlage Hans Sikorski, Hamburg
Scoring and instrumentation
The two film scores together require a contralto or mezzo-soprano (in 'Ocean-Sea' and 'Song about the Beaver'), a baritone or bass (in 'Song of the Oprichniki'), a bass (in 'Many Years!'), mixed (SATB) chorus, and the following instrumentation:
Strings: violins I & II, violas, cellos, double basses
Woodwinds: piccolo, 2 flutes, 2 oboes, english horn, 3 clarinets, E-flat clarinet, bass clarinet, alto saxophone, tenor saxophone, 4 bassoons, contrabassoon
Brass: 5 horns, 5 trumpets, 3 trombones, 2 tubas
Percussion: timpani, bass drum, snare drum, triangle, tambourine, cymbals, tam-tam, bells, church bells, glockenspiel, xylophone, wood block, whip
Other: piano, harp
Manuscript numbers
The numbers in Prokofiev's manuscript scores are listed in the table below. The table can be sorted by clicking on the buttons in the title bar. The default sequence can be restored by refreshing the browser (press F5).
Note: The column marked 'S' shows the numbering of the musical numbers by Musikverlage Hans Sikorski, the publisher of the restored manuscript film score (zeros have been inserted before single digit numbers for sorting purposes). 'A' stands for Anhang (the appendix), which includes the liturgical numbers used in the film that were either arranged by Prokofiev or were not written into his score of Ivan the Terrible.
The performance duration is about 100 minutes.
Several numbers can be divided into two parts, which are sometimes quoted in the film separately:
The first half of the 'Overture' is the orchestral 'A Storm Approaches' (the Ivan theme), which is used very liberally in both films as a leitmotiv; the second half is the chorus 'The Black Cloud', which is used only at the beginning of each film as part of the overture.
The first part of 'The Death of Glinskaya' accompanies, in the second film, the flashback of the poisoning of the 8-year-old-Ivan's mother; the second part is the chorus 'On the Bones of our Enemies' (the sung portion of which was used in neither film).
The first half of 'Come Back!' depicts the people's chorus of supplication after Ivan's abdication; the second half is the 'Finale' (a variation of 'A Storm Approaches'), which concludes both films.
Film score cues
Ivan the Terrible (Part 1, 1944)
Ivan the Terrible: The Boyar Conspiracy (Part 2, 1946)
Themes
The Ivan theme appears in:
'Overture' (A Storm Approaches)
'Ivan's Tent'
'Ivan at Anastasiya's Coffin'
'Come Back!' (Finale)
Versions by other hands
Oratorio by Levon Atovmyan (1961)
Performance history
Atovmyan's oratorio finally received its public premiere on 28 January 2012 at the Royal Festival Hall, London. Vladimir Jurowski conducted the London Philharmonic Orchestra and Chorus. The soloists were Ewa Podleś and Andrey Breus.
The Russian premiere took place on 2 April 2012 in the Great Hall of the Moscow Conservatory. Vladimir Jurowski conducted the London Philharmonic Orchestra with the Sveshnikov State Academic Russian Choir and the Chamber Choir of the Moscow Conservatory. The soloists were Elena Zaremba and Andrey Breus.
The North American premiere took place on 18 October 2012 at Davies Symphony Hall, San Francisco. Vladimir Jurowski conducted the San Francisco Symphony and Chorus. The soloists were Elena Zaremba and Andrey Breus.
Numbers
Atovmyan's oratorio is in 8 sections, some consisting of several numbers (or parts of numbers) from the film score—refer to 'Sequence' below:
The performance duration is about 45 minutes.
Scoring and instrumentation
Atovmyan's oratorio is scored for contralto or mezzo-soprano (in 'Ocean-Sea' and 'Song about the Beaver') and baritone (in 'Song of the Oprichniki'), mixed (SATB) chorus, and the following instrumentation:
Strings: violins I & II, violas, cellos, double basses
Woodwinds: 2 piccolos, 2 flutes, 2 oboes, english horn, 2 clarinets, E-flat clarinet, bass clarinet, tenor saxophone, 2 bassoons, contrabassoon
Brass: 4 horns, 5 trumpets, 3 trombones, tuba
Percussion: timpani, piccolo timpani, bass drum, snare drum, triangle, tambourine, cymbals, tam-tam, bells, xylophone, wood block, whip
Other: piano, celesta, 2 harps
Oratorio by Abram Stasevich (1961)
The following commentary, by composer and musicologist Thomas Korganov (1925-2015), was printed in the preface to Stasevich's vocal score in 1961:
"Without adding material of his own or making changes to the composer's manuscript, A. Stasevich approached the music for the film in a creative manner turning it into an oratorio consisting of 20 numbers. By repeating certain episodes and sections, and by linking them in a variety of ways, Stasevich was able to turn the various parts of this substantial work into self-contained numbers. In order to comply with the dictates of musical logic, he did not always adhere strictly to the order of the musical episodes prescribed by the plot. Thus certain episodes were transformed into tripartite structures, and others expanded to become rather large movements. Certain changes were also made to the orchestration, and certain instrumental lines were reinforced ... Stasevich also added another formal determinant in the shape of a speaker."
Performance history
The premiere took place on 23 April 1961 in the Great Hall of the Moscow Conservatory. Abram Stasevich conducted the Moscow State Philharmonic Orchestra.
Publication history
1962, Ivan the Terrible, oratorio by Abram Stasevich, vocal score, Sovetskiy Kompozitor, Moscow
1972, Ivan the Terrible, oratorio by Stasevich, full score, Sovetskiy Kompozitor, Moscow
Numbers
Stasevich's oratorio is in 20 movements, some consisting of several numbers (or parts of numbers) from the film score—refer to 'Sequence' below:
Performance duration is about 75 minutes.
Scoring and instrumentation
Stasevich's oratorio is scored for contralto (in 'Ocean-Sea' and 'Song about the Beaver') and baritone (in 'Song of the Oprichniki'), mixed (SATB) chorus, and the following instrumentation:
Strings: violins I & II, violas, cellos, double basses
Woodwinds: 3 flutes (including 2 piccolos), 3 oboes (including english horn), 5 clarinets (including E-flat clarinet & bass clarinet), alto saxophone, baritone saxophone, 4 bassoons (including contrabassoon)
Brass: 4 horns, 5 trumpets, 3 trombones, 2 tubas
Percussion: timpani, bass drum, snare drum, triangle, tambourine, cymbals, tam-tam, church bells, glockenspiel, xylophone, wood block, metal bar, whip
Other: piano, 2 gusli, 2 harps
Ballet by Mikhail Chulaki (1975)
The ballet Ivan the Terrible, arranged by Mikhail Chulaki and choreographed by Yuriy Grigorovich, debuted in February 1975 at the Bolshoy Theatre with Yuri Vladimirov in the title role. The two act (7 scenes) work consists of selections from Prokofiev's film score for Ivan the Terrible supplemented with excerpts from his Symphony No. 3 (1928), Russian Overture (1936), and 'The Field of the Dead' from the film score for Aleksandr Nevskiy (1938).
Performance history
The world premiere performance took place on 20 February 1975 at the Bolshoy Theatre. Algis Zhuraitis conducted. The cast included Yuriy Vladimirov (Ivan), Natalya Bessmertnova (Anastasiya), and Boris Akimov (Kurbskiy).
Oratorio by Michael Lankester (1988)
Performance history
The premiere took place on 4 May 1988. Michael Lankester conducted the Hartford Symphony Orchestra.
Numbers
This version of Ivan the Terrible consists of 29 numbers.
The performance duration is about 95 minutes.
Concert Scenario by Christopher Palmer (1991)
Christopher Palmer discusses his Ivan the Terrible concert scenario in the notes to a Chandos CD recording made a few days after the work's premiere:
"...in 1962 Abram Stasevich (1906-1971), who had conducted Ivan for the film soundtrack, published his Ivan the Terrible 'oratorio' for speaker, soloists, chorus and orchestra which incorporated all the major musical sequences in the film plus a few that had been left out (notably 'Russian Sea'). It is in this form that the Ivan music has been known outside the film ever since, and in this form that critics have tended to find it long and diffuse. The main problem is the speaker, introduced by Stasevich primarily because he had been unwise enough to try and incorporate a large number of short fragmentary episodes, and had to find a way of stitching them together. Unfortunately once the speaker was in, he seemed to take over the entire work—much to its detriment in terms of narrative intelligibility and tightness of structure. My new 'performing version' eliminates the speaker and shorter sections (most of which are pastiche Russian-liturgical music of minimal Prokofievian interest). It also restores a number of episodes to their original format, most importantly the assassination of the Pretender in Part II—the climax of the film and one of the most electrifying moments in film music. While retaining Stasevich's make-up of most of the larger movements, I have reverted largely to the film's original sequence of musical events."
Performance history
The concert scenario received its premiere on 28 February 1991 at the Royal Festival Hall in London. Neeme Järvi conducted the Philharmonia Orchestra and Chorus.
Numbers
The 'new' work is in 13 movements, some consisting of several numbers (or parts of numbers) from the film score—refer to 'Sequence' below:
The performance duration is about 60 minutes.
Recordings
Audio
Video
ReferencesNotesSources'''
Glinka State Central Museum of Musical Culture, Moscow, and Musikverlag Hans Sikorski, Hamburg, The complete music for the film 'Ivan the Terrible', notes to CD NI 5662/3, Nimbus Records Ltd. 2000
Kravetz, Nelly, An Unknown Ivan the Terrible Oratorio, Three Oranges Journal No. 19, 2010
Palmer, Christopher, Ivan the Terrible: Concert Scenario'', notes to CD CHAN 8977, Chandos Records Ltd. 1991
External links
Prokofiev Ivan/OperaToday
Compositions by Sergei Prokofiev
Films scored by Sergei Prokofiev
Film soundtracks
1944 compositions
1945 compositions
Compositions with a narrator
Cultural depictions of Ivan the Terrible
László Szobothin de Muray-Szombath (lived in the 18th century) was Slovene petty nobleman in Hungary. Lived in Murska Sobota. In 1750, wrote his only work in Latin language: Divus Ivo oratione panegyrica celebratus, dum in academica soc. Jesu D. Joannis Baptista basilica incl. facultas juridica coram senatu populoque academico annuos honores eidem divo tutelari suo solenni ritu instauraret... a. salutis 1750. m. Junio, die 7. Tyrnaviae. 1750. The book published in Trnava.
See also
List of Slovene writers and poets in Hungary
Hungarian Slovenes
External links
Szinnyei József: Magyar írók élete és munkái – Szobothin László (de Muray-Szombath)
Slovenian writers and poets in Hungary
18th-century births
18th-century deaths
People from Murska Sobota
HSR may refer to:
Abbreviations
Health services research
Heat shock response, via HSPA1A gene
Hidden-surface removal
Hierarchical state routing
High-availability Seamless Redundancy
High-speed rail
Higher-speed rail
Homogeneously staining region
Human subject research
Hungarian State Railways
Proper names
Haliburton Scout Reserve, a Scouts Canada camp
Hamilton Street Railway
Hart–Scott–Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act
Hisar Junction railway station, in India
Historical Social Research
Historic Sportscar Racing, U.S.
Hochschule für Technik Rapperswil, a university in St. Gallen, Switzerland
Holyoke Street Railway
Honkai: Star Rail (Chinese: 崩坏：星穹铁道), a video game developed by miHoYo
Hot Springs Municipal Airport, South Dakota, US
Mitsubishi HSR, a concept car
HSR Layout, Bengaluru
High-Speed Research Program, a 1990-1999 NASA supersonic jet program
Viva Yellow or the Davis Drive corridor line, is a Viva bus rapid transit line that serves Newmarket, Ontario, Canada on the Davis Drive Rapidway. This route is within York Region Transit's North Division, and is operated by Tok Transit under contract from York Region .
Route description
Viva Yellow runs east–west on Davis Drive between Yonge Street and Highway 404. The route is less than 6 kilometres long, the shortest line in the Viva system.
There are seven stations on the Viva Yellow line. From west to east they are:
Rapidway
The majority of Viva Yellow's route runs along the Davis Drive Rapidway which is a bus-only lane that occupies the centre lanes of Davis Drive. The rapidway extends 2.6 kilometres from Yonge Street to the Southlake Regional Health Centre.
References
Yellow
Francis John Ware (13 September 1874 – 13 October 1929) was an Australian trade unionist and politician who served as a Labor Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1905 to 1911, representing the seat of Hannans.
Ware was born in Ballarat, Victoria, to Maria (née Sly) and John Bowhay Ware. After leaving school, he was apprenticed to a tailor in Ballarat. He arrived in Western Australia in 1898, in the aftermath of the gold rush, and established his own business in Kalgoorlie. Ware was prominent in the Clothing Trades Union, and from 1902 to 1905 was president of the trades and labour council for the Eastern Goldfields. He was elected to parliament at the 1905 state election, having won the Labor preselection ballot for Hannans unopposed after the withdrawal of the sitting member, Wallace Nelson. Ware was re-elected at the 1908 election, but did not recontest his seat at the 1911 election and was replaced by Selby Munsie. He moved to Perth after leaving politics, opening a tailor's shop in Subiaco. Ware died in October 1929, after being run over by a car in Murray Street. He had married Caroline Elizabeth Wulff in 1906, with whom he had six children.
References
1874 births
1929 deaths
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Western Australia
Australian trade unionists
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
People from Ballarat
Road incident deaths in Western Australia
20th-century Australian politicians
Pedestrian road incident deaths
Somalia first participated at the Olympic Games at the 1972 Summer Games in Munich, West Germany; the Somali Olympic Committee being recognised by the International Olympic Committee shortly prior. The nation has sent athletes to compete in most Summer Olympic Games since then, boycotting in 1976 due to the inclusion of New Zealand, and in 1980 when it joined with the American-led boycott. It also did not compete in 1992 due to the ongoing effects of a famine. Somalia entered their largest contingent of athletes at the 1984 Summer Olympics, a total of seven.
Overseas Somali athletes
Due to the ongoing Somali Civil War, athletes have subsequently had difficulty training in Somalia and many have left to represent other nations, such as Mo Farah who has won four gold medals representing Great Britain. No athlete representing Somalia has yet won a medal at an Olympics, nor taken part in a Winter Games.
Abroad, Somali-born athletes have particularly excelled in long-distance running. Somali-born long-distance runners currently representing other countries include:
Bashir Abdi, representing Belgium
Abdi Nageeye, representing the Netherlands
Abdi Hakin Ulad, representing Denmark
Mustafa Mohamed, representing Sweden
Mohammed Ahmed, representing Canada
Mo Farah, representing the United Kingdom
Abdihakem Abdirahman, representing the United States
Hassan Mead, representing the United States
National Olympic Committee
The Somali Olympic Committee was founded on 12 December 1959, in Mogadishu, by Ali Omar Scego as head of the organisation. It had been hoped that Somalia would be able to take part in the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, Italy, but after Scego was posted as Somalia's ambassador to Belgium, based in Brussels, those who succeeded him were unable to take the nation to the Games and the Committee was entirely abandoned.
The idea was resurrected in 1971, with the national associations of athletics, basketball and football signing up under the Committee's charter. Shortly prior to the 1972 Summer Olympics, it was recognised by the International Olympic Committee (IOC), allowing it to compete.
History
Early years
Somalia made their Summer Olympic debut at the 1972 Games in Munich, West Germany, sending three athletes; Mohamed Aboker, Jama Awil Aden in track events and Abdullah Noor Wasughe in the high jump.
Somalia was eligible to compete at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, but joined with 28 other countries in a boycott. This was after the IOC allowed New Zealand to participate in the Games, despite the breach of the international sports boycott of South Africa by the nation's rugby union team shortly before the Olympics. The majority of the 28 countries in the Olympic boycott were African nations. Prior to the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, Soviet Union, Somalia once again joined in with a boycott of the Games, this time led by the United States over the 1979 invasion of Afghanistan during the Soviet–Afghan War.
When Somalia sent a contingent to the 1984 Summer Olympics, it was their largest group of competitors so far with seven male athletes. Ahmed Mohamed Ismail finished in 47th place in the marathon, while Abdi Bile reached the second round of the 800 metres. Ibrahim Okash went a round better in the 800 metres at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea, reaching the semi finals of the competition.
Although Somalia registered athletes for the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, because of the ongoing famine, it did not participate. They returned once again at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, United States, where they entered four male athletes. That year, Bile recorded the best performance by any Somali athlete at the Olympics so far, finishing sixth in the final of the 1500 metres.
2000s
From the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia, onwards, Somalia reduced its contingent at each Games down to two competitors, one male and one female. This change meant that Somalia fielded female athletes for the first time, Safia Abukar Hussein becoming the first women to compete for her country at the Olympics. This still caused some issues due to the perception of women in athletes within Somalia, with Hussein's own father rejecting her for a period over fears that it would prevent her from finding a husband. However, they reconciled prior to the Games.
The 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, was marked by controversy for Somalia. After Farah Weheliye Addo, the president of the Somali Olympic Committee, was found guilty of embezzling funds from the association football governing body FIFA. In response, FIFA banned him for ten years and complained to the IOC. In support, the IOC removed the accreditation for Addo, therefore banning him from the 2004 Games.
One of the Somali entrants at the 2008 Summer Olympics received a great deal of international media attention. Samia Yusuf Omar was a 16 year old sprinter, who had trained at the Mogadishu Stadium and around the city. The determination she showed despite the difficulty and harassment she received by local militia groups in the civil war was described as inspirational in the press. Following the Games, where she came last in her heat of the 200 metres in donated equipment, she fell out of the public eye because she was not interested in being involved in the media.
2010s
Because of the ongoing Civil War, many Somali athletes have left the country and now compete under the flags of other nations. The most prominent example of this came at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom, when Mo Farah won two gold medals for Great Britain; first the men's 10,000 metres on "Super Saturday", and then for the 5000 metres, during the following week.
It had been hoped that Omar would return at the London Games, but when she returned to Somalia after the 2008 Olympics, she was threatened by Islamic militant group Al-Shabaab, and no longer admitted she was an athlete. She wished to compete at the 2012 Games, and so left Somalia and travelled first to Ethiopia, then north to Libya, where after a period of imprisonment she drowned off the coast while attempting to cross the Mediterranean Sea to Italy, where she hoped to find a coach. Qadijo Aden Dahir, the Deputy Chairman for Somalia's athletics federation, said that "it's a sad death... She was our favourite for the London Olympics".
Somalia continued to send a one male and one female athlete to the 2012 and the 2016 Summer Olympics. Meanwhile, Farah was once again successful at the 2016 Games, winning two further gold medals for Great Britain.
Medal table
See also
List of flag bearers for Somalia at the Olympics
:Category:Olympic competitors for Somalia
Notes
References
External links
Olympics
Jorge de Lancastre (English: George; 21 August 1481 – 22 July 1550) was a Portuguese prince, illegitimate son of King John II of Portugal and Ana de Mendonça, a lady-in-waiting to Joanna la Beltraneja. He was created the second Duke of Coimbra in 1509. He was also master of the Order of Santiago and administrator of the Order of Aviz from 1492 to 1550.
Early life
Jorge de Lancastre was born in Abrantes on August 21, 1481, and raised by his aunt, the king's sister, Joan of Portugal, in the Convent of Jesus in Aveiro. On Joan's death in 1490, Jorge was brought to the royal court, and was soon placed under the tutorship of monteiro-mor Diogo Fernandes de Almeida (the son of John II's late ally, Lopo de Almeida, Count of Abrantes).
Succession Campaign
After the death of the royal heir Prince Afonso in July 1491, King John II was left with no legitimate sons and no daughters he could marry off. The next legitimate successor to the throne was his cousin (and brother-in-law), Manuel, 4th Duke of Beja and grand master of the Order of Christ since 1484.
This was a disturbing prospect for John II, who trusted neither Manuel nor the powerful Order of Christ. During the purges of the high nobility in 1483–84, John II had ordered the execution of Manuel's own brother Diogo, Duke of Viseu and brother-in-law Fernando II, Duke of Braganza. Manuel himself only escaped a similar fate largely because John II regarded him as a harmless fool. Now that 'fool' stood to succeed him, and in John II's estimation, would likely undo all the king's hard-won centralizing reforms and deliver the kingdom back to the nobles.
John II consequently launched a campaign to make his natural son, Jorge de Lancastre, his heir. From Pope Innocent VIII, John II received authorization to appoint Jorge as Grand-Master of the Order of Santiago and administrator of the Order of Aviz, in April, 1492. Only a few days later, Jorge's tutor, Diogo Fernandes de Almeida was appointed Prior of Crato (head of the Portuguese branch of the knights of St. John Hospitaller).
Meanwhile, Queen Eleanor set about knitting a rival campaign, in conjunction with the Order of Christ, to prevent Jorge's advancement and protect the position of Manuel (her brother) as heir.
In 1494, John II dispatched an embassy to Rome, headed by two members of the Almeida clan, to petition Pope Alexander VI to legitimize Jorge de Lancastre. The petition was rejected, bringing the campaign to a disappointing end.
John II, however, had no intention of just handing the kingdom over to Manuel's minions. In the will laid out just before his death in 1495, John II requested that Manuel appoint Jorge de Lancastre as Duke of Coimbra and Lord of Montemor-o-Velho and urged Manuel, on his accession, to pass all his other titles and possessions, including the mastership of the Order of Christ and the island of Madeira, over to Jorge. The concentration of power would have made Jorge de Lancastre the most powerful man in the kingdom, reminiscent of his powerful great-grand-uncle Peter of Coimbra (a comparison suggested by John II himself).
Mindful of avoiding a civil war, Manuel agreed to many of the items in John II's will, but rejected others — notably, Manuel insisted on retaining the Order of Christ for himself. Manuel was not in a hurry to fulfill the rest of the terms. The title of Duke of Coimbra was conferred on Jorge de Lancastre only in May 1500, and confirmation was delayed until May, 1509, nearly fifteen years after his father's death.
John II had also requested that young Jorge de Lancastre would be married to a royal princess, having Manuel promise his own first daughter, when they came of age. Manuel only partly fulfilled this in 1500 by betrothing Jorge to Beatriz de Vilhena, the daughter of Álvaro of Braganza, not an infanta but nonetheless a princess of royal blood.
During Manuel's Reign
Most of the details of Jorge's subsequent life and career are marred by hagiographers of Manuel, eager to portray the king's rival in the worst possible light. But far from the lazy and dissolute picture painted by the royal scribes, the chroniclers of the Order of Santiago seem to have regarded Jorge de Lancastre as a particularly diligent leader and administrator.
The Duke continued as an important figure in Portuguese politics, particularly in the first decade or so of Manuel's reign. The Order of Santiago was Jorge's principal power base. Jorge established something akin to an 'opposition' court at the Order's headquarters in Palmela. He gathered around him the principal loyalists of John II, who now became political opponents of King Manuel I of Portugal, notably the Almeida clan, the Ataíde family, and, of course, his mother's own family — notably, his uncle, António de Mendonça Furtado, a commendador of the Order of Aviz. Other opposition characters gathered around Jorge included Álvaro de Castro and Diogo Lopo da Silveira (Baron of Alvito), and notable India navigators Vasco da Gama and Francisco de Almeida. Jorge is also said to have had the support of many "New Christians", to have personally given them his protection and to have fought against the introduction of the Holy Inquisition into Portugal.
Jorge's party played a rather important role in the early India expeditions. They formed the 'pragmatic' party, insisting, like John II had, that the India expeditions were a commercial venture, a means for the enrichment of the treasury, a 'Renaissance' focus on wealth and power. Manuel's party had a more 'messianic' outlook, seeing the overseas expeditions through the Medieval goggles of Holy War and religious mission, coming up with schemes for two-pronged invasions of Egypt, marches on Mecca and the reconquest of Jerusalem. In this respect, Jorge (if not himself personally, certainly the party he led) played a vital role in keeping the India expeditions on a sane and viable track. Early India armada captains were drawn more from his party, than from Manuel's.
In the early years, Jorge's power was partly reliant on the hope that he might yet succeed Manuel, but that prospect diminished quickly as Manuel's new queen, Mary of Spain, produced a succession of sons. As time went on, his early fierce partisans began to slowly distance themselves and look for compromise and advancement with Manuel. For some, that meant leaving Jorge's Orders of Santiago and Aviz and passing over to Manuel's Order of Christ. Among those who made the switch were Francisco de Almeida and Vasco da Gama.
Jorge picked a particularly unfortunate fight with Vasco da Gama, once a loyal partisan. After da Gama's glorious return from India in 1499, Manuel deftly promised the town of Sines as a reward to the admiral. But Sines was the property of the Order of Santiago. Instinctively, Jorge was disposed to allow it, as a reward to one of his own; but since it was on the king's order, he feared it was the thin end of the wedge to more royal appropriations of Order properties. So he decided to make a stand on principle and stepped in personally to prevent it. He went so far as to secure the banishment of da Gama from Sines in 1507. This prompted da Gama to make his final break with Jorge, leave his beloved Order of Santiago and switch to the rival Order of Christ.
Jorge de Lancastre dedicated himself to defending his two knightly orders, Santiago and Aviz, from the unremitting poaching by Manuel's Order of Christ. In May 1505, Jorge managed to secure a royal order prohibiting knights from leaving his orders without his express permission. But Manuel soon obtained from Pope Alexander VI two bulls to undermine him — one from July 1505, giving the King of Portugal the right to dispose of the property of all three Orders; another in January, 1506, authorizing knights to move freely from other Orders to the Order of Christ. However, Jorge continued to resist, and made a point of punishing knights who left without permission (for example, seizing the Sesimbra commenda of João de Menezes, Count of Tarouca, for having taken up the position of Prior of Crato without his consent).
In 1509, Jorge introduced a new set of rules for the Order of Santiago, overhauling its administration in a centralized fashion, bringing it closer in line with the rules of their Spanish brethren.
But with so many defections, Jorge found it hard to maintain his political footing, and his star was quickly waning. In 1516, the humiliation was complete when Manuel secured from Pope Leo X the authority to appoint Jorge's successors as grand masters of the orders of Santiago and Aviz.
Later Years
King Manuel died in late 1521, and was succeeded by his son, John III of Portugal. But the conflict with Jorge de Lancastre continued, the opposition standard taken up with more energy by Jorge's son, João de Lancastre, Marquis of Torres Novas. The sons of the old rivals butted heads politically and, increasingly, in the scandal sheets. In the late 1520s, João led the opposition to the marriage of King John III's brother, Infante Ferdinand, to Dona Guiomar Coutinho, a prominent noble heiress to the great feudal estates of Marialva and Loulé, on the grounds that he had already secretly married her. The King responded by locking up João de Lancastre in the Castle of São Jorge for some years (an episode later dramatized by Camilo Castelo Branco in his play O Marquez de Torres-Novas).
Jorge himself produced a notable scandal late in life when, at the age of 67, he pursued (and married) a 16-year-old girl, Filipa de Melo (daughter of Dom Fernando de Lima). King John III gave great publicity to the scandal, while, behind Jorge's back, securing an annulment from the pope.
When Jorge de Lancastre finally died in late July 1550, John III moved quickly to seize control of the military orders. From Pope Julius III, he received a bull in August 1550 appointing him personally as the master of both the Order of Santiago and the Order of Aviz. This was followed up by a second bull, issued under great diplomatic pressure in December 1551, appointing the Kings of Portugal as masters in perpetuity of both military orders, thus bringing an end to the independence of the orders Jorge had fought so hard to retain.
At Jorge's death, John III took back the title of 'Duke of Coimbra' for the Crown. The official explanation was that Coimbra was a royal town and the existence of a feudal title bearing the town's name was inappropriate. The real reason was probably that the king was eager to erase a title that had been borne by two notable challengers of royal power, a name that might still have a magical pull on the imagination of the next bearer. The lands associated with the Duke of Coimbra were passed to the Duke of Aveiro, a new title created by John III shortly before (c. 1535) for Jorge's son and heir, João de Lancastre. The line of Lancastre would continue through the Dukes of Aveiro.
Marriage
In 1500, Jorge married Beatriz de Vilhena, daughter of Álvaro of Braganza, brother of the Ferdinand II, Duke of Braganza.
Jorge had several children of his marriage with Beatriz de Vilhena:
João de Lencastre, 1st Duke of Aveiro
Afonso de Lancastre, Comendador-mor of São Tiago. He had a son:
Álvaro of Lencastre, 3rd Duke of Aveiro
Luís de Lancastre, Comendador-mor of Aviz, married Magdalena de Granada, granddaughter of Abu l-Hasan Ali, Sultan of Granada and Isabel de Solís
Jaime de Lancastre, Prior of São Pedro de Torres Vedras, 1st General-inquisitor of the kingdom
Helena de Lancastre, Comendadeira of the Royal Monastery of Santos
Maria de Lancastre, religious in the Monastery of Saint John in Setúbal (Soror Maria Madalena)
Filipa de Lancastre, Prior of the Monastery of Saint John in Setúbal
Isabel de Lancastre, religious in the Monastery of Saint John in Setúbal and after that in the Royal Monastery of Santos.
He also had several children outside the marriage.
Jorge died in the castle of Palmela on July 22, 1550.
Ancestry
See also
Duke of Coimbra
List of Portuguese Dukedoms
Bibliography
External links
Genealogical information on Jorge of Lancastre, 2nd Duke of Coimbra
1481 births
1550 deaths
House of Aviz
102
Portuguese infantes
Illegitimate children of Portuguese monarchs
People from Abrantes
15th-century Portuguese people
16th-century Portuguese people
Sons of kings
Alpağut is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Manel Bosch Bifet (born September 19, 1967, in Lleida) was a Spanish professional basketball player.
Player career
1982/83 Maristes Lleida (youth team)
1983/84 Antorcha
1984/85 UE Lleida
1985/89 Espanyol
1989/90 Gijón Baloncesto
1990/91 Granollers
1991/92 CAI Zaragoza
1992/95 Unicaja Málaga
1995/97 FC Barcelona
1997/99 Caja San Fernando
1999/01 Cantabria Lobos
2001/03 Caprabo Lleida
Honours
FC Barcelona
ACB Champion: 2
1996, 1997
Plus Pujol Lleida
ACB Catalan League Champion: 1
2002
Spain
Eurobasket Bronze Medal: 1
1991
External links
Manel Bosch profile
1967 births
Living people
Basketball players from Catalonia
Baloncesto Málaga players
Real Betis Baloncesto players
FC Barcelona Bàsquet players
Liga ACB players
Sportspeople from Lleida
Spanish men's basketball players
1990 FIBA World Championship players
Gijón Baloncesto players
Forwards (basketball)
is the first album by Japanese hard rock band Rider Chips, released on March 16, 2005. The catalogue code for this album is AVCA-22283.
Track listing
"ELEMENTS" feat. Ricky
"The people with no name" feat. m.c.A.T
"Sitting On The Dynamite" feat. Jin Hashimoto
"We gotta fight" feat. Diamond Yukai
"DEEP BREATH" feat. Rolly
feat. Ricky
"Gravitation" feat. Keiko Terada
feat. Kenji Ohtsuki
feat. m.c.A.T
"Super Human" feat. Ricky
"Hard knock life" feat. Diamond Yukai
feat. Keiko Terada
"Touch" feat. Rolly & Jin Hashimoto
"The Last Card" feat. m.c.A.T
"POWER CHILD" feat. Rolly
Personnel
Yoshio Nomura – guitar
Koichi Terasawa – bass
Joe – drums
Ayumu Koshikawa (violin) – track 8
Cher Watanabe (keyboards) – tracks 1-4, 6-12 & 14
Diamond☆Yukai (vocals and blues harp) – tracks 4 & 11
Jin Hashimoto (vocals) – tracks 3 & 13
Keiko Terada (vocals) – tracks 7 & 12
Kenji Otsuki (vocals) – track 8
m.c.A・T (vocals) – tracks 2, 9 & 14
Muneyuki Kamimoto (keyboards) – track 15
Raida (chorus) – Shounen Shoujo Gassyoutai
Ricky (vocals) – tracks 1, 6 & 10
Rolly (vocals) – tracks 5, 13 & 15
Yoshichika Inomata (keyboards) – tracks 5 & 13
External links
Rider Chips official website
2005 albums
Rider Chips albums
Dagmersellen is a municipality in the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.
On 1 January 2006, the former municipalities of Buchs and Uffikon were merged into Dagmersellen, causing a one-third increase in its population and a marked increase in its territorial area.
History
Dagmersellen is first mentioned around 1070-90 as Tagmarsellen. In 1173 it was mentioned as Tagemarsseildon.
Geography
Dagmersellen has an area, , of . Of this area, 54.5% is used for agricultural purposes, while 34% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 10.2% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (1.3%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains). , 33.91% of the total land area was forested. Of the agricultural land, 50.86% is used for farming or pastures, while 3.73% is used for orchards or vine crops. Of the settled areas, 3.9% is covered with buildings, 0.88% is industrial, 0.42% is classed as special developments, 0.21% is parks or greenbelts and 4.78% is transportation infrastructure. Of the unproductive areas, 0.17% is unproductive standing water (ponds or lakes), 0.55% is unproductive flowing water (rivers) and 0.59% is other unproductive land.
The municipality is located in the lower Wiggertal, on the A2 motorway between Basel and Lucerne. It consists of the linear village of Dagmersellen.
Demographics
Dagmersellen has a population (as of ) of . , 605 or about 12.5% are not Swiss citizens. Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 9%. Most of the population () speaks German (91.0%), with Albanian being second most common ( 2.2%) and Italian being third ( 1.6%).
In the 2007 election the most popular party was the CVP which received 37.4% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SVP (26.7%), the FDP (24.5%) and the SPS (5.8%).
The age distribution, , in Dagmersellen is; 1,112 people or 22.9% of the population is 0–19 years old. 1,514 people or 31.2% are 20–39 years old, and 1,584 people or 32.7% are 40–64 years old. The senior population distribution is 474 people or 9.8% are 65–79 years old, 136 or 2.8% are 80–89 years old and 27 people or 0.6% of the population are 90+ years old.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Dagmersellen about 66.4% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a Fachhochschule).
there are 1,565 households, of which 412 households (or about 26.3%) contain only a single individual. 206 or about 13.2% are large households, with at least five members. there were 837 inhabited buildings in the municipality, of which 625 were built only as housing, and 212 were mixed use buildings. There were 412 single family homes, 106 double family homes, and 107 multi-family homes in the municipality. Most homes were either two (372) or three (170) story structures. There were only 46 single story buildings and 37 four or more story buildings.
the religious membership of Dagmersellen was; 3,518 (81.5%) were Roman Catholic, and 346 (8.%) were Protestant, with an additional 107 (2.48%) that were of some other Christian faith. There are 76 individuals (1.76% of the population) who are Muslim. Of the rest; there were 10 (0.23%) individuals who belong to another religion (not listed), 114 (2.64%) who do not belong to any organized religion, 148 (3.43%) who did not answer the question.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Industry
Over the last decades Dagmersellen has turned from a farming village into an industrial town, attracting domestic and international companies due to its location.
Dagmersellen has an unemployment rate of 1.33%. , there were 312 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 106 businesses involved in this sector. 1331 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 70 businesses in this sector. 839 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 120 businesses in this sector. 52.7% of the population of the municipality were employed in some capacity. At the same time, females made up 40.6% of the workforce.
References
External links
Vrindavan Nagar Bhopal is a suburb of Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, India.
It is located on Ayodhya bypass road in Bhopal, with Ayodhya Nagar, Piplani and Rajiv Nagar surrounding it. It is situated on one side of Hathaikheda Lake, which gives it a unique and very picturesque location. It is home to number of high-profile residential societies such as Sagar Lake view homes; other housing societies include Kanta Shravan homes, Jeet homes to name a few.
Neighbourhoods in Bhopal
The Chernobyl Forum is the name of a group of UN agencies, founded on 3–5 February 2003 at the IAEA (International Atomic Energy Agency) Headquarters in Vienna, to scientifically assess the health effects and environmental consequences of the Chernobyl accident and to issue factual, authoritative reports on its environmental and health effects.
Participants
Eight UN organizations are involved in the Chernobyl Forum:
the IAEA (International Atomic Energy Agency)
the FAO (Food and Agriculture Organization)
the OCHA (United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs)
the UNDP (United Nations Development Programme)
the UNEP (United Nations Environment Programme)
the UNSCEAR (United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effects of Atomic Radiation)
the WHO (World Health Organization)
the World Bank.
The Chernobyl Forum also comprises the governments of Belarus, Russia and Ukraine.
Publications
The Chernobyl Forum released on 5 September 2005 a comprehensive scientific assessment report on the consequences of the Chernobyl accident titled: "Chernobyl's Legacy: Health, Environmental and Socio-Economic Impacts". A revised edition was released in March 2006 and is available here, together with the Forum's report "Recommendations to the Governments of Belarus, the Russian Federation and Ukraine".
The report covers environmental radiation, human health and socio-economic aspects. About 100 recognized experts from many countries, including Belarus, Russia and Ukraine, have contributed. The report claims to be "the most comprehensive evaluation of the accident's consequences to date" and to represents "a consensus view of the eight organizations of the UN family according to their competences and of the three affected countries".
On the death toll of the accident, the report states that 28 emergency workers died from acute radiation syndrome and 15 patients died from thyroid cancer. It roughly estimates that cancers deaths caused by the Chernobyl accident might eventually reach a total of up to 4,000 among the 600,000 cleanup workers or "liquidators" who received the greatest exposures.
One paper estimates an additional 5,000 deaths from the Chernobyl accident among the exposed population of around 6 million living in the contaminated areas of Ukraine, Belarus and Russia However, the paper notes that no significant increased cancer risk apart from thyroid cancer has been scientifically demonstrated to date; this prediction is only an indication of the possible impact of the accident, and should not be taken at face value.
The report quotes 4,000 cases of thyroid cancer resulting from the accident, mainly in children and adolescents at the time of the accident; however the survival rate is almost 99%. Since most emergency workers and people living in contaminated areas received relatively low radiation doses, comparable to natural background levels, no decrease in fertility or increase in congenital malformations have been observed.
The report indicates that many people were traumatised by the accident and the rapid relocation that followed; they remain anxious about their health, perceiving themselves as helpless victims rather than survivors, mainly because of the lack of credible information about the effects of the accident. The Chernobyl Forum recommends that relocated people be helped to normalise their lives and better access social services and employment.
The report also concluded that a greater risk than the long-term effects of radiation exposure, is the risk to mental health caused by exaggerated fears about the effects of radiation:
" ... The designation of the affected population as “victims” rather than “survivors” has led them to perceive themselves as helpless, weak and lacking control over their future. This, in turn, has led either to over cautious behavior and exaggerated health concerns, or to reckless conduct, such as consumption of mushrooms, berries and game from areas still designated as highly contaminated, overuse of alcohol and tobacco, and unprotected promiscuous sexual activity."
See also
Chernobyl disaster
Chernobyl disaster effects
List of Chernobyl-related articles
Nuclear power debate
References
External links
Chernobyl Forum page on the IAEA website
Chernobyl Forum report "Chernobyl's legacy: Health, Environmental and Socio-Economic Impacts"
Scientific organizations
Aftermath of the Chernobyl disaster
Energy in Ukraine
Health in Ukraine
1986 in the Soviet Union
Chhapali is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, it had a population of 2,509 living in 501 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Doti District
Populated places in Doti District
Senator Bean may refer to:
Aaron Bean (born 1967), Florida State Senate
Benning M. Bean (1782–1866), New Hampshire State Senate
James Bean (1933–2013), Mississippi State Senate
Jim Bean (1932–2013), Mississippi State Senate
Ralph J. Bean (1912–1978), West Virginia State Senate
Angelo Venturoli (1749 – March 7, 1821 in Bologna) was an Italian architect.
He was born in Medicina in the Province of Bologna, and trained at the Accademia Clementina, under Petronio Fancelli. By 1781, he was an academic, and from 1786 to 1803, docent or teacher of architecture. In 1795, he was named director of the academy and Vice (1802 and 1803).
He was active as an architect in Bologna and the Veneto, including Castelfranco Emilia. Among architectural works are refurbishing and Neoclassical additions to the churches of San Giuliano and San Michele Arcangelo, the entrance and Atrium of the palazzo Hercolani, the entrance to Villa Sardini (1777) at Pieve Santo Stefano, and Villa Hercolani. Among his collaborators, was the sculptor Giacomo De Maria (1762–1838). With the help of Carlo Bianconi, Marchese Antonio Bolognini Amorini, Count Luigi Salini, and Signor Carlo Savini, as well as with Angelo's endowment, the helped found the Collegio Artistico Angelo Venturoli in Bologna in 1825.
References
18th-century Italian architects
1749 births
1821 deaths
Architects from Bologna
People from the Province of Bologna
Modou Barrow (born 13 October 1992), commonly known as Mo Barrow, is a Gambian professional footballer who plays for K League 1 club Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors and the Gambia national team. He is a winger but can also play as a forward.
He grew up in Sweden where he played for several senior clubs. In 2014, he signed for Swansea City of the Premier League. After loans to three Championship clubs, he transferred to Reading in 2017. Barrow made his international debut for the Gambia national team in 2015.
Club career
Early life and Sweden
Barrow was born in the Gambia. When he was 11, his mother died. He and his four brothers joined their father in Sweden. He reflected that "Football obviously helped me get through that period of my life. I was very good at football and got a lot of friends at my new school, mainly because many of them really liked to play football with me. I was never bullied because I was from another country."
He spent his youth career at Östers IF and Mjölby AI, before earning his first senior appearances with Mjölby AI. His best friend from the Gambia had moved to the town of Mjölby. While visiting his friend, he was invited to train with the club, and quickly caught the eye of the senior squad. This in turn led to a deal with the nearby club IFK Norrköping. After spells at fellow Swedish sides Mjölby Södra IF, IFK Norrköping, and Varbergs BoIS, he joined Swedish second-tier side Östersunds FK in 2014. He scored 10 goals in 19 matches in his only season for them in Superettan.
Swansea City
On 30 August 2014, Barrow completed his transfer to Premier League side Swansea City for an undisclosed fee, believed to be around £1.5 million, after being signed by manager Garry Monk. He became the first Gambian footballer to play in the Premier League – Omar Koroma spent two seasons at Portsmouth starting in 2008, but failed to make an appearance.
"I like the way Swansea play football, it reminds me of how I used to play back home. I've watched a lot of their matches on TV and I was impressed with what I saw," he said on signing for Swansea. "They like to give young players a chance and hopefully I can progress here." Barrow went straight into the Under-21s squad.
On 28 October 2014, Barrow was included on the bench for Swansea's League Cup match against Liverpool. He was assigned the squad number 58.
On 9 November 2014, Barrow made his Swansea City and Premier League debut against Arsenal, coming on in place of Marvin Emnes for the last 23 minutes of a 2–1 home win. He scored his first Swansea goal on 3 January 2015 in a 6–2 win at Tranmere Rovers in the third round of the FA Cup. Barrow signed a new four-year contract until June 2018. Barrow was loaned to Nottingham Forest on 11 March 2015 until the end of the 2014–15 season.
On 10 August 2015, Barrow was loaned to Blackburn Rovers on a three-month emergency loan. On 8 September, he was recalled by Swansea and remained a regular under manager Francesco Guidolin, Barrow scored his first league goal for Swansea in a 3–2 defeat at Bournemouth on 12 March 2016. He signed a new contract at Swansea on 7 July 2016, keeping him at the club until 2019 and also adding a £15 million pound release clause for the player.
Despite playing 20 times for Swansea during the first half of the 2016–17 season under Guidolin and Bob Bradley, after falling out of favour under new manager Paul Clement due to the signing of Luciano Narsingh, Barrow was made available for a transfer. He was strongly linked with a move to Championship side Newcastle United. On 31 January 2017, Barrow joined Leeds United on loan until the end of the 2016–17 season, with a view to a permanent deal. The move saw him link up with Monk. After failing to break into the first team, he was not purchased by Leeds. During his time at Swansea he became the first Gambian to score a Premier League goal.
Reading
On 21 July 2017, Swansea rejected a bid from Reading in the region of £1.25 million, before Barrow signed a four-year contract with Reading on 3 August for an undisclosed fee. He scored his first goal for Reading in a 2–1 home win against Aston Villa on 15 August.
Denizlispor (loan)
On 12 August 2019, Denizlispor announced the signing of Barrow on a season-long loan deal, with Reading confirming the deal a day later.
Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors
On 20 July 2020, Reading confirmed the permanent transfer of Barrow to Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors.
International career
On 31 March 2015, Barrow was called up for the Sweden national under-21 football team, however he pulled out of the squad due to an injury he had sustained.
In May 2015, he was called up for the Gambia national football team, and on 22 May, he confirmed on his Twitter account that he had decided to play for his native Gambia. Barrow made his debut for the Gambia during the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualification in a goalless draw away to South Africa on 13 June 2015.
Barrow scored his first international goal on 27 March 2017, opening a 2–1 friendly win over the Central African Republic in Kenitra, Morocco.
He played in the 2021 Africa cup of Nations, his national team's first continental tournament, where they made a sensational quarter-final.
Style of play
Barrow is a pacey winger, who likes to run with the ball and take on defenders and create chances. He can also play as a forward. He revealed that with his style of play that 'I want to get the fans on their feet, and I fight until the end'.
Personal life
Barrow lives with his fiancée and their daughter Anya, born in November 2014. Barrow holds a Swedish citizenship. In 2012, Barrow was sentenced to community service and probation after assaulting his girlfriend. He is a devout Muslim.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Gambia's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Barrow goal.
Honours
Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors
K League 1: 2020
Korean FA Cup: 2020
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Banjul
Gambian footballers
Association football forwards
Allsvenskan players
Superettan players
Premier League players
English Football League players
Süper Lig players
IFK Norrköping players
Östersunds FK players
Swansea City A.F.C. players
Nottingham Forest F.C. players
Blackburn Rovers F.C. players
Leeds United F.C. players
Reading F.C. players
Denizlispor footballers
Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors FC players
The Gambia international footballers
2021 Africa Cup of Nations players
Gambian emigrants to Sweden
Gambian expatriate footballers
Gambian expatriate sportspeople in Wales
Expatriate footballers in Wales
Gambian expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
Gambian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Gambian expatriate sportspeople in South Korea
Expatriate footballers in South Korea
The History & Archaeology Museum in Piatra Neamț, Romania, was founded at the beginning of the 20th century by Constantin Matasă, minister and amateur archaeologist.
The museum shelters the most important collection of Cucuteni culture artifacts and it is the home of the Cucuteni Research Centre. The famous piece, Hora de la Frumuşica ("The Frumuşica Dance," the symbol of Cucuteni culture), can be found on the museum website.
Gallery
References
External links
360 Virtual Tour of the museum
About the museum
Virtual expo
Piatra Neamț
Piatra
Piatra
Archaeological museums in Romania
Museums of Dacia
Cucuteni–Trypillia culture
Museums in Neamț County
Daniel Fiala (born 24 June 1972) is a Czech former professional tennis player.
Active on tour in the 1990s, Fiala reached career best rankings of 409 in singles and 236 in doubles. He made two ATP Tour doubles main draw appearances at the Czech Indoor tournament in Ostrava and was a four-time doubles finalist on the ATP Challenger Tour. After retiring he became a coach and has coached WTA Tour player Libuše Průšová.
ATP Challenger/ITF Futures finals
Doubles: 7 (3–4)
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Czech male tennis players
Hibbertia subvaginata is a species of flowering plant in the family Dilleniaceae and is endemic to Western Australia. It is a small shrub that has yellow flowers with stamens arranged around three or four carpels.
Description
Hibbertia subvaginata is an erect, occasionally a spreading or straggling shrub, that typically grows to a height of . The leaves have a wedge-shaped tip and a more or less sheathing base. Its yellow flowers may be seen from July to December and have their stamens arranged around three or four carpels.
Taxonomy
This species was first described in 1845 by Ernst Gottlieb von Steudel who gave it the name Candollea subvaginata in Lehmann's Plantae Preissianae. In 1880, Ferdinand von Mueller changed the name to Hibbertia subvaginata in Fragmenta Phytographiae Australiae. The specific epithet (subvaginata) derives from the Latin, sub-, ("somewhat" or "not completely") and vaginata ("sheathed") to give a Botanical Latin compound adjective meaning "somewhat sheathed" referring to the leaves.
Distribution and habitat
Hibbertia subvaginata is found in the biogeographic regions of the Avon Wheatbelt, Esperance Plains, the Geraldton Sandplains, the Jarrah Forest, the Swan Coastal Plain, and Warren. It grows on sand, granite, laterite, on sandplains, sand dunes, floodplains, and outcrops.
References
External links
Hibbertia subvaginata occurrence data from Australasian Virtual Herbarium
subvaginata
Flora of Western Australia
Taxa named by Ernst Gottlieb von Steudel
Plants described in 1845
Halang is an urban barangay in Calamba, Laguna, Philippines. It is situated in the east portion of the city (Calamba). Halang is the one of the richest barangays in Calamba.
Neighboring Barangays
Population
See also
Jeric Gonzales
Thea Tolentino
Gallery
References
Barangays of Calamba, Laguna
The Royal Navy had a number of floating drydocks for the repair of warships where there was no fixed dry dock available. The docks did not receive a name and were known as "Admiralty Floating Dock" with a number.
In size they went up to ones capable of lifting the largest Royal Navy battleships.
List
19th Century
Admiralty Floating Dock Bermuda - Royal Naval Dockyard, Ireland Island, Bermuda, moored in the camber of what was to become the North Yard of the dockyard when the South Yard was constructed at the turn of the Century. 1869-1906. It was intended to be scrapped by a German company, but this was prevented by the outbreak of the First World War and it remains across the mouth of the Great Sound at Spanish Point, crumbling away in the shallows of Stovell Bay.
Numbered docks
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 1 - Royal Naval Dockyard, Bermuda, 1902-1946. The largest floating drydock in the World, at the time, it was towed to Bermuda from Sheerness by two Dutch tugs (as no British tugs of sufficient power were available) in 1902. It was initially anchored off Agar's Island and Boss' Cove, at Spanish Point, Pembroke, pending completion of the new South Yard, its intended berth, at the Royal Naval Dockyard. Renamed from "Bermuda Dock" to AFD 1 in 1925. Clark & Standfield, 545 ft, 99 ft internal width with a lifting capacity of 11,700tons
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 2
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 3- Dover, 1912, designed to lift three submarines. 290 ft, 1600 tons
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 4 - Medway, 680 ft, 32,000 tons lifting capacity
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 5 Royal Naval Dockyard, Bermuda, 1946-1951.
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 6 -Sheerness. built by Swan Hunter & Wigham Richardson 280 ft, 2000 tons. Intended for Harwich to lift two destroyers at a time, moved to Sheerness in 1920.
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 7
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 8 - Malta, reduced to hulk by 1948 and replaced by AFD No. 35
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 9 - Singapore, also known as "Singapore Dock" or "Admiralty IX", 855 ft long, 55,000 tons capacity
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 10
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 11 - Southampton, 960 ft; lifting capacity 60,000 tons. Built for Southern Railway. Taken over by Admiralty in 1939.
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 12 - At Rosyth, 380 ft, 2750 tons
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 13
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 14 - At Scapa Flow during WWII. Built by Palmers Hebburn, 240 ton lift, 142.5 ft
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 15 - At Stornoway and Greenock during WWII. Built by Palmers Hebburn, 240 ton lift, 142.5 ft
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 16 - At Lerwick and Invergordon during WWII. Built by Palmers Hebburn, 240 ton lift, 142.5 ft
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 17 - Reykjavik. 2750 tons built at Devonport. Moved to Sydney in 1944 arriving in May 1945
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 18 - Clark Stanfield design, lifting capacity of 2750 tons
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 19
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 20 - Port Bannatyne on the Isle of Bute. 2750 tons. Replacement for AFD7. Used for submarines including X-craft
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 21
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 22 - Clark Stanfield design built at Chatham, lifting capacity of 2750 tons, intended for the emergency docking of escort vessels and destroyers.
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 23
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 26 -Fabricated in Calcutta, assembled in Bombay 1944, Braithwaite B/j Ltd. Moved to Hafnarfjördur, Iceland 1995 is still in operation will be scrap 2021 - 2022
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 28 -Royal Naval Dockyard, Bermuda. 1941-1946.
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 35 -Malta. 1948 onwards.
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 48 -Royal Naval Dockyard, Bermuda. The smaller of two at Royal Naval Dockyard, Bermuda from 1946 (replacing a US lend-lease dock) until the dockyard was reduced to a base in 1951. Transferred to civil Government after 1951 and remained until 1972.
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 59 -Portsmouth, 1960 onwards. long, for "destroyers, frigates and nuclear submarines"
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 60 - Faslane (now HMNB Clyde), 1965 onwards. Constructed in Portsmouth, operated at Faslane with a 6000 ton capacity for nuclear submarines. Moved to Hafnarfjördur Iceland 1997 is still in operation
Admiralty Floating Dock No. 67 - 1945. Constructed from concrete. 800 ton capacity for service with RN Far East.
Notes
References
Auxiliary ships of the United Kingdom
"" (I stand by your manger here) is a German Christmas hymn, with lyrics by Paul Gerhardt which were first published in 1653. It was then sung with an older melody by Martin Luther, but a melody which was likely created by Johann Sebastian Bach for Schemellis Gesangbuch of 1736 is now part of current Protestant and Catholic hymnals.
History
The Lutheran theologian and minister Paul Gerhardt wrote the text of 15 stanzas. It was first published in the fifth edition of Johann Crüger's hymnal Praxis Pietatis Melica in 1653. It was first a song of individual reflection and devotion, which became part of congregational singing only later, such as in 1709 in the hymnal Geistliche und Liebliche Lieder by Johann Porst.
In Germany, it is present in both the current Protestant (Evangelisches Gesangbuch) and Catholic hymnals (Gotteslob). It is also part of several other hymnals and song books.
Text
The text of the original stanzas 1, 3, 4 and 5 is given, as in the Protestant and Catholic hymnals:
Tunes and settings
Johannes Zahn listed eight hymn tunes which were specifically composed for "" and which originated or were first published between 1667 and 1883 (Zahn 4659–4666). One of these melodies, Zahn 4663, was first published as No. 195 in Schemellis Gesangbuch in 1736.
Luther composed two hymn tunes for "Nun freut euch lieben Christen": the Praxis Pietatis Melica of 1653 specifies the second of these, the one that was published in the Klugsches Gesangbuch, as melody for Gerhardt's text.
The hymn was published with the "Nun freut euch lieben Christen" tune in the Gotteslob of 1975. In the Gotteslob of 2013 it was published with the melody from Schemellis Gesangbuch as GL 256 in the common section, with . The older tune has been retained in regional sections, for example GL 758 in the Gotteslob of the Diocese of Limburg.
"Nun freut euch lieben Christen" melody
The first print gives the melody of "Nun freut euch lieben Christen", a melody by Martin Luther which was also used for "Es ist gewisslich an der Zeit" (EG 149). This melody, Zahn 4429a, appears in older hymnals, and in the Epiphany part of Johann Sebastian Bach's Christmas Oratorio, composed for the Christmas season of 1734–1735. Inserted in the narration of the Three Kings, the first stanza refers to them bringing gold, incense and myrrh, thus offering what the singer has to give, spirit and mind, heart, soul and courage ("mein Geist und Sinn, Herz, Seel und Mut").
Melody in Schemellis Gesangbuch
In 1736, Georg Christian Schemelli published in Leipzig a Musicalisches Gesang-Buch (Musical song book). Bach probably composed for this edition a melody in C minor which was intended for private devotion and solo singing. The Bach-Gesellschaft republished this setting of the song in 1892. The setting, known as , includes, apart from the hymn tune, a figured bass accompaniment.
References
Sources
External links
Xaver Frühbeis: Wortreich vor dem Herrn: "Ich steh an deiner Krippen hier“. BR-Klassik, Mittagsmusik extra, 26 December 2014
German-language Christmas carols
Lutheran hymns
1653 works
Compositions by Johann Sebastian Bach
17th-century hymns in German
Hymns by Paul Gerhardt
Rear Admiral Aaron Ward (October 10, 1851 – July 5, 1918) was an officer in the United States Navy during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. He served during the Spanish–American War.
Early years
Aaron Ward was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and was the son of Brigadier General Ward B. Burnett who had served as the colonel of 2nd New York Volunteers during the Mexican War and also served as a brigadier general in the New York militia during the Civil War. Ward took the name of his maternal grandfather Major General Aaron Ward of the New York Militia.
Ward entered the United States Naval Academy with the rank of midshipman on September 28, 1867, graduating on June 6, 1871.
Career
He was ordered to the steam frigate California on the Pacific Squadron, and was promoted to ensign July 14, 1872. He next served in steam sloop in the West Indies from 1873 to 1874, before reporting to the screw frigate on the European Station, and was promoted to master on February 8, 1875.
Ward served a tour of duty at the Naval Academy from 1876 to 1879. Next he served with the training squadron in 1879 through 1882, receiving his commission as lieutenant on November 25, 1881.
Ward was occupied with various professional duties at the Naval Torpedo Station in Newport, Rhode Island, and the New York Navy Yard through 1885. From 1885 to 1888 he was stationed in the sloops and on the Pacific Station. Between 1889 and 1894, Ward served as naval attaché in Paris, Berlin, and St. Petersburg. He sailed with armored cruiser in the West Indies and Brazil until 1894, and in protected cruiser in the Mediterranean through 1896.
Spanish–American War
During the Spanish–American War, Ward commanded the armed yacht . Commended for gallantry, he was advanced to lieutenant commander on March 3, 1899, for conspicuous service at the Battle of Santiago de Cuba.
Later career
He then commanded the auxiliary cruiser for a year in the West Indies, followed by service as chief of staff to the Asiatic Squadron commander. From 1901 to 1908, Ward commanded the gunboats and , and then the armored cruiser , successively. He served for one year as supervisor of the harbor at New York before becoming an aide to the Secretary of the Navy in 1909.
In 1910 Ward was promoted to rear admiral. In 1911 he became second in command of the Atlantic Fleet.
Rear Admiral Ward retired on October 10, 1913, having reached the mandatory retirement age of 62.
Retirement
In 1914 Ward commanded the ship Red Cross which was sponsored by the American Red Cross and carried physicians and nurses to provide medical aid to wounded and sick soldiers and civilians of all nationalities. Emperor Franz Joseph awarded Ward the Austro-Hungarian Medal of Merit for his service in the capacity.
In retirement Ward lived at his home, named Willowmere, in Roslyn, New York, where he pursued his hobby of cultivating roses.
He was a member of the General Society of Colonial Wars and a hereditary member of the Aztec Club of 1847.
Death
Admiral Ward died on July 5, 1918, and is buried in Green-Wood Cemetery, Brooklyn, New York City.
Family
Ward married Annie Cairns Willis and was the father of six children. Four of his children died during childhood. When his son Frankie (1877-1880) died when he was only three and a half, Ward had a life size statue placed on his grave. His two daughters who reached maturity were artist Hilda Ward and Edna Ward Capps the wife of Rear Admiral Washington Lee Capps.
Awards
Sampson Medal
Spanish Campaign Medal
Philippine Campaign Medal
Medal of Merit (Austria-Hungary)
Legacy
Three United States Navy ships have been named after Admiral Aaron Ward -
, served between 1919 and 1940 and then became HMS Castleton.
, served between 1942 and her sinking by Japanese bombers in 1943.
, was a destroyer minelayer that served in 1944 and 1945.
See also
for ships named in his honor.
Rosa 'Mrs Aaron Ward' (Pernet-Ducher, 1907), named after his wife,
Rosa 'Willowmere' (Pernet-Ducher, 1913), named after his property in Roslyn.
References
1851 births
1918 deaths
United States Navy admirals
Military personnel from Philadelphia
Burials at Green-Wood Cemetery
American military personnel of the Spanish–American War
Ashley Burdett (born 14 November 1994) is a Zimbabwean woman cricketer and former captain of the Zimbabwe women's national cricket team. She captained the Zimbabwe team in the 2013 ICC Women's World Twenty20 Qualifier which was also the inaugural edition of the ICC Women's World Twenty20 Qualifier.
Post-cricket, Burdett graduated from the Stellenbosch University and resides in South Africa.
References
External links
Profile at CricHQ
1994 births
Living people
Zimbabwean women cricketers
Sportspeople from Masvingo
White Zimbabwean sportspeople
Stellenbosch University alumni
Lido Bathing Complex is a large lido in São Martinho, Funchal, Madeira.
History
Opened in 1932, the complex had to be closed on 20 February 2010 due to the damage caused by the 2010 Madeira floods and mudslides. After extensive repairs were done, the complex reopened in late 2015.
References
Lidos
Tourist attractions in Madeira
Beaches of Madeira
Swimming venues in Portugal
and are a pair of fictional characters appearing in the Street Fighter fighting game series. The characters are twin brothers known collectively as the that made their debut in the original Street Fighter III.
Appearances
In their backstory, Yun and Yang were separated from their birth parents when they were young. They were raised by an adoptive grandfather who runs a restaurant in Hong Kong and have eight underground bosses as godfathers. By the time of Street Fighter III, the two brothers are the leaders of their local town. Yun, the elder of the two, is described as being more responsible, while his younger brother Yang is calmer and more analytical.
In Street Fighter III: 3rd Strike, Yun and Yang set off to fight a mysterious organization (Gills group, the Illuminati) threatening to take over their village. In their respective endings, Yun and Yang end up driving away Gill from their home town and the two return home to be greeted by their female friend Houmei and her younger sister Shaomei, who both harbor a respective crush on Yun and Yang.
After the Street Fighter III series, Yun appeared as a playable character Capcom vs. SNK 2, in the portable versions of Street Fighter Alpha 3 for the Game Boy Advance and PlayStation Portable and in Capcom Fighting Jam. They both later appeared as playable characters in Super Street Fighter IV: Arcade Edition.
The twins later made a cameo in Chun-Li's introductory cutscene in the console versions of Street Fighter IV and in again in her ending in Super Street Fighter IV. They also made a cameo in the Half Pipe stage in Street Fighter X Tekken.
Design and gameplay
The character's boyish-youthful looks are emphasized. Yun wears a blue baseball cap with a yellow visor, a sleeveless white changshan, yellow wristbands, and black pants and sneakers, while Yang wears a sleeveless salmon changshan, yellow wristbands, black pants and sneakers. Yun's signature accessory is a skateboard.
Street Fighter IV: Arcade Edition include alternate costumes for the characters where they are dressed as restaurant employees.
Yun and Yang have both been variously described as "lighting-quick", "speedy and offensive focused", and "perpetually-stuck-with-things-that-represent-popular-culture-from-a-decade-ago". Game designer Tomoshi Sadamoto explained in an interview published by Capcom that the developmental team wanted Yun and Yang to be popular: they were concepted to be flashier than Alex, the main character of Street Fighter III, and to use the game's parry system to highlight their kung fu techniques. Yun and Yang are the palette swaps of each other with an identical moveset in the original Street Fighter III, in which Yang is selectable as an alternate version of Yun. Ultimately, both characters have evolved to be distinct from each other. In 2nd Impact and 3rd Strike, Yang is a distinct selectable character with his own techniques and abilities and ending. Only Yun is as a playable character in Capcom vs. SNK 2, with Yang assisting in some of his special moves and super combos; this version of Yun appears again in the portable versions of Alpha 3 and in Capcom Fighting Jam.
Esports
Yun has been used by players to win the 3rd Strike tournament at the Tougeki – Super Battle Opera in 2004, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2010 and 2012, and the Super Street Fighter IV tournament in 2011 and 2012. He was also used to win the 3rd Strike tournament at the Evolution Championship Series in 2003, 2004, 2006 and 2009.
Reception
Yun and Yang have received varied commentary for each of their appearances in the Street Fighter series. IGN felt the twins immediately stood out among the mostly unfamiliar cast of characters of Street Fighter III due to the fact that they fought together, and felt that "this touch of magic" was lost in later appearances when the developers chose to split them into distinct playable characters. Matthew Razak from Destructoid expressed excitement over an announcement in September 2010 of the twins' inclusion into Super Street Fighter IV: Arcade Edition as playable characters. Matt Edwards from Eurogamer analyzed the gameplay capabilities of both characters in his review of Street Fighter IV: Arcade Edition, and noted that the siblings rely on "pressure-intensive play-styles" and share a dive kick manoeuvre but otherwise play very differently: Yun is the game's best "rushdown character" whose ability to "create shadows that mimic his attacks" could potentially turn the tide of a battle even on the verge of defeat, while Yang relies on "strong pokes" and "mix-ups" but with low damage output. On Yun's appearance, Edwards said he may look innocent, but at least he is not "Vanilla Sagat". Conversely, in his review of Arcade Edition for Destructoid, Brian Nicholsona called Yun and Yang "flat, uninspired hacks"; on their visual similarities, he commented that while it makes sense on a genetic level since the characters are twins, he felt it is not compelling visual design since they are distinct playable characters. In their analysis of gameplay balance between established and new playable characters for Street Fighter V, Craig Alphonse and Anne Ellis from Red Bull had a retrospective discussion about the balance issues surrounding Yun and Yang following their inclusion into Street Fighter IV. They claimed that while the game community for Street Fighter IV found decent methods to counter the twins, they implied that the twins were overpowered as they were widely considered providing the best gameplay advantage and place very high on a "tier list" of viable fighting characters.
Both characters are popular and have appeared in numerous "top" character lists. GameDaily ranked them at number 20 on their 2009 list of the best Street Fighter characters, adding that they both are equally useful. They were ranked at tenth place on UGO.com's 2010 list of the best Street Fighter characters. They were also ranked at number 11 on the list of the best Street Fighter fighters by The Guardian that same year, noted for their gameplay uniqueness. IGN included Yun and Yang among the characters they wished to see in Street Fighter IV, and that they are reunited as one unit fighting together. 1UP.com listed Yang as one of the characters they wanted to see in Street Fighter X Tekken as "Yang is long overdue to show up in a new Capcom fighting game." Esteban Cuevas from CBR is of the view that of the three Bruce Lee-inspired characters in the Street Fighter franchise, Yun is more popular than Yang and Fei Long. On other hand, GamesRadar included Yun among the worst Street Fighter characters ever, commenting that "You would think that being a Kung-fu master, skateboarding, and wearing a hat would make you cool. Actually it makes you look like a complete tool. Weird." In a worldwide Street Fighter character poll held between 2017 and 2018, Yun is ranked at 18th place while Yang ranked at 51st place.
References
Fictional Chinese people in video games
Fictional Hong Kong people
Male characters in video games
Orphan characters in video games
Street Fighter characters
Twin characters in video games
Fictional skateboarders
Video game characters introduced in 1997
Fictional wushu practitioners
Adoptee characters in video games
The Salsoul Orchestra was the backing band of session musicians for many acts on the New York City label Salsoul Records and, under its own name, recorded several hit singles and albums between 1975 and 1982.
History
The orchestra was formed in 1974 and was disbanded in 1982. Their music featured elements of Philadelphia soul, funk, Latin and disco. The Salsoul Orchestra included up to 50 members and was created and masterminded for Salsoul Records by Philadelphia musician Vincent Montana, Jr. Montana wrote, arranged, conducted, produced and played on all of the orchestra's tracks until 1978, including a gold-selling Christmas album.
The Salsoul Orchestra initially consisted of many of the original members of Philadelphia International's MFSB, who had moved to Salsoul as the result of a disagreement with producers Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff over finances. Other members began performing as the Ritchie Family and as John Davis and the Monster Orchestra. Many large disco orchestras became popular at around the same time, including Philly's MFSB. Some may say that there were many similarities between the Salsoul Orchestra and MFSB, with whom Vincent Montana also worked. On the contrary, the Salsoul Orchestra was more of a strings-based sound while MFSB was a bigger band in nature with five saxophones, which to Montana never sounded quite right and which he omitted from Salsoul's lineup with the exception of the baritone sax. The orchestra's biggest chart singles were 1976's reworked version of the standard "Tangerine" (pop #18, R&B #36) and "Nice 'N' Naasty" (R&B #20, pop #30) later in the same year.
When Montana left Salsoul, the orchestra recorded a final album at Sigma Sound Studios in Philadelphia mainly with producer Bunny Sigler. The orchestra's last three albums were recorded in New York City with local session players and producers, including Patrick Adams and Tom Moulton.
The orchestra's track "Love Break (Ooh I Love It)" has been sampled in rap songs such as 50 Cents "Candyshop" and Eric B & Rakim's "Paid in Full". Also Madonna's "Vogue" used samples of the track, the inclusion of which was later the subject of a lawsuit that ended in Madonna's favor.
From December 24, 1977 to 1986, the song "Salsoul 3001" (whose intro sequence is based on Richard Strauss' "Also sprach Zarathustra") was used in the Soviet TV game What? Where? When?
Discography
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Singles
See also
Booker T and the M.G.'s
The Funk Brothers
The J.B.'s
Tower of Power horn section
The Wrecking Crew (music)
Prelude Records
Salsa
References
American pop music groups
American dance music groups
Salsoul Records artists
Musical groups established in 1974
Musical groups disestablished in 1982
Anatoliy Solovianenko (sometime transliterated as Anatolii Solovyanenko; ; ) (September 25, 1932 – 29 July 1999) was a Ukrainian operatic tenor, People's Artist of the USSR (1975), People's Artist of Ukraine, and State Taras Shevchenko prize-winner.
He was born into a mining family in Donetsk and graduated from Donetsk Polytechnic Institute in 1954. He also studied singing with Alexander Korobeichenko from 1950. Solovianenko began his career in Donetsk, where there is now a monument in his memory. He made twelve performances at the Metropolitan Opera in Kyiv, then graduated from Kyiv Conservatory in 1978. For 30 years, he was soloist at the Taras Shevchenko National Opera and Ballet Theatre in Kyiv, and performed at Expo 67 in Montreal. During the 1977–78 season, Solovianenko performed as a soloist at the New York Metropolitan Opera. He also performed as soloist for the Alexandrov Ensemble during its UK tour 1988, singing "Kalinka" and other songs. He recorded 18 LPs of arias, romances and songs.
Life and career
Anatoliy Solovianenko was born in Donetsk (Stalino at that time) on 25 September 1932 into a miner's family. In 1954, he graduated from Donetsk Technical University, after which he taught there in the engineering graphics department.
He began taking singing lessons in 1950 from Alexander Korobeychenko, Honoured Artist of the Russian Soviet Republic. Success in a popular talent show of 1962 led to an invitation to sing at the National Opera of Ukraine. But before starting work in the National Opera, Solovyanenko won the young singers' contest at Milan's La Scala, and studied there for three years (1963–1965). He became the first Soviet singer to receive an invitation to perform at New York's Metropolitan Opera. Starting from 1965, Solovyanenko performed with the National Opera of Ukraine. In 1967, he was awarded the rank of Honoured Artist of Ukraine, and in 1975, the rank of People's Artist of the USSR.
He graduated from the Kyiv Conservatory in 1978. Being the soloist of the National Opera, Anatoliy Solovyanenko sang 18 parts, among them: Duke (Rigoletto), Alfredo (La Traviata), Tenor (Requiem), Edgardo (Lucia di Lammermoor), Rodolfo (La Boheme), Kavarosen (Tosca), Faust (Faust), Lenskiy (Yevgeniy Onegin), Pretender (Boris Godunov), Andrey (Zaporozhec across the Danube) and many others. Anatoliy Solovyanenko was married and had two sons, Andrii and Anatoliy.
Anatoliy Solovyanenko died suddenly from a heart attack on 29 July 1999. Among various government officials who attended his funeral was President Leonid Kuchma, and several months later, in December 1999, the Donetsk State Academic Opera and Ballet Theatre was renamed in his honor by the Ukrainian Cabinet. In 2001, a statue of the singer was installed at Kozyn (within the Kyiv Oblast), where he is buried.
Awards
1967 – Honoured Artist of Ukraine
1975 – People's Artist of the USSR
1980 – Lenin Prize, money prize was transferred by A.Solovyanenko to the Peace Committee
1982 – Miner's Glory Medal, Order of Friendship of Peoples
1993 – Badge of Honour from President of Ukraine
1997 – Taras Shevchenko National Prize
Recognition
Donetsk Opera and Ballet Theater was named in honor of Anatoly Solovyanenko. The monument to him was installed near the theatre.
Another monument was installed in Kyiv at 16 Institutska Street; the house is marked by a memorial plaque.
A musical named "Vyzov Sud'be" (eng. – Defy the odds) featuring A. Solovyanenko was filmed at the Dovzhenko Film Studios
In 1982, a book by A.K. Tereshchenko "A. Solovyanenko" was published, and reprinted in 1988.
References
External links
Persons | Національна опера України
20th-century Ukrainian male opera singers
Recipients of the title of Merited Artist of Ukraine
Ukrainian operatic tenors
Recipients of the Shevchenko National Prize
Musicians from Donetsk
Soviet tenors
Recipients of the title of Hero of Ukraine
1932 births
1999 deaths
The Battle of Sellenberk was a World War I military engagement fought between Romanian forces on one side and Central Powers forces (Austria-Hungary and Germany) on the other side. It was part of the wider Battle of Transylvania and resulted in a Romanian victory.
Background
On 27 August 1916, Romania declared war on Austria-Hungary and proceeded to invade the Hungarian region of Transylvania. The Romanian campaign plan called for the Olt-Lotru Group of the Romanian 1st Army under the command of General Ioan Culcer to secure the basin between Nagytalmács (Tălmaciu/Talmesch) and Nagyszeben (Sibiu/Hermannstadt). The area between Nagyszeben and the northern exit of the Red Tower Pass was the designated assembly area for the 1st Army's Olt-Lotru Group. Opposing the Romanian invasion of Transylvania was the Austro-Hungarian 1st Army under the command of General Arthur Arz von Straussenburg. Nagyszeben (Sibiu/Hermannstadt) was occupied on 2 September by advanced troops of the Romanian 1st Army. However, the Romanians evacuated the city on the following day. Erich Ludendorff referred to this in his memoirs, stating that, after taking Brassó (Brașov/Kronstadt) on 29 August, "Rumanian patrols were soon seen in Hermannstadt.". The Romanians were plainly apprehensive that, in order to keep Nagyszeben under occupation, they would have to extend their bridgehead-like formation beyond capacity.
The Romanian forces in the region consisted of the 1st Army's Olt-Lotru Group (2 divisions), which was placed by General Culcer under the command of General . Opposing the Romanians was the 51st Honvéd Division (commanded by General ) of the Austro-Hungarian 1st Army.
Battle
The battle for Sellenberk (Șelimbăr/Schellenberg) started on 7 September. However, on 8 September, following the German-Bulgarian victory at the Battle of Turtucaia in Southern Dobruja, the Romanian High Command ordered a halt to the Transylvania offensive. Also on 8 September, the XXXIX Corps of German General Hermann von Staabs assumed responsibility for operations in southern Transylvania. One of the units placed under the command of von Staabs was the 51st Honvéd Division. The battle was resumed on 10 September. That same day, the Romanian 1st Army entered Sellenberk.
Aftermath
On 10 September, the Romanian 1st Army captured Sellenberk (Șelimbăr/Schellenberg), two miles southeast of Nagyszeben. This marked the end of the Romanian advance in the area for the ensuing fortnight. Sellenberk - where Michael the Brave had defeated the Hungarians in 1599 - became the center of the main Romanian position north of the Red Tower Pass.
References
Sellenberk
Sellenberk
Sellenberk
Sellenberk
History of Transylvania (1867–1918)
Sellenberk
1916 in Romania
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Love County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in Love County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 6 properties listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Love County
Neotogaria flammifera is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Constant Vincent Houlbert in 1921. It is found in China (Shaanxi, Zhejiang, Hubei, Jiangxi, Hunan, Fujian, Taiwan, Yunnan) and Vietnam.
References
Moths described in 1921
Thyatirinae
Moths of Asia
Shwe Kyar Phoo Thit () is a 2018 Burmese drama television series. It aired on MRTV-4, from February 15 to April 4, 2018 on Monday to Friday at 19:00 for 34 episodes.
Cast
Mone as Shwe Kyar Phoo Thit
Yan Aung as Aphoe
Zu Zu Zan as Aphwar
Ye Aung as U Pyae Shan
Lin Myat as Ko Ko
Thi Ha as Min Nyo
Shinn Myat as Mg Mg Latt
Aung Khaing as U Aung Naing
Kaung Sit Thway as Tay Zar Lin
Hazel Nyi Nyi Htun as Wadi
References
Burmese television series
Television series by MRTV-4
is a passenger railway station in located in the city of Toyooka, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway company Willer Trains (Kyoto Tango Railway).
Lines
Kōnotori-no-sato Station is a station of the Miyazu Line, and is located 80.6 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Nishi-Maizuru Station.
Station layout
The station consists of one ground-level side platform serving a single bi-directional line. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations
History
The station was opened on December 15, 1929 as . The station name was changed on April 1, 2015.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 2 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Japan National Route 178
Japan National Route 312
Hyogo Prefectural Homeland for the Oriental white Stork (28-minute walk)
Kukuhi Shrine
Genbudo
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Official home page
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1929
Railway stations in Hyōgo Prefecture
Toyooka, Hyōgo
Ian Geoffrey Gould is a former Chancellor of the University of South Australia (2008–2015) and former Managing Director (Australia) of Rio Tinto Group. Gould is considered to be one of South Australia's most influential people.
Career
Gould is a graduate of Sydney Technical High School and the University of Sydney. He holds a Bachelor of Science with Honours (Geology) conferred in 1967 and a PhD (Geology) conferred in 1975.
He worked as a geologist and mining professional for over 40 years, during which he held a number of diverse and senior positions in the Rio Tinto Group (formerly Conzinc RioTinto Australia) including Group Executive for Exploration and Group Executive Research & Development. In 2000, Gould retired from his executive career as Managing Director of the Adelaide-based Normandy Mining Group. He has since held a number of non-executive directorships within the resources sector, and received several accolades for his commitment to the resources industry. He was appointed Chancellor of the University of South Australia in July 2008.
He is a former chair of uranium mining company, Toro Energy. He resigned from Toro in April 2009 following his appointment as Chancellor at the university the previous year. The University of South Australia describes Gould as "a professional with long experience in governance and leadership and a comprehensive understanding of the nexus between education, innovation, the community and business."
In December 2015 Gould, retired from his position as Chancellor of the University of South Australia. He was replaced by Jim McDowell, chairman of ANSTO and former CEO of BAE Systems Australia. During his time as Chancellor, he also served as Convenor of the Universities Chancellors' Council (UCC).
Gould supports experimentation and analysis in scientific endeavour through his Ian Gould Experimental Science Grant. The grant is offered to Honours and PhD students who seek to undertake hands on research, including the collection and analysis their own data for publication.
Mining industry advocacy
Gould is deeply committed to the advancement of the mining industry in South Australia and has worked to that end through leadership positions on several government advisory boards and committees. He chairs the South Australian Minerals & Petroleum Expert Group (SAMPEG) and the CSIRO Mineral Resources Sector Advisory Committee, has previously chaired the South Australian Resources Industry Development Board and is a former member of the Economic Development Board of South Australia. In 2007 he told Ian Henschke of the ABC: "It will be the greatest concentration of known uranium resources in the world, in South Australia. We have such a large proportion of the world's known resources in this state and such a high potential to find more ... It's a technicolour paradise of spots here, where uranium has been discovered." On the topic of mining in South Australia he told The Advertiser in 2011: "We are witnessing the mining industry growing into the major plank of a balanced, strong economy based on our unique geology – demonstrated by the world class Olympic Dam resources – our expertise and the support of government."
In April 2012, Gould described the political landscape for the mining industry in South Australia while using the analogy of a football club, with the resources sector as its star player. He stated that "In SA, the club; ie the Government (and the Opposition) have gotten behind the star and openly stated that they are pro mining, albeit conditionally on his good social and environmental behaviour. In Canberra, the Federal League does not always project such clear support and the Green subcommittee is invariably anti mining." During the same speech he spoke optimistically about the Olympic Dam mine expansion, suggesting that "The longer term challenge is to use the opportunity [presented by the Olympic Dam mine expansion] to build new industries, just as Broken Hill did in the last two centuries. These are questions the Economic Development Board is currently pondering."
On 4 April 2013, Gould said of his role and responsibilities as chair of the South Australian Minerals and Petroleum Expert Group (SAMPEG) that "Our aims are to encourage investment in South Australia and advise government fearlessly – we are not a government committee or industry association. I am pleased to say that our independent view is much in line with that expressed by the Premier."
Memberships
Gould is a present and former member of numerous key government advisory bodies at state and federal levels. He was appointed as a member of the Resources Industry Development Board in 2001, chair of the CSIRO Minerals Sector Advisory Committee in 2005 and Chair of South Australian Minerals and Petroleum Experts Group (SAMPEG) in 2006. Gould became a fellow of the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering (AATSE) in 2007.
Gould is chair of the St Andrew's Hospital board, vice president of the Royal Flying Doctor Service (RFDS) Central Operations and was a member of the South Australian National Parks and Wildlife Council (2006–2007). In 2014 he held a position on the South Australian Premier's Science and Research Council.
Honours
The Sir Willis Connolly Medal "for excellence in communication in the technological sciences" was awarded to Gould in 2003 by the AusIMM and Barbarians. He is a past president and fellow of the AusIMM and was awarded the AusIMM's highest honour, the Institute Medal in 2007. Gould was appointed Chancellor of the University of South Australia in 2008. At the time of his appointment, Professor Peter Høj commented: "In this new appointment we will have a Chancellor with broad and comprehensive experience across the mining and technology sectors and someone with a thorough understanding of what is required of graduates in the working world and the role of research in fostering development. That combination is more than appropriate in a State gearing up for a mining, defence and environmental science boom."
Gould responded by complimenting the university on its achievements: "Institutes such as the Ian Wark Research Institute are a marvellous success story for SA. UniSA has developed a research community that is clearly dedicated to adding value to industry."
Gould was awarded an Australian Medal (AM) in the 2011 Queen's birthday honours "for service to the mining industry, particularly as a proponent of environmental management, to education as Chancellor of the University of South Australia, and to the community."
References
Australian geologists
Living people
University of Sydney alumni
University of South Australia faculty
Chancellors of the University of South Australia
People of Rio Tinto (corporation)
Fellows of the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering
Uranium mining in Australia
Year of birth missing (living people)
União Biological Reserve ( ) is a strictly protected biological reserve in the state of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
It is home to a population of endangered golden lion tamarin.
Location
The União Biological Reserve covers parts of the municipalities of Casimiro de Abreu, Macaé and Rio das Ostras in the state of Rio de Janeiro.
It is in the Atlantic Forest biome, and covers .
Altitude varies from .
About 58% of the reserve covers the hilly coastal area, with small rounded hills.
Another 40% is a more rugged region of ridges and escarpments.
There are some small areas of flooded land.
The reserve is drained by the basins of the Macaé, São João and Ostras rivers.
Average annual rainfall is .
Temperatures range from with an average of .
The reserve holds areas of marshland and coastal Atlantic Forest in good condition.
An exotic eucalyptus forest covers 8.6% of the area, and will be replaced by native species.
249 species of trees have been recorded.
The plumbeous kite (Ictinia plumbea) visits via the reserve from September to January.
The golden lion tamarin (Leontopithecus rosalia) and maned sloth (Bradypus torquatus) are endemic.
Conservation
The União Biological Reserve was created on 22 April 1998 and is administered by the Chico Mendes Institute for Biodiversity Conservation (ICMBio).
The reserve is classed as IUCN protected area category Ia (strict nature reserve).
The general purpose is to fully preserve biota and other natural attributes in the reserve without direct human interference.
It was created to preserve a fragment of Atlantic Forest and the typical fauna that depends on it, in particular the golden lion tamarin.
Protected species include:
golden lion tamarin (Leontopithecus rosalia)
maned sloth (Bradypus torquatus)
ocelot (Leopardus pardalis)
cougar (Puma concolor)
red-browed amazon (Amazoma rhodocorytha)
white-necked hawk (Buteogallus lacernulatus)
black-headed berryeater (Carpornis melanocephala)
variegated tinamou (Crypturellus variegatus)
black-necked aracari (Pteroglossus aracari)
buffy-fronted seedeater (Sporophila frontalis)
Temminck's seedeater (Sporophila falcirostris)
turquoise tanager (Tangara mexicana)
collared peccary (Pecari tajacu)
ochre-marked parakeet (Pyrrhura cruentata)
Notes
Sources
1998 establishments in Brazil
Biological reserves of Brazil
Protected areas of Rio de Janeiro (state)
Protected areas established in 1998
Norman David Mayer (March 31, 1916 – December 9, 1982) was an American anti-nuclear weapons activist who was shot and killed by the United States Park Police after threatening to blow up the Washington Monument.
Early life
Mayer was born in El Paso, Texas, to Jesse and Margott Mayer. After his father died two years later, his penniless mother moved him and his brother Aubrey to New Orleans; she then entered nursing school and placed the children in an orphanage. As a teenager, Mayer attended a trade school where he trained as a tool and diemaker. He left New Orleans and spent much of the 1930s travelling from job to job from Nome, Alaska, to the Caribbean, working in a rubber plant and in gold mines among other jobs. He was drafted into the United States Navy in 1944 while living in Los Angeles and spent two years stationed at the San Diego Naval Station. He was discharged as a fireman first class and returned to a life of drifting, working in Miami as a machinist in the mid-1950s, as a hotel maintenance man in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands and Jamaica during the 1960s, and as a helicopter mechanic in South Vietnam from 1969 to 1970. In 1971, he was seriously injured while working on an oil rig in Brunei and recuperated in Singapore before traveling across South Asia. In 1976, he was arrested in Hong Kong for possession of of marijuana in a botched attempt to make a sale. Mayer researched the law in jail and after fifteen months managed to have his conviction reversed on a technicality. He was deported back to the U.S. and returned to working in hotels.
Nuclear weapons protests and Washington Monument threat
In 1978, Mayer focused on protesting nuclear weapons. He wished to stage a destructive and dramatic event to grab attention for his cause, and unsuccessfully tried to purchase explosives in Hazard, Kentucky, in May 1982. Mayer moved to Washington, DC in June that year, and spent every day for the next few months displaying large plywood signs in front of the White House and proselytizing to passing tourists. Mayer eventually found this manner of protesting frustrating and ineffectual and developed a new attention-getting scheme.
On December 8, 1982, Mayer drove a white van bearing the message "#1 PRIORITY: BAN NUCLEAR WEAPONS" in large letters on its side up to the base of the Washington Monument and jumped out wearing a black motorcycle helmet, a bright blue snowsuit and carrying a remote control. Mayer claimed that he would destroy the Monument with of TNT loaded in his van unless a national dialogue on the threat of nuclear weapons was seriously undertaken. Mayer also claimed that he had a hidden accomplice who could also detonate the explosives.
The U.S. Park Police evacuated nearby buildings and closed down streets for several blocks. Eight tourists were initially trapped inside the Monument, but were released after AP reporter Steven Komarow began negotiating with Mayer. Ten hours into the negotiation, Mayer jumped into his van and started to drive off, threatening to become "a moving time bomb in downtown Washington". The police opened fire, striking Mayer four times—twice in the head.
The Park Police later claimed that they did not intend to shoot Mayer, but were instead aiming for the van's engine. Their subsequent investigation disclosed that Mayer had neither explosives nor an accomplice.
Mayer was one of a number of individuals connected to the White House Peace Vigil at Lafayette Square, Washington, D.C. The Oracles of Pennsylvania Avenue (2012) by Tim Wilkerson, a documentary commissioned by the Al Jazeera Documentary Channel, recounts the lives of Mayer, Thomas, Concepcion Picciotto and Ellen Thomas. Thomas, who believed in nonviolence, refused to take part in Mayer's plan to destroy public monuments, as Mayer was unable to assure him of the safety of civilians and officials.
Reactions
George Stephanopoulos, later White House Press Secretary and communications director under President Bill Clinton, was a 21-year-old intern at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace when Mayer stopped in his office several times to discuss nuclear disarmament. On December 8, 1982, Stephanopoulos made his first appearance on Nightline to discuss Mayer.
In the December 19, 1982, installment of his column "An Edge in My Voice", the writer and activist Harlan Ellison discussed the incident, expressing great sympathy for Mayer's position and outrage at what he regarded as an overreaction by law enforcement. Ellison, who claimed to have recognized Mayer's threat as a bluff as soon as he heard TV reports on the crisis, noted that, had the threat been genuine, the explosion of of TNT, even at such close proximity, would have barely damaged the Washington Monument's exterior and could not have possibly destroyed it. Ellison expressed his sadness over the unnecessary death of Mayer saying, "Had there been a scintilla of compassion, rather than macho posturing, in any of the authorities handling the situation, it need not have ended as it did. But there were none... not on the part of the White House advisors who moved Ronald Reagan's luncheon out of the room facing the Monument. And not on the part of our noble President who, like Richard Nixon, saw what was going on and shrugged, and ignored his responsibility." The column was among several reprinted in Ellison's collections An Edge in My Voice and Edgeworks 1. A recording of Ellison reading the column is found on the CD On the Road with Ellison Volume 1.
See also
List of incidents of political violence in Washington, D.C.
List of anti-nuclear protests in the United States
Dwight Watson, a disgruntled tobacco farmer who claimed he had explosives to protest about the government's treatment of tobacco farmers and Gulf War veterans and was convicted on federal charges after driving a tractor into the pond in Constitution Gardens.
References
Further reading
George Stephanopoulos, All Too Human, Back Bay Books; 2000.
External links
"Norman David Mayer: A Life of Wandering", New York Times, December 19, 1982.
"Nuclear Foe, Eccentric Idealist Was Victim of Unyielding Will", Washington Post, December 19, 1982.
1916 births
1982 deaths
People from El Paso, Texas
Military personnel from Texas
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
History of Washington, D.C.
United States Navy sailors
American anti–nuclear weapons activists
Deaths by firearm in Washington, D.C.
People shot dead by law enforcement officers in the United States
Activists from Texas
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Ritala Spur () is a mostly snow-covered spur extending northeast from the east side of Lexington Table, Forrestal Range, in the Pensacola Mountains. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) in 1979 after Keith E. Ritala, United States Antarctic Research Program (USARP) geophysicist who conducted gravity research at South Pole Station, winter party 1972.
Ridges of Queen Elizabeth Land
California Proposition 92 was Californian ballot proposition that voters rejected on February 5, 2008. It was a state initiative that would have amended Proposition 98, which set a mandate for the minimum level of funding each year for elementary and secondary schools and for the California Community Colleges.
Proposal
Proposition 92 would have established a system of independent public community college districts and Board of Governors within the framework of the California Constitution. A minimum level of state funding for school districts and community college districts would have been calculated separately from the current K-14 education budget. Additionally, 10.46 percent of current Proposition 98 school funding maintenance would have been allocated to community colleges. Furthermore, community college fees would have frozen at $15/unit per semester and limit future increase based upon a devised formula. Other associated budgetary allocations earmarked for the current K-14 system would also have been divided accordingly.
Proposition was projected to amount to an increase in state spending on K–14 education from 2007–08 through 2009–10—averaging about $300 million per year, with unknown impacts annually thereafter. The loss of student fee revenues would have been potentially about $70 million annually. Currently, student fees of $20/unit, go to the general fund, not to the community college where the student is enrolled.
Results
References
External links
Yes on 92
No on 92
California Voter Information Guide of Proposition 92
ABC7.com: Prop 92 defeated
2008 California ballot propositions
Failed amendments to the Constitution of California
Initiatives in the United States
Scott Oxley (born 22 November 1976) is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for York City, and in non-League football for Stocksbridge Park Steels.
References
1976 births
Living people
Footballers from Sheffield
English footballers
Association football wingers
York City F.C. players
Stocksbridge Park Steels F.C. players
English Football League players
The Niccolò Cusano University (), often simply abbreviated as UNICUSANO is a private for-profit online university founded in 2006 in Rome, Italy.
History
The Niccolò Cusano University was founded by Stefano Bandecchi. The university is named after the Roman Catholic cardinal, scientist and astronomer, Nicholas of Cusa (in Italian Niccolò Cusano). Until 9 July 2012, the university was located in Via Casalmonferrato and Via Don Orione. The university Cusano also has a publishing company the Edizioni Edicusano and a foundation for medical research – scientific Fondazione Niccolò Cusano. In 2013 a Faculty of Engineering and Psychology has been established. It provides e-learning courses, counting 94 centers.
Organization
Programs
The university offers degree programs in education sciences, law, political science, economics, engineering, psychology.
Campus
The school is accredited as online university, but it also has a campus in Rome.
University buildings
The Campus is located in Via don Carlo Gnocchi, 3 – 00166 Rome. In the building there are multimedia classrooms, a theater and sports facilities.
Library
There is a library, both traditional and electronic (to the virtual library, which students can access at any time).
Dormitories
Unicusano University provides off-campus students with about 400 places in dorms.
Research Center
Inside the campus is also located the research centre of the Nicholas of Cusa University.
Radio
The school's radio station, Radio Cusano Campus, broadcasts from the campus.
Presidents and rectors
Presidents
Giovanni Iacono (2006–2012)
Stefano Ranucci (2012-2015)
Giovanni Puoti (2015–present)
Rectors
The Rector is the highest academic authority.
Sebastiano Scarcella (2006–2010)
Giovanni Puoti (2010–2013)
Fabio Fortuna (from 1 October 2013)
Notable professor
Maurizio Costanzo
Giovanni Puoti
Fabio Fortuna
See also
Ternana Calcio
References
External links
Nicholas of Cusa University, universitaly.it; accessed 30 March 2014
E-Learning platform elearning.unisu.it
Unicusano webpage, unisu.tv; accessed 30 March 2014
Foundation for the Scientific Research – Nicholas of Cusa University webpage, fondazioneniccolocusano.it; accessed 30 March 2014.
Universities and colleges in Rome
Educational institutions established in 2006
Education in Lazio
Distance education institutions based in Italy
Private universities and colleges in Italy
2006 establishments in Italy
A charter roll is an administrative record created by a medieval chancery that recorded all the charters issued by that office.
Origins
In medieval England, King John in 1199 established a fixed rate of fees for the sealing of charters and letters patent. It was to keep track of these fees that the first Charter Roll was started (as a fee book) in 1199, under the Chancellorship of Hubert Walter. The Roll thereby also kept track of all charters that had been issued by the government – the letters patent being swiftly hived off into the patent rolls. Instead of keeping the records in a register or book form, they were written on sheets of parchment stitched together into long rolls to form a roll for each year.
Minority hiatus
During the minority of Henry III of England, no perpetual grants could be made by the Crown, so that the Charter Rolls were in abeyance until 1227.
Publication
The Charter Rolls for the years 1199 to 1216 were published as abbreviated Latin texts (in a near-facsimile of the manuscripts, employing a special "record type" typeface) by the Record Commission in 1837, in a large folio volume entitled Rotuli Chartarum in Turri Londinensi asservati, edited by T. D. Hardy. Calendars (summaries) of the rolls from 1226 to 1516 were published in six volumes by the Public Record Office between 1903 and 1927. Historians use the acronym Cal. charter R. for those published in calendar form.
See also
Hanaper
Pipe Rolls
Patent roll
Citations
References
External links
National archives, Charter Rolls
1199 establishments in England
Medieval charters and cartularies of England
Medieval documents of England
Medieval English law
Medieval manuscripts
Collection of The National Archives (United Kingdom)
Pacific Union School District may refer to:
Pacific Union School District (Arcata, California)
Pacific Union School District (Fresno, California)
The 2019–20 season is Rosario Central's 8th consecutive season in the top division of Argentine football. In addition to the Primera División, the club are competing in the Copa Argentina and Copa de la Superliga.
The season generally covers the period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020.
Review
Pre-season
Rosario Central's first incoming was Josué Ayala, who came permanently from Temperley. On 11 June 2019, Rosario Central announced the signing of Ciro Rius; the right winger, who joined from Defensa y Justicia, would make his unofficial debut four days later as the club played their first friendly. Argentino visited the Estadio Gigante de Arroyito on 15 June, and were subsequently dispatched 2–0. 19 June saw Washington Camacho leave for Tijuana. A deal with Unión Santa Fe was reached, subject to personal terms and medicals, on 20 June for the transfers of Emanuel Brítez and Diego Zabala. They were completed a day later. Their next match was played on 22 June, as they beat Sportivo Las Parejas with Claudio Riaño, Fabián Rinaudo, Facundo Almada and Ortigoza goals.
Left-back Gonzalo Bettini was signed by Huracán on 27 June. Ciro Rius scored for them for the first time on 29 June, netting in a friendly victory over their reserves. Numerous loans from the previous campaign officially expired on and around 30 June. Marcos Martinich left for Temperley on 1 July. Luciano Recalde headed off to Platense on 5 July. Diego Novaretti arrived from Querétaro on 5 July, penning a two-year contract. Nicolás Giménez was transferred to San Martín on 5 July. Rosario lost on penalties in an exhibition match at the Estadio Manuel Ferreira against Olimpia on 6 July. They met Rosario-based Central Córdoba in a friendly on 10 July, winning 2–1 at the Estadio Arroyo Seco. Sebastián Ribas moved in on loan from Lanús on 11 July.
Primera B Nacional's Temperley captured centre-back Fernando Alarcón on 12 July. They played out consecutive goalless draws with Unión Santa Fe on 13 July on home soil. Marco Torsiglieri departed to Gimnasia y Esgrima on 16 July, while Duván Vergara penned loan terms with homeland club América de Cali on loan. A Maximiliano Lovera penalty helped Rosario defeat Fénix in a 17 July pre-season friendly. Rosario failed to gain a win on 20 July in exhibition games with Arsenal de Sarandí. Agustín Coscia, the top goalscorer in their reserves, was loaned to Almagro on 24 July. Matías Palavecino switched Argentina for Cyprus on 26 July, as ASIL of the Second Division revealed his arrival. Facundo Rizzi went to Villa Dálmine on 27 July.
July
Rosario Central began their league campaign with a victory on the road against Atlético Tucumán on 29 July, with new signing Ciro Rius netting alongside Leonardo Gil. Also on that date, Hernán Da Campo was loaned to Chacarita Juniors. Nicolás Colazo, from Boca Juniors, became Diego Cocca's sixth new signing on 30 July.
August
On 1 August, Rosario announced the arrival of Lucas Gamba from Huracán on a three-year contract. Soon after, Alfonso Parot's departure to Universidad Católica was confirmed. A goal versus Talleres from off-season signing Diego Zabala secured Rosario two wins from two in the Primera División on 3 August. Rosario shared victories with Sarmiento in exhibition fixtures on 6 August. Rosario met Argentino in friendly action again on 9 August, as they beat them by scoring twice, as they did on 15 June, in both games. Andrés Lioi headed to Poland on loan with Korona Kielce of the Ekstraklasa on 13 August. San Lorenzo and Rosario Central cancelled each other out on 17 August, as Rosario threw away a two-goal advantage to draw 2–2 which ended winning starts for both.
Rosario made it four undefeated in the league on 24 August, after drawing at home to Patronato; Maximiliano Lovera scored for them. On 31 August, Lovera was sold to Olympiacos.
September
Rosario experienced their third tie in a row on 1 September after a 1–1 scoreline with Colón, though the result did extend their unbeaten streak to five matches.
Squad
Transfers
Domestic transfer windows:3 July 2019 to 24 September 201920 January 2020 to 19 February 2020.
Transfers in
Transfers out
Loans in
Loans out
Friendlies
Pre-season
Rosario Central's first pre-season fixture was revealed on 12 June 2019 against city rivals Argentino, set for 15 June, which was followed by the announcement of friendlies in Asunción, Paraguay with Paraguayan Primera División side Olimpia, set for 6 July, and Sol De Mayo; though the latter was later cancelled. On 14 June, Unión Santa Fe scheduled a match with Rosario Central for 13 July. On 21 June, the club announced a behind-closed-doors friendly with Sportivo Las Parejas was set for the following day. They met their reserves on 29 June. A game for 10 July in Arroyo Seco versus Central Córdoba (R) was scheduled. They were set to also face Talleres, but that fixture was later cancelled. Fénix and Arsenal de Sarandí games were added on 16 July.
Mid-season
Rosario met Sarmiento on 6 August in Arroyo Seco. They'd play Argentino on 9 August, just less than two months since their previously meeting on 15 June.
Competitions
Primera División
League table
Relegation table
Source: AFA
Results summary
Matches
The fixtures for the 2019–20 campaign were released on 10 July.
Copa Argentina
Copa de la Superliga
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
Statistics accurate as of 1 September 2019.
Goalscorers
Notes
References
Rosario Central seasons
Rosario Central
Qutni (cuttanee, couthnys, Koetnies, Kutni) is an old silk and cotton mix cloth with a striped pattern. Qutni is a satin weave structure with silk in warp and cotton in the weft. It was made In Gujarat, India. Qutni was also produced at Damascus, Aleppo, Hama.
Types
Qutni or Cuttanee
Cuttanee () was related to silk alachas Qutni of Gujarat was a Satin weave with silk threads in warp and cotton in the weft. Gujarat was exporting Qutni in large to Europe and much appreciated for quilts.
Rich Qutni
Damascus designed various silk cloths where Qutni and Alza were significant. They were making two types of Qutni, simple and rich, both with the same quantity of silk and cotton. The rich Qutni (Arabic: manqusheh) is a silk satin stripe patterned cloth in which weft is a foundation and warp creating the patterns. It is a superior fabric to simple Qutni.
Qutni was woven as per market specified dimensions; for example, Length 6.13 meters width 0.7 meters was for Syria, Baghdad and Constantinople, Smyrna, and Persia. But for Egypt, the length was slightly more, i.e., 6.83 with the same width.
Mashru
Mashru silk samples in John Forbes Watson book elicits Qutni as Roques reports cottonis variations including stripes of cotton and silk that insinuates Mashru, the most related cloth from Gujrat, i.e., Qutni while J. Irwin compared alaja to Qutni.
Mentions
Persian merchants introduced many Indian cloths in Turkey, The 1640 price list from Istanbul mentions qutni from Yazd made ''like the Indian''(qutni-i Yezd manend-i Hind) or the Persian qutni 'in seven colours made in the Indian style (manend-i Hind heft-renk qutni-i agemi).
Abu'l-Fazl mentions Qutni as a mix of silk and wool with a price of 1.5 to 2.0 R per piece in the Ain-i-Akbari.
Bouiteneige is another word for a silk and cotton mix.
See also
Silk
Khazz silk
Ain-i-Akbari
Warp and weft
Silk in the Indian subcontinent
References
Textiles
Silk
Weaving
MaaS360 is a SaaS product offered by IBM that allows for the management of BYOD and enterprise-issued devices, including smartphones, tablets, and laptops. It is a cloud-based product originally developed by Fiberlink Communications until its acquisition by IBM.
History
MaaS360 was first developed by Fiberlink Communications. Fiberlink Communications was started in 1991. The company was known for managing laptops in the cloud until developing MaaS360. In 2013, IBM bought Fiberlink for $375 million. This allowed IBM to integrate a Mobile Device Management solution into their IBM MobileFirst product line
Technology
MaaS360 was originally offered only as a Cloud-Hosted solution, although an on-premises solution was later introduced. Since IBM MaaS360 uses a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) model, the software resides on IBM's BlueMix cloud platform. It has multi-tenancy allowing for all types of businesses and organizations to use the software from their web based login portal. MaaS360 has a "cloud extender" plugin allowing a corporate Active Directory server to integrate all of a user's normal login credentials.
MaaS360 is available to manage Android, iOS, iPadOS, BlackBerry, Windows, and macOS.
References
As a service
IBM cloud services
IBM software
Osvaldo Luiz Pereira (born 8 November 1980), known as Luizão, is a Brazilian professional footballer.
Club career
He made his debut in the Russian Premier League in 2003 for FC Spartak Moscow.
Honours
Russian Cup winner: 2003.
References
External links
Luizão at Futpedia
1980 births
People from Bebedouro
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Club Athletico Paranaense players
Clube Atlético Juventus players
Santa Cruz Futebol Clube players
FC Spartak Moscow players
Vila Nova Futebol Clube players
Associação Desportiva São Caetano players
Clube Náutico Capibaribe players
Rio Claro Futebol Clube players
América Futebol Clube (RN) players
ABC Futebol Clube players
Russian Premier League players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Association football defenders
FC Khimki players
Footballers from São Paulo (state)
Ward Maule (1 September 1833 – 23 September 1913) was an Indian-born English clergyman and cricketer who played first-class cricket for Cambridge University and for the amateur Gentlemen of Kent team. He was born in Mangalore, Karnataka, India and died at Boulogne, France.
Maule was the son of John Templeman Maule, who was a surgeon with the Madras medical authorities. He was educated at Warwick School and at Tonbridge School and matriculated at Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge in 1851, though the record indicates (perhaps mistakenly) that he did not achieve his Bachelor of Laws degree until 1871. As a cricketer, he played in four major matches for Cambridge University in 1853 as a lower-order batsman and a bowler, though it is not known what his batting or bowling style was; these games included the 1853 University Match against Oxford University in which he scored 7 and 14 not out (his highest first-class score) and took three wickets. In 1854, he played a single match for a Gentlemen of Kent side against the Gentlemen of England, but he is not recorded in any further games.
Maule was ordained as a deacon in the Church of England in Bombay in 1856 and as a priest in 1859; he was first a chaplain at Nellore in southern India and then at Colaba, near Bombay. From 1872 to 1879 he was successively archdeacon and commissary at Bombay and then senior chaplain at St. Thomas Cathedral, Mumbai. He later settled at Boulogne in France where he was a British chaplain and where he died in 1913.
References
1833 births
1913 deaths
English cricketers
Cambridge University cricketers
Gentlemen of Kent cricketers
People educated at Warwick School
Alumni of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge
19th-century English Anglican priests
Rest Super is an Australian industry superannuation fund established in 1988. It is one of Australia's largest superannuation funds by membership, with around 1.9 million members in June 2022. Rest currently manages A$66 billion in funds.
Governance
Trustee
Rest Super is run by a trustee company called Retail Employees Superannuation Pty Limited, with a board of eight directors. Four directors are nominated on behalf of employees by the Shop Distributive and Allied Employees Association and four nominated on behalf of employers and employer associations.
Fund Administrator
The fund administrator of REST is currently Australian Administration Services (AAS), a superannuation administration company based in Rhodes, New South Wales. AAS is part of the Link Group of companies. REST has worked with AAS since 1992, providing full administrative and call-centre services.
Notes
External links
Australian companies established in 1988
Financial services companies established in 1988
Superannuation funds in Australia
Retailing in Australia
Retailing organizations
Karalar, Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
KRG Studios is a film production and distribution company based in Bangalore. It primarily deals in distribution of Kannada language films across Karnataka.
Background
KRG Studios was established by Karthik Gowda, Executive Producer of Hombale Films in June 2017 and has been distributing films across Karnataka. Around September 2017, Karthik Gowda joined hands with film director Yogi G Raj. In the year 2020, KRG Studios reported another endeavour, KRG Connects (Movie Marketing Unit).
Furthermore, ventured into movie production with Rathnan Prapancha, a film starring Dhananjay and directed by Rohit Padaki.
Films Distributed
References
Indian film distributors
Film production companies of India
Walk Like a Man is a 1987 American comedy film directed by Melvin Frank and starring Howie Mandel, Christopher Lloyd, Amy Steel, and Cloris Leachman. The plot concerns a young man who finally returns to his high-society family after having been raised by wolves. It was released to theaters on April 17, 1987.
Plot
Henry Shand goes to Alaska to search for gold and find his fortune. While there, his spoiled brat of a son, Reggie, gets mad that he has to work for money. What further angers him is the fact that he has to share the dogsled with his two-year-old brother Robert, nicknamed "Bobo". Reggie decides to take matters into his own hands and pushes the toddler off the sled, leaving him to die in the wintery Klondike wilderness.
Some twenty years later, Henry has died, giving Reggie a large inheritance of thirty million dollars. Reggie foolishly spends it within a year, causing his new bride, Rhonda, to become an angry alcoholic, as they have gone broke and had to move back in with Reggie's mother, Margaret. Margaret has gone insane since Bobo's disappearance and Henry's death, and has now spent much of the family's fortune on buying homes for stray cats.
Meanwhile, a biologist named Penny arrives from Alaska, claiming to have found Bobo alive and well. They discover that Bobo has been raised by timber wolves, causing him to sniff everyone's butts, greet people by licking their faces, run on all fours, eat with his mouth rather than using flatware, growl and bark, chew on shoes, and run through fresh cement while chasing cats or fire trucks.
Reggie decides to manipulate Bobo into signing over his inheritance to him to pay off gambling debts. Reggie tells Penny that she can use Bobo for wolf research, but first must teach him to walk, talk, read, and, of course, write. Penny gives Bobo a shave and a haircut, but getting him to act like a human proves to be a difficult task, and Bobo continues to unknowingly cause problems. Things get even worse when Bobo goes out in public, wreaking havoc in a shopping mall by going into dressing rooms, unwittingly trying on clothes and walking out of stores with them.
As Bobo behaves more like a person than a dog, Penny begins to fall in love with him. Reggie wants her to speed up the training of his savage sibling, as the people he owes money to want their cash quickly. In court, Penny stands up for Bobo, having discovered Reggie's scheme. Bobo refuses to sign, and Reggie frantically engages in canine behavior—growling, barking, chewing on a squeaky toy—in an attempt to demonstrate how Bobo was acting, making him look asinine to the judge, who dismisses the case. Bobo and Penny go outside and kiss, but Bobo stops to chase a fire engine.
Cast
Howie Mandel as Robert "Bobo" Shand
Christopher Lloyd as Henry Shand (in a flashback)/Reggie Shand
Cloris Leachman as Margaret Shand
Colleen Camp as Rhonda Shand
Amy Steel as Penny
Stephen Elliott as Walter Welmont
George DiCenzo as Bob (Bub) Downs
John McLiam as H.P. Truman
Earl Boen as Jack Mollins
Howard Platt as Fred Land
Millie Slavin as Essie Welmont
William Bogert as A.J. (Al) Brown
Isabel Cooley as Judge / Bystander
Asa Lorre as Bobby Shand
Jeremy Gosch as Young Reggie
Production
The wolves in this film were uncreditedly trained by employees of Steve Earl Martin's Frazier Park, California-based cinematic and television animal sanctuary Working Wildlife. This film was an independent film, one of the first to be produced by Mandel. To this day, the budget is unknown. However, the film was also a box office bomb, grossing $460,608 at the box office.
Home video
The film was released on VHS in late 1987, and on DVD on March 2, 2004.
References
External links
1987 films
American comedy films
1987 comedy films
1980s English-language films
Films directed by Melvin Frank
Films scored by Lee Holdridge
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
1980s American films
The 2020 General Tire #AnywhereIsPossible 200 was the fourth stock car race of the 2020 ARCA Menards Series and the 36th iteration of the event. The race was held on Friday, June 26, 2020, in Long Pond, Pennsylvania, at Pocono Raceway, a 2.5 miles (4.0 km) triangular permanent course. The race took the scheduled 80 laps to complete. At race's end, Ty Gibbs of Joe Gibbs Racing would lead a dominant race to win his third career ARCA Menards Series win and his first of the season. To fill out the podium, Chandler Smith of Venturini Motorsports and Sam Mayer of GMS Racing would finish second and third, respectively.
Background
The race was held at Pocono Raceway, which is a three-turn superspeedway located in Long Pond, Pennsylvania. The track hosts two annual NASCAR Sprint Cup Series races, as well as one Xfinity Series and Camping World Truck Series event. Until 2019, the track also hosted an IndyCar Series race.
Pocono Raceway is one of a very few NASCAR tracks not owned by either Speedway Motorsports, Inc. or International Speedway Corporation. It is operated by the Igdalsky siblings Brandon, Nicholas, and sister Ashley, and cousins Joseph IV and Chase Mattioli, all of whom are third-generation members of the family-owned Mattco Inc, started by Joseph II and Rose Mattioli.
Outside of the NASCAR races, the track is used throughout the year by Sports Car Club of America (SCCA) and motorcycle clubs as well as racing schools and an IndyCar race. The triangular oval also has three separate infield sections of racetrack – North Course, East Course and South Course. Each of these infield sections use a separate portion of the tri-oval to complete the track. During regular non-race weekends, multiple clubs can use the track by running on different infield sections. Also some of the infield sections can be run in either direction, or multiple infield sections can be put together – such as running the North Course and the South Course and using the tri-oval to connect the two.
Entry list
*The #0 would withdraw due to one of the team's engines blowing up at the previous race. As a result, Thompson would replace Richmond in the #06 for the weekend.
Practice
The only 45-minute practice session would take place on Friday, June 26. Chandler Smith of Venturini Motorsports would set the fastest time in the session, with a 54.062 and an average speed of .
Starting lineup
The starting lineup was determined by the current 2020 owner's points. As a result, Michael Self of Venturini Motorsports would win the pole.
Full starting lineup
Race results
References
2020 ARCA Menards Series
NASCAR races at Pocono Raceway
June 2020 sports events in the United States
2020 in sports in Pennsylvania
I Got a Boy (stylized in all caps) is the fourth Korean studio album (sixth overall) by South Korean girl group Girls' Generation. It was released for digital download on January 1, 2013, by S.M. Entertainment, and was made available for physical sales the following day by KT Music. Musically, the album is characterized as combining elements from a wide range of genres including R&B, new wave, and EDM. This is the last studio album and Korean studio album with their founding member Jessica before her dismissal of the group in 2014 and subsequent departure from SM Entertainment in 2015.
I Got a Boy received mixed reviews from music critics; it was praised for its eclectic musical styles, however several were favorable towards only a few songs on the album. Commercially, it was a success domestically, peaking atop the South Korean Gaon Album Chart and became the second best-selling album of 2013 in the country. The album additionally charted at number seven on the Japanese Oricon Albums Chart, number three on the Taiwanese G-Music chart, and number one on the Billboard World Albums.
To promote the album, Girls' Generation appeared and performed on several music programs including Music Bank and Show! Music Core in early 2013. The album's lead single was "Dancing Queen", a remake of Duffy's 2008 single "Mercy", released on December 21, 2012. The second single, "I Got a Boy", was released on January 1, 2013, and was subjected to major attention from Western media outlets following its winning Video of the Year at the inaugural YouTube Music Awards.
Promotion
Release
After the group's label S.M. Entertainment revealed the group intended to return in January 2013, MBC announced on December 11, 2012, that the group would be receiving a separate broadcast depicting the album process in preparation of the album's release in January 2013. The single track, "Dancing Queen", was released on December 21, 2012. The title track, "I Got a Boy", was released digitally on January 1, 2013. The full album was released on January 2, 2013. Prior to the release in October, member Seohyun said: "This album is really different from our usual ones. It's like challenging a person's limits. I'm looking forward to what the fans will think, and because it's still a secret amongst us, I just feel nervous."
Live performances
The first of the group's comeback performances began on January 3, 2013, on Mnet's M! Countdown. Seven members appeared on Mnet's Wide Open Studio program prior to their comeback performance, Yuri and Hyoyeon were not present as they were preparing to emcee M! Countdown. The group continued their first week of performances for the album on KBS' Music Bank, MBC's Music Core and SBS's Inkigayo on January 4, 5 and 6, respectively. Girls' Generation held an hour-long "Virtual Concert" broadcast live via Naver Music on January 5, 2013, where they perform "I Got a Boy", "Talk Talk" and "Dancing Queen". The group also performed five songs from the album on their MBC comeback special; Girls' Generation's Romantic Fantasy on January 1, 2013. The group also performed on KBS Hope Concert. The group performed "I Got a Boy" and "Dancing Queen" in Dream K-Pop Fantasy concert held in Manila, Philippines on January 19, 2013, making it their first overseas performance of both songs. On KBS Yoo Hee-Yeol's Sketchbook, the group performed "I Got a Boy", "Dancing Queen", and "Lost in Love". They performed their single "I Got a Boy" as part of the setlist on their Second Japan Arena Tour.
The album was officially tour promoted on Girls' Generation World Tour Girls & Peace, began on June 8, 2013, in Olympic Gymnastics Arena, Seoul, South Korea, finished on February 15, 2014, in Cotai Arena, Macau. The tour also promotes their third studio album, The Boys, officially.
Composition
Dsign Music, the group of famous composers that composed the hit song, "Genie", as well as the top composers of Europe including Will Simms and Sarah Lundback, and the composer from Korea, Young-Jin Yoo participated in the making of the album. "I Got a Boy" is an electronic dance song that mixes pop, retro, and urban genres. "Talk Talk" is the Korean version of Boomerang which was included in their second Japanese studio album Girls & Peace, and the Korean lyrics tell a guy who does not understand a girl's heart should try to talk to his girl that it gives the feeling different from Japanese version while it has the same melody and arrangement.
"Baby Maybe", mixes lyrics written by Girls' Generation members Sooyoung, Yuri, and Seohyun that expresses the fluttering heart of a girl in love. "XYZ" with a powerful synthesizer pattern is also written by Yuri and Seohyun. The album also contains "Lost in Love (유리아이)", a duet by Taeyeon and Tiffany expresses the changes of heart that accepts the breakup with a lover as time passes. The track "Promise" is a mid-tempo soul ballad composed and arranged by British songwriter Joseph Belmaati in his debut collaboration with the group. The lyrics were penned by Mo-ul and contain a message for the fans. "Express 999" is retro pop combining 1980s new wave influences, and various genres. "Look at Me" combines organic beats, a playful melody, and easy-to-sing-along chorus. "Romantic St." is a swing jazz style song.
Singles
"Dancing Queen" was released as a pre-release single on December 21, 2012. "Dancing Queen", a remake of Welsh singer Duffy's song "Mercy" was recorded in 2008 as a comeback song after a nine-month hiatus, however plans were scrapped due to copyright issues and the group went with "Gee".
"I Got a Boy" was released digitally on January 1, 2013. The "I Got A Boy" music video and album were released simultaneously at 5 p.m. KST. The video, as well as the teaser in the "Dancing Queen" video, became the center of public scrutiny after several screenshots from the video circulated on the internet with Sunny's hat having the words "WELCOME MOTHERF★CKERS" printed on it.
Reception
I Got a Boy received mixed reviews from music critics. David Jeffries from AllMusic called the album an "explosion," writing: "Fans will embrace it with open arms, while mega-fans should also clear some shelf space since the physical edition of the album was made available with ten different covers, one for each member of the group and then one with the whole crew." Jeff Benjamin writing for Billboard wrote that the album's musical styles "satisfy not only K-pop fans but also listeners of all types of popular music" with elements of "forward-thinking" genres such as EDM, R&B, and new wave.
Hwang Seon-eop from South Korean online magazine IZM, however, was less enthusiastic towards the album's "experimental" styles and singled out "Baby Maybe" and "Romantic St." as the two better songs on the album. Several music critics from webzine Weiv were generally unfavorable of the album; critic Choi Min-woo wrote that "in the end, the only thing that stands out is 'I Got A Boy'". Idologys Mimryo likewise complimented the musicality of the title track, although he expressed boredom with the remainder of the record.
A week after the release of "Dancing Queen," the song was number one on the Gaon Single chart. I Got a Boy debuted at the number two spot of Billboard'''s World Album Chart. They also placed 2nd on the Heatseekers Albums Chart and 23rd on the Independent Albums Chart. The album ranked 7th on Oricon Weekly Chart and ranked 22nd on Oricon Monthly Chart. "I Got a Boy" also rank first on Five Music Korean-Japanese Chart in Taiwan for two weeks in a row.
Track listing
Credits adapted from Naver
Notes
"Dancing Queen" (recorded in 2008) is a remake of the song, "Mercy", by Welsh singer Duffy.
"Baby Maybe" was originally co-written as a demo in English by English singer-songwriter Pixie Lott under the title as "What You Do." The song was later given to Girls' Generation with Seohyun, Yuri and Sooyoung re-writing the lyrics in Korean.
"Talk Talk" (previously titled Boomerang) was recorded in 2008. A Japanese version was included in their second Japanese studio album, Girls & Peace (2012).
"Lost in Love" is a duet song sung by Taeyeon and Tiffany.
"Express 999" is a reference to the Anime Galaxy Express 999.
Personnel
Credits for I Got a Boy'' adapted are from album liner notes.
Girls' Generation – vocals
Taeyeon – main vocal, background vocal
Jessica – main vocal, background vocal
Sunny – lead vocal, background vocal
Tiffany – lead vocal, background vocal
Hyoyeon – vocal, rapper
Yuri – vocal, rapper, songwriter, background vocals
Sooyoung – vocal, rapper, songwriter
Yoona – vocal, rapper
Seohyun – lead vocal, background vocal, songwriter
Yoo Young-jin – producer, songwriter, translator, audio mixing, recording
Will Simms – songwriting, producer
Yang Geunyeong – background vocals
Anne Judith Wik – songwriter
Sarah Lundback Bell – songwriter
Kim Jungbae – guitar
Yoong – strings
Park Chang-hyun – songwriting, background vocal, producer, piano, keyboard, programming
Shim Sangwon – string arrangement, conductor
Choi Wonhyuk – bass guitar
Moul – songwriter
Joseph Belmaati – songwriter, producer
Stephen Andrew Booker – songwriter, producer
Aimee Ann Duffy – songwriter
Nam Goongjin – recording, mixing
Im Kwangwook – arrangement
Mich Hansen – songwriter, producer
Jonas Jeberg – songwriter
Ruth-Anne Cunningham – songwriter
Jung Eunkyung – recording
Jung Euisuk – recording, mixing
Kim Jung-bae – songwriter
Goo Jongpil – mixing
Kim Tae-sung – songwriter, translator
Im Yoonjae – vocal director
Charlie Mason – songwriter, producer
Oscar Gorres – songwriter, songwriter
Danny Saucedo – songwriter
Choi Yeongkyung – vocal director
Lee Sungho – recording
Lee Joohyung – recording
Kim Jung-bae – songwriting
Shinmin – string arrangement, conductor
Hong Junho – guitar
Lee Sanghoon – drums
Kenzie – organ, producer, recording, vocal director
Jun Gandi – songwriter
Johan Gustafson – songwriter, producer
Jee Yoon Yoo – songwriter
Lee Shinsung – songwriter
Fredrik Häggstam – songwriter, producer
Sebastian Lundberg – songwriter, producer
Pixie Lott – songwriter
Louis Schoorl – songwriter
Hwang Hyun – vocal director, recording
Lee Joohyung – vocal director
Choi Yeongkyung – background vocals
Jonathan Yip – producer
Ray Romulus – producer
Reremy Reeves – producer
Kim Taesung – arrangement
Kim Yongshin – arrangement
Nam Goongjin – mixing
Kim Jiyeon – background vocal
Lee Joohyung – recording
Hyuk Shin – songwriter, producer
Matthew Heath – songwriter
Hailey Collier – songwriter
DK – songwriter
Jordan Kyle – songwriter, producer
Lee Yoonji – guitar
Lee Chanmi – songwriter
Sumi – songwriter
Lee Soo Man – executive producer
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
References
External links
Girls' Generation official website
2013 albums
Girls' Generation albums
SM Entertainment albums
KMP Holdings albums
Korean-language albums
Brierley Forest Park, Sutton in Ashfield was designated a Local Nature Reserve in 2006. It contains Calcareous grassland, sown grassland, wildflower meadows with hoary ragwort, yellow-wort, wild carrot and lesser trefoil. There are four wetland feature areas, Brierley Waters, a reed swamp, Rooley Brook and the visitor centre pond. There are species rich hedgerows, woodland and semi natural vegetation.
Description
The park has a visitor centre, fishing, football pitches, children's play areas, picnicking, cycling and horse paths, bird feeding stations, an arboretum, a remembrance grove and disabled car parking. A Parkrun takes place every Saturday morning.
References
Parks in England
Forest parks in England
The 2014 Sylvania 300 was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series stock car race that was held on September 21, 2014, at New Hampshire Motor Speedway in Loudon, New Hampshire. Contested over 303 laps, it was the 28th race of the 36 2014 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series season and second race of the ten race Chase for the Sprint Cup. Joey Logano scored his seventh career victory. Kyle Larson finished second while Kevin Harvick, Jamie McMurray, and Jimmie Johnson rounded out the top five. The top rookies of the race were Kyle Larson (2nd), Austin Dillon (11th), and Justin Allgaier (20th).
Winner's Words After Previous Weeks Win
Brad Keselowski coasted on to victory lane on the final restart in the MyAFibStory.com 400 at Chicagoland Speedway. “I am not really sure what to say,'' Keselowski said after scoring his second consecutive victory of the season. “I don't really know what happened. I just know we got to the lead. I saw Kyle and Kevin racing each other really hard, they were aggressively side drafting and I was waiting for an opportunity to strike and it came. The car stuck and everything came together."
Report
Background
New Hampshire Motor Speedway is a 1.058-mile (1.703 km) oval speedway located in Loudon, New Hampshire which has hosted NASCAR racing annually since the early 1990s, as well as an IndyCar weekend and the oldest motorcycle race in North America, the Loudon Classic. Nicknamed "The Magic Mile", the speedway is often converted into a 1.6-mile (2.6 km) road course, which includes much of the oval.
On September 16, Ontario Country District Attorney Michael Tantillo issued a written statement stating that the findings into the investigation of the Tony Stewart incident at Canandaigua Motorsports Park on August 9 would be sent to a grand jury to determine what chargers if any will be filed against Stewart. The statement reads as follows. “Over the past several weeks, I have reviewed with members of the Ontario County Sheriff's Department their investigation, as it progressed, in the Tony Stewart matter. Recently that office concluded its work and forwarded the complete case file to me. Upon my review of all of the information contained in the entire investigation, I have made the determination that it would be appropriate to submit the evidence to a grand jury, for their determination as to what action should be taken in this matter. Accordingly, the evidence developed in the investigation will be presented to an Ontario County grand jury in the near future.
“As grand jury proceedings in New York State are strictly confidential by law, I am unable to state when the matter will be scheduled, other than to state that I intend to present the matter in the near future. Similarly, because of the confidential nature of these proceedings, I cannot state who will be called as witnesses, or what any witness's expected testimony will be. When the presentation has been completed and a determination has been made, I will advise the public and the media at that time of the results.”
Stewart said he would continue to cooperate in the grand jury proceeding. "I respect the time and effort spent by both the Ontario County District Attorney and the sheriff's office in investigating this tragic accident," Stewart said in a statement. "I look forward to this process being completed, and I will continue to provide my full cooperation.” Stewart is expected to race this weekend and NASCAR has issued a statement allowing him to do so. "We are aware of the completed investigation and the announced next steps," NASCAR spokesman Brett Jewkes said in a statement. "First, our thoughts continue to be with all who have been impacted by this tragedy. We will monitor this process and stay in close contact with Stewart-Haas Racing. It would be inappropriate for NASCAR to comment on this case so we will continue to respect the process and authorities involved."
Also on September 16, BK Racing sidelined Ryan Truex and put Travis Kvapil in the No. 83 car. This was a decision made quietly and wasn't announced till Friday, September 19. No reason was given as to why this happened and the team has not announced the immediate future beyond this weekend. “I didn't have anything going on this weekend,” Kvapil said. “We had talked about doing something with the 93. These are my guys here. I had been with them for the last two years and feel I had a hand in building this team. I don't know what the plans are beyond this weekend, but it's good to be back.”
Entry list
The entry list for the Sylvania 300 was released on Monday, September 15, 2014 at 10:01 a.m. Eastern time. Forty-three drivers were entered for the race.
Practice
First practice
Brad Keselowski was the fastest in the first practice session with a time of 27.516 and a speed of .
Qualifying
Brad Keselowski won the pole with a new track record time of 27.090 and a speed of . “Loudon's always been one of my favorite tracks, and we've won a couple poles here before,” said Keselowski. “But this one is a little extra special with everything that's going on and going through the Chase and what not. I'm ready to get running tomorrow and hopefully, we'll get another win. I try not to get caught up in statements, I'm just trying to go out there and do our job. The Penske team has done phenomenal this season, and it's great to keep it rolling." “I thought we had a really good car in race trim,” said Jamie McMurray who qualified second. “We ran a few laps in race trim to start today. Very similar to the same car we had here the first race. We switched over to qualifying trim we were second quick so yeah our car has been good so far. The track will change a little bit tomorrow when the rubber gets laid down, but overall it's been a really good weekend so far.” “We qualified a lot better this time than we did the last trip here,” said Dale Earnhardt Jr. “We saved a set of tires in practice too that will be a big benefit tomorrow in race trim. It was a good day.” Forty-three drivers were entered so no one failed to make the race.
Qualifying results
Practice (post-qualifying)
Second practice
Brad Keselowski was the fastest in the second practice session with a time of 28.084 and a speed of .
Final practice
Brad Keselowski was going for the "perfect weekend" (topping the charts in every practice session along with winning the pole), but he came up short as Jeff Gordon was the fastest in the final practice session with a time of 28.139 and a speed of . Corey Lajoie, who was making his first Sprint Cup Series start, tagged the wall in turn 4. Greg Biffle spun out exiting turn 2. The only damage that was sustained was a flat right-rear tire. In the closing seconds of the session, Tony Stewart got loose coming off of turn 4 and spun sideways down the front stretch.
Race
Start
The race was scheduled to start at 2:16 p.m. Eastern time but started three minutes early with Brad Keselowski leading the way, the first caution of the race flew on lap 36, It was a planned competition caution due to overnight rain. Denny Hamlin took just two tires and assumed the lead after David Gilliland pitted after staying out. Keselowski took four and exited pit road 16th, The race restarted on lap 41.
Second half
Kevin Harvick took the lead on lap 71, Denny Hamlin was running second when he made an unscheduled stop for a fuel probe issue on lap 95.
Second Caution and restart
Debris brought out the second caution on lap 105. The debris was from a Z-MAX decal that was located on the backstretch wall past the exit of turn 2. A NASCAR official eventually removed the logo. Harvick and Joey Logano traded the lead on pit road because of where Harvick's pit stall was located, The race restarted on lap 113, Dale Earnhardt Jr. was running sixth when he made an unscheduled stop for a loose wheel.
Third Half
Debris in turn 3 brought out the third caution on lap 170. Harvick and Logano once again traded the lead on pit road. Only this time, Logano exited first. The race restarted on lap 178, Caution came out for the fourth time on lap 180 when Martin Truex Jr. got into Cole Whitt and spun out taking David Ragan with him. Denny Hamlin slid into Ragan trying to avoid him. "Unfortunately, in this three-race deal you can't make any mistakes," Hamlin said of the new elimination format, in which four drivers will be out of contention after every third race in the 10-race run to the title. "And we didn't. But a parts failure put us down." "I hate to say it, but maybe some guys get some trouble and let us back in it. Other than that, it's going to be hard for us to do it without some help."
Restart and big wreck
The race restarted on lap 187, Caution flew for the fifth time on lap 188 for another multi-car crash in turn 2. Matt Kenseth got loose exiting turn 2. He pancaked the front of Kyle Busch and that accordioned into Kasey Kahne and sent Busch spinning down the backstretch.
Fourth Half
The race restarted on lap 193 and caution flew for the sixth time on lap 194 when Brad Keselowski, racing for seventh with Kenseth, got loose and turned himself around in turn 2.
Restart
The race restarted on lap 198 and caution flew for the seventh time on lap 201 after Ricky Stenhouse Jr. got turned by a loose Dale Earnhardt Jr. exiting turn 4, The race restarted on lap 206, Caution flew for the eighth time on lap 211 for debris on the backstretch. Brian Vickers stayed out when the leaders pitted and assumed the lead, The race restarted with 85 laps to go.
Midway
Caution flew for the ninth time with 79 laps to go after Kurt Busch slammed the wall in turn 3 following blowing the right-front tire.
Halfway
The race restarted with 75 laps to go, Brad Keselowski retook the lead with 73 laps to go and Debris on the backstretch brought out the tenth caution of the race with 55 laps to go, The race restarted with 50 laps to go, Caution flew for the eleventh time with 44 laps to go after Corey LaJoie spun out in turn 2.
Twelfth caution and restart
The race restarted with 40 laps to go. Ricky Stenhouse Jr. slammed the wall in turn 1 to bring out the twelfth caution of the race with 37 laps to go.
Restart
The race restarted with 32 laps to go and Kevin Harvick immediately retook the lead from Brad Keselowski. Caution came out for the 13th time with 31 laps to go after Paul Menard got loose and spun in turn 3. He collected Matt Kenseth and hit the wall in turn 4.
Restart and 14th caution
The race restarted with 27 laps to go and Joey Logano retook the lead. Caution flew for the 14th time with nine laps to go after Jeff Gordon slammed the wall in turn 1.
Restart and 15th caution
The race restarted with four laps to go. Caution flew for the 15th time with three laps to go after Tony Stewart got turned and spun exiting turn 4.
Green-white-checker finish
Attempt #1
Joey Logano took off on the first Green-White-Checker attempt to score his fourth victory of the season. “It feels good to go into the next one,” Logano said. “We've got to keep doing what we're doing though. We've got to keep our eye on the prize and think about the big trophy at the end.”
Race results
Race statistics
10 lead changes among different drivers
15 cautions for 63 laps
Time of race: 3:14:53
Joey Logano won his fourth race in 2014
Media
Television
Radio
Standings after the race
Drivers' Championship standings
Manufacturers' Championship standings
Note: Only the first sixteen positions are included for the driver standings.
References
Osram Sylvania 300
Osram Sylvania 300
Osram Sylvania 300
NASCAR races at New Hampshire Motor Speedway
Chekuthante Kotta is a 1967 Indian Malayalam-language horror thriller film, directed and produced by M. M. Nesan. The film stars Sathyan, Madhu, P. J. Antony and Sankaradi. The film had musical score by B. A. Chidambaranath.
Plot
Cast
Sathyan as Lawrence
Madhu as Venugopal
Sankaradi
Ambika as Yamuna
Bahadoor
J. A. R. Anand as Ponnan
S. P. Pillai
Soundtrack
The music was composed by B. A. Chidambaranath and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1960s horror thriller films
1960s Malayalam-language films
1967 films
Indian horror thriller films
Keidran Jones (born 15 April 1987), better known by his stage name Iyaz, is a British Virgin Islands singer and songwriter, formerly signed with the record label Beluga Heights Records. He is known for his singles "Replay", "Solo" and "Pretty Girls". He released his debut album Replay in 2010.
Life and career
1987–2010: Early life and career beginnings
Iyaz aka Keidran Jones was born in 1987, into a musical family. He grew up in Tortola in the Virgin Islands. Iyaz studied digital recording at New England Institute of Technology. He was featured on the track "Island Girls" by Out Da Box Family, which achieved radio success in the Caribbean. Sean Kingston found Iyaz through his Myspace page in 2008 and later signed him to a recording contract with Time Is Money/Beluga Heights. Michael Nguyen introduced him to producer and Beluga Heights head J.R. Rotem. He released "Replay" in 2009, which peaked at number 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 and at number 1 in several territories, including the United Kingdom. His second single "Solo" was released in February 2010, and peaked at number 32 on the Hot 100. He also took part in recording the Haiti charity single, "We Are the World 25 for Haiti". His debut album, Replay was released in 2010, and he was also featured on Jake Zyrus's single "Pyramid". In an interview with HitQuarters, Rotem described Iyaz's creative perfectionism:
"Where as [sic] others might work on several songs in one day, he might sit there and work on one song for days. The end result that he gets is usually an absolute gem, so heartfelt and genuine."
Iyaz also appeared on the fourth season of Hannah Montana, Hannah Montana Forever and made a song with Miley Cyrus called "Gonna Get This", which is featured on the Hannah Montana Forever soundtrack album.
2011–present: Replay and Aurora
In 2011, Iyaz played his part in Big Time Rush's song "If I Ruled the World". Iyaz released "Last Forever" with David Guetta as the producer, and its follow-up, "At Last". Iyaz was featured on New Boyz's single "Break My Bank" and Akon's "My Girl".
Later, Iyaz did a duet called "You're My Only Shorty" with Demi Lovato, which is from Lovato's third studio album, Unbroken. He released a song with Travie McCoy titled "Pretty Girls" and later in the year a song titled "My Heart Broke" surfaced. Iyaz uploaded a duet song named, "Christmas Time" featuring Sha Sha Jones on to YouTube, A Christmas song which His Grandparents requested.
In 2013, a slew of tracks credited to Iyaz surfaced online, namely "Da Da Da", along with "Congrats", "What Is This Feeling" and "Too Sexy".
In 2014, after leaving his previous labels the year prior, Iyaz signed with new Los Angeles-based independent record label Rekless Music, which is distributed by the Alternative Distribution Alliance and Warner Music Group. Iyaz made a cover of Chris Brown's "Loyal" named "Comin' for Ya", followed by another cover months after of Magic!'s song "Rude" which he shared on SoundCloud. Iyaz tweeted in December 2014 he would release a single titled "One Million", and released a snippet of the song on SoundCloud. Iyaz released "One Million" on iTunes in Japan on 12 December 2014, the first single from his second album Aurora, released exclusively in Japan on 8 April 2015.
On 24 July 2015 Iyaz released the second single from Aurora, "Alive", featuring Nash Overstreet of Hot Chelle Rae. It was produced by J.D. "Boy Rekless" Salbego, the President/CEO of Rekless Music, Iyaz's new label, and Stuart Hart. On 23 September 2015, MTV exclusively premiered the official video of "Alive".
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Other appearances
Notes
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1987 births
British Seventh-day Adventists
British Virgin Islands singers
Reggae fusion artists
Living people
People from Tortola
21st-century British singers
Northwoods Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Peoria, Illinois. The mall opened in 1973. It is situated at the corner of Scenic Drive and U.S. Route 150 (West War Memorial Drive). The anchor stores are JCPenney, Round 1 Entertainment, and The RoomPlace. There is 1 vacant anchor store that was once Sears.
History
Northwoods Mall opened in 1973 and was designed by architects Sidney H. Morris & Associates of Chicago, with Harold Carson Associates as the manager. The original anchor stores upon opening were Montgomery Ward, Carson Pirie Scott (shortened later to Carson's), and JCPenney. Original tenants included Helzberg Diamonds, B. Dalton, Claire's, GNC, a Fannie May candy shop, a bank, Brown's Sporting Goods, and several restaurants.
The mall was sold to Simon Property Group in 1983. Carson's closed that same year and was replaced two years later by Famous-Barr. Also in 1983, a botulism outbreak at the mall's Skewer Inn restaurant affected 28 customers.
Montgomery Ward closed its store in the mall in 1997, and Sears occupied its space a year later. A 2005 renovation added a food court. The Famous-Barr store was re-branded as Macy's in 2006. On January 7, 2016, it was announced that Macy's would close in March 2016 as part of a plan to close 40 stores nationwide. In 2017, Round 1 Entertainment moved into part of the vacant Macy's store on the 1st floor which opened on November 18, 2017. In 2018, it was announced that The RoomPlace would move into the rest of the half vacant Macy's store on the 2nd floor which opened on May 11, 2018. On May 25, 2018, a Peoria police substation opened at the mall which is located on the upper level close to Sears. On August 24, 2018, it was announced that Hibbett Sports will open on September 15, 2018. The new store will open on the upper level close to Sears. On September 25, 2018, it was announced that a new store Go! Calendars, Games and Toys opened a few days ago. The space was once occupied by Hallmark Cards. On November 1, 2018, it was announced that an indoor Knockerball facility would open. The facility will open on the upper level next to Sears and will be open to the public as well as hosting private events. On November 20, 2018, it was announced that Forever 21 would open in the mall in summer 2020 but it might not ever open because of its bankruptcy. On November 7, 2019, it was announced that Sears would close in February 2020 as part of a plan to close 96 stores nationwide. After Sears closed, JCPenney became the only remaining traditional anchor store left. Sears closed on February 16, 2020. In 2020, Spirit Halloween served as a temporary anchor store in the former Sears.
References
External links
1973 establishments in Illinois
Buildings and structures in Peoria, Illinois
Washington Prime Group
Shopping malls established in 1973
Shopping malls in Illinois
U.S. Route 150
Arturo Costa (born 10 December 1945) is a Cuban former sports shooter. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1945 births
Living people
Cuban male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Cuba
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Havana
Pan American Games medalists in shooting
Pan American Games silver medalists for Cuba
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Cuba
Shooters at the 1967 Pan American Games
The Stapleford–Hoover–Whitney House is a historic house located at 401 North Main Street in Vermont, Illinois. Built circa 1855, the house was twice remodeled and incorporates elements of three different architectural styles. The original house was built for businessman and speculator Edward Stapleford; it had an I-house plan with a Greek Revival design, which is still reflected in its entrance and windows. Stapleford hanged himself in 1857 after going into debt via a speculation gone wrong; his wife Sarah lived in the house until 1871, when it was purchased by Dr. A. L. Hoover. Hoover, who ran a medical practice in the village, added the house's Italianate features, which included a hip roof with a bracketed cornice and two ornate porches. Merchant George F. Whitney bought the house in the 1880s; his wife and son added the Queen Anne style bay window in 1892.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 7, 1996.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Greek Revival architecture in Illinois
Italianate architecture in Illinois
Queen Anne architecture in Illinois
Houses completed in 1855
National Register of Historic Places in Fulton County, Illinois
I-houses in Illinois
Vermont, Illinois
The Malaita white-eye (Zosterops stresemanni) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to Malaita in the Solomon Islands.
References
IUCN 2008. 2008 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. <www.iucnredlist.org>. Downloaded on 14 October 2008.
Malaita white-eye
Birds of Malaita
Malaita white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Sir Chimanlal Harilal Setalvad KCIE (July 1864 – 10 December 1947) was an eminent Indian barrister and jurist who practiced in the Bombay High Court in the early 20th century.
Life and background
Chimanlal was born in July 1864 at Bharuch, Bharuch district, then in the Bombay Presidency of British India and now part of the state of Gujarat. The eldest of four brothers, he was born into an aristocratic Brahmakshatriya family which had achieved distinction in the law for the preceding two generations. The surname Setalvad derives from the family's origins in the Punjab, where their surname was Talvad. Some Talvads who were leaders of their community became known as Seth – Talvads ("Chiefs of the Talvads") which over time become "Setalvad". In the 18th century, some Setalvads migrated to present-day Gujarat and settled around Surat, serving as paymasters in the imperial Mughal armies.
Chimanlal's grandfather, Ambashankar Brijrai Setalvad (1782–1853) worked for the East India Company in the early 19th century, initially as a sreshtadar (registrar) in the Sadr Diwani Adalat, the Supreme Civil Claims Court. He was subsequently appointed Sadr Amin, or subordinate judge, for Ahmedabad district. Soon becoming renowned for his legal acumen, he eventually rose to Principal Sadr Amin, the highest judicial post then open to non-Europeans, and held the post at the time of his death. Chimanlal's father, Rao Sahib Harilal Ambashankar Setalvad (1821–1899), also served as Sadr Amin of Ahmedabad and was awarded the title of Rao Sahib by the British government upon his retirement in 1877. He subsequently served as dewan of the salute state of Limbdi.
Career
An alumnus of Elphinstone College, Mumbai, he served as Vice-Chancellor of Bombay University and as a member of the Governor of Bombay's Executive Council. He also was founding President of Bahishkrit Hitakarini Sabha, established by B.R. Ambedkar in 1924.
Chimanlal was recognized by Gandhi as an impartial advocate of great integrity. While in favour of independence from Britain, Chimanlal was opposed to Partition; sadly, he lived to see Partition and its accompanying horrors become a reality before his death on 10 December 1947, aged 83.
Honours
Setalvad was knighted in the 1919 New Year Honours List. He was further appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire (KCIE) in the 1924 Birthday Honours list.
Family
He was the father of M.C. Setalvad, later Attorney General of India from 1950 to 1963. His great-granddaughter is Teesta Setalvad, a noted journalist and civil rights activist.
Works
Recollections & reflections, an autobiography, Padma Publications, 1946.
In popular culture
In the film Gandhi (1982), Chimanlal Setalvad is portrayed by Habib Tanvir as a member of the Hunter Commission, in which role he cross-examines General Dyer (credited in movie as Indian Barrister).
References
External links
Chimanlal Harilal Setalvad at the National Portrait Gallery, London
19th-century Indian lawyers
1864 births
1947 deaths
Scholars from Mumbai
Elphinstone College alumni
Knights Bachelor
Knights Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire
Indian knights
Gujarati people
20th-century Indian lawyers
Members of the Bombay Legislative Council
Abu Ishaq (literally "father of Isaac") may refer to:
Abu Ishaq Muhammad al-Mutasim, Abbasid caliph (r. 833–842) and one of the most famous bearer of this Teknonym.
Abu Ishaq Ahmad al-Tha'labi (died 1035/36), Persian scholar
Abu Ishaq al-Fazari (died 805), Islamic historian, traditionalist and jurist
Abu Ishaq Ibrahim al-Muttaqi, was the Caliph of Baghdad from 15 December 940 to 26 August 944.
Abu Ishaq al-Heweny (born 1956), Egyptian Shafi'i scholar
Abū Isḥāq al-Ilbirī, 11th-century Andalusian poet and faqīh
Abu Ishaq al-Isfarayini (died 1027), medieval Sunni Islamic theologian
Abu Ishaq al-Saffar al-Bukhari ( 1067–1139), Sunni theologian and Sufi
Abu Ishaq al-Shatibi (1320–1388), Andalusian Maliki scholar
Abu Ishaq al-Shirazi (1003–1083), Shafi'i-Ash'ari scholar
Abu Ishaq al-Zouaoui (1394–1453), Algerian Maliki scholar
Abu Ishaq Ibrahim (953 – after 978), Buyid prince
Abu Ishaq Ibrahim I (1279–1283), Hafsid emir of Ifriqiya
Abu Ishaq Ibrahim al-Istakhri (died after 952), Persian geographer
Abu Ishaq Ibrahim al-Sahili (c. 1290–1346), Andalusian poet and legal scholar
Abū Isḥāq Ibrāhīm al-Zarqālī (1029–1087), Andalusian Muslim instrument maker
Abu Ishaq Ibrahim of Ghazna, Turkic officer, who was the Samanid governor of Ghazna
Abu Ishaq Ibrahim ibn al-Sari al-Zajjaj (c. 842–922), Iraqi grammarian
Abu Ishaq Ibrahim ibn al-Mudabbir (died c. 893), Abbasid courtier
Abu Ishaq Ibrahim ibn Khafaja (1058 – c. 1138), Andalusian poet
Abu Ishaq Inju ( 1343–1357), last Injuid ruler
Abu Ishaq Shami (died 940), Syrian Sufi and scholar
See also
Boushaki (disambiguation)
Mojgan Shajarian (, born 17 May 1970) is an American-Iranian singer, painter, graphic designer and setar player. She is daughter of Mohammad-Reza Shajarian.
Life
Mojgan Shajarian was born on 17 May 1970 in Tehran. She holds a bachelor's degree in painting and a master's degree in graphic communication from the Islamic Azad University, and also a bachelor's degree in music from the University of the Arts.
Shajarian is married to Mohammad Ali Rafiei, who was the concert director of Mohammad Reza Shajarian and later Homayoun Shajarian, and has a daughter named Mehr Rafiei and two twin sons named Sam and Sepehr.
Educational background
Learning setar with Mohammad-Reza Lotfi and Hossein Alizadeh in 1979
Learning radif with Parviz Meshkatian in 1981
Learning radif with Mehrabano Toufigh at the Tehran University of Art in 1989
Shahnaz group
Mohammad Reza Shajarian founded a music group in 2008 and named it Shahnaz in honor of Jalil Shahnaz (a famous tar player). Mohammad Reza Shajarian works with Mojgan Shajarian's daughters with this group.
Arghavan
Her first independent album was released in April 2019 under the name of Arghavan. This album was composed by Sorena Sefati. In this album, the poems of poets such as Hushang Ebtehaj, Mohammad-Reza Shafiei Kadkani and Hafez have been used. Mojgan Shajarian says about the name of this album: "The name Arghavan tells the story of the suffering of the people of our land, as well as those who have been forced to emigrate but have never taken root in their homeland." Regarding the restrictions on the release of music albums with women's voices in Iran, Mojgan Shajarian published a post on social media: "Due to the unjust laws governing our country, it is not possible to publish Arghavan's album, and for this reason, Arghavan is available for free on the Internet to those interested in Iran."
Artistic activity
Performing a concert with Sima Bina in 1991 in Tehran
Graphic design of the works of Mohammad-Reza Shajarian and Homayoun Shajarian since 1993
Solo and Vocal with Shajarian in a concert in London with Shahnaz Group (April 2010) (officially broadcast by BBC)
Setar playing in the concert of Mohammad-Reza Shajarian and Shahnaz Group in Dubai, Shahnaz Group Concert in Tehran, Rendan-e Mast and Morgh-e Khoshkhan
References
External links
Mojgan Shajarian on Spotify
20th-century Iranian women singers
Iranian setar players
Iranian women painters
Iranian graphic designers
1970 births
Living people
Singers from Tehran
21st-century Iranian women singers
Fairbanks is an unincorporated community in Fairbanks Township, Sullivan County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
The community is part of the Terre Haute Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Fairbanks was named after Sgt. Nathan Fairbanks, who was killed in September 1812 when his platoon of 12 soldiers was ambushed by a group of Indians just outside the town. The post office at Fairbanks has been in operation since 1878.
Geography
Fairbanks is located at . It is shown on the Fairbanks United States Geological Survey 7½° quadrangle.
References
Unincorporated communities in Sullivan County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Terre Haute metropolitan area
Xerojaale is a small town located the Western Mudug region of Somalia, between Galkayo and Galdogob District.
Populated places in Mudug
Raymond Ian Wilson (born 21 January 1945) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Wilson, a wingman, made his debut for Hawthorn in 1966 and won that season's best and fairest award. He played on the interchange bench in Hawthorn's 1971 Grand Final win over St Kilda.
Before being recruited by Hawthorn he had captained University Blacks in the Victorian Amateur Football Association to the B Grade premiership in 1964 and the A Grade premiership the following year.
His son, Tony Wilson, is a writer, broadcaster and compare.
References
External links
1945 births
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Hawthorn Football Club players
Hawthorn Football Club Premiership players
Peter Crimmins Medal winners
University Blacks Football Club players
Living people
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
One-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
The Nesbitts Are Coming is a British comedy television series which first aired on ITV in 1980.
Main cast
Clive Swift as Ernie Nesbitt
Maggie Jones as Mrs. Nesbitt
Deirdre Costello as Marlene Nesbitt
John Price as Len Nesbitt
Christian Rodska as Tom Nesbitt
Ken Jones as Detective Sergeant Arnold Nixon
Tony Melody as Station Sergeant Billy Machin
John Clive as PC Emlyn Harris
Patsy Rowlands as WPC Kitty Naylor
Arthur White as PC Crowther
References
Bibliography
Howard Maxford. Hammer Complete: The Films, the Personnel, the Company. McFarland, 2018.
External links
ITV sitcoms
1980 British television series debuts
1980 British television series endings
1980s British comedy television series
Television series by ITV Studios
Television series by Yorkshire Television
English-language television shows
Wulan (or Ulan) railway station () is a station on the Qinghai–Tibet Railway, in Ulan County, Qinghai province, China. The nearest village is Xireg.
See also
Qinghai–Tibet Railway
List of stations on Qinghai–Tibet railway
Stations on the Qinghai–Tibet Railway
Railway stations in Qinghai
Haixi Mongol and Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture
Heterakidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Ascaridida.
Genera
Genera:
Africana Travassos, 1920
Bufonerakis Baker, 1980
Cagourakis Petter, Chermette & Vassart, 1988
Haroldakis Inglis, 1991
Hatterianema Chabaud & Dollfus, 1966
Heterakis Dujardin, 1845
Kiwinema Inglis & Harris, 1990
Meteterakis Karve, 1930
Moaciria Teixeira de Freitas, 1956
Musserakis Hasegawa, Dewi & Asakawa, 2014-04
Neoheterakis Kumar & Thienpont, 1974
Odontoterakis Skrjabin & Schikhobalova, 1947
Pseudostrongyluris Guerrero, 1971
Spinicauda Travassos, 1920
Strongyluris Müller, 1894
References
Nematodes
Sybra apicefusca is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Breuning in 1950.
References
apicefusca
Beetles described in 1950
The Mid Ocean Club is a private 6,520 yard, 18-hole golf course in Tucker's Town, Bermuda. Designed by Charles Blair Macdonald in 1921, and originally built in collaboration with the Furness Bermuda Line. It was modified to its current design in 1953 by Robert Trent Jones. It is consistently placed highly among world courses and is ranked 45th by Golf Digest for courses outside the United States. The Mid Ocean Club hosted its second PGA Grand Slam of Golf in October 2008. Previously, the tournament had its home at Poipu Bay Golf Course in Hawaii.
The Mid Ocean Club has hosted George H. W. Bush, Winston Churchill, Dwight Eisenhower, and the Duke of Windsor. Some of the more well-known holes include the par-3 "Redan" 17th hole, the par-4 18th hole, as well as the signature par-4 5th.
Ian Fleming mentions the club in his James Bond short story Quantum of Solace, describing the course as a "fine links where all the quality play and get together at the club afterwards for gossip and drinks".
References
External links
Official site
PGA Grand Slam of Golf
Golf clubs and courses in Bermuda
Golf clubs and courses designed by Charles B. Macdonald
St. George's Parish, Bermuda
Hotels in Bermuda
Allocasuarina emuina, commonly known as the Emu Mountain sheoak, is a shrub of the genus Allocasuarina native to Queensland.
The shrub has a spreading habit that typically grows to a height have and has smooth bark. It has long wiry needle-like branchlets and their leaves are reduced to whorls of small triangular teeth which occur at regular intervals along the branchlets. The branchlets are up to long and go up the branch. The leaves are yellow-green in colour and usually have 6–8 teeth.
It has a limited distribution through a small area of south west Queensland across a linear range of between Beerburrum and Noosa on the Sunshine Coast. There were four known population with an estimated total number of 12,000 individuals in 1993.
The species was first described by the botanist Lawrence Alexander Sidney Johnson in 1989 in the work Casuarinaceae. Flora of Australia.
References
emuina
Flora of Queensland
Fagales of Australia
Plants described in 1989
The 21st People's Choice Awards, honoring the best in popular culture for 1994, were held on March 5, 1995, at Universal Studios Hollywood, in Universal City, California. They were hosted by Tim Daly and Annie Potts, and broadcast on CBS.
Ron Howard received a special award for his work in the motion picture and television industry.
Awards
Winners are listed first, in bold.
References
External links
1995 People's Choice.com
People's Choice Awards
1995 awards in the United States
People's Choice Awards
Vivien Creegor (born c. 1959) is an English television newscaster. From 1989 until 2006, she was one of the principal newsreaders on Sky News.
Broadcasting career
Creegor started her career as a secretary with the BBC and eventually became a production assistant for BBC Radio Drama and an abridger for the BBC Radio 4 programme, A Book at Bedtime. She became a newsreader on British television on BBC1 and BBC2 and on radio on BBC Radio 4: she was a main presenter on Points West during much of the 1980s.
In 1988, she joined the fledgling Sky News, eventually becoming the news anchor with Bob Friend. She remained at Sky until 2006, when she was released, according to the management, "to make way for new faces".
Other activities
Creegor has written several articles for the London Evening Standard and the Daily Mail and also worked for many years with the United Nations, frequently as a Goodwill Ambassador. In addition, for several years, she presented the Millennium Child of Achievement Forum.
In popular culture
After leaving Sky News, Creegor had a cameo role as a news reporter in the 2006 British-made movie Stormbreaker.
References
External links
Vivien Creegor's website
1959 births
British television presenters
Living people
Sky News newsreaders and journalists
Maganda pa ang Daigdig (officially translated as "The World Be Lovely Still"; the literal translation is "The World is Still Beautiful") is a Tagalog-language novel written by Filipino novelist Lázaro Francisco.
Plot
The novel is about Lino Rivera, a gardener, who lost faith in an "oppressive social system" in the Philippines. Lino was accused of committing robbery and homicide. Lino escapes from prison to live a life of a fugitive. He defended an “enlightened landlord” against the Hukbalahap of Central Luzon and against former guerrillas who were active during the Japanese occupation of the Philippines. Convinced by Colonel Roda, Padre Amando, among other "kindhearted people", Lino comes down from the mountain, turning his back from living the life of a fugitive.
Description
The novel first appeared as a serial in 1955 on the pages of Liwayway magazine. It was first published in book form by the Ateneo de Manila University Press in 1982. The 362-page novel was republished in 1989. In 1992, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) chose Maganda pa ang Daigdig as a less known literary work authored by a Filipino writer that has "high artistic merit" and "worthy of translation to introduce to an international readership".
See also
Sugat ng Alaala
References
External links
Maganda pa ang Daigdig By Lázaro Francisco at Google Books
Philippine novels
1982 novels
Political novels
Tagalog-language novels
Novels set in the Philippines
Imbrication 2: An Investigaton Into Documenting Change Systems the second split album by PGR/Thessalonians, released in 1988 by Angakok.
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the Imbrication 2: An Investigaton Into Documenting Change Systems liner notes.
Thessalonians
Kim Cascone – instruments, production, mixing
David Gardner – instruments
David James – instruments
Kurt Robinson – instruments
Larry Thrasher – instruments
Production and design
Jerry Beasley – engineering
Kathleen Cascone (as Kathleen Parker) – typography
Anthony Michael King (as AMK) – design
Leonard Marcel – mixing
Release history
References
External links
Imbrication 2: An Investigaton Into Documenting Change Systems at Discogs (list of releases)
1988 albums
Split albums
PGR (American band) albums
Thessalonians (band) albums
Alberto Dalbés (April 3, 1922 – September 14, 1983) was an Argentine film and television actor. He was known for his roles in Tender and Perverse Emanuelle (1973), The Erotic Rites of Frankenstein (1973) and Dracula, Prisoner of Frankenstein (1972).
Selected filmography
La juventud manda (1943)
Juan Moreira (1948)
Los secretos del buzón (1948)
Ellos nos hicieron así (1952)
La mejor del colegio (1953)
Una ventana a la vida (1953)
La voz de mi ciudad (1953)
The Age of Love (1954)
Más pobre que una laucha (1955)
Canario rojo (1955)
Vida nocturna (1955) - (uncredited)
Rosaura at 10 O'clock (1958) - David Réguel
El bote, el río y la gente (1960)
Vacanze in Argentina (1960)
El amor empieza en sábado (1961)
Carnival of Crime (1962) - Photographer
Su alteza la niña (1962) - Archiduque de Pomerania
Operación Embajada (1963) - Óscar Madroño
El sol en el espejo (1963) - Julio
El juego de la verdad (1963) - Pablo
Los muertos no perdonan (1963) - Antonio León
Fuera de la ley (1964)
El salario del crimen (1964) - Hermano de Elsa
Assassination in Rome (1965)
That Man in Istanbul (1965) - Thug
Espionage in Tangier (1965) - Rigo Orie
Vivir al sol (1965)
Secuestro en la ciudad (1965) - Ignacio Armengol
M.M.M. 83 (1966) - Renard
Fata Morgana (1966) - Álvaro
Ypotron - Final Countdown (1966) - Revel
Danger!! Death Ray (1967) - Carver
Another's Wife (1967) - Santiago
Amor en el aire (1967) - Pinto Rosado
Play-Boy (1967)
Un colpo da mille miliardi (1968)
Criminal Affair (1968) - Schwartz
100 Rifles (1969) - Padre Francisco
Las trompetas del apocalipsis (1969) - Albert Stone
A Quiet Place to Kill (1970) - Dr. Harry Webb
Prana (1970) - Julio
Helena y Fernanda (1970)
Les belles au bois dormantes (1970) - Philippe
The Devil Came from Akasava (1971) - Irving Lambert (uncredited)
La araucana (1971) - Fiscal
Cut-Throats Nine (1972) - Thomas Lawrence, 'Dandy Tom'
Maniac Mansion (1972) - Ernest
Dracula, Prisoner of Frankenstein (1972) - Doctor Jonathan Seward
Pancho Villa (1972) - Mendoza
Daughter of Dracula (1972) - Ptuschko / Inspector
Les démons (1973) - Thomas Renfield
Hunchback of the Morgue (1973) - Dr. Orla
The Erotic Rites of Frankenstein (1973) - Doctor Seward
Tender and Perverse Emanuelle (1973) - Gordon Douglas
Relax Baby (1973)
El misterio del castillo rojo (1973)
Un capitán de quince años (1974) - Vargas
Juegos de sociedad (1974) - Roque
Night of the Assassins (1974) - Major Oliver Brooks
¡Ya soy mujer! (1975) - Padre de Ana
L'uomo che sfidò l'organizzazione (1975) - Harry
Un silencio de tumba (1976) - Juan Ribas
Cuando Conchita se escapa, no hay tocata (1976)
Kiss Me Killer (1977) - Freddy Carter (uncredited)
Las desarraigadas (1977) - Sr. Riva-Medina
El terrorista (1978) - Aranda
To-dos me llaman 'Gato''' (1980) - Ruiz (final film role)
References
Bibliography
Mira, Alberto. The Cinema of Spain and Portugal''. Wallflower Press, 2005.
External links
1922 births
1983 deaths
Argentine male film actors
Argentine emigrants to Spain
People from Rosario, Santa Fe
Titus Leber (born 2 March 1951) is a writer and director of films based on classical music.
Biography
Titus Leber is an Austrian screenwriter and director of music feature films and is considered to be one of the creative pioneers of the transitional phase from the analogue to the digital age. Since the mid-eighties he has specialized in the design and production of large scale interactive cultural projects in Europe, Asia and Africa.
After attending the Lycée Français de Vienne, Titus Leber pursued studies in theatre, mass-media-communication and history of art at the University of Vienna (PhD in 1976 with a dissertation on "The Multi-layering method”, an attempt to explore the potential of superimposed imagery for visual thinking beyond verbal communication”).
From the age of 14, T. Leber began making experimental films that increasingly used the above-mentioned "multi-layering method", culminating in his multiple award-winning films "Kindertotenlieder ( “Songs on the Death of Children” - 1976, Austria's nominee for best short film for the Academy Award, Cannes Film Festival ), and “Schubert- Fremd bin ich eingezogen” (“Schubert- A Stranger I came”, 1978- Austrian National Award for filmmaking).
After a year at the American Film Institute in Hollywood, from where he graduated with a director's diploma in 1979, Leber returned to Austria to write and direct his first feature film, “Anima-Symphonie Fantastique" (1981) which was shown at the Official Selection at the 1981 Cannes Film Festival. (Hors compétition).
Endowed with an Erwin Schrödinger fellowship of the Austrian Academy of Sciences, T. Leber became from 1984-1985 a Research Fellow at the Center for Advanced Visual Studies (CAVS) at MIT's Center for Advanced Visual Studies. There he developed his "Image Reactor"®, an interactive Laser-Disc installation using complex permutative image-matrixes to simulate visual thinking. Early publications on artificial intelligence in the arts.
1985 Participation in the Biennale São Paulo with the installation "The Glassbead Game Installation”, show-casing an interactive game-like application consisting of a continuous flow of cross-related imagery.
Fascinated by the vision to interactively involve his audience in the exploration of the rich cultural heritage of his native Austria, he created between 1986 and 1990 the two landmark productions “Vienna Interactive” and “Mozart Interactive”. Created the company “Iconomics”.
Between 1991 and 1997 worked in Paris, where he made the HDTV 3D film "Les très Riches Heures du Louvre" in collaboration with UNESCO and the Louvre Museum, and developed the "Europe Interactive" project with IBM-Europe, which was then discontinued as part of the crisis that IBM went through in the mid-nineties. In 1995 Titus Leber designed the award-winning production "Le Monde de Pasteur" for the Pasteur Institute Paris and the production" 8 Historical Cities of Portugal for the Centro Nacional de Cultura, Lisboa. During that period he also served on the Board of Directors of the French film school La Fémis.
From 1997 - to 2008 he worked in Bangkok / Thailand, where he created the large scale interactive DVD production "What Did the Buddha Teach?- The life and teaching of Lord Buddha“ for the Mae Fah Luang Foundation, developed the opera feature film project "Parsifal- A Buddhist Tale” and served on the Board of Directors of the Bangkok Opera.
During this time he held in parallel a tenure as Professor at the Academy of Media Arts in Cologne (1997 to 1999) where he began experimentally superimposing entire feature films as part of the lecture series" The Dissociation Experiment".
In 2011, T. Leber got elected as a member of the European Cultural Parliament (ECP), whose representative to the African Union he is since 2021.
From 2009 to 2014 in Indonesia, where he was commissioned by the Indonesian government to direct and produce the multimedia project "Borobudur- Paths to Enlightenment", a comprehensive interactive exploration of one of the largest Buddhist Temples in the world. Publication of several relevant works.
In 2015 T. Leber founded the initiative "Africa Interactive" with the aim of bringing Africa's cultural heritage into cyberspace. Since then, numerous stays in West Africa as part of the related activities.
As of 2017 back in Vienna. Awarded with the professional title of "Professor" by the Federal President of the Republic of Austria.
2018 Appointment as member of the "European Academy of Sciences, Arts and Letters (AESAL).
2019-2022 Documentation of African cultural heritage in Austrian private collections in 3D. Foundation of the association " Mnemonics Digital - Interdisciplinary Study Society for Digital Humanism and World Cultural Heritage”.
Filmography
KINDERTOTENLIEDER (1976, 16mm, Color, 28 Min)
Producer, Script, Director, Editing, 2nd unit Camera.
Multiple- award-winning classical music-film, awarded among others with the “Espigia de Oro-Valladolid, Grand Prix Musique et Image-Paris, and the special award “Colombe d ́Art-Cannes. Austria´s Official Nominee for the Academy Awards in the category Short films.
SCHUBERT-A Stranger I Came (1978 16mm, Color, 65 Min)
Producer, Script, Director, Editing, 2nd unit Camera.
Cannes Film Festival: Selected by the “Semaine de la Critique” (Critic´s Week Section)Anima - Symphonie phantastique (1981, 35mm, Color, 85 Min).''
Script, Director, Editing. With Mathieu Carrière and Charo Lopez
Official Selection of the Cannes Film Festival 1981 (Hors Concours)
TV productions
SYMPHONY FROM THE NEW WORLD (Based on A. Dvorák's 9th Symphony, in collaboration with NASA), produced by ORF, 1985.
NUCLEAR REQUIEM: 1985 produced by ORF
Interactive Multimedia Productions
THE IMAGE REACTOR Created at the Center for Advanced Visual Studies at MIT 1985
VIENNA INTERACTIVE (1986). Distributed by Voyager in the US and Pioneer in Japan
MOZART INTERACTIVE (1991 und 2006)
THE GREAT LOUVRE (1993) (in HDTV, 3D- non-interactive)
THE WORLD of PASTEUR (1995)
Award for the best scientific CD-ROM of the Year by the International Association for Media in Science (IAMS)
8 HISTORICAL CITIES of PORTUGAL (1998)
WHAT DID THE BUDDHA TEACH? (2000, Commissioned by the Mae Fah Luang Foundation under Royal Patronage, Thailand)
BOROBUDUR- PATHS to ENLIGHTENMENT (2013, commissioned by the Government of Indonesia)
Publications
Selected Publications by Titus Leber:
-“The multilayer method or the “ Savage Image” in Artibus et Historiae, rivista internazionale di arti visive e cinema, Vol.1, No.1 (1980) pp 145–152, Libreria Commissionaria Sansoni ( LICOSA). Firenze
- “Visuelle Energetik / Visual Energetics” in “Artificial Intelligence in the Arts-Nr 1 “Brainworks”.pp 82–88, Steirischer Herbst, Graz, Herausgeber Richard Kriesche, 1985
- “Interactively Setting in Motion the Wheel of Law- Telling the Life and Philosophy of the Buddha: the Mural Paintings in the Temple of the Emerald Buddha in Bangkok” in “ Interactive Dramaturgies”- New Approaches in Multimedia Content and Design . pp 43–55. Herausg. Heide Hagebölling. Springer Verlag Berlin- Heidelberg, 2004
- “Von Monsalvat nach Angkor Wat- Parsifal- eine Buddhistische Legende” in “Wagner Weltweit”, Zeitschrift des Richard Wagner Verbandes e.V, Nr.41 , März 2004 ISSN 1618-3886, pp 45–51
- Lalitavistara- The Buddha´s Life as told on the Borobudur by Titus Leber. Published by PT. Taman Wisata Candi Borobudur, Prambanan and Ratu Boko ( Persero), Jakarta , 376 Seiten, 2011, ISBN 13-978-979-91-0331-4
- “Decoding Borobudur for Cyberspace” Written and conceived by Titus Leber, 139 pages. 2013. Published by PT. Taman Wisata Candi Borobudur, Prambanan and Ratu Boko ( Persero), Jakarta ISBN 978-602-98279-2-7
Selected Publications on Titus Leber:
- “Schichtungsmethode und Tiefenpsychologie” by Prof. Erwin Ringel in Artibus et Historiae, rivista internazionale di arti visive e cinema, Vol.1, No.1 (1980) pp 159–151, Libreria Commissionaria Sansoni ( LICOSA).Firenze.
- “Notizen zu den Über-Legungen in den Filmen von Titus Lebers “ Kindertotenliedern” (1975) und “Fremd bin ich eingezogen” (1978) by Dieter Wittich in Artibus et Historiae, rivista internazionale di arti visive e cinema, Vol.1, No.1 (1980) pp 153–158, Libreria Commissionaria Sansoni ( LICOSA).Firenze.
- “Un virtuose du surimpressionisme- Titus Leber” par Henriette Dujarric- in “ Le Technicien du Film”, 1979. p. 1
- “Anima ( Austrian - Color) Variety, 3. Juni 1981
- “Anima- Symphonie Fantastique - Ein Film von Titus Leber” von Ilse Mirnig. In: Harlekin 1982, dritter Jahrgang. Das Harlekin Magazin. Postfach 605166, 2000 Hamburg 60
- “Die schöne Kinowelt des Doktor Leber”- Der “Anima”-Regisseur brachte Österreich zum Festival nach Cannes”. Von Ditta Rudle in: Die Presse 23/24 Mai 1983
- “Die Zeitmaschine”- Interview in Skytec- Magazin 04/89
- “Touch me Amadeus” in: Skytech Mai 1991
- “Auf dem Weg zur multimedialen Enzyklopädie- Edutainment auf Bildplatte- Die Zukunft der Bildung?” von Walter Weiss in “Neue Zürcher Zeitung” 3.12.1993
- “The World of Interactive “Edutainment” in “ International Herald Tribune”, March 8, 1993
- “History for the Interactive Generation- Filmmaker Titus Lebers $ 12 Million Eurodisc Project, backed in part by IBM, will transform History for the Video Generation” in: International Business Week, May 24, 1993
- “Virtual Buddha- A new CD Rom Triptych explores the life and meaning of the Lord Buddha” by Wanphen Sreshtaputra .In: Bangkok Post, Section Outlook”, 2.Dezember 2000
- “Cornelia Szabó-Knotik: Titus Leber. In: Oesterreichisches Musiklexikon. Online-Ausgabe, Vienna 2002 ff., ISBN 3-7001-3077-5; Druckausgabe: Band 3, Verlag der Österreichischen Akademie der Wissenschaften, Vienna 2004, ISBN 3-7001-3045-7.
- “When Technology serves Spirituality - Multimedia film-maker Titus Leber shares his passion for spreading Buddha´s message through technology” by Vasana Chinvarakorn. In: Bangkok Post, Section Outlook, 28.Dezember 2010
- “Entdeckungsreisen mit Diderot 2.0” von Walter Weiss. In: Wiener Zeitung-Extra, 27-28.2.2021
References
External links
Website
Mozart Interactive
Sensing the visual by Ania Gleich.@ Skug Musikkultur
King of Digital Innovation: From “What did the Buddha teach to Borobudur” A Keynotes Speech by Prof. Titus Leber, Austrian Film Producer at International Peace Conference on 26 September 2017 at the UNESCO
Borobudur - Paths to Enlightenment-Bringing the largest Buddhist Temple to cyberspace.
Schubert- A Stranger I Came on youtube.
Titus Leber in the Internet Movie Database.
Austrian film directors
German-language film directors
Titus Leber
Living people
1951 births
Search () is a South Korean television series starring Jang Dong-yoon, Krystal Jung, Moon Jeong-hee, Yoon Park and Lee Hyun-wook. It follows the story of the ruthless attack of an unknown creature in the Korean Demilitarized Zone, and the search operation of elite special force to uncover the truth. It aired on OCN from October 17 to November 15, 2020, every Saturday and Sunday at 22:30 (KST). The series is available for streaming with multi-languages subtitles on iQIYI in South East Asia, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan.
Synopsis
Search is a military thriller drama which takes place in the demilitarized zone (DMZ) and tells the story of a specialized search party that forms to uncover the truth behind mysterious disappearance and murder cases.
Cast and characters
Main
Jang Dong-yoon as Yong Dong-jin
Yong Dong-jin is a sergeant and special military dog handler who follows the traces of the enemy. He was selected as the first soldier of the army's elite warrior in the search battalion, and is currently waiting for the date of his discharge. Before receiving the national call, he also had a history of volunteering abroad at a Korean-American animal protection group on the veterinary road. When it is decided to send a reconnaissance and pursuit dog to the Choi Jeong-ye special lease, he joins the search team as the youngest member. He is in charge of Korea's best military dog.
Krystal Jung as Son Ye-rim
First Lieutenant Son Ye-rim is a senior lieutenant and an elite officer from the Women's University School Corps, and is currently an officer at the KCST Command Center. As a school district candidate, she ranked first in the appointment grade with her superior skills. She was the first to be put into service when a situation occurred in the DMZ GP. At the special assignment, where she joins as a special officer, she meets her ex-boyfriend Yong Dong-jin again.
Moon Jeong-hee as Kim Da-jeong
Kim Da-jeong is a special officer who protects the DMZ. She is the former Team Leader of the Special Forces' 709 Special Squadron Women's Company anti-terrorism unit and is currently the contract commentator at the DMZ Memorial Hall. She has a husband and a daughter, and they live together in Chengong-ri, the only civilian-occupied village within the DMZ. However, when an incident occurs near the DMZ, Da-jeong was keen to protect her family and the villagers.
Yoon Park as Song Min-gyu
Captain Song Min-gyu is Hwasaeng Defense Command's best elite officer with full specs. He was scheduled to be appointed as an operation officer at the headquarters of the Army after passing the rank of major with the highest rating, but becoming a military prosecutor suspect who is caught in an unsavory case and undergoes military trial. On the way of life and death, Song is selected as the leader of the North Star and gets the last chance. To get out of the crisis, he must succeed in this operation, but he has another reason to return to the demilitarized zone.
Lee Hyun-wook as Lee Joon-sung
First Lieutenant Lee Joon-sung is affiliated with a commando regiment that conducts special warfare directly under the command corps. While attending university, he was transferred to the military academy and received the Presidential Award. A case breaks out in the DMZ, and he is selected as the deputy team leader of the special mission team. He unites the special lease into one with his unique gentle leadership, but engages in a subtle nervous war with Captain Song, who focuses only on the success of the operation.
Supporting
Special Polaris Mission Unit
Lee Ha-yul as Park Ki-hyung
Sergeant First Class Park Ki-hyung is an active duty sergeant who has is the third generation soldier in his family. He was supposed to get married but was assigned to the operation in the DMZ as a sniper.
Choi Yoon-je as Staff Sergeant Ju Moon-chul
1997 Operation of the DMZ
Yoo Sung-joo as Lee Hyuk
Chairman of the National Defense Commission and National Assemblyman. He is running for the presidential elections.
Choi Deok-moon as Han Dae-sik
Han Dae-sik is the Commander of the Armed Forces of the Ministry of Defense of the Republic of Korea. He has risen to the present position by surviving a gunfight with the North Korean military in the DMZ in 1997, but suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder due to the shock of that accident. When a situation arises in the DMZ, he instructs Captain Song on a secret mission.
Yeon Woo-jin as Captain Jo Min-gook
Commander of the 1997 Search Operation in the DMZ.
Chengong-ri village people
Lee Soon-won as Chun Min-jae, Da-jeong's husband and Su-yeong's father.
Park Da-yeon as Chun Su-yeong, Da-jeong and Min-jae's 10-year-old daughter. A cheerful girl who is good at running and likes Sergeant Yong Dong-jin very much.
Kim In-woo as Director Baek, the director of Chengong-ri Health Center.
Min Chae-yeon as Nurse Chae
Others
Kim Ho-jung as Yong Hee-ra, Yong Dong-jin's mother, she runs a restaurant.
Yoon Young-min as Lab Director Moon Ji-won, researcher at the KCST Command Center.
Production
Development
On October 25, 2019, OCN's marketing chief Choi Kyung-joo announced during the channel's "Thriller House" press conference that Search would be among the 11 television series which would air in 2020. Search is the fourth installment of OCN's "Dramatic Cinema" project (which combines film and drama formats), following Trap (2019), Hell Is Other People (2019) and Team Bulldog: Off-Duty Investigation (2020). It is also the first project of its newly launched OCN Studio division and South Korea's first military thriller drama set in the Korean Demilitarized Zone.
Casting
On November 29, 2019, it was reported that Jang Dong-yoon had been offered the role of Yong Dong-jin. On January 16, 2020, Krystal Jung and her agency SM Entertainment confirmed that she would play Son Ye-rim. Moon Jeong-hee officially joined the main cast on January 30. On February 13, OCN confirmed the series' final lineup with the addiction of Yoon Park and Lee Hyun-wook. The first script reading took place in April 2020.
Filming
The series is entirely pre-produced; filming was completed in August 2020. According to director Lim Dae-woong, actors playing soldiers filmed some scenes with "over 20 kilograms of military gear on" in midsummer. Lim also mentioned that "real newspaper articles and news broadcasts" were sometimes used during filming, and that they "tried to make the clothes and equipment realistic too" though they could not "actually go [to the DMZ] to film."
Release
The first teaser, featuring Jang Dong-yoon and Krystal Jung, was released on April 27, 2020. On September 14, OCN released two posters featuring the main cast and the phrase "a fear that no one has ever seen," which announced that the series would premiere on October 17.
Ratings
International broadcast
The series is available on iQIYI with multi-languages subtitles in South East Asia, Taiwan, Hongkong, and Macau.
References
External links
(in Korean)
Search on iQIYI
OCN television dramas
Korean-language television shows
2020 South Korean television series debuts
2020 South Korean television series endings
South Korean military television series
South Korean mystery television series
South Korean thriller television series
Korean Demilitarized Zone in fiction
Television series about the Republic of Korea Armed Forces
South Korean pre-produced television series
Lake Alaotra (, ; ) is the largest lake in Madagascar, located in Alaotra-Mangoro Region and on the island's northern central plateau. Its basin is composed of shallow freshwater lakes and marshes surrounded by areas of dense vegetation. It forms the center of the island's most important rice-growing region. It is a rich habitat for wildlife, including some rare and endangered species, as well as an important fishing ground. Lake Alaotra and its surrounding wetlands cover , and include a range of habitats, including open water, reedbeds, marshes, and rice paddies. The lake itself covers . Lake Alaotra was declared a wetland of international importance under the international Ramsar Convention on February 2, 2003.
The longfin tilapia (Oreochromis macrochir) was introduced into Lake Alaotra from the mainland in 1954 and proliferated quickly. By 1957, it provided 46% of the catch, perhaps because it was moving into an empty ecological niche as a phytophagous species.
The fertile plain surrounding Lake Alaotra is Madagascar's most important rice-producing region. The hills surrounding the lake were formerly forested but have mostly been cleared for farmland in past decades. Severe erosion on these vulnerable hill slopes has caused considerable sedimentation of the lake, which is fast disappearing; the lake is now only deep during the dry season. Pressure to create more rice fields has also led locals to burn the reedbeds surrounding the lake. These reedbeds provide the sole habitat of the endemic Alaotra gentle lemur (Hapalemur griseus alaotrensis). The Alaotra gentle lemur is now limited to only of remaining reedbeds, and in recent years, its population rapidly declined by 60%, from about 7,500 individuals in 1994 to 3,000 in 2001, mostly from habitat loss, but also from hunting by local villagers.
The lake is the type locaity of the butterfly Artitropa alaotrana and an important but increasingly threatened habitat for waterbirds, including the endangered Meller's duck (Anas melleri). Two waterbird species were endemic to northern Madagascar, the Madagascar pochard (Aythya innotata) and the Alaotra grebe (Tachybaptus rufolavatus). The Madagascar pochard is now critically endangered and no longer found on the lake, although very small numbers exist elsewhere. The Alaotra grebe was declared extinct in 2010. The area of the lake may have been its only habitat.
The Ambato River provides the lake with water and also drains it. After 381 km, the river flows into the Indian Ocean.
References
External links
The GRAP-Lake Alaotra project
Madagascar Pochard is endemic to Madagascar, where it was found historically in the Lake Alaotra basin
Project Alaotra by Madagascar Wildlife Conservation
Lakes of Madagascar
Ramsar sites in Madagascar
Toamasina Province
Rift lakes
Vaux is an impact crater in the Oxia Palus quadrangle of Mars. It was named by the IAU in 1976 after Vaux, a town in France.
Vaux lies within Ares Vallis.
References
Impact craters on Mars
Oxia Palus quadrangle
Poikkaal Kuthirai Aattam (poi - False, kaal - leg, Kuthirai – Horse) or Puravi Aattam (Tamil:பொய்க்கால் குதிரை ஆட்டம்) (Dummy Horse Dance) is one of the folk dances of Tamil Nadu. It is a type of dance performed with a dummy horse having a gap inside so that a person can fit into it to perform the dance.
Materials
The dummy figure of a horse's body is made of light-weighted materials (jute, cardboard, paper, and glass), and the cloth at the sides of the dummy swings to and fro covering the legs of the dancer. The dancers tie wooden legs to their feet so that sound is evoked when they are tapped on the floor, which sound like the hooves of the horse. The dancer brandishes either a sword or a whip.
Performers
This folk dance needs much training and skill to perform. The show is performed by men as well as women. This artistic performance is generally arranged during religious festivals and provides entertainment to the masses.
Background music
This dance is rendered to the accompaniment of music such as clarionet, drum, south Indian folk dance instruments such as Kundalam, Naiyaandi Melam, Thavil, Nadhaswaram, Pambai and Thalam.
Performance
This artistic performance is connected to the worship of Ayyanar and prevails mainly around Thanjavur. This dance is performed by a pair of dancers impersonating a king and queen. Sometimes, they indulge in acrobatics and they entertain the folk for hours together. The dummy-horse show is one of the main attractions in the republic day festivities at New Delhi and folk artists are sent from Tamil Nadu every year to perform this show.
Alternate view
Recent research on poikaal Kuthirai dance dispelled the myth that this art is ancient and of Maratha origin.
References
Folk dances of Tamil Nadu
Rejaul Karim Laskar is an Indian politician from the state of Assam belonging to the Indian National Congress. He is a Congress ideologue and has written extensively on the policies of the United Progressive Alliance governments. He is also a prominent author and scholar of India's foreign policy and diplomacy.
He served in the capacity of Observer (Minority Department) to the India Congress Committee in Meghalaya, Nagaland and Mizoram. He is also former Spokesperson of Assam Pradesh Congress Committee and former Secretary of AICC Vichar Vibhag (the Intellectual Department of the India Congress Committee).
Activities as a Congress Ideologue
As an ideologue of the Congress party, Laskar has written extensively to popularize the foreign policy of the Congress party led UPA Government. He asserts that "the ultimate objective" of the foreign policy of the UPA Government has been "to shape India's external environment" in a way that enhances India's security and brings about its "rapid, sustainable and inclusive" economic growth. He claims that by means of an "enlightened" foreign policy, carried out through "dynamic and effective" diplomacy, the UPA Government has “successfully promoted” India's interests on a “broad range of issues, including trade, development, economic recovery, climate change, energy security and counterterrorism”.
Laskar argues that the UPA government has successfully removed the "imbalance" which was allegedly brought in by the previous NDA government in India's foreign policy. He observes that while the foreign policy of the UPA government has been "firmly committed" to India's "core national values", the government has, at the same time, pursued a strategy of "dynamic adaptation" to changes in India's external environment.
Laskar is a strong supporter of the Indo-US nuclear agreement concluded by the UPA Government led by Dr. Manmohan Singh and the G. W. Bush administration and claims that the agreement is the first step for India to become a part of the management of the global nuclear order in particular and that of the new world order in general. He terms this agreement as a "diplomatic masterstroke" of the UPA Government, which has put India on the "path of becoming a privileged member" of the global nuclear order from that of being a "victim of discrimination" by the same regime. In fact, he claims that "nuclear diplomacy" of the UPA government has been the "most brilliant component" of UPA government's diplomacy. He argues that UPA Government's "nuclear diplomacy" has ensured that India gets international recognition as a "responsible state with advanced nuclear technology" in addition to bringing to an end the "three decades of technology denial to India".
Laskar also claims that the UPA government has made "great strides" in India's Look East policy and at the same time ensured that this policy "contributes substantially" to India's national interest-both economic and security.
As regards neighborhood policy, Laskar argues that the UPA Government's diplomacy strived for a "stable, prosperous, democratic and peaceful neighborhood" by means of "sustained political engagement, economic partnership, enhanced connectivity, developmental assistance and people-to-people contacts".
On economic diplomacy of the UPA Government, Laskar argues that the factors which helped India to be largely unharmed by the financial crisis of 2007–2008 include not only the good management of the domestic economy by the government but also the success of the UPA government's diplomacy in "maintaining an external environment" conducive to India's "sustained economic growth”.
Laskar has also written on foreign policies of previous Congress governments of India. On the foreign policy of India's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru, Laskar argues that the adoption of the policy of Non-alignment and its "deft implementation" by Nehru has "secured" for India "a leadership role in world affairs" although India was neither major economic power nor a major military power at that time. On Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi's foreign policy, Laskar maintains that former's neighbourhood policy was based on the belief that "the pre-eminent position" of India in South Asia gives it "unique and special responsibilities" for the maintenance of peace and stability in the region.
He is also a critique of the foreign policy of the AB Vajpayee led NDA Government that ruled India from 1998 to 2004. Apart from foreign policy, he has also written on other policy initiatives of the UPA Government such as the MGNREGA, Direct Benefit Transfer as well as its other economic and social policies. He is also a critique of the economic policies of the Narendra Modi led NDA Government. He is a staunch supporter of Rahul Gandhi, who he says, is "giving voice to the youth in decision-making".
Recent Developments
In October 2016, Laskar was entrusted by the Minority Department of All India Congress Committee to develop a strategy for attracting religious minorities (Christians, Muslims, Buddhists, etc.) belonging to the North East region of India towards the Congress party. In April 2017, he submitted his 148-page report containing detailed recommendations to the AICC.
In May 2017, Laskar was appointed as All India Congress Committee (AICC) Minority Department's Observer for Meghalaya, Nagaland and Mizoram. On 15 October 2017, Laskar submitted his "interim report" to the AICC. He will submit his final report to the AICC in January 2018 for Meghalaya and Nagaland and in October 2018 for Mizoram.
Earlier in February 2017, Laskar was appointed as the Observer of AICC Minority Department for Manipur Legislative Assembly elections to coordinate the election campaign in the 60 Assembly constituencies of the Indian state of Manipur. On 9 April 2017, he submitted his report on the Manipur elections to the AICC.
Recently, Laskar has been very vocal about alleged harassment of religious minorities, especially Christians, in India and alleged attacks on Churches. He has also been vocal about what he terms as "discrimination meted out by the Modi Government against the minorities". He has also criticized the Presidential candidate of NDA Ram Nath Kovind over his alleged remark terming Islam and Christianity as alien. He is a critic of the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016, which, he claims, can change the demography of sparsely populated states of Northeast India such as Meghalaya, Nagaland and Mizoram. He claims that the BJP is "dreaming" about coming to power in Meghalaya with the support of NPP. However, he claims that BJP-NPP alliance will not succeed in Meghalaya. He even claims that the BJP's increased profile in Meghalaya will actually indirectly benefit the Congress. Laskar is known for his good relations with the Church leaders of North East India. Recently, Laskar has been working in close cooperation with Meghalaya Chief Minister Mukul Sangma.
Laskar-Lotha "Debate"
In response to the allegations of corruption against him by the National Secretary of BJP Scheduled Tribe Morcha Hayithung Bill Lotha, Meghalaya Chief Minister Mukul Sangma threatened to take legal action against Lotha. In response, Lotha dared Mukul Sangma for a five hour long "open debate". Immediately, Laskar came to the defence of Chief Minister Mukul Sangma asking Lotha to debate with him for ten hours on the policies of BJP and the Congress on tribals and minorities instead of the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma. Laskar argued that the Chief Ministe Mukul Sangma should not be distracted from his "work of development of the state". In response, Lotha said that he is ready for a two day long debate with Laskar on the condition that the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma also joins the debate on the third day. Laskar accepted Lotha's challenge of 48 hour long debate on the policies of BJP and the Congress on tribals and minorities but rejected the condition that the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma joins the debate arguing that Mukul Sangma is a "Man of Action".
See also
Laskar Committee Report
References
Indian National Congress politicians
Indian National Congress politicians from Assam
21st-century Indian politicians
Indian political writers
Foreign policy writers
Indian foreign policy writers
Scholars of Indian foreign policy
Scholars of diplomacy
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
The United States House of Representatives elections in California, 1982 was an election for California's delegation to the United States House of Representatives, which occurred as part of the general election of the House of Representatives on November 2, 1982. California gained two seats, both of which were won by Democrats, as a result of the 1980 Census, and Democrats picked up three Republican-held districts.
Overview
Separate elections
One special election was held apart from those in November. The elected winner would serve the remainder of the incumbent Congress and face re-election in November.
Results
Final results from the Clerk of the House of Representatives:
District 1
District 2
District 3
District 4
District 5
District 6
District 7
District 8
District 9
District 10
District 11
District 12
District 13
District 14
District 15
District 16
District 17
District 18
District 19
District 20
District 21
District 22
District 23
District 24
District 25
District 26
District 27
District 28
District 29
District 30
District 31
District 32
District 33
District 34
District 35
District 36
District 37
District 38
District 39
District 40
District 41
District 42
District 43
District 44
District 45
See also
98th United States Congress
Political party strength in California
Political party strength in U.S. states
1982 United States House of Representatives elections
References
California Elections Page
Office of the Clerk of the House of Representatives
External links
California Legislative District Maps (1911-Present)
RAND California Election Returns: District Definitions
1982
United States House of Representatives
California
Demaine is a hamlet in the southwest Coteau Hills region of Saskatchewan, Canada.
History
Demaine was named after Frank Demaine who settled in the region in the early 1900s with several other families.
Geography
Demaine is in the Rural Municipality of Victory No. 226.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Demaine had a population of 20 living in 13 of its 17 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of 25. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
References
Designated places in Saskatchewan
Organized hamlets in Saskatchewan
Victory No. 226, Saskatchewan
Sulge may refer to:
Sulge (Uchagaon), a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka, India
Sulge (Yellur), a separate village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka, India
There were several independent candidates in the 1988 Canadian federal election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found on this page.
Manitoba
Gerry West Winnipeg—Transcona
West was a sales representative. He received 156 votes (0.37%), finishing fifth against New Democratic Party incumbent Bill Blaikie.
Nova Scotia
Rik Gates, Annapolis Valley-Hant
Gates was a student at Acadia University. He received 200 votes (0.43%), finishing fifth against Progressive Conservative Party of Canada incumbent Pat Nowlan.
References
The National Prize for Education Sciences () was created in 1979 and is awarded every two years, in accordance with Law 19169 of 1992. It is part of the National Prize of Chile granted by the Ministry of Education.
The jury electing the winner is formed by the Minister of Education, the Rector of the University of Chile, the last awardee, and two professors appointed by the Council of Rectors among the universities that deliver the Bachelor of Science in Education. The floating members of the jury are announced in the month of July of the year of the contest.
The prize consists of a diploma, a cash prize of about 17 million pesos () and a lifetime pension of 20 (approximately US$1,600).
Winners
1979, Roberto Munizaga Aguirre
1981,
1983, Luis Gómez Catalán
1985, José Valentín Herrera González
1987, Marino Pizarro Pizarro
1989, Eliodoro Cereceda Arancibia
1991, Viola Soto Guzmán
1993, Ernesto Livacic
1995,
1997, Gabriel Castillo Inzulza
1999, Patricio Cariola Barroilhet
2001, Hernán Vera Lamperein
2003, Mabel Condemarín
2005, Héctor Gutiérrez Muñoz
2007, Ernesto Schiefelbein Fuenzalida
2009,
2011,
2013,
2015,
2017, Abraham Magendzo Kolstrein
References
External links
1979 establishments in Chile
Awards established in 1979
Chilean awards
Education in Chile
Khalid Mahmood is a Pakistani civil servant and the former chairman of the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) between 1998 and 1999. He 1967 batch of Central Superior Services. He has also served as the provincial ombudsman of the Punjab, Pakistan.
He was removed from the office after Pakistani defeat in 1999 Cricket World Cup.
References
Place of birth missing (living people)
Pakistan Cricket Board Presidents and Chairmen
Pakistani civil servants
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
In the computer hacking scene of the 1980s, demon dialing was a technique by which a computer was used to repeatedly dial a number (usually to a crowded modem pool) in an attempt to gain access immediately after another user had hung up. The expansion of accessible internet service provider connectivity since that time has rendered the practice more or less obsolete.
A similar technique was sometimes used to get the first call for prizes in radio "call-in" shows, thus leading to the adoption of random "fifth caller," "seventeenth caller" etc. by radio stations to circumvent this practice.
The term "demon dialing" derives from the Demon Dialer product from Zoom Telephonics, Inc., a telephone device produced in the 1980s which repeatedly dialed busy telephone numbers under control of an extension phone. The emergence of affordable consumer telephony devices with advanced features such as last number redial and preprogrammed numbers paralleled phone industry deregulation and the Breakup of the Bell System in the early 1980s. While Speed dial technology had been invented nearly a decade earlier by Bell Labs, it did not become a consumer product until deregulation. Previously, connecting non-AT&T handsets was generally prohibited and most phones were leased devices (similar to residential broadband routers). By putting its functionally in a line-connected appliance rather than a handset, the Demon Dialer device could be configured to provide speed dialing to all extensions within a residence through touch tone control.
"Demon dialing" was popularized by the movie WarGames, which demonstrates the hacking technique (the technique eventually evolves into a technique called "phreaking"). After giving the program an area code and 3 digit prefixes, the program then serially dialed every phone number in that prefix in order, recording which phone numbers were answered by a computer modem. Soon after, most likely because it was popularized by the movie, serial dialing was outlawed. Hackers got around this by simply randomizing the order the program dialed all the numbers. Later the terms "demon dialing" and "war dialing" became synonymous.
Similar technologies
Automatic redial is essentially exactly the same thing, but for modems, and included in most telecommunications programs that use modems, including all variants of Dial-up networking ever included in the Windows operating system.
References
Telephony
Jovan Spasic (7 September 1909 in Leskovac – 9 April 1981 in Rovinj) represented Yugoslav as a goalkeeper.
Before playing football, he worked as a stone worker in Leskovac SK Momcilo. From 1929, he played for Belgrade SK, making 281 appearances, letting in 403 goals. He played there until 1938. For the Yugoslavia national football team he made 15 appearances. He made his debut for Yugoslavia on 15 March 1931 against Greece (4–1) in Belgrade, and the played his last match on 12 July 1936 against Turkey (3–3) in Istanbul.
After World War II he worked as a coach in Mačva from Sabac and Belgrade for several clubs, and at one time led the team deaf.
External links
1909 births
1981 deaths
Sportspeople from Leskovac
Serbian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Yugoslavia international footballers
Arthur H. Westing (July 18, 1928 – April 30, 2020) was an American ecologist. He was a longtime researcher at the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute.
Biography
Westing was born in Brooklyn, New York on July 18, 1928, to Dr. Siegfried W. Westing and Paula (Riesenfeld) Westing. Growing up in Brooklyn, he was an Eagle Scout, which instilled in him a love for nature and the environment. Westing then graduated from Columbia University in 1950 with a B.A. in botany and served in the United States Marine Corps during the Korean War. He returned to the United States after the war and earned his master's degree in forestry and doctorate in plant physiology and ecology from Yale University.
Westing taught at a number of academic institutions, including Purdue University, Middlebury College, Hampshire College, Windham College, and the University of Massachusetts Amherst. He received a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1973.
From 1975 to 1987, Westing was a member of the research staff of the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. His research focused on the military impact of the environment and was considered an expert in the field of environmental security. He also worked for Peace Research Institute Oslo from 1988 to 1990, where he worked on his project on ‘Peace, Security, and Environment' funded by the United Nations Environment Programme. He was a visiting professor at the European Peace University and Durham University.
Westing died on April 30, 2020, in Shelburne, Vermont.
References
1928 births
2020 deaths
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Yale School of Forestry & Environmental Studies alumni
Purdue University faculty
University of Massachusetts Amherst faculty
Middlebury College faculty
Hampshire College faculty
American ecologists
People from Brooklyn
Tungussko-Chunsky district was a former district (raion) of the former Evenk Autonomous Okrug which was merged into Krasnoyarsk Krai on 1 January 2007.
Location
Tungussko-Chunsky district was located in the south-east of the Evenk Autonomous Okrug. The total area of the district was 111,600km2 - the district's length from west to east at the widest point was 340 kilometres, and from north to south was 540 kilometres.
When the district was created, the administrative centre was the village of Strelka-Chunya. However, in 1935, the administrative centre was changed to the village of Vanavara. The reason for the change was the distance of Strelka-Chunya from the district's main waterway, Podkammenoy Tunguski, which caused difficulties in communication with other settlements in the district.
The district contained 5 settlements (postal codes in brackets):
The village of Vanavara (648490) - population 2,943
The village of Mutoray (648483) - population 90
The village of Oskoba (648484) - population 13
The village of Strelka-Chunya (648482) - population 184
The village of Chemdalsk (648481) - population 51
The distances of the other settlements from Vanavara vary between 160 kilometres and 200 kilometres.
History
In 1908, before the creation of the district, the area which it later controlled was the epicentre of the Tunguska event.
Population
The population of the town and 9 settlements of the former district (since 1939) were:
1939: 1,869
1959: 2,229
1970: 2,037
1979: 2,547
1989: 6,346
2002: 3,709
2010: 3,479
References
Krasnoyarsk Krai
Evenk Autonomous Okrug
Alonizing is a diffusion metallizing process in that it is a thermochemical treatment that involves enriching the surface layer of an object with one or more metallic elements. Specifically, alonizing is the diffusion of aluminum into the surface of a base metal through high temperature vapors. The types of metals that can be alonized include all types of wrought and cast steels (i.e. plain carbon and low alloy grades, ferritic and austenitic steels, highly alloyed nickel-chromium steels, etc.). This process results in an alloy with the surface properties of aluminum while retaining the base metal's inherent strength and rigidity. Therefore, alonizing does not change the high-temperature mechanical properties of the base metal, which is the advantage of alonizing over simply creating an aluminum alloy (aluminizing the surface versus aluminum throughout the alloy).
Process
The process consists of first placing the metal in an airtight vessel, called a retort. The metal is then encircled by a blend of aluminum powders. The retort is then closed and placed in a pressure-controlled kiln. At the elevated temperatures (typically greater than 300 °C, usually between 700 and 1100 °C) of the kiln, the aluminum is in its liquid phase and diffuses into the surface of the metal and forms an alloy with the substrate. This alloy usually contains a minimum of 20 percent aluminum. Conventional case depth for carbon and alloy steel is 0.0127-0.0508 centimeters, and for stainless and nickel base alloys is 0.00508-0.0254 centimeters.
After cooling, the metal is removed from the retort and from the excess powder. At this point, additional secondary operations are performed as needed. This process ensures uniform alloy protection over the entire surface of the base metal.
Purpose
The purpose of the alonizing process is to improve the base metal's heat and corrosion resistance by providing a protective diffusion layer of aluminum alloyed with the base metal at the surface. This layer remains effective at all temperatures up to the melting point of the base metal. Since the layer created is an alloy with the base metal, the layer cannot be removed without a machining process.
The protective diffusion layer provides the following corrosion protection properties:
Sulfidation Resistance – protection from hydrogen sulfide, hyposulfurous, and sulfurous acid attack
Oxidation Resistance – aluminum oxide forms stable coating
Carburization Resistance – resists carbon diffusion
Hydrogen Permeation – reduces rate of hydrogen diffusion
The reason aluminum is used to form the alloy is because it is very corrosion resistant itself. When oxygen is present, aluminum reacts to form an aluminum oxide layer, which is chemically bound to the surface and seals the core aluminum from any further reaction. Therefore, diffusing aluminum into a base metal increases its corrosion resistance. However, the alloys formed are extremely variable because they vary not only in the types of metals being alonized, but also in the amount of time spent alonizing and hence the time allotted for aluminum to diffuse into the surface (resulting in varying percentages of aluminum in the resulting alloys). The type of metal that should be chosen for the alonized process depends on the desired application, since the resulting alloy retains similar properties of the base metal, including temperature it can withstand, strength, ductility, its own corrosion properties, etc. Though corrosion protection properties are gained, the chemicals and gases that typically corrode aluminum are not resisted. The amount of time spent alonizing also depends on the desired application considering the amount of corrosion resistance desired to gain versus some of the negative effects that can come with aluminum including softness, brittleness, and precipitation.
Applications
Alonized materials are used most commonly in tubing and piping utilized in corrosive environments. These types of tubing and piping include furnace tubes, reformer tubes, heat exchanger tubes, waste gas heater tubes, line pipe and downhole tubes for wells and production vessels, sulphur condensers and piping used in oil and chemical production and power generation and wrought metal products, bars, rods, plates and sheets, panels, waterwell panels, and wire screens and metal castings by adding aluminum or aluminum and silicon corrosion and erosion preventive diffusion coatings.
References
Metals
Skeleton Repelent is the fourth solo album by American indie hip hop artist Doseone. It was released in 2007. The album features contributions from Dan Boeckner of Wolf Parade.
Track listing
You Circa You - 3:27
Win It Off II - 2:29
Tar Of Day - 5:33
Death Death Death - 2:14
The Line In The Cold (featuring Dan Boeckner) - 3:33
Hardest Laugh - 2:39
The Great Compromise - 7:53
Mom - 3:36
Hell Of January - 2:37
Overchoiced (featuring Dan Boeckner) - 3:18
References
2007 albums
Doseone albums
John Joughin is the ex Vice-Chancellor of the University of East London.
See also
List of Chancellors and Vice-Chancellors of British universities
References
Academics of the University of East London
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Pueblo Catholic High School was a Catholic high school in Pueblo, Colorado, under the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pueblo.
The school closed in 1971.
The first Catholic school in Pueblo opened on Michigan Street in 1875 as St. Patrick High School, it was renamed in 1935 to Pueblo Catholic High. In 1950 A new Pueblo Catholic High School building was completed on Lake Avenue.
References
1971 disestablishments in Colorado
Educational institutions disestablished in 1971
South Sydney High School is a public school located in Maroubra, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. Established in 1953 as a boys high school, it is today a co-educational high school operated by the New South Wales Department of Education for students from years 7 through 12. It primarily serves those coming from South-Eastern Sydney and the Eastern Suburbs regions.
History
Following the Second World War, it was determined that the Maroubra Junction Technical School would be crowded out of its premises on Anzac Parade. A site for a new school, bounded by Paine Street in the north, and Walsh and O'Sullivan Avenue in the south, had been selected in 1945. This area was originally taken over by the Commonwealth Government for defence purposes. It was cleared as early as 1948 and preparations made for what was to be known as South Sydney Technical School. The building foundations were laid on 27 May 1950 by then Minister for Education, Bob Heffron.
Due to long delays the first portion of the school was not ready until July 1952, with the school not being occupied until February 1953. On 5 April 1954, South Sydney Junior Technical High School was officially opened by the Governor of New South Wales, Lieutenant-General Sir John Northcott.
At the beginning of 1959 it was decided that South Sydney Junior Technical High School would be renamed South Sydney Boys' High School, with the name taken from the reconstituted Maroubra Bay High School nearby. The end of 1961 saw the retirement of the school's first principal, William Dutton. In his place Thomas Tasker, who was headmaster of Northmead High School, was appointed. In 1962 the annual school magazine, "Southerner", was published for the first time. That same year, in honour of the contribution made to the school by Heffron, the library was named the "R. J. Heffron Library".
In August 1980, the Minister for Education, Paul Landa, announced that South Sydney Boys' High School and Maroubra Junction Girls High would be partly co-educational in 1981 and fully co-educational in 1983 to become South Sydney High School and Maroubra High School respectively.
Principals
Houses
A House system was established by the early 1960s, dividing all students into four houses named after one representative from four main educational disciplines:
Banks – Science – named after botanist, Sir Joseph Banks.
Dutton – Education – named after the first headmaster, William Dutton.
Lawson – Literature – named after poet, Henry Lawson.
Northcott – Defence – named after the NSW Governor who opened the school, Sir John Northcott.
Notable alumni
Professor John Boyages – 1975 DUX, Professor of Breast Oncology and Director of ALERT (Australian Lymphoedema Education Research and Treatment), Macquarie University.
Tolu Latu – rugby union player and current Waratah.
Adam Liberman – 1969 School Captain, General Counsel for the CSIRO and Visiting Professorial Fellow of the UNSW Faculty of Law.
Col Loughnan – former member of The Delltones, and Ayers Rock, and lecturer in saxophone at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music since 1978.
Alex Perry – fashion designer.
Tiana Penitani – rugby union player
John Sutton – rugby league player for South Sydney Rabbitohs.
Mike Whitney – former Australian Test Cricketer and television personality.
Scott Wilson – rugby league player
Macario De Souza – Australian filmmaker
References
External links
South Sydney High School Facebook page
Public high schools in Sydney
Maroubra, New South Wales
School buildings completed in 1953
Educational institutions established in 1953
1953 establishments in Australia
"Over Somebody Else's Shoulder" is a hit song written by Al Sherman & Al Lewis in 1934 at the end of the Tin Pan Alley era. It was introduced by singer and bandleader, Ozzie Nelson who enjoyed great success with the song. It was further covered by Freddy Martin and his Orchestra with the vocal performed by Elmer Feldkamp. The original release of the song was on February 13, 1934 to coincide with Valentine's Day. It was also covered by Eddie Cantor. Twenty four years later, in 1958 country singer, Sonny James covered the song on his album entitled, Honey which was released by Capitol Records (Capitol T-988).
References
Sherman, Robert B. Walt's Time: from before to beyond, Santa Clarita: Camphor Tree Publishers, 1998.
Songs written by Al Sherman
Songs written by Al Lewis (lyricist)
1934 songs
Eddie Cantor songs
The Permic or Permian languages are a branch of the Uralic language family. They are spoken in several regions to the west of the Ural Mountains within the Russian Federation. The total number of speakers is around 950,000, of which around 550,000 speak the most widely spoken language, Udmurt. Like other Uralic languages, the Permic languages are primarily agglutinative and have a rich system of grammatical cases. Unlike many others, they do not have vowel harmony.
The earliest Permic language to be preserved in writing was Old Permic or Old Zyryan, in the 14th century.
The extant Permic languages division of the Finno-Ugric branch of the Uralic language family consists of the:
Udmurt (Votyak)
Komi (Zyryan)
Permyak (Komi-Permyak)
The Permic languages have traditionally been classified as Finno-Permic languages, along with the Finnic, Saami, Mordvin, and Mari languages. The Finno-Permic and Ugric languages together made up the Finno-Ugric family. However, this taxonomy has more recently been called into question, and the relationship of the Permic languages to other Uralic languages remains uncertain.
Phonology
Proto-Uralic word roots have been subject to particularly heavy reduction in the Permic languages.
Original geminates *pp, *tt, *kk were reduced to single voiceless stops *p, *t, *k.
Between vowels, original single *p, *t, *k as well as *w and *x were lost entirely.
Second-syllable vowels were lost almost entirely. Certain words in Udmurt may preserve traces (PU *lumi "snow" → Udm лымы /lɨmɨ/).
The sibilants *s, *ś, *š have remained distinct from each other in all positions, but were voiced to *z, *ź, *ž between voiced sounds.
Consonant clusters were largely simplified: in particular nasal + stop/affricate clusters yield voiced stops/affricates, and stop + sibilant clusters yield voiceless sibilants.
A peculiarity of Permic is the occurrence of the voiced consonants such as *b, *g word-initially even in inherited vocabulary, apparently a development from original PU voiceless consonants.
The Proto-Permic consonant inventory is reconstructed as:
This inventory is retained nearly unchanged in the modern-day Permic languages. Komi has merged original into and undergone a change → or in many dialects, while Udmurt has changed word-initially → or . is retained only in some Udmurt dialects; in other Permic varieties it has become next to back vowels, next to central vowels, next to front vowels.
In later Russian loanwords, the consonants can occur.
The consonant was marginal and occurred only word-initially or after a word-initial , generally traceable to diphthongization of the close back vowel of the 2nd series. An exceptional word is the numeral "six", , which in Komi is the only native word root with an initial cluster.
Literary Komi and literary Udmurt both possess a seven-vowel system . These are however not related straightforwardly, and numerous additional vowels are required for Proto-Permic, perhaps as many as 15 altogether. The reconstruction of Proto-Permic vocalism and its development from Proto-Uralic has always been a puzzling topic, for which there are several models. There is general agreement on the existence of two series of close vowels, one of which results in modern in literary Udmurt and literary Komi-Zyryan, the other in correspondences of Udmurt to Komi (but long in the Komi-Yodzyak language). Proposed distinguishing factors for these include length (), tenseness () and height ().
Morphophonology
Noun roots in the Permic languages are predominantly monosyllabic and invariable with the canonical shape (C)VC. CV roots, such as Udmurt ву /vu/, Komi and Permyak ва /va/ 'water', and (C)VCC roots, such as Udmurt урт /urt/, Komi орт /ort/ 'soul', exist as well. In Udmurt, there are furthermore a number of bisyllabic roots, mostly of the shape (C)VCɨ.
In noun roots with certain final clusters, the second consonant surfaces only when followed with a vowel in inflected or derived forms :
Udmurt has similar alternation for a number of other clusters of the shape voiced consonant+/m/, while Komi-Zyryan adds a number of clusters of the shape voiced consonant+/j/.
The verb root for 'to come': Udmurt лыкты- /lɨktɨ-/, Komi локты- /loktɨ-/ also shows alternation to plain /k/ in e.g. the imperative (in Udmurt only dialectally).
Notes
Bibliography
External links
S. K. Belykh. Swadesh list for Permic languages
Permic languages
Languages of Russia
Philippe Kirsch, (born April 1, 1947) is a Canadian lawyer who served as a judge of the International Criminal Court from 2003 to 2009 and was the Court's first president.
Biography
Kirsch was born in Belgium in 1947 and arrived in Canada in 1961. Kirsch holds a Bachelor of Civil Law and an LL.M. degree from the Université de Montréal (1972).
Kirsch, who joined the Department of External Affairs of Canada in 1972, has held a number of positions in the Department, including Assistant Deputy Minister for Legal, Consular and Passport Affairs, Ottawa (1994–1996); and Director General, Bureau of Legal Affairs, Ottawa (1992–1994). He was Deputy Permanent Representative of Canada to the United Nations (1988–1992), Deputy Representative to the Security Council (1989–1990) and Canada's ambassador to the Kingdom of Sweden.
Kirsch is member of the Bar of the Province of Quebec and of the Canadian Council on International Law and was appointed Queen's Counsel in 1988.
Kirsch served as Chairman of the Drafting Committee of the International Conference on the Problem of War Victims (1993), Chairman of the preparatory and subsequent Intergovernmental Working Groups of Government Experts on the Protection of War Victims (1993, 1995), and Chairman of the Drafting Committee at the 26th and 27th International Conferences of the Red Cross and the Red Crescent (1995, 1999). He was Chairman of the Canadian National Committee on Humanitarian Law (1998–1999) and member of the Group of International Advisers to the International Committee of the Red Cross (2000–2003).
He has extensive experience in the development of international criminal law with regard to issues such as various acts of terrorism; suppression of unlawful acts against the safety of maritime navigation; unlawful acts of violence at airports serving international civil aviation; safety and security of UN and associated personnel and the taking of hostages.
His appointment as judge came after his extensive experience in the process of the establishment of the International Criminal Court, international humanitarian law and international criminal law.
In 1998 Kirsch served as Chairman of the Committee of the Whole of the Diplomatic Conference of Plenipotentiaries on the Establishment of an International Criminal Court. He was also Chairman of the Preparatory Commission for the International Criminal Court (1999 to 2002).
Honours
In 2009, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada "for his contributions to international criminal law, notably as president of the International Criminal Court in The Hague".
References
Further reading
KIRSCH, Philippe International Who's Who. Retrieved September 4, 2006.
1947 births
Living people
Lawyers in Quebec
Ambassadors of Canada to Sweden
Université de Montréal alumni
Officers of the Order of Canada
Presidents of the International Criminal Court
Belgian emigrants to Canada
Canadian judges
People from Namur (city)
Canadian Queen's Counsel
Université de Montréal Faculty of Law alumni
21st-century Canadian judges
Canadian judges of international courts and tribunals
Members of the Institut de Droit International
The Tokyo Cadets or the Tokyo Boys, was the name given to the group of forty five youth recruits of the Indian National Army who were sent to the Imperial Japanese Army Academy or Imperial Japanese Army Air Force Academy to train as fighter pilots in 1944 by Subhas Chandra Bose. The cadets were captured as prisoners of war after Japan surrendered, but were released in 1946 after the end of the INA trials. The cadets became officers in the Indian forces, Burma Navy, Pakistan forces, and private pilots. Some of them became general officers.
Notable members
Air Cmde Ramesh Sakharam Benegal, MVC, AVSM (Retd), Indian Air Force.
References
Sources
Ayer, Subbier Appadurai, Unto Him a Witness: The Story of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose in East Asia, Thacker, 1951
The Contemporary, Society for Contemporary Studies, University of Michigan, v.14, 1970
Further reading
BURMA to JAPAN with Azad Hind: A War Memoir (1941–1945) Ramesh Sakharam Benegal, Lancer Publishers, New Delhi 2009
Bhargava M.L. Indian national army Tokyo cadets 1986. New Delhi
Subhash Chandra Bose Academy
External links
The list of the Tokyo Cadets, Subhas Chandre Bose Academy (Japanese)
Youth organisations based in India
Indian National Army
Military history of India
Indian independence movement
Samuel L. Popkin (born June 9, 1942) is an American political scientist who teaches at the University of California, San Diego. Popkin has played a role in the development of rational choice theory within political science. He is also noted for his work as a pollster.
Early life
Popkin was born on June 9, 1942. He received his Ph.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1969.
Career
His most recent book is The Candidate: What it Takes to Win (and Hold) the White House. Earlier he wrote The Reasoning Voter: Communication and Persuasion in Presidential Campaigns and co-authored Issues and Strategies: The Computer Simulation of Presidential Campaigns. He also co-edited Chief of Staff: Twenty-Five Years of Managing the Presidency.
When he was a assistant professor of Government, in 1972, he was jailed for a week, for his refusal to answer questions before a grand jury investigating the Pentagon Papers case, during a hearing before the Boston's Federal District Court. The Faculty Council later passed a resolution condemning the government's interrogation of scholars on the grounds that "an unlimited right of grand juries to ask any question and to expose a witness to citations for contempt could easily threaten scholarly research."
Popkin is equally well known for his work on peasant society, with particular reference to East and Southeast Asia, including The Rational Peasant: The Political Economy of Rural Society in Vietnam.
Popkin has also been a consulting analyst in presidential campaigns, serving as consultant on Bill Clinton's presidential campaign on polling and strategy, to the CBS News election units from 1983 to 1990 on survey design and analysis, and more recently to the Gore campaign. He has also served as consultant to political parties in Canada and Europe and to the Departments of State and Defense. His current research focuses on presidential campaigns and the relationship of public opinion to foreign policy.
Personal life
Popkin is married to Susan Shirk, research professor and chair of the 21st Century China Center at the Graduate School of Global Policy and Strategy at the University of California, San Diego.
Selected publications
The Reasoning Voter: Communication and Persuasion in Presidential Campaigns
The Rational Peasant: The Political Economy of Rural Society in Vietnam
Candidates, Issues and Strategies
Chief of Staff: Twenty-Five Years of Managing the Presidency, co-editor with Samuel Kernell
References
1942 births
Living people
American political scientists
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
University of California, San Diego faculty
Pollsters
John Walton Beanland (3 November 1866 – 7 December 1943) was a building contractor and Mayor of Christchurch from 1936 to 1938.
Early life
Beanland was born in Durham Lead near Ballarat, Victoria in 1866. His parents were John Griffith Beanland (1844–1875) and Elizabeth Pickering (1845–1923). The Beanlands were a prominent family in Williamstown near Melbourne, where John Walton lived for about 20 years. He was the eldest of six children. On 18 October 1889, he married Mary Ann Hick and they had two sons: Arnold White Beanland (born 1889) and Walton Howard Beanland (born 1890). His three brothers all married sisters of his wife.
Life in New Zealand
Beanland was a master builder, and the family came to Christchurch during a time of depression in Victoria in the early 1890s. His name first appeared in the Christchurch newspaper The Star in 1899, when he was elected onto the committee of the model yacht club. His brother, William Henry Beanland (1874–1960), was also a building contractor in Christchurch. Beanland won the contract to build the first stage of the Nurses' Hostel for £54,990. This allowed for the first three storeys of the building on Riccarton Avenue next to Christchurch Hospital, and construction started in 1931. Beanland was a trustee on the Board of Trustees of the Riccarton Bush from 1919 to 1921.
Political career
In April 1909, Beanland was elected onto the St Albans School Committee and in 1913, he was elected chairman. He became the president of the St Albans Library Committee. In 1911, Beanland travelled to England to attend the coronation of George V, followed by several months of travel for pleasure.
Beanland was narrowly defeated in January 1912 when he stood for the St Albans seat of the Drainage Board.
He was first elected to Christchurch City Council in 1914 in the St Albans ward for the conservative-leaning Citizens' Association. For several years, he chaired the works committee of Christchurch City Council. He first became deputy mayor after the 1919 mayoral election, and was the second person to hold that post. At the same election, Henry Thacker was first elected as mayor. The next mayoral election was held on Wednesday, 27 April 1921, and the two candidates were Thacker and Beanland. Thacker received 7,580 votes, a majority of 292 votes over the 7,288 votes for Beanland. Beanland had stood for the mayoralty only, and this ended his first period on Christchurch City Council.
Beanland was again elected as a Christchurch city councillor in the 26 April 1923 local election, receiving the second highest number of first preference votes after Rev John Archer. In October 1924, Beanland announced that he would contest the next mayoral election in April 1925, and that he would not stand for re-election for the Christchurch Tramway Board, so that he had sufficient time for the mayoralty. Beanland claimed that he should have the official support of the Citizen's Association, although the incumbent, James Arthur Flesher, also belonged to the Citizen's Association and intended to stand again. Beanland claimed that he had been persuaded in 1923 to not stand for the mayoralty, and that he would in turn receive the support of the Citizens' Association in 1925. This situation apparently caused great friction within the Citizens' Association, but all rumours to this effect were categorically denied. The situation got worse when the Citizens' Association issued a statement to The Press:
The Association has always considered Mr Beanland to be lacking in qualities needed in the Mayor of a city of this size and importance. For that reason it has refused to support him for the Mayoralty on three occasions. It believes Mr Beanland to be a useful member of a Council or a Board. For offices such as these it is ready to support him, but not for the Mayoralty.
In the end, four candidates contested the election: the incumbent, James Arthur Flesher, as the official candidate of the Citizens' Association, Beanland and Joseph Hamlets as independents, and John Archer for the Labour Party. The Citizens' Association vote was split between Flesher and Beanland, and Archer had a majority of some 1100 votes over the incumbent.
Beanland contested the electorate in the for the Reform Party, but was beaten by Labour's James McCombs.
In 1934, he embarked on a six months trip that took him to Australia, England and Germany. In 1935, he was awarded the King George V Silver Jubilee Medal.
In February 1936, the mayor of Christchurch, Dan Sullivan, resigned from the mayoralty after he had been appointed by the Labour government as a cabinet minister. Beanland, who was deputy-mayor at the time, contested the resulting by-election and narrowly won against former mayor and Labour candidate John Archer; this brought to an end 11 years of Labour candidates winning the mayoralty. Beanland was sworn in on 16 March. At the end of the mayoral term, the Citizens' Association chose Dr. John Guthrie as their mayoral candidate. Beanland had also sought the nomination but was not successful. Beanland stood as a city councillor and was narrowly returned; he was 15th for the 16 positions, and only three votes ahead of the candidate in 17th place. The new mayor and councillors were installed on 18 May 1938. Beanland retired at the end of the term in 1941.
Death
Mary Beanland died on 8 August 1941. He died on 7 December 1943 at his residence at 237 Edgeware Road in the Christchurch suburb of St Albans. He was survived by their two sons. The family grave is at Bromley Cemetery and holds Mary and John Beanland, the wife of their son Walton, and a grandchild.
Beanland Avenue in the Christchurch suburb of Spreydon is named in his honour. The street name was suggested by the Director of Housing Construction for the government housing project, and approved by the Christchurch City Council in April 1938.
References
1866 births
1943 deaths
Mayors of Christchurch
Deputy mayors of Christchurch
Burials at Bromley Cemetery
People from Ballarat
Australian emigrants to New Zealand
Reform Party (New Zealand) politicians
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1928 New Zealand general election
New Zealand builders
United Breweries Holdings Limited (UBHL), also called UB Group, is an Indian conglomerate
headquartered in UB City, Bangalore, Karnataka. Its core business includes beverages and investments in various sectors. The company markets beer under the Kingfisher brand, and owns various other brands of alcoholic beverages. United Breweries is India's largest producer of beer.
United Breweries now has greater than a 40% share of the Indian brewing market with 79 distilleries and bottling units around the world. In 2005, UB financed a takeover of the spirits business of the rival Shaw-Wallace company, giving it a majority share of India's spirits business. The group no longer owns the Mendocino Brewing Company in the United States.
History
The UB Group was founded by a Scotsman, Thomas Leishman, in 1915, when he brought together Castle Brewery and Nilgiris Breweries (1857), Bangalore Brewing Co. (1885), British Brewing Corp. (1903) and BBB Brewery Co. Ltd. (1913). The Group took its initial lessons in manufacturing beer from South India based British Breweries.
At the age of 22, Vittal Mallya was elected as the company's first Indian director in 1947. After a year, he replaced R. G. N. Price as the chairman of the company.
United Breweries made its initial impact by manufacturing bulk beer for the British troops before independence, which was transported in huge barrels or "Hogsheads". Kingfisher, the group's most visible and profitable brand, made a modest entry in the sixties. During the 1950s and 60s, the company expanded greatly by acquiring other breweries. First was the addition of McDowell as one of the Group subsidiaries, a move which helped United Breweries to extend its portfolio to wines and spirits business. Strategically, the Group moved into agro-based industries and medicines when Mallya acquired Kissan Products and formed a long-term relationship with Hoechst AG of Germany to create the Indian pharmaceutical company now known as Aventis Pharma, the Indian subsidiary of the global pharma major Sanofi-Aventis.
UB Group has had some relationship with United Spirits Limited, which is now majority-owned (54.8%) by Diageo.
The conglomerate was headed by Vijay Mallya, who left India on 2 March 2016, allegedly to escape legal action by Indian banks to whom he owed an estimated in loans. In June 2021, Heineken N.V. bought out Mallya's 15% stake in United Breweries Limited for from the Debt Recovery Tribunal. With this, Heineken's stake in the company increased to 61.5%.
The logo
The Pegasus, which is the symbol of the United Breweries, first found its place as the Group logo in 1941. Then, the Helladic horse – associated with beer and nectar in Greek mythology – carried a beer cask between the wings, ostensibly because beer formed the core operations of the Group. Later, the beer cask was removed to represent the Group's multifaceted operations.
Subsidiaries
United Breweries Limited – the UB Group's brewing entity, which has undisputed market leadership with a national market share in excess of 50%. The UB Group today controls 60% of the total manufacturing capacity for beer in India. United Breweries is controlled by Heineken N.V. which owns a majority stake in the company.
UB Engineering – the group's engineering business arm. It undertakes engineering, procurement and construction projects, infrastructure, on-site fabrication of structures, installation, testing and commissioning of electrical and mechanical equipment, piping for large industrial projects. The company was initially established as Western India Erectors in 1963 and came under the UB Group in 1988.
UBICS – providing IT consulting, body shopping services and professional IT products to business companies.
Defunct subsidiaries
Kingfisher Airlines – UB Group launched Kingfisher Airlines, an airline in India whose operation was halted after problems in 2014 that led to its licence being revoked by the DGCA.
See also
United Spirits
Kingfisher Airlines
References
External links
Beer in India
Drink companies of India
Companies based in Bangalore
Multinational breweries
British companies established in 1857
Food and drink companies established in 1857
1857 establishments in British India
Companies listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange
Indian companies established in 1857
United Breweries Group
Indian companies established in 1915
The Orinoco piculet (Picumnus pumilus) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is found in Brazil, Colombia, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Description
The adult Orinoco piculet is about long. The upper parts are olive brown, sometimes lightly barred with tawny brown, and the underparts are cream or buff, boldly barred with dark brown. The head is brown speckled with white and has a white post-ocular streak. The male has faint yellow streaking or spotting on the fore crown but the female lacks this. The primary and secondary wing feathers are brown tipped with green, and the tail is black, the two central feathers having white inner webs and the outer feathers having a white bar near the tip. The beak is blackish and the legs grey. The call is a thin "seep-seep" and the song a rather longer suite of similar notes.
Distribution and habitat
The Orinoco piculet is endemic to eastern Colombia and northwestern Brazil, and is likely to be present also in the adjacent part of southern Venezuela. Its habitat is open tropical humid rainforest, gallery forest, wooded savannah and clumps of trees and scrub at altitudes of up to .
Ecology
The Orinoco piculet is an active and acrobatic little bird, foraging at all levels of the canopy, sometimes in small mixed-species flocks, for termites, ants and other small invertebrates. Its breeding habits are poorly known, but it may nest in November and December.
Status
The Orinoco piculet has a wide range and is said to be generally uncommon. Its numbers are likely in decline as the tropical rainforest is gradually cleared, but this is not at such a fast rate as to make the International Union for Conservation of Nature rate it in a more threatened category than "least concern".
References
Orinoco piculet
Birds of the Colombian Amazon
Birds of the Venezuelan Amazon
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Orinoco piculet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Manong is a small town in Kuala Kangsar District, Perak, Malaysia. This small town is located along Perak River.
Kuala Kangsar District
Towns in Perak
The Preboreal is an informal stage of the Holocene epoch. It is preceded by the Tarantian and succeeded by the Boreal. It lasted from 10,300 to 9,000BP in radiocarbon years or 8350BC to 7050BC in Gregorian calendar years (8th millennium BC). It is the first stage of the Holocene epoch.
The Preboreal was an informal subdivision of the Holocene, and as stratigraphy and dating techniques have improved since this 1972 proposal the dates would be different if proposed today. Instead others have begun to use the terms Early, Middle and Late, which would be Lower, Middle and Upper in respect of Holocene sediments. If this terminology were to be used the preboreal would be replaced by Lower Holocene which would be dated 11.7 – 8.2 ka B2K.
In July 2018 the International Commission on Stratigraphy (a part of the IUGS) ratified Greenlandian as the globally recognised first age of the Holocene, much overlapping with the North European regional term Preboreal.
References
.01
Geological ages
A virtual body is the state of being when inhabiting virtual reality or a virtual environment.
A person connected to the internet is considered not only physically in the space in front of the computer but also virtually represented, with the opportunity to interact, in cyberspace. This indicates the potential for the body to simultaneously exist in two realities, internally and externally experiencing and being experienced. The virtual body is also recognized as an escape from the limits set by reality and different forms of conventionality.
Frequently discussed modes
There are two particular ways that the virtual body is frequently discussed; the disembodied essence of a person's mind in cyberspace and the consequent representation of a person's identity as a virtual body in cyberspace.
The 'disembodiment' discourse focuses around allowing the mind to wander without the physical inhibitions of the body. This discourse is regarded as an expansion of classic theories such as astral projection or 'out-of-body experiences'. Subsequently, the virtual body is regarded as psychologically created essence that is virtually floating between information. This information in turn, according to theories, affects the mind and the virtual body but has no interaction with the physical body, which has deployed a technological gaze.
An early issue frequently discussed about virtual bodies is that although the opportunity was presented to create and be any sort of virtual body imaginable, there was a tendency to reproduce old identities referring to gender and racial stereotypes. Therefore, the disembodiment of before transforms into 'a new body' with a new identity that is either entirely new or a representation of the real. When new identities are explored, it has been noticed that the virtual body effortlessly (and sometimes subconsciously) crosses traditional borders, not only concerning identities but also of human and machine, particularly in the sense of having a clear notion of what is real and what is only available through collaboration with the computer. This 'border crossing' implies that the virtual body in itself is a fluid state of being that conceals itself within social conventions.
Other notions
The virtual body can also be regarded as needing the body for extra immersion into a virtual environment. This notion was initially discussed in reference to the original developments of Virtual Reality, where goggles and gloves were required to fully immerse the mind into virtual worlds. This type of virtual reality offers a different kind of virtual body because it generates the idea within the mind that the virtual body and the real physical body are one and the same.
A more common notion of the identities constructed by people (and therefore depicted through virtual bodies or avatars) is the representation people give on websites such as Facebook and MySpace. These websites offer a more direct way for people to exhibit how they want to be seen and understood, which in turn develops their virtual body representation. Along the same lines, is the identity significant idea behind chat rooms (particularly dating ones) where there would be issues regarding how different the represented virtual body and identity is to the real physical one. This is unlike virtual bodies created for the sake of playing games online where exaggeration and the use of the imagination is encouraged.
References
Virtual reality
This is a complete list of Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball teams seasons, from their first season in 1903 to present.
History
Season-by-season results
The following is a list of Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball seasons, with records and notable accomplishments.
Notes
Due to several Kentucky players found to be involved in a point-shaving scandal, the NCAA banned the school from the 1953 NCAA tournament and asked its member institutions to boycott playing the Wildcats. Thus, Kentucky's 1952—53 season was cancelled.
After defeating LSU in a one-game playoff to win the 1954 SEC championship, three Kentucky players were ruled ineligible for the postseason because they had graduated in 1953 (when UK was banned from competing). As a result, Kentucky declined an invitation to the NCAA Tournament in protest.
Two victories (and one loss) from the NCAA Tournament were vacated in the 1987-88 season as part of NCAA sanctions. Kentucky was also stripped of 1987-88's SEC regular season and SEC Tournament championships.
Kentucky was banned from the 1989-90 and 1990-91 NCAA and SEC Tournaments due to sanctions from the Eddie Sutton era.
Kentucky finished first in the SEC standings in 1990-91 season. However, due to probation and their tournament ban, they were ineligible for the regular-season championship. (The title was awarded to LSU instead.)
References
Kentucky
1952 in sports in Kentucky
1953 in sports in Kentucky
Kentucky Wildcats basketball seasons
Miklós Korondi (born 16 April 1955) is a Hungarian politician and a member of parliament between 2010 and 2014.
Early life
Miklós Korondi was born on 16 April 1955 in Szakmár, Bács-Kiskun County. He graduated from I. István Gimnázium of Kalocsa in 1973. From 1973 to 1975 he worked as a teacher in Szakmár and from 1976 he works for Hungarian State Railways. In 1983, he finished studies at Baross Gábor Educational Center of Hungarian State Railways. From 1985 to 1987 he was the stationmaster of Üllő's station and from 1988 to 1997 a traffic expert at the Department in Budapest District of Hungarian State Railways. He made his final exam in 1997 at Budapest University of Technology and Economics and from this year he has been a traffic regulator expert of the company located in the headquarters.
Political career
From 1982 to 1987 he was a member of Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party. On 6 February 2004, he founded the local unit of Jobbik in Cegléd and became the president of this unit. From 2005 he organises Jobbik's campaign in the 15th District of Pest County. In 2006 he was a candidate of MIÉP-Jobbik Third Way coalition and from 1 October 2006 became a municipal representative of Cegléd, the member of Committee on Culture, Education, Youth and Sport and vice-chairman of Sub-committee on Sport. In 2009 he was a candidate of Jobbik in the elections of the European Parliament.
From 2010, he was a member of National Assembly of Hungary and also member of its Committee on Local Government and Regional Development.
Private life
Korondi is married and has a son.
External links
Parlament.hu
Living people
1955 births
Members of the Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party
Jobbik politicians
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2010–2014)
People from Bács-Kiskun County
Monica Sjöö (December 31, 1938 – August 8, 2005) was a Swedish-born British-based painter, writer and radical anarcho/eco-feminist who was an early exponent of the Goddess movement. Her books and paintings were foundational to the development of feminist art in Britain, beginning at the time of the founding of the women's liberation movement around 1970.
Her most famous painting is the controversial God Giving Birth (1968), which depicts woman of colour giving birth; it was censored multiple times and at one art show, Sjöö was reported to the police for blasphemy. She wrote or co-wrote the manifesto Towards a Revolutionary Feminist Art (1971) and The Great Cosmic Mother: Rediscovering the Religion of the Earth (1987)
Her art and writing became well-known outside of the UK, and throughout the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s she corresponded with influential American writers, artists and pagans such as Jean and Ruth Mountaingrove, Starhawk, Zsuzsanna Budapest, Lucy Lippard, Alice Walker, and Judy Chicago.
Early life
Her parents were the Swedish painters Gustaf Arvid Sjöö (1902–1949) and Anna Harriet Rosander-Sjöö (1912–1965), who divorced when Sjöö was three years old. She left school and ran away from home when she was 16.
Sjöö traveled Europe and held a variety of jobs: she worked in vineyards and as a nude model at art schools in Paris and Rome. She first came to Britain in the late 1950s, and eventually settled in Bristol where – except for a period in Wales in the early 1980s – she lived for the rest of her life.
Career
Sjöö was the main author of Towards a Revolutionary Feminist Art (1971) one of the first, and most militant, feminist art manifestos. It was discussed widely in the feminist press, and The Guardian published an article in response. Ann Pettitt, one of the founders of the Greenham Common Women's Peace Camp, contributed to a later iteration.
Sjöö wrote the original pamphlet that, with Barbara Mor's re-write and expansion, would become the book The Great Cosmic Mother (1987). It covers women's ancient history and the origin of religion, and is one of the first books to propose that humanity's earliest religious and cultural belief systems were created and first practised by women. It is currently in print and has been, and still is, a part of many women's studies, mythology and religious studies syllabi. Her research and writing helped uncover the hidden history of the Goddess. Sjöö's successful use of interdisciplinarity in her research has led to its acclaim within the Goddess movement.
Early exhibitions
Sjöö's first exhibition was at the Gallery Karlsson in Stockholm, Sweden in 1967. Having been a founder member of the Bristol Women's Liberation group, in March 1971, she participated in the first "Women's Liberation Art Group" exhibition held at the Woodstock Gallery in London.
Margaret Harrison (1977) states that [on one occasion in 1970 several of Sjöö's paintings were banned from being shown in St. Ives during the St. Ives festival]. (...) "Monica then wrote in Socialist Woman (Nottingham) proposing forming a group or alliance of women artists. This led to the formation of the Bristol Women's Art Group (...)".
Later exhibitions
Sjöö used imagery in her paintings which often references birth, the female body, and nature. All of these images were central to her beliefs regarding her "Cosmic Mother". She described herself as among the pioneers in this movement of reclaiming female divinity – along with many other writers, artists, poets, and thinkers. In her art, she attempted to "holistically express" her growing religious belief in the Great Mother as the cosmic spirit and generative force in the universe. This was a critical component of her artwork. She claimed to enter a "state" of being or of mind where knowledge was available from past, present, and future.
Sjöö's most famous painting, God Giving Birth, (1968) depicts a woman giving birth, and has the title text painted in red capitalized letters. It is an expression of Sjöö's spiritual journey at that time and represents her perception of the Great Mother as the universal creator of cosmic life. The painting and its concept created much controversy and God Giving Birth was censored on several occasions; at a group show in London the painting led to Sjöö being reported to the police for blasphemy.
Beliefs
Sjöö's work and beliefs centered on her respect and care of the Goddess, or Mother Earth. The Goddess was "the beauty of the green earth, the life-giving waters, the consuming fires, the radiant moon, and the fiery sun". Sjöö's respect for nature and the environment was not mere belief but, for her, a spiritual truth. The Goddess / Earth is to be respected as the life giver. This respect is to be found not only in her imagery, but in two texts which chronicle her journey through the written word.
Yet, these abstract beliefs were grounded with a firm foundation of action and activism. She was involved with the anarchist and anti-Vietnam War movements in Sweden in the 1960s and was active in the women's movement in Britain. Her political activism always grew out of her spiritual understanding of the earth as our living mother, similar to the beliefs of some Native American peoples.
Sjöö was highly critical of many of the ideas and personages of the New Age movement, including Alice Bailey, J. Z. Knight and "Ramtha", and Gene Roddenberry for some of the ideas behind Star Trek.
Reception
Starhawk described Sjöö's work as paintings that "transformed ancient images and symbols into contemporary icons of female power."
In 1976 Sjöö was the subject of a film documentary shown at the ICA and NFT.
Personal life
Sjöö believed heterosexuality was an unnatural state imposed by patriarchy, and later in her life she enjoyed a number of intimate romantic relationships with women. (In the context of the 1980 essay by Adrienne Rich, "Compulsory Heterosexuality and Lesbian Existence".) However, after separating from her second husband, Andy Jubb, a composer, in the mid 1970s, Sjöö had an intense relationship with Keith Paton, a founder of the Alternative Socialist movement and, like Sjöö herself, a regular contributor to the alternative press, especially 'Peace News'. Under Sjöö's influence, Paton changed his name to Motherson (or Mothersson).
Two of her three sons died young. In 1985 her youngest, Leify, was killed in front of her by an oncoming car at age 15. Her eldest son, Sean, died of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma in 1987, aged 28. She claimed that his death was exacerbated by his experiences of rebirthing. Sjöö's grief at this double loss led first to an artistic paralysis akin to writer's block, and then to artistic expression, in the shape of the painting My Sons in the Spirit World (1989).
Sjöö died of cancer in 2005, aged 66.
Artwork
Exhibitions
Locations
Sjöö's art can be found in the Women's Art Collection at Murray Edwards College in Cambridge and at the in Skellefteå, Sweden. Some of her works are currently held in private collections of individuals: Sig Lonegren, Alice Walker, and Genevieve Vaughan hold a few, while Maggie Parks holds most of her art. The Temple of Goddess Spirituality dedicated to Sekhmet holds Solar Lionheaded Sekhment of Primordial Fire (1992, oil on hardboard) where it is displayed in the living room of their guest house.
Written works
The Great Cosmic Mother
(Original pamphlet)
Excerpted in:
Books
Chapters
—— (1983). "Aspects of the Great Mother" and "Creation". In Garcia, Jo; Maitland, Sara. Walking on the Water: Women Talk About Spirituality. London: Virago.
Articles
Excerpted in: (2001). In Robinson, Hilary. Feminism Art Theory: An Anthology 1968–2000. Malden, MA: Blackwell. .
(2015). In Robinson, Hilary. Feminism Art Theory: An Anthology 1968–2014. Malden, MA: Wiley Blackwell. .
Poems
Pamphlets
Reprinted in "Towards a Revolutionary Feminist Art"
References
Bibliography
The Great Cosmic Mother - Rediscovering the Religion of the Earth, co-authored with Barbara Mor, Harper & Row (1987)
The Norse Goddess, Dor Dama Press, Meyn Mamvro Publications (2000)
Return of the Dark/Light Mother or New Age Armageddon? – Towards a Feminist Vision of the Future, Plain View Press (1999)
Spiral Journey, Antenna Publications (2019)
Further reading
White, Rupert (2018) Monica Sjöö: Life and Letters 1958-2005 Antenna Publications
External links
Monica Sjöö's archived website
Monica Sjöö's papers University of Bristol Library Special Collections
Monica Sjöö's art in the New Hall Art Collection of Murray Edwards College at the University of Cambridge
1938 births
2005 deaths
Deaths from cancer in England
20th-century Swedish painters
21st-century Swedish painters
Swedish women painters
Swedish feminists
Swedish anarchists
Feminist artists
Radical feminists
Ecofeminists
Anarcha-feminists
Swedish anti-war activists
Anti–Vietnam War activists
Swedish anti–nuclear weapons activists
Swedish Modern Pagans
Modern Pagan artists
Modern Pagan writers
Swedish emigrants to the United Kingdom
The Bondarikhinskaya culture is an archaeological culture during the late Bronze Age (11th-9th centuries BCE) that replaced the Srubnaya culture. It was found from the left shore of the Dnepr to the upper and mid Seversky Donets, and it is the east it reached the Don bassin and mid-Oka. The culture was identified in the 50s by . It is represented by both fortified and non-fortified settlement, grave fields, treasures and scattered finds. They lived in pit houses, semi-pit houses and houses on flat ground. The cemeteries are tumuli, and flat ground graves with cremated remains in urns or small pits.
It was followed by the and the Gorodets culture.
Archaeological cultures of Eastern Europe
Bronze Age cultures of Europe
Archaeological cultures in Russia
Archaeological cultures in Ukraine
Iranian archaeological cultures
Scythians
Poecilasthena oceanias is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in Australia, including Western Australia.
References
Moths described in 1891
Poecilasthena
Moths of Australia
The Antoine Gizenga cabinet consisted of the Ministers of State, Ministers and Deputy Ministers appointed by Prime Minister Antoine Gizenga of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Gizenga was Prime Minister from 30 December 2006 to 10 October 2008.
His first cabinet was appointed on 5 February 2007, with 59 members. A new government was announced on 25 November 2007, with its size reduced to 44 ministers.
First cabinet
The Ministers of State and Ministers appointed on 5 February 2007 were:
Ministers of State
Ministers
Second cabinet
The Ministers of State and Ministers appointed on 25 November 2007 were:
Ministers of State
Ministers
Deputy ministers
See also
Adolphe Muzito cabinet
References
Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Government ministers of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
2007 in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Cabinets of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Landmark Peak () is a very prominent peak, high, standing south of Minnesota Glacier on the east side of Gowan Glacier, in the Heritage Range, Antarctica. It was named by the University of Minnesota Geological Party to these mountains in 1963–64 because the peak is a well used reference point for pilots flying in the area.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
References
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Dead Lake may refer to:
Dead Lake Township, Minnesota, a township in Otter Tail County, Minnesota, United States
Dead Lakes State Recreation Area, a Florida State Park located one mile north of Wewahitchka
Dead Lake in Granite County, Montana
Dead Lake (Uintah County, Utah)
Lough Marrave ("Dead lake, or lake of death"), Ireland
Victoria Park, Millbridge, Plymouth ("Deadlake"), United Kingdom
See also
Dead Sea
Lacus Mortis ("Lake of Death"), on the Moon
Thahir Zaman (born 10 May 1995) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a winger for I-League club Gokulam Kerala.
Career
Gokulam Kerala F.C.
Born in, Calicut, Kerala, India Zaman made his first professional appearance with Gokulam Kerala FC against Chennai City FC on 9 January 2021 as a substitute for Sebastian Thangmuansang in the 45th minute of the game. The match ended 1-2 to Chennai City F.C.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Gokulam Kerala
I-League: 2020–21, 2021–22
Education
BA English- Farook College 2014-2017
References
External links
Thahir Zaman at Flashscore
1995 births
Living people
Indian footballers
I-League players
Gokulam Kerala FC players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Kerala
People from Kozhikode district
Valdepeñas is a Spanish Denominación de Origen Protegida (DOP) for wines located in the province of Ciudad Real in the south of Castile-La Mancha (Spain). It is almost completely surrounded by another DOP (La Mancha) but is an independent DOP due to its long history of producing a distinct style of wine known aloque or clarete which is made by mixing white and red grapes. 2016´s harvest is formed by 55.9 million kilos of red grapes and 43.2 million kilos of white grapes.
Valdepeñas is a natural crossroads between the south of Spain, the Mediterranean regions to the east, Extremadura to the west and central plains to the north. To the south of the DOP is the Sierra Morena range a natural frontier with Andalusia, and to the east and west there are mountains reaching a height of 1000 m. The most prized vineyards are in Los Llanos in the west and in Las Aberturas in the north. The total area planted to vines is 22,332.11 ha (2016).
History
Grape growing and wine production in the area was practiced by the ancient Iberians and of course by the ancient Romans. During the Moorish era the area became an important wine producing centre, due to a special concession from the Caliphate of Toledo. After the Reconquest by Christian forces there was a huge increase in demand and in production, and wine began to be shipped further afield to cities such as Madrid. Towards the end of the 18th century annual production was around 200,000 arrobas (3.2 million litres). Fermentation was carried out in enormous earthenware vats (with capacities of up to 1,600 litres) which were partially buried in the ground to help keep the temperature down. During the winter months the lees would fall to the bottom naturally and it was not necessary to clarify the wine.
In 1861 a railway line connected Valdepeñas to the coast and there was a further large increase in wine production this time for export abroad, especially to the Philippines and to South America. In 1895 the ‘Wine Train' (tren del vino) began to ship wine to Madrid. In 1911 the phylloxera plague destroyed the vineyards, but the producers of the area were able to save their industry by grafting new varieties of grapes (especially Airén) onto phylloxera-resistant New World rootstocks. This moment of crisis forced the different producers to cooperate with each other and a regional federation was formed, which was subsequently transformed into the Regulatory Council of the DOP. Official DO status was granted in 1932.
Climate
The climate is extreme continental (very hot summers and cold winters) and can be classified as semi-arid. Temperatures can reach 40°C in summer and drop to -10°C in winter. Droughts in summer are frequent, as are frosts in winter. Rainfall is sparse and generally falls in spring and autumn often in the form of violent storms. The risk of hailstones and strong winds is significant in spring.
Soil
The DOP is located on a plateau surrounded by hills and whose soil has a high lime content, over a subsoil of calcium carbonate, with good moisture retaining properties. The topsoil is not deep and quite pebbly, dark red in color with a high lime content, which often forms hard crusty layers which have to be broken to help the roots penetrate. The soil is poor in organic matter.
Grape Varieties
The authorised varieties are:
Red: Tempranillo / Cencibel, Garnacha, Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Syrah, and Petit Verdot
White: Airén, Macabeo, Chardonnay, Verdejo, Sauvignon blanc, and Moscatel de Grano Menudo
Vines
The Airén variety was extensively planted after the phylloxera plague of 1911 due to its good resistance to high temperatures. As a result of this Airén makes up 65% of all vines planted in the area, although in recent years this percentage has been steadily declining. Other varieties, such as Macabeo, are also being used for white wines. Tempranillo (or Cencibel as it is known in the area) is the traditional variety used for red wines, although recently new varieties, such as Cabernet Sauvignon and Garnacha, are being used more. The vines are almost all planted in square or rectangular formation to allow mechanisation of the vineyard activities, and some newer plantations are on trellises to allow an increase in production.
Wines
The majority of wines produced fall into the following four categories: young whites, young rosés, young reds, all made for consumption within one year. Some Crianzas, Reservas and Gran reserves are also produced.
References
External links
Valdepeñas official website
Wine regions of Spain
George Gregory (1873 – after 1893) was an English professional footballer who played as a full-back.
References
1873 births
People from Hyde, Greater Manchester
English footballers
Association football fullbacks
Grimsby Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Year of death missing
Mikael Svanberg (born 13 November 1972), better known as Lord Ahriman, is a Swedish musician and composer best known as the primary guitarist, songwriter and sole founding member of black metal band Dark Funeral. He is also the rhythm guitarist in the band Wolfen Society. His name is derived from Ahriman (), the evil equivalent of the deity Angra Mainyu in Zoroastrianism.
Biography
Originally from Luleå a small town in the north of Sweden, Ahriman developed an interest in music from a very young age. Hailing from a somewhat musical family, he cited his grandmother, mother and younger sister as influences and he started songwriting himself between 1989 and 1990.
Harbouring interests for Satanism (ostensibly that of the LaVeyan variant) and extreme metal as a teenager, he was introverted in his environment. When he was eighteen years old, he left for Stockholm, home to extreme metal acts such as Entombed and Dismember, whom Ahriman already knew personally.
He has also been an active participant in death metal. Before he played in Dark Funeral he played in a blackened death metal band called Satan's Disciples, and he has a side-project called Wolfen Society, who released an MCD "Conquer Divine" in 2001, although difficulties with No Fashion Records hindered its success.
Ahriman and other Dark Funeral members were forced to have side-jobs after No Fashion did not grant them royalties for their work on Dark Funeral's backcatalogue. Consequently Dark Funeral filed suit against No Fashion, and have since spearheaded a campaign against "corrupt" record labels. In October 2008, it was announced that Ahriman and Emperor Magus Caligula succeeded in obtaining the rights to Dark Funeral's entire backcatalogue.
In 2013, Ahriman & Dark Funeral signed to Century Media Records for their upcoming new studio album.
Discography
Dark Funeral
Studio releases
The Secrets Of The Black Arts (1996)
Vobiscum Satanas (1998)
Diabolis Interium (2001)
Attera Totus Sanctus (2005)
Angelus Exuro pro Eternus (2009)
Where Shadows Forever Reign (2016)
We Are the Apocalypse (2022)
Live and compilation releases
De Profundis Clamavi Ad Te Domine [Live](2004)
In The Sign… [Compilation] (2000)
DVDs
Attera Orbis Terrarum - Part II (2008)
Attera Orbis Terrarum - Part I (2007)
EPs
Dark Funeral [EP] (1994)
Wolfen Society
Conquer Divine (2001)
Guest appearances
The Electric Hellfire Club – Electronomicon (2002)
Thokkian Vortex – Track: Into The Nagual [co-writing] (2007)
References
External links
Lord Ahriman's Facebook Page
Lord Ahriman's Myspace Page
Dark Funeral Official Website
Dark Funeral Official Myspace Page
Interview with Lord Ahriman
Black metal musicians
Black metal guitarists
Living people
Swedish Satanists
Swedish heavy metal guitarists
1972 births
Dark Funeral members
Sheikh Riaz Ahmad (Urdu : ; born 9 March 1938) is a former Chief Justice of Pakistan of the Supreme Court of Pakistan from February 1, 2002 to December 31, 2003.
Overview
Justice Sheikh Riaz Ahmad was elevated to the Supreme Court of Pakistan on February 1, 2002. Prior to this elevation, he served as a Judge Supreme Court of Pakistan (1997–2002), Chief Justice of Lahore High Court (1997)and Judge Lahore High Court, Punjab - the largest province of Pakistan (1984–1997). Justice Ahmad worked as the Advocate General of the Punjab Province from 1980–84; and as Assistant Advocate General Punjab (1973–80).He graduated from the Government Islamia College, Civil Lines, Lahore. He was called to bar in 1959 and was a practicing criminal lawyer as well as a lecturer at the Punjab University Law College.
Justice Ahmad also served as the Member Election Commission of Pakistan from 1990–93 and later he was appointed as the Federal Secretary Law, Justice and Parliamentary Affairs under the second Government of Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto.
See also
Chief Justices of Pakistan
References
1938 births
Chief justices of Pakistan
Living people
20th-century Pakistani judges
Chief Justices of the Lahore High Court
University of the Punjab alumni
Government Islamia College alumni
21st-century Pakistani judges
National Lampoon Comics was an American book, an anthology of comics; it was published in 1974 in paperback. Although it is to all appearances a book, it was apparently considered to be a special edition of National Lampoon magazine. (The book is described on the first page as being "Vol I, No. 7 in a series of special editions published three times a year".)
The anthology contained material that had been published in the magazine from 1970 to 1974. There is a 13-page Mad magazine parody, various photo funnies (fumetti) and many comics from the "Funny Pages" section of the magazine, including artwork by Charles Rodrigues, Vaughn Bodé, Shary Flenniken, Jeff Jones, Gahan Wilson, M. K. Brown, Randy Enos, Bobby London, Ed Subitzky. Stan Mack and Joe Orlando.
References
Details of the contents page on Mark's Very Large National Lampoon Site
Comics
1974 books
Cossacks Go () is a 1991 Ukrainian adventure film directed by Serhiy Omelchuk.
Plot
Ukraine-Russia of the end of the XV century. Suddenly, all the gunpowder made at the manufactories disappears. The Cossacks, led by Maxim Trituz, gather together to find one of the convoys carrying gunpowder in January.
Cast
Mykhailo Holubovych - Maksym Trytuz
Inna Kapinos - Nastka
Les Zadniprovskyi - Stas Malchevsky
Yuri Muravytsky - Jesuit
Yuri Mazhuha - Som
Oleg Maslennikov - Overko
Andryi Borysenko - Talamara
olexandr Lytovchenko - Ivan Spudey
References
External links
Movie on imdb
1991 films
1990s historical adventure films
Ukrainian historical adventure films
Ukrainian-language films
Risograph is a brand of digital duplicators manufactured by the Riso Kagaku Corporation, that are designed mainly for high-volume photocopying and printing. It was released in Japan in 1980. It is sometimes called a printer-duplicator, as newer models can be used as a network printer as well as a stand-alone duplicator. When printing or copying many duplicates (generally more than 100) of the same content, it is typically far less expensive per page than a conventional photocopier, laser printer, or inkjet printer.
Process
The underlying technology is very similar to a mimeograph. It brings together several processes which were previously carried out manually, for example using the Riso Print Gocco system or the Gestetner system.
This simple technology is highly reliable compared to a standard photocopier and can achieve both very high speed (typically 150 pages per minute) and very low costs per copy when copying more than 100 copies. A good lifespan for a risograph might involve making 100,000 masters and 5,000,000 copies.
Risograph printers use a soy ink made from vegetable soybean oil. One disadvantage of this soy based ink printing medium is that all paper stock has to be uncoated for the ink to dry and adhere to the paper stock.
Because the process involves real ink like in offset printing, and does not require heat to fix the image on the paper that a photocopier or laser printer does, the output from a risograph can be treated like any offset-printed material. This means that sheets which have been through a risograph may be fed through a laser printer afterwards and vice versa.
Risographs have typically had interchangeable color inks and drums allowing for printing in different colors or using spot color in a single print job. The Riso MZ series models have two ink drums, thereby allowing two colors to be printed in one pass.
How to print
After sending the original through the machine, the Risograph makes an original master by making microscopic holes in the master with thermal heads.
This master is then wrapped around a drum and the ink is forced through the voids in the master. The paper runs flat through the machine while the drum rotates at high speed to create each image on the paper.
It's possible to print a document sending it via USB or scan it analogically with the platen glass scanner.
Manufacture
The key master-making thermal head component is manufactured by Toshiba. Machines similar to Risographs are manufactured by Ricoh, Gestetner, Rex Rotary, Nashuatec and Duplo. Gestetner, Rex Rotary and Nashuatec are now owned by Ricoh.
Use
For schools, clubs, churches, colleges, political campaigns, and other short-run print jobs, the risograph bridges the gap between a standard photocopier (which is cheaper up to about 100 copies) and using an offset press (which is cheaper over about 10,000 copies).
References
External links
US Riso Site
UK Riso Site
Japanese brands
Printing
Printing devices
Office equipment
Waterlife is a 2009 documentary film and web documentary about the state of the Great Lakes. It was directed by Kevin McMahon.
Film
Kevin McMahon began filming Waterlife in 2007. The film explores the beauty of the Great Lakes as well as their degradation due to water pollution. The film looks at the water system from its headwaters in Lake Superior to the Gulf of St. Lawrence, accompanied by Josephine Mandamin, an Anishinabe elder from Thunder Bay, who walks along the Great Lakes each spring to protest deteriorating conditions.
Waterlife is co-produced by Primitive Entertainment and the National Film Board of Canada (NFB). The film received the Special Jury Prize for Canadian Feature at the 2009 Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival. The United Kingdom distributor is Dogwoof Pictures.
Web documentary
The interactive version of Waterlife was created by Toronto-based web and design company Jam3 and creative directors Adrian Belina and Pablo Vio for the NFB, incorporating material from the documentary film. The conception and development of the website took approximately four months. Waterlife explores different aspects of the state of the Great Lakes through 23 individual sections, incorporating text, images and sound. It received the Webby Award for best web documentary (individual episode).
See also
The Rise and Fall of the Great Lakes, a 1968 NFB film about the Great Lakes
Water on the Table
References
External links
(requires Adobe Flash)
National Film Board of Canada web documentaries
Great Lakes
Documentary films about water and the environment
Canadian environmental websites
2009 documentary films
Webby Award winners
Water pollution in Canada
Water pollution in the United States
2009 films
2000s English-language films
2000s Canadian films
Ludwig Jetzinger (2 August 1892 – 3 August 1985) was an Austrian footballer. He played in two matches for the Austria national football team in 1915.
References
External links
1892 births
1985 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Lost Queens, or Locas Perdidas, is a short film of Chilean director Ignacio Juricic. The film was released at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival, where it was one of just 18 short films shortlisted from a list of 1,600 for the Cinéfondation and won second prize.
Plot
In 1996, 18-year-old Rodrigo is arrested by the police in a televised raid on the club where he works as a drag queen. He returns home fearful that his family will see him on the news. While all the family is getting ready for a wedding, he makes plans to run away with the 48-year-old hairdresser Mauricio, a family friend and Rodrigo's boyfriend.
See also
Cinema of Chile
References
External links
Cannes Film Festival official review
Official website
LGBT-related short films
2015 films
Chilean LGBT-related films
Chilean short films
2015 LGBT-related films
Drag (clothing)-related films
This is an incomplete list of works by the French modern artist Henri Matisse (31 December 1869 – 3 November 1954). He is admired for his use of color and his fluid, brilliant and original draughtsmanship. He was a Master draughtsman, printmaker, and sculptor, but is known primarily as a painter. Matisse is regarded, with Pablo Picasso, as the greatest artist of the 20th century. Although he was initially labeled as a Fauve (wild beast), by the 1920s, he was increasingly hailed as an upholder of the classical tradition in French painting.
His mastery of the expressive language of color and drawing, displayed in a body of work spanning over a half-century, won him recognition as a leading figure in modern art.
Paintings
Sculptures
Many of Matisse's sculptures were modeled in clay and later cast in bronze, a process which allows for multiple copies to be made. Because of that, many of these works exist in multiple copies and are in the collections of multiple museums.
Works on paper
Notes
References
Bibliography
Antonioz, Michael; Berggruen, Olivier; Böhringer, Hannes; Labrusse, Rémi; et al. (2006) Henri Matisse: Drawing With Scissors: Masterpieces from the Late Years Edited by Olivier Berggruen and Max Hollein, translated from the German edition of 2003 by Paul Aston. New York City: Prestel Verlag. .
Lists of works of art
Works by artist
Sabrina Lynn Motley is the director of the Smithsonian Folklife Festival at the Center for Folklife and Cultural Heritage. She was formerly senior director of programs and exhibitions at Asia Society Texas Center.
Life
Motley studied World Arts & Culture, African studies and anthropology at the University of California, Los Angeles. She previously worked at the Japanese American National Museum, the Vesper Society, Art Center College of Design and Otis Institute for Art and Design.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
Festival directors
American curators
Smithsonian Institution people
Marcela Del Sol is an Australian/Chilean writer. Born 10 July 1973 in Antofagasta, Chile, and who suffers dissociative identity disorder.
Del Sol's literature is well known for her dubious views about sexuality and for her crude writing style that fights patriarchy and sexual oppression, and abuse towards children and women.
Del Sol studied Dramatic Arts at NIDA and called herself "an eternal student".
In 2016, Del Sol published Kaleidoscope: My Life's Multiple Reflections, a fiction book based on her experiences with posttraumatic stress disorder and dissociative identity disorder. Her mental disorders were the result of traumatic events, including sexual assault, an armed robbery attack, and a serious car accident.
Del Sol finances and implements art education programs for at-risk children in Chile and elsewhere.
She has been described as an outstanding heart-wrenching writer and her work explores the dark side of life and realities people are afraid or uncomfortable to talk about.
Biography
Her father is a musician, songwriter and businessman and her mother worked as a theatre actress and Special education teacher. They separated early on. She has one younger brother, Felipe Sebastián who is a musician (composer, guitar player, multi-instrumentalist), and freelancer Computer engineer and Network security expert, who has been the youngest lead guitarist in the history of heavy metal band Panzer and Chilean progressive rock pioneer with the musical trio Elefhante.
Her paternal grandmother Victoria Idalia Campusano was a socialist political figure in the north of Chile and a personal friend and campaigner of Chilean Socialist President Salvador Allende. Her maternal grandfather's family owned the now dissolved Cristobal Inn Hotels chain in Chile, her maternal aunt Aurora Williams Baussa was the Chilean Minister for Mining during President Michelle Bachelet second period.
Del Sol was educated in Instituto Santa Maria, a German Catholic School in Antofagasta, Chile where she was distinguished and awarded for her literary talent.
She met an Australian scientist in Antofagasta, her former husband and the father of her two children, and migrated to Australia in the early 1990s.
She was diagnosed with dissociative identity disorder, posttraumatic stress disorder in 2013, following a number of adverse experiences, including sexual abuse, an accident and decided to come out in the open about her condition on international media. She has been outspoken about eradicating stigma attached to mental health sufferers and has made several appearances in the media to this effect, including a documentary for 60 Minutes, which sparked some hurtful opinions about del Sol that were responded to by Peter Stefanovic and D.I.D. specialist psychiatrist Nick Bendit in support of Marcela.
In 2016 Del Sol was involved in a publicly criticized radio interview with Jackie O and Kyle Sandilands where controversial Sandilands expressed he would like to have sex with del Sol if he were single and proceeded to strip live at her request during one of del Sol's dissociative episodes.
Marcela del Sol lives in Newcastle, Australia where she leads a very private life, opposed to her public image.
She has often stated that she regularly travels to Chile as a way of finding healing and contention for her condition, and uses these times to run creative writing and life mentoring workshops with girls at risk, and feminist education. She finances all her social endeavors.
Marcela del Sol is also the founder of RelacioneSexuales an annual cycle of feminist conversations open to public, where she gathers well known personalities who share their experiences living in a patriarchal society, and with a focus to propose ways to resolve and improve women's lives as well as providing legal, sexual health, psychological and other support.
Some of these well known speakers have included: TV and Radio personality Nicolas Copano, Music Icon Juan Sativo, photographer Zaida Gonzalez (also sister to Los Prisioneros Jorge González), photographer Gabriela Rivera, Mapuche leader Ana Llao, and singer Planta Carnivora.
Literary career
Marcela del Sol started writing at a very early age. She constantly represented her school at literary competitions. Her first publication was at around age 14: a piece of poetry for a local government newsletter.
As an adult and among other non-related jobs, she worked as a Ghostwriter specializing in well known personalities' biographies until the launch of her first self-signed book "Kaleidoscope: my life's multiple reflections" in 2016. that reached Best Seller status on Amazon.
In December 2016 del Sol launched a regionalized Chilean version titled "Caleidoscopio". The fiction novel tells the story of Lucia, an overly sexual woman who, like the author, lives with D.I.D. and P.T.S.D. and shows the ramifications that sexual abuse has on its victims as well as the intricate and painful ways Lucia has to keep alive and find some solace in a rather discriminating world.
The book sparked controversy due to its highly explicit sexual content and the little known reality of people who have D.I.D. and it has been referred to it as a book that "leaves 50 shades looking as a sweet blushing kiss."
In 2017 Marcela launched her book "InmorTal", a collection of real life stories of sexual violence against Chilean girls and women with strong emphasis on the clergy and upper classes. She invited her friend Gabriela Rivera Lucero, a renowned Chilean feminist photographer who worked with her in Caleidoscopio to collaborate doing a small series of black and white explicit images that were taken during urban interventions at churches and cemeteries as well as studio shots and counted with the assistance of their families and eminent actor Julio Jung who posed next to Marcela. A selection of these photographs was included in the book.
Del Sol has stated that her inspiration to publish InmorTal came from Nabila Rifo, a victim to one of the most violent domestic violence crimes in Chile, having had her eyes gouged by her ex-partner. She felt there was a need to inmortalise Rifo's story, ordeal and strength in order to push society towards effectively fighting gender violence. Marcela met and befriended Nabila Rifo and has been a tireless supporter of hers.
Rifo wrote a few lines as a call to end violence against women, which were included in InmorTal.
Del Sol has been a collaborator in a number of publications in Australia and Chile and participates in social poetry events in Australia.
Works
Kaleidoscope: my life's multiple reflections (English, 2016)]
Caleidoscopio (Spanish, 2016)
InmorTal (Spanish, 2017)
References
Living people
Australian women writers
Chilean women writers
Chilean erotica writers
Chilean philanthropists
Chilean activists
Chilean women activists
Chilean feminists
Australian women philanthropists
Australian philanthropists
Australian activists
Australian feminist writers
Australian erotica writers
1973 births
Miguel Van Damme (25 September 1993 – 29 March 2022) was a Belgian professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Cercle Brugge. He came from Cercle's youth team.
Club career
Van Damme made his debut on 5 April 2014 in the Jupiler Pro League. He played the full game in a 1–0 home defeat against K.V. Mechelen.
Sports results
Belgian second football Division (1): won the Belgian second division during the Season 2017/2018
Personal life
Marriage
Van Damme was married to Kyana Dobbelaere, and they had one child, born in 2021.
Health
In June 2016, during a routine check-up before the 2016–17 season, Van Damme was diagnosed with leukemia. One year later his cancer was in remission and he signed a new contract with Cercle until June 2019. He recovered and despite still needing medication on a daily basis, he was able to play in the 2017–18 Belgian Cup on 20 September 2017 against Genk. In January 2020 Van Damme relapsed from leukaemia and was informed the chances of survival were low. Despite this, he received immunotherapy, and signed a new one-year contract with Cercle on 16 June 2020. On 18 October 2021, he relapsed again, leaving him to battle leukemia for the fifth time in five years. He eventually succumbed to the disease on 29 March 2022. Cercle Brugge paid tribute to him in a statement: “Miguel, your perseverance and strength to go for it over and over, setback after setback, was admirable. You are an example of positivity, persistence and fighting spirit. A source of inspiration for everyone who fights. Forever in our green-black heart, #16.”
References
External links
1993 births
2022 deaths
Footballers from Ghent
Flemish sportspeople
Belgian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Belgian First Division A players
Belgian First Division B players
Cercle Brugge K.S.V. players
Deaths from cancer in Belgium
Deaths from leukemia
The 1879 Racine College football team represented Racine College during the 1879 college football season. Racine and the University of Michigan inaugurated college football in the Midwest with a match played on May 30, 1879. Michigan won, 1–0.
References
Racine College
College football winless seasons
Racine College football
Kakkmaddafakka is a Norwegian indie rock band formed and based in Bergen. They are known for their high energy live performances.
The band is one of many artists who emerged from Bergen, which the Norwegian press has called the "New Bergen Wave", as it is reminiscent of the many successful bands that emerged from Bergen in the late 1990s and the early 2000s.
History
Formation and Down to Earth (2004-2007)
The band was formed by brothers Axel and Pål Vindenes, together with school friends Jonas Nielsen and Stian Sævig in 2004. All classically trained musicians, the band was formed to play a one-off show at a local youth centre, Ungdomshuset 1880, but after positive response the band continued to play many live shows around Norway. In 2006, the band made their first recording and released the EP Already Your Favourite EP which was produced by Matias Tellez.
Kakkmaddafakka released its first LP Down to Earth on 24 September 2007, which reached number twenty on the VG Topp30 Album list and brought the band nationwide attention in their native Norway, despite a largely negative critical response.
Hest and Six Months is a Long Time (2011-2013)
On 25 February 2011, Kakkmaddafakka released their second album Hest. The album was produced by Erlend Øye and released on the label Bubbles. The first single taken from the album was "Restless".
On 28 June 2013, the band released their third album Six Months Is a Long Time. It was again produced by Erlend Øye and released on Universal Music Germany, featuring the singles "Someone New", "Young" and "Forever Alone".
In early 2014, pianist and founder member Jonas Nielsen left the band and was replaced by Sebastian Emin Kittelsen.
KMF and Hus (2016–2017)
The band released their fourth album titled KMF on 18 March 2016. One year later Kakkmaddafakka released their fifth album Hus. In 2017, after 12 years playing in the band, the guitarist and singer Pål Vindenes started a parallel solo project under the name Pish. In January 2018 the band released the single Incorruptible.
Band members
Members
Axel Vindenes - vocals, guitar
Pål Vindenes Pish - vocals, guitar, cello
Stian Sævig - bass, backing vocals, vocals
Kristoffer Van Der Pas - drums, backing vocals
Sebastian Kittelsen - piano
Former members
Jonas Nielsen - piano, vocals
Lars Helmik Raaheim-Olsen - percussion, backing vocals
Discography
Albums
Down to Earth (2007)
Hest (2011)
Six Months Is a Long Time (2013)
KMF (2016)
Hus (2017)
Diplomacy (2019)
Revelation (2022)
EPs
Already Your Favourite EP (2007)
Ontas? (2020)
References
External links
Official website
Norwegian indie rock groups
Musical groups established in 2004
2004 establishments in Norway
Musical groups from Bergen
Lori Harrigan-Mack (born September 5, 1970) is an American, former collegiate All-American, right-handed hitting, left-handed softball pitcher originally from Anaheim, California. She was a three-time Olympic Champion as a member of the Team USA winning in 1996, 2000 and 2004. Harrigan played collegiately from 1989–1992 at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas where she owns numerous records; she is the Big West Conference career leader in shutouts and innings pitched and is a USA Softball Hall of Fame honoree.
Career
University of Nevada, Las Vegas
Harrigan kicked off her career being named a 1989 Second Team All-Big West honoree. She broke school season records in ERA, strikeouts and shutouts, all remain top-10 all-time. For her sophomore year, she earned identical conference accolades and broke her own ERA record while also setting new marks in wins (1990 NCAA top-10) and shutouts, both career highs, the latter of which remains the best for a Rebel season. Along with the second most innings pitched record (top-10 in the conference all-time), Harrigan also twirled her first no-hitter vs. the Utah Utes on March 16, 1990. The Rebels would make the 1990 Women's College World Series and Harrigan would toss all three games, including a win over the Kent State Golden Flashes before being eliminated by the FSU Seminoles on May 26.
As a junior, Harrigan earned a NFCA Third Team All-American citation to go along with a First Team All-Big West award. She would better her own ERA record and post a school and career best in strikeouts. Her wins (1991 NCAA top-10), shutouts and innings pitched are top-5 for a school season, the innings remains a conference top-10 mark. Harrigan would also toss two no-hitters that year. Her second and last appearance at the WCWS included a 13-inning loss to eventual champs the Arizona Wildcats on May 23.
For a final time Harrigan was named First Team for the conference and Third Team All-American. With career best strikeout ratio (5.7) as well as school season record WHIP, ERA and top-10 shutouts and strikeouts school marks, she also pitched three no-hitters and a perfect game. The lone school perfect performance on March 24, 1992 vs. the Missouri Tigers was an 8-inning win for Harrigan. Her ERA was ranked 10th for that NCAA year. For one of her no-hitters on February 14, she would set the school single game strikeouts record, fanning 15 of the Southern Utah Thunderbirds in regulation.
The Rebel would end her career leading in wins, ERA, strikeouts, shutouts and innings pitched and continues to hold the crown for all. Harrigan is tops in the Big West for shutouts and innings pitched and top-5 in wins, strikeouts and ERA all-time.
On February 26, 1998, Harrigan's jersey number was ceremonially retired. She was later inducted into the UNLV Rebels Hall of Fame.
Post-softball
Harrigan is the director of security at the Mandarin Oriental, Las Vegas.
The Biggest Loser: Glory Days
Harrigan was a contestant on the 16th season of the reality competition The Biggest Loser, titled The Biggest Loser: Glory Days, which premiered on September 11, 2014, on NBC. She began the show weighing 301 pounds and was 210 pounds on the day of the finale, for a total weight loss of 91 pounds.
Personal life
Harrigan is married to Andrew Mack and has a son, Shawn.
Career statistics
UNLV Rebels
Team USA Olympic Games
References
External links
Lori Harrigan-Mack, The Biggest Loser Season 16
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yko8zIUPYlc
1970 births
Living people
Softball players from California
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in softball
Sportspeople from Anaheim, California
UNLV Rebels softball players
Olympic softball players of the United States
Medalists at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Softball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Softball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Softball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
The Egyptian goose (Alopochen aegyptiaca) is a member of the duck, goose, and swan family Anatidae. It is native to Africa south of the Sahara and the Nile Valley.
Egyptian geese were considered sacred by the Ancient Egyptians, and appeared in much of their artwork. Because of their popularity chiefly as an ornamental bird, escapees are common and feral populations have become established in Western Europe, the United States, and New Zealand.
Taxonomy
The Egyptian goose is believed to be most closely related to the shelducks (genus Tadorna) and their relatives, and is placed with them in the subfamily Tadorninae. It is the only extant member of the genus Alopochen, which also contains closely related prehistoric and recently extinct species. mtDNA cytochrome b sequence data suggest that the relationships of Alopochen to Tadorna need further investigation.
Etymology
The generic name Alopochen (literally, fox-goose) is based on Greek (alōpós, also alōpēx), "fox", and (chēn) "goose", referring to the ruddy colour of its back. The word χήν : chēn is grammatically of either masculine or feminine gender.
The species name aegyptiacus (or aegyptiaca) is from the Latin Aegyptiacus, "Egyptian".
Description
It swims well and in flight looks heavy, more like a goose than a duck, hence the English name. It is long.
The sexes of this species are identical in plumage but the males average slightly larger. There is a fair amount of variation in plumage tone, with some birds greyer and others browner, but this is not sex- or age-related. A large part of the wings of mature birds is white, but in repose the white is hidden by the wing coverts. When it is aroused, either in alarm or aggression, the white begins to show. In flight or when the wings are fully spread in aggression, the white is conspicuous.
The voices and vocalisations of the sexes differ, the male having a hoarse, subdued duck-like quack which seldom sounds unless it is aroused. The male Egyptian goose attracts its mate with an elaborate, noisy courtship display that includes honking, neck stretching and feather displays. The female has a far noisier raucous quack that frequently sounds in aggression and almost incessantly at the slightest disturbance when tending her young.
Distribution
This species breeds widely in Africa except in deserts and dense forests, and is locally abundant. They are found mostly in the Nile Valley and south of the Sahara. While not breeding, it disperses somewhat, sometimes making longer migrations northwards into the arid regions of the Sahel. It spread to Great Britain, Denmark, the Netherlands, Belgium, France, Germany and Italy where there are self-sustaining populations which are mostly derived from escaped ornamental birds. Escapes have also bred on occasion in other places, such as Texas, Florida, California, and New Zealand.
The British population dates back to the 18th century, though only formally added to the British list in 1971. In Great Britain, it is found mainly in East Anglia, and in various locations along the River Thames, where it breeds at sites with open water, short grass and suitable nesting locations (either islands, holes in old trees or amongst epicormic shoots on old trees). During the winter, they are widely dispersed within river valleys, where they feed on short grass and cereals. In the United Kingdom in 2009, it was officially declared a non-native species. Accordingly, Egyptian geese in Great Britain may be shot without special permission if they cause problems.
In Europe, the species has been included since 2017 in the list of Invasive Alien Species of Union concern (the Union list). This implies that this species cannot be imported, bred, transported, commercialized, used, exchanged or intentionally released into the environment and member states are obliged to try to eradicate the species.
Behaviour
This is a largely terrestrial species, which will also perch readily on trees and buildings. Egyptian geese typically eat seeds, leaves, grasses and plant stems. Occasionally, they will eat locusts, worms, or other small animals. Until the goslings are a few weeks old and strong enough to graze, they feed largely on small aquatic invertebrates, especially freshwater plankton. As a result, if anoxic conditions lead to the production of botulinum toxin and it gets passed up the food chain via worms and insect larvae insensitive to the toxin, entire clutches of goslings feeding on such prey may die. The parents, who do not eat such organisms to any significant extent, generally remain unaffected.
Both sexes are aggressively territorial towards their own species when breeding and frequently pursue intruders into the air, attacking them in aerial "dogfights". Egyptian geese have been observed attacking aerial objects such as drones that enter their habitat as well. Neighbouring pairs may even kill another's offspring for their own offsprings' survival, as well as for more resources.
This species will nest in a large variety of situations, especially in holes in mature trees in parkland. The female builds the nest from reeds, leaves and grass and both parents take turns incubating the eggs. Egyptian geese usually pair for life. Both the male and female care for the offspring until they are old enough to care for themselves. Such parental care, however, does not include foraging for the young, who, being precocial, forage for themselves.
In their native range, predators of Egyptian geese include leopards, lions, cheetahs, hyenas, crocodiles and Old World vultures.
Gallery
References
External links
Egyptian Goose information from Birds of Britain
Egyptian Goose photos from Go Birding
Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds
Egyptian goose
Egyptian goose
Birds of Africa
Egyptian goose
Egyptian goose
Courage () is a 1939 Soviet adventure film directed by Mikhail Kalatozov.
Plot
The film tells about the pilot of the civil air fleet Aleksey Tomilin, who suddenly decides from now on to avoid extreme situations and fly only in a straight line, but everything changes drastically when a saboteur sits next to him.
Starring
Oleg Zhakov as Aleksey Tomilin - pilot
Dmitry Dudnikov as Mustafa Khadzhi - japanese army spy
Konstantin Sorokin as Vlasov - pilot
Aleksey Bondi as Squadron leader
Aleksandr Benyaminov as Yusuf - barman
Fyodor Fedorovsky as Captain Bystrov
Pyotr Nikashin as Kostya Kuzmin - flight engineer
Zula Nakhashkiyev as Dugar
Tamara Nagayeva as Faizi - pilot
Nikolai Urvantsev as Dispatcher (uncredited)
References
External links
1939 films
1930s Russian-language films
Soviet adventure films
Soviet black-and-white films
1939 adventure films
Caney Creek is a stream in Ozark County in the Ozarks of south central Missouri. The stream is a tributary of Pine Creek.
The stream headwaters arise on Preston Flat Ridge in the Caney Mountain Conservation Area about six miles north of Gainesville. The stream flows to the southeast passing Caney Mountain, which was named for the creek, and under Missouri Route 181 southwest of Zanoni and continues on to the southeast to its confluence with Pine Creek southwest of the community of Luna and one mile northwest of the confluence of Pine Creek with Bryant Creek northwest of Tecumseh.
References
Rivers of Ozark County, Missouri
Rivers of Missouri
Top Chef Thailand is a Thai reality competition television series. The show premiered on March 25, 2017 on ONE HD. The first season consisted of 13 episodes, with 15 contestants vying for a grand prize of ฿1,000,000. Contestants shopped at Makro Food Service. Contestants are judged by a panel of professional chefs and other notables from the food and wine industry, with one or more contestants being eliminated each week.
Hosts and Judges
Running time
All times are Indochina Time (UTC+07:00).
Season 1
Season 2
Season 3
TBA
Desserts
TBA
Show Format
Quickfire Challenge round (Speed, skills, and solve unexpected problems test): The warm up competition for contestants before the Elimination Challenge. The winners of this competition will be eligible, which has the advantage of the next race. In this round, one contestant will be eliminated. (only in episode 1)
Elimination Challenge round (Knockout stage): The contestants prepare one or more dishes to meet the challenge requirements. In this round, at the least one contestant will be eliminated.
Elimination Quickfire Challenge (Special knockout stage): The special round in episode 12, this round is like the Quickfire Challenge round. In this round, at the least one contestant will be eliminated.
Seasons
References
External links
Facebook
Thai television series based on American television series
Thai television series
Thailand
2017 Thai television series debuts
Thai reality television series
One 31 original programming
Vallis Alps are an electronic music duo based in Sydney, Australia, composed of producer David Ansari and vocalist Parissa Tosif, who are originally from Seattle and Canberra respectively.
Career
2015-2016: Vallis Alps
In January 2015, They released the tracks "Young" and "Thru" on Triple J and their first Extended play, Vallis Alps. Following the success of their debut EP, Vallis Alps announced their first Australian tour dates in August 2015, including a performance at Splendour in the Grass in July. The pair moved to Sydney in late 2015. Their 2015 was capped off with a nomination for the J Award for Unearthed Artist of the Year in 2015. "Young" went on to place number 27 on the Triple J Hottest 100, 2015. In November 2016, the duo released a new track titled "Fading". The track placed at number 94 on the Triple J Hottest 100, 2016.
2017-present: Fable
In March 2017, the duo released "East", the lead single from the duo's second EP, Fable.
On 31 August 2017, the duo released a single, "Oceans", which tells the sacrifice women take and is also inspired upon the 19th century Iranian woman Tahirih who fought for women's rights in Iran.
On 16 December 2021, they announced on Twitter that they finished their newest album, which is set to be released in 2022.
Discography
Extended plays
Singles
Awards and nominations
J Award
The J Awards are an annual series of Australian music awards that were established by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's youth-focused radio station Triple J. They commenced in 2005.
|-
| J Awards of 2015
|themselves
| Unearthed Artist of the Year
|
References
Australian pop music groups
Australian musical duos
Quzaḥ (Arabic: ) is a pre-Islamic Arab god of weather, worshiped by the people of Muzdalifah. The pre-Islamic rite of the Ifada celebrated after the September equinox was performed facing the direction of Quzah's sanctuary. A lasting reference to Quzah is the term qaws Quzaḥ (), "Bow of Quzah", which became the Arabic term for rainbow.
References
Arabian gods
Sky and weather gods
Rainbows in culture
The 2014 ICC World Twenty20 was the fifth ICC World Twenty20 competition, an international Twenty20 cricket tournament, that took place in Bangladesh from 16 March to 6 April 2014. It was played in three cities — Dhaka, Chittagong and Sylhet. The International Cricket Council announced Bangladesh as host in 2010. It was the second consecutive time that an Asian country is hosting this event, as Sri Lanka hosted the previous tournament in 2012. Sri Lanka won the tournament, beating India by 6 wickets in the final at Mirpur.
Format
During Group Stage points were awarded to the teams as follows:
In the event of teams finishing on equal points in their group, the following tie-breakers were applied to determine their order in the table in the following order of priority: most wins, higher net run rate, head-to-head record in matches involving the tied teams.
Teams
For the first time, the tournament featured 16 teams. All ten full members qualified automatically, joined by the six associate members that qualified through the 2013 ICC World Twenty20 Qualifier. The qualifying teams are Ireland, Afghanistan, Netherlands and making their World Twenty20 debut the UAE, Nepal and Hong Kong.
The first round consisted of 8 teams and 2 teams moved to next round. Second round was the Super 10 stage which consisted of 2 groups of 5 teams each. The top eight Full Member nations in the ICC T20I Championship rankings as of 8 October 2012 automatically progressed to the Super 10 stage of 2014 ICC World Twenty20.
Joining the eight full members in the super 10 stage was host nation Bangladesh (also a full member) and associate nation The Netherlands who topped their first round group by net run rate ahead of Test playing nation Zimbabwe and Ireland.
Match officials
The match referees' responsibilities throughout the tournament were shared between four members of the Elite Panel of ICC Referees:
David Boon
Javagal Srinath
Ranjan Madugalle
Roshan Mahanama
The on-field responsibilities for officiating the tournament were shared by all 11 of the Elite Panel of ICC Umpires and 3 umpires from the International Panel of Umpires and Referees:
Australia
Steve Davis
Bruce Oxenford
Paul Reiffel
Rod Tucker
England
Ian Gould
Richard Illingworth
Nigel Llong
Richard Kettleborough
India
Sundaram Ravi
New Zealand
Billy Bowden
Pakistan
Aleem Dar
South Africa
Marais Erasmus
Sri Lanka
Kumar Dharmasena
Ranmore Martinesz
Squads
Venues
Thirty-one matches were played at three venues in Dhaka, Chittagong and Sylhet.
Warm-up matches
First stage
Group A
Advanced to Super 10
Group B
Advanced to Super 10
Super 10
Group 1
Advanced to Knockout stage.
Group 2
Advanced to Knockout stage.
Knockout stage
Semi-finals
Final
Statistics
Most runs
Source: Cricinfo
Most wickets
Source: Cricinfo
Media
Logo
On 6 April 2013, ICC unveiled the logo of the tournament at a gala event in Dhaka. The overall look of the logo design is primarily inspired by the unique Bangladesh decoration art style. The logo uses the colours of the Bangladeshi flag with splashes of blue representing the country's rivers (also as being the ICC's own colour). The logo is also inspired by the rickshaws. The T is made up of cricket stumps and the '0' in the T20 represents the cricket ball complete with a green seam.
Theme song
The official theme song for the 2014 ICC World Twenty20 Char Chokka Hoi Hoi was released on 20 February 2014. It was composed by Fuad al Muqtadir and sung by Dilshad Nahar Kona, Dilshad Karim Elita, Pantha Konai, Johan Alamgir, Sanvir Huda, Badhon Sarkar Puja and Kaushik Hossain Taposh. The song received widespread popularity among the Bangladeshi youth as well as the Bangladeshi diaspora abroad and gave birth to a new trend of flashmobs in the major cities of Bangladesh.
Broadcasting
See also
2014 ICC Women's World Twenty20
Notes
References
External links
ICC World Twenty20 - Official website
ICC World T20 2014 coverage on Wisden India
ICC World T20 2014 coverage on ESPNCricinfo
ICC World Twenty20
International cricket competitions in 2014
Cricket
ICC Men's T20 World Cup
ICC World Twenty20
ICC World Twenty20
Deepak Wadhwa is an Indian actor. He has performed many roles in various Hindi television shows, like Dhoondh Legi Manzil Humein, Kaali- Ek Punar Avtaar, Ishq Kills, Qubool Hai, Tamanna, Code Red and Haasil. As of July 2017, he has done his most recent role in Yeh Hai Mohabbatein. He has also appeared in a cameo in Calendar Girls. He is known for playing lead role of Sanjay in Star Plus sports-drama Meri Tamanna and Rahaat in Zee TV's Qubool Hai.
Television
STAR Plus' Yeh Hai Mohabbatein as Gaurav Bajaj
STAR One's Dhoondh Legi Manzil Humein
STAR Plus's Ishq Kills & Kaali – Ek Punar Avatar
STAR Plus' Teri Meri Love Stories as Sunil Gupta
Zee TV's Qubool Hai as Major Rahat Ansari
Colors TV's Code Red
Sony TV's Aahat (season 6)
Sony TV's Haasil as David
Zing's Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya (season 5) as Deepak
Star Plus's Tamanna as Sanjay Pratap Singh
&tv's Gangaa as Rudra
MTV's Webbed
Colors TV's Naagin 3 as Mohit Sippi
Sony TV's Vighnaharta Ganesh as Raktabeej
Sony TV's Kuch Rang Pyar Ke Aise Bhi as Jatin
Film
Calendar Girls as Inzamam
References
External links
21st-century Indian male actors
1987 births
Punjabi people
Indian male models
Indian male television actors
Indian male film actors
Male actors in Hindi television
Male actors in Hindi cinema
Male actors from Mumbai
Living people
Kathryn Dyakanoff Seller (1884–1980) was an Alaska Native educator. With her husband, she built and opened the first government-funded schoolhouse in the Aleutian Islands, in 1909.
Early life
Ekaterina (Kathryn) Pelagiia Dyakanoff was born in Unalaska, in an Aleut family. She lived at the missionary Jesse Lee Home for Children as a girl. She was sent to the Carlisle Indian Industrial School in Pennsylvania, graduating in 1906, and then to Westchester State Normal School, where she completed her studies in 1907.
Career
Kathryn Dyakanoff started teaching in 1908, in Sitka, for the Bureau of Indian Affairs. With her new husband, she sailed to Atka, Alaska in 1909 to open a new school for the bureau, the first government-funded schoolhouse in the Aleutian Islands. The school building was also their home, and they were active in the community, helping to build a community farm, acquiring a boat for community use, in addition to offering an industrial shop and sewing machines for students. The couple taught on several of the islands before returning to Anchorage in 1920. In widowhood, Kathryn returned to teaching at remote Alaskan schools that served Native students. She developed her skills as a basketmaker, served at various times as a midwife, health officer, reservation superintendent, and photographer. In 1950 her lifetime achievements were recognized with an award from the Department of the Interior and a medal from the United States Congress.
A former student, Mary Peterson, recalled Kathryn Seller's kindness later in life: "Mrs. Seller – Kathryn Seller – was my teacher. She was kind of old already, with gray, short hair. She was everything to us. She helped people that needed food...I don't know where she ordered them from, but she knew some of the people in the village who were in need because they had no money to buy food."
Personal life
Kathryn Dyakanoff married English-born Harry George Seller in Seattle in 1909. They had six children. Their son Alfred drowned as a boy; their son Harry died in the Aleutian Islands Campaign during World War II. Kathryn was widowed when her husband died in 1936. Kathryn Dyakanoff Seller died in San Francisco in 1980, aged 95 years.
References
Alaska Native people
1980 deaths
20th-century American educators
1884 births
WTXY (1540 AM) is a daytime-only radio station broadcasting a classic hits music format, with local news, sports and community information. Licensed to Whiteville, North Carolina, United States, the station, along with translator W280FO (103.9 FM), is owned by Jeffrey Allen Jones and Glasgow Hicks III, through licensee Audiotraxx Media Partners LLC.
History
WTXY's first license was granted to original owner Greg Singletary (Waccamaw Broadcasting Co.) on November 17, 1978 with the call letters WOOZ. The station changed its call letters on December 31, 1979 to WTXY. The radio station was sold to Tom Stanley (Stanley Broadcasting, Inc.) in 1980, who served the community until he sold it to Jeff Millikin (Millikin Broadcasting) on March 14, 2007. The station was immediately put up for sale and purchased by Rob Kendall and Jason Dozier (WTXY Radio, LLC) on August 6, 2008. The station was granted the license to begin simulcasting on the 250-watt 103.9FM W280FO on July 16, 2018. Audiotraxx Media Partners purchased the station from WTXY Radio, LLC on August 1, 2019.
The station carries Whiteville High School Football and Baseball coverage in Columbus County.
On August 1, 2019, WTXY changed their format from soft adult contemporary to classic hits, branded as "Kool 103.9".
References
External links
TXY
Classic hits radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1976
1976 establishments in North Carolina
TXY
Cape Lancaster () is a cape forming the southern extremity of Anvers Island, in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica. It was discovered by a German expedition under Eduard Dallmann, 1873–74. The cape was later sighted by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition, 1897–99, under Gerlache, who named it for Albert Lancaster, Scientific Director of the Meteorological Service of the Royal Observatory of Belgium and a supporter of the expedition.
References
Cape Lancaster
Headlands of the Palmer Archipelago
Akrem El-Twati (born 23 March 1985) is a Libyan futsal player.
Twati played for the Libya national futsal team at the 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup.
Honors
African Futsal Championship:
2008
Arab Futsal Championship:
2007, 2008
References
1985 births
Living people
Libyan men's futsal players
Debbie Pratt (born 18 February 1969) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics.
References
1969 births
Living people
British female alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Karabük, Şereflikoçhisar is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
The Man with a Cross () is a 1943 Italian war film directed by Roberto Rossellini and starring Alberto Tavazzi, Roswita Schmidt and Attilio Dottesio. It was the final part of Rossellini's "Fascist trilogy" following The White Ship (1941) and A Pilot Returns (1942). It is loosely inspired by Reginaldo Giuliani, an Italian military chaplain who had been killed on active service.
The film was made at Cinecittà with location shooting in the countryside around Ladispoli standing in for the Eastern Front. Although the film incorporates elements of neorealism such as the use of amateur actors in some parts, stylistically it is closer to a more conventional war film. Rossellini cast his friend, the art director Alberto Tavazzi in the title role, while his girlfriend Roswita Schmidt played the female lead.
Synopsis
The film is set in the summer of 1942 in Ukraine where Italian troops are fighting those of the Soviet Union. A military chaplain volunteers to stay behind with a badly wounded Italian soldier, even though this means certain capture.
Cast
Alberto Tavazzi as Il cappellano militare
Roswita Schmidt as Irina, la miliziana
Attilio Dottesio as Il carrista ferito
Doris Hild as Una contadina russa
Zoia Weneda as Un'altra contadina russa
Antonio Marietti as Serghej, il commissario del popolo
Piero Pastore as Beyrov
Aldo Capacci as Lo studente soldato
Franco Castellani as Un soldato russo ferito
Gualtiero Isnenghi as Il ferito antibolscevico
Antonio Suriano as Il soldato napoletano
Marcello Tanzi as Diego
References
Bibliography
Bondanella, Peter. A History of Italian Cinema. Continuum, 2009.
Bondanella, Peter. The Films of Roberto Rossellini. Cambridge University Press, 1993.
External links
1943 films
Italian war drama films
Italian black-and-white films
1940s war drama films
1940s Italian-language films
Films directed by Roberto Rossellini
World War II films made in wartime
Films set in Ukraine
Films shot in Lazio
Eastern Front of World War II films
Films shot at Cinecittà Studios
1943 drama films
Films scored by Renzo Rossellini
Italian World War II films
1940s Italian films
William Irving was a steamship captain and entrepreneur in Oregon, US and British Columbia, Canada. The Irvington neighborhood in Portland, Oregon is named in his honor and in New Westminster, British Columbia his home, "Irving House", is now a heritage site.
He was one of the earliest pioneers of steamer travel in the Pacific Northwest and is remembered as one of the most successful and popular captains of the era.
Early years
William Irving was born in 1816 in Annan, Dumfriesshire Scotland. In 1831, he journeyed to Boston, Massachusetts and by the age of twenty-five he was a licensed steamship captain.
Oregon
In 1849 he traveled to Oregon, stopping along the way in Sacramento, California, where he worked unloading cargo during the California Gold Rush before continuing on to Portland. He purchased Block 12 of the Portland townsite and began a transportation business that delivered lumber by steamer up from California to Portland.
In 1851 he married 18-year-old Elizabeth Dixon who had just arrived in Oregon from Indiana the previous year.
William built his new bride a large house along the river and they stayed there for nine years and had five children: Mary, John, Susan, Elizabeth, and Nellie.
When the family moved to British Columbia in 1859, their Portland home was taken over by Elizabeth's sister and her husband, George Shaver and would be called the "Shaver House".
After his death in 1872, his wife would return to Portland and continue to manage the family's holdings. His daughter Elizabeth would marry and also build a home in the neighborhood in 1884, named the "Spencer House", which still exists today and has the honor of being the oldest in the neighborhood.
British Columbia
In 1859, William Irving and his family moved to Victoria, where he became a partner in the Victoria Steam Navigation Company and built two sternwheelers, the Governor Douglas and the Colonel Moody to serve between New Westminster and Victoria. However, Irving did not have a monopoly on the route and rate wars soon erupted between him and his main rival, Captain William Moore who was running his Henrietta on the same route. By that September, freight rates, which had begun at $12 at ton, dropped to 50 cents a ton and fares, which had been $10 a passenger also dropped to 50 cents.
By 1860, when the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush was starting to decline, more than a dozen sternwheelers were working in the on the Fraser River between New Westminster, Fort Hope and Port Douglas and more were arriving from American waters or were being built locally. Finally the individual owners got together and put an end to the rivalry by cooperatively increasing their rates.
In 1862, news of the gold strikes in the Cariboo Gold Rush brought 4,000 miners to the area and the rate wars began anew. Irving sold his boats to John Wright and William Moore left to go work on the Stikine River, briefly putting an end to their rivalry. Irving immediately had another sternwheeler built, the Reliance and was kept busy shipping miners and supplies to Yale where they could travel on the nearly completed Cariboo Wagon Road to the goldfields at Barkerville.
In 1863 and '64 rate wars erupted again when Irving's old rival, Moore returned from the Stikine River, rich with profits and ready to take on the new Reliance with his Flying Dutchman and Alexandra. Nevertheless, Irving managed to keep most of his customers and Moore claimed bankruptcy and his boats were taken from service.
Captain William Irving moved his family to New Westminster, into their new house at 302 Royal Avenue, on August 5, 1865. This house is preserved as Irving House and is the oldest intact house in the Lower mainland of British Columbia.
By 1865, there were only four sternwheelers on the lower Fraser River, Irving's Reliance and Onward and Captain Fleming's Lillooet and Hope. The two captains agreed to run their sternwheelers on alternate years and take an equal share of the profits.
1871 was the year that British Columbia went from being the Colony of British Columbia and became a province in Canada, an arrangement that included the promise of a railway constructed to the coast. The construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway would breathe new life into the area and make the faltering river trade profitable again. Tragically, William Irving would not live long enough to enjoy the prosperity of this new era. He died on August 28, 1872 at New Westminster. On the day of his funeral all of the flags in town were flown at half-mast and all of the stores were closed. He is buried at the Fraser Cemetery in New Westminster.
Although he was only eighteen, William's son, John Irving, would take over his father's business and become every bit as successful in the river trade in British Columbia in the following decades.
Notes
Further reading
Paddlewheels on the Frontier Volume One Art Downs
Captain William Moore BC's Amazing Frontiersman Norman Hacking .
External links
Irvington, Oregon
Irving House
William Irving obituary
Fraser Cemetery New Westminster
Steamship captains
History of British Columbia
History of transportation in Oregon
1816 births
1872 deaths
People from Annan, Dumfries and Galloway
The Misk Hills consist of a gently undulating sandstone plateau between Hucknall and Annesley in the county of Nottinghamshire in the North East Midlands of England. They offer views Southwards across the town of Hucknall, and the City of Nottingham. They are locally considered to be the first hills in the Pennine Chain, and rise to a high point of 170 metres above sea level from the flat plains to the east. The hills are the source of three minor watercourses, the Gilt Brook, the Whyburn (Hucknall's 'Town brook') and Farleys Brook. They separate the Leen Valley from the Erewash Valley.
Literary links
The view over Hucknall from the easternmost height in the range, Diadem Hill, provided the setting for The Dream, a poem by Lord Byron, the Romantic English poet who lived locally in Newstead Abbey.
I saw two beings in the hues of youth
Standing upon a hill, a gentle hill,
Green and of mild declivity, the last
As 'twere the cape of a long ridge of such,
Save that there was no sea to lave its base,
But a most living landscape, and the wave
Of woods and corn-fields, and the abodes of men
Scattered at intervals, and wreathing smoke
Arising from such rustic roofs: the hill
Was crowned with a peculiar diadem
Of trees, in circular array, so fixed,
Not by the sport of nature, but of man
The Misk Hills were also the subject of Byron's poem 'The Hills of Annesley'
Hills of Annesley, bleak and barren,
Where my thoughtless childhood strayed,
How the northern tempests, warring,
How about thy tufted shade!
Now no more, the hours beguiling
Former favourite haunts I see,
Now no more, my Mary smiling,
Makes ye seem a heaven to me.
The Misk Hills were also mentioned by local author D. H. Lawrence, in his autobiographical novel Sons and Lovers, and Nottingham-born writer Alan Sillitoe wrote a poem entitled View from Misk Hill.
Origins of the name
The etymology of the name Misk is unknown. Speculations are that the name relates to an Old English word for the moon, misor, or from the Anglo-Saxon word miersc meaning 'boundary'. The Misks lie close to the boundary between the territory of the Pecsaetan Anglian tribe and that of the kingdom of Mercia. This word also has etymological links with the Kingdom of Mercia. A range of sand hills in Stevenston, Ayrshire, Scotland, also share the name of Misk.
Land use
The Misk Hills are used for a mixture of dairy and arable farming as well as commercial forestry, and are a popular place for walking, horse riding and cycling. Skylarks, fallow deer and hares inhabit the area. The area is intersected by the M1 motorway close to junction 27. The hills are central to Ashfield and Gedling District Council's 'Hidden Valleys' area, designed to promote tourism in the former coal mining district of Nottinghamshire. Annesley Castle, a motte and bailey fortification, stands at the foot of Diadem Hill and can be seen from the A611 Annesley Bypass as it intersects the Misks.
A Victorian era refuse dump was located in the area, and fragments of blue and white pottery litter the hills.
During World War Two, a bomb shelter was built on top of the hills. Nearby Hucknall was targeted by bombers as it had an RAF base, a Rolls-Royce engineering facility and numerous coal mines.
A microlight landing strip once operated in the hills.
Stood on the summit facing East, The Nottingham City skyline is often visible .
References
External links
Nottinghamshires Hidden Valleys
Landforms of Nottinghamshire
Plateaus of England
The International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas (ICARDA), a member of CGIAR, supported by the CGIAR Fund, is a non-profit agricultural research institute that aims to improve the livelihoods of the resource-poor across the world's dry areas.
History
ICARDA's origins begin in April 1972 when the Technical Advisory Committee of GCIAR (then known as the Consultative Group on International Agricultural Research) expressed interest in agricultural research in the Near East and North Africa. TAC identified the semi-arid winter rainfall zone of the region as an important ecological area with specific crops and significant agricultural challenges which were not adequately addressed by any of the international agricultural research centers at the time. TAC selected Professor Dunstan Skilbeck to head a study during March and April of 1973. The Skilbeck Mission recommended the establishment of a new agricultural research center to deal with the agricultural issues of the region. TAC recommended the establishment of an international center in Lebanon.
The eruption of the Lebanese Civil War in 1975 made prevented the establishment a center in Lebanon. The President of Syria Hafez al-Assad who had hoped to secure his own country's agriculture by working with this new institution made an attractive offer of free land for the center to the south of Aleppo. In 1977, ICARDA's headquarters were established in Tel Hadya, Syria.
Today ICARDA's research activities include the development of new crop varieties, water harvesting, conservation agriculture, the diversification of production systems, integrated crop/rangeland/livestock production systems, and the empowerment of rural women.
Ironically, ICARDA was forced to re-locate again in 2012 due to the Syrian civil war. The center established headquarters in Beirut after leaving Aleppo in 2012. Support is provided by research centers and offices in Jordan, Morocco, Ethiopia, Egypt, Tunisia, Turkey, Afghanistan, India, Iran, Oman, Pakistan, Sudan, Uzbekistan, the United Arab Emirates, and Yemen.
Decentralization
ICARDA's decentralization builds on the Center's existing organization. Staff have been relocated to Jordan, Lebanon, Morocco, Ethiopia, Egypt, Tunisia, and Turkey, and the Center has established temporary headquarters in Beirut, Lebanon.
Integrated Research Platforms
As part of its decentralization, ICARDA has established integrated research platforms that address research priorities in each region, but serve dry areas globally through collaboration and partnerships with national programs, advanced research institutions, and other partners in the development and dissemination of international public goods.
The Center has developed four major Platforms, including the headquarters:
Headquarters (West Asia): ICARDA has established temporary headquarters in Beirut, Lebanon, and expanded facilities and activities in Lebanon, Turkey and Jordan.
North Africa, with a Platform in Morocco: Building on the existing partnership with INRA (Institut National de la Recherche Agronomique), and focused on the intensification and diversification of rainfed cereal-based production systems. Morocco also hosts a CRP Dryland Systems Action Site.
Sub-Saharan Africa, with a Platform in Ethiopia: Building on the partnership with ILRI in the CRP on Livestock and Fish and on-going collaboration with the Ethiopian Institute of Agricultural Research (EIAR).
South Asia, with a Platform in India: Building on the existing partnership with ICAR (Indian Council of Agricultural Research), and focused especially on food legumes systems.
Thematic research locations
Under ICARDA's decentralization strategy, the Center is operating four additional research locations with specific themes:
Egypt, for high-input agriculture: a platform with a targeted focus on high-input irrigated agricultural systems, building on collaborative research on irrigated wheat improvement and irrigated systems management.
Turkey, Central Asia and Iran, for Winter Wheat and Winter Barley: a distinct environment with extensive high altitude and highland agro-ecologies with severe winters particularly suitable for breeding winter wheat and winter barley.
Turkey/ICARDA Cereal Rusts Research Center in Izmir: Providing expertise on wheat rusts through the Regional Cereal Rust Research Center within the Aegean Agricultural Research Institute, part of Turkey's Ministry of Food, Agriculture, and Livestock. Founded in 2017.
Sudan Heat Tolerance Research Location: This research location breeds heat-tolerant wheat and food legume varieties, in collaboration with Sudan's Agricultural Research Corporation (ARC)
Awards
2015 - Gregor Mendel Award
2017 - Olam Prize for Innovation in Food Security
2020 - Safaa Kumari, ICARDA's plant virologist, was recognised in 2020 by the BBC for her work in creating virus-resistant plants.
References
External links
ICARDA's
Agricultural research institutes
International research institutes
Organizations established in 1975
Agriculture in Lebanon
Agriculture in Syria
Research institutes in Lebanon
The Superior Labor Court or Tribunal Superior do Trabalho (TST), in Portuguese, is the highest Brazilian appellate court for labor law issues. Its headquarters are located in Brasilia, near the American Embassy.
It is one of the five high courts in Brazil.
It is the highest instance in the Brazilian federalized labor courts system, which includes the Regional Labor Courts (Tribunais Regionais do Trabalho - TRT's), at common appeal level, and the Trial Labor Courts (Varas do Trabalho) in the first instance level.
History
The origin of the court was the National Labor Council, created in 1923, which was a part of the Federal Executive Branch, subordinated to the Ministry of Agriculture, Industry and Commerce.
In 1946 the Council was transformed into the Tribunal Superior do Trabalho. The Brazilian Constitution adopted in that same year recognized the TST as part of the Judiciary Branch, no longer subordinated to the Executive Branch. That basic situation was kept by all subsequent Constitutions.
Since its origins, that Court was integrated by both effective Ministers and temporary class Ministers. The effective Ministers (nicknamed "togados" after the distinctive robes - "togas" - which they wear) were considered Magistrates for all legal prerogatives, while the Temporary Classist Ministers ("classistas"), which were paritary representatives of both employers and employees ("classes"), were appointed for a fixed term (usually three years) and had fewer powers and prerogatives. The Classist Ministers were abolished by a constitutional amendment in 1999, subsisting only the effective Ministers.
Composition
By the actual legislation, the Court is integrated by 27 members, entitled Ministers (Ministros), pointed by the President of Brazil. The nomination only occurs after the approval of the Senate. All the nominated members must be at least 35 and no more than 65 years old, must have Brazilian nationality and moral integrity, plus all the requirements to enter in a public service career (e.g. having fulfilled military conscription and electoral duties).
There are three positions reserved for lawyers, indicated by the Order of Attorneys of Brazil (the official Bar association), three for members of the Public Ministry, and the remaining 21 for career judges of the Regional Labor Courts.
See also
Brazil federal courts
References
External links
Official website (Portuguese)
Brazilian labour law
Judiciary of Brazil
Labour courts
1946 establishments in Brazil
Courts and tribunals established in 1946
The final and the qualifying heats of the women's 4×200 metre freestyle relay event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Saturday 17 January 1998 in Perth, Western Australia.
Final
Qualifying heats
Heat 1
Heat 2
See also
1996 Women's Olympic Games 4x200m Freestyle (Atlanta)
1997 Women's World Championships (SC) 4x200m Freestyle (Gothenburg)
1997 Women's European Championships (LC) 4x200m Freestyle (Seville)
2000 Women's Olympic Games 4x200m Freestyle (Sydney)
References
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships
1998 in women's swimming
The Sumunkur Ainu (Katakana: , literally "west in people", i.e. "Western people") is the name of the Ainu subgroup living along the southern coast of Hokkaido, traditionally from Iburi to Hidaka. The subgroup is known to have fought with the Menasunkur Ainu to the east in the 17th century. In Japanese texts, they were also called the Haekuru Ainu (Ainu ) and the Sarunkuru Ainu (Ainu , "plains-on-people", "people on the plains").
Area of distribution
Kumajiro Uehara, an early explorer of Hokkaido, documented in his book "Ezo Place Names and History": "the Ezo (Ainu) from Niigapu to Shirawoi" as the "Shumunkuru". According to this description, the Pacific coastal area from Niikappu to the area around Shiraoi is the area of residence of the Sumunkur.
According to Hiromichi Kono, who studied Ainu grave markers, Sumunkur Ainu-type gravestones were distributed in the area from Shizunai to Chitose and Muroran. In Shizunai, at the eastern boundary, it was mixed with Menasunkur Ainu-type tombstones, and near Mount Usu (west of Muroran), Sumunkur-type gravestones were mixed with Uchiura Ainu types. The male grave marker is shaped like an arrowhead, and the female grave marker was like "a thick tree with a hole at the top and shaped like a needle head". The Sumunkur Ainu also had other significantly different cultural characteristics from their Ainu neighbors, not just in the grave system.
History
In ancient times, the Japanese noted the presence of a "Hinomoto" (people of the east) were established on the Pacific coast of Hokkaido. It can be believed this group were the ancestors of the Sumunkur Ainu.
In the 1600s, the Sumunkur Ainu gradually came into conflict with the Menasunkur Ainu. In 1653, the Sumunkur chief Onibishi killed the Menasunkur chief Camoktain. Shakushain, who succeeded Camoktain as head chief, retaliated by waging war on the Sumunkur and killing Onibishi. Shakushain then went on to declare war on the Matsumae Domain, stationed on the very south of Hokkaido, in Shakushain's Revolts, before being defeated and killed.
After Shakushain's Revolt, the control of the Ainu people by the Matsumae domain strengthened considerably. In modern Hokkaido, the population density of the Ainu people is high in the Iburi and Hidaka regions, and there is a theory that this may be because the Sumunkur were more friendly to the Matsumae domain than the Menasunkur Ainu and Ishikari Ainu (another subgroup located to the north of the Sumunkur Ainu).
References
Ainu history
Ainu geography
Hokkaido
Ainu people
N'Golonianasso is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 402 square kilometers and includes 10 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 18,446. The village of N'Golonianasso, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 25 km west of Koutiala.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
In Mao Zedong's original formulation of the military strategy of people's war, a revolutionary base area ( gémìng gēnjùdì), or simply base area, is a local stronghold that the revolutionary force conducting the people's war should attempt to establish, starting from a remote area with mountainous or forested terrain in which its enemy is weak.
This kind of base helps the revolutionary conducting force to exploit the few advantages that a small revolutionary movement has—broad-based popular support, especially in a localized area, can be one of them—against a state power with a large and well-equipped army. To overcome a lack of supplies, revolutionaries in a base area may storm isolated outposts or other vulnerable supply caches controlled by the forces of an opponent.
See also
Jiangxi–Fujian Soviet
Red corridor
On Protracted War
Ho Chi Minh trail
References
External links
Mao Zedong: The Establishment of Base Areas
Communist Party of Peru: Line of construction of the three instruments of the revolution
Kishanji: To establish a liberated area
Museum of Revolutionary Base, Henan province
Guerrilla warfare
Ideology of the Chinese Communist Party
Maoism
Maoist terminology
Military strategy
Revolution terminology
Second Sino-Japanese War
Duncan William MacNaughton Scott (born 6 May 1997) is a Scottish swimmer representing Great Britain at the FINA World Aquatics Championships and the Olympic Games, and Scotland at the Commonwealth Games. Scott made history after winning four medals - more than any other British athlete at a single Olympic Games in Tokyo 2020 - and becoming Great Britain's most decorated swimmer in Olympic history. An all-rounder in the pool, Scott has swum internationally in 100 and 200 metres freestyle and butterfly, and 200 metres individual medley. He has won a gold at the Olympics and two golds at the World Championships in 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay, a gold in the 4 x 100 metre medley relay, as well as silvers at the World Championships and Olympics in freestyle and medley relay. Individually, Scott was the 100 metre freestyle champion at the 2015 European Games and 2018 Commonwealth Games, and the 200 metre freestyle champion at the same European Games and the 2018 European Aquatics Championships.
Winning three gold medals in the (100 m and 200 m freestyle, and 4 × 100 m freestyle relay) at the 2015 European Games, he was the most successful British athlete at the Games. A month later, he formed part of the Great Britain squad that won the gold medal at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships in the men's 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay as the 4th leg swimmer in the heat. In 2016, he was a member of the Great Britain team that won silver in the final of the same event at the Olympic Games as well as the men's 4 x 100 metre medley relay. The same team also won the 4 x 100 metre medley relay silver in the 2017 World Championships. A noted relay swimmer, Scott broke the individual British 200 metre freestyle record leading off in the men's 4 x 200 metre relay, before anchoring the team that won gold in 4 x 100 metre medley relay at the 2019 World Championships.
Early life
Duncan Scott grew up in Alloa, moving to Strathallan School on a sport scholarship at the beginning of secondary. He trained daily throughout his high school years.
Career
Scott came to public attention when he won eight gold medals at the 2013 Scottish Age Group Championships in Edinburgh. Later that year he competed at the 2013 European Youth Summer Olympic Festival taking gold in the 200 m medley, silvers in the (400 m medley, 4 × 100 m mixed freestyle) and bronze in the 4 × 100 m freestyle.
In July 2014, at the 2014 European Junior Championships, Scott won a gold medal in the (200 m individual medley, 4 × 100 m freestyle) and bronze in the 4 × 200 m freestyle. A few weeks later he won a silver medal in the 4 × 200 m freestyle relay with Scotland at the 2014 Commonwealth Games. He then competed at the 2014 Youth Olympics in Nanjing taking gold in the 4 × 100 m freestyle (with Luke Greenbank, Miles Munro, and Martyn Walton).
At the inaugural 2015 European Games in Baku (a junior event for swimmers), he won three gold medals in the (100 m freestyle, 200 m freestyle and 4 × 100 m freestyle relay) and three silver medals in the 4 × 200 m freestyle, 4 × 100 m mixed freestyle, and 4 × 100 m medley (with Greenbank, Charlie Attwood, and Walton).
2016
In the 2016 Rio Olympics, he won a silver in the 4 × 200 m freestyle relay with Stephen Milne, James Guy, and Dan Wallace. He also won another silver in the 4 × 100 m medley relay with Chris Walker-Hebborn, James Guy and Adam Peaty. He was placed 5th in the final of the individual men's 100 metres freestyle.
2017
In the 2017 World Aquatics Championships. He won gold in the 4 × 200 m freestyle with James Guy, Stephen Milne and Nick Grainger in a time of seven minutes 1.70 seconds. He won a further silver in the 4 × 100 m medley relay at the World Championship with same Olympic line-up of Walker-Hebborn, Guy and Peaty.
2018
At the 2018 Commonwealth Games, Scott won the gold medal in the 100 metre freestyle in a time of 48.02 seconds. He also won four bronze medals at the Games: in the 200 metre butterfly, 200 metre freestyle, 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay, and 4 × 200 metre freestyle relay, and became the first Scottish athlete to win five medals a single Commonwealth Games. He added a sixth medal when he won the silver medal in the 200 metre individual medley.
At the 2018 European Championships, Scott won a silver in the 100 metre freestyle. Later the same day he won gold as part of the relay team in the 4 × 200 metre freestyle relay with Calum Jarvis, Thomas Dean and James Guy. He also won gold in the 200 metre freestyle, despite only having just made the final in 8th place. He added a third gold in the final day of the championships, winning the men's 4 × 100 metre medley relay as part of the British team with Adam Peaty, James Guy and Nicholas Pyle.
On 13 September he was named Scottish Sportsperson of the Year at the Team Scotland Scottish Sports Awards.
2019
At the 2019 World Aquatics Championships held in Gwangju, South Korea, Scott came joint fourth in the 200 m freestyle, but the first-placed finisher Danas Rapšys was disqualified for a false start, and Scott was awarded a bronze medal together with Martin Malyutin. After the medal ceremony, Scott refused to shake hands and take pictures with the gold medallist Sun Yang, who had previously been banned for a trimetazidine drug offence in 2014 for three months and was involved in an ongoing doping case controversy. This transpired following Australian Mack Horton's refusal to share a podium with Yang at the medal ceremony when the Chinese national anthem was played. Both Yang and Scott were given official warnings from FINA; Scott was subjected to death threats from Yang's fans on social media.
In the lead-off leg in the men's 4 × 200 m freestyle relay final, Scott broke the British national record with a time of 1:44:91; the team finished fifth in the race. In the men's 4 × 100 metre medley relay together with Adam Peaty, James Guy and Luke Greenbank, he swam the anchor leg in 46.14 seconds, the second fastest freestyle relay split of all time, and the fastest in textile. He managed to overcome a 1.11 second deficit to finish in front of the United States team, thereby winning Britain's first gold medal in the event in the World Championships in a European record time of three minutes, 28.10 seconds.
2020
In November 2020, at the International Swimming League meet held in Budapest, Scott competing as part of the London Roar team set a new British record in short course 200m freestyle with a time of 1:40.76, and in 200m individual medley with a time of 1:51.66.
Based on his 2019 individual world championship result, Scott was pre-selected for the postponed 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
2021
At the 2021 British Swimming Olympic trials, Scott broke the British record in the 200m individual medley with a time of 1:55.90. In May 2021, Scott won a silver medal in 200m freestyle at the European Championships. He also won two gold medals in the men's 4 x 100 m medley and mixed 4 × 100 metre freestyle relays, as well as two silvers in the men's 4 × 100 metre freestyle and 4 × 200 metre freestyle relays.
At the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, Duncan won silver in 200m freestyle, finishing 0.04 seconds behind the winner and teammate, Tom Dean. He followed it up with a gold as part of the 4×200m freestyle relay team with Tom Dean, James Guy, and Matt Richards, winning it in a European record of 6 minutes 58.58 seconds. He also claimed a silver in men's 200 metre individual medley, and another in the 4 × 100 metre medley relay with Luke Greenbank, Adam Peaty, and James Guy, making him the first British athlete to win four medals in a single Games leading to calls for him to be nominated for a knighthood.
In the 2021 International Swimming League, Scott won match most valuable player honours for the fifteenth match of the overall season, which was the fourth match of the playoffs season, narrowly winning top honours over Ryan Murphy of LA Current by 4.0 points.
Scott was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2022 New Year Honours for services to swimming.
2022
At the 2022 British Swimming Championships in April, Scott won the 400 metre individual medley with a Commonwealth record, British record, 2022 World Aquatics Championships and 2022 Commonwealth Games qualifying time of 4:09.18. On 2 May, he was officially nominated by Scottish Swimming to be a member of Team Scotland for the 2022 Commonwealth Games. He withdrew from the 2022 World Championships in advance of the start of competition due to training difficulties leading up to the start of the Championships in June. In mid-July, approximately a week before the start of swimming competition at the 2022 Commonwealth Games, he withdrew from the 2022 European Aquatics Championships.
2022 Commonwealth Games
On the second day of swimming competition at the 2022 Commonwealth Games, held in Birmingham, England in July and August, Scott swam a 1:47.16 in the preliminaries of the 200 metre freestyle, qualifying for the final ranking second. Later in the morning, he ranked seventh in the preliminaries of the 400 metre individual medley, swimming a time of 4:20.92 to qualify for the final. In the final of the 200 metre freestyle, he won the gold medal with a time of 1:45.02. He followed his gold medal up with a bronze medal in the 400 metre individual medley with a time of 4:11.27. The following day, Scott ranked third in the preliminaries of the 200 metre butterfly and advanced to the final with his time of 1:57.48. In his second event of the morning, the 100 metre freestyle, he qualified for the semifinals. For the evening finals session, he started off with a fifth-place finish in the 200 metre butterfly in a time of 1:56.89. Less than an hour later, he ranked sixth in the semifinals of the 100 metre freestyle with a 48.78 and qualified for the final.
In the final of the 100 metre freestyle on day four, Scott finished in a time of 48.27 seconds and won the bronze medal. Later in the session, he won a bronze medal in the 4×200 metre freestyle relay, splitting a 1:44.48 for the fourth leg of the relay to help finish in 7:09.33. His relay bronze medal marked his eleventh total medal at the Commonwealth Games and he became the most decorated Scottish competitor across all Commonwealth Games, breaking the former record of ten total medals set by shooter Alister Allan in 1994. Two days later, on the sixth and final day, he qualified for the final of the 200 metre individual medley along with fellow Scotsman Mark Szaranek, ranking third with a time of 2:00.41. In the final, he won the gold medal with a Games record time of 1:56.88. For his final event of the Games, he split a 51.74 for the butterfly leg of the 4×100 metre medley relay in the final to help win the bronze medal with a Scottish record time of 3:35.11.
International championships
Long course metres (50 m pool)
Scott swam only in the prelims heats.
Short course metres (25 m pool)
Awards and honours
International Swimming League, Match Most Valuable Player: 2021 Match 15
See also
List of Commonwealth Games medallists in swimming (men)
List of 2015 European Games medal winners
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming (men)
List of Youth Olympic Games gold medalists who won Olympic gold medals
Notes
References
External links
Duncan Scott at The-Sports.org
1997 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Glasgow
People educated at Strathallan School
British male swimmers
Scottish male swimmers
British male freestyle swimmers
Male medley swimmers
Swimmers at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Swimmers at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in swimming
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Scotland
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Scotland
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Scotland
European Games gold medalists for Great Britain
European Games medalists in swimming
Swimmers at the 2015 European Games
World Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Swimmers at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics
European Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Olympic swimmers of Great Britain
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medallists for Great Britain
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists in swimming
Olympic silver medalists in swimming
Scottish Olympic medallists
People from Alloa
Alumni of the University of Stirling
Sportspeople from Clackmannanshire
Youth Olympic gold medalists for Great Britain
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Brian Baker (born 8 June 1970) is a retired American long-distance runner and current coach at Gardner-Webb University.
Early career
Baker was born and raised in Batesville, Arkansas, and competed in his prep career at Batesville High School. He holds the state high school record in the 3200 meter run with 9:09.80 minutes. He was also a two-time state champion in the 1600 and 3200-meter run events.
Baker ran collegiately at the University of Arkansas, winning team national titles in 1990 (indoor track and cross-country), 1991 (indoor), 1992 (cross-country, indoor and outdoor) and 1993 (cross-country, indoor and outdoor). He won the NCAA Outdoor 5000-meter run in 1994 and ran a leg on the winning indoor distance medley relay team the same year.
Baker won two individual SEC conference cross-country titles and two conferences titles in the 5000 meter run during his career at Arkansas. Baker's team won twelve total conference championships during his career and he was a seven time All-American.
International career
After graduating in 1994, Baker continued a professional running career with New Balance. In 1995, he finished tenth in the 5000 meters at the 1995 Summer Universiade. He was also a member of the United States World Cross Country team in 1996 and 1997.
At the 1996 World Cross Country Championships, Baker finished 41st in the long race and 13th in the team competition. At the 1997 World Cross Country Championships, he finished 98th in the long race and 11th in the team competition.
Baker then competed in the 5000 meters at the 1997 World Championships, without reaching the final, and finished tenth in the 3000 meters at the 1999 World Indoor Championships. He finished fourth in the 5000 meters at the Pan American Games in Winnipeg.
Baker's personal best times were 3:57.4 in the mile run, achieved in May 1999 in Attleboro; 7:43.88 minutes in the 3000 meters, achieved in August 1998 in Hechtel; and 13:28.62 minutes in the 5000 meters, achieved in June 2000 in Dedham.
Coaching career
He is currently a head coach for the track and field teams at Gardner-Webb University. In June 2004, Baker was inducted into the Arkansas Track and Field Hall of Fame.
References
1970 births
Living people
People from Batesville, Arkansas
Track and field athletes from Arkansas
American male long-distance runners
Arkansas Razorbacks men's track and field athletes
Arkansas Razorbacks men's cross country runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 1999 Pan American Games
Pan American Games track and field athletes for the United States
World Athletics Championships athletes for the United States
American track and field coaches
Gardner–Webb Runnin' Bulldogs cross country coaches
Gardner–Webb Runnin' Bulldogs track and field coaches
Woodbury Township may refer to:
Woodbury Township, Cumberland County, Illinois
Woodbury Township, Woodbury County, Iowa
Woodbury Township, Stutsman County, North Dakota, in Stutsman County, North Dakota
Woodbury Township, Bedford County, Pennsylvania
Woodbury Township, Blair County, Pennsylvania
See also
Woodbury (disambiguation)
Township name disambiguation pages
The Forecasting Division of Western Norway () is a department of the Norwegian Meteorological Institute located in Bergen. It was established in 1918. It prepares weather forecasting for the area between Nord-Trøndelag and Lista, as well as the fishing grounds around The British Isles and Iceland.
References
1918 establishments in Norway
Organisations based in Bergen
Norwegian Meteorological Institute
Evelaynne Alcequiez (born 3 December 1995) is a Dominican footballer who plays as a midfielder. She has been a member of the Dominican Republic women's national team.
Early life
Alcequiez hails from San Francisco de Macorís.
International career
Alcequiez represented the Dominican Republic at the 2012 CONCACAF Women's U-17 Championship qualifying and the 2012 CONCACAF Women's U-20 Championship qualifying. At senior level, she capped during the 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games.
References
1995 births
Living people
Women's association football midfielders
Dominican Republic women's footballers
People from San Francisco de Macorís
Dominican Republic women's international footballers
Competitors at the 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games
Windows Mobile is a mobile operating system developed by Microsoft, based on Windows CE and is the successor to Pocket PC 2002 and predecessor of Windows Phone. New devices running Windows Mobile were released between 2003 and 2010. Many different companies produced devices running Windows Mobile during this time frame. The table below groups devices into two categories, those with cellular capability and those without. The version of Windows Mobile 5.x called "Smartphone", and the version of Windows Mobile 6.x called "Standard", is designed to run on devices without a touch screen; all other devices listed have touch screens.
Windows Mobile 2003
Windows Mobile 2003 Second Edition (SE)
Windows Mobile 5.0
Windows Mobile 6.0
Windows Mobile 6.1
Windows Mobile 6.5
See also
List of Windows Phone devices (Windows Mobile is not to be confused with Windows Phone)
References
Directory of devices based on Windows Mobile
Windows
Marc Veira (born 17 March 1980), better known by his stage name Flowdan, is an English grime MC and record producer from Bow and Poplar, East London. A founding member of Roll Deep, he was responsible for naming the group and remained a member until its hiatus. In 2015, he founded his own record label, SpentShell, which has since signed YGG and GHSTLY XXVII to its roster.
Career
A long-standing member of Roll Deep, Flowdan appears on all five of their albums. A good friend of Wiley, the crew's de facto leader, he came from a drum and bass and jungle background and was part of the first wave of grime MCs. His first solo album, Original Dan, was released in 2009 and featured a range of guest artists, including Frisco, Wiley, Killa P and Riko. An EP, Serious Business, followed in 2014, and his second full-length album Disaster Piece was released in 2016, to more positive reviews than his debut.
Flowdan is also known for his frequent collaboration with dub and dancehall producer The Bug, and has appeared on at least seven of his songs.
In 2018, Flowdan forayed further into record production. He produced tracks for PK's Bad Ombré EP and GHSTLY XXVII's Guerrilla Tactics EP, the first two releases on his new label and agency, SpentShell. He also contributed preset sounds and samples as well as entire demo tracks to Native Instruments' Maschine expansion pack 'London Grit'. In June 2018, he released the four-track One Shell Fits All EP, featuring vocals from D Double E, Nasty Jack, GHSTLY XXVII and Meridian Dan, and production from Masro, Teddy Music, Filthy Gears and Jammz.
Style
Flowdan is known for his deep voice and use of patois lyrics. Although rooted in grime, he performs over various different styles, from the drum and bass of his early days, to the dubstep of his numerous features with The Bug.
Discography
Solo
Albums
2009: Original Dan
2016: Disaster Piece
2019: Full Metal Jacket
2020: The Red Pill
EPs
2014: Serious Business
2018: One Shell Fits All
Singles
2002: "Big Mic Man"
2003: "Skydiver"
2016: "Horror Show Style"
2016: "Grime"
2017: "Original Raggamuffin" (featuring Wiley)
2019: "Welcome to London"
As featured artist
2001: "Terrible" (Roll Deep Entourage featuring Wiley, Breeze, Bubbles and Flowdan)
2001: "Wickedest Ting" (Geeneus and Wiley featuring Flowdan and Breeze)
2001: "1, 2, 3, 4..." (Pay As U Go Cartel)
2001: "Dem No Ready" (Pay As U Go Cartel)
2003: "Time Wasters" (Remix) (Musketeers featuring Maxwell D and Flowdan)
2007: "Skeng" (The Bug featuring Killa P and Flowdan)
2007: "Jah War" (The Bug featuring Flowdan)
2007: "Poison Dart" (The Bug featuring Warrior Queen and Flowdan)
2009: "Bullet A' Go Fly" (DVA featuring Badness, Riko, Killa P and Flowdan)
2012: "Say Nothin'" (Jubei featuring Flowdan)
2017: "Round Here" (Lethal Bizzle featuring Giggs and Flowdan)
2017: "Round Here - Remix" (Lethal Bizzle featuring Abra Cadabra, Ghetts, Frisco and Flowdan)
2018: "Inventor" (Rockwell featuring Flowdan)
2019: "Start Up" (Boylan featuring Flowdan)
2021: "Trenches" (Duke & Jones featuring Flowdan)
2022: "Gassed Up" (Zeds Dead and Subtronics featuring Flowdan)
With Roll Deep
Albums
2005: In at the Deep End
2007: Rules and Regulations
2008: Return of the Big Money Sound
2010: Winner Stays On
2012: X
References
External links
Flowdan on Last fm
Flowdan on Discogs
Interview With Ransom Note
1980 births
Living people
Black British male rappers
English record producers
Grime music artists
People from Bow, London
People from Poplar, London
Rappers from London
The 2015 Florida Gators women's volleyball team represented the University of Florida volleyball program for the 2015 NCAA volleyball season.
Schedule
! style="background:#FF4A00;color:white;"| Regular Season
|- valign="top"
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| August 29 || at James Madison || || Harrisonburg, VA || – || || – || 0–0
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| August 30 || at American || || Washington, DC || – || || – || 0–0
|-
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| September 4 || Oregon || || Austin, TX || – || || – || 0–0
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| September 5 || at Texas || || Austin, TX || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| September 10 || Eastern Washington || || Honolulu, HI || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| September 11 || at Hawaii || || Honolulu, HI || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| September 12 || San Diego State || || Honolulu, HI || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| September 17 || St. Johns || || Gainesville, FL || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| September 20 || Florida State || || Gainesville, FL || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| September 25 || Ole Miss || || Gainesville, FL || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| September 27 || Kentucky || || Gainesville, FL|| – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| September 30 || at Missouri || || Columbia, MO || – || || – || –
|-
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| October 4|| at Arkansas || || Fayatteville, AR || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| October 9|| Texas A&M || || Gainesville, FL || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| October 11|| Auburn || || Gainesville, FL || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| October 14|| at Tennessee || || Knoxville, TN || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| October 18|| at Kentucky || || Lexington, KY || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| October 23|| Arkansas || || Gainesville, FL || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| October 25|| Missouri || || Gainesville, FL || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| October 30|| at South Carolina || || Columbia, SC || – || || – || –
|-
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| October 4|| at Georgia || || Athens, GA || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| October 9|| Mississippi State || || Gainesville, FL || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| October 11|| at Auburn || || Auburn, AL || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| October 14|| Alabama || || Gainesville, FL || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| October 18|| Tennessee || || Gainesville, FL || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| October 23|| at LSU || || Baton Rouge, LA || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| October 25|| at Texas A&M || || College Station, TX || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| October 30|| LIU Brooklyn || || Gainesville, FL || – || || – || –
|-
|-
! style="background:#FF4A00;color:white;"| Postseason
|-
References
Florida
Florida Gators women's volleyball seasons
Florida Gators volleyball
University of Technology Malaysia (UTM) () is a premier Malaysian public research-intensive university ranked 203rd in the world by QS University rankings. Its medium of instruction is English.
History
Industrial Partners
UTM has regional and international academic collaborations with companies including Intel, Altera, Dyson, Alcon, Shell and Proton.
Synergy 4.0
In 2018, Universiti Teknologi Malaysia (UTM) has embarked on a unique history when undertaking the restructuring of its academic entity and witnessing the merger of faculty from 18 to seven.
Campuses
UTM has three campuses – the main campus is in Skudai, and was the first university in the state of Johor. It has an area of 1148 hectares and is the second largest public university after Universiti Putra Malaysia (UPM). It is about 20 km north of the state capital, Johor Bahru.
The branch campus is situated in Jalan Semarak within Kuala Lumpur, with an area of 38 hectares. The branch campus accommodates diploma students, part-time students (also known as the SPACE program), undergraduate and postgraduate students (Malaysia-Japan International Institute of Technology (MJIIT) and Razak Faculty of Technology and Informatics (FTIR) and foreign students taking business courses.
The new branch campus located in Pagoh was officially opened on 2 May 2017. Universiti Teknologi Malaysia Innovation Centre in Agritechnology for Advanced Bioprocessing (UTM-ICA) is strategically located off the Pagoh interchange on the north–south expressway, in the district of Muar, Johor. A 50-hectare campus equipped with shared facilities integrated with Bandar University Pagoh.
General
The Webometrics Ranking of World Universities places UTM in the fourth place in the South East Asia Region, and the top in Malaysia. In the QS University Rankings, it placed 100 in the "Engineering & Technology Universities" category among other world ranked universities in 2016 UTM aims to achieve the status of a global university and rank among 50 of the world's best universities by 2020.
Vice Chancellor of University of Technology Malaysia
Residential colleges (Johor Bahru Campus)
UTM has on-campus hostel blocks that provide accommodation for students. The hostel blocks are grouped into units known as colleges, for simplifying administration. Each college has three or more hostel blocks under their administration. UTM has 12 colleges, which can accommodate 17,500 students. Among the facilities provided at each residential college are a cafeteria, a multipurpose hall, a Muslim prayer room, tennis courts, an internet and computer center, a convenience store and a common room.
Accommodation
UTM can provide accommodation for outsiders, i.e. parents or relatives, visiting friends etc., with Scholar's Inn @ UTM JB and Scholar's Inn @ UTM KL.
The Scholar's Inn @ UTMKL is a city campus hotel at Jalan Semarak, in the heart of Kuala Lumpur. Located within the Universiti Teknologi Malaysia Kuala Lumpur campus and approximately 10 minutes' drive from KLCC/ Petronas Twin Towers, the hotel is also within range of tourist spots such as the National Library, National Art Gallery, Istana Budaya and the Golden Triangle. Scholar's Inn @ UTMKL comprises 56 rooms and studios, a meeting room, a business centre and the Scholar's Deli.
Academic
Faculties
Faculty of Engineering (FK)
School of Computing or Faculty of Computing (FC), formerly the Faculty of Computer and Information System or Faculty of Computer and Information Systems
School of Chemical and Energy Engineering
School of Electrical Engineering
School of Civil Engineering
School of Mechanical Engineering
School of Biomedical Engineering and Health Sciences
Faculty of Social Sciences and Humanities (FSSH)
School of Education
School of Human Resource Development and Psychology
Islamic Civilisation Academy
Language Academy
Centre for Advanced Studies on Islam, Science and Civilisation (CASIS)
Faculty of Built Environment and Surveying (FABU)
Department of Architecture
Department of Quantity Surveying
Department of Urban and Regional Planning
Department of Landscape Architecture
Department of Geoinformation
Department of Real Estate
Faculty of Science (FS)
Department of Physics
Department of Chemistry
Department of Mathematical Sciences
Department of Biosciences
Azman Hashim International Business School (AHIBS)
Business Administration
Accounting & Finance
Information System
Razak Faculty of Technology and Informatics
Engineering and Technology
Science, Management and Design
Advance Informatics
Perdana Centre
Malaysia-Japan International Institute of Technology (MJIIT)
Institute Sultan Iskandar
Language Academy UTM Kuala Lumpur
Continuing Education
School of Professional and Continuing Education (UTMSPACE)
Centre for Teaching and Learning
Joint programmes
Joint Programmes & Management Unit
Innovation Centre
Centre for Student Innovation (UTM CSI)
Innovation and Commercialization Centre (ICC)
Institute of Bioproduct Development
Networking
These are organisations for joint projects, traineeships, study visits, international conferences, research projects, and funding.
International Association of Universities (IAU)
Society of Petroleum Engineering
The Association of Southeast Asian Institutions of Higher Learning (ASAIHL)
Federation of the Universities of the Islamic World (FUIW)
Universities Mobility in Asia and the Pacific (UMAP)
Association of International Education Administrators (AIEA)
South-East Asia Technical Universities Consortium (SEATUC)
American Society for Engineering Education (ASEE)
European Association for International Education (EAIE)
Global outreach programme
UTM Global Outreach Programme is an international programme designed to develop UTM's students to be global-ready graduates.
Research University
The Ministry of Education formed an ad hoc committee, comprising research from Malaysian universities, to formulate a concept paper on the establishment of research universities (RUs). The content of the paper deals with their vision, missions and goals, the criteria and standard for Rus, their governance, prevision of incentives, accreditation concerns, cost implications and an action plan.
Research Management Centre
Research Management Centre was established in 1982. Formerly known as ‘Research and Consultation Unit' and as ‘Research & Development Unit' and finally renamed as ‘Research Management Centre', in 1997.
RMC manages research and development activities, intellectual property creation and management, technological development, promotion and exploitation of R&D findings through close collaboration with the Ministry of Higher Education, Ministry of Science, Technology & Innovation, Small and Medium Industry Development Corporation, industry, research institutes, other universities and international organisations.
RMC manages funds from research grant schemes available such as Science Fund, Techno Fund, Inno Fund, Fundamental Research Grant Scheme (FRGS), Commercialization of R&D Fund (CRDF), Technology Acquisition Fund (TAF) and Multimedia Grant Scheme (MGS).
Research fundings
MOSTI grants
Demonstrator Application Grant Scheme (DAGS)
ScienceFund
TechnoFund
MOHE grants
Fundamental Research Grant Scheme (FRGS)
Exploratory Research Grant Scheme (ERGS)
Long-term Research Grant Scheme (LRGS)
Prototype Research Grant Scheme (PRGS)
MOA
UTM grants
UTM Short Term Grant
Research University Grant (GUP)
Institutional Research Grant (Top-Down)
Other Agencies
Contract research
Rankings
Notable alumni
The alumni of University of Technology Malaysia include politicians and public service officials such as Datuk Seri Ir. Dr. Wee Ka Siong, current Malaysian Minister of Transport, Tan Sri Datuk Seri Panglima Haji Annuar Musa, current Malaysian Minister of Communications and Multimedia, Dato' Seri Hamzah Zainudin, current Malaysian Minister of Home Affairs, Dato' Seri Saarani Mohamad, current Menteri Besar of Perak and IGP Dato' Seri Panglima Acryl Sani Abdullah Sani, current Malaysian Inspector-General of Police.
Partner Institution
Australia
University of Sydney
University of Tasmania
Queensland University of Technology
China
Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics
Chinese Academy of Sciences
Japan
Kyoto University
Osaka University
Malaysia
Universiti Tunku Abdul Rahman
United Kingdom
Imperial College London
University of Cambridge
University of Leeds
University of Oxford
United States
Massachusetts Institute Of Technology
See also
List of universities in Malaysia
References
External links
Technical universities and colleges in Malaysia
Engineering universities and colleges in Malaysia
Educational institutions established in 1904
Business schools in Malaysia
Information technology schools in Malaysia
1904 establishments in British Malaya
Internet mirror services
Ronald Nelson Carpenter (born on June 24, 1948) is a retired defensive tackle who played seven seasons in the National Football League for the Cincinnati Bengals. He attended North Carolina State University.
References
1948 births
Living people
American football defensive tackles
Cincinnati Bengals players
NC State Wolfpack football players
Tracy Yerkes Thomas (1899–1983) was an American mathematician.
Biography
Thomas received his A.B. in 1921 from Rice University and then his A.M. in 1922 and Ph.D. in 1923 from Princeton University. For the academic year 1923–1924 he was a National Research Fellow in Physics at the University of Chicago and in the academic year 1924–1925 a postdoc in Zürich. For the academic year 1925–1926 he was a National Research Fellow in Mathematics at Harvard University and then Princeton University, where he was on the mathematics faculty from 1926 to 1938. From 1938 to 1944 he was a professor at the University of California, Los Angeles. From 1944 to 1969 he was a professor at Indiana University. In 1952, he was one of the founders of the Journal of Rational Mechanics and Analysis, which is now known as the Indiana University Mathematics Journal.
Thomas was in 1941 elected a member of the National Academy of Sciences.
Upon his death, he was survived by his wife, Virginia Rowland Thomas, and son, Tracy Alexander Thomas.
Selected publications
Articles
The Einstein Equations of the Gravitational Field for an Arbitrary Distribution of Matter. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 9, no. 8 (1923): 275–278.
with Oswald Veblen: The geometry of paths. Trans. Amer. Math. Soc. 25 (1923) 551–608.
with Oswald Veblen: Extensions of relative tensors. Trans. Amer. Math. Soc. 26 (1924) 373–377.
Note on the projective geometry of paths. Bull. Amer. Math. Soc. 31 (1925) 318–322.
On the projective and equi-projective geometries of paths. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 11, no. 4 (1925): 199–203.
On conformal geometry. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 12, no. 5 (1926): 352–359.
with Jack Levine: On a class of existence theorems in differential geometry. Bull. Amer. Math. Soc. 40 (1934) 721–728.
Algebraic characterizations in complex differential geometry. Trans. Amer. Math. Soc. 38 (1935) 501–514.
On the metric representations of affinely connected spaces. Bull. Amer. Math. Soc. 42 (1936) 77–78.
On the singular point locus in the theory of fields of parallel vectors. Bull. Amer. Math. Soc. 45 (1939) 436–441.
Imbedding theorems in differential geometry. Bull. Amer. Math. Soc. 45 (1939) Part 1:841–850.
On the uniform convergence of the solutions of the Navier-Stokes equations. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 29, no. 8 (1943): 243–246.
Algebraic determination of the second fundamental form of a surface by its mean curvature. Bull. Amer. Math. Soc. 51 (1945) Part 1:390–399.
The fundamental theorem on quadratic first integrals. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 32, no. 1 (1946): 10–15.
Combined elastic and Prandtl-Reuss stress-strain relations. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 41, no. 10 (1955): 720–726.
On the stress-strain relations for cubic crystals. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 55, no. 2 (1966): 235–239.
Books
References
20th-century American mathematicians
Rice University alumni
Princeton University alumni
1899 births
1983 deaths
Princeton University faculty
University of California, Los Angeles faculty
Indiana University faculty
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Active power filters (APF) are filters, which can perform the job of harmonic elimination. Active power filters can be used to filter out harmonics in the power system which are significantly below the switching frequency of the filter. The active power filters are used to filter out both higher and lower order harmonics in the power system.
The main difference between active power filters and passive power filters is that APFs mitigate harmonics by injecting active power with the same frequency but with reverse phase to cancel that harmonic, where passive power filters use combinations of resistors (R), inductors (L) and capacitors (C) and does not require an external power source or active components such as transistors. This difference, make it possible for APFs to mitigate a wide range of harmonics.
See also
Static synchronous series compensator
Power conditioner
Active filter
Line filter
References
Filters
Power engineering
The Battle of the Shaer gas field was a battle between the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and the Syrian government for the control over the Sha'er gas field during the Syrian Civil War. It is the third attack that was launched by ISIL on the gas field.
Offensive
On 5 May 2016, ISIL once again captured the Shaer gas field that had been held by the Syrian government since the Second Battle of the Shaer gas field. 34 soldiers and 16 ISIL fighters were killed during the battle for the field.
Four days later, ISIL attacked the nearby al-Mahr oil field, capturing al-Mahr hill, before the military recaptured the hill and repelled the attack on the field the following day. The same day, 10 May, ISIL captured an abandoned military base near the T4 airbase, cutting the main supply route to Palmyra. Government troops recaptured the base and reopened the supply road.
Mid-May, there were reports of explosions and a 4.4 Richter magnitude scale earthquake that was believed to be caused by the entire field blowing up.
On 30 May, government forces recaptured the Huwaysis area.
Aftermath
In late June, ISIL was once again in control of the Huwaysis area.
In early July, some media activists showed the first photos and videos of the preparation of blasting and explosion.
In September, pro-government forces regained control of the Huwaysis area. but lost it again in a December offensive before recapturing it yet again in early 2017.
See also
Battle of the Shaer gas field (July 2014)
Battle of the Shaer gas field (October–November 2014)
References
Shaer gas field-3
Shaer gas field-3
Homs Governorate in the Syrian civil war
Shaer gas field 2016
May 2016 events in Syria
Shaer gas field 2016
Latifa Habachi (born 13 August 1972) is a Tunisian lawyer and politician who is a member of the Assembly of the Representatives of the People.
Early life and education
Habachi was born on 13 August 1972 in Tunis to a family of twelve children. She attended secondary school at Omrane Superior. She has a master's degree and diploma in legal sciences from the Faculty of Law in Tunis.
Career
Habachi began working as a lawyer in 1995. She is Vice President of the Tunisian Association of Young Lawyers and has volunteered on political trials. She participated in a demonstration of lawyers after the self-immolation of Mohamed Bouazizi. On 31 December 2010, she was abducted by militia while in court.
Habachi became a member of the Islamist movement while at university. In 2011, she was elected as a member of the Constituent Assembly of Tunisia to represent the Ennahda movement for the constituency of Manouba. She helped draft the 2014 Constitution.
Habachi was reappointed in the Assembly of the Representatives of the People in 2014, one of 42 female members. In 2014, Habachi and Sana Mersni proposed an amendment to the constitution to give the government power to nominate members of the judiciary. It was strongly opposed by Popular Front and Democratic Bloc opposition members and led to a call from the Tunisian Judges' Syndicate for strikes, but was accepted by 109 votes. Habachi is the vice-chair of the Committee on General Legislation.
In 2016, Habachi participated in an international coalition of women called "The Women's Boat for Gaza", seeking an end to the blockade of the Gaza Strip.
Personal life
Habachi is married and has three sons. She began wearing the veil at age sixteen, but stopped for a number of years after she was banned from working and her husband nearly imprisoned.
External links
Marsad Profile (in French)
References
Living people
1972 births
20th-century Tunisian lawyers
Members of the Constituent Assembly of Tunisia
Members of the Assembly of the Representatives of the People
People of the Tunisian Revolution
Ennahda politicians
People from Tunis
Tunisian women lawyers
21st-century Tunisian women politicians
21st-century Tunisian politicians
21st-century Tunisian lawyers
Guido de Bres (also known as Guido de Bray, Guy de Bray and Guido de Brès, 1522 – 31 May 1567) was a Walloon pastor, Protestant reformer and theologian, a student of John Calvin and Theodore Beza in Geneva. He was born in Mons, County of Hainaut, Southern Netherlands, and was executed at Valenciennes. De Bres compiled and published the Walloon Confession of Faith known as the Belgic Confession (1561) (Confessio Belgica) still in use today in Belgium and the Netherlands. It is also used by many Reformed Churches all over the world.
Early life
De Bres was born in Mons, today in southwestern Belgium. His father, formerly known as Jean Du Beguinage (alternatively: Jan le Béguinage), was an itinerant blauschilder [lit. blue painter] which is indicative of the tin-glazed process, a precursor to Delftware, introduced into the Netherlands by Guido de Savino in 1512 at Antwerp. Jean changed his name to de Bres when he settled in Mons. He and his wife had five children: Jehan, Jherome, Christoffel, Guido and daughter Mailette. Rehalenbeck suggests one other son, Michel.
De Bres was brought up by his mother, a devout Roman Catholic. Guido was a Roman Catholic and was very strong in that faith by all accounts. Not much is known of Guido's early life other than he followed his brother Jehan into school at the appropriate age and after a basic education followed his father in learning the craft of blauschilder. The de Bres family was known for their skills in glass painting, and young Guido was trained in this art before moving to England. In his teenage years, he became a follower of the Protestant religion as taught by Martin Luther. Later he converted to Calvinism. He met and studied under John Calvin at the academy of Geneva where Calvin taught.
Career
Guido was converted between the age of 18 and 25. It is almost certain he became familiar with the Reformed faith through printed works. On 22 September 1540 a proclamation banned a large number of books: by Erasmus in Latin, Melanchthon, Eobanus Hessus and others, as well as the New Testament, the Gospels, the Epistles, and the prophetical books of the Bible in French and Flemish. These books were deemed heretical by the Roman Catholic Church authorities.
In 1548, while Guido was still in Mons, he forged a friendship with an English couple: Mr. Nicholas and his wife. Mr Nicholas, his friend and two wives were caught by the authorities and charged with subversion of the Roman Catholic faith. They were imprisoned together with a number of Protestants from that area. Guido fled to England during the reign of Edward VI. On 4 November 1547 the English parliament had decided to allow the two elements used in the communion to be enjoyed by all people. Guido probably kept company with a number of refugees from continental Europe: Tremellius, Valérand Poullain, Martin Bucer, John a Lasco, Jan Utenhove, Marten de Klyne (Marten Micron or Micronius), Wouter Deelen, François Perucel de la Rivière and others. Whilst in England, Guido attended the church of John à Lasco, and in 1551 he became familiar with à Lasco's London Confession. The largest group of refugees came from the Low Countries. John à Lasco served as superintendent to a number of foreign congregations including the Dutch. Guido left England in 1552 before Mary, Queen of England came to the throne.
De Bres went to Germany and later moved back to Geneva. Around 1559, he returned to the Low Countries as a travelling Calvinist preacher. From 1559 to 1561, he served as the resident minister in Tournai. In 1561, de Bres authored the Belgic Confession. This confession was meant for the Spanish government to show them that the Calvinists were not a radical Anabaptist sectarian movement but demanded a Reformation in the biblical sense of the Roman Catholic Church. The text is strongly influenced by Calvin's "Institutes of the Christian Religion" and the creed of the French Huguenots. The creed was printed by Jean Crespin in Geneva. On the night of November 1, 1561, de Bres threw his creed over the castle wall of Tournai, where Margaret of Parma, governor of the Netherlands stayed, to bring the confession to the attention of the Spanish government.
Death and legacy
In 1567, after the Siege of Valenciennes, de Bres was arrested for his Calvinist beliefs and his rebellion during the siege. He was tried before the Spanish Inquisition, received the death penalty and was hanged at Valenciennes. He died in front of a large crowd after making a final statement of his beliefs. He was pushed off the scaffold by the hangman whilst addressing the crowd. Twelve days before his death he wrote a letter to his wife, which speaks of his trust in God.
De Bres wrote a number of books. The Belgic Confession is part of the Three Forms of Unity, a set of official statements of doctrine used by churches with roots in the continental Reformed tradition. Its text is still in wide use in particular among confessionally Reformed churches.
References
External links
Biographical and bibliographical data, Leiden University Bibliothèque Wallonne
Last letter of De Brès to his mother of 19 May 1567 in modern Dutch
1522 births
1567 deaths
People from Mons
Protestant Reformers
Belgian Calvinist and Reformed theologians
Systematic theologians
16th-century Calvinist and Reformed theologians
"Massive" is a house song by Canadian rapper and singer Drake. It was sent to contemporary hit radio through Republic Records and OVO Sound as the dual lead single from his seventh studio album, Honestly, Nevermind, on June 21, 2022, alongside the single "Sticky". Drake wrote the song with singer Tresor and with producers Gordo, Johannes Klahr, and Richard Zastenker.
Composition and lyrics
"Massive" was praised by Rolling Stone who said it could "easily fit on a DJ mix". The song includes samples and a piano-based instrumental line.
Critical reception
HipHopDX said "Massive" was the album's "clearest radio smash". Evening Standard said the song is "the cheesiest moment" on the album. Variety noted the song's funeral theme and "concluded that the song's mood casts it as a wry aside, rather than, well, sociopathic".
Charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2022 songs
2022 singles
Drake (musician) songs
Songs written by Drake (musician)
OVO Sound singles
Republic Records singles
"The Confession" is the fifth episode of the eighth season of the American television medical drama series House and the 160th overall episode of the series. It aired on Fox on November 7, 2011. This episode marks Chase and Taub's official return to House's team.
Plot
Jamie Bamber guest stars as Bob Harris who suddenly collapses. While diagnosing his symptoms, the team discovers that he has been hiding dark secrets and lying about his personal and professional life. When he openly confesses his wrongdoings to his family and community, he compromises his chances of receiving the proper medical treatment that could save his life.
In this episode, Taub's babies are mentioned for the first time, and House can't resist suggesting that they aren't really Taub's. House obtains the DNA results that would establish the parentage of Taub's babies,
and is surprised when Taub shreds the results because he doesn't care whether they are biologically his or not.
Reception
The Onion's AV Club gave this episode a B rating. It was watched by 7.55 million viewers.
References
External links
"The Confession" at Fox.com
Medical review of "The Confession"
House (season 8) episodes
2011 American television episodes
USS Remey (DD-688) was a destroyer of the United States Navy, named for Rear Admiral George C. Remey (1841–1928).
Remey was laid down on 22 March 1943 by the Bath Iron Works Corp., Bath, Maine; launched on 25 July 1943; sponsored by Miss Angelica G. Remey, daughter of Rear Admiral Remey; and commissioned on 30 September 1943.
Service history
World War II
Remey departed Boston 5 December 1943 as flagship of Destroyer Squadron 54 (DesRon 54), and headed for the Pacific. Escorting heavier ships en route, she transited the Panama Canal at mid-month and arrived at San Diego, California to report for duty in the 5th Amphibious Force on the 20th.
Marshall Islands
Training with the 4th Marine Division followed, and on 13 January 1944, she sailed west, screening Task Force 53 (TF 53), the Northern Attack Force for the invasion of the Marshalls. From 29 January, when Wotje was bombarded, until 5 February, when Remey struck an uncharted reef, she screened the transports and Carrier Division 22 (CarDiv 22) and provided gunfire support for the troops fighting for Kwajalein. On the 6th, she got underway for Majuro, thence proceeded to Pearl Harbor for repairs.
Mariana Islands
Following repairs, Remey completed an escort run to San Francisco and back, then screened to Majuro. There, from 9 to 29 April 1944, she escorted submarines in and out of the area. Returning to Pearl Harbor on 4 May, she escorted aircraft carriers on exercises in Hawaiian waters and on the 31st got underway for the Mariana Islands. Stopping en route at Kwajalein, she arrived off Saipan on 14 June and with Fire Support Unit I commenced firing on the island. Closing to , Remey was straddled by shore battery fire, but her return fire destroyed two of the offending batteries. The next morning, while screening off Tinian, she destroyed three more guns. In the afternoon, she shelled Saipan and throughout that day and the next continued counterbattery fire. On 17 June, she provided gunfire support for the troops on Saipan, then on 18 June returned to the battleships and remained with them through the aerial attacks of the Battle of the Philippine Sea. On 22 June, she resumed shore bombardment duties and shelled enemy troop concentrations and supply dumps. Through June–July, she remained in the area, continuing her support for operations on Saipan and extending it to ground forces fighting on Tinian after 24 July.
On 8 August, the destroyer got underway for the Marshall Islands, thence steamed to the Solomon Islands where TF 32 rehearsed for the assault on the Palau Islands. A month later, she sailed for those islands. Arriving on the 15 August, she bombarded Babelthuap, then on the 16–17 August showered her shells on Angaur. On the 23 August, she sailed south and on the 27 August anchored in Seeadler Harbor to prepare for the invasion of the Philippines.
Philippines
Departing for Leyte on 11 October 1944, Remey passed the northern tip of Dinagat Island on the night of 19/20 October. In the morning, she screened her charges, landing craft, to the assault area, then took up station in lower Surigao Strait. Through the 24th, she continued her anti-small boat and antiaircraft patrols, then prepared to meet an enemy surface force reported standing toward the southern entrance to Surigao Strait.
Rear Admiral Jesse B. Oldendorf deployed his force of cruisers, battleships, and destroyers for what was to be the last engagement of a battleline. Captain Jesse B. Coward, Commander, DesRon 54, divided his squadron into eastern and western groups to launch torpedo attacks against the Japanese as they steamed through the Strait toward defeat under the guns of the battleline.
Reports from the PT boats shadowing the Japanese were slow in coming, but at 0211 on 25 October, Remey, leading the eastern attack unit, moved south. and followed in attack disposition. At about 0235, radar contact was established. The attackers, despite navigational difficulties, began to close on their targets. Just before 0300, Remey was illuminated briefly by an enemy searchlight. At 0300, the three destroyers of the eastern group fired their torpedoes, launching 27 "fish" in less than 2 minutes. Powder flashes on two of her torpedoes showed Remeys position and again she was spotlighted. Straddled by 6 inch shells, she commenced making more smoke and weaving through it to make her way back up the Dinagat coast to the post-attack rendezvous point off Hibuson Island, whence the force witnessed the battleline's barrage.
The next day Remey retired from Leyte Gulf. On the 30th, she anchored in Humboldt Bay. During November, she escorted reinforcements to Leyte, and in December joined CarDiv 22 for operations in the Sulu Sea in support of the landings on Mindoro. Back in the New Guinea-Admiralty Islands area at the end of the month, she departed Manus Island on 2 January 1945, and on the 11th arrived off Luzon with reinforcements for the assault forces landed on the Lingayen beaches 2 days earlier. She departed on the 15th, and 8 days later arrived at Ulithi where she joined the Fast Carrier Task Force (then 5th Fleet's TF 58, later 3rd Fleet's TF 38).
Bombardment of Japan
On 10 February 1945, she sortied with Task Group 58.5 (TG 58.5) and, steaming north, screened that group as its planes flew night fighter cover for the task force and conducted night harassment strikes against the enemy in the Tokyo area and then over Iwo Jima. Remey supported operations in the Volcano and Bonin Islands until 9 March, then got underway for Ulithi and a 2-day rest. On the 14th, she screened the sortie of TG 58.4, then sailed with that group as it struck enemy installations, shipping and troop concentrations on and around Kyūshū and the Ryūkyū Islands. On 1 April, the group covered the assault on Okinawa's Hagushi beaches, then remained in the area until 11 May as ground forces pushed across Japan's last bastion protecting her home islands. Replenished at Ulithi, the ships, now designated TG 38.4, were back off Okinawa before the end of the month. On 8 June, Remey joined TG 30.4 for the bombardment of Okino Daito, returned to TG 38.4 the next day, retiring to Leyte on the 11th.
By 1 July, the carriers were again ready to strike at the Japanese home islands. On the 10th sorties were flown against Tokyo and, on the 13th-14th, against northern Honshū and Hokkaidō. On the night of 14/15 July, Remey participated in the bombardment of Muroran. On the 16th, she screened the carriers as further strikes were launched against Honshū, then returned to the bombardment group as it shelled Hitachi. On the 18th, she rejoined TG 38.4, then shifted to TG 38.3 for screening duties as planes were sent against Shikoku and Kyūshū, concentrating on Kobe, 20th-22nd. Further strikes against the southern islands followed, but by 30 July, the Tokyo and Nagoya areas were again the targets. Weather conditions, including a typhoon, delayed further offensive action until 9 August, when Honshū was again hit.
Detached the following day, Remey, with others of her squadron, proceeded to the Kuril Islands where she joined TF 92 in an anti-shipping sweep in the Sea of Okhotsk on the 11th, then headed for Adak Island en route to a shipyard overhaul on the west coast. At Adak on the 14th, she received word of the Japanese surrender and orders to rejoin TF 92 for occupation duty in the Ominato area. Departing the Aleutian Islands at the end of August, she remained in Japanese waters until 15 September when she got underway for San Francisco.
Arriving on 1 October 1945, she shifted to San Diego in December. In commission, in reserve from January, Remey decommissioned on 10 December 1946 and was berthed at San Diego until ordered activated with the outbreak of hostilities in Korea.
Post-War
Recommissioned on 14 November 1951, Remey departed the west coast on 15 February 1952 and on the 28th reported for duty with the Atlantic Fleet. Homeported at Newport, she added strength to the 2nd Fleet as it sent destroyers to the Far East to support U.N. Forces in Korea. For the next year and a half, Remey operated in the western Atlantic and in the Caribbean. Then, in the fall (September–December) of 1953, deployed briefly to European waters for joint operations with the Royal Navy followed by 6th Fleet exercises in the Mediterranean. Six months after her return to Newport, she sailed for the western Pacific and summer operations with the 7th Fleet. Between June and September, she ranged from Korea and Japan to the Philippines and departed the latter for Suez 24 September, completing her round-the-world cruise on 28 November.
Remey remained in the western Atlantic through 1955 and, in the spring of 1956, as tension in the eastern Mediterranean from Cyprus to Suez, again heightened, rejoined the 6th Fleet. From 31 March to 12 May, as British troops prepared to withdraw from Suez, she cruised the Red Sea-Persian Gulf areas. Then, at the end of the month, the destroyer returned to Newport for 5 months of type training and ASW evaluation exercises. In July, Egypt nationalized the Suez Canal. By the end of the month, financial retaliations had been imposed by western Europe. Despite various peace plans proposed in August and September, war broke out in late October. To the north, civil unrest continued in Cyprus, flared in Poland, and flamed through Hungary. On 6 November, Remey steamed back to the Mediterranean to assume patrol duties which continued until after Israeli forces withdrew from the Sinai Peninsula in late January 1957.
Through the spring of 1958, Remey remained on the east coast. During the summer, she conducted exercises in the North Atlantic and the North Sea. Returning in August, she participated in further ASW evaluation tests, then, in October, assumed duties as schoolship for the Destroyer Force's Afloat Engineering School.
Detached at the end of the year, Remey shifted her homeport to New York City and commenced duty as flagship of Reserve Escort Squadron 2 (later, Reserve Destroyer Squadron 2). A unit of the Selected Reserve antisubmarine program, her crew was recalled to active duty and she rejoined the active fleet, assigned to Destroyer Division 201, after the closing of the East and West Berlin border in mid-August 1961. During December of that year and January 1962, she cruised in the North Sea, returning to Newport in February and resuming reserve training duties at New York in August. In September 1963, she steamed to Philadelphia where the ship was decommissioned on 30 December 1963, and was berthed as a unit of the Atlantic Reserve Fleet.
Remey was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 1 December 1974. She was sold on 10 June 1976 and broken up for scrap.
Awards
Remey earned 10 battle stars during World War II.
References
External links
navsource.org: USS Remey
hazegray.org: USS Remey
World War II destroyers of the United States
Cold War destroyers of the United States
Ships built in Bath, Maine
1943 ships
Fletcher-class destroyers of the United States Navy
Saint Lucia first participated at the Olympic Games in 1996, and has sent athletes to compete in every Summer Olympic Games since then. The nation has never participated in the Winter Olympic Games.
To date, no athlete from Saint Lucia has ever won an Olympic medal.
The National Olympic Committee for Saint Lucia was created in 1987 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee in 1993.
Medal tables
Medals by Summer Games
See also
List of flag bearers for Saint Lucia at the Olympics
:Category:Olympic competitors for Saint Lucia
External links
Olympics
Dahakalikasthan is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1999 living in 362 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Doti District
Populated places in Doti District
Carroll Academy (CA) is a private K-12 school in Carrollton, Mississippi.
The Atlantic identified it as a segregation academy, a school created to thwart racial integration. In 2010 it had no African-American students.
The school was established in the ex-Jennie McBride School on August 28, 1969.
In 2011 the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) stated that the Council of Conservative Citizens funds the school.
As of 2018 the school had 309 students, of which 305 were white and 4 were of two or more races.
See also
Carroll County School District – The public school system of the county
J. Z. George High School – Public high school
Vaiden High School – Former high school in Vaiden in Carroll County
References
External links
Carroll Academy
Private K-12 schools in Mississippi
Segregation academies
1969 establishments in Mississippi
Educational institutions established in 1969
Akdamlar is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
Therese Brophy is a camogie player from County Tipperary, Ireland. She won an All-Star award in 2004 and a Lynchpin award, predecessor of the Star awards, in 2003. She was nominated again for an Star in 2005.
Career
She played in eight successive All Ireland finals for Tipperary GAA, winning five All Ireland medals in 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003 and 2004. She won her first All Ireland senior club medal with Cashel in 2007 and a second against Athenry in 2009.
References
Living people
Tipperary camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ben Oakley may refer to:
Ben Oakley (canoeist), British canoeist who won a bronze medal at the Wildwater Canoeing World Championships
Ben Oakley (cricketer), Australian cricketer who played Big Bash League for the Adelaide Strikers
Marion County is located in the Ozark Mountains in the U.S. state of Arkansas. The county is named for Francis Marion, the famous "Swamp Fox" of the Revolutionary War. Created as Arkansas's 35th county in 1836, Marion County is home to one incorporated town and four incorporated cities, including Yellville, the county seat. The county is also the site of numerous unincorporated communities and ghost towns. The county included part of what is now Searcy County, Arkansas, with many opposing to dividing them, which helped fueled the bloody Tutt-Everett War between 1844 and 1850.
Occupying , Marion County is the 33rd smallest county in Arkansas. As of the 2010 Census, the county's population is 16,653 people in 3,531 households. Based on population, the county is the 27th smallest county of the 75 in Arkansas. Located in the Ozarks, the county is largely covered with rugged terrain and waterways, with the exception of King's Prairie in the southwestern portion. It is drained by the White River, Buffalo River, Crooked Creek, and the Little North Fork of White River. Protected areas of the county include Bull Shoals-White River State Park, Ozark National Forest, the Buffalo National River and four wildlife management areas (WMAs).
Although no Interstate highways are located in Marion County, two United States highways (U.S. Route 62 [US 62] and US 412) and eight Arkansas state highways run in the county.
History
Prior to white settlement, the Ozark Plateau was inhabited by the Osage Indians for centuries. Present-day Arkansas was under French rule from 1682 until the Spanish took over in 1762. The territory was returned to France in 1800 and then sold to the United States as part of the Louisiana Purchase in 1803. In 1812, the Territory of Missouri was formed, containing all of the Louisiana Purchase except the modern state of Louisiana. To manage this expansive and sparsely populated territory, counties were formed. New Madrid County, Missouri covered much of southeastern Missouri and the northern part of Arkansas. This county was eventually subdivided into Lawrence County, which was later subdivided into Izard County.
Marion County was formerly home to a large zinc mining industry. The ruins of the Rush Creek mining district are preserved as the Rush Historic District, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (6.8%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Ozark County, Missouri (north)
Baxter County (east)
Searcy County (south)
Boone County (west)
Taney County, Missouri (northwest)
National protected areas
Buffalo National River (part)
Buffalo National River Wilderness
Ozark National Forest (part)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 16,826 people, 6,782 households, and 4,438 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 16,140 people, 6,776 households, and 4,871 families residing in the county. The population density was 27 people per square mile (10/km2). There were 8,235 housing units at an average density of 14 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.52% White, 0.12% Black or African American, 0.76% Native American, 0.20% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 0.13% from other races, and 1.22% from two or more races. 0.76% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 6,776 households, out of which 26.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.30% were married couples living together, 7.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.10% were non-families. 24.90% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.79.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.10% under the age of 18, 6.00% from 18 to 24, 23.30% from 25 to 44, 28.50% from 45 to 64, and 20.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 97.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.80 males. The median income for a household in the county was $26,737, and the median income for a family was $32,181. Males had a median income of $22,877 versus $17,729 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,588. About 11.50% of families and 15.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.50% of those under age 18 and 14.40% of those age 65 or over.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body granted specific powers by the Constitution of Arkansas and the Arkansas Code. The quorum court is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all spending and revenue collection. Representatives are called justices of the peace and are elected from county districts every even-numbered year. The number of districts in a county vary from nine to fifteen, and district boundaries are drawn by the county election commission. The Marion County Quorum Court has nine members. Presiding over quorum court meetings is the county judge, who serves as the chief operating officer of the county. The county judge is elected at-large and does not vote in quorum court business, although capable of vetoing quorum court decisions.
Politics
Over The past few election cycles Marion County has trended heavily towards the GOP. The last democrat (as of 2020) to carry this county was Bill Clinton in 1996.
Taxation
Property tax is assessed by the Marion County Assessor annually based upon the fair market value of the property and determining which tax rate, commonly called a millage in Arkansas, will apply. The rate depends upon the property's location with respect to city limits, school district, and special tax increment financing (TIF) districts. This tax is collected by the Marion County Collector between the first business day of March of each year through October 15th without penalty. The Marion County Treasurer disburses tax revenues to various government agencies, such as cities, county road departments, fire departments, libraries, and police departments in accordance with the budget set by the quorum court.
Sales and use taxes in Arkansas are voter approved and collected by the Arkansas Department of Finance and Administration.
Arkansas's statewide sales and use tax has been 6.5% since July 1, 2013. Marion County has an additional sales and use tax of 1.75%, which has been in effect since April 1, 2017. Within Marion County, the five municipalities each also have additional sales and use tax: Bull Shoals and Yellville levy an additional 2%, Flippin and Summit 1%, and Pyatt 0.5%. The Arkansas State Treasurer disburses state tax revenue to counties/cities in accordance with tax rules.
Communities
Cities
Bull Shoals
Flippin
Summit
Yellville (county seat)
Town
Pyatt
Census-designated places
Oakland
Townships
Note: Unlike most Arkansas counties, Marion County only has one single township (named "Marion County"). That township encompasses the entire county.
Marion County
Infrastructure
Major highways
US 62
US 412
U.S. Route 62 Business
U.S. Route 62 Spur
Highway 14
Highway 101
Highway 125
Highway 178
Highway 202
Highway 206
Highway 235
Highway 268
Airport Highway 980
See also
List of lakes in Marion County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Marion County, Arkansas
References
External links
Map of Marion County from the U. S. Census Bureau
1835 establishments in Arkansas Territory
Populated places established in 1835
In United Nations Security Council resolution 853, adopted unanimously on 29 July 1993, after reaffirming Resolution 822 (1993), the Council expressed its concern at the deteriorating relations between Armenia and Azerbaijan and condemned the seizure of the district of Agdam and other areas of Azerbaijan, demanding a complete withdrawal from the areas by Armenians.
The resolution began by demanding an immediate ceasefire and cessation of hostilities, noting in particular attacks on civilians and bombardments of inhabited areas, urging unimpeded access for international humanitarian relief efforts in the region. It also called for energy, transport and economic links to be restored as part of this process and urging the Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali and other international organisations to provide assistance to displaced persons.
Regarding efforts to end the conflict, the Council commended the work of the OSCE Minsk Group which was under the leadership of Jan Eliasson, but expressed concern at the disruptive effect the conflict was having on its work. In this regard it urged the parties to refrain from actions that may obstruct a peaceful settlement of the issue and to negotiate within the Minsk Group, welcoming the latter's preparations for a monitoring mission in the region.
The Council asked for the Government of Armenia to exert its influence to achieve compliance by the Armenians of the Nagorno-Karabakh region in Azerbaijan with Resolution 822, the current resolution and proposals by the Minsk Group. It also called for states to refrain from providing any weapons and munitions which might lead to an intensification of the conflict.
Finally, in the second resolution to consider the conflict between Armenia and Azerbaijan, the council requested the secretary-general, in consultation with the chairman-in-office of the CSCE as well as the chairman of the Minsk Group, to continue to update the council on developments in the region.
See also
1993 Summer Offensives
Armenia–Azerbaijan relations
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 801 to 900 (1993–1994)
First Nagorno-Karabakh War
List of United Nations Security Council resolutions on the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
0853
First Nagorno-Karabakh War
0853
0853
July 1993 events
Moki steps, sometimes spelled alternately as Moqui steps, are a recurring feature found in areas of the American southwest previously inhabited by the Ancestral Puebloans and other related cultures. The steps consist of alternating hand and toe holds carved into vertical or near-vertical sandstone surfaces. The steps are usually two to three inches deep, and three to four inches in width and height.
Location and use
Moki steps are often found near cliff-dwellings and water sources. They may have allowed relatively quick access to difficult-to-reach areas such as slot canyons, look-out positions, and granaries. In some cases, Moki steps are thought to have provided access to fertile canyon bottoms from more defensible dwellings on or above surrounding cliffs. The steps may have been used in conjunction with handmade ropes.
Similar sets of depressions may have been carved by non-indigenous settlers or explorers. In other cases, recent visitors may have deepened or widened a previously existing set of Moki steps. There are no published criteria for determining the origin of a given set of steps.
See also
Water glyphs
References
External links
https://www.flickr.com/photos/amalaura/541864353/ Picture
Archaeology of the Americas
Puebloan architectural elements
Pocket Gangsters (Hindi: पॉकेट गैंगस्टर्स) is a 2015 Indian Hindi language comedy drama film written and directed by Hemant Nilim Das, produced by V. M. Shah, and starring Madhur Mittal, Raghubir Yadav, and Mukesh Bhatt. Though initially announced to release in July 2013 and then re-slated for September 2014, the film was finally released January 2015.
Synopsis
Pocket Gangsters is the story of the world of crime where some criminals have set their goals on kidnapping and making hostage demand ransoms from the relatives or friends of those taken. What begins as drama becomes a comic thriller when they turn their criminal attention toward the daughter of a wealthy man in order to gain millions.
Cast
Madhur Mittal as Vicky Ranawat
Raghubir Yadav as Papa
Mukesh Bhatt as Billoo Download
Shivangi Mehra as Mira
Vijay Raaz as Madhubali
Malabyaborthakur & Prashantt as Malabyabor Thakur
Production
Inspiration
Kidnapping has become an illicit world-wide business netting 150 billion dollars per year. This film addresses the issue in a darkly comedic fashion. Pocket Gangsters addresses the dark world of "pocketing" human lives, IE: putting a victim's life in grave peril and demanding an obscene amount of ransom from the relatives or friends of the hostage. In the film, a young woman whose family is worth millions, is kidnapped. Director Hemant Nilim Das related that the film "is loosely based on the story of the kidnapping and murder of an NGO-activist Sanjay Ghose" as "a hostage drama cum comic thriller," and inspired by events centered in Guwahati, an area which has become "the epicenter of child-kidnapping".
Filming
In May 2013, the film was reported to have entered production. Playback singer Shalmali Kholgade, known for her multiple awards for Ishaqzaade's "Pareshaan" sang for the "Janiyaa jaaniyaa" track for this film. Actor Raghubir Yadav held the role of a blind gangster and memorized the entire 127 page Pocket Gangsters script in 4 hours in preparation for his role, as well as having spent time studying students at a school for the blind to educate himself for portraying a blind character. An issue that affected the project was actor Vijay Raz being injured while shooting a combat scene with Madhur Mittal. Being a one-take film, he continued. After completing the scene, he was taken to a clinic and treated for a "minor injury with swellings". The project also dealt with freezing weather. One morning when shooting a swimming pool sequence at Guwahati, the temperature was as low as -4 °C.
Controversy
An incident creating controversy was the leaked releasing of a raw and unedited kidnapping and rape scene from the film. This angered the director and resulted in his sending a legal notice to news and content website IndyanNewz.com for their unauthorized leaking of the film's proprietary property. That leak resulted in a controversy questioning the rape scene being used for the film's promotion.
Release
The film was initially announced with a slated release date in July 2013, and subsequently re-slated for a release for September 2014, but due to delays in post-production, release was postponed until finally being released in January 2015. Being noted as "India's first one-take, one-shot and uncut film", the finished film released January 2015 in over 900 theater screens across India.
Awards
Best director of the feature film by Los Angeles World International Film Festival: Hemant Nilim Das
Best audience choice award by Bioscope Global Film Festival: Vikam m. Shah
Best lead actor (male) nominee by Bare-bones Film & Music Festival: Madhur Mittal
Best lead actor (female) nominee by Bare-bones Film & Music Festival: Shivangi Mehra
Semi finalist of Los Angeles CineFest: Pocket Gangsters
Best foreign language feature by Bare-bones Film & Music Festival: Pocket Gangsters
Bone head of excellence award by Bare-bones Film & Music Festival:Hemant Nilim Das
Bone head of excellence award by Bare-bones Film & Music Festival:Vikram M. Shah
Selection for feature film of 2017 by Underground Room: Pocket Gangsters
Official selection in Independent Film Collaborative 2017: Pocket Gangsters
Winner of 2nd Cinema London Film Festival 2017: Pocket Gangsters
Malta international film festival award: Pocket Gangsters
Winner of Intl. Film Festival for Women, Social Issues & Zero Discrimination 2017: Pocket Gangsters
Gold Award for best feature film by International Film Festival: Pocket Gangsters
Selected in Cameroon Intl. Film Festival 2017: Pocket Gangsters
Selected in AMAZON Underground Film Festival 2017: Pocket Gangsters
Pre-selected in ROME Film Awards 2017: Pocket Gangsters
Selection in Direct Monthly Online Film Festival 2016: Pocket Gangsters
Winner of Los Angeles World Intl. Film Festival 2016 Pocket Gangsters
Selection in Eurocinema Film Festival 2016: Pocket Gangsters
Best director by Los Angeles World International Film Festival: Hemant Nilim Das
Selection in Kashmir Intl. Film Festival 2018: Pocket Gangsters
Selection for the feature film of 2017 by Underground Room: Pocket Gangsters
Selection in HK world Intl. Film Festival 2016: Pocket Gangsters
Winner of Bioscope Global Film Festival 2016: Pocket Gangsters
Winner of 2nd Cinema London Film Festival 2017: Pocket Gangsters
Soundtrack
Reception
Times of India praised the project, writing "The plot has numerous twists and turns, the storytelling is highly cathartic and music is romantic. Truly a gangster spirited feature... the film engages you from the beginning till end with shock and awe."
References
External links
Pocket Gangsters at the Internet Movie Database
as archived April 17, 2015
Official Facebook
2015 films
2010s Hindi-language films
2015 directorial debut films
Symbria is a healthcare company that provides rehabilitation services, wellness programs, pharmacy services, experience surveys, and strategic consulting services to senior-living and post-acute providers across the United States.
Symbria's headquarters is located in Warrenville, Illinois.
History
Symbria was founded in 1995. Jill Krueger has served as President and CEO since its founding. Symbria was previously known as Health Resources Alliance.
In October 2015, Symbria became an Employee Stock Owned company.
References
Health care companies based in Illinois
On 21 September 1949 at Goodison Park, Liverpool, the home of Everton, England were defeated 2–0 by Ireland in a friendly international. As a result, Ireland became the first foreign team to beat England at home. In 1953, the Hungarian team known as the Mighty Magyars defeated England 6–3, to become the second team to do so.
Previous games
During the 1940s, there were in effect, two Ireland teams, chosen by two rival associations—the Northern Ireland-based Irish Football Association (IFA) and the Republic of Ireland-based Football Association of Ireland (FAI). Both organisations claimed jurisdiction over the whole of Ireland, and selected players from the whole island. As a result, several notable Irish players from this era had played for both teams. The IFA XI had played England regularly since 1882, and claimed their first victory, by a score of 3–0, on English soil at Ayresome Park, Middlesbrough on 14 February 1914, but this was only the second time England and the FAI XI had met. Despite this, several members of the FAI XI had played against England several times before while representing the IFA XI; striker Davy Walsh had previously scored three times against England.
The FAI XI had played England for the first time at Dalymount Park on 30 September 1946. A team, featuring Johnny Carey, Con Martin and Billy Walsh, were narrowly defeated 1–0 when Tom Finney scored the winner in the 82nd minute. Two days earlier, on 28 September, Carey and Tom Aherne had been included in the IFA XI that had been heavily defeated 7–2 by the same England side. The next time the IFA XI played England, on 5 November 1947, their team included six players—Carey, Martin, Billy Walsh, Peter Farrell, Davy Walsh and Tommy Eglington—who had previously played for the FAI XI. Davy Walsh scored the opening goal in a 2–2 draw at Goodison Park. Carey, Martin, Farrell and Walsh also played for the IFA XI in their 6–2 defeat by England at Windsor Park on 10 October 1948. Davy Walsh also scored both goals that day.
The teams
The game was used by both teams as part of their preparations for forthcoming World Cup qualifiers. Despite the absence of both Stanley Matthews and Stan Mortensen, England fielded a strong team, including Billy Wright, Neil Franklin, Wilf Mannion and Tom Finney. Ireland's team included just seven First Division players, but these included Johnny Carey who had been voted Footballer of the Year in 1949. Another two Irish players, Tom Aherne and Tommy Moroney, like Finney, played in the English Second Division. The remaining two Irish players, goalkeeper Tommy Godwin and Tommy O'Connor both played for Shamrock Rovers in the League of Ireland.
Match
Summary
The early pattern of the game saw England launch wave after wave of attacks. However Tommy Godwin was in inspired form and Con Martin, Tom Aherne and Johnny Carey proved to difficult for England to get past. Carey was also effective in keeping Tom Finney quiet, while wing-halves Billy Walsh and Tommy Moroney gradually took the sting out of the English front line. Ireland took the lead in the 33rd minute when Peter Desmond, after collecting a pass from Tommy O'Connor, burst into the England penalty area and was brought down. Con Martin then converted the subsequent penalty kick. During the second half the wave of England attacks continued. Peter Harris hit the bar and Jesse Pye also went close. However Peter Farrell, playing at his club Everton's home ground, made victory certain in the 85th minute. O'Connor slipped the ball to Farrell and as the English goalkeeper Bert Williams advanced, Farrell lofted the ball into the net.
Details
Sources
The Boys in Green - The FAI International Story (1997): Sean Ryan
See also
1929 Spain v England football match
References
External links
Highlights of Game at www.youtube.com
Article at Republic of Ireland fansite
Article at Everton fansite
Historic Day, 21 September 1949
England International Results at Rsssf
Picture of Ireland team
Eng
Ire
Republic of Ireland national football team matches
England national football team matches
1940s in Liverpool
September 1949 sports events in the United Kingdom
International association football matches
Kwesi Plange (1926 – 1953) was a Ghanaian politician and educationist, He was a founding member of the Convention People's Party (CPP) and the first headmaster of Ghana National College.
Career and politics
He was a teacher of St. Augustine's College in Cape Coast; his teaching appointment was terminated by the colonial government based on recommendations of the Quarshie-Idun Commission, the commission was set up to investigate the protest of students in Cape Coast schools following the detention in 1948 of "The Big Six". Together with three other teachers, they founded the Ghana National College and Plange become the college's first headteacher from 1948 to 1950.
Plange was active in the politics of the Gold Coast, he was a member of the United Gold Coast Convention. When Kwame Nkrumah founded the Convention People's Party on 12 June 1949, he joined the convention and was a member of its first Central Committee. In 1951, he was elected to the legislative assembly to represent Cape Coast municipality on the ticket of CPP. Being the youngest member of the assembly and he fought for the inclusion of the youth in the politics of the Colony. He proposed amendment to the Coussey Constitution to reduce the voting age from 25 to 21. He was the Ministerial Secretary to the Ministry of Local Government and led the formulation of the Local Governance Ordinance.
Death
Plange died in 1953. He was replaced on the central committee and the legislative council by Nathaniel Azarco Welbeck.
See also
Convention People's Party
References
1926 births
Convention People's Party (Ghana) politicians
People from Cape Coast
1953 deaths
Ghanaian independence activists
Ghanaian MPs 1951–1954
Amuzgo textiles are those created by the Amuzgo indigenous people who live in the Mexican states of Guerrero and Oaxaca. The history of this craft extends to the pre-Columbian period, which much preserved, as many Amuzgos, especially in Xochistlahuaca, still wear traditional clothing. However, the introduction of cheap commercial cloth has put the craft in danger as hand woven cloth with elaborate designs cannot compete as material for regular clothing. Since the 20th century, the Amuzgo weavers have mostly made cloth for family use, but they have also been developing specialty markets, such as to collectors and tourists for their product.
One major player in this development is the Liaa' Ljaa' cooperative, which seeks to not only commercialize Amuzgo weaving but also preserve designs and traditional techniques, partnering with organizations such as the Universidad Autónoma Metropolitana (UAM) in Azcapotzalco. Most weavings are still done with traditional designs and techniques and with natural fibers, principally cotton, and dyes.
The Amuzgos
The Amuzgos live in the border region of southeastern Guerrero and southwestern Oaxaca, with about eighty percent in Guerrero. Most live in the municipalities of San Pedro Amuzgos, Putla and Santa María Ipalapa in Oaxaca and Xochistlahuaca and Ometepec in Guerrero. The region is hot with rugged terrain with tropical forest whose leaves drop during the dry season. It has various small rivers and streams. The Amuzgo practice subsistence agriculture based on corn, beans and chili peppers with some other cash crops such as sesame seed and tropical fruits. The region is not purely Amuzgo as Triquis, Tlapanecs, Mixtecs, Chatinos and Nahuas.
One name the Amuzgo have for themselves is Tzjon non, especially in San Pedro Amuzgos, which means “people of the textiles.” There are about 35,000 speakers of the Amuzgo language. The religion is Catholicism with indigenous elements such as a belief in good and evil spirits which can cause or cure disease, rain or drought and more. The largest community of Amuzgos is in the municipality of Xochistlahuaca in Guerrero. Many houses are of adobe on narrow streets on steep hills. The Amuzgos here have maintained most of their culture in its food, family structure, language and religious beliefs. Since 1996, Xochistlahuaca has hosted a regional gathering of Amuzgos to promote regional social, political and economic development. The town also has a community museum which has a number of pre Hispanic pieces. The children receive primary school education in both Spanish and Amuzgo.
Textiles are an important part of Amuzgo culture and economy, although other handcrafts such as ceramics. Although weaving is painstaking and time-consuming, most Amuzgo women do it along with farming and household chores because it brings in money to the household, and the labors of men in the fields growing corn, beans, squash and cotton is not enough. Cotton is highly valued by the Amuzgos, not only for its economic value but also because it is considered to be in harmony with the human body and soft to the touch. Most of Xochistlahuaca inhabitants, especially the women, still wear traditional garb. The most notable of these is the huipil, a kind of long tunic, which is called “cheyno” in Amuzgo. This word means a cloth that covers a woman, and is considered to be an expression of the wearer. There are two types of huipils: everyday and those for special occasions, and both can be elaborately decorated.
Preservation and marketing
Most textiles made in Amuzgo homes is still for family use, especially huipils. However, the craft is in danger because machine made cloth is much cheaper, and as everyday clothing, traditional hand woven cloth cannot compete in the market outside the home. Starting in the latter 20th century, huipils and other traditional clothing for sale has been targeted to specialty markets such as to scholars like anthropologists, rich Mexican woman who wear them for civic holidays and to tourists from various parts of the world including those who travel to Xochistlahuaca to buy.
Amuzgo textile production and efforts at preservation are strongest in Xochistlahuaca, with the oldest and most complex designs mostly known only to the oldest weavers in this municipality. The weavers of this town have made efforts to preserve these designs and pass them onto the younger generations. One major development in the preservation and promotion of Amuzgo textiles was the formation of the Liaa' Ljaa' cooperative in 1996. The name is from Amuzgo and means "materials of flowers". The cooperative today have fifty nine members representing fifty nine families, which totals about 160 people, only forty of which are men. This cooperative exists to avoid middlemen, selling more directly to the market for higher prices as well as promote efforts to preserve traditional designs and techniques using natural fibers and dyes. The group weaves elaborate huipils, blouses, skirts, rebozos, bedcovers, tablecloths and napkins, and works together to commercialize them. However, the most important item remains the huipil both for use by the Amuzgo women and by collectors.
The Amuzgo have taken steps to have their weavings received a “denomination of origin” so that this style of weaving is only authentically produced in Amuzgo territory, similar to the denomination of origin afforded to Talavera pottery. They have also worked to create new designs and new items, such as pants and rugs for commercialization purposes with support from government and other sources. One of these is the cooperation between Liaa' Ljaa' and the Universidad Autónoma Metropolitana-Azcapotzalco, which aims to preserve Amuzgo textiles and other aspects of Amuzgo culture. The UAM library has a collection of original textiles, along with a catalog of 244 traditional designs used on clothing and other textiles, with photographs in the possession of the Xochistlahuaca Community Museum. The collaboration works to preserve traditional designs which are not often done because they are complex, time-consuming and/or costly to make.
Weavers from Xochistlahuaca have received support and awards for their work. Sources of support include Programa Nacional de Arte Popular of the DGCP, Comisión Nacional para el Desarrollo de los Pueblos Indígenas, and the Programa de Fondos Culturales. The last has a program called "Fortalecimiento Cultural" which aims to recompile and register traditional designs to keep the oldest and most complicated from being forgotten.
A number of weavers from the community have received prizes for their work including the 2004 Premio Nacional de Ciencias y Artes awarded to the cooperative as a whole. The work has been exhibited in museums such as the Museo Regional de Guerrero. Estela Pineda participated in the XVI Muestra Iberoamericana de Artesanía in Spain with a huipil made of coyochi cotton colored with vegetable dyes which was recognized as best textile. Plants used included indigo, marigold flowers, roses and others. Florentina Lopez de Jesus won second place at the UNESCO handcraft prize in 2001 for Latin American and the Caribbean.
Designs
The embroidery and weaving designs of Amuzgo textiles have significance and are passed down from generation to generation. The designs found on the cloth made in Xochistlahuaca is some of the most traditional. The patterns identify various Amuzgo communities as well as Amuzgo identity, with the designs considered to be a kind of “alphabet” by Amuzgo weavers. This use of design is part of this people's cultural heritage along with the weaving process itself. Some of the designs can be traced back to images found on codices and pre Hispanic cultures. Most of the designs are based on the flora and fauna of the Costa Chica region of Guerrero, especially those near Xochistlahuaca. These include petate mat patterns, fretwork, suns, stars, mountains, rivers, dogs, horses, donkeys, turtles, water bugs, birds, double headed eagles and various flowers. There are mathematical formulas that create patterns such as “pata de perro” (a kind of leaf that grows along the Santa Catarina River), “flores de piedra” (stone flowers), curvas de cola de tortuga (turtle tail curls), “flores de pina” (pineapple flowers) and “patas de gato” (cats' feet). These patterns can be found on huipils, blouses, skirts, napkins, rebozos and dresses. An S pattern represents the feminine and indirectly, the earth. Another common motif is the double headed eagle, which is based on a number of myths of the region. There are also newer designs which were created with the help of Beatriz Jimenez, a designer at UAM.
Process
Like many other indigenous communities, people learn to create handcrafts as young children, with most boys learning to weave hammocks and nets, but it is the girls that learn to make cloth on a backstrap loom, learning from their mothers and grandmothers. Most of the thread, the dyes and the tools used for weaving fabric are natural and include cotton, wood and even bird bones which function much like needles. White cotton is increasingly used but the most traditional variety is called “coyuche” which is naturally brown. The name comes from “coyote” as the color is similar to that to the animal. This variety of cotton is not used anywhere else in the world, but its use is less than the past and not used at all in many works. This cotton is grown by the Amuzgo themselves, along with other crops. Cotton fiber is also often mixed with the fiber of a local plant called cacaloxuchitl. Dyes are made from cochineal, branches from the nanche (Byrsonima crassifolia) and almond tree and hay.
Generally, huipils made from cloth 45 cm wide take about four months to complete, working four hours a day. It sells for about 2,500 pesos. All pieces are unique with no two exactly the same.
The process of converting cotton into cloth is nearly the same as it was in the pre Hispanic period. The process starts with cleaning and beating the raw cotton fibers, then spinning them into thread using a supported spindle called a malacate (large whorl-less spindle which spins in a small cup). The thread is wound into skeins of yarn and dyed.
The warp threads are wound, which determines the length of the cloth to be made as well as some of the colors that will be used. The weaving is done on a backstrap loom. One end of the warp threads are fastened to a wooden rod and the other end is held by a wood stick or rod which is then fastened to the weaver by a belt that goes around her back. The weaving is done by raising half the warp threads to create a space or shed through which the shuttle passes. To create two different sheds, the weaver uses a wood pole called a shed rod that half the warp passes over and string heddles tied to another wooden rod, that the other half of the warp passes through. Some designs are woven into the fabric by introducing an extra weft thread that may be brightly colored. There are four main weaving techniques. Simple huipils are made in brocade with extra or supplementary weft threads seen on both sides of the cloth. Napkins and tablecloths have one side completely smooth. A second type of huipil has areas of gauze weave (gauze is an open cloth stabilized with leno twists). The fourth is an all over gauze weave called concha de armadillos with the design in the form of a diamond.
Cloth destined for huipils is joined together by complicated and decorative hand stitching. In addition to designs woven into the cloth, clothing, napkins and more are further embellished with embroidery with designs depicting geometric figures, animals. Most embroidery is done using commercial thread as it is cheaper.
Florentina López de Jesús
The best known Amuzgo weaver from Xochistlahuaca is Florentina López de Jesús. Like most other girls in her area, she watched her mother weave as she sat by her side playing with skeins of cotton yarn. When she was an adult her weaving skills came to include techniques such as taffeta, simple weave, taletón (a variation of taffeta)and variations of gauze. Her specialty is gauze brocade in which various colored brocading weft threads are introduced to form designs. At first, her production was generally sold among her friends or done by special order as she had no permanent shop. After winning awards for her work starting in 1980, she began selling her pieces in Ometepec. Major awards include “Por siempre el rebozo” in 1991 and Las Manos de México in 1994 in the category of brocade.
References
Amuzgos
Indigenous culture of Mexico
Indigenous textile art of the Americas
Weaving
Embroidery
Textile arts of Mexico
Affine differential geometry is a type of differential geometry which studies invariants of volume-preserving affine transformations. The name affine differential geometry follows from Klein's Erlangen program. The basic difference between affine and Riemannian differential geometry is that affine differential geometry studies manifolds equipped with a volume form rather than a metric.
Preliminaries
Here we consider the simplest case, i.e. manifolds of codimension one. Let be an n-dimensional manifold, and let ξ be a vector field on transverse to such that for all where ⊕ denotes the direct sum and Span the linear span.
For a smooth manifold, say N, let Ψ(N) denote the module of smooth vector fields over N. Let be the standard covariant derivative on Rn+1 where
We can decompose DXY into a component tangent to M and a transverse component, parallel to ξ. This gives the equation of Gauss: where is the induced connexion on M and is a bilinear form. Notice that ∇ and h depend upon the choice of transverse vector field ξ. We consider only those hypersurfaces for which h is non-degenerate. This is a property of the hypersurface M and does not depend upon the choice of transverse vector field ξ. If h is non-degenerate then we say that M is non-degenerate. In the case of curves in the plane, the non-degenerate curves are those without inflexions. In the case of surfaces in 3-space, the non-degenerate surfaces are those without parabolic points.
We may also consider the derivative of ξ in some tangent direction, say X. This quantity, DXξ, can be decomposed into a component tangent to M and a transverse component, parallel to ξ. This gives the Weingarten equation: The type-(1,1)-tensor is called the affine shape operator, the differential one-form is called the transverse connexion form. Again, both S and τ depend upon the choice of transverse vector field ξ.
The first induced volume form
Let be a volume form defined on Rn+1. We can induce a volume form on M given by This is a natural definition: in Euclidean differential geometry where ξ is the Euclidean unit normal then the standard Euclidean volume spanned by X1,...,Xn is always equal to ω(X1,...,Xn). Notice that ω depends on the choice of transverse vector field ξ.
The second induced volume form
For tangent vectors X1,...,Xn let be the given by We define a second volume form on M given by where Again, this is a natural definition to make. If M = Rn and h is the Euclidean scalar product then ν(X1,...,Xn) is always the standard Euclidean volume spanned by the vectors X1,...,Xn.
Since h depends on the choice of transverse vector field ξ it follows that ν does too.
Two natural conditions
We impose two natural conditions. The first is that the induced connexion ∇ and the induced volume form ω be compatible, i.e. ∇ω ≡ 0. This means that for all In other words, if we parallel transport the vectors X1,...,Xn along some curve in M, with respect to the connexion ∇, then the volume spanned by X1,...,Xn, with respect to the volume form ω, does not change. A direct calculation shows that and so for all if, and only if, τ ≡ 0, i.e. for all This means that the derivative of ξ, in a tangent direction X, with respect to D always yields a, possibly zero, tangent vector to M. The second condition is that the two volume forms ω and ν coincide, i.e.
The conclusion
It can be shown that there is, up to sign, a unique choice of transverse vector field ξ for which the two conditions that and are both satisfied. These two special transverse vector fields are called affine normal vector fields, or sometimes called Blaschke normal fields. From its dependence on volume forms for its definition we see that the affine normal vector field is invariant under volume preserving affine transformations. These transformations are given by where SL(n+1,R) denotes the special linear group of matrices with real entries and determinant 1, and ⋉ denotes the semi-direct product. forms a Lie group.
The affine normal line
The affine normal line at a point is the line passing through p and parallel to ξ.
Plane curves
The affine normal vector field for a curve in the plane has a nice geometrical interpretation. Let be an open interval and let be a smooth parametrisation of a plane curve. We assume that γ(I) is a non-degenerate curve (in the sense of Nomizu and Sasaki), i.e. is without inflexion points. Consider a point on the plane curve. Since γ(I) is without inflexion points it follows that γ(t0) is not an inflexion point and so the curve will be locally convex, i.e. all of the points γ(t) with for sufficiently small ε, will lie on the same side of the tangent line to γ(I) at γ(t0).
Consider the tangent line to γ(I) at γ(t0), and consider near-by parallel lines on the side of the tangent line containing the piece of curve For parallel lines sufficiently close to the tangent line they will intersect P in exactly two points. On each parallel line we mark the midpoint of the line segment joining these two intersection points. For each parallel line we get a midpoint, and so the locus of midpoints traces out a curve starting at p. The limiting tangent line to the locus of midpoints as we approach p is exactly the affine normal line, i.e. the line containing the affine normal vector to γ(I) at γ(t0). Notice that this is an affine invariant construction since parallelism and midpoints are invariant under affine transformations.
Consider the parabola given by the parametrisation . This has the equation The tangent line at γ(0) has the equation and so the parallel lines are given by for sufficiently small The line intersects the curve at The locus of midpoints is given by These form a line segment, and so the limiting tangent line to this line segment as we tend to γ(0) is just the line containing this line segment, i.e. the line In that case the affine normal line to the curve at γ(0) has the equation In fact, direct calculation shows that the affine normal vector at γ(0), namely ξ(0), is given by In the figure the red curve is the curve γ, the black lines are the tangent line and some near-by tangent lines, the black dots are the midpoints on the displayed lines, and the blue line is the locus of midpoints.
Surfaces in 3-space
A similar analogue exists for finding the affine normal line at elliptic points of smooth surfaces in 3-space. This time one takes planes parallel to the tangent plane. These, for planes sufficiently close to the tangent plane, intersect the surface to make convex plane curves. Each convex plane curve has a centre of mass. The locus of centres of mass trace out a curve in 3-space. The limiting tangent line to this locus as one tends to the original surface point is the affine normal line, i.e. the line containing the affine normal vector.
See also
Affine geometry of curves
Affine focal set
Affine sphere
References
Differential geometry
