A dominion was a self-governing autonomous state within the British Empire.
Dominion may also refer to:
Businesses and brands
Dominion (supermarket), in Canada
Dominion Diamond Mines, in Canada
Dominion Energy or Dominion, a utility in Virginia
Dominion Enterprises, a creator and distributor of free periodicals
Dominion Network, a Canadian radio network
Dominion Stores (Newfoundland), a supermarket chain in Canada
Dominion Theatre, in London, England
Dominion Voting Systems, a Canadian-American company that sells electronic voting systems
Dominion of Canada General Insurance Company (The Dominion), a defunct insurance company in Canada
The Dominion Bank, a defunct bank in Canada
Entertainment
Film
Jurassic World Dominion, a 2022 science fiction film
Dominion (documentary), a 2018 documentary about animal agriculture and animal rights
Dominion (2016 film), a biographical film about poet Dylan Thomas
Dominion: Prequel to the Exorcist, a 2005 horror film
Music
Dominion (British band), a British band from Thornhill, Dewsbury
Dominion (Filipino band), a Goth rock band
Dominion (Swedish band), a Swedish technical death metal band
"Dominion" (song), a 1987 song by the Sisters of Mercy
Dominion (Benedictum album), 2011
Dominion (HammerFall album), 2019
Dominion (Jakob EP), 2004
Dominion (Kamelot album), 1997
Dominion (Don McLean album), 1982
Dominion (Tech N9ne album), 2017
Dominion, 2022 album by Skillet
Games
Dominion (card game), a card game by Donald X. Vaccarino
Dominion: Storm Over Gift 3, a 1998 real-time strategy computer game
Print media
Dominion (poem), a 1938 poem by A. R. D. Fairburn
Dominion (Sansom novel), an alternative history novel by C. J. Sansom 2012
Dominion (Walters novel), a 1999 Doctor Who is a novel by Nick Walters
Dominion: The Power of Man, the Suffering of Animals, and the Call to Mercy, a book about animal protection by Matthew Scully
Dominators (DC Comics), an alien race collectively known as the Dominion in DC Comics
Dominion (manga), a 1985–1986 manga by Masamune Shirow
The Dominion (Canada), a monthly newspaper based in Montreal, Canada
The Dominion (Wellington), a former newspaper in Wellington, New Zealand, now part of The Dominion Post
Dominion: An Anthology of Speculative Fiction From Africa and the African Diaspora, 2020 American science fiction anthology
Television
"Dominion" (Stargate SG-1), a 2007 episode of Stargate SG-1 from season 10
Dominion (Star Trek), an interstellar empire in the Star Trek fictional universe
Dominion (TV series), a 2014 TV series on the Syfy channel, based on the 2010 movie Legion
Places
Dominion, Nova Scotia, Canada
Dominion, Maryland, an unincorporated community in Queen Anne's County, Maryland, United States
The Dominion (San Antonio), a neighborhood in San Antonio, Texas, United States
Other uses
Dominion (angel), a type of angel
Dominion (harness race), a race held at the Addington Raceway, Christchurch, New Zealand
Dominion Institute, a former foundation promoting knowledge of Canadian heritage, now part of Historica Canada
HMS Dominion, a battleship in the British Royal Navy from 1905 to 1918
NJPW Dominion, a professional wrestling event
LNER Class A4 4489 Dominion of Canada, a steam locomotive
The Dominion (train), a transcontinental passenger train on the Canadian Pacific Railway
See also
Commonwealth realm, contemporary term for former Dominions
Dominionism, a certain kind of conservative Christian political activity
Dominions of Sweden
Solar power represented a very small part of electricity production in the United Kingdom until the 2010s when it increased rapidly, thanks to feed-in tariff (FIT) subsidies and the falling cost of photovoltaic (PV) panels.
, installed capacity was over 13.5gigawatt (GW), with the 72MW(DC) Shotwick Solar Farm being the largest in the UK.
Annual generation was slightly under 13TWh in 2020 (4.1% of UK electricity consumption).
Peak generation was less than 10GW.
Solar PV panels have a capacity factor of around 10% in the UK climate.
Solar potential
The UK's annual insolation is in the range of 750–1,100kilowatt-hours per square metre (kWh/m2).
London receives 0.52 and 4.74kWh/m2 per day in December and July, respectively.
While the sunniest parts of the UK receive much less solar radiation than the sunniest parts of Europe, the country's insolation in the south is comparable with that of central European countries, including Germany, which generates about 7% of its electricity from solar power.
Additionally, the UK's higher wind speeds cool PV modules, leading to higher efficiencies than could be expected at these levels of insolation. The Department of Energy and Climate Change (DECC) assumes an average capacity factor of 9.7% for solar photovoltaics in the UK.
Derry Newman, chief executive of Solarcentury, argues that the UK's "famously overcast weather does not make it an unsuitable place for solar power, as solar panels work on daylight, not necessarily direct sunlight." Some solar cells work better in direct sunlight, others can use more diffuse light. While insolation rates are lower in England than France and Spain, they are still usable.
Solar PV installed capacity and generation
Solar PV deployment in the UK. Capacity in megawatt (MWp)
Source: DECC – Department of Energy & Climate Change, Statistics – Solar photovoltaics deployment (period from 2010 onward)The table above shows electricity production from solar panels as a percentage of the final consumption of electricity in the UK and not gross supply to the grid. These numbers may be updated as the UK government has an average time lag of around 6months in completing the backlog of officially processing the large number of solar installations.
History
In 2006, the United Kingdom had installed about 12MW of photovoltaic capacity, which represented only 0.3% of total European solar PV of 3,400MW. In August 2006, there was widespread news coverage in the United Kingdom of the major high street electrical retailers Currys' decision to stock PV modules, manufactured by Sharp, at a cost of £1,000 per module. The retailer also provided an installation service.
Solar power installations increased rapidly in subsequent years, as a result of reductions in the cost of PV panels, and the introduction of a feed-in-tariff (FiT) subsidy in April 2010.
FiT payments for new installations were cut a review announced by DECC on 9June 2011. As a result, large arrays of solar panels became a less attractive investment opportunity for developers, especially for projects greater than 250kW, so large field arrays such as these were less likely to be built beyond the 1 August 2011 cut-off date. At the end of 2011, there were 230,000 solar power projects in the UK, with a total installed generating capacity of 750MW.
In 2012, the government announced that 4million homes across the UK would be powered by the sun within eight years, representing 22 gigawatts (GW) of installed solar power capacity by 2020. At the end of September 2013, retailer Ikea announced that solar panel packages for houses would be sold at 17 UK stores by July 2014. The decision followed a successful pilot project at their Thurrock store, during which one system was sold almost every day. The panels were manufactured by the Chinese company Hanergy. This partnership did not last and in October 2015 Ikea ended its relationship with Hanergy.
By 2016 the total installed capacity was over 10,000MW. In the summer half-year from April to September 2016, UK solar panels produced more electricity (6,964GWh) than did coal power (6,342GWh); each meeting about 5% of demand.
UK solar PV installed capacity at the end of 2017 was 12.8GW, representing a 3.4% share of total electricity generation. Provisionally, as of the end of January 2019 there was 13,123MW installed UK solar capacity across 979,983 installations. This is an increase of 323MW in slightly more than a year. A new record peak generation from photovoltaics was set at 9.68GW on 20 April 2020.
New solar PV installations slowed in 2020, though to a lesser extent, with 217MW being added in 2020 compared with 273MW in 2019. COVID-19 restrictions may have caused delays in some projects.
Solar PV by size of installations
Residential solar PV
According to a report on behalf of the European Commission, in 2015 the United Kingdom had 2,499MW of residential solar PV capacity, with 775,000residential solar PV producers, representing 2.7% of households. The average size of residential solar PV systems was estimated to be 3.25kW, and the technical potential for residential solar PV in the United Kingdom was estimated at 41,636MW.
MCS (Microgeneration Certification Scheme) claim 61,320 UK properties had solar panels installed in 2021, an increase of 71% on the previous year. The average payback time for residential solar PV in the UK was 11.4 years as of 2015, but subsequent increases in the price of domestic energy have significantly decreased this. The April 2022 rise in the price cap saw payback times reduced on average by 2.5 years.
Some of the advantages of small scale residential solar include eliminating the need for extra land, keeping cost saving advantages in local communities and empowering households to become producer/consumers of renewable electricity, raising awareness of wasteful consumption habits and environmental issues through direct experience. It will take anything from 4 to 20years to recoup the money spent on solar panels, this depends on a number of factors for example how many modules you have, how big they are, if they are south facing and where you live. Some studies have found that feed in tariff schemes have disproportionately benefited wealthier households with little or no assistance to help poorer household access financial loans or affordable schemes, whilst the costs of schemes are distributed evenly across utility bills.
In his Spring Statement of March 2022, Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced a reduction of VAT on the installation of energy-saving materials (including solar PV systems) to 0% (previously 5%) for a period of five years from 1 April 2022, stating "the measure is intended to incentivise the take-up of ESMs in line with the government's net zero objectives".
Large scale solar power parks
The first solar park in Wales became operational in 2011 at Rhosygilwen, north Pembrokeshire.
On 13 July 2011, construction of the largest solar park in the United Kingdom was completed in Newark-on-Trent in Nottinghamshire.
The 4.9MW free-field system was built in just seven weeks after being granted planning permission.
The system generates an estimated 4,860MWh of electricity (an average power of 560kW) into the national grid each year.
There are several other examples of 45MW field arrays of photovoltaics in the UK, including the 5MW Language Solar Park, the 5MW Westmill Solar Farm, the 4.51MW Marsten Solar Farm and Toyota's 4.6MW plant in Burnaston, Derbyshire.
The first large solar farm in the United Kingdom, a 32MW solar farm, began construction in November 2012 in Leicestershire, between the runways of the former military airfield, Wymeswold.
As of June 2014 there were 18 schemes generating more than 5MW and 34 in planning or construction in Wales.
Planning considerations
Adding solar panels to the external elevations and roofs of a dwelling will change the appearance of both the property and the local street view. This in some cases will require planning permission from the local authority. For a Listed Building or in a Conservation Area, planning permission is mandatory. Otherwise, the owner of a domestic dwelling where solar panels are being installed can in most cases proceed under their Permitted Development rights, as long as certain height limitations are adhered to.
Government programmes
The Energy Saving Trust that administers government grants for domestic photovoltaic systems, the Low Carbon Building Programme, estimates that an installation for an average-sized house would cost between £5,000–£8,000, with most domestic systems usually between 1.5 and 3kWp, and yield annual savings between £150 and £200 (in 2008).
The Green Energy for Schools programme was intended to provide 100 schools across the UK with solar panels. The first school in Wales was at Tavernspite, in Pembrokeshire, and received panels worth £20,000.
The average UK home consumes about 3,000 kWh of electricity per year, equivalent to about 1ton of per home (dependent on electricity industry energy mix). That equates to 25 million tons of CO2 per year from UK domestic electricity consumption. , there is no compulsion for new builds to incorporate any solar power generation.
Feed-in tariff
Discussion on implementation of a feed-in tariff programme concluded on 26 September 2008, and the results were published in 2009. The UK government agreed in April 2010 to pay for all grid-connected generated electricity at an initial rate of up to 41.3pence (US$0.67) per kWh, whether used locally or exported. The rates proved more attractive than necessary, and in August 2011, were drastically reduced for installations over 50kW, a policy change criticized as marking "the end of the UK's solar industry as we know it". Subsequently, feed-in tariff rates were adjusted annually by the government, and a requirement was introduced for new claims that the home's rating on the Energy Performance Certificate (EPC) had to be 'D' or better. The amount of electricity exported is not usually measured for domestic installations; instead it is calculated by assuming that 50% of the electricity produced is exported into the grid.
The Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy published a consultation on 19 July 2018, stating their intention to close the FIT scheme to new applicants from 1 April 2019 and not replace it with a new subsidy.
The Feed-in Tariff was closed to new entries on 1 April 2019, but households are still able to claim on existing tariffs where available.
Smart Export Guarantee
On 10 June 2019, Ofgem announced that BEIS had introduced the Smart Export Guarantee (SEG), in force from 1 January 2020. This is not a direct replacement of the feed-in tariff scheme, but rather a new initiative that rewards solar generators for electricity exported to the grid. Energy suppliers with more than 150,000 domestic customers must provide at least one export tariff. The export tariff rate must be greater than zero. Export is measured by smart meters which the energy supplier will install free of charge.
The SEG is available to households that generate up to 5kW from solar PV, wind, micro-combined heat and power, hydro or anaerobic digestion.
Contract for Difference
The Contract for Difference (CfD) scheme, introduced in 2013 to replace the Renewables Obligation, excluded solar PV schemes from the competitive auctions in 2015. The majority of successful CfD auction bidders came from the wind sector. In 2020 the UK government reversed this decision, opening the door for PV projects to compete in the CfD auctions against onshore wind projects.
Future
Decentralised smaller scale generators which are not connected directly to the transmission network are forecast to increase. New solar farms and battery storage may help to meet increased demand from electric vehicles.
See also
Renewable energy in the United Kingdom
Renewable energy in Scotland
Energy use and conservation in the United Kingdom
Energy policy of the United Kingdom
Green electricity in the United Kingdom
Solar energy in the European Union
Renewable energy by country
UK-ISES
United Kingdom National Renewable Energy Action Plan
References
External links
UK's First Solar Plant Gets Go-ahead: A disused tin mine is set to host the UK's first solar panel park after winning approval from Cornwall Council.
Energy statistics from DECC
Feed-in Tariff Installation Report
In enzymology, a maltose α-D-glucosyltransferase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
maltose alpha,alpha-trehalose
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, maltose, and one product, alpha,alpha-trehalose.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular transferases transferring other groups. The systematic name of this enzyme class is maltose alpha-D-glucosylmutase. Other names in common use include trehalose synthase, and maltose glucosylmutase. This enzyme participates in starch and sucrose metabolism.
References
EC 5.4.99
Enzymes of unknown structure
Montague Stanley Napier (14 April 1870 – 22 January 1931) was an English automobile and aircraft engine manufacturer. His grandfather, David Napier (1785–1873), had moved to London from Scotland and by 1836 had established an engineering company in Lambeth called D. Napier & Son. Montague Napier bought the business from the executors of his father's estate in 1895, and diversified into producing machine tools for the cycle industry.
Following a meeting with businessman and racing driver Selwyn Edge in 1899 Napier diversified into automobile manufacturer, and for a time his company was the leading supplier of luxury cars in the British market. His focus switched from cars to aircraft engines after the outbreak of the First World War in 1914, and he developed the very successful Lion engine.
Napier's failing health forced his move to the south of France in 1915, but he continued to work as a design consultant for his company. He died at his home in Cannes on 22 January 1931, aged 60.
Early life
Motor historian Peter King describes Napier as "very secretive by nature"; not much is known about his early life. He was born on 14 April 1870 at 68 York Road, Lambeth, London, the youngest of the four sons of James Murdoch Napier and his wife, Fanny Jemima, née Mackenzie. His father had taken over his own father's interest in the engineering business he had set up there by 1836, making printing machinery for the newspaper industry. The business diversified unto making coin-weighing machines for the Royal Mint, but by the time of James Murdoch Napier's death in 1895 it was in decline. Napier had worked in the family business from an early age, but he was not doing so at the time of his father's death. He bought the business from the executors of his father's estate and diversified into producing machine tools for the cycle industry. As an avid racing cyclist he had been participating in races of the North Road Cycling Club alongside riders like Selwyn Edge. In the 1891 100 Mile Road Race on the Great North Road he finished fourth.
Business career
Napier met Selwyn Edge again in 1899, for whom he agreed to build a car based on Edge's Panhard et Levassor, which he had bought after it came second in the 1896 Paris–Marseilles race. So impressed was Edge with the result that he contracted to buy six more cars, and set up a showroom in London from which to sell them. The first cars were ready by 1900, and so successful were they that Napier decided to move his company to larger premises in Acton, London. While Napier concentrated on the engineering Edge focused on the marketing and publicity. In 1902 he drove a Napier to victory in that year's Gordon Bennett Cup, the first British victory in an international motor race. Napier cars dominated the British luxury car market until 1906, but Napier was unconvinced that there was a sustainable long-term market for such vehicles, unlike Rolls-Royce, his main competitor. Napier therefore set up a new company to develop more popular cars.
Following the outbreak of the First World War in 1914 Napier's interest turned increasingly to aircraft engines. Initially Napier's built engines designed by the Royal Aircraft Factory, but at his own expense Napier subsequently designed his own, the Lion. By 1924 about half of all British aircraft were powered by Napier's engine, and Napier automobile production had ceased.
Later life
Napier's health had broken down by 1915, probably as a result of cancer, and he moved to the south of France from where he continued working as a consultant to his company. He was unable to design a satisfactory successor to the Lion, and therefore Napier was overtaken in the aero-engine market by Bristol and Rolls-Royce. Napier died at his home in Cannes, Villa des Cistes, on 22 January 1931, aged 60. The income from his estate of more than £1 million was left to his nurse and reputed mistress, Norah Mary Fryer, for the duration of her life, after which the residue of the estate was to be given to cancer research. In 1903 he had married school governess Alice Caroline Mary, née Paterson, with whom he had two sons and two daughters; the couple were legally separated in 1922.
References
Citations
Bibliography
1870 births
1931 deaths
British automotive pioneers
People from Lambeth
English male cyclists
Ailyn Pérez (born August 15, 1979) is an American operatic soprano known for her interpretation of Violetta, Mimì and Thaïs. She is a 2019 Opera News Awards Honoree, and the winner of the 2012 Richard Tucker Award. In 2016, she received the $50,000 Beverly Sills Award and the 2017 Sphinx Medal of Excellence from the Sphinx Organization.
Career
Pérez, daughter of Mexican immigrants, was born in Chicago and grew up in Elk Grove Village, Illinois, where she graduated from Elk Grove High School. She attended the Indiana University School of Music and the Philadelphia Academy of Vocal Arts, graduating in 2006.
In Autumn 2006, she toured with Andrea Bocelli as the guest soprano.
In 2008, Pérez made her Salzburg Festival debut as Juliette in Roméo et Juliette alongside Rolando Villazón.
Pérez is known as an interpreter of Violetta in La traviata, which she has performed at Deutsche Staatsoper Berlin, Hamburg State Opera, Vienna Staatsoper and Royal Opera House. She has sung as Amelia alongside Plácido Domingo in Simon Boccanegra at the Deutsche Staatsoper and made her debut at La Scala in the same production. In 2010 she appeared as Mimì in La bohème at Cincinnati Opera and also sang the role at New York's Metropolitan Opera in 2016. Her repertory includes roles like the Countess in Le nozze di Figaro, Juliette in Roméo et Juliette, and Micaëla in Carmen.
Highlights in the 2018/19 season include Elvira in Ernani at Teatro alla Scala, Mimì in La bohème at the Metropolitan Opera, Alice in Falstaff at the Metropolitan Opera, Donna Anna in Don Giovanni at the Houston Grand Opera, and Violetta in La traviata at the Bayerische Staatsoper.
Awards
She placed second at Operalia in 2006, and at the Loren L. Zachary Competition in 2005. In 2006, she received the Wolf Trap Opera Award, and was given an encouragement award from Opera Index. In 2007 she was the winner of the Shoshana Foundation Career Grant. She was honored twice by the Licia Albanese Puccini Foundation, once as a second place winner in 2004, and again with the Distinguished Achievement Award In 2016. In 2012, she won the Placido Domingo Award, followed by the Martina Arroyo Foundation Award in 2017.
Discography
Poème d'un jour. Iain Burnside Rosenblatt Recital. CD, texts and translations, live. OpusArte 2013
Love Duets (2014) with Stephen Costello
''Great Scott by Jake Heggie and librettist Terrence McNally. (2018)
References
External links
Ailyn Pérez Operabase
American operatic sopranos
Living people
1979 births
Singers from Chicago
People from Elk Grove Village, Illinois
Indiana University alumni
American musicians of Mexican descent
Academy of Vocal Arts alumni
Hispanic and Latino American musicians
Richard Tucker Award winners
21st-century American women opera singers
Classical musicians from Illinois
Hispanic and Latino American women singers
Columna may refer to:
Columna (gastropod) a genus of snails
The Column (film), a 1968 Romanian historical film directed by Mircea Drăgan .
Columna Lactaria "Milk Column" was a landmark in ancient Rome in the Forum Holitorium
Stager or Stagers may refer to:
People
Anson Stager (1825–1885), co-founder of Western Union
Barbara Stager (born 1948), American murderer
Gus Stager (born 1920s), American swimming coach
Kenneth E. Stager (1915–2009), American ornithologist
Lawrence Stager (1943–2017), American archaeologist
Other uses
Stager, someone who works to improve the appeal of real estate for sale
Stager, Michigan, an unincorporated community in Iron County
The Stagers, a television show
Old Stagers, an English theatre company
France competed at the 2019 Military World Games held in Wuhan, China from 18 to 27 October 2019.
Medal summary
Medal by sports
Medalists
References
2019 Military World Games Results
Nations at the 2019 Military World Games
Military
Ataxia yucatana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1940. It is known from Mexico.
References
Ataxia (beetle)
Beetles described in 1940
"Insane" is a song by British band Texas and was the fifth and final single to be released from their fourth studio album White on Blonde. It was released as a double A-side with "Say What You Want (All Day, Every Day)" in 1998. The song was later included on their 2000 compilation album The Greatest Hits.
Track listings
UK CD1
"Insane" – 4:45
"Say What You Want (All Day, Every Day)" – 4:06
"Polo Mint City" (Full version) – 2:50
"Say What You Want (All Day, Every Day)" (Trailermen mix) – 8:38
UK CD2
"Say What You Want (All Day, Every Day)" (extended version) – 5:02
"Insane" (The Second Scroll) – 6:33
"Say What You Want (All Day, Every Day)" (RZA instrumental) – 5:13
"Insane" (The Second Scroll dub) – 6:35
UK cassette single
"Say What You Want (All Day, Every Day)" – 4:06
"Insane" – 4:45
Charts
All entries charted as a double A-side with "Say What You Want (All Day, Every Day)".
References
Texas (band) songs
1998 singles
Song recordings produced by Mike Hedges
Songs written by Johnny McElhone
Songs written by Sharleen Spiteri
This is a list of events that took place in Europe in 2018.
Events
January
January 9 – The Church of St. Lambertus in Immerath, Germany is demolished.
January 15 – Romanian Prime Minister Mihai Tudose resigns after his Social Democratic Party leaders lost their support.
January 28 – Presidential elections were held in Finland.
February
February 9 to 25 – Albania participated at the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang, South Korea.
February 12 – Niklasdorf train collision took place in Austria, resulting in 1 death and 22 injuries.
February 21 – Ján Kuciak was murdered in Slovakia.
March
March 8 – The 2018 Spanish women's strike occurred in Spain.
March 13 – Russian exile Nikolai Glushkov is found dead at his home in London, United Kingdom.
April
April 11 – Ilham Aliyev wins the 2018 presidential elections in Azerbaijan.
April 21 – Sweden hosted the 2018 World Mixed Doubles Curling Championship.
April 28 – Switzerland won the 2018 World Mixed Doubles Curling Championship.
May
May 4 – Beginning of the 2018 Giro d'Italia.
May 12 – 2018 Paris knife attack occurred in Paris, France.
May 26 – The Icelandic municipal elections took place.
May 27 – End of the 2018 Giro d'Italia.
May 28 – Kremlin warns that the United States put military pressure in the European Union security at risk.
June
June 1 – The Met Office confirms that May 2018 was the warmest May since 1910 in the UK and was also likely to be the sunniest since 1929.
June 10 – Human Chain for Basque Self-determination, 2018 took place in Spain.
June 27 – The British Medical Association (BMA) voted to oppose Brexit “as a whole”.
July
August
September
September 10 to 30 – The 2018 FIVB Volleyball Men's World Championship will be co-hosted in Bulgaria and Italy.
October
October 7 – The 2018 Bosnian general election is scheduled to take place.
November
December
Births
Deaths
References
2010s in Europe
Years of the 21st century in Europe
2018
"Itsy Bitsy Spider" (also known as "Incy Wincy Spider" in Australia and Great Britain, and several other similar-sounding names) is a popular nursery rhyme and fingerplay that describes the adventures of a spider as it ascends, descends, and reascends the downspout or "waterspout" of a gutter system (or, alternatively, the spout of a teapot or open-air reservoir). It is usually accompanied by a sequence of gestures that mimic the words of the song. Its Roud Folk Song Index number is 11586.
Throughout this article, the North American title and lyrics are used to ensure consistency.
Lyrics
A commonly used version uses these words and gestures:
Other versions exist.
Sources
The song can be found in publications including an alternative version in the book, Camp and Camino in Lower California (1910), where it was referred to as [the classic] "Spider Song." It appears to be a different version of this song using “blooming, bloody” instead of "itsy bitsy". It was later published in one of its several modern versions in Western Folklore, by the California Folklore Society (1948), Mike and Peggy Seeger's, American Folk Songs for Children (1948).
Lyrics as described in 1910, as being from the 'classic' "Spider Song":
Oh, the blooming, bloody spider went up the spider web,
The blooming, bloody rain came down and washed the spider out,
The blooming, bloody sun came out and dried up all the rain,
And the blooming, bloody spider came up the web again.
The song is sung by and for children in countless languages and cultures. It is similar to the melodies of the children's songs "Sweetly Sings the Donkey" in the United States, and "Auf der Mauer, auf der Lauer", "Ich bin ein kleiner Esel" (the German-language version of "Sweetly Sings the Donkey") and "Spannenlanger Hansel" in German-speaking countries.
Recordings
The popular nursery rhyme has been covered and sampled a number of times.
1980: Patsy Biscoe (as "Incy Wincy Spider") CD: 50 Favourite Nursery Rhymes Vol. 1, also available as 3-CD set 150 Favourite Nursery Rhymes
1986: Carly Simon on the Heartburn film and on the Coming Around Again album
1988: Carly Simon on the Greatest Hits Live album
1989: Nicole Kidman on the Dead Calm soundtrack (as "Incy Wincy")
1991: Little Richard on the Disney CD For Our Children, to benefit the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation
1994: Cedarmont Kids on Toddler Tunes
1995: Danish-Norwegian pop band Aqua, then known by their original band name Joyspeed, released a single only "Itsy Bitsy Spider"
1996: Jack Hartmann on Rhymin' to the Beat
2001: Funkeymonkeys on their self-titled album
2002: The Mars Volta sampled the rhyme on their song "Eunuch Provocateur" from their extended play Tremulant
2002: Raffi sang this song on his Let's Play album by adding an additional verse
2002: Joey DeLuxe during the credits of Eight Legged Freaks
2006: EliZe feat. Jay Colin released "Itsy Bitsy Spider" on the album In Control
2013: Maziar Bahari's company Off-Centre Productions created an animated version of the song featuring an animated mouse character named "Journo"
2021: Lyn Lapid (as "Itsy Bitsy") – single
Contemporary popular culture
Cinema
In the Jordan Peele film Us the young girl, Adelaide Wilson, starts whistling "Itsy Bitsy Spider" when she is down in the funhouse, in front of the hall of mirrors. Her doppelgänger, Red, starts whistling the same song, right before they see each other for the first time. All the doppelgängers have been underground waiting for their opportunity to go above ground, or "up the waterspout", and Red is the one that leads them "up the waterspout".
It is one of the main musical themes in the 2006 horror movie Séance.
It was referred in two Spider-Man movies: in 2002, by Willem Dafoe as Green Goblin in Spider-Man and in 2014 by Jamie Foxx as Electro in The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Television
Michelle Tanner (Full House; played by Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen) sang the song a few times in the TV series.
Bart Simpson sang the rhyme in the tenth episode of season four of The Simpsons, "Lisa's First Word".
It was featured in the children's program Dora the Explorer and in the South Park episode "Something You Can Do with Your Finger".
A child singing the rhyme twice can be heard in the opening of the Criminal Minds episode "Gatekeeper".
In the Netflix adaptation of Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events, during the middle of the episode "Slippery Slope, Part 1", during the scene where the Baudelaires escape the Snow Scouts, Lemony Snicket tells the viewers to refer the scene to the song, knowing they learned it in their childhoods.
In the episode "Quiet Please" (series 8 episode 5A) of Rugrats the Rugrats are read Itsy Bitsy Centipede.
A child singing the rhyme twice can be heard in the intensive care scene in Season Three, Episode One, of Wallander, being played for Police Detective Ann-Britt Hoglund after she was attacked with a sledge hammer.
In one episode of The Nanny ("The Show Must Go On", season 1, episode 12), the youngest child of the Sheffield family, shy "Gracie" (Madeline Zima), musters all her courage and sings the "Spider"-song on stage during a school performance, making those gestures that accompany the song. She gets very much applauded and cuddled by Fran (Fran Drescher) who knows what an achievement that performance was for a shy girl like Gracie.
In the beginning of It, just before her death, Laurie Ann Winterbarger sings "Itsy Bitsy Spider " while riding on a bike which foreshadowes the titular antagonist's spider form.
In Elmo's World, a Sesame Street spin-off, the Lecture Lady (Andrea Martin) sang it in the "Singing" episode.
See also
List of nursery rhymes
References
Citations
General and cited sources
American children's songs
American nursery rhymes
Articles containing video clips
Carly Simon songs
Early childhood education
English children's songs
English folk songs
Finger plays
Songs about spiders
Traditional children's songs
Bhanu Pratap Singh was Member of Parliament in the eighth Lok Sabha from Pilibhit Constituency elected in 1984 on Congress (I)'s ticket. Bhanu Pratap Singh is son of Daulat Rai Yadubansi, who was agriculturist by profession in Agras Village, which comes under limits of Bareilly district, Uttar Pradesh.
Bhanu Pratap Singh studied up to High School level in Bareilly and thereafter, he did his medical degree from Ayurved College, Pilibhit. He married Gayatri Devi in the month of May, 1956 and had two sons and one daughter from her. He is an agriculturist by profession and a Member of district Congress Committee, Bareilly since 1964. He was elected as General Secretary, district Congress Committee for 1967–72. He has also served as Deputy Minister for Agriculture, Dairy and Animal Husbandry, Government of Uttar Pradesh in 1972 and Minister of State for Agriculture, Animal Husbandry and Sugarcane in 1980 and Cabinet Minister for Sugarcane, Excise and Revenue and Agriculture, Dairy, Gardening and Excise Department in 1980. He was the Member of Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly for 1969-74 and 1980–84.
He is famous for giving training in weapons to the public during the Sino-Indian War and for having organised seminars on Family Planning, Rural Development and Health at various places. He is dedicated to the upliftment of old widows and poor children, patron of many schools; he is considered to be the leader of farmers for the more than 20 years and took initiative in agricultural development and seed-testing in the area.
He likes to read literature on Indian culture, training in seed production and animal husbandry, he is working on cow breeding and milk production, also reading and collecting literature on cow breeding. He is a follower of hockey and football, he also has served as captain and umpire during his college days. He is also a marksman of 122 Rifle—Pistol (award winner) and President of the Farm Club Bareilly for more than 10 years and member of the clubs affiliated thereto, General Secretary, Bareilly Rifle Club.
He was elected as eighth Member of Parliament from Pilibhit Constituency with 63.84% votes on Congress (I)'s ticket and defeated his rival contender who was from Bharatiya Lok Dal and received 23.39% votes in the general election held in 1984.
References
1932 births
People from Pilibhit
Activists from Uttar Pradesh
Living people
People from Bareilly district
Lok Sabha members from Uttar Pradesh
India MPs 1984–1989
Panada or panado is a sort of bread soup found in some Western European and Southern European cuisines and consisting of stale bread boiled to a pulp in water or other liquids.
In British cuisine, it may be flavoured with sugar, Zante currants, nutmeg, and so on. A version of panada was a favorite dish of the author Percy Bysshe Shelley who was a vegetarian. It was considered a light dish suitable for invalids or women who had just given birth.
In French cuisine, it is often enriched with butter, milk, cream, or egg yolk.
In northeastern Italy, it serves as an inexpensive meal in the poor areas of the countryside. It may be enriched with eggs, beef broth, and grated cheese. It was frequently prepared as a meal for elderly or ill people.
In Spanish cuisine, it is made by boiling bread in water or milk and adding flavoring.
See also
Panade (disambiguation)
List of bread dishes
List of Italian soups
List of soups
Acquacotta (or pancotta)
Ribollita
Pappa al pomodoro
Empanada
Notes
Italian soups
Bread dishes
Bread soups
The Eurekan orogeny was a Phanerozoic mountain building event that affected the eastern portion of the Arctic Archipelago and, to a lesser extent, northern Greenland. Deformation initiated in the Late Cretaceous, during which time the Sverdrup Basin began to fragment and fold in response to the counterclockwise rotation of Greenland, caused by seafloor spreading in the Canadian Arctic Rift System. Isostatic uplift was most pronounced in the Grantland Mountains and Victoria and Albert Mountains on Ellesmere Island and in the Princess Margaret Range on Axel Heiberg Island, as evidenced by the current physiography. Compression in a broad zone on Ellesmere Island resulted in the formation of the Eurekan Fold Belt.
The Eurekan orogeny terminated when seafloor spreading in the Labrador Sea ceased about 33 million years ago during the Oligocene epoch. Erosion of the orogenic mountains followed, resulting in the deposition of undeformed sediment above the eroded remnants of deformed rock. At least some of the coarse clastic sediments in the Beaufort Formation were derived from the Grantland Mountains and Princess Margaret Range, suggesting that these ranges had higher elevations during the Late Miocene or Early Pliocene times.
References
Orogenies of North America
Cretaceous orogenies
Paleogene orogenies
Geology of Nunavut
Geology of Greenland
Queen Elizabeth Islands
Islamabad College for Boys (ICB) is the oldest boys college in Islamabad, Pakistan. It was established in 1966 during the early years of the city. It is situated in Sector G-6/3 near Melody and Siraj Covered Markets.
ICB conducts classes from class Prep to the Post-Graduate level. For secondary and higher secondary classes, it is affiliated with the Federal Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Islamabad. The external exam for degree classes is conducted by the Quaid-i-Azam University, Islamabad.
ICB has over 7,000 students, about 3,500 in the morning and about 3,500 in the evening shift. It has two computer labs, as well as science labs for physics, chemistry, zoology, and botany. There are three libraries. It has three canteens.
Dr. Ali Ahmed Kharral serves as the current principal, having been appointed in November 2018.
References
External links
Official website
Official website of ICBAF
Schools in Islamabad
Educational institutions established in 1968
Boys' schools in Pakistan
1966 establishments in Pakistan
This is a list of fantasy films released in the 2010s. Films listed include live action and animated.
List
References
2010s
Lists of 2010s films by genre
Mehran Mumtaz (born 4 July 2003) is a Pakistani cricketer.
He made his first-class debut on 17 November 2021, for Northern in the 2021–22 Quaid-e-Azam Trophy. In December 2021, he was named in Pakistan's team for the 2022 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup in the West Indies.
Personal life
While the family is now based in Rawalpindi their roots lie in Kohta, Azad Kashmir.
References
External links
2003 births
Living people
Azad Kashmiri people
Pakistani cricketers
Cricketers from Rawalpindi
Tyler Morgan (born 11 September 1995) is a Welsh rugby union player for Biarritz Olympique in the Pro D2. Morgan's primary position is Outside Centre.
On 26 December 2014, Morgan signed a National Dual Contract with the WRU and the Dragons.
On 16 May 2022, Morgan was released by Scarlets due to his consistent injury woes.
International
On 20 January 2015, Morgan was named in the 34-man senior Wales squad for the 2015 Six Nations Championship
Morgan made his full international debut in the starting line up for Wales versus Ireland on 8 August 2015.
On 2 October 2015, Morgan got his second cap for wales in the Pool A victory against Fiji, starting in the no13 jersey.
International tries
References
External links
Dragons profile
People educated at Caerleon Comprehensive School
Rugby union players from Newport, Wales
Welsh rugby union players
Wales international rugby union players
Dragons RFC players
Living people
1995 births
Newport RFC players
People from Caerleon
Scarlets players
Rugby union centres
Keith M. Ingram (born April 12, 1955) is an American politician from the state of Arkansas. A member of the Democratic Party, Ingram represents the 24th district in the Arkansas Senate, of which he is the Minority Leader. Ingram's district includes Crittenden County and parts of Cross, Lee, Phillips and St. Francis counties in eastern Arkansas.
He previously represented the 53rd district in the Arkansas House of Representatives for from January 2009 – January 2013 and served as mayor of West Memphis, Arkansas.
Career
While he was Senator-elect, Ingram was selected as the Democrats' Minority Leader to succeed the party's former Majority Leader Robert F. Thompson of Paragould in Greene County in northeastern Arkansas. He considered running for Governor of Arkansas, in the 2014 election, when the incumbent Democrat Mike Beebe was term-limited but did not file for the higher office.
Ingram is a member of National Conference of State Legislatures, the Council of State Governments and the Southern Legislative Conference. With NCSL, he serves on the Law & Criminal Justice Standing Committee and sits on the Annual Meeting Committee for CSG. In addition to serving as 2014 chairman of the Southern Legislative Conference, he sits on the Energy & Environment Committee.
Business career
Ingram currently serves as vice president of Razorback Concrete Company, a family-owned business in West Memphis.
Family
Ingram's father, William K. Ingram, was an Arkansas state senator from 1963 until 1981, while his brother, Kent Ingram, served for nine years in the state Senate.
References
External links
Official Website
Razorback Concrete Company
Arkansas Legislature - Member Profile
1955 births
21st-century American politicians
Arkansas Democrats
Arkansas state senators
Living people
Mayors of places in Arkansas
Members of the Arkansas House of Representatives
People from Crittenden County, Arkansas
People from West Memphis, Arkansas
Place of birth missing (living people)
Aliquippa station is a former railway station located in Aliquippa, Pennsylvania, United States. The station was constructed and used by the now defunct Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad. Constructed in 1911, the station has also gone by the name of Woodlawn station because of the former town of Woodlawn that was merged with Aliquippa in the late 1870s. After the station closed to passengers, it was used for several years by the Jones and Laughlin Steel Company as an office building. Today, the structure sits vacant just outside the city of Aliquippa. The station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 as the Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Passenger Station, Aliquippa.
References
External links
Aliquippa's Beginnings
Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Former Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad stations
Railway stations in Beaver County, Pennsylvania
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1911
National Register of Historic Places in Beaver County, Pennsylvania
Aliquippa, Pennsylvania
1911 establishments in Pennsylvania
Company towns in Pennsylvania
The Multilateral Force (MLF) was an American proposal to produce a fleet of ballistic missile submarines and warships, each crewed by international NATO personnel, and armed with multiple nuclear-armed Polaris ballistic missiles. Its mission would be a nuclear defence of Western Europe against Soviet threats in the Cold War while allowing NATO members besides the U.S. to play a role in nuclear warfare. The proposal was floated by the Eisenhower, Kennedy, and Johnson administrations. It was opposed by Britain and faded out in the mid 1960s. It was never adopted.
History
The proposal was inspired by complaints of NATO countries that the nuclear defense of Europe was beholden to the Americans, who held the bulk of nuclear capability. The proposed fleet of warships would be crewed and operated by NATO command, instead of an assortment of independent forces ultimately under their own national banners. In this way, other NATO powers were theoretically ensured an active role in European defense.
The idea of using surface ships as part of the force received criticism in Europe, who felt that surface ships would be vulnerable to attack, while a wholly submarine force would be more difficult to eliminate. President Kennedy argued that using only submarines would defeat the purpose of minimizing American control of the force, as the United States was the primary power capable of building the requisite number of submarines and training their crews. Including surface vessels would allow for greater European involvement in both construction and training, argued Kennedy, who also dismissed the notion that an entire pan-Europe nuclear-armed fleet could be eliminated before any of them could commit retaliatory strikes.
The proposal eventually fell flat when American and European differences over basing strategies and financing could not be reconciled. The Italian cruiser Giuseppe Garibaldi was actually refitted with four launchers for Polaris missiles. Despite the successful launching tests, the U.S. never went ahead with the MLF. Instead the Italian government set out to develop an indigenous nuclear weapons program, with a successful missile called Alfa, officially halted by Italian Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ratification.
The prospect of having West Germany in the Multilateral Force was mocked by Tom Lehrer in the satirical song "MLF Lullaby".
MLF experiment on USS Claude V. Ricketts
From June 1964 to the end of 1965 was part of a mixed-manning experiment for the proposed MLF. Its crew consisted of 10 officers and 164 crew from the US Navy with the remainder (normally 24 officers and 330 enlisted) filled by sailors from West Germany, Italy, Greece, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, and Turkey. Though the MLF never was created, Secretary of the Navy Paul Nitze stated that the project on Claude V. Ricketts was successful.
See also
European Defence Community - an unsuccessful proposal of the early 1950s to create a multinational European army
Nuclear sharing - a similar policy currently in practice.
References
Further reading
Buchan, Alastair. "The Multilateral Force: a study in alliance politics." International Affairs 40.4 (1964): 619-637. online
Hammond, Paul Y. LBJ and the Presidential Management of Foreign Relations (1993) excerpt; pp 108–143.
Kissinger, Henry A. The Troubled Partnership: A Reappraisal of the Atlantic Alliance (1965) pp 127–160.
Kohl, Wilfrid L. "Nuclear sharing in NATO and the multilateral force." Political science quarterly 80.1 (1965): 88-109. online
Priest, Andrew. "'In Common Cause': The NATO Multilateral Force and the Mixed-Manning Demonstration on the USS Claude V. Ricketts, 1964-1965." Journal of Military History 69.3 (2005): 759-788.
External links
Tom Lehrer performing MLF Lullaby in the 1960s
Solomon, James. The Multilateral Force: America's Nuclear Solution for NATO (1960-1965). (Abstract)
Kennedy, John F. News Conference 51.
JFK Library Releases 1963 White House Recordings
Article and primary sources on the Multilateral Force at the Nuclear Proliferation International History Project
Cold War
NATO relations
The 1965 NCAA College Division Swimming and Diving Championships were contested in March 1965 at Grove City College in Grove City, Pennsylvania at the first annual NCAA-sanctioned swim meet to determine the team and individual national champions of College Division men's collegiate swimming and diving in the United States.
This was the first championship hosted only for swimming programs in the College Division (future Divisions II and III).
Bucknell topped the team standings, grabbing the inaugural national title for the Bison.
Team standings
Note: Top 10 only
(H) = Hosts
Full results
See also
List of college swimming and diving teams
References
NCAA College Division Swimming And Diving Championships
NCAA College Division Swimming And Diving Championships
NCAA College Division Swimming And Diving Championships
Sir Redmond Everard, 4th Baronet (1689 – 13 April 1742) was an Irish baronet and politician. He was the youngest son of Sir John Everard, 3rd Baronet, whose family effectively owned the town of Fethard in County Tipperary. Redmond himself was elected sovereign of Fethard in 1707 under its charter. His mother was the Hon. Eleanor Butler, the eldest daughter of Thomas Cahir, 6th Baron Cahir and Elizabeth Matthew. His father was killed at the Battle of Aughrim in 1691 and his estates forfeited as a traitor. After his mother's death shortly afterwards he was brought up by his Protestant relatives, Lady Mary Butler and her husband, William Cavendish, 1st Duke of Devonshire, and conformed to the Protestant faith, although his family had been Roman Catholic for generations. Thanks to the Devonshire influence he was able to recover the lands forfeited on his father's death in 1691. In 1721 he married Mary Drake, only daughter of Montague Drake of Shardeloes, Buckinghamshire, and Jane Garrard, daughter of Sir John Garrard, 3rd Baronet. They had no children.
He sat in the Irish House of Commons as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Kilkenny City from 1711 to 1713, and for Fethard, County Tipperary from 1713 to 1715. Although he took the Oath of Supremacy to qualify for his seat in Parliament, his loyalty to the House of Hanover was suspect, and with good reason: nicknamed "the little knight", he became a familiar figure in Jacobite cabals. After the failure of the Jacobite rising of 1715, he felt it wise to retire to France, where he settled near Paris; he never returned to Ireland. His status as an absentee landlord caused him considerable financial difficulties, and he eventually sold much of his estate to a Mr. Barton, of the famous Bordeaux wine merchant family.
In June 1723, the claimant King James III & VIII ennobled Everard as Viscount Everard in the Jacobite Peerage.
He died in France on 13 April 1742, without heirs: he left his property to his widow Mary for her lifetime, and after her death to James Long, a distant cousin, who belonged to another branch of the Everard family. His titles became extinct on his death.
References
1689 births
1742 deaths
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Tipperary constituencies
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Kilkenny constituencies
Irish MPs 1703–1713
Irish MPs 1713–1714
Baronets in the Baronetage of Ireland
Viscounts in the Jacobite peerage
Politicians from County Tipperary
The Grafton Post Office in Grafton, North Dakota, United States, is a Colonial Revival building completed in 1932. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as U.S. Post Office-Grafton in 1989.
References
Colonial Revival architecture in North Dakota
Government buildings completed in 1932
Post office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in North Dakota
National Register of Historic Places in Walsh County, North Dakota
1932 establishments in North Dakota
Post Office
Aleksandar Simeonov may refer to:
Aleksandar Simeonov (bobsleigh) (born 1963), Bulgarian bobsledder
Aleksandar Simeonov (volleyball) (born 1986), Bulgarian volleyball player
Koolasuchus is an extinct genus of brachyopoid temnospondyl in the family Chigutisauridae. Fossils have been found from Victoria, Australia and date back 120 Ma to the Aptian stage of the Early Cretaceous. Koolasuchus is the youngest known temnospondyl. Koolasuchus is known from several fragments of the skull and other bones such as vertebrae, ribs, and pectoral elements. The type species Koolasuchus cleelandi was named in 1997. Koolasuchus cleelandi was adopted as the fossil emblem for the state of Victoria, Australia on 13 January 2022.
History
The first fossil of temnospondyls found in the Strzelecki Group was NMV-PI56988, the posterior fragment of a jaw, collected around 1980. The jaw fragment was first mentioned in a 1986 publication by Anne Warren and R. Jupp, who did not definitively identify it as that of a temnospondyl due to the Cretaceous age of the specimen, much younger than any other known temnospondyl specimen at the time. In 1991, additional remains were reported including NMV-PI86040, an intercentrum (part of the vertebra) and NMV-PI86101, an isolated skull roof bone, likely representing either a frontal, a supratemporal or a parietal. The intercentrum unquestionably confirmed that temnospondyls were present in the Strzelecki Group. The morphology of the skull roof bone lead to the authors suggesting that the temnospondyl was either a member of Plagiosauridae or Brachyopoidea.
Koolasuchus was named in 1997 from the Aptian aged Wonthaggi Formation of Strzelecki Group in Victoria. It is known from four fragments of the lower jaw and several postcranial bones, including ribs, vertebrae, a fibula, and parts of the pectoral girdle. A jawbone was found in 1978 in a fossil site known as the Punch Bowl near the town of San Remo. Later specimens were found in 1989 on the nearby Rowell's Beach. A partial skull is also known but has not been fully prepared. Koolasuchus was named for the palaeontologist Lesley Kool. The name is also a pun on the word "cool" in reference to the cold climate of its environment. The type species K. cleelandi is named after geologist Mike Cleeland.
Description
Koolasuchus was an aquatic temnospondyl with large size, although represented by incomplete material, the skull was likely long. It was a large amphibian, measuring up to in length in body mass. Like other chigutisaurids, it had a wide, rounded head and tabular horns projecting from the backside of the skull.
Koolasuchus is distinguished from other temnospondyls aside from Siderops and Hadrokkosaurus by having the ramus of the mandible "articular is excluded from the dorsal surface of the postglenoid area by a suture between the surangular and the prearticular", and is distinguished from those two taxa by a lack of coronoid teeth.
Paleobiology
Koolasuchus inhabited rift valleys in southern Australia during the Early Cretaceous. During this time the area was below the Antarctic Circle, and temperatures were relatively cool for the Mesozoic. Based on the coarse-grained rocks in which remains were found, Koolasuchus likely lived in fast-moving streams. As a large aquatic predator, it was similar in lifestyle to crocodilians. Although eusuchians and kin were common during the Early Cretaceous, they were absent from southern Australia 120 million years ago, possibly because of the cold climate. By 110 Mya, represented by rocks in the Dinosaur Cove fossil locality, temperatures had warmed and crocodilians had returned to the area. These crocodilians likely displaced Koolasuchus, leading to its disappearance in younger rocks.
References
Prehistoric tetrapod genera
Prehistoric vertebrates of Oceania
Prehistoric amphibians of Australia
Cretaceous temnospondyls
Aptian life
Fossil taxa described in 1997
Ann J. Chambers Land (March 12, 1932 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania – March 9, 2010 in Sea Isle City, New Jersey) was a member of the Philadelphia City Council and a member of the Democratic Party.
Early life
Land was a native of North Philadelphia, where she attended John W. Hallahan Catholic Girls High School. After graduating from high school in 1950, she was an office worker, and later became a librarian at the Pennsylvania Senate.
Political involvement
She was an active campaigner for John F. Kennedy, and later became a member of the Philadelphia's Democratic Committee. In the late 1970s, she was elected leader of the 38th Ward.
City council
In 1980, she won a special election to the Philadelphia City Council, after incumbent George Schwartz resigned in the wake of the Abscam scandal. She was re-elected 1983, and in 1987, she won a second full-term by defeating challenger Michael Nutter.
Defeat and later life
In 1991, Nutter again challenged Land, and this time was successful. Nutter would go on to wage a successful campaign for Mayor in 2007.
After her defeat, Land was a community-relations specialist with Philadelphia Gas Works.
Personal life
Land married her husband, John, in 1954. He was a beverage distributor with a business in West Philadelphia. The couple had five children.
She died of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in March 2010 at her home in Sea Isle City, New Jersey.
References
1932 births
2010 deaths
People from Sea Isle City, New Jersey
Philadelphia City Council members
Pennsylvania Democrats
Women city councillors in Pennsylvania
21st-century American women
Najlepši hitovi! Uživo! (The Prettiest hits! Live!) is the first live and only live album by the Serbian alternative rock band Disciplina Kičme, released by the Serbian record label PGP RTB in 1987.
Track listing
All music and lyrics by Zeleni Zub, except track 7, written by Yu Grupa, and track 9, written by Neal Hefti.
Personnel
The band
Koja (Dušan Kojić) — bass, vocals
Kele (Nenad Krasavac) — drums, vocals, mixed by
Dedža — trumpet
Zerkman (Zoran Erkman) — trumpet
Additional personnel
Branko Potkonjak — engineer, mixed by
Zeleni Zub (Dušan Kojić) — written by (tracks 1 to 6), artwork by [cover]
References
EX YU ROCK enciklopedija 1960-2006, Janjatović Petar;
Najlepši hitovi! Uživo! at Discogs
1987 live albums
Serbian-language live albums
Live alternative rock albums
Disciplina Kičme albums
PGP-RTB live albums
Ceres is a non-profit sustainability advocacy organization based in Boston, Massachusetts and founded in 1989.
In 2007, Ceres was named one of the 100 most influential players in corporate governance by Directorship magazine. Ceres was a recipient of the Skoll Foundation Award for Social Entrepreneurship in 2006, as well as a recipient of the Fast Company Social Capitalist Awards in 2008. As of May 2017, its president is Mindy Lubber.
History
Ceres was founded in 1989 when Joan Bavaria, then-president of Trillium Asset Management, formed an alliance with leading environmentalists with the goal of changing corporate environmental practices. She named the organization the "Coalition for Environmentally Responsible EconomieS", or CERES. Ceres was the ancient Roman goddess of fertility and agriculture.
That same year, following the Exxon Valdez oil spill, CERES announced the creation of the Valdez Principles (later renamed the CERES Principles), a ten-point code of corporate environmental conduct to be publicly endorsed by Ceres companies.
In 1993, following lengthy negotiations, Sunoco became the first Fortune 500 company to endorse the Ceres Principles. Since then, over 50 companies have endorsed the Ceres Principles, including 13 Fortune 500 companies that have adopted their own equivalent environmental principles.
In 2003, the organization rebranded itself as "Ceres"
On January 27, 2016 Ceres and the United Nations Foundation convened the seventh Investor Summit on Climate Risk at the United Nations in New York, attended by more than 110 institutional investors who collectively represented more than $22 trillion in assets, with a goal of doubling global investment in clean energy by 2020.
Ceres principles
First published in the fall of 1989, the Ceres Principles are a ten-point code of corporate environmental ideals to be publicly endorsed by companies as an environmental mission statement or ethic. The 10 Ceres Principles are:
Protection of the biosphere
Sustainable use of natural resources
Reduction and disposal of wastes
Energy conservation
Risk reduction
Safe products and services
Environmental restoration
Informing the public
Management commitment
Audits and reports
Key accomplishments
Launched the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), now the de facto international standard used by over 1,200 companies for corporate reporting on environmental, social and economic performance.
Founded and directs the Investor Network on Climate Risk (INCR), a group of 100 leading institutional investors with collective assets of more than US$10 trillion. Its members include Deutsche Asset Management, State Street Global Advisors, and TIAA-CREF, as well as the pension funds of California, Florida, and New York.
Coordinates the bi-annual United Nations Investor Summit on Climate Risk, which brings together hundreds of investor, financial and corporate leaders to address financial risks and opportunities posed by climate change. In 2008, nearly 50 leading U.S. and European institutional investors managing over US$1.75 trillion in assets released a 9-point climate change action plan that will increase investments in energy efficiency and clean energy technologies and require tougher scrutiny of carbon-intensive investments that may pose long-term financial risks.
See also
Investor Network on Climate Risk (INCR)
Corporate Social Responsibility
Sustainability
Sustainable business
Global Reporting Initiative
Climate Risk
Sustainability Reporting
Business For Innovative Climate and Energy Policy (BICEP)
Organic certification
References
Further reading
Environmental organizations based in Massachusetts
Non-profit organizations based in Boston
International environmental organizations
Sari Kärnä (born 2 April 1988) is a Finnish retired ice hockey player. She won a silver medal at the 2011 Winter Universiade and bronze medals at the IIHF World Women's Championships in 2015 and 2017 as a member of the Finnish national team. Her club career was played in the Naisten SM-sarja (renamed Naisten Liiga in 2017) with the Tampereen Ilves Naiset, Oulun Kärpät Naiset, and JYP Jyväskylä Naiset.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Finnish women's ice hockey forwards
People from Oulainen
JYP Jyväskylä Naiset players
Ilves Naiset players
Universiade medalists in ice hockey
Universiade silver medalists for Finland
Competitors at the 2011 Winter Universiade
Sportspeople from North Ostrobothnia
The name Sally has been used for one tropical cyclone in the Atlantic Ocean, nine in the Western Pacific Ocean, and at least three in the Southern Hemisphere.
In the Atlantic Ocean:
Hurricane Sally (2020) – made landfall in Alabama as a Category 2 hurricane. A slow-moving storm that dropped heavy rain on multiple Gulf coast states; earliest eighteenth named storm on record.
In the Western Pacific Ocean:
Typhoon Sally (1954) (T5421), Category 5 super typhoon that was miles from making landfall in the Philippines before curving back into open waters.
Tropical Storm Sally (1959) (T5902, 03W)
Typhoon Sally (1961) (T6122, 54W)
Typhoon Sally (1964) (T6418, 27W, Aring), made landfall in the Philippines as a Category 5 typhoon.
Typhoon Sally (1967) (T6702, 02W, Bebeng)
Tropical Storm Sally (1970) (T7005, 05W)
Typhoon Sally (1972) (T7229, 31W)
Typhoon Sally (1976) (T7608, 08W, Isang)
Typhoon Sally (1996) (T9623, 23W, Maring), a Category 5 typhoon that made landfall in a similar location in the Philippines as Typhoon Sally of 1964, at a similar intensity, before going on to make landfall in China.
In the Southern Hemisphere:
Cyclone Sally (1971), a severe cyclone that made landfall in Australia.
Cyclone Sally (1986), impacted the Cook Islands.
Cyclone Sally (2005), churned in the open ocean.
Atlantic hurricane set index articles
Pacific typhoon set index articles
Australian region cyclone set index articles
South Pacific cyclone set index articles
is a railway station in the town of Matsushima, Miyagi, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Shinainuma Station is served by the Tōhoku Main Line, and is located 381.6 km from the official starting point of the line at Tokyo Station.
Station layout
The station has one side platform and one island platform connected to the station building by a footbridge. The middle line (Platform 2) is not in use.
Platforms
History
The station opened on December 26, 1932. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on April 1, 1987.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2018, the station was used by an average of 296 passengers daily (boarding passengers only). The passenger figures for previous years are as shown below.
Surrounding area
Shinanuma Post Office
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Miyagi Prefecture
Tōhoku Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1932
Matsushima, Miyagi
Stations of East Japan Railway Company
Bassirou Badji is a former Senegalese basketball player. Badji competed for Senegal at the 1980 Summer Olympics, where he scored 0 points in 6 games.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Senegalese men's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Senegal
Basketball players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Tammuzh was a Tamil Pandyan king in the Dravidian cultural realm of ancient South India, who held his capital at Kuadam. The language and cultural term Tamil is an anglicised form of the native name Tamizhi தமிழ் (pronounced ).See also Legendary early Chola kings which shows similarity between early Chola kings and Ur kings list. The Pandyans had trading contacts with Ptolemaic Egypt and, through Egypt, with Rome by the 1st century CE. The 1st century Greek historian Nicolaus of Damascus met at Damascus the embassy sent by an Indian king "named Pandion or, according to others, Porus" to Caesar Augustus around 13 CE. The names of king and his kingdom have likely been conflated in Nicolaus' account.
References
Pandyan kings
1st-century Indian monarchs
Rabbitville is an unincorporated community in Marion Township, Lawrence County, Indiana.
Rabbitville contained a post office from 1895 until 1897.
Geography
Rabbitville is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Ronald James Barassi (24 October 1913 – 31 July 1941) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL). His grandfather came from Italy and Ron was the father of Hall of Famer Ron Barassi Jr. who was signed to Melbourne under the Father-Son Rule.
Originally from Castlemaine, Barassi was a rover and made his debut for Melbourne in 1936. His final league match was Melbourne's victorious 1940 Grand Final which he started as the 19th man.
Like many other footballers from the Melbourne Football Club he joined the army soon after. Serving as part of Australia's campaign in North Africa, he was killed in action at Tobruk in 1941, the first VFL footballer to lose his life in the conflict.
See also
List of Victorian Football League players who died on active service
The Rats of Tobruk
Footnotes
References
Main, J. & Allen, D., "Barassi (snr), Ron", pp. 214–220 in Main, J. & Allen, D., Fallen — The Ultimate Heroes: Footballers Who Never Returned From War, Crown Content, (Melbourne), 2002.
External links
Australian War Memorial Roll of Honour: Ronald James Barassi (VX45220)
DemonWiki profile
Brief profile
Team photograph Castlemaine v. Maryborough 1932. Barassi second from right, front row
1913 births
1941 deaths
People from Castlemaine, Victoria
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Australian people of Italian descent
Melbourne Football Club players
Castlemaine Football Club players
Australian Army personnel of World War II
Australian military personnel killed in World War II
Melbourne Football Club Premiership players
One-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
In Māori mythology, Rongomai refers to several entities:
a deity by whose assistance Haungaroa traveled from Hawaiki to New Zealand as she went to tell Ngātoro-i-rangi that he had been cursed by Manaia.
a being in whale form which attacked and almost wiped out the war-party of Maru.
a god of comet.
the war god of the tribes in the Lake Taupo region.
a celebrated demi-god ancestor of some iwi. He went with Ihinga and others of his friends to visit the dread Miru in her abode in the underworld. There they were taught incantations, witchcraft, religious songs, dances, and certain games. One of Rongomai's men was caught, and was claimed by Miru in sacrifice, as payment for having imparted the sacred knowledge, but Rongomai and the others got safely back to the world again.
the chief of the Mahuhu canoe in its voyage from Hawaiki to New Zealand. He was drowned when the canoe overturned, and his body was eaten by the araara fish, since held sacred by the Ngā Puhi and Rarawa iwi, who claim descent from Rongomai. Until they embraced Christianity, those iwi would not eat the araara (or trevally, Caranx georianus) .
a meteor or comet, seen in the full light of day when in comparatively recent times, the Ngāti Hau tribe were besieging the fortress named Rangiuru at Ōtaki, occupied by the Ngāti Awa.Ronngomai can mean princess or sunshine said in many Māori dictionaries and the big book of names.
Notes
References
E. Shortland, Traditions & Superstitions of the New Zealanders (Longman, Brown: London), 1856, 25.
E. R. Tregear, Maori-Polynesian Comparative Dictionary (Lyon and Blair: Lambton Quay, 1891), 425
J. White, The Ancient History of the Maori, Vol I (Government Printer: Wellington, 1887), 108-109
Māori gods
Moriori mythology
War gods
Everybody's Doin' the Hustle & Dead on the Double Bump is the 41st studio album by American musician James Brown. The album was released in September 1975, by Polydor Records.
Track listing
All tracks composed by James Brown; except where indicated
Personnel
Bob Both - production supervision, recording and mixing engineer
David Stone, Major Little - assistant engineer
Douglas Gervasi - cover photography
References
1975 albums
James Brown albums
Albums produced by James Brown
Polydor Records albums
The Luceafărul gas field is a natural gas field located on the continental shelf of the Black Sea. It was discovered in 2013 and developed by Sterling Resources. It will begin production in 2018 and will produce natural gas and condensates. The total proven reserves of the Luceafărul gas field are around 104 billion cubic feet (3 km³), and production is slated to be around 50 million cubic feet/day (1.4×106m³) in 2018.
References
Black Sea energy
Natural gas fields in Romania
The Carrizo flower moth (Schinia carrizoensis) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is known from central California.
The wingspan is about 31 mm.
External links
Images
carrizoensis
Moths of North America
Moths described in 2010
For the Summer Olympics, there are 32 venues that have been or will be used for sailing. Most competitions took place for the early part of the Olympics at or near venues, but no specific yacht or sailing club was listed in the official Olympic report. In 1920, the twelve-foot dinghy event set for Ostend was moved to the Netherlands at special request of the Belgian Olympic Committee. The first specific yacht or sailing club to host the competitions took place in 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City though those competitions took place actually in Acapulco. Eight years later in Montreal, the competitions took place on the Great Lakes in Kingston, Ontario, marking the first and only time the sailing competitions took place in freshwater.
During the fifth race of the 1988 Summer Olympic sailing Finn event near Busan, Canada's Lawrence Lemieux was in second place when he noticed Joseph Chan of Singapore in the water from his capsized boat. Lemieux abandoned his position and rescued Chan and Chan's Singapore teammate. Even though Lemieux finished last in the race, the IOC gave him second place for the race as a result of Lemieux's heroic efforts. Lemieux would be awarded the IOC Pierre de Coubertin medal at the Finn medal awards ceremony by President Juan Antonio Samaranch.
The 1992 Summer Olympic venue was noted for its numerous complaints from the sailors over the debris found at the Olympic Harbor. Among the items found were dead rats and floating refrigerators. It was so bad that Barcelona port authorities, under pressure from the International Yacht Racing Union (International Sailing Federation since August 1996), assigned four garbage vessels to collect garbage daily. In the men's windsurfer event, American Mike Gebhardt got a plastic bag caught on his boardsail in the last lap of the seventh race. Six boardsailers passed Gebhardt before he could dislodge the plastic bag. Gebhardt lost out a gold by 0.4 points over France's Franck David.
References
Venues
Sail
CCS64 is a shareware Commodore 64 emulator developed by Per Håkan Sundell of Sweden. It is an accurate and very popular Commodore 64 emulator which can play Commodore 64 formatted cartridges, demos, games, and music in Windows, and it has many modern software features. The emulator has had continuous enhancement and bug-fixing since its original development back in 1995. Later versions of the emulator are fully functional, even when it is not registered.
In release 3.9.3 the message 'Jesus Christ be praised!' is visible in the 'About' window.
See also
VICE, Open source Commodore 8-bit emulator (including VIC-20, C64, C128 etc.)
References
Chris Kohler, Retro Gaming Hacks, O'Reilly Media, 2006, , p. 262.
External links
Commodore 64 emulators
Honaar Soon Mee Hyaa Gharchi () is an Indian Marathi language television series that aired on Zee Marathi. The story revolves around Shrirang (Shree) who stays with his grandmother and five mothers. When Shree marries Janhavi, then she has trouble dealing with six mothers-in-laws.
Plot
Shrirang lives with his grandmother and five more women whom he equally treats as his mother. He owns a business "Gokhale Gruha Udyog" which his grandmother had established. He falls in love with Janhavi, who lives a modest life with her father, brother and step-mother, and works in a bank. They meet on a bus-stop and develop a beautiful bond. Initially Shri does not let Janhavi know he belongs to a rich family to maintain the simplicity of their relationship. But as they both fall in love, he reveals it to her. Janhavi's stepmother creates several problems in the pair's wedding and extorts the Gokhale family on various occasions. She also arranges her alliance with an aged man called Anil Apte. Before marriage, Shri's grandmother misunderstands Janhavi, especially given her mother's greedy nature. After marriage, Janhavi wins everyone's hearts with her caring nature. She also encourages all women in their home to take up various activities and businesses. She also brings Shri's estranged uncle and father back home.
Janhavi meets a road accident and in it she loses her partial memory, forgetting all about her marriage with Shri. But she still moves back to Shri's home upon knowing the fact. She falls for Shri all over again. Janhavi regains her memory after living with the Gokhale family for a while.
Janhavi's little brother - Rohan, who goes by Pintya - gets in a pandemonium from his boss Kishore. His boss threatens him to do as he says. If he doesn't listen, he would kill his father and Shri. To save his loved ones' lives, he makes Shri's image brutal in front of Social Media. Everyone blames Janhavi because of what Pintya did, claiming that she did not take responsibility and stop him. Janhavi, expecting a baby, sobs over and over again, as she is in the risk of losing it. No one except Geeta and Janhavi's parents know she is pregnant. Shri is about to give Janhavi a divorce due to misunderstandings created by her stepmother. The women in the house worry about Shri and decide to do his second marriage and leave Janhavi, as they do not know that Janhavi has not done anything and she is pregnant. They find a bride for Shri. Janhavi often tries to stop Shri to tell him the truth, but can't. After some more incidents, Shri's grandmother and uncle also learn of her pregnancy and finally it is revealed to Shri at a function at 'Narmada Yoga Centre', named after Shri's mother who possibly runs the business. Over there Shri and Janhavi reunite, but they have yet to solve Baby Aatya and the five other mothers' misconceptions about Janhavi. As a result, Shri stops talking with his six mothers and then Janhavi overcomes his mothers' misunderstanding by her tricks. Now she must address Pintya's wedding. His mother is trying to hook him up with a rich family, whereas he has fallen for a girl at his office. However, she lives in Dharavi, the biggest slum in Asia. His mother demands him to chuck her out of his life. Shri advises him to run away and get married. On the other hand, Janhavi thinks she can try and explain the situation to her vicious stepmom. Pintya's father agrees with Shri's opinion. Pintya has a little chat with him and comes to a conclusion that he has to take responsibility for his own actions and should leave his pregnant big sister out of his problems.
Pintya marries Sunita against his mother's will. Initially, Kala and Sunita clash, but Sadashiv resolves it forcibly. Saru marries a middle aged man, Pradyumna. Pradyumna's friend is later revealed to be Devendra, Baby Aatya's estranged husband.
On their anniversary, Devendra tries to reconcile with his wife, but Baby insults him and tells him to leave. Devendra explains Baby left him because of an incident which did not happen. Baby apologizes and returns to her husband. The other family members return. With some help from Janhavi, Pintya buys a flat for his family. Janhavi gives birth to a baby girl while Shri adopts another child from an orphanage. The family is delighted by the arrival of two baby girls, as the adopted baby is also a female. The serial ends with the entire family naming the baby "Krushna".
Cast
Main
Tejashri Pradhan as Janhavi Shrirang Gokhale / Janhavi Sadashiv Sahastrabuddhe (Janu)
Shashank Ketkar as Shrirang Ramakant Gokhale (Shree)
Recurring
Shree's family
Rohini Hattangadi as Bhagirathi Gokhale (Aai Aajji)
Manoj Joshi as Ramakant Gokhale (Baba)
Suhita Thatte as Narmada Ramakant Gokhale (Aai)
Pournima Talwalkar as Kaveri (Baby Aatya)
Supriya Pathare as Indrayani Umakant Gokhale (Mothi Aai)
Prasad Oak as Laxmikant Gokhale (Kanta)
Leena Bhagwat as Sharayu Laxmikant Gokhale (Chhoti Aai)
Smita Saravade as Saraswati (Saru Mavshi)
Janhavi's family
Asha Shelar as Shashikala Sadashiv Sahastrabuddhe (Kala)
Manoj Kolhatkar as Sadashiv Sahastrabuddhe (Baba)
Rohan Gujar as Rohan Sadashiv Sahastrabuddhe (Pintya)
Others
Radhika Deshpande as Geeta
Sachin Deshpande as Manish
Atul Parchure as Sadanand Borkar (Janhavi's boss)
Satish Salagare as Anil Apte
Vinod Gaykar as Nandan
Smita Oak as Sandhya Shivade
Samir Choughule as Pradyumna (Pappu)
Pournima Ahire as Pappu's mother
Abhijeet Jhunzarrao as Devendra (Kaveri's husband)
Soundtrack
The songs were composed by Nilesh Moharir. The three song album featured vocals by Vaishali Mhade, Shruti Bhave, Madhura Kumbhar, Savani Ravindra, Mangesh Borgaonkar, with lyrics by Mandar Cholkar. It was released in 2013.
Production
The lead actors Pradhan and Ketkar won the best actress and best actor awards respectively at the Zee Marathi Awards in 2013. The show won a total 11 awards in various categories at this award function. The mangalsutra Pradhan wore in the show, with three lines, became a fashion and was also sold on EBay. The actors Pradhan and Ketkar got married in real life on 8 February 2014 at Pune. But, divorced later by 2016.
The show completed more than 808 episodes and concluded on 24 January 2016.
Reception
The series premiered on 15 July 2013 from Monday to Saturday at 8 pm by replacing Unch Majha Zoka.
Seasons
16 June 2014 (Janhavi's Accident)
24 November 2014 (Janhavi's Pregnancy)
Special episode
1 hour
11 August 2013
7 September 2013
15 September 2013
22 December 2013
2 March 2014
27 July 2014
12 October 2014
20 October 2014
22 March 2015
25 May 2015
27 July 2015
30 August 2015
25 October 2015
29 November 2015
2 hours
20 October 2013 (Shree-Janhavi's Marriage)
24 January 2016 (Shree-Janhavi's Child)
Adaptations
Awards
References
External links
Honar Sun Me Hya Gharchi at ZEE5
Marathi-language television shows
2013 Indian television series debuts
Zee Marathi original programming
2016 Indian television series endings
Simon Gandolfi (b. London, February 11th 1933) is an English writer and long-distance motorcycle rider. He has ridden over on solo, unsupported rides in America and India including:
2007–2008, Mexico to Tierra del Fuego via Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia and Argentina: on a 125 cc Honda
April–December 2009, Tierra del Fuego to New York: on the same Honda
November–June 2010 – 2011, India: on 125 cc Honda Stunner
April–October 2013, India: TVS Motor Company TVS Phoenix 125
A 2010 tour of India was undertaken in defiance of the 2008 Mumbai attacks, of which he said "The attack infuriated me and I saw all the tourists cancelling and so I rode around India, and if a grand old man like me can ride around India at my age, it can't be that dangerous." The 2008 solo ride was undertaken when Gandolfi was 73, 2010 when he was 77, and the 2013 solo ride around his 80th birthday. The 2013 ride around India was published as a series of contributions to The Guardian's "Backpacking" travelogue section between June and October of that year. The column on his ride, which was planned to span India to England, ended when he suffered broken ribs and other injuries after being kicked off his bike by a heifer in the road.
Gandolfi's father, Ralph Vincent Gandolfi-Hornyold, Duca Gandolfi, Marchese di Melati, died in 1938. He is the stepson of Lt. Colonel Euan Rabagliati DFC, MC, Legion of Honour, British pilot in World War 1 and World War II MI6 officer.
Bibliography
Even With The Shutters Closed 1965 Peter Davies ISBN 978-1871565591.
100 Kilo Clubs. Wildwood House 1975 ISBN 978-0704501621
The Reluctant Stud, Sphere. 1981. ISBN 978-0722138038
France Security. Frederick Muller. 1981. ISBN 978-0-856341168
Golden Girl. Orion. 1992. ISBN 978-1855920088
Golden Web. Orion. 1994. ISBN 978-1857975116
Golden Vengeance. Orion. 1995 ISBN 978-1855928213
White Sands. Orion. 1996. ISBN 978-1857976915
Aftermath. Orion. 2000. ISBN 978-0752632296
Arcadia Press reprint 2013
An Indian Love Affair. Arcadia. 2016. ISBN 978-1910050811
References
F
External links
1933 births
Living people
Long-distance motorcycle riders
People from London
English travel writers
21st-century English writers
Karin Flaake (born 1944 in Schwerin, in Mecklenburg, Germany) is a German sociologist and professor (retired) at the Carl von Ossietzky University Oldenburg. Her publications on the adolescence of young women and men (some written jointly with Vera King) are part of the literature of socio-psychologically oriented gender research. Another focus of her work is on the chances of changing gender relations in families.
Biography
Karin Flaake studied sociology and psychoanalytic social psychology in Frankfurt / Main, then from 1972 to 1975 was research associate at the sociological seminar of the University of Göttingen, working on a research project on political learning processes in general education schools. From 1975 to 1989 she was a research associate at the Institut für Sozialforschung in Frankfurt / Main, working on research projects in education and sociology. Afterwards, she took her habilitation on the topic: :Gender-specific patterns of identity and vocational orientations of teachers". From 1982 to 1986, she had training at the Institute for Group Analysis Heidelbergan worked with the Frankfurt Working Group for Psychoanalytical Education (FAPP). From 1991 to 1994 she was professor at the Psychological Institute of Freie Universität Berlin, working in the field of feminist science. From 1994 to the end of 2007 she was Professor of Sociology with a focus on women's and gender studies at the Carl von Ossietzky University Oldenburg. Flaake is - especially with Heike Fleßner - co-founder of the Study Program Women's and Gender Studies and the Center for Interdisciplinary Wome's and Gender Studies.
Her work focuses on the following topics: Sociological and psychoanalytical-socio- psychological gender research, in particular: Analyzes of socialization and gender, social psychology of gender relations, gender relations in the educational sector, gender relations in families. Empirical investigations with psychoanalytical-hermeneutic methods of text interpretation.
Memberships
Scientific advisory board of the Frankfurt Center for Eating Disorders.
Scientific advisory board of the journal gender. Journal of Gender, Culture and Society.
Publications (selection)
Books
Die Jugendlichen und ihr Verhältnis zum Körper, Stuttgart 2019 (Kohlhammer Verlag)
Neue Mütter – neue Väter. Eine empirische Studie zu veränderten Geschlechterbeziehungen in Familien, Giessen 2014 (Psychosozial-Verlag)
With Heike Fleßner, Angelika I. Müller, Juliane Pegel (eds..): Familiengerechte Hochschule. Daten – Herausforderungen – Perspektiven.Oldenburg 2008 ( BIS-Verlag)
With Kristina Hackmann, Irene Pieper-Seier, Stephanie Radtke: Professorinnen in der Mathematik - Berufliche Werdegänge und Verortungen in der Disziplin. Bielefeld 2006 (Kleine Verlag)
With Almut Kirschbaum, Dorothee Noeres und Heike Fleßner: Promotionsförderung und Geschlecht. Zur Bedeutung geschlechtsspezifisch wirkender Auswahlprozesse bei der Förderung von Promotionen an niedersächsischen Hochschulen. Oldenburg 2005 (BIS Verlag)
With Vera King, ed.: Männliche Adoleszenz. Sozialisation und Bildungsprozesse zwischen Kindheit und Erwachsensein. Frankfurt a.M./New York 2005 (Campus)
Körper, Sexualität und Geschlecht. Studien zur Adoleszenz junger Frauen, Gießen 2001 (Psychosozial-Verlag)
With Vera King ed.: Weibliche Adoleszenz. Zur Sozialisation junger Frauen, Frankfurt a.M./New York 1992 (Campus) (Neuauflage als Taschenbuch Weinheim 2003, Beltz)
Berufliche Orientierungen von Lehrerinnen und Lehrern. Eine empirische Untersuchung, Frankfurt a.M./New York 1989 (Campus)
Articles in magazines and edited volumes
Körper. Beziehungsdynamiken und soziale Einbindungen, in: Günther, Marga/ Heilmann, Joachim/ Kerschgens, Anke (Hrsg.): Psychoanalytische Pädagogik und Soziale Arbeit. Verstehensorientierte Beziehungsarbeit als Voraussetzung für professionelles Handeln, Gießen 2022 (psychosozial), S. 293 - 310.
Sexualität. Entwicklungspsychologische Perspektiven, in: Günther, Marga/ Heilmann, Joachim/ Kerschgens, Anke (Hrsg.): Psychoanalytische Pädagogik und Soziale Arbeit. Verstehensorientierte Beziehungsarbeit als Voraussetzung für professionelles Handeln, Gießen 2022 (psychosozial), S. 277 - 292.
Paardynamiken. Geschlechterbeziehungen zwischen Traditionalisierung und Neugestaltung, In: Haller, Lisa Y./Schlender, Alicia (Hrsg.): Handbuch Feministische Perspektiven auf Elternschaft, Opladen, Berlin, Toronto 2022 (Barbara Budrich), S. 389 - 400.
Geteilte Elternschaft. Geschlechterbeziehungen zwischen Traditionalisierung und Neugestaltung, In: Krüger-Kirn, Helga/Tichy, Leila Zoe (Hrsg.): Elternschaft und Gender Trouble. Geschlechterkritische Perspektiven auf den Wandel der Familie, Opladen, Berlin, Toronto 2021 (Barbara Budrich), p. 145 – 160.
“Du pinkelst ja im Sitzen!” – Gesellschaftliche Zuschreibungen an den Körper und Körpererleben in der Adoleszenz junger Männer, In: Katharina Busch u. a. (Hrsg.): Figurationen spätmoderner Lebensführung, Wiesbaden 2020 (Springer VS), p. 45 – 64.
Körpergestaltungen, Körperpräsentationen und Körperinszenierungen junger Frauen und Männer – Suche nach eigenen Ausdrucksmöglichkeiten in der Adoleszenz In: deutsche jugend 12, 2020, S. 513 – 522.
Dynamiken in Familien mit einer in der Paarbeziehung geteilten Elternschaft – Traditionalisierungstendenzen und Potenziale für eine Neugestaltung von Geschlechterbildern und Geschlechterbeziehungen. Ergebnisse einer qualitativ empirischen Untersuchung, In: psychosozial 1/2018
Junge Frauen, Adoleszenz und homoerotisches Begehren. Begrenzungen trotz erweiterter Handlungsmöglichkeiten, In: Annelinde Eggert-Schmid Noerr u. a. (Hrsg.): Unheimlich und verlockend. Zum pädagogischen Umgang mit Sexualität von Kindern und Jugendlichen. Gießen 2017 (Psychosozial – Verlag), p. 137–149
Egalitäre Geschlechterverhältnisse in Familien und mütterliche Erwerbstätigkeit – Potenziale einer in der Paarbeziehung geteilten Elternschaft. Erfahrungen von Müttern, Vätern, Töchtern und Söhnen, In: Annette von Alemann/Sandra Beaufays/Beate Kortendiek (Hrsg.): Alte und neue Ungleichheiten. Auflösungen und Neukonfigurationen von Erwerbs- und Familiensphäre, Gender Sonderheft 4, 2016, p. 108–123
Neue Konstellationen für Männlichkeitsentwürfe – Potentiale einer in der Paarbeziehung geteilten Elternschaft für Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten von Jungen und jungen Männern, In: Bettina Dausien/Christine Thon/Katharina Walgenbach (Hrsg.): Geschlecht – Sozialisation – Transformationen. Jahrbuch Frauen- und Geschlechterforschung in der Erziehungswissenschaft, Band 11, Opladen/Berlin/Toronto 2015 (Barbara Budrich), p. 147–162
Bedeutung traditioneller Mutterbilder in Familien mit einer in der Paarbeziehung geteilten Elternschaft. Beharrungstendenzen und Veränderungsprozesse, In: Helga Krüger-Kirn/Marita Metz-Becker/Ingrid Rieken (Hrsg.): Mutterbilder. Kulturhistorische, sozialpolitische und psychoanalytische Perspektiven. Gießen 2016 (Psychosozial Verlag), p. 165–180
Neue Konstellationen für Identitäten für Frauen – Potentiale einer in der Paarbeziehung geteilten Elternschaft, In: Analytische Kinder- und Jugendlichenpsychotherapie, Heft 165, XLVI. Jg., 1/2015, p. 7–28
Pubertät, Biologie und Kultur: Erfahrungen körperlicher Veränderungen. In: Katharina Liebsch (Hrsg.): Jugendsoziologie. Über Adoleszente, Teenager und neue Generationen, München 2012 (Oldenbourg Verlag), p. 135–152
Gender, Care und veränderte Arbeitsteilungen in Familien – geteilte Elternschaft und Wandlungen in familialen Geschlechterverhältnissen, In: Gender 3/2011, S. 73–88
Männliche Adoleszenz und Sucht. In: Jutta Jacob/Heino Stöver (Hrsg.): Männer im Rausch. Konstruktionen und Krisen von Männlichkeiten im Kontext von Rausch und Sucht, Bielefeld 2009 (transkript), p. 23–32
Frauen- und Geschlechterforschung als Prozess der Selbstveränderung – Berufliche Entwicklungen im Schnittpunkt von Soziologie, Psychoanalyse und Frauen- und Geschlechterforschung. In: Vogel, Ulrike (Hrsg.): Wege in die Soziologie und die Frauen- und Geschlechterforschung. Autobiographische Notizen der ersten Generation von Professorinnen an der Universität. Wiesbaden 2006 (VS Verlag für Sozialwissenschaften), p. 166–177
Feminismus/Gender Studies. In: Lohmann, Hans-Martin, Pfeiffer, Joachim (Hrsg.): Freud. Handbuch. Leben – Werk – Wirkung. Stuttgart/Weimar 2006 (J.B.Metzler), p. 383–395
Junge Männer, Adoleszenz und Familienbeziehungen. In: King, Vera/Flaake, Karin (Hrsg.): Männliche Adoleszenz. Sozialisations- und Bildungsprozesse zwischen Kindheit und Erwachsensein. Frankfurt a. M./New York 2005 (Campus), p. 99–120
Gemeinsam mit Heike Fleßner: Jugend, Geschlecht und pädagogische Prozesse. In: Hafeneger, Benno (Hrsg.): Subjektdiagnosen. Subjekt, Modernisierung und Bildung. Schwalbach/Ts. 2005, p. 135–157
Girls, Adolescence and the Impact of Bodily Changes. Family Dynamics and Social Definitions of the Female Body. In: European Journal of Women&#39;s Studies 2005, Vol. 12(2), p. 201–212
Körperlichkeit und Sexualität in der Adoleszenz junger Frauen: Dynamiken in der Vater-Tochter-Beziehung, In: Psyche 5, 2003
Geschlecht, Macht und Gewalt. Verletzungsoffenheit als lebensgeschichtlich prägende Erfahrung von Mädchen und jungen Frauen. In: Dackweiler, Regina-Maria/Schäfer, Reinhild (Hrsg.): Gewaltverhältnisse. Feministische Perspektiven auf Geschlecht und Gewalt. Frankfurt a. M./New York 2002(Campus), p. 161–170
Encyclopedia chapters
Sexualität, in: Gudrun Ehlert u.a. (eds.): Wörterbuch Soziale Arbeit und Geschlecht, Weinheim und München 2011 (Beltz), p. 368
Psychoanalytische Ansätze, in: Enzyklopädie Erziehungswissenschaft Online (EEO), Geschlechterforschung, Gendertheoretische Grundlagen 2009, (Juventa)
Handbuchartikel „Menstruation“, „Ödipales Szenario“, „Mütter (und Töchter)“, „Adoleszenz“, „Mädchenforschung“, „Psychoanalyse“. In: Kroll, Renateet al. . (ed.): Metzler-Lexikon Gender Studies - Geschlechterforschung. Stuttgart/Weimar 2002 (J.B. Metzler
References
External links
Prof. Dr. Karin Flaake, (retired), Carl von Ossietzky Universität Oldenburg
Frankfurt Center for Eating Disorders
German sociologists
University of Oldenburg faculty
Living people
German women sociologists
1944 births
People from Schwerin
is a Japanese manga series by Hari Tokeino. It has been serialized in Hakusensha's shōjo manga magazine LaLa since 2009, and has been collected in twenty-two tankōbon volumes. A 12-episode anime television series adaptation by Brain's Base aired between January 7 and March 25, 2018. An OVA episode was announced in June 2018 and was bundled with the 7th DVD and Blu-Ray releases of the show.
Plot
After the sudden death of their parents on a plane crash, two young brothers named Ryūichi Kashima (a freshman in high school) and his younger brother Kotarō (a preschooler) are left orphaned and having no place to call home. The chairwoman of the prestigious Morinomiya Academy offers to take the boys into her care, giving them a new house and free tuition, on the condition that Ryuichi helps out with the school's daycare center while also attending normal classes during school hours.
Characters
Students
He and his brother Kotaro lost their parents in an airplane accident, leaving them orphaned. They are taken in by Morinomiya in exchange for him helping with the school's babysitter club. Ryūichi is a kind-hearted and friendly boy who easily befriends people around him. He loves his little brother Kotaro and would do anything for him, trying his best to support him. He takes a liking to the babysitting activities, and all the infants that are drawn to him.
A student in Morinomiya Academy's Special Class. She is a very studious girl but is socially awkward. Although she can be blunt and sometimes offensive, she is not a bad person at heart; rather, she finds it difficult to interact with people believing studying hard is all she excels at, and can become easily saddened, which shows that she can be sensitive. She develops a crush on Ryūichi to which he is oblivious, and recurrently interacts with the babysitting club and its children. The kids like her, but her stern demeanor can scare them at times.
A boy in Morinomiya Academy, the son of Shizuka Kamitani and Taizō Hebihara, a science teacher in the school, and Taka's older brother. He becomes friends with Ryuichi and often hangs with him as one of his closest friends. He is mostly expressionless, quiet, and rarely says more than strictly needed. Although he often smacks Taka in order to have him behave (which becomes a recurring running gag), in reality Hayato loves and cares deeply for his brother, although he never openly states it toward him. He eventually joins the babysitting club as an official member, doing activities in there and in the baseball club.
A second-year student in the Morinomiya Academy Advanced Class. He is a handsome and kind-hearted boy who is very popular with the girls. He has a passion for cute children, but gets nosebleeds whenever he interacts with them, making him appear like a pervert.
A schoolmate of Ryūichi and an old friend of Tomoya Yagi with shaggy black hair hanging over his eyes. His sloppy appearance belies his dedication as a student and hard worker, as well as his caring personality. He has several younger brothers and sisters, and although normally not allowed, he has gotten permission to work a part-time job to support his family.
A kind but painfully shy young girl and one of Ryūichi's classmates. She has developed a crush on him, but cannot bring herself to confess her feelings to him. Although initially a love rival with Maria Inomata, she gradually begins to consider her as her best friend.
A somewhat pushy high school boy who seeks to win the heart of Yukari Sawatori, despite the fact that she is happily married. Later on he develops a crush on Ryūichi when he mistakes him for a girl while the latter is wearing a wig. In his initial appearance he is shown to dislike children, but he acquires somewhat of a soft spot for them as time passes. At one point Usaida bribes him to watch over Kotaro while the toddler embarks on his first errand, and he keeps his anonymity by wearing a bag over his head.
Children
Ryuichi's younger brother. Kotaro is a toddler who loves his older brother and sticks with him. He is taken care of in the babysitter club where he gets along with the other kids his age. He is overall the most quiet of the infants, and is often expressionless in dangerous or even comical situations.
The younger Kamitani brother and one of the children in the daycare. Boisterous and stubborn, his attitude often puts him at odds with his older brother and occasionally other children. Although he may never admit it himself, he deeply cares for his older brother and aspires to be like him.
One of the Mamizuka twins. Takuma is a very cheerful and outgoing toddler and is rarely seen without a smile on his face.
The second of the Mamizuka twins. Unlike his brother, he is very shy and prone to tears at the best of times. He is very close to Takuma and is rarely seen without him. Unassertive, he often copies or finishes Takuma's sentences.
The oldest toddler in the daycare. Smarter than her peers, she speaks relatively eloquently and politely, although she is not above getting into shenanigans herself. She is rarely seen without her favorite giraffe plushie.
The youngest child in the daycare. She is often carried on the back of one of the babysitters, usually Usaida.
Hayato and Taka's cousin. He arrived at the babysitting club after his mother got sick and became bedridden.
Parents/ Guardians
The Chairwoman of Morinomiya Academy who lost her son and daughter-in-law in the same accident that killed the Kashima siblings' parents. Witnessing them during the funeral, she decides to take them both under her care under the condition that Ryuichi helps with the babysitter club, providing him with a house and school. Although she tends to be strict and work driven, she reveals a softer side to herself in time, constantly monitoring the siblings and caring for them in her own way. Her most striking feature is her abundant hair, which Kotaro claims is "shaggy" (もじゃもじゃ mojamoja), and calls her that as a nickname.
Youko's butler and attendant. He watches over the siblings and treats to their needs. Totally unfazeable, he reacts with dry humor and tasteless jokes to any peculiarities he chances upon. Usually when Ryuuichi is busy with exams, Saikawa takes his place at the babysitter club to help take care of the children. He also becomes friends with Usaida.
A caretaker in the babysitter club. He is most of the time seen sleeping on the job and is shown to have a rather demotivated behavior, claiming this is because the chairman is stingy. Although he does not seem to work more than what is strictly required, he does seem to care for the kids and Ryuichi. In the manga, it is revealed that he wanted to be a teacher. In his backstory, he became the way he is, being disappointed on his father's choice of career path after he was laid off.
Kirin's mother is a cold-looking and soft-spoken but caring woman teaching Drama at Morinomiya Academy.
A freelance photographer, Kirin's father, and Yayoi's husband. He is very protective of his daughter Kirin, forbidding her from kissing or even getting close to any of the boys at the daycare, especially Kotaro. The two are very close, even though they are both toddlers. Satoru also becomes extremely jealous whenever his wife Yayoi speaks to someone of the opposite sex. He is a very bubbly person whenever his daughter is around and is always seen with a digital camera in his hand to take pictures.
Midori's mother, a school secretary at Morinomiya Academy, is a gentle beauty who is married to a loving but often-absent archeologist.
Midori's father and Yukari's husband. His job as an archaeologist often keeps him away from home on expeditions; his face is rarely shown and the lower part of his face is usually covered up with a huge beard (in the manga, his entire face is visible without his beard). He has a deep, booming voice in the anime series that makes him sound like someone much older than he actually is.
Kazuma and Takuma's mother. She is a P.E. teacher at Morinomiya Academy. She shares a cheerful personality with her son Takuma and often comforts her more timid son Kazuma, as well as her equally timid husband.
Kazuma and Takuma's father. He's also a famous actor and is very popular with his fans. However, his fame has come at the cost of not being able to see his sons as often as he would like, resulting in Kazuma and Takuma's estrangement from him. With Ryūichi's encouragement, however, he eventually overcomes that barrier. He is a crybaby and contrary to his actor persona, he is very shy and emotional, but also kind. He commonly appears in sketchy disguises to avoid being recognized as a celebrity.
Hayato and Taka's mother and Taizo's ex-wife; she has a laid-back and easygoing personality. She can be stern at times but she does love her children. She works as a science teacher at Morinomiya Academy. She has a large amount of patience when dealing with her talkative and misbehaving son, Taka, sometimes gazing at him as a loving mother would, but becomes assertive and angry when she is rubbed the wrong way especially by her teenager son, Hayato, or ex-husband, Taizou. She has a tendency of hitting Hayato on the head when he does something foolish or disagreeable. Like Hayato, she extends this treatment to Usaida at times when he's slacking off on the job.
Hayato and Taka's divorced father and Shizuka's ex-husband. Just like Hayato, he is usually expressionless but he has a more frightening appearance than his oldest son. He is very strict and has zero tolerance when comes to his students, often marking them absent even if they are only a few minutes late for school. He forces them to do chores under harsh deadlines, even during their free time, if they are unable to reply. He works as a chemistry teacher at Morinomiya Academy.
Media
Manga
The manga has been published by Hakusensha, and in LaLa's magazine since 2008, and as of 2022, 22 volumes have been released in Japan. The series has also been released in French by Glénat Editions and in Chinese by Tong Li Publishing.
Volume list
Novel
The series's first novel, written by Saya Kōzuki, was published by Hakusensha on March 3, 2018.
Anime
A 12-episode anime television series adaptation by Brain's Base aired between January 7, 2018, to March 25, 2018, on Tokyo MX, Sun TV and BS11. First announced on March 21, 2017, the series is directed by Shūsei Morishita with scripts written by Yuuko Kakihara and music by Ruka Kawada. Crunchyroll streamed the series. An OVA episode was announced in June 2018 and was bundled with the 7th DVD and Blu-Ray release.
References
External links
Anime series based on manga
Brain's Base
Comedy anime and manga
Crunchyroll anime
Hakusensha manga
Muse Communication
School life in anime and manga
Shōjo manga
Slice of life anime and manga
Tokyo MX original programming
is a 1950 drama film directed by Yasujirō Ozu and starring Kinuyo Tanaka and Hideko Takamine.
Synopsis
Setsuko is unhappily married to Mimura, an engineer with no job and a bad drinking habit. She had always been in love with Hiroshi but both of them failed to propose when Hiroshi left for France a few years ago. Now he is back and Mariko (Setsuko's sister) tries to reunite them. She too is secretly in love with Hiroshi.
References
External links
Films directed by Yasujirō Ozu
1950s Japanese-language films
1950 films
Films scored by Ichirō Saitō
Films with screenplays by Yasujirō Ozu
Films with screenplays by Kogo Noda
Shintoho films
Japanese drama films
1950 drama films
Japanese black-and-white films
1950s Japanese films
Caobao Road () is an interchange station between Line 1 and Line 12 of the Shanghai Metro. This station is part of the initial southern section of the line that opened on 28 May 1993 and is located in Xuhui District. The station became an interchange station with the arrival of Line 12 which entered operation on 19 December 2015. This station has been rumored to be haunted.
Station Layout
References
Shanghai Metro stations in Xuhui District
Line 1, Shanghai Metro
Line 12, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 1993
Railway stations in Shanghai
Xuhui District
Germany and Germanic lands have been invaded by foreign powers several times. Invasion of Germany may refer to the following:
Various invasions of Germania by the Roman Empire.
Roman campaigns in Germania (12 BC – AD 16)
Marcomannic Wars
Battle at the Harzhorn
Constantine the Great's German campaign
Invasion of Germania by the Huns in 375.
Various invasions of the Holy Roman Empire and other German states between 1618 and 1648 during the Thirty Years War.
Invasion of the Margraviate of Brandenburg by the Swedish Empire during the Scanian War.
Austrian and Russian invasions of Prussia during the Third Silesian War (part of the Seven Years' War).
1757 raid on Berlin
1760 raid on Berlin
French invasion of Prussia during the Napoleonic Wars in 1806.
Plan XVII, the French plan that was put into effect in 1914 at the outbreak of World War I
Invasion of Nazi Germany, in 1945, by the Allies during World War II.
The Saar Offensive, a failed invasion of the Saarland by France during the Phoney War
The Siegfried Line Offensive
Battle of Aachen
Battle of the Hurtgen Forest
Battle of Crucifix Hill
Battle of Fort Driant
Battle of Metz
The Western Allied invasion of Germany
Battle of the Reichswald
Battle of Cologne
Battle of the Ruhr Pocket
Battle of Remagen
Battle of Nuremberg
Battle of Hamburg
The Soviet Union invasion of Germany
Vistula-Oder Offensive
East Prussian Offensive
East Pomeranian Offensive
Silesian Offensives
Battle of Seelow Heights
Battle of Berlin
John James Chipperfield (4 March 1894 – 1966) was an English footballer.
Prior to World War I, Chipperfield played for Luton Clarence and Luton Town. He played as a wartime guest for Arsenal during World War I, finishing as the club's top scorer in the London Combination in both 1916–17 and 1918–19. After the war ended he moved to Tottenham Hotspur, making his debut on 30 August 1919, scoring twice. Chipperfield played for Spurs for two seasons, winning promotion to the First Division in 1919–20 and scoring six goals in total that season. He made his last appearance in a Spurs shirt on 11 April 1921. After Tottenham he played for Notts County (18 league games, 2 goals) and Northfleet before joining Charlton Athletic in 1923 (3 league games, 0 goals). He played most of his career as an outside left.
References
1894 births
English footballers
Arsenal F.C. wartime guest players
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. players
1966 deaths
Date of death unknown
Association football outside forwards
Rais bin Yasin is a Malaysian politician who has served as Member of the Melaka State Executive Council (EXCO) in the Barisan Nasional (BN) state administration under Chief Minister Sulaiman Md Ali since November 2021 and Member of the Melaka State Legislative Assembly (MLA) for Paya Rumput since November 2021. He is a member of the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO), a component party of the ruling BN coalition.
Election results
References
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Malaysian Muslims
United Malays National Organisation politicians
21st-century Malaysian politicians
Members of the Malacca State Legislative Assembly
Malacca state executive councillors
People from Malacca
Living people
1984 births
is a Japanese motorcycle racer. He has competed in the MFJ All Japan Road Race GP125 Championship, the MFJ All Japan Road Race J-GP3 Championship and the MFJ All Japan Road Race ST600 Championship.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
1990 births
Japanese motorcycle racers
Living people
125cc World Championship riders
For the artistic term, see trompe-l'oeil
Trompe-l'œil is a 112-meter-long color field painting created in 1998 by . It overlooks the Katastrophenbucht ("disaster bay") in Zug, Switzerland.
Description
Cogliatti painted Trompe-l'œil in 1998 with acrylic paint on the concrete wall of the Zug Vorstadtbrücke bridge.
In this artwork, she juxtaposed three warm and two cold color fields (or vice versa). 21 color tones are set in contrast to one another in such a way that the colors run from warm yellow-orange on the side of the Vorstadtquai to rich purple, green and red, and finally towards the Alpenquai into a cool blue. Thus, they simulate a colored sky, from dusk to dawn. Cogliatti arranged the colored surfaces in order to create illusionistic interruptions, niches and windows in the wall and thus create an imaginary living space, a “colorful city”.
Trompe-l'œil complements the color of the colorful Vorstadt houses that are still standing (since the 1887 Vorstadtkatastrophe) and thus brings the sunken row of houses to new life. "The colorful reflections from the wall to the ceiling and to the floor create an aquarium feeling on hot days ..." The sequence of colors is also reminiscent of the course of the day, from dusk to dawn. "The large open areas on the mural [...] form an ideal platform for various messages." "There is a place in Zug that leads directly into the soul of young people. A kind of physical Facebook [...] - the great colorful wall in the disaster bay, between Rössliwiese and Alpenquai."
History
In the 1970s, Hans Potthof painted the 112-meter concrete wall of the Vorstadtbrücke bridge with the assistance of children; but graffiti destroyed the painting during decades.
In 1995, Cogliatti instructed 55 children to paint the same concrete wall on behalf of the Zuger Schul– und Stadtbauamt (″Zug school and municipal building authorities″). The leitmotiv theme for the painting work was "Living space", the painting was mainly in shades of blue – allusions to the houses that had sunk into the lake there in 1887. The wall painting was inaugurated on July 6, 1995, one day after the complete renovation of the Rigiplatz above, which is reminiscent of the same disaster.
After the painting had been repeatedly covered in graffiti, the city commissioned Cogliatti to redesign the wall in 1998. With the help of a flat painter and over a period of approximately 140 hours, the artist implemented “her own sculptural and color visions”. One of Cogliatti′s artistic goals, among others, was to use painterly means to give the impression of a third dimension. She therefore gave her work the name Trompe-l'œil, which means "eye delusion"; for this, the dominance of the window hatches in the wall had to be broken. Cogliatti completed the work in early August 1998.
References
External link
The trompe-l'œil on the website of the municipality of Zug
1990s murals
Vandalized works of art
Paintings in Switzerland
Abstract art
Murals
Trompe-l'œil paintings
Michele Specht () is an American actress and comedian, known for playing Katie in the VH1 series I Hate My 30's and Doctor McKennah in the web series Star Trek Continues.
Biography
Early life
The middle of three daughters, Specht was born in Lincoln, Nebraska and raised in Colorado. She attended Air Academy High School and later earned degrees in Classical Vocal Music Performance and Theatre at College of Saint Benedict and Saint John's University.
Personal life
Specht was in a relationship with actor Vic Mignogna from 2006 to May 2018.
Filmography
Live action
Web originals and short films
Animated roles
Video game roles
References
External links
Living people
American film actresses
American television actresses
American video game actresses
American voice actresses
American women comedians
People from Lincoln, Nebraska
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Gavrilo Pajović (born July 3, 1971) is a Montenegrin professional basketball executive and former player. He is currently serving as the sports director for Budućnost VOLI of the Adriatic League and the Montenegrin League.
Playing career
Pajović spent the most of his professional career with his hometown team Budućnost. He had three stints there. During his second stint (1993–2000), Pajović won two Yugoslav Championships and two Yugoslav Cups. Also, he played for Belgrade powerhouse Partizan in the 1992–93 season and for Primorka Bar in the 2001–02 season.
Pajović spent two seasons in Bosnia and Herzegovina. He played for Bosna in the 1991–92 season, and for Igokea in the 2000–01 season. During his stint with Igokea he won the Bosnia and Herzegovina Championship.
In 2008, Pajović finished his playing career with Mediteran Herceg Novi.
National team career
Pajović was a member of the Yugoslavia Juniors team what played at the 1991 FIBA Under-19 World Championship in Edmonton, Canada. Over eight tournament games, he averaged 2.2 points per game.
Post-playing career
After retirement in 2008, Pajović joined the non-playing staff of Budućnost where he became a sports director.
Personali life
His son, Feđa (born 2001) is a basketball player, who played for Studentski centar and Metalac Valjevo.
References
External links
Gavrilo Pajovic at eurobasket.com
Player Profile at basketball-reference.com
Player Profile at euroleague.net
Player Profile at basketnews.lt
Player Profile at proballers.com
1971 births
Living people
ABA League players
KK Bosna Royal players
KK Budućnost players
KK Igokea players
KK Partizan players
Montenegrin expatriate basketball people in Serbia
Montenegrin men's basketball players
Point guards
Sportspeople from Podgorica
The Michigan Wolverines women's basketball program is a college basketball team that represents the University of Michigan in the Big Ten Conference of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA). The team has had nine head coaches in its history. The current head coach is Kim Barnes Arico who was hired in 2012.
Kim Barnes Arico is the all-time leader in games coached (241), wins (156), and winning percentage. Kim Barnes Arico is the first and only head coach to have led the team to a postseason championship.
List of coaches
References
Michigan
Michigan Wolverines basketball coaches
Susan Wood (born 1946, Commerce, Texas) is an American poet and the Gladys Louise Fox Professor of English at Rice University.
Life
Wood received her B.A. from East Texas State University and her M.A. from University of Texas at Arlington before continuing her graduate studies at Rice University.
She taught high school and worked as an editor and writer for The Washington Post and magazines.
Her poems have appeared in such journals as The Antioch Review, Callaloo, the Greensboro Review, Indiana Review, The Kenyon Review, The Missouri Review, the New England Review, The Paris Review, and Poetry.
Awards
1991 Lamont Poetry Selection for Campo Santo
Pushcart Prize for her poem "Diary,"
1998 Guggenheim Fellowship for poetry
Works
Poetry books
References
Texas A&M University–Commerce alumni
University of Texas at Arlington alumni
Rice University alumni
Rice University faculty
1946 births
Living people
Poets from Texas
American women poets
People from Commerce, Texas
American women academics
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women writers
Çalta may refer to either of two different settlements in Turkey:
Çalta, Kazan, in Ankara Province
Çalta, Kızılcahamam, in Ankara Province
See also
Calta
Vincent Tsui (崔允信) is one of the few independent film directors in Hong Kong. He starts his filming career in As Time Goes By (1997), a documentary film he co-directed with Ann Hui.
Leaving in Sorrow (2001), starring Shawn Yue, which adopted the style of Dogma 95, also gained critical acclaim. His Love is Elsewhere premiered at the 2008 Hong Kong International Film Festival.
On April 29, 2011, Chui's new short film 《你還可愛麼》 佳叔 was posted on YouTube as part of the "Love More HK"/"你還可愛麼" project.
He is also one of the founder of non-profit film organization Ying e Chi.
References
External links
《你還可愛麼》 佳叔
《你還可愛麼》 佳叔 製作花絮
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Hong Kong film directors
The 2021 Mont Ventoux Dénivelé Challenge was the third edition of the Mont Ventoux Dénivelé Challenge road cycling one-day race, which was a category 1.1 event on the 2021 UCI Europe Tour. After the 2020 edition was postponed to August due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the race returned to its usual mid-June time slot.
The long race in the southeastern French province of Provence started in Vaison-la-Romaine and featured two ascents of Mont Ventoux, with the race finishing at the summit of the second ascent. The first ascent took the eastern route from Sault, while the second ascent took the southern route from Bédoin.
Teams
Seven of the nineteen UCI WorldTeams, eight UCI ProTeams, and five UCI Continental teams made up the twenty teams that participated in the race. All but six teams entered a full squad of seven riders: , , and each entered six riders, while , , and each entered five riders. With one late non-starter from , there were 130 riders who started the race, from which 86 finished.
UCI WorldTeams
UCI ProTeams
UCI Continental Teams
Result
References
2021
Mont Ventoux Dénivelé Challenge
Mont Ventoux Dénivelé Challenge
Mont Ventoux Dénivelé Challenge
Deathgasm is a 2015 New Zealand independent comedy horror film written and directed by Jason Lei Howden in his directorial debut. The film premiered on 14 March 2015 at South by Southwest and was released in theaters later that year to positive reviews.
Plot
After his father dies and his mother is institutionalized, teenager Brodie moves in with his Uncle Albert place in Greypoint. Brodie is a metalhead, which conflicts with Uncle Albert's fundamentalist Christian beliefs. He is bullied at high school by other students, including his cousin David. Brodie's only friends are geeks Dion and Giles, but he later meets and befriends another metal fan, Zakk. The four decide to form a metal band, Deathgasm. To Brodie's surprise, the beautiful Medina appears to be interested in him and they go out on a date, but Brodie is too shy to kiss her.
Zakk convinces Brodie to venture into an abandoned house to find metal musician Rikki Daggers. They find him sleeping inside holding a record. After accidentally awakening him, he hands them the album and convinces them to flee. A man named Vadin later kills Daggers. Vadin is part of a cult which is looking for "The Black Hymn," medieval sheet music with the power to summon demons. Since Vadin failed to obtain The Black Hymn, the cult's leader, Aeon, has him beheaded.
Brodie finds the Black Hymn inside the record's cover, and Deathgasm plays the song, resulting in flickering lights and Uncle Albert hyperventilating and bleeding from his eyes, before Brodie stops after feeling that something is wrong. The next day in school, Brodie translates the Latin writing on the sheet, saying: "The black hymn. Play it to invoke the demon." Medina finds Zakk and passes him a note to give Brodie that contains a message to meet at the local park; Zakk keeps the note and lies to her that Brodie no longer wants to see her before they kiss.
Brodie deduces that the Black Hymn is connected to dark forces and, wanting to take revenge upon his bullies, completes playing the Black Hymn with Deathgasm. The band is knocked unconscious and notices that something is different upon awakening. Several townspeople begin vomiting blood. After Brodie meets up with Zakk to ponder about why Medina ignored him, the two are later attacked by Zakk's demonically possessed father, whom they manage to kill. Dion, Giles, and Medina also fend off the possessed and hide in the school's panic room and leave a note on Brodie's door regarding their location. Trying to find out what is happening, Zakk and Brodie meet with fortune teller Abigail, who tells them they have invoked the demon Aeloth by playing the hymn, and that the residents of town are now possessed by Aeloth's demons, which kill and possess every human being in order to prepare Aeloth's arrival. By 3 AM, Aeloth will merge with the most evil human being present. Before she is able to tell them how to undo Aeloth's summoning, she is killed by her possessed boyfriend Byron before becoming a demon herself.
The cult members arrive at Greypoint to herald Aeloth's arrival, but Aeon is killed by his acolyte Shanna, who usurps leadership. Zakk is not interested in fighting Aeloth, but Brodie manages to convince him to help under the assumption that summoning will be undone by playing the Black Hymn backwards. They drive to Brodie's house to obtain the sheets of music, however the wind blows it away while Zakk removes the note placed by Medina. After killing Uncle Albert and David, the two find the sheets while killing several of the possessed. Brodie and Zakk head to the school where they reunite with Dion, Giles, and Medina. However, Brodie finds Zakk's jacket in Medina's bag and confronts him over deceiving them; Zakk admits that he is not interested in Medina and wanted to do it out of boredom before deciding to abandon the group.
The remaining four head to Daggers' house to play the song with Daggers' loud amplifiers, but they are confronted by the cult, where Shanna takes the band prisoner and rips apart the sheets. A remorseful Zakk rescues his bandmates and Deathgasm disrupts the cult's ritual to summon Aeloth. Brodie begins to play the Black Hymn backwards, but Dion and Giles are killed by the demons. Brodie is unable to finish playing in time, and Aeloth enters the body of Shanna, who is quickly killed by Zakk. However, since he is the most evil person amongst them, Aeloth then takes possession of Zakk's body and attacks Brodie and Medina. Brodie realizes it is too late to complete the hymn, so instead he just passionately plays heavy metal. Brodie's playing causes Zakk to collapse and temporarily transform back into his human body, and Zakk convinces Brodie to kill him to prevent Aeloth's resurrection.
A few months later, Brodie and Medina are a happy death metal-loving couple in Greypoint. Zakk's spirit returns through one of Brodie's records and they converse over what hell is like.
Cast
Milo Cawthorne as Brodie
James Blake as Zakk
Kimberley Crossman as Medina
Sam Berkley as Dion
Daniel Cresswell as Giles
Delaney Tabron as Shanna
Stephen Ure as Rikki Daggers
Tim Foley as Vadin
Kate Elliott as Abigail
Nick Hoskins-Smith as David
Colin Moy as Uncle Albert
Jodie Rimmer as Aunt Mary
Erroll Shand as Byron
Andrew Laing as Aeon
Aaron McGregor as Terry
Cameron Rhodes as Mr. Cappenhurst
Campbell Rousselle as Ron
Paula Hallagher as Brodie's Mum
Production
Howden took inspiration from his teenage years, in which he was a social outcast and fan of heavy metal music. The film won the 2013 Make My Horror Movie contest and received a NZ$200,000 prize to go toward production, which took place in mid-2014. Executive producer Ant Timpson cited Howden's "sheer enthusiasm and utter commitment" as to why it won.
Reception
Rotten Tomatoes reports that 87% of 30 critics gave the film a positive notice; the average rating is 6.75/10. The site's consensus states: "Deathgasm plumbs the blood-spattered depths of grindhouse gore with enough giddy glee to satisfy genre enthusiasts looking for a thrill." On Metacritic, the film has a 65 out of 100 rating, based on 10 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".Dennis Harvey of Variety wrote that the script does not live up the vivid splatter effects, but the film's "consistent if undiscriminating high energy engenders a certain persuasive goodwill". Richard Whittaker of The Austin Chronicle wrote, "Shamelessly low-brow, reaching a beer-fueled gleeful high with a zombie-vs.-sex toys battle, it's a very metal tribute to the grand tradition of Kiwi splatter comedies." Matt Donato of We Got This Covered rated it 4/5 stars and wrote, "Deathgasm is the ultimate midnight movie (for metalheads especially), hitting on notes of horror insanity that blend face-melting riffage with equally outstanding practical effects."At Bloody Disgusting, Brad Miska and Patrick Cooper reviewed the film, and both rated it four out of five stars. Miska called it "the most metal horror film ever", and Cooper said that it was "the movie the SXSW Midnighters category was created for". Drew Tinnin of Dread Central rated it 4/5 stars and wrote, "Deathgasm knows exactly what it is and where its heart is, giving genre fans a welcome return to heavy metal in horror without cutting back on any of the splatstick that New Zealand has become known for, for better or worse." Zach Gayne of Twitch Film wrote, "[T]he voice that shines through the hysterical dialogue and playfully comic editing, is so teenage, so punk, it makes a beat-to-death genre feel refreshing." Heather Wixson of Daily Dead rated it 5/5 stars and called it a "ridiculously fun and bombastic celebration of horror and heavy metal".In early 2016, Walmart refused to sell Deathgasm in its current form. Walmart renamed the film to a more 'acceptable' title "Heavy Metal Apocalypse."
Accolades
Nominated for a Fangoria Chainsaw Award, Best Makeup FX/Creature Design
Toronto After Dark Film Festival
Best Feature Film – Anchor Bay Entertainment Audience Choice Award Winner: Gold
Best Special Effects
Best Music
Best Title Sequence
Best Trailer
Best Film To Watch With A Crowd
Best Kill (Death by Sex Toy)
Best Gore
Best Screening Q&A
Knoxville Horror Film Festival
Palm D'Gore
Best Director: Jason Lei Howden
Total Film Frightfest
Best Gore for Dildos & chainsaws
Festival de cine de Terror de Molins de Rei
Best Feature Film
Best Actor: Milo Cawthorne
Razor Reel Flanders Film Festival
Audience Award
HARD LINE Film Festival, Germany
Audience Award
L'Absurde Séance Film Festival
Audience Award
Arizona Underground Film Festival
Audience Award
Cancelled Sequel
A sequel, titled Deathgasm Part 2: Goremageddon, was revealed on 16 December 2015 to be in production. On the topic of Goremaggedon Jason Lei Howden said that "There is literally more gore in the first 10 minutes than the entire first #deathgasm. If you kinda liked the first, this will make your head implode. If you thought the first Deathgasm was puerile, juvenile and dumb, then Goremageddon will melt your face off and force you to barricade yourself inside, safe with some Terrence Malick and Coldplay.” On January 31, 2021 Howden tweeted that the film was rejected by the New Zealand Film Commission board so the production would not go ahead.
References
Further reading
External links
2015 films
2015 horror films
2015 comedy horror films
2015 independent films
New Zealand independent films
2010s English-language films
Demons in film
Films about musical groups
Films set in Auckland
Films shot in New Zealand
Heavy metal films
New Zealand slapstick films
New Zealand splatter films
New Zealand comedy horror films
2010s exploitation films
2015 directorial debut films
2015 comedy films
The Native Land Husbandry Act was passed in 1951. Morgan Tsvangirai, the head of the Movement for Democratic Change, was born in Gutu, Masvingo Province on 10 March 1952. Garfield Todd of the United Rhodesia Party became the Prime Minister of Southern Rhodesia in 1953. That same year, a referendum was held to decide if Southern Rhodesia should join with Northern Rhodesia, and Nyasaland. The Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland formed on 1 August. The City Youth League formed in 1955. That same year, the government passed the Public Order Act, giving the police the power to detain and restrict individuals without trial. The City Youth League organized a bus boycott in Salisbury in 1956. Police arrested 200 CYL members.
References
Crisis in Rhodesia, by Nathan Shamuyarira, Andre Deutsch, 1965
See also
Years in Zimbabwe
Çukurören is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 225 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Batrak () is a rural locality (a selo) in Novoursayevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 39 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Batrak is located 46 km west of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Nagaybakovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Harlem Park is a neighborhood in west Baltimore, Maryland.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
West Baltimore
Llukë Bogdani (; 16?? - 1687) was an Ottoman poet of Albanian origin.
Life
Born near Prizren he studied in the Catholic school of Yanova (now Janjevo), joined the Austrian forces during the Great Turkish War under the guidance of his cousin Archbishop Pjetër Bogdani and died near Kaçanik in 1687. An eight-line poem titled Pjetër Bogdanit, argjupeshkëpit Skupsë, kushërinit tim dashunit (Lit. To my dear cousin Pjetër Bogdani, Archbishop of Skopje) and written by Llukë Bogdani was published in the first version Cuneus Prophetarum in 1685. Pjetër Bogdani apparently polished the verses of panegyric improvised by Llukë. In later versions of the work the poem was removed as it was considered laudatory, and thus religiously inappropriate.
References
1687 deaths
People from Prizren
Albanian Roman Catholics
17th-century Albanian people
17th-century poets of the Ottoman Empire
Year of birth unknown
Albanian male poets
17th-century Albanian poets
Male poets of the Ottoman Empire
17th-century male writers
The 1926 Duquesne Dukes football team represented Duquesne University during the 1926 college football season. The head coach was Frank McDermott, coaching his first season with the Dukes.
Schedule
References
Duquesne
Duquesne Dukes football seasons
Duquesne Dukes football
Caroline Pearce (born 1 September 1981 in Cambridge, England) is an English athlete, sports host, model, published author, and is the presenter for BT Sport's UFC: Beyond The Octagon and reporter for Fox Sports and UFC Fight Pass. She played the character 'Ice' in Sky One's version of Gladiators.
Biography
Pearce competed for England in the World Pentathlon Championships at the age of 15. She had competed as a professional heptathlete in the 2004 European Cup Heptathlon Finals. Pearce has also represented Great Britain as a bobsledder in the 2005 World Bobsleigh Championships.
In 2008, Pearce was chosen to compete as a gladiator in Sky One's relaunch of the TV series Gladiators under the gladiator name "Ice", but she left the show after the first season.
Pearce has earned a first class honours degree in Sports Science and a master's degree in Physiology and Nutrition from Loughborough University. She has modelled in advertisements for Nike, Reebok, Adidas, Ron Hill and Fitness-Mad and shot with world renowned photographer Rankin. She is a published author of 'Better Body Workouts for Women' with publishers Human Kinetics and a master trainer and spokesperson for Power Plate training equipment.
Pearce has also appeared on The Friday Night Project as the "Coat of Cash wearing Celebrity".
References
1981 births
Living people
English heptathletes
British heptathletes
British female athletes
British female modern pentathletes
English female bobsledders
British female bobsledders
Gladiators (franchise)
Alumni of Loughborough University
People from Cambridge
BT Sport presenters and reporters
The Open Flemish Liberals and Democrats (, ; Open Vld) is a Flemish conservative-liberal political party in Belgium.
The party was created in 1992 from the former bilingual Party for Freedom and Progress (PVV) and politicians from other parties after Belgium was reconstituted as a federal state based on language, with the French-speaking faction forming the Reformist Movement (MR) in Wallonia. The party led the government for three cabinets under Guy Verhofstadt from 1999 until March 2008. Open VLD most recently formed the Federal Government (the so-called "Swedish government") with N-VA, CD&V and Mouvement Réformateur.
In the Flemish Parliament, the VLD formed a coalition government with sp.a-Spirit and Christian Democratic and Flemish (CD&V) from after the 2004 regional election until the 2009 regional election. Open VLD has been a member of the Leterme I Government formed on 22 March 2008, the Van Rompuy I Government formed on 2 January 2009, the Leterme II Government formed on 24 November 2009 and the Di Rupo Government formed on 6 December 2011.
Ideologically, Open VLD started as an economically liberal and somewhat libertarian Thatcherite party under its founder, Guy Verhofstadt which mirrored some of the original ideology of the PVV. The VLD rapidly became more centrist and gave up much of its free market approach, partly under the influence of Verhofstadt's political scientist brother Dirk Verhofstadt, although the VLD continued to contain conservative-libertarian and classical liberal wings with ties to think-tanks like Nova Civitas. Party chairman Bart Somers called in November 2006 for a "revolution" within the party, saying that "a liberal party", like the VLD, "can be only progressive and social".
From 2000 to 2004, during the second period of its participation in the Belgian federal government and under Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt, the VLD allegedly lost most of its ideological appeal. Several of its thinkers such as (former member) Boudewijn Bouckaert, president of Nova Civitas, heavily criticised the party. Many others, particularly from the party's conservative and Flemish autonomist wing, resented the priority it placed on the 'Belgian compromise', which enabled the French Community's Socialist Party to gain a dominant position in the formulation of Belgian federal government policy.
In 2004, the VLD teamed up with the minority social-liberal party Vivant for both the Flemish and European elections. VLD-Vivant lost the elections to arch rivals CD&V and the Flemish Bloc. The VLD fell from second to third place among the Flemish political parties, slipping narrowly behind the sp.a-Spirit cartel. Internal feuds, the support for electoral rights for immigrants and an unsuccessful economic policy were seen as the main reasons for its election defeat. From 2007 the party kept having electoral difficulties, first due to competition from split-off List Dedecker and after 2010 from the liberal-conservative Flemish-nationalist party N-VA.
History
The VLD has its origins in the Party for Freedom and Progress (which in turn was a successor to the Liberal Party), a bilingual party which stood in both the Flemish and Walloon regions of Belgium. As such the liberal party is the oldest political party of Belgium. In 1846, Walthère Frère-Orban succeeded in creating a political program which could unite several liberal groups into one party. Before 1960, the Liberal Party of Belgium was barely organised. The school pact of 1958, as a result of which the most important argument for the traditional anti-clericalism was removed, gave the necessary impetus for a thorough renewal. During the liberal party congress of 1961, the Liberal Party was reformed into the bilingual Party for Freedom and Progress (PVV-PLP), and Omer Vanaudenhove became the chairman of the new party. The new liberal party, which struggled with an anti-clerical image, opened its doors for believers, but wasn't too concerned about the situation of workers and primarily defended the interests of employers. It is a central principle of Classical Liberalism that employers and employees do NOT have opposed long term interests.
In the late 1960s and the early 1970s, the tensions between the different communities in Belgium rose and there were disagreements within the liberal movement as well. In 1972, the unitary PVV-PLP was split into separate a Flemish and a Francophone parties. On Flemish side, under the guidance of Frans Grootjans, Herman Vanderpoorten and Willy De Clercq, the PVV was created, on Walloon side Milou Jeunehomme became the head of the PLP and Brussels got its own but totally disintegrated liberal party landscape. Willy De Clercq became the first chairman of the independent Party of Freedom and Progress (, PVV). De Clercq, together with Frans Grootjans and Herman Vanderpoorten, set out the lines for the new party. This reform was coupled an Ethical Congress, on which the PVV adopted very progressive and tolerant stances regarding abortion, euthanasia, adultery, homosexuality and gender equality.
In 1982, the 29-year-old reformer Guy Verhofstadt became the chairman of the party, and even was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Budget from 1986 to 1988. Annemie Neyts succeeded him as chairman, becoming the first female party chairman. In 1989, Verhofstadt once more became the chairman of the PVV, after his party had been condemned to the opposition by the Christian People's Party (CVP) in 1987.
In 1992, the PVV was reformed into the Flemish Liberals and Democrats (Vlaamse Liberalen en Democraten, VLD) under the impulse of Verhofstadt. Although the VLD was the successor of the PVV, many politicians with democratic nationalist or socialist roots joined the new party. Notable examples are Jaak Gabriëls, then-president of the Flemish People's Union, and Hugo Coveliers. From the early 1990s, the VLD advanced in every election, only to get in government following the 1999 general election when the VLD became the largest party. Guy Verhofstadt became Prime Minister and Patrick Dewael became Minister-President of Flanders. They were both at the head of a coalition of liberals, social democrats and greens.
2007 elections
Before the 2007 general election, the VLD participated in a cartel with Vivant and Liberal Appeal. In February 2007, it decided to cease the cartel and start operating under the name Open VLD. On 10 June 2007 general elections, Open VLD won 18 out of 150 seats in the Chamber of Representatives and 5 out of 40 seats in the Senate.
2010 elections
In the 2010 general election, Open VLD won 13 out of 150 seats in the Chamber of Representatives. After the long government formation process, on 6 December 2011 the Di Rupo Government was formed, with Open VLD one of the six constituent parties.
Ideology and support
At its inception, the Open VLD was a classical liberal and somewhat right-libertarian party with support for free-markets and deregulation. Former party leader Guy Verhofstadt was compared to Margaret Thatcher in his beliefs during his time as party chairman. In the 1990s, the party switched from a libertarian to a more socially liberal position under Bart Somers. Some of the party's ideological influences have been Karl Popper, John Stuart Mill, Thomas Paine, Amartya Sen and Martha Nussbaum. The party also contained members from both social democratic and Flemish nationalist liberal-conservative backgrounds who have influenced the VLD's course, such as former Volksunie leader Jaak Gabriëls and Hugo Coveliers falling into the latter camp. Others had ties to the conservative-libertarian organization Nova Civitas, and were open to working with the Vlaams Blok and later Vlaams Belang party, although this was strongly opposed by the party leadership as a whole. Presently, the Open VLD retains an economically liberal position by supporting lower taxes and private property ownership while also closing tax loopholes. It supports a Canadian model of migration and for a more inclusive society towards immigrants, but claims not to endorse open borders and wants quicker deportation of illegal immigrants. It also retains a socially liberal stance on matters such as same-sex marriage, LGBT rights and introducing a third gender option on official documents, but also believes the government shouldn't interfere with matters related to sexuality. For a period, the party was considered the main centre-right rival to the Christian Democratic CD&V in the Flemish region and saw its highest period of support in the late 1990s and early 2000s. However, the emergence of the Flemish nationalist N-VA party and the LDD drew some of the party's conservative leaning voters away and contributed to a decline in votes. Ideological disputes also caused some of the party's more conservative and traditionalist libertarian wing such as Boudewijn Bouckaert, Jean-Marie Dedecker and Hugo Coveliers to leave the party. Dedecker later founded the LDD and Coveliers VLOTT while others joined the N-VA.
Representation in EU institutions
The party is fairly pro-European, and sits in the Renew Europe group with two MEPs.
Then-Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt (VLD) was rejected as a candidate for the presidency of the European Commission in June 2004.
In the European Committee of the Regions, Open VLD sits in the Renew Europe CoR group, with one full and two alternate members for the 2020-2025 mandate. Jean-Luc Vanraes is Coordinator in the CIVEX Commission.
Members holding notable public offices
European politics
Federal politics
Regional politics
Provincial politics
Electoral results
Chamber of Representatives
Senate
Regional
Brussels Parliament
Flemish Parliament
Provincial councils
European Parliament
International
The party is a member of the Liberal International, which was co-chaired by Annemie Neyts, member of Open VLD.
Presidents
1992–1995 Guy Verhofstadt
1995–1997 Herman De Croo
1997–1999 Guy Verhofstadt
1999–2004 Karel De Gucht
2004 Dirk Sterckx
2004–2009 Bart Somers
2009 Guy Verhofstadt
2009–2012 Alexander De Croo
2012 Vincent Van Quickenborne
2012–2020 Gwendolyn Rutten
2020– Egbert Lachaert
Notable members
Maggie De Block, Minister of Social Affairs and Health
Fons Borginon, former VLD floor leader in the Belgian Chamber of Representatives
Patricia Ceysens, former Flemish Minister of the Economy and former VLD floor leader in the Flemish Parliament
Karel De Gucht, former party leader and former Minister of Foreign Affairs
Patrick Dewael, former minister-president of Flanders and former Minister of Internal Affairs
Margriet Hermans, former member of the Flemish Parliament and senator
Marino Keulen, former Flemish Minister of Integration
Goedele Liekens, sexologist and TV presenter
Fientje Moerman, former vice-minister-president of Flanders
Annemie Neyts, former party leader, former chairwoman of the Liberal International and former party leader of the ELDR Party.
Karel Poma, former minister and member of parliament
Bart Somers, former minister-president of Flanders and former party leader
Bart Tommelein, Flemish Deputy Minister-President and Flemish Minister of Budget, Finance and Energy
Jef Valkeniers, doctor and politician
Dirk Van Mechelen, former Flemish Minister of Finance and Budget and Town and Country Planning
Vincent Van Quickenborne, former minister of economy, also responsible for the simplification of the administration
Guy Vanhengel, Brussels Minister of Finance and Budget
Guy Verhofstadt, former party leader and former prime minister
Marc Verwilghen, former minister of the Economy, Trade, Science and Energy
Notable former members
Boudewijn Bouckaert, a former VLD board member who left the party subsequently to Dedecker's exclusion, believing the party turned "left-liberal". He and Dedecker are founders of a new political party, List Dedecker, later renamed Libertarian, Direct, Democratic.
Hugo Coveliers, left the VLD to found his own political party VLOTT.
Jean-Marie Dedecker, was excluded from the VLD after several conflicts with the top of the party. He asked for an economic policy more in favour of free markets and limited government and believed that the party was too closely aligned with the Socialists. He founded the List Dedecker party, later Libertarian, Direct, Democratic.
Leo Govaerts, left the VLD to found his own political party Veilig Blauw (Safe Blue).
Ward Beysen, left the VLD to found his own political party Liberal Appeal.
Sihame El Kaouakibi, left the VLD after claims of embezzlement.
See also
Contributions to liberal theory
Liberaal Vlaams Verbond (LVV)
Liberal Flemish Students' Union
Liberal Archive
Liberal democracy
Liberales
Liberalism
Liberalism in Belgium
Liberalism worldwide
List of liberal parties
References
External links
jongvld.be
openvldvrouwen.be
Political parties established in 1992
1992 establishments in Belgium
Liberal International
Liberal parties in Belgium
Flemish political parties in Belgium
Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party member parties
Pro-European political parties in Belgium
Çatakören is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 235 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Oconee County is a county located in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 32,808. The county seat is Watkinsville.
Oconee County is included in the Athens-Clarke County, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
The county's name derives from the Oconee, a Muskogean people of central Georgia. The name exists in several variations, including Ocone, Oconi, Ocony, and Ekwoni. Oconee County was created from the southwestern part of Clarke County in 1875 by the Georgia General Assembly. The new county was created to satisfy southwestern Clarke County residents' demand for their own county after the county seat was moved from Watkinsville to Athens by the General Assembly in 1872. It is named for the river flowing along part of its eastern border.
The county was ranked as the third-best rural county to live in by Progressive Farmer magazine in 2006.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.1%) is water. The county is located in the Piedmont region of the state.
The entirety of Oconee County is located in the Upper Oconee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin.
Adjacent counties
Clarke County (north)
Oglethorpe County (east)
Greene County (southeast)
Morgan County (south)
Walton County (west)
Barrow County (northwest)
National protected area
Oconee National Forest (part)
Transportation
Major highways
U.S. Route 29
U.S. Route 78
U.S. Route 78 Business
U.S. Route 129
U.S. Route 129 Business
U.S. Route 441
U.S. Route 441 Business
State Route 8
State Route 10
State Route 10 Loop
State Route 15
State Route 24
State Route 24 Business
State Route 53
State Route 186
State Route 316
State Route 422
Pedestrians and cycling
The city has limited walkability options available. However, since 2017 plans are being discussed to develop a multi-use trail network.
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 41,799 people, 13,423 households, and 10,727 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 32,808 people, 11,622 households, and 9,346 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 12,383 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 88.4% white, 5.0% black or African American, 3.1% Asian, 0.1% American Indian, 2.0% from other races, and 1.4% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.4% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 19.9% were English, 14.7% were American, 13.3% were Irish, and 12.2% were German.
Of the 11,622 households, 43.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.4% were married couples living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 19.6% were non-families, and 16.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.16. The median age was 39.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $74,352 and the median income for a family was $85,371. Males had a median income of $57,303 versus $39,375 for females. The per capita income for the county was $34,271. About 6.3% of families and 7.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.1% of those under age 18 and 8.4% of those age 65 or over.
In 2012, the Wisconsin Population Health Institute ranked Oconee County as one of the top 3 healthiest counties in Georgia. The study ranked the county second in the state in "Overall Health Factors" and third in "Overall Health Outcomes."
Government
Oconee County is governed by a four-member Board of Commissioners, which holds legislative power. The Board is led by a separately-elected Chairman, who holds executive power. The Board is vested with budget and taxing authority, ordinance making authority, and control of county property, roads and facilities. The chairman and all members of the board are elected from at-large districts (called "posts") to staggered terms of four years.
The Chairman of the Board is the county's Chief Executive Officer who, in consultation with the Commissioners, appoints officers and staff as needed to administer the responsibilities of the Board.
The current members of the Board are:
Chairman: John Daniell
Post 1: Mark Thomas
Post 2: Chuck Horton
Post 3: Amrey Harden
Post 4: Mark Saxon
The judicial branch of government is administered through the Georgia court system as a part of the 10th Judicial District, Western Circuit.
Primary law enforcement services in the portion of the county outside the City of Watkinsville are provided by the Sheriff's office. (Law enforcement within the Watkinsville City Limits is the jurisdiction of the Watkinsville Police Department.) The office of Sheriff is an elected position; since 2020, the office has been held by James Hale.
Politics
Education
Oconee County School District
The Oconee County School District provides education for grades pre-school to twelve and consists of six elementary schools, two middle schools, and two high schools. The district has 361 full-time teachers and over 5,615 students.
Private schools
There are currently three private schools located in the county. They are:
Westminster Christian Academy
Prince Avenue Christian School
Athens Academy
Colleges and universities
The University of North Georgia maintains a satellite campus near Watkinsville. It was a Gainesville State College campus until the 2012 merger of Gainesville State College with North Georgia College and State University.
The Athens College of Ministry (ACMin) is a private Christian college that was established in 2012 near Watkinsville. ACMin currently offers certificates, undergraduate, and graduate degrees in nine various major areas.
Media
There is one weekly-published newspaper in Oconee County: The Oconee Enterprise.
Cox Media Group also operates a radio broadcast facility on Tower Place in northeast Oconee County. Four radio stations are operated from this facility:
WNGC 106.1 FM
WGMG 102.1 FM (Magic 102.1)
WPUP 100.1 FM (Power 100.1)
WRFC 960 AM (The Ref)
Communities
Bishop
Bogart
Farmington
North High Shoals
Watkinsville
Notable people
Nathan Crawford Barnett, member of the Georgia House of Representatives and Georgia Secretary of State for more than 30 years.
John Berry, country music singer
Phil Campbell, farmer
Colt Ford, country music singer and professional golfer
Lottie Moon, Southern Baptist missionary who spend nearly 40 years working in China
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oconee County, Georgia
References
External links
Oconee County Tourism Official Website
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Georgia placenames of Native American origin
Athens – Clarke County metropolitan area
1875 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1875
Leonardo II Tocco (1375/76 – 1418/19) was a scion of the Tocco family and lord of Zakynthos, who played an important role as a military leader for his brother, Carlo I Tocco, in early 15th-century western Greece.
Biography
Leonardo was the second son and youngest child of Leonardo I Tocco, the Count palatine of the islands of Cephalonia and Zakynthos and lord of Ithaca and Leucas, and his wife, Maddalena dei Buondelmonti. His older siblings were Carlo I Tocco and Petronila, wife of Nicola Venier, the Venetian bailli of Negroponte.
Leonardo's father died while he was still an infant, and for the next few years, his mother acted as regent for both her sons. His brother Carlo I gave the island of Zakynthos to him as an appanage in 1399, and Leonardo also received lands in the Principality of Achaea by Prince Pedro de San Superano. Little is known of him otherwise until ca. 1404–1406, when he took part in Carlo's attacks on the Epirote mainland around Arta. Leonardo's and Carlo's exploits over the next decades are the main subject of the Chronicle of the Tocco. In 1407, Leonardo attacked the new Prince of Achaea, Centurione II Zaccaria, who had seized his fiefs in the Morea in 1404, and conquered Glarentza, the principality's main town.
In 1411 Carlo took possession of Ioannina in Epirus following the death of the Despot of Epirus Esau de' Buondelmonti; Leonardo too joined his brother there, and in the same summer he conquered and razed the Albanian-held fortress of Lachanokastron. In the next year, however, he was defeated by the Albanians at Kranea near Mesopotamon. In 1413, warfare between the Tocchi and Centurione Zaccaria resumed, and this time the latter prevailed. Leonardo campaigned against Zaccaria in 1413, but in summer 1414, he was sent by Carlo to Corinth, where the Byzantine emperor Manuel II Palaiologos supervised repairs to the Hexamilion wall. The emperor awarded Leonardo with the high court dignity of megas konostaulos, but enjoined both brothers to seek peace with Zaccaria. The brothers appealed to Venice, and with her mediation concluded three-year truce was agreed which left Glarentza once again under Achaean control.
Carlo now appointed his brother as governor over the Tocco-ruled islands as well as Acarnania with Vonitsa. On 4 October 1416, Leonardo conquered the town of Rogoi. This was followed soon after by the capture of Arta by his brother, and Leonardo was appointed the city's governor. In 1418, he fought against the attacks of the Ottoman Turks, and visited King Ladislaus of Naples. He died soon after at Zakynthos.
Family
The name and identity of Leonardo's wife is unknown, but he had several children:
Carlo II Tocco, who succeeded his uncle Carlo I
Maddalena Tocco, who in 1429 married the Despot of the Morea (and future last Byzantine emperor), Constantine XI Palaiologos
Angelica Tocco, who married Giacomo de Ariano
Creusa Tocco, who married Centurione II Zaccaria
References
Sources
1370s births
1410s deaths
Tocco family
County palatine of Cephalonia and Zakynthos
Despotate of Epirus
History of Zakynthos
Lords of the Crusader states
History of Aetolia-Acarnania
14th-century Venetian people
15th-century Venetian people
Megaloi konostauloi
Botswana competed at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships in Budapest, Hungary from 18 June to 3 July.
Swimming
Botswana swimmers have achieved qualifying standards in the following events.
References
Nations at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships
Botswana at the World Aquatics Championships
World Aquatics Championships
219 (two hundred [and] nineteen) is the natural number following 218 and preceding 220.
In mathematics
219 is a happy number.
Mertens function(219) = 4, a record high.
There are 219 partially ordered sets on four labeled elements.
219 is the smallest number that can be represented as a sum of four positive cubes in two different ways.
There are 219 different space groups, discrete and full-dimensional sets of symmetries of three-dimensional space or of crystal structures.
References
Integers
Baltasar Silva (born November 19, 1984 in Tacuarembó, Uruguay) is a former Uruguayan footballer whose last team was Tacuarembó.
External links
Profile at BDFA
Profile at Tenfield Digital
1984 births
Living people
People from Tacuarembó Department
Uruguayan footballers
Uruguayan expatriate footballers
Club Atlético River Plate (Montevideo) players
Tacuarembó F.C. players
Peñarol players
Juventud Unida de Gualeguaychú players
Club Plaza Colonia de Deportes players
C.A. Cerro players
Association football defenders
Uruguayan expatriate sportspeople in Argentina
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
The 2013–14 Barako Bull Energy is the 12th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Key dates
October 30: Rajko Toroman was relieved as active consultant and assistant coach of the team.
November 3: The 2013 PBA Draft took place in Midtown Atrium, Robinson Place Manila.
April 21: Bong Ramos is replaced by Siot Tanquincen as head coach.
Draft picks
Roster
S
Philippine Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Commissioner's Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Governors' Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Bracket
Transactions
Trades
Pre-season
Recruited imports
References
Barako Bull Energy seasons
Barako Bull Energy Cola Season, 2013-14
Julie Wood was a Franco-Belgian comics series drawn and written by French cartoonist Jean Graton between 1976 and 1980. It centered around a young female motorcyclist, Julie Wood. When the series ended the character was introduced in Graton's other, more famous, comics series Michel Vaillant.
The character was portrayed by German actress Diane Kruger in the 2003 film adaptation of Michel Vaillant.
Overview
Founded in 1976 by Jean Graton, these series found an audience among bikers and other comics fans. Julie Wood was regularly published in the comics magazine Super As. The albums were published from 1976 to 1979 by Dargaud, and in 1979 and 1980 by Fleurus. The series consists of 8 albums plus 2 advertising albums. After 1980 the heroine was featured in the series Michel Vaillant in 1982, in which she becomes the bride of Steve Warson from the album Paris-Dakar.
Albums
Une fille nommée Julie Wood
Défends-toi Julie
500 fous au départ
Pas de cadeau pour Julie
Le motard maudit
Un ours, un singe...et un side-car
Ouragan sur Daytona
Bol d'or
External links
Graton éditeur official website
French comics
Wood, Julie
1976 comics debuts
1980 comics endings
Wood, Julie
Adventure comics
Motorsports comics
Wood, Julie
Dargaud titles
Wood, Julie
Michel Vaillant
The Energy Brix Power Station was a brown coalfired thermal power station located at Morwell, in Victoria, Australia. The power station was used to supply electricity for the retail market, as well as the production of briquettes in the adjacent Energy Brix briquette works. It was shut down in August 2014 and is currently the earliest surviving large-scale power station designed to provide electricity to the state electricity network.
History
Work on the power station and briquette works commenced in 1949 by the State Electricity Commission of Victoria (SECV), when field works on the Morwell open cut mine commenced, and briquette production equipment was ordered from Germany.
The SECV expected the first briquette factory to start operating in 1953. But by 1952, the whole project had come to a halt. The recession of 1951 with its credit restrictions had resulted in dismissal of half of the workforce, while equipment for the first two factories lay in limbo at the site. Delivery of the further two factories had been deferred.
In 1955 the project was recommenced. Although the SECV decided to persevere with the first two briquette factories, it cancelled the orders for the planned third and fourth, halving the capacity of briquette production before it had even bugun. The Morwell project's priorities were now changed from briquetting to electrical power generation.
Originally known as the Morwell Power Station, production at the plant started in 1956, with the briquettes produced used for domestic and industrial use, as well as town gas production for Melbourne at an adjacent gasworks by the Gas and Fuel Corporation of Victoria. Morwell Station consisted of one Low Pressure 20MW Metropolitan Vickers axial turbine, three High Pressure 30MW Metropolitan Vickers axial turbo generators and one 60MW (Total) Stal Laval cotra-rotating radial turbine. Steam was supplied by pulverized brown coal-fired boilers made by Mitchell. Eight Boilers supplied 8.7MPa 490Celsious Super Heated High Pressure Steam into a Range that supplied the Three 30MW Metropolitan Vickers Turbines which exhaust of those turbines went into a process main (300Kpa 175Celsious). The Process Main supplied steam to the LP 20MW Metropolitan Vickers Turbine (Which had a condenser and was attached to Marley Forced Draft American Redwood Cooling Towers North of the Power Station and Briquette Factory) and up to 24 Briquette Factory Driers. 8.7MPa 490Celsious Super Heated High Pressure Steam out of the range from the Eight Boilers also supplied steam to the Stal Laval cotra-rotating radial turbine which had a condenser and Marley Forced Draft American Redwood Cooling Towers south of the Power Station.
It was unexpectedly discovered that coal from the Morwell open cut mine, with its high alkali and sulphur content, was not suitable for briquetting. The briquettes deteriorated quickly and fouled the boilers. In order to produce usable briquettes, Yallourn coal had to be transported to supply the Morwell briquette factories on the interconnecting railway, which was an additional cost. At this time, a decline in demand for briquettes was becoming evident, due to competition from oil, electricity for domestic heating, and several years later, the discovery of natural gas in Bass Strait.
The same year the station and briquette factory came into production (1956), the SEC announced a new, much larger power station - Hazelwood Power Station, was to be built to the south of the Morwell Open Cut.
On Boxing Day 2003 a fire destroyed the coal cross-over conveyor that fed B, C & D briquette plants. Following the fire, only A plant continued in operation, effectively operating at 1/8th of intended capacity until closure.
The Briquette Factory was taken off for the last time in August 2014. The last boiler and turbine in the power station was taken off on 8 September 2014. Around 75 people lost their jobs not including many more employees that were not directly employed by the Briquette Factory and Power Station. In its heyday the "Morwell Briquette and Power" as it was then known employed around 1000 people and the power station was designed to be what's known as an "Island Station", which meant it could be used to supply power needed to run start up plant at other power stations in the area if for some reason they all were temporarily shut down.
Privatisation
The power station and briquette works were split from the SECV in November 1993, when former Morwell Briquette and Power division was established as a government business enterprise named Energy Brix Australia. At the time of the split, the plant employed 370 people, and exported of briquettes to Germany, Slovenia, Korea, Japan, New Zealand and Cyprus. Energy Brix Australia was sold on 4 August 1996. In February 2006 a licence was granted to the company for the retail sale of electricity from its plant.
Process
Heat was reclaimed from the turbine bled steam produced by electricity generation, and used to dry brown coal from up to 65% moisture down to 10% for use in coal briquettes manufactured on the site for both domestic consumption and export. The Energy Brix power station has five steam turbines with a combined generation capacity of . The power station sourced raw brown coal for briquette production via train from the Yallourn and Loy Yang open cut mines, and it's steaming coal for power generation from the Morwell open cut mine.
Carbon Monitoring for Action estimates this power station emits of greenhouse gases each year as a result of burning coal. The Australian Government has announced the introduction of a Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme commencing in 2010 to help combat climate change. It is expected to impact on emissions from power stations. The National Pollutant Inventory provides details of other pollutant emissions, but, as at 23 November 2008, not .
See also
List of power stations in Victoria
State Electricity Commission of Victoria
References
External links
Energy Brix Australia
Coal-fired power stations in Victoria (Australia)
Morwell, Victoria
1959 establishments in Australia
2014 disestablishments in Australia
Energy infrastructure completed in 1959
Victorian Heritage Register
City of Latrobe
Matti Tapio Oivanen (born 26 May 1986 in Huittinen) is a Finnish volleyball player, a member of Finland men's national volleyball team and Finnish club Hurrikaani Loimaa. His twin brother is Mikko Oivanen also volleyball player.
Career
Matti Oivanen was born on 26 May 1986 in Huittinen, Finland, the same day as his brother Mikko Oivanen. He began his volleyball career with his brother, playing for Kiikoisten Kirma. During this time, the pair was selected by coaches for the Finland youth national volleyball team. They moved to Kuortane, Finland, to attend high school, where they trained with the national team until graduation. Oivanen and his brother also played with Vammalan Lentopallo during their last years of high school, until they graduated in 2004.
Raision Loimu
After leaving Kuortane in 2004, Oivanen signed a contract with the Raision Loimu team, which plays in the Finland volleyball league. While there, he helped the team achieve fourth place in the league championship. During his second season, he helped the team make it to the finals, where they lost to Napapiirin Palloketut.
Pielaveden Sampo
After two seasons with Loimu, Oivanen left the team and signed with Pielaveden Sampo. His brother signed with Rovaniemen Santasport, marking the first time the two had separated since they started playing volleyball years earlier. Oivanen helped Sampo win the Finland Cup Championship, while they lost the Finland league championship. During his second season with the team, he led them to the Finland Cup Championship, but lost in the finals to Santasport.
Beauvais Oise
During the 2008–2009 season, Oivanen played in France's Pro A league with Beauvais OUC.
Copra Berni Piacenza
In 2009–2010 season, Oivanen plays with the Italian Volleyball League club Copra Berni Piacenza.
Yoga Volley Forlì
During the 2010–2011 season, Matti will play in the A1 Italian League with Yoga Volley Forlì 1975.
In 2013/2014 was a player of Polish team Indykpol AZS Olsztyn.
National team
Oivanen's first game as a member of the Finland men's national volleyball team was against Germany in the summer of 2005. That year, Finland made it to the Men's European Volleyball League finals and won second place. During the 2007 Men's European Volleyball Championship, the Finland national team won fourth place.
Achievements
Henkilökohtaiset:
Finland league All-Stars player 2008
Best server on the Finland league 2008
Sport Channel All-Stars player Finland league 2008
Best newcomer player on the Finland league 2004
Maajoukkueessa:
European Championships 4. place 2007
European league silver medal 2005
SM-liigassa:
Finland league silver 2007, 2008
Finland Cup Champion 2004, 2006–2007
References
External links
PlusLiga player profile
1986 births
Living people
People from Huittinen
Finnish men's volleyball players
Finnish expatriates in Italy
Finnish expatriates in Russia
Expatriate volleyball players in Russia
Finnish expatriates in France
Expatriate volleyball players in France
Finnish expatriates in Poland
Expatriate volleyball players in Poland
AZS Olsztyn players
Sportspeople from Satakunta
The Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach Edition was an edition of the music of C.P.E. Bach projected between 1982 and 1995. Many noted musical scholars, such as Christopher Hogwood, were participants in it, and it had the support of the National Endowment for the Humanities.
Unfortunately, although musicologist and contributor David Schulenberg (fr) states that several volumes were prepared by their designated editors, only four volumes ever saw publication, and at present these are out of print. (These four volumes were published by Oxford University Press.)
However, many of the same Emanuel Bach specialists involved in this abandoned edition are now involved in the preparation of Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach: The Complete Works, an edition of C.P.E. Bach's music started in 2005.
See also
Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach: The Complete Works
Sources
Prof. David Schulenberg's page on Emanuel Bach's Concerto Wq. 24, including most of the information summarized above about the fate of the Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach Edition.
Rachel W. Wade, "Filiation and the Editing of Revised and Alternate Versions: Implications for the C.P.E. Bach Edition," in Stephen L. Clark, ed., C.P.E. Bach Studies (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1988), , pp. 277-94.
Christopher Hogwood's curriculum vitae from his website (Source of statement regarding his involvement).
Bach, CPE
"Hickory Wind" is a song written by country rock artist Gram Parsons and former International Submarine Band member Bob Buchanan. The song was written on a train ride the pair took from Florida to Los Angeles in early 1968, and first appeared on The Byrds' Sweetheart of the Rodeo album. Despite Buchanan's input, "Hickory Wind" is generally considered to be Parsons' signature song. Parsons' decision to play "Hickory Wind" instead of the planned Merle Haggard cover "Life in Prison" during The Byrds' performance at the Grand Ole Opry on March 15, 1968 "pissed off the country music establishment" and stunned Opry regulars to such an extent that the song is now considered essential to Parsons' legend.
Johnny Rogan, in his book The Byrds: Timeless Flight Revisited, offers the following interpretation for the song: "The alluring 'Hickory Wind' serves as a powerful image for Parsons' bittersweet nostalgia, as he imagines an Edenic childhood of simple pleasures like climbing trees. During successive verses, he reflects on the pursuit of fame, the curse of wealth without spiritual satisfaction, and the perils of city life. What really makes the song, however, is Parsons' aching vocal performance, set against a superb steel guitar backing, whose whining combines with his yearning voice to create a mood of unbearable poignancy." Chris Hillman, Parsons' partner in The Byrds and later The Flying Burrito Brothers, offers the following interpretation of the song:
It's his [Parsons'] signature song, just as 'I'll Feel a Whole Lot Better' is Gene Clark's signature song. If Gram had never written another song, "Hickory Wind" would have put him on the map. The song says it all – it's very descriptive, with vivid imagery. It's actually quite literary, but Gram was, we know, was a very bright kid. If you know the guy's life story, however he conjured up that scenario – it's right at home. Gram was shuffled off to a prep school, lots of money... that's a lonely song. He was a lonely kid.
Parsons first recorded "Hickory Wind" with The Byrds on March 9, 1968, at Columbia Records' Nashville recording studios during sessions for the Sweetheart of the Rodeo album. The song features the noted session musicians Lloyd Green on pedal steel guitar and John Hartford on fiddle. In addition, Parsons plays acoustic guitar and piano, with bass, banjo and drums being played by Chris Hillman, Roger McGuinn and Kevin Kelley respectively. Although the song is often regarded as one of the best of Parsons' career, it was not released as a single. The song was re-recorded for Parsons' 1974 album, Grievous Angel, as part of the "Medley Live from Northern Quebec", along with the song "Cash on the Barrelhead".
Authorship controversy
In 2002, an article on the website www.folklinks.com controversially claimed that "Hickory Wind" was not written by Gram Parsons, but by Sylvia Sammons—a blind folksinger from Greenville, South Carolina—with Bob Buchanan later contributing an additional verse. Sammons' alleged authorship of the song was first made public by traditional musician Kay Justice during a performance at a small church concert in southwest Virginia. Additionally, L. Beatrice Hutzler, a former professor at Clinch Valley College (now the University of Virginia's College at Wise), recalled that she too had heard Sammons sing the song in person prior to its being recorded by The Byrds.
When interviewed in 2002, Sammons claimed that she had written the song and that she regularly performed "Hickory Wind" at coffeehouses and other folk venues in Greenville during 1963—a time when Parsons was also performing in Greenville with his band The Shilos—and that her song was stolen during this period. She further claims that in 1969 she reached a cash settlement with a music publisher for the rights to "Hickory Wind" and agreed to turn over a tape-recorded copy of the song, which was her only physical proof of authorship.
Sammons' claim to the song has been rebutted by both Bob Buchanan and Chris Hillman, with the latter stating "As far as I know Gram and Bob Buchanan did indeed write 'Hickory Wind'. As unstable as Gram was in my brief time with him on this earth, I sincerely doubt he was a plagiarist in any of his songwriting endeavors unless his co-writer Bob brought him the idea." Although many people have chosen to dismiss Sammons' claim, citing a lack of any physical proof on her part, the controversy surrounding the authorship of "Hickory Wind" remains.
Calling her claim further into doubt, it appears that in a 1993 Orlando Sentinel article, a woman with the same name, Sylvia Sammons, stated she was a blind, 42 year old folk singer from a small town in North Carolina, who had been performing "for 12 years on the coffeehouse circuit," or since 1981; this would have made her aged 12–13, living in a different state, and nearly 20 years away from her first performance on "the coffeehouse circuit" at the time she later claimed to have written the song.
Covers
"Hickory Wind" was covered by Joan Baez on her 1969 release, David's Album. Parsons' friend and one-time musical partner Emmylou Harris also covered it on her 1979 album Blue Kentucky Girl. Richard Thompson, Clive Gregson, and Christine Collister also recorded a cover of the song for the 1989 Byrds' tribute album, Time Between – A Tribute to The Byrds. Grant Lee Phillips recorded his cover version for his Virginia Creeper album. The Seldom Scene covered "Hickory Wind" on the live album Blue Grass: The Greatest Show On Earth recorded at a concert in 1980 and released in 1986 with members of The Country Gentlemen and J. D. Crowe and the New South. Ryan Adams & the Cardinals covered the song numerous times in concert. Lucinda Williams has covered the song twice: once on Cayamo: Sessions at Sea, an album by Buddy Miller, and again on a tribute album to Harris entitled: The Life & Songs of Emmylou Harris. BR5-49 recorded the song on their 1996 self-titled album.
References
1968 songs
The Byrds songs
Gram Parsons songs
Joan Baez songs
Song recordings produced by Gary Usher
Galegeeska is a genus of elephant shrew (or sengi) in the family Macroscelididae.
Members in this genus were formerly classified in the genus Elephantulus, but later studies found the Somali and rufous sengis to be the sister taxa of the clade containing the genera Petrodromus and Petrosaltator; due to this, the genus Galegeeska was coined for the Somali and later the rufous sengi. The split with the Petrodromus-Petrosaltator clade is estimated to have occurred about 20.6 million years ago.
Galegeeska translates to "weasel of the horn". In the Somali language, means corner or horn, as in the Horn of Africa. in Ancient Greek means weasel, and has been used in other small mammal taxa. 'Gale' also honours one of the authors, Galen B. Rathbun (1944-2019) who searched for the Somali sengi and devoted several decades of research into sengi biology.
It contains two species;
Somali elephant shrew, Galegeeska revoilii
Rufous elephant shrew, Galegeeska rufescens
Research of the Galegeeska genus shows three specific traits (apomorphies) that are unique to the Galegeeska. These three traits includes specifically hairy rhinarium below, fully developed pectoral gland, and y-shaped sulci of the dorsal openeings of the stapedial artery. The Galegeeska also tend to have an absence of bicolored tail where the Gelegeeska revoilii have a white tail an the Galegeeska rufescens have a dark brown tail.
References
Elephant shrews
Mammal genera
Lewis James Hatchett (born 21 January 1990) is an English former cricketer. Hatchett is a left-handed batsman who bowls left-arm medium-fast. He was born at Shoreham-by-Sea, Sussex, and was educated at Steyning Grammar School. He was born with Poland syndrome, meaning that he was born without a right pectoral muscle and two ribs.
Hatchett made his first-class debut for Sussex against Cambridge MCCU at Fenner's in May 2010. He claimed his maiden first-class wickets during the match, with the wickets of Stephen Gray and Anand Ashok in Cambridge MCCU's first-innings and Rob Woolley and Peter Turnbull in their second-innings. In July 2010, he made two appearances in the County Championship against Middlesex and Leicestershire. It was against Leicestershire that he claimed his maiden five wicket haul, with figures of 5/47 in Leicestershire's first-innings. He made one further appearance in that season's County Championship, against Worcestershire. At the end of that season, he signed a three-year contract with Sussex, with coach Mark Davis stating "He's an exciting prospect, a left-armer who swings the ball and he's destined for a long and successful career."
When not on Sussex duty, Lewis has played club cricket for East Grinstead Cricket Club in West Sussex, since 2009.
He made just one first-class appearance in 2011, against Oxford MCCU at the University Parks; he again made a single first-class appearance the following year, against Surrey in the County Championship at The Oval.
In September 2016 he retired from cricket following medical advice.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
People from Shoreham-by-Sea
English cricketers
Sussex cricketers
Elena Vyacheslavovna Eremina (, pron. Yelena Vyacheslavovna Yeryomina, born 29 July 2001) is a retired Russian artistic gymnast. She is the 2017 World all-around bronze medalist and the 2016 European junior all-around champion.
Personal life
Eremina has an official YouTube account on which she makes vlogs. She has 2 older sisters and her family lives in St. Petersburg.
Gymnastics career
Junior
2012–2014
Eremina's elite debut came at the 2012 Dityatin Cup, where she placed sixteenth in the all-around. She returned to the Dityatin Cup the following year and took home team, all-around, and uneven bars gold medals, a balance beam bronze medal, and placed fourth on floor exercise. She competed at the Russian Hopes competition, winning vault, uneven bars, and balance beam, and placing fifth in the all-around and sixth with her team. Her international debut came at the Pas de Calais International in France, where she won all-around, uneven bars, balance beam, and floor exercise gold, team silver, and vault bronze medals.
2015
Eremina competed at the Junior Russian Championships on April 1–4, 2015. She placed 4th with her team, and individually placed 4th in the all-around, won a gold on the vault, a bronze on the uneven bars, a silver on the balance beam, and placed 6th on the floor
2016
Eremina competed at the 2016 European Championships where she became the all-around champion. She qualified in 3 apparatus finals finishing 6th in vault, 8th in floor and a bronze medal in balance beam. With her late July 2001 birthdate, Eremina becomes a senior elite gymnast in 2017, missing the 2016 Rio Olympics by almost eight months.
Senior
2017
Eremina made her senior debut at the 2017 Russian Artistic Gymnastics Championships. On the first day of competition she helped her team to win the bronze medal, and earning the top all around score after the first day. Her performance also earned her spots in all event finals with the exception of vault. On the second day of competition, the all around final, she dropped to second place after falling on both bars and beam, allowing Natalia Kapitonova to win the title. In event finals, Eremina finished 5th with a clean routine on the uneven bars, suffered another fall on beam to finish 5th, and then clinched silver in the floor exercise after a clean, but relatively easy routine. She was selected to compete at the Team competition in Stuttgart. In the qualifying round, she had mistakes on vault, fell on bars, and completed solid routines on beam and floor to help place Russia second after the first round. In the final she did a slightly better vault, a clean routine on bars and beam, but had a fall on floor to help Russia win the team competition.
She was selected as a part of the Russian team for the 2017 European Championships alongside Olympic alternate Natalia Kapitonova and Olympic medalists Angelina Melnikova and Maria Paseka. She was the only first year senior on the Russian team. In qualifying, she had clean routines on all of the events except beam, where she fell. Her performances qualified her 4th in the all around, 3rd in the uneven bars and 3rd in the floor exercise. She was the top Russian qualifier to the all around. In the all around final, she performed well on both the vault and uneven bars, putting her in 3rd halfway through the competition. However, a fall on beam hurt her chances. Even with the fall, she was still in 3rd place after 3 rotations. On floor she performed another clean routine, but a high scoring vault from France's Melanie De Jesus Dos Santos meant that Eremina would finish just off the podium, in 4th. The next day Eremina competed in the uneven bars final. She had a clean routine for a score of a 14.3, good enough to win silver behind Nina Derwael of Belgium.
On August 23–27, Eremina competed at the Russian Cup held in Ekaterinburg, she won silver medals in the all-around, team, uneven bars, floor exercise and a bronze in balance beam. After the competition, was selected to represent Russia at the World Championships, along with Angelina Melnikova, Maria Paseka and Anastasia Ilyankova.
In Montréal, Eremina competed in the all-around on the first day of competition, qualifying in fifth for the all-around final (54.999), sixth for the balance beam final (13.233), and first to the uneven bars final, with the highest score of 15.100. In the all around, she did a clean vault, beam and floor. Her only major mistake came on the uneven bars where she received a half point deduction for buckling her knees on the way up to a handstand. However, she still managed to win the bronze medal, her first international all-around medal. The next day in the Uneven Bars final, she went in qualified in first, but she won the silver medal after world champion Fan Yilin of China upgraded her routine to defend her title.
2018
In February, Eremina underwent spinal surgery in Munich in order to stabilise her two lumbar vertebrae. Because of this, she announced that she would resume training around August, and would miss the 2018 European and World Championships. In May, Eremina was seen at Round Lake and went to the national team training camp in Mallorca. Following the 2018 European Championships head coach of the Russian program, Valentina Rodionenko, commented that Eremina had begun training seriously again, but that she would not be considered for World Championships selection due to a lack of preparation and as not to risk further injury.
2019
In March, Eremina attended the Russian Championships with downgraded routines, placing 16th in the all around qualifications. All of Eremina's scores were in the 12s, with a 12.966 on bars her highest. In June she competed at the Korea Cup. She finished eighth on floor exercise, seventh on balance beam, and fifth on uneven bars. Once again her highest score came on uneven bars with a 12.000.
In August Eremina competed at the Russian Cup. After two days of competition she finished tenth in the all-around competition. In November she competed at the 2019 Voronin Cup where she won silver on uneven bars behind Anastasia Agafonova and placed fourth on balance beam.
Competitive history
International Scores
References
External links
at sportgymrus.ru
2001 births
Living people
Russian female artistic gymnasts
Gymnasts from Saint Petersburg
Medalists at the World Artistic Gymnastics Championships
In peak bagging terminology in the United States, the Southern Sixers refers to the group of mountains in the southern states of North Carolina and Tennessee with elevations above sea level of at least six thousand feet (1829 m). The southern sixers are the tallest group of mountains in the eastern United States and the only peaks in the Appalachian Mountains besides New Hampshire's Mount Washington to exceed 6,000 feet.
Most of these mountains are located in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park (abbreviated GSMNP in the list), Mount Mitchell State Park (MMSP), along the Blue Ridge Parkway (BRP), or in the Cherokee or Pisgah National Forest. There are a few, though, that are located on private property. All of these mountains are located within of the North Carolina - Tennessee border, with 12 on the state border itself and many more on various county borders.
Those who complete a list of 40 of these peaks are awarded membership in the South Beyond 6000 club.
List of Southern Sixers
Map
The locator map below shows the locations of those Southern Sixers with more than one thousand feet of topographic prominence or considerable isolation.
See also
List of mountains in North Carolina
List of mountains of the United States
References
Peakbagger
Tarheel High Points
Tennessee 1,000' Prominence
External links
Mount Mitchell State Park
Great Smoky Mountains National Park
Blue Ridge Parkway
Cherokee National Forest
Blue Ridge Mountains
Mountains of North Carolina
Mountains of Tennessee
Peak bagging in the United States
Alen Győrfi is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Hungary. In 2018 he will race in the Alpe-Adria Superstock 600 Championship aboard a Yamaha YZF-R6.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position, races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1989 births
Living people
Hungarian motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
250cc World Championship riders
FIM Superstock 1000 Cup riders
Supersport World Championship riders
Dahin may refer to:
Daheen, a popular dessert in Iraq
Strained yogurt
Dahin, Iran, a village in Tehran Province, Iran
Haine is a 1980 French drama film directed by Dominique Goult and starring Klaus Kinski.
Cast
Klaus Kinski as Le motard
Maria Schneider as Madeleine
Patrice Melennec as Le camionneur
Évelyne Bouix as La serveuse
Katia Tchenko as La mère
Paulette Frantz as La patronne du bistro
Gérard Boucaron as Bingo
Georges Werler as Le père
Jean-Simon Prévost as Le maire
Bernard Cazassus as Un paysan
Jean-Pierre Laurent as Le patron du café
References
External links
1980 films
French drama films
1980s French-language films
1980 drama films
1980s French films
Mussington is a surname. Notable people with the name include:
Ian Mussington (born 1967), American musician
Louis Mussington, French politician
See also
Thrussington
Spirit of the West may refer to:
Spirit of the West, a Canadian alternative rock band
Spirit of the West (album), their debut album
Spirit of the West (film), a 1932 American western
Spirit of the West (train), a former Australian restaurant train
Kay-Arne Arvid Wiestål (16 October 1940 – 14 November 2020) was a Swedish footballer and entrepreneur.
Career
Wiestål played for Djurgårdens IF and won Allsvenskan in 1966. He later played in the North American Soccer League for Oakland Clippers and St. Louis Stars. In 1970, he joined Ope IF as playing manager.
Death
Kay Wiestål died on 14 November 2020, at the age of 80, from COVID-19.
Honours
Club
Djurgårdens IF
Allsvenskan: 1966
References
Swedish footballers
Swedish football managers
Allsvenskan players
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
Oakland Clippers players
St. Louis Stars (soccer) players
Kalmar FF managers
1940 births
2020 deaths
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) players
Association footballers not categorized by position
Swedish expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Sweden
The 2016 Auckland local board elections were held as part of the 2016 New Zealand local elections;
145 members were elected to local boards.
Summary of Results
Excludes the Wairoa subdivision of Franklin
References
Auckland
2010s in Auckland
Birger Gregersson (Latin: Birgerus Gregorii) (c. 1327 – 11 March 1383) was Archbishop of Uppsala from 1366 until his death 1383.
Biography
Birger Gregersson was probably born the son of Greger Jonsson av Malstaätten of Norrtälje-Malsta parish in Uppland.
He was vicar of Österhaninge and then priest in Uppsala. He was canon of Strängnäs Cathedral from 1342 and dean of Uppsala Cathedral from 1356. He was a supporter of King Albrekt (c. 1338–1412) who appointed him chancellor. In 1365, Birger Gregersson is mentioned in the Diplomatarium Fennicum. In 1366, Birger Gregersson was elected archbishop of Uppsala diocese. He is considered one of the most important Swedish writers in the Middle Ages.
He wrote a biography of Saint Birgitta (c. 1303–1373) and hymns to her and in honor of 12th-century missionary Saint Botvid (died ca 1120).
See also
List of Archbishops of Uppsala
References
Other sources
Birger Gregersson Nordisk familjebok
Roman Catholic archbishops of Uppsala
14th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in Sweden
Swedish male writers
1327 births
1383 deaths
People from Uppland
The Oshaktas Steles is a historical monument, which is located in the State National Natural Park "Altyn-Emel" in Almaty region Republic of Kazakhstan.
Description
The Oshaktas stone steles located near the mountains of Kalkan in open foothill plains. The historical monument of Oshaktas is 3 blocks of stone about 2 meters high, which are installed vertically.
There are 2 versions of the monument formation.
According to the first legend, in 1219, the Mongol conqueror Genghis Khan, during his campaign to conquer Central Asia, set up a camp near the Mynbulak cordon. A giant cauldron was set up on the rocks where food was prepared.
According to the second version, "Oshaktas" designed as a signal tower, where a fire lit in case of approaching enemies.
References
External links
Altyn Emel park
Monuments and memorials in Kazakhstan
Possessed is the fourth album by English heavy metal band Venom, released in April 1985. It is the band's last studio album to feature guitarist Jeffrey Dunn before his first departure from the band in 1986. At the time of its release, it received mixed reviews, even from critics who had liked Venom's earlier albums; Possessed was thought to be in another league as compared to the band's earlier works, even though much of the material on Possessed was written before the release of its predecessor, At War with Satan. It was the first Venom album recorded outside of Impulse Studios. The song "Possessed" is ranked No. 14 on the Parents Music Resource Center's "Filthy Fifteen", a list of the 15 songs the group found to be most objectionable.
The boy on the cover is the son of the band's drummer, Abaddon. The girl is the niece of producer Keith Nichol.
Track listing
Personnel
Venom
Cronos – vocals, bass
Mantas – guitar
Abaddon – drums
Production
Keith Nichol - producer, engineer
S. Nichols, Mark Ammasmifff - engineers
Charts
References
Venom (band) albums
1985 albums
Stade de la Source is a football stadium in Orléans, France. It is the current home of US Orléans. The stadium is able to hold 7,533 people and was opened in 1976.
References
Source
US Orléans
Buildings and structures in Orléans
Sports venues completed in 1976
Sports venues in Loiret
1976 establishments in France
David Epston (born 30 August 1944) is a New Zealand therapist, co-director of the Family Therapy Centre in Auckland, New Zealand, Visiting Professor at the John F. Kennedy University, an honorary clinical lecturer in the Department of Social Work, University of Melbourne, and an affiliate faculty member in the Ph.D program in Couple and Family Therapy at North Dakota State University. Epston and his late friend and colleague Michael White are known as originators of narrative therapy.
Early life and education
David Epston was born in 1944 in Peterborough, Ontario, Canada, where he grew up. He began studies at the University of British Columbia, and left Canada in 1963 when he was 19, arriving in New Zealand in 1964. He graduated with a BA degree in Sociology & Anthropology at Auckland University in 1969, going on to take a Diploma in Community Development at the University of Edinburgh, graduating in 1971. He graduated with an MA in Applied Social Studies from Warwick University, United Kingdom, in 1976, and received a Certificate of Qualification in Social Work (CQSW) in 1977.
Career in family therapy
In New Zealand Epston started working as a senior social worker in an Auckland hospital. From 1981 to 1987 he worked as consultant family therapist at the Leslie Centre, run by Presbyterian Support Services in Auckland. From 1987 to the present he has been co-director of The Family Therapy Centre in Auckland.
In the late 1970s Epston and Michael White led the flowering of family therapy within Australia and New Zealand. Together they started developing their ideas, continuing during the 1980s, and eventually in 1990 published Narrative Means to Therapeutic Ends, the first major text in what came to be known as narrative therapy. In 1997 following the publication of Playful Approaches to Serious Problems Epston, along with his co-authors Dean Lobovits and Jennifer Freeman, initiated the website Narrative Approaches. It includes series of authored and co-authored papers, artwork, and poetry in the form of an "Archive of Resistance: Anti-Anorexia/anti-Bulimia."
Epston was awarded an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters (DLitt) in 1996 by the Graduate School of Professional Psychology, John F. Kennedy University, in Orinda, California, and the Special Award for Distinguished Contributions to Family Therapy from the Australian and New Zealand Journal of Family Therapy.
Publications
1989. Literate Means to Therapeutic Ends. With Michael White. Adelaide: Dulwich Centre Publications.
1990. Narrative Means to Therapeutic Ends. With Michael White. W.W. Norton.
1992. Experience, Contradiction, Narrative and Imagination: Selected papers of David Epston & Michael White, 1989-1991. With Michael White. Adelaide, South Australia: Dulwich Centre Publications.
1997. Playful approaches to serious problems: narrative therapy with children and their families. With Jennifer Freeman and Dean Lobovits. W.W. Norton.
2004. Biting the hand that starves you: inspiring resistance to anorexia/bulimia. With Richard Linn Maisel and Ali Borden. W.W. Norton.
2008. Down under and up over: travels with narrative therapy. Edited by Barry Bowen. Karnac Books.
2016. Narrative Therapy in Wonderland: Connecting with Children's Imaginative Know-How. With David Marsten. W. W. Norton & Company.
2016. Re-imagining narrative therapy: A history for the future. Journal of Systemic Therapies, 35(1), 79–87.
References
External links
narrativeapproaches.com Remembrance of Michael White by David Epston.
Living people
1944 births
New Zealand psychologists
Psychotherapists
Family therapists
People from Auckland
University of Auckland alumni
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Alumni of the University of Warwick
John F. Kennedy University faculty
Constructivism (psychological school)
Jones County is a county in the central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 28,669. The county seat is Gray. The county was created on December 10, 1807, and named after U.S. Representative James Jones.
History
Jones County, along with Morgan County, Putnam County, and Old Randolph, were established by an act of the Georgia General Assembly on December 10, 1807, from land that had originally been part Baldwin County in 1803 and, earlier, part of the Creek Nation. Jones County was originally bounded by a line running north 56° east to Commissioners Creek, then north 15° west to Cedar Creek, then up the creek to corner Randolph County and Putnam County, then along a line to Ocmulgee River, then down the river to where the old county line between Wilkinson County and Baldwin County was. It excluded parts of what is now Bibb County east of the Ocmulgee River, including the location of Fort Benjamin Hawkins, as they were part of a reserve guaranteed to the Creek Nation. Those areas were later added to Jones County after the Treaty of Indian Springs.
During the initial months of the county's existence, a town known as Albany served as the county seat. The town was renamed Clinton and was established as the county seat by the Georgia General Assembly on December 22, 1808. Clinton was incorporated as in 1816. During the 1800s Clinton grew as a center of commerce and the cotton trade. Clinton remained one of the most populous cities in Georgia in the mid-1800s.
In December 1810 Jones County gained a portion of Putnam County between Cedar Creek and their original border. In December 1822 Bibb County was established and Jones County lost some of its land to that county.
During the early 19th century, Jones County had a rapid population increase. The peak came around 1835, when the county ranked third or fourth among all of the state's counties in agricultural wealth. After 1835, soil erosion and lack of funds to develop property drove many farmers to newly opened land elsewhere in Georgia.
Before the American Civil War, a few factories sprang up in the county, including a cotton gin factory at Griswoldville in the southern portion of the county and a woolen factory at Wallace. Griswoldville was founded by Samuel Griswold in the 1850s. During the Civil War, the cotton gin factory was reformatted so it could produce pistols and other weapons for the Confederate Army. Griswoldville was located on the railway linking Macon to Savannah, and became a prime target in 1864 as the Union Army moved through Georgia. On November 20, 1864, the town and the factories in it were burned as part of Sherman's March to the Sea. Days later the Battle of Griswoldville took place in the area. The town of Griswoldville was not rebuilt.
Many other areas in Jones County were damaged by the Union Army during that time period. The Jarrell Plantation State Historic Site in Jones County showcases one of the few and well-preserved antebellum plantations in Georgia.
In the 1890s a railroad line owned by the Central of Georgia Railway named the Macon & Northern Railroad was built through the county and bypassed Clinton by a mile after citizens wanted the line to not pass through the town. By the early 1900s the population had shifted northeastward and the city of Gray was established. On June 27, 1905, the citizens of Jones County voted on the issues of moving the county seat from Clinton to Gray. The results were 1,289 votes in favor of moving the county seat to Gray and 51 votes for keeping the county seat at Clinton. On August 9, 1905, Gray became the new county seat of Jones County.
Father and son Alonzo and James D. Green were innocent African-Americans lynched near Round Oak and Wayside, Jones County in retaliation for the murder of popular white farmer Silas Hardin Turner on July 4, 1915. A third man, William Bostick, was also lynched on this day. None of those killed received a trial.
Notable people
Terrance Gore, professional baseball player with the Kansas City Royals, Chicago Cubs, and New York Yankees; part of the World Series team with Kansas City in 2015; currently a free agent
William Lee, early Alabama politician; immigrated to Jones County from England
Sadie Gray Mays (1900-1969), social worker and wife of college president Benjamin Mays; born in Gray
Otis Redding, singer, lived on a ranch he owned in Jones County during the height of his music career. A marker in downtown Gray pays tribute to Redding.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water.
The western half of Jones County, west of Gray, is located in the Upper Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin. The northeastern quarter of the county, north of Gray, is located in the Upper Oconee River sub-basin of the same Altamaha River basin, while the southeastern corner of Jones County is located in the Lower Oconee River sub-basin of the larger Altamaha River basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 129
State Route 11
State Route 18
State Route 22
State Route 44
State Route 49
State Route 57
State Route 540 (Fall Line Freeway)
Rivers
Ocmulgee River
Adjacent counties
Jasper County - north
Putnam County - northeast
Baldwin County - east
Twiggs County - southeast
Wilkinson County - southeast
Bibb County - south
Monroe County - west
National protected areas
Oconee National Forest (part)
Piedmont National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 28,347 people, 10,701 households, and 7,670 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 28,669 people, 10,586 households, and 7,973 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 11,688 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 73.2% white, 24.4% black or African American, 0.7% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.4% from other races, and 1.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 15.2% were American, 10.6% were Irish, 10.4% were English, and 5.4% were German.
Of the 10,586 households, 38.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were married couples living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 24.7% were non-families, and 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.10. The median age was 38.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $50,717 and the median income for a family was $56,038. Males had a median income of $44,769 versus $32,240 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,598. About 10.4% of families and 13.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.5% of those under age 18 and 20.3% of those age 65 or over.
Education
Communities
Blountsville
Bradley
Clinton
Fortville
Gray (county seat)
Haddock
Round Oak
Wayside
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jones County, Georgia
References
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1807 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1807
Macon metropolitan area, Georgia
Wilhelm Johann Schlenk (22 March 1879 – 29 April 1943) was a German chemist. He was born in Munich and also studied chemistry there. Schlenk succeeded Emil Fischer at the University of Berlin in 1919.
Schlenk was an organic chemist who discovered organolithium compounds around 1917. He also investigated free radicals and carbanions and discovered (together with his son) that organomagnesium halides are capable of participating in a complex chemical equilibrium, now known as a Schlenk equilibrium.
Today Schlenk is remembered mostly for developing techniques to handle air-sensitive compounds and for his invention of the Schlenk flask. The latter is a reaction vessel with a glass or Teflon tap for the addition and removal of gases, such as nitrogen or argon. He is also known for the Schlenk line, a double manifold incorporating a vacuum system and a gas line joined by double oblique taps that allow the user to switch between vacuum and gas for the manipulation of air-sensitive compounds.
References
Further reading
External links
Picture of Schlenk
The Arfvedson-Schlenk Award (in German)
English Translation of Schlenk's 1929 German article on Grignard reagents. English title: 'On the constitution of the Grignard reagent'; German title "Über die Konstitution der Grignardschen Magnesiumverbindungen".
20th-century German chemists
1879 births
1943 deaths
Scientists from Munich
Members of the Royal Society of Sciences in Uppsala
Philoplitis is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are about nine described species in Philoplitis, found in Africa and Indomalaya.
Species
These nine species belong to the genus Philoplitis:
Philoplitis adustipalpus Ahmad, 2005
Philoplitis coniferens Nixon, 1965
Philoplitis dzangasangha Fernandez-Triana & Ranjith, 2019
Philoplitis keralensis Ranjith & Fernandez-Triana, 2019
Philoplitis margalla Fernandez-Triana & Ranjith, 2019
Philoplitis masneri Fernández-Triana & Goulet, 2009
Philoplitis punctatus Fernández-Triana & Goulet, 2009
Philoplitis striatus Fernández-Triana & Goulet, 2009
Philoplitis trifoveatus Ranjith & Fernandez-Triana, 2019
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
Lambrigg Fell is a hill, the highest point of the area of high ground between Kendal and the M6, in south-eastern Cumbria, England.
It lies just outside the area normally defined as the Lake District, and the hill is not in the same mould as the nearby Lakeland Fells, being a sprawling, grassy moorland. For this reason, it is not nearly as popular as its subsidiary top to the west, Benson Knott, which overlooks Kendal. However, the hill provides close-range views of both the Howgill Fells and the Lake District, together with the Yorkshire Dales.
The hill can be accessed by the minor road linking Docker and Lambrigg Head, which runs across the northern slopes of the fell. However, car parking is very limited near to the access gate. A track runs most of the way towards the summit, passing a small reservoir. The landowner is strongly opposed to use of this track from the top sheepfold onwards and the right of way follows a due south route over boggy ground from the top sheepfold. This gives a walk of about two and a half miles. Note that the right of way does not reach the summit and the landowner has acted to prevent those making the 200metre diversion to get to the top.
Some 100 metres west of the summit, on the eastern side of the bridleway, the ruins of a small building may be seen. The exact nature of this structure is unclear, but local residents state that it was used as a shelter for members of shooting parties on the fell.
It is possible to continue in a southerly direction along the bridleway and complete the walk by joining the A684, Sedbergh Road.
There is a large wind farm owned by Innogy just to the east of the summit. The wind farm, which can generate 6.5 Megawatts of electricity, was opened in September 2000 and at that time it was the largest wind farm to be built in England since 1993. The land on which the wind farm is built is out of bounds to unauthorized personnel.
The block of land of which Lambrigg Fell is the summit — thus making it a Marilyn — lies in the extreme south-east of Lakeland, between the River Kent and the River Lune. It also contains the Marilyns of Hutton Roof Crags and Arnside Knott, and the summits of Benson Knott, Scout Hill, Warton Crag and Oaken Head.
References
Mountains and hills of Cumbria
Marilyns of England
Wind farms in England
South Lakeland District
Day at the Circus may refer to:
Day at the Circus (1901 film), documentary short by Edwin S. Porter
Day at the Circus, a 2006 episode of American comedy series Robot Chicken; see List of Robot Chicken episodes
A Day at the Circus, working title of the 1939 Marx Brothers film At the Circus
A Day at the Circus, a 1987 program in the Kidsongs series
See also
A Day with the Circus, 1911 documentary short produced by William Nicholas Selig
Day After the Circus, 1897 film by American Mutoscope Company
Jim Thomas (born September 24, 1974) is an American former professional tennis player. His highest ATP world singles ranking was number 288, which he reached on November 2, 1998. His career high in doubles was at 29, set on August 21, 2006. He retired following the 2008 season.
Biography
Thomas began playing tennis at age three and is the youngest of six children (four brothers, one sister). He has 16 nephews and nieces and considers his parents most inspirational people in his life. His father is a doctor and his mother is a teacher.
Favourite players he enjoyed watching while growing up were John McEnroe and Boris Becker. Jim played four years at Stanford University from 1992 to 1996 and earned a degree in American Studies before turning pro. He also earned All-American honours during his senior year and was a member of NCAA team champions in 1995–96.
Thomas is interested in national and international politics. He is involved with Victory Gallop in Bath, Ohio, an equestrian therapy organisation for at-risk children. He considers hard courts to be his favourite surface.
Thomas's career best effort at a Grand Slam was the 2005 US Open where he and Paul Goldstein made the semi-finals. He has 6 doubles ATP titles and 14 doubles Challenger titles to his name. He recorded doubles wins over Rafael Nadal, Roger Federer, Novak Djokovic, Andy Murray, Lleyton Hewitt, Marat Safin, the Bryan brothers and Pat Rafter amongst others, in his career.
ATP career finals
Doubles:13 (6–7)
External links
Official Jim Thomas Website: http://jimthomas11.tripod.com
1974 births
Living people
American male tennis players
Sportspeople from Canton, Ohio
Stanford Cardinal men's tennis players
Tennis people from Ohio
Oldcastle is an unincorporated community in the town of Tecumseh, Ontario, Canada. It is bounded to the north by Highway 3, to the east by the Chrysler Canada Greenway trail, to the south by County Road 8 (Townline), and to the west by Howard Avenue. It is the starting point of the Chrysler Canada Greenway rail trail. Its western half consists primarily of industries and businesses, while the remaining area is farmland and residential.
Business
It is home to Ciociaro Club of Windsor, the largest Italian Club in Southwestern Ontario. The club sits on of land bordered by North Talbot Road and Oldcastle Road, including several baseball diamonds and soccer fields, and is encircled by a cycling track.
Wrestling
The community was known as a venue for Border City Wrestling from 1995 to 2005 and even hosted BCW Can-Am Tag Team Championship events with such notable wrestlers as Tommy Dreamer, Brooklyn Brawler, Johnny Swinger, Cyrus and Terry Taylor. Wrestling was held at the Ciociaro Club on Talbot Road and drew as much as 1,000 people to the matches.
On March 3, 2001, Tommy Dreamer defeated Scott D'Amore and Rhyno in 3-way match to win the Heavyweight Title. In a controversial match on March 12, 2002, Scott D'Amore and Sabu defeated Taylor and Cyrus to win the titles, however, since Sabu, who replaced Simon Diamond as D'Amore's partner last minute, was not officially in the match, the match was declared non-title, and the titles were returned to Taylor and Cyrus.
Fibre Internet
In 2012 MNSi Telecom started installing optical fiber cable Internet service to Walkerville with a gradual roll-out of upgrades through to 2020. The Walkerville upgrade is part of an expected investment of more than $35 million. As of 2016, the service is available in Walkerville, Oldcastle, and East Windsor.
Notable people
Oldcastle is the hometown of retired Winnipeg Jets forward Kyle Wellwood and his brother Eric who was a Philadelphia Flyers prospect.
External links
City of Windsor
Community of Windsor, Ontario – Community Living Resources Windsor ON, Canada
References
Communities in Essex County, Ontario
In Tahiti and Society Islands mythology, Pahuanui or Pahuanuiapitaaiterai is a sea monster.
References
Tahiti and Society Islands mythology
Polynesian legendary creatures
Ophoven Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield which is located west of Opglabbeek (Limburg); approximately northeast of Brussels.
History
The airfield was built by the United States Army Air Forces IX Engineer Command, 820th Engineer Aviation Battalion in late November/early December 1944.
Known as Advanced Landing Ground "Y-32", the airfield consisted of a single 5000' (1500m) Pierced Steel Planking runway aligned 12/30. In addition, tents were erected for billeting and also for support facilities; an access road was built to the existing road infrastructure; a dump was created for supplies, ammunition, and gasoline drums, along with a drinkable water; and a minimal electrical grid for communications and station lighting was installed.
Opened on 10 December, the airfield was first used as a resupply and casualty evacuation airfield, with C-47 Skytrain transports flying in and out of the airfield frequently. Combat units did not arrive at the airfield until late January 1945, when the 370th Fighter Group, based P-47 Thunderbolt fighters at Ophoven on 27 January. In February, the 405th Fighter Group also based P-47s at the airfield. The fighter planes flew support missions, patrolling roads in front of the beachhead; strafing German military vehicles and dropping bombs on gun emplacements, anti-aircraft artillery and concentrations of German troops when spotted.
Both groups moved out at the end of April 1945, the airfield closed about a month later at the end of May. Today, the airfield is abandoned, being a mixture of agricultural fields just to the west of Ophoven.
See also
References
External links
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in Belgium
Defunct airports in Belgium
Airports established in 1944
Airports in Limburg (Belgium)
FX was an Italian TV channel, which launched on 21 May 2006 in Italy on Sky Italia.
It broadcast Italian and US movies and TV series. It also aired a selection of mystery-related documentaries after their passage on the National Geographic Channel, as well as some documentaries produced by the channel itself (e.g. Biancaneve, a report on the cocaine consumption in Central Europe).
Every weekend, the channel aired "Nocturama", a night-long marathon of top network TV series like Burn Notice and It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
Due to the lowest ratings, the channel was closed on 1 July 2011, following a line-up restyling of Sky Italia. FX's satellite slot planned to host a new Fox International channel by Autumn 2011.
Programs
References
External links
Italy
Italian-language television stations
Defunct television channels in Italy
Television channels and stations established in 2006
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2011
2006 establishments in Italy
2011 disestablishments in Italy
The National Sovereignty Day () is a national public holiday of Argentina, celebrated during November 20. It commemorates the Battle of Vuelta de Obligado, when a small Argentine army stood against an Anglo-French navy that broke into the Paraná River on November 20, 1845, against the will of the Argentine Confederation. Although the battle itself ended with an Argentine defeat, the losses of Britain and France in the whole military campaign were so high that both countries were forced to the bargaining table and signed a treaty with Juan Manuel de Rosas. The day was enacted as a national observance in 1974, following a request from the revisionist historian José María Rosa, and promoted into a national holiday in 2010.
History
José María Rosa was the first one to make reference to November 20 as the Argentine's National Sovereignty day. It was in 1950, during the second administration of Juan Domingo Perón. The Peronist government did not endorse openly the historical revisionism of the history of Argentina (which sought to modify the mainstream perspectives over Juan Manuel de Rosas), but it allowed public manifestations of it. Perón himself admired Rosas and the battle of Vuelta de Obligado since his time in the military school, but did not engage in the historiographical controversy during his presidency: he maintained that "I have enough problems with living people, to fight with dead people as well". The Rosist revisionism was forbidden during the peronist proscription of the Revolución Libertadora. The first official mention to the date was done by the governor of Buenos Aires province Carlos Aloé in 1953.
In 1954 José María Rosa and Ernesto Palacio created the "Popular organization for the repatriation of the remains of General Rosas". Rosas died in 1877 in Southampton, and his body hadn't been returned to Argentina. Law 20.769 was proposed to both repatriate the body of Rosas and create a Day of National Sovereignty by Senator Cornejo Linares. The proposal was approved on November 14, 1973 by the Senate. It was approved with amendments by the Chamber of Deputies, and returned to the Senate. The new version did not include the new observance but just the repatriation. As a result, deputy Gallo proposed a new law, law 20.770, specifically for the new observance. Both laws were approved on September 25 and 26, 1974. Law 20.770 was promulgated by executive power the following October 3.
In 2010, year of the Argentina Bicentennial, president Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, who openly supports the Argentine historical revisionism, made a new proposal to increase the number of holidays in Argentina. One of the proposals was to turn the Day of National Sovereignty into a national holiday, instead of just an observance. The proposal was later promulgated by a Necessity and Urgency Decree on November 3.
First celebration
The new holiday was first celebrated in 2010 at Obligado, the site of the battle, in an act with the presence of the president, revisionist historian Pacho O'Donnell and other politicians. The celebration included the inauguration of a monument of the event, created by Rogelio Polesello.
The Radical Civic Union (UCR) was Rosist at its early times, and praised the ideas of the old federalists. The colours of the shield, red and white, reflect that affiliation: federalists wore red badges, and white is the colour of the White Party from Uruguay (the modern National Party), of Rosas' ally Manuel Oribe. The UCR distanced from those ideas in later years, embracing the anti-rosist historiography instead. For this reason, some people was surprised by the presence of Leopoldo Moreau, one of the leaders of the UCR, among the invited guests.
The new holiday did not generate any political controversy.
References
Citations
Sources
Juan Manuel de Rosas
Public holidays in Argentina
Remembrance days
Sovereignty
November observances
Spring (season) events in Argentina
Mehari Okubamicael (born 21 May 1945) is an Ethiopian former cyclist. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1945 births
Living people
Ethiopian male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Ethiopia
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Asmara
A hot point probe is a method of quickly determining whether a semiconductor sample is n-type or p-type. The sample is probed using a voltmeter or ammeter and a heat source, such as a soldering iron, is placed on one of the leads. The heat will cause charge carriers (electrons in n-type, holes in p-type) to move away from the lead. The heat from the probe creates an increased number of carriers, which then diffuse away from the contact point. This causes a current/voltage difference.
For example, if the heat source is placed on the positive lead of a voltmeter attached to an n-type semiconductor, a positive voltage reading will result as the area around the heat source/positive lead becomes positively charged. A simple explanation is that the thermally-excited majority free carriers move from the hot probe to the cold probe. The mechanism for this motion with in semiconductor is diffusion type since the material is uniformly doped.
References
Electronic test equipment
Rafael Arnáiz Barón (9 April 1911 - 26 April 1938), also named María Rafael in religion, was a Spanish Trappist conventual oblate. He studied architecture in Madrid, but decided to cease his studies in favor of the religious life. This was often interrupted due to his struggle with diabetes and his being called for active service. But these never hindered his religious call and he did as best as he could to deal with his diabetes through his constant life of reflection and writing on spiritual subjects in his letters.
He was beatified on 27 September 1992 by Pope John Paul II and was canonized a saint of the Catholic Church by Pope Benedict XVI on 11 October 2009.
Biography
Rafael Arnáiz Barón was born on 9 April 1911 in Burgos as the first of four sons to Rafael Arnáiz (an engineer) and Mercedes Barón (newspaper columnists); his siblings after him were Rafael, Fernando, Leopoldo, and Mercedes. His baptism was celebrated on 21 April 1911 and he was named as "Rafael Arturo Alvaro José de la Immaculada Concepción i San Luis Gonzaga". He made his First Communion in Burgos on 25 October 1919.
In his childhood he went to several schools that the Jesuits ran and from October 1920 to 1922 was at one such college in Burgos where he was noted for his artistic talents; several bouts of fever often interrupted his studies. In his adolescence it was clear that he had a range of intellectual and artistic gifts as well as those of the spiritual nature. These qualities were well-balanced in him and it produced an open and positive attitude to people and things which was characterized with exuberant good humor and respect. In 1923 his parents relocated to Oviedo and he accompanied them so that he could attend the Jesuit college of San Ignacio where he graduated in 1929. On 26 April 1930 he began his architectural studies in Madrid though suspended it for a brief period of time in December 1930 after he had a bacterial infection. His mother - in April 1921 - took him to his maternal grandmother in Madrid to recover and he was there for a month. Once he recovered his father took him to Zaragoza in August 1921 to a church for him to be consecrated to the Mother of God.
Once he graduated from high school in 1930 he sought a deeper commitment to Jesus Christ which began in 1930. As a graduation present, he spent his summer vacation with his uncle Leopoldo and his aunt María who were the Duke and Duchess of Maqueda at their residence near Ávila. It marked the beginning of a deep and lasting friendship among them. At their encouragement he made his first contact that September with the Trappists of San Isidro de Dueñas in Palencia. He was attracted to the silence and was attracted to the Gregorian chant such as the Salve Regina that was sung at Compline. On 15 April 1934 - having finished his architectural studies he entered the order as a postulant and then became a novice; he was convinced that this was his true religious calling.
He suffered from a severe case of diabetes mellitus which developed four months after his entering the convent and was diagnosed on 26 May 1934. The saddened and perplexed novice was forced to rest at home for a few months before returning, which he did three successive times from 1935 through 1937 at the height of the Spanish Civil War (one occasion was from 29 September to 6 December 1936 and again from 7 February to 15 December 1937). He was called into the armed forces but was declared unfit for active service. On his final return to the convent - due to his medical condition - he was obliged to enter as a conventual oblate instead of as a monk, taking a lower place and living on the margins of the order; this circumstance revealed his intense vocational commitment. He received the habit on 17 April 1938 prior to his death and between December 1937 to April 1938 he had written 33 letters.
Death
On 22 April 1938, he suffered a high fever and became delirious at times due to that ailment; he saw his father for the last time on 21 April. He died from diabetes on 26 April 1938. His remains were relocated in 1965 and for the final time on 13 November 1972 into a small chapel. Pope John Paul II, on 19 August 1989 at World Youth Day in Santiago de Compostela, proposed him as a model for adolescents.
Spirituality
He embodied the order's charism and grace in a pure and intense manner and allowed himself to be led through a series of bewildering contradictions and perplexities such as sickness and war as well as him being unable to pronounce his vows – he renounced himself and his self-will.
He lived with humiliation until in his death he attained the essence of monastic vows — though he was never allowed to profess them on an official level. To him, the figure of Christ was not the object of research but rather the companion of absolute love.
Sainthood
The sainthood process started in Palencia in an informative process that spanned from 28 June 1961 until 30 April 1967 while theologians agreed on 25 January 1974 that all of his spiritual writings were in full accordance with the norms of the faith. The formal introduction to the cause came later on 15 January 1983 and the late Trappist became titled as a Servant of God. The Congregation for the Causes of Saints validated the informative process in Rome on 26 June 1987 and received the Positio dossier in 1987. Theologians approved this dossier on 12 May 1989 as did the C.C.S. on 11 July 1989. The confirmation of his heroic virtue on 7 September 1989 allowed for Pope John Paul II to sign a decree that titled him as Venerable.
The process for a miracle took place in the location that it originated in and it received C.C.S. validation on 6 October 1989; a medical board approved it on 31 October 1991 as did the theologians on 4 March 1992 and the C.C.S. on 7 April 1992. John Paul II approved this miracle on 13 June 1992 and beatified the Trappist on 27 September 1992 in Saint Peter's Square. The process for another miracle opened in Madrid and spanned from 9 April 2005 to 7 May 2006 before its validation on 30 November 2006. Medical experts assented to this on 13 March 2008 as well as theologians on 7 June 2008 and the C.C.S. members on 4 November 2008. Pope Benedict XVI approved this miracle on 6 December 2008 and formalized the date for the sainthood celebration in a consistory on 21 February 2009. Benedict XVI canonized him on 11 October 2009.
Canonization miracle
The miracle that led to the canonization was the January 2001 healing of Begoña Alonso Leon in Madrid. She was 30 and in the fifth month of being pregnant with her daughter Laura and began to feel severe contractions and headaches as well as signs of eclampsia. On 25 December 2000 - Christmas - she was admitted at seven months into a Madrid hospital due to the symptoms worsening and after an ultrasound was directed to the surgical theatre for a cesarean section. Her daughter was born in good health but Leon's condition worsened and she was in the intensive care unit for over two weeks. Her rapid healing after this was attributed to the late Trappist whom she appealed to during her illness.
See also
Abbey of San Isidro de Dueñas at Spanish Wikipedia
References
External links
Hagiography Circle
Saints SQPN
Find a Grave
1938 deaths
1911 births
20th-century venerated Christians
20th-century Spanish people
Beatifications by Pope John Paul II
Canonizations by Pope Benedict XVI
Deaths from diabetes
People from Burgos
Spanish Roman Catholic saints
Trappists
Trappist saints
Venerated Catholics by Pope John Paul II
A sequel to the six-times platinum Via Dalma, Sergio Dalma's Via Dalma II reunited the pop singer with producer Claudio Guidetti and continued with the same format: Spanish-language versions of popular Italian songs. The disc was almost as successful as its predecessor, spending five weeks at No. 1 on the official chart released by Productores de Música de España and achieving quadruple platinum status after spending 49 weeks on the chart.
Four singles were released from the album. The first one, the ballad "El Mundo,"
reached No. 10 in Spain. The song also achieved success in Latin America, particularly Argentina, thanks to its inclusion in the telenovela Dulce Amor. A second single, "Te Amo," also reached No. 10 in Spain. The iTunes edition of the single featured a duet version with Argentine-Spanish singer Chenoa. Subsequent singles were "Yo No Te Pido La Luna" (No. 17 in Spain) and "La Cosa Más Bella" (No. 40 in Spain). The latter, a cover of the Eros Ramazzotti composition, was promoted with a video and iTunes single featuring a duet with Leire Martínez from La Oreja de Van Gogh. The duet version was not included on the album.
Via Dalma II was nominated for Best Traditional Pop Album at the 2012 Latin Grammys. The disc lost the award to Una Noche en el Teatro Real by David Bisbal. Dalma performed on the Nov 15 broadcast from Las Vegas, singing "Yo No Te Pido La Luna" as a duet with Mexican singer Daniela Romo, who had a hit with the song in 1984.
Dalma promoted the album in Spain with an RTVE special called Via Dalma that aired in December 2011. His guests included Laura Pausini, Nek, Pablo Alboran, Umberto Tozzi, Chenoa and Pastora Soler.
Released simultaneously with the album was a deluxe edition that came in a long box and featured two bracelets and a 2012 calendar.
Track listing
"Senza Una Donna"
"El Mundo"
"La Cosa Más Bella"
"Te Amo"
"Yo No Te Pido La Luna"
"La Fuerza De La Vida"
"La Bambola"
"Gloria"
"Te Enamorarás"
"Poco A Poco Me Enamoré De Tí"
"Margarita"
"Tornero"
"Senza Una Donna (Catalán)"
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2011 albums
Spanish-language albums
Warner Records albums
Sergio Dalma albums
Covers albums
Ned Benson (born April 3, 1977) is an American filmmaker.
Biography
He attended Deerfield Academy and graduated from Columbia University in 2001. Benson had a long-term relationship with Jessica Chastain, but they broke up in 2010.
After working on The Westerner, Benson made his directorial debut film The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby. After Chastain asked questions about the background, Benson wrote another script devoted entirely to her perspective and she joined the cast. It was shot as two films simultaneously. They were premiered at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival under the title The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby: Him and Her Benson later edited the films into one film The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby: Them which premiered at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival. The Weinstein Company had a limited release in September 2014. On January 16, 2019, Benson and Jac Schaeffer served as story writers for Black Widow. He was later replaced by Eric Pearson.
Filmography
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Film producers from New York (state)
American male screenwriters
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Film directors from New York City
Writers from New York City
Screenwriters from New York (state)
Deerfield Academy alumni
All Youth Channels, Inc. (AYC) is a cable TV and concert management company in the Philippines. The company is currently the co-owner of cable channel Nickelodeon. AYC was also the final co-owner of MTV Philippines, which was closed down in 2010, and formerly operates two FM radio stations in Metro Manila (U92 (now Radyo5 92.3 News FM) and Radio High 105.9 (now Neo Retro 105.9). The current CEO is Francis Lumen, former radio executive of Nation Broadcasting Corporation.
The company's headquarters are located at Silver City Mall, Frontera Verde Complex, Pasig.
All Youth Channels was owned by Creative Programs Inc. a subsidiary of ABS-CBN Corporation.
History
After the dissolution of its joint venture with NBC, MTV Networks Asia signed a licensing agreement with All Youth Channels, Inc. (AYC), which is run by some of the members of Music Source, including Lumen, to control both MTV Philippines and its sister channel, Nickelodeon. AYC owned and operated 100% of then-new MTV Philippines.
MTV Philippines was an exclusive channel on cable and satellite television systems. However, Lumen decided not to renew the contract (except Nickelodeon Philippines, MTV Philippines's sister channel). There were also some posts claiming that instead of funding for MTV Philippines, they would rather fund TV5 in which they planned to be the next big thing on TV (which later found out to be purchased by PLDT's MediaQuest Holdings, resulting to its relaunch followed by the revival of NBC-owned UHF 41 as AksyonTV). 11 minutes before midnight of February 16, 2010, the final music video: Video Killed the Radio Star by The Buggles was played and afterwards, MTV Philippines officially signed off. After the closure, it had reverted to its original channel, MTV Southeast Asia. All Youth Channels previously owned two radio stations: U92 which was sold to TV5 and branded it as Radyo5 92.3 News FM (the first all-news radio station in the FM band); and Radio High 105.9 which was returned to its original owner Bright Star Broadcasting Network Corporation and branded it as Retro 105.9 DCG FM (which plays mostly modern classic and retro-styled oldies music).
Events
AYC is a producer of big-name concerts in the Philippines, even after the shut down of MTV Philippines.
International artists
Timbaland
Justin Timberlake
JoJo
Rain
U-Kiss
Local artists
Christian Bautista
Partnerships and Affiliates
ViacomCBS Networks International Asia Pacific
Nation Broadcasting Corporation
GMA Network
Smart Communications
ABS-CBN Corporation
Solar Entertainment Corporation
TV5 Network
Sony Pictures Television Networks Asia (AXN Philippines, Inc.)
References
External links
Official website
MTV Philippines official website
Radio High official website
Creative Programs
Assets owned by ABS-CBN Corporation
Television networks in the Philippines
Companies based in Pasig
Gisela of Hungary (or Gisele, Gizella and of Bavaria; 985 – 7 May 1065) was the first queen consort of Hungary by marriage to Stephen I of Hungary, and the sister of Henry II, Holy Roman Emperor. She has been beatified by the Catholic Church.
Biography
Gisela was a daughter of Henry II, Duke of Bavaria and Gisela of Burgundy. Gisela was raised very devout, most likely with bishop Wolfgang of Regensburg as her mentor and governor. She married King Stephen I of Hungary in 996 as a part of Hungary's policy of opening up to the West. The couple had a son, Saint Emeric, who died on 2 September 1031, while hunting boar. The wedding of Stephen and Gisela marked a turning point in Hungary's history.
Queen Gisela played a fundamental role in spreading the Christian faith and Western culture in Hungary.
When Edmund Ironside of England died, he was succeeded by Cnut. Edmund's infant sons were sent abroad and ended up under the protection of King Stephen of Hungary. One of the twins died young, but the other, Edward Atheling, was brought up as a protégé of Queen Gisela, and regarded in that foreign court as the heir to the Anglo-Saxon throne.
King Stephen died in 1038. In 1046 Gisela, her attendants, and a number of many Bavarian settlers left Hungary to return to Bavaria, where she joined Niederburg convent in Passau and became the abbess.
She lived in the nunnery of Niederburg in Passau, where she died.
Veneration
Gisela's canonisation was attempted in the 18th century but failed. She was beatified in 1975. Her memorial days are 7 May and 1 February.
Gisela and her husband were not buried together. On 4 May 1996, the remains of King Stephen's right hand was preserved, and it was brought back together with a bone taken from the arm of Gisela. Both are now safely protected in glass and gold cases, and are displayed in the basilica in the western Hungarian town of Veszprém, where Gisela once lived.
Her grave is well known, and regarded as a holy place. The cross was commissioned by Queen Gisela for the tomb of her mother, who died in 1006 and was buried in the Niedermünster in Regensburg.
Blessed Gisela is depicted on a white limestone panel by Hungarian artist Sandor Kiss on the wall of the Chapel of Our Lady – Queen of Hungary in St. Peter's Basilica, Rome.
References
Sources
|-
980s births
11th-century deaths
Hungarian queens consort
Hungarian people of German descent
German beatified people
Hungarian Roman Catholic saints
Roman Catholic royal saints
10th-century German women
11th-century German abbesses
10th-century Hungarian women
11th-century Hungarian women
Gaet'ale Pond is a small hypersaline lake located near the Dallol crater in the Danakil Depression (Afar, Ethiopia). It is located over a hot spring of tectonic origin and has no apparent inlet or outlet streams. The water of Gaet'ale Pond has a salinity of 43%, making it the saltiest water body on Earth.
Location and origin
Gaet'ale Pond is the largest of a series of small ponds located approximately southeast of Dallol springs. It is crescent-shaped with a diameter of about .
According to residents of the nearby village of Ahmed'ela, an earthquake in January 2005 reactivated a thermal spring and the pond was created. For this reason its temperature of is hotter than the environment.
Composition of the water
The salts in the water of Gaet'ale Pond are mainly composed by calcium chloride (CaCl2) at 2.72 mol/kg and magnesium chloride (MgCl2) at 1.43 mol/kg. It also contains small amounts of Na+, K+ and NO2− ions. The total amount of dissolved solids content is 433 g/kg or 43.3%. It also contains traces of Fe3+ that form a complex with Cl−, giving the water a characteristic yellow color.
Bubbles of odourless gas are emitted from the lake surface. It is likely volcanically produced CO2. Bird and insect corpses have been found around the pond, and it has been proposed that the gas may be harmful for small animals or humans.
References
External links
Hyperdiverse archaea near life limits at the polyextreme geothermal Dallol area
Bodies of water of Ethiopia
Afar Region
Ponds of Africa
Saline lakes of the Great Rift Valley
2008 beginnings
Dystrophic calcinosis cutis is a cutaneous condition characterized by calcification of the skin resulting from the deposition of calcium and phosphorus, and occurs in a preexisting skin lesion of inflammatory process.
See also
Calcinosis cutis
List of cutaneous conditions
References
Skin conditions resulting from errors in metabolism
John Patrick Whitesell is an American television and film director. He has directed numerous films such as Calendar Girl, Big Momma's House 2 and Holidate. He started his career as a film director in 1993.
Early life and education
Whitesell is the son of Patricia and John Patrick "Jack" Whitesell. He has five brothers Sean Whitesell, Christopher Whitesell, Thomas, Patrick Whitesell, and James Whitesell. Originally from Iowa Falls, Iowa, Whitesell attended Simpson College, before moving to New York City to study acting and directing at Circle in The Square.
Career
His credits include Law & Order, Roseanne, Doctor, Doctor, A Different World, Baby Boom, Coach and Tattingers.
He won a Daytime Emmy Award (Outstanding Direction For A Daytime Drama Series - John Whitesell, Bruce S. Barry, Matthew Diamond, Irene M. Pace, Robert D. Kochman, Joanne Rivituso, and Joanne Sedwick) for his work on CBS Daytime's Guiding Light, and worked on Another World (NBC Daytime), Texas and Search for Tomorrow (as executive producer in November 1985 - December 1986)."
Theatre
His theater credits include Happily Ever After, And That's the Way It Was, Solo for Two Voices, Towards Zero, and The Glass Menagerie.
Personal life
He is married to Jolie Barnett. They are members of Kehillat Israel.
Filmography as director
Calendar Girl (1993)
See Spot Run (2001)
Malibu's Most Wanted (2003)
Big Momma's House 2 (2006)
Deck the Halls (2006)
Big Mommas: Like Father, Like Son (2011)
Thunderstruck (2012)
Holidate (2020)
References
External links
http://www.luc.edu/umc/newsroom/inthenews/021306_5.pdf
http://www.easterntalent.net/talent/bill-berner/
http://www.emmys.com/shows/john-larroquette-show
American television directors
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Iowa Falls, Iowa
Film directors from Iowa
American Reconstructionist Jews
Whitesell family
Holiday Inn is a hotel chain.
Holiday Inn may also refer to:
Holiday Inn Express, Holiday Inn's brand
Holiday Inn (film), a 1942 film starring Bing Crosby and Fred Astaire
Holiday Inn (musical), a 2016 Broadway musical based on the film
Holiday Inn (album), by Bing Crosby, 1962
Holiday Inn (soundtrack), a soundtrack album from the film, 1979
"Holiday Inn", a song by Elton John from the 1971 album Madman Across the Water
"Holidae In", a song by Chingy
de:Holiday Inn
Teluk Wondama Regency or Wondama Bay Regency () is a regency of West Papua province of Indonesia. It covers a land area of 14,953.80 km2, and had a population of 26,321 at the 2010 Census and 41,644 at the 2020 Census. The administrative centre lies in the village of Rasiei.
Geography
Geographically, the district is located between 132°35' - 134°45' East Longitude and 0°15' - 3°25' South Latitude.
Most of the islands in Wondama Bay regency are surrounded by coral reef that is teeming with rich marine life. Rasiei, the capital of Wondama is located at the foot of Wondiboy mountains which is covered by pristine tropical rainforest. The coral reef and tropical rainforest have become important tourist attractions in this regency. The Department of Tourism and Culture of Wondama regency, in cooperation with the Indonesian Tourist Guide Association, has launched a website called Wondama Tourism to attract visitors to the regency.
Administrative Districts
The regency comprises thirteen districts (kecamatan), tabulated below with their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census. The table also includes the location of the district administrative centres, the number of administrative villages (desa and kelurahan, 76 in total) in each district and its post code.
Note that Roswar and Rumberpon Districts are each formed by an island of the same name (surrounded by numerous offshore islets) situated in Cenderawasih Bay, while Roon District encompasses 29 disparate islands in the same bay - including Roon, Rarief, Rariau, Ripon, Pinai and Manupaseh Islands, and the Rouw Archipelago. Roon District comprises seven villages, all on Roon Island (there are no villages on the smaller islands within the district) - Menarbu (which had 208 inhabitants at the 2020 Census), Sariay (with 14 inhabitants), Niab (227), Inday (235), Syabes (509), Mena (228) and Yende (414).
References
External links
Statistics publications from Statistics Indonesia (BPS)
Regencies of West Papua (province)
The Battle of Zieleńce was a battle in the Polish–Russian War of 1792, in defence of the Polish Constitution of 3 May 1791. The battle took place on 18 June 1792, between the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth Army of Józef Poniatowski and an Imperial Russian Army group under the command of General Irakly Morkov, which was a part of General Mikhail Krechetnikov's Russian forces invading the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth from the south. The battle ended in Polish victory, as the Russian assault was repulsed, although the Poles soon withdrew from the battlefield.
Prelude
Polish forces had been retreating for several weeks, avoiding a decisive engagement with the numerically superior Russian forces.
On 15 June, the joined Polish forces reached Połonne. After a meeting, the Polish commanders decided to withdraw because they did not have the possibility of defending a town that did not have fortifications. On 17 June, Polish commander Prince Józef Poniatowski received information in Szepietówka that the Lubomirski division was now camped in Zasław. He ordered the Lubomirski division to join his forces near Zieleńce. Lubomirski had about 2,000 infantry and 1,000 cavalry, including units of general Józef Zajączek and Ludwik Trokin. His formation secured a hill situated on the north of the road from Połonne to Zasław which dominated the area. Infantry taking position in centre wings were secured by cavalry. In the early morning of 18 June, a Russian group under command of General Irakly Morkov was observed. This group was front watch of larger corps of General Mikhail Golenishchev-Kutuzov. The order of this group was to attack the Polish army left wing and destroy the rest of train. With a force about 10,500.-11,500s soldiers and 24 cannons (2 infantry regiments of about 6,000 soldiers, three regiments of line cavalry of 2,500 soldiers, and a Cossack brigade under command of Orlov), the Russian formations took positions in a valley below a hill. Their order of battle was the same as Polish, except that one battalion was a reserve and the second to secure the train. Meanwhile, General Zajączek contacted Poniatowski for help.
Battle
Opening moves
The battle began with artillery fire and cavalry clashes. About 7 a.m., Markow wanted to begin to attack but changed his orders when he saw that Polish formations under Poniatowski had moved onto the battle field. Poniatowski forces included two infantry battalions, a cavalry regiment of front guard from Prince Józef Lubomirski, Brigade National Cavalry under command of Stanisław Mokronowski, a division under command of General Wielhorski, and 12 cannons. Kościuszko with his division had to stay in the rear in order to prevent an attack from Levanidov and Dunin corps. Poniatowski sent the Mokronowski brigade on right wing. He backed the artillery. The battalion of infantry regiment of Potocki was in reserve. The division of Wielhorski took position within the forest as second throw.
Russian advance
After a few hours, the Polish and Russian artillery quieted. Within 12 hours with Russian-backed artillery fire, the infantry began advancing onto the Polish centre. Under mass artillery fire and a Russian attack, panic was induced among the Polish recruits who began escaping. After some time, Józef Poniatowski reviewed the Polish position. He organised a new battalion from the Potocki regiment and with support of battalion ordnance Ostrogoski began a counterattack. Russian infantry under fire of artillery and a Polish counterattack began withdrawal incurring heavy losses. Meanwhile, another Russian infantry unit secured the village of Zieleńce and opened fire on Polish formations. Poniatowski sent a formation of cavalry, but failed. After the village was set on fire, the Russians withdrew. Meanwhile, the Russians moved artillery fire onto Polish right wing on cavalry. The soldiers felt panic. At that moment, Cossacks began a charge. At beginning, that charge was stopped by field squadrons of Mokronowski brigade cavalry, but in formation of Regiment Buławy Koronnej panic ensued the rear squadrons of Mokronowski brigade. The panic of the Polish cavalry was stopped by Sanguszko and other officers. After reorganisation, Polish cavalry with support of part Lubowidzki cavalry brigade from second line began a countercharge. During this charge, the Polish cavalry destroyed the Russian cavalry and began to rally. Poniatowski sent an order to support the rally to Czapski commander of second line cavalry right wing. Czapski refused to obey because the order was not written. In truth of the matter of his decision was that he was follower of the pro-Russian Targowica Confederation. During this time, a Russian regiment of grenadiers from Ekatierinoslav attacked Polish left wing. Poniatowski sent battalions from Potocki and Malczewski regiments. After decimating grenadiers under artillery and rifle fire, the Russians advance collapsed.
Polish advance
After collapsing the Russian advance, Poniatowski organised an attack group from division Wielhorski units. This group contained three infantry battalions from regiments Potocki, Malczewski and ordnance ostrogocka, Brigade National Cavalry under command of Dzierżek, and regiment front watch under command of Józef Lubomirski. The group had to attack the Russian right wing. Morkov, who watched the preparations, concentrated most of his formation against the group. Polish cavalry successfully fought the Russian cavalry and forced them to withdrawal. But when Wielhorski met the enemy infantry, he stopped the advance because his infantry was weaker than the Russians and inexperienced. About 5 p.m. Morkov, who did not get relief from Kutuzov, withdrew.
Aftermath
The victorious Polish army stayed on battlefield until evening and, thereafter, withdrew to Zasław. It was a tactical victory, without many strategic implications. Polish losses were significant; soldiers lacked ammunition and food; Derdej compares it to a Pyrrhic victory. After Polish withdrawal, Morkov moved onto the battlefield and announced himself the victor. Nonetheless, modern historians classify this battle as a Polish victory.
The Russians nonetheless sustained heavier losses, and were significantly delayed in their pursuit of the Polish forces. The captured Russian banner was sent to Warsaw. To commemorate this victory, Polish king Stanisław II Augustus created the order of Virtuti Militari and awarded it to a number of Polish commanders participating in that battle.
Some contemporary Polish leaders, like Kościuszko and Zajączek, felt that Poniatowski should have pursued the Russians more aggressively, but Derdej justifies his decision noting the exhaustion and low supplies of Polish forces.
The Battle of Zieleńce is commemorated on the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier (Warsaw), with the inscription "ZIELEŃCE 18 VI 1792".
References
Bibliography
Conflicts in 1792
1790s in Ukraine
Zielence
Extended Play is the debut extended play by American artist Austin Mahone released on May 29, 2013 from Republic Records only in Japan.
Development and release
The songs are produced by DJ Frank E, Mike Fresh, Trent Mazur, Bei Maejor, Austin Mahone, Bruce Robinson, Steve Mac, Matt Mahaffey. The extended play was released only in Japan from Chase and Republic to promote his songs in the country. The deluxe version backpack the first three video clips of Mahone, plus a short documentary with a message for the Japanese fans.
Singles
"Say Somethin" was released as the lead single on June 5, 2012 and peaked 34 in Billboard Pop Songs.
"Say You're Just a Friend" was released as the second single in his career on December 3, 2012. The song peaked number 4 in Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100, number 2 in Belgium Ultratip charts and 12 in Japan. The song features American rapper Flo Rida.
Promotional singles
"11:11" was released as first promotional single on February 12, 2012.
"Heart in My Hand (Piano Version)" was released as second promotional single on April 16, 2013.
Commercial performance
In Japan, this album debuted at number 17 on the Oricon weekly album chart.
According to Oricon, this album spent 12 weeks on the Oricon weekly album top 300 charts.
Track listing
Charts
Release history
References
Austin Mahone albums
2013 debut EPs
Albums produced by DJ Frank E
Planorbarius metidjensis is a freshwater lung snail.
Experiments confirmed it to be a host of the Schistosoma parasites, while the Bulinus truncatus freshwater snail has been known much longer as a carrier of schistosomiasis.
Description
The snail measures 8 mm x 16 to 18 mm. The shell is light yellowish, while the periostracum is brown, reddish or greenish. The body is nearly black with a grey foot and tentacles.
Schistosomiasis transmission
While P. metidjensis has been successfully infected with Schistosoma haematobium in the laboratory, in Morocco, no free-living infected snails have been found during a survey. Likewise, in the laboratory, snail specimens from Portugal and Salamanca were found to be very susceptible to infections by Schistosoma bovis strains gathered from the Salamanca region, but the 1977 study urged a prevalence survey of free-living snails.
In some areas, there are S. haematobium/S. bovis hybrids. P. metidjensis is immune to experimental infection with hybrid parasites collected in Corsica that contain 23% genetical material from S. bovis.
Distribution and habitat
The snail occurs in southwestern Morocco as well as in Algarve (Portugal) and Salamanca (Spain).
In a 2007 study carried out in Morocco, the snail was found in larger altitudes, and not in man-made water bodies like canals and artificial lakes. It tolerated a wide range of electrical conductivities (120 to 3650 microsieverts/cm) and up to 1.1 grams of chlorides per liter. It was often found together with Ancylus fluviatilis river snails.
References
Brown D.S. (1994). Freshwater snails of Africa and their medical importance, 2nd edition. London: Taylor and Francis, 607 p.
page(s): 217, fig. 101c
External links
Forbes, E. (1838). On the land and freshwater mollusca of Algiers and Bougia. The Annals and Magazine of Natural History, 2 (10): 250-255, pl. 11-12
Graells, M.P. (1846). Catalogo de los moluscos terrestres y de agua dulce observados en España, y descripción y notas de algunas especies nuevas o poco conocidas del mismo país. Viuda é Hijos de Don Antonia Calleja, Madrid, and Calleja, Ojea y Compañia, Lima. vii + 23 pp., 1 pl.
Image of Planorbarius metidjensis
Heterobranchia
Freshwater snails
Gastropods of Europe
Gastropods described in 1838
Taxa named by Edward Forbes
Erčege is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 149 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Kinuseo Falls is a waterfall on the Murray River, which flows through the northern tip of Monkman Provincial Park in the Northern Rockies of British Columbia, Canada. The falls are located south of the community of Tumbler Ridge and northeast of the city of Prince George, though there is no road access from the Prince George side of the Rocky Mountains.
One of the most outstanding features in Monkman Provincial Park, the falls measure 197 feet (60 metres), slightly taller than Niagara Falls, though it doesn't move the same volume of water as Niagara. The falls are located 3 km from the Kinuseo Falls Campground, also in Monkman Provincial Park. There is a trail from the campground to the falls, though many people choose to drive to the falls. The campground is also a departure point for people making further explorations into the park along the Monkman Pass Trail.
Name origin
"...on our way down the east branch of the South Pine River (which flows north into the Peace, coming in below Hudson's Hope) we came to a large fall over 200 feet high. These we called Kinoosao Falls (meaning 'fish' in the Cree language) owing to the great numbers of trout both above and below the falls. We gave that name as it seemed most appropriate. We were unable to find anyone who had ever seen or heard of these falls, although some of the Indians had heard of them vaguely....." (February 1920 letter from S.Prescott Fay, Boston, to Geographic Board of Canada; BC file 34275-S#1, Ottawa file 0216).40658
History
The first written reference to the falls is on the Robert W. Jones 1906 map compiled for the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway. The Fay expedition of 1914 took the first known photos. Samuel Prescott Fay, American explorer, proposed the name in 1915 and 1920, and was initially spelt on a map as "Kinoosao Falls". Prentiss Gray made the first moving picture in 1927 or 1928.
See also
Monkman Falls
List of waterfalls in Canada
Footnotes
Waterfalls of British Columbia
Canadian Rockies
Northern Interior of British Columbia
Peace River Land District
The black-lored babbler or Sharpe's pied-babbler (Turdoides sharpei) is a species of bird in the family Leiothrichidae. It is found in southwestern Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda, Burundi, Rwanda, and the part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo immediately adjacent to the three last-named countries. This bird was formerly considered the same species as Turdoides melanops of southern Africa, now known as the black-faced babbler.
These birds are mostly grey-brown with white mottling, especially on the underparts, that varies according to location and the individual. The population near Nanyuki, Kenya, is darker but can have a pure white chin or entire throat. The combination of pale yellow or white eyes and black lores (the areas between the eye and the bill) separates adults of this species from similar babblers except melanops, though all juvenile babblers have brown eyes.
In Kenya, single birds give repeated single or double harsh notes such as waaach or a muffled kurr-ack; pairs or groups give longer phrases in chorus. The tempo is frequently slow for a babbler. They are most vocal in the early morning and late afternoon.
Like other Turdoides, it is found low or on the ground in or near dense woody vegetation, including in cultivated areas. Kenyan birds forage in bushes and tall grass. They are "restless, noisy, and suspicious" and "typical gregarious babblers".
Single birds give repeated single or double harsh notes such as waaach or a muffled kurr-ack; pairs or groups give longer phrases in chorus. The tempo is frequently slow for a babbler. They are most vocal in the early morning and late afternoon.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
black-lored babbler
Birds of East Africa
black-lored babbler
black-lored babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Clifford "Cliff" Alfred Bowen (3 January 1875 – 30 April 1929) was a Welsh international rugby union wing who played for club rugby for Llanelli and international rugby for Wales. He was also a keen cricketer, playing for Llanelli and Carmarthenshire in the Minor Counties Cricket Championship.
Rugby career
Bowen was first selected for the Wales international team for the opening match of the 1896 Home Nations Championship, against England. Bowen was brought in at threequarters opposite Newport's Bert Dauncey on the wing with Owen Badger and Welsh captain Arthur 'Monkey' Gould at centre. Bowen and Dauncey would both retain their positions throughout the tournament, being the first wing pair to do so since Biggs and McCutcheon in Wales' Triple Crown winning Championship in 1893. The 1896 England encounter at Blackheath was a sporting disaster for the Wales team, losing by seven tries to nil, and the Welsh selectors reacted with sweeping changes to the pack. The next game saw a complete turn around in Welsh fortunes, with a 6–0 win over Scotland. Bowen retained his place, but the match is notable for the introduction of Welsh rugby legend Gwyn Nicholls at centre with Gould. Gould was a changed player in the Scotland encounter, marshalling the game throughout and supporting the inexperienced Welsh pack. Of the two tries scored by Wales in the match both came from the threequarters; one from Gould and the other from Bowen, his first and only international points. The final game of the 1896 series, was an away game to Ireland. The inexperienced pack suffered badly from the Irish kick-and-rush tactic, and new halfback Llewellyn Lloyd was constantly exposed to heavy Irish attacks. Despite a dropped goal from Gould, Wales lost 4–8.
Bowen would win one final cap for Wales, the opening game of the 1897 Championship against England, this time paired at wing with veteran threequarter Tom Pearson. After the humiliation of 1896 the new forward tactics employing several 'Rhondda Forwards', saw a different result with Wales winning 11–0. Wales didn't complete the 1897 tournament, being forced to withdraw from the Championship after the outcome of the Gould Affair, and when Wales were readmitted in 1898, Bowen had moved on and was no longer a part of the Welsh team.
International matches played
Wales
1896, 1897
1896
Ireland 1896
Cricket career
Bowen is first recorded in a cricket game in 1891 when he turned out at lower order for Llanelli against a Llandovery team. Despite coming in to bat at number ten, he was not among the bowlers that day. By 1908, Bowen was playing in the Minor Counties Championships, representing Carmarthanshire against Monmouthshire. After Monmouthshire first innings total of 313, Carmarthenshire were skittled out for an embarrassing 41, with Bowen losing his wicket for a duck. The second innings fared little better for Carmarthanshire, but Bowen at least got on the board with seven runs from a team 101 total. In the next game of the 1908 Championship, played against Glamorgan at The Gnoll, Bowen was the opening batsman. He ended the first innings on a far more respectable 27, bowled by Jack Nash. Although Carmarthenshire again lost by an innings, Bowen made 64 in his second stand, the second highest total of the match. The Glamorgan team Bowen faced that day contained former Welsh rugby international Billy Bancroft, who was Bowen's fullback in all four of his international appearances. After another encounter with Glamorgan, which resulted in a third consecutive loss by an innings, Carmarthenshire hosted Devon at Stradey Park. Bowen came in to bat at fourth in both games, which ended in a familiar defeat for Carmarthenshire.
Bowen only played in one game of the 1909 season, a home loss to Cornwall, but in 1910 he was selected to face Glamorgan in one of his better matches. Glamorgan batted first, and Bowen was among the bowlers, the first time he had been given a serious number of overs at County level to date. Although expensive, at 108 runs in 20 overs, he did secure five wickets including both openers, one of whom was Bancroft. He scored the highest runs with the bat for Carmarthenshire in their first innings, but was absent from the team when they crashed in the second innings. His final Counties Championship was in 1911, again against Glamorgan, which Carmarthenshire lost by an innings, Bowen making just a handful of runs at number 11.
Bibliography
References
1875 births
1929 deaths
Carmarthenshire cricketers
Llanelli RFC players
Rugby union players from Morriston
Rugby union wings
Wales international rugby union players
Welsh cricketers
Welsh rugby union players
Solar eclipses on Saturn occur when the natural satellites of Saturn pass in front of the Sun as seen from Saturn. These eclipses happen fairly often. For example, some of Saturn's moons can have a solar eclipse every day depending on the saturnian season.
For bodies which appear smaller in angular diameter than the Sun, the proper, more general term would be a transit and for those that are larger than the apparent size of the Sun, the proper term would be an occultation.
Seven of Saturn's satellites – Janus, Mimas, Enceladus, Tethys, Rhea, Dione and Titan – are large enough and near enough to eclipse or occult the Sun, or in other words to cast an umbra on Saturn. Most of the more distant satellites, besides being tiny, have orbits that are strongly inclined to the plane of Saturn's orbit, and would rarely be seen to transit.
At this distance, the sun covers only about 3 arcminutes in the sky of Saturn. In comparison, the seven major moons of Saturn have angular diameters of 5–10' (Mimas), 5–9' (Enceladus), 10–15' (Tethys), 10–12' (Dione), 8–11' (Rhea), 14–15' (Titan), and 1–2' (Iapetus). Iapetus is Saturn's third largest moon, but is too far away to completely eclipse the Sun. Janus, a very close moon to Saturn, has an angular diameter of about 7', meaning that it can fully cover the Sun.
Unlike Jupiter, Saturn has a moderate axial tilt of 26.7 degrees. This means that solar eclipses on Saturn are much more rare than solar eclipses on Jupiter.
References
External links
Brufau, Rainer. (2021). Triple shadow phenomena on Jupiter, Saturn and Uranus from 1000 CE to 3000 CE (Version 0) [Data set]. Zenodo. https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.5515898
Solar eclipses by planet
Saturn
Zatrephes arenosa is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by William Schaus in 1905. It is found in French Guiana.
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1905
Kaas chante Piaf is the ninth studio album by French singer Patricia Kaas. In most part it consists of songs firstly performed by French cabaret singer Édith Piaf.
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications and sales
References
2012 albums
Patricia Kaas albums
Tribute albums
Almandoz is a village located in the municipality of Baztan, Navarre, in Navarre province, Spain, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 184.
Geography
Almandoz is located 37km north of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
was a lieutenant general in the Imperial Japanese Army in World War II.
Biography
Higuchi was born in what is now part of Minamiawaji City on Awaji Island, Hyōgo Prefecture, as the eldest of nine siblings. When he was eleven years old, his parents divorced and he was raised by his mother's family. He was a graduate of the 21st class of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy, and the 30th class of the Japanese Army Staff College. As a junior officer, he was sent as military attaché to Poland. Due to his fluency in the Russian language, Higuchi was later posted to Manchuria with the Kwantung Army. Higuchi was a close confidant of General Kanji Ishiwara and of General Korechika Anami.
From 1933-1935, he was commander of the IJA 41st Infantry Regiment, and from 1935-1937 served as Chief of staff of the IJA 3rd Division. He was sent to Germany as part of a military delegation in 1937.
As a major general and the commander of the Japanese-occupied Chinese Harbin Special Branch in 1937-1938, he, with the help of Yosuke Matsuoka, allowed 4,000 to 20,000 Jewish refugees who had fled Nazi Germany to cross the border from Otpor, USSR to Manchouli (a city in the Japanese puppet state Manchukuo), in an event which later became known as the Otpor Incident. Higuchi's subordinates were responsible for feeding the refugees, settling them in Harbin or Shanghai, and arranging for exit visas. General Hideki Tojo, then Chief of staff of the Kwantung Army, assented to Higuchi's view that the German policy against the Jews was a serious humanitarian concern. Higuchi's lieutenant Norihiro Yasue advocated for the protection of Jewish refugees to General Seishiro Itagaki, which led to the establishment of the Japanese Jewish Policy Program in 1938.
Recalled to Japan in late 1938, Higuchi served briefly on the Imperial Japanese Army General Staff before being assigned as commanding officer of the IJA 9th Division in 1939. In 1942, he was promoted to lieutenant general and assigned to the Sapporo-based 5th Area Army. He participated in the invasion of the Aleutian islands, including the disastrous campaigns on Attu Island and Kiska Island. Afterwards, as commander of the Northern District Army he organized the defenses of northern Japan against invasion by Allied forces, fortifying Shumshu island in the northern Kurile Islands, and the defense of South Sakhalin Island.
References
External links
Notes
1888 births
1970 deaths
Military personnel from Hyōgo Prefecture
Japanese generals
Japanese military personnel of World War II
Jewish Japanese history
International response to the Holocaust
Aleutian Islands campaign
King Haakon VII's Medal of Liberty () was established on 18 May 1945. The medal is awarded to Norwegian or foreign military or civilian personnel for significant service to Norway during World War II. This service need not have been in direct contact with the enemy.
Description of the Medal
The medal is bronze, circular and suspended from the ribbon by a stylised bronze ribbon folded at both ends.
The obverse bears the monogram of King Haakon VII over a letter V symbolising victory. This is surrounded by a circle of beads, outside of which is written ALT FOR NORGE 1940-1945 (ALL FOR NORWAY 1940-1945)
The reverse is plain apart from a wreath of oak leaves, tied with a ribbon at the base.
The ribbon is plain dark blue. When ribbons only are worn, the ribbon bears the King's monogram in bronze.
See also
King Haakon VIIs Freedom Cross
Orders, decorations, and medals of Norway
References
Awards established in 1945
1945 establishments in Norway
Military awards and decorations of Norway
The 187th Massachusetts General Court, consisting of the Massachusetts Senate and the Massachusetts House of Representatives, met in 2011 and 2012 during the governorship of Deval Patrick. Therese Murray served as president of the Senate and Robert DeLeo served as speaker of the House.
Discussion topics included the Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway.
Senators
Representatives
See also
112th United States Congress
List of Massachusetts General Courts
References
External links
(2011, 2012)
(includes some video)
Political history of Massachusetts
Massachusetts legislative sessions
massachusetts
2011 in Massachusetts
massachusetts
2012 in Massachusetts
The Cavnic mine is a large mine located in the northwest of Romania in Maramureș County, 26 km southwest of Baia Mare and 576 km north of the capital, Bucharest. Cavnic represents one of the largest polymetallic reserves in Romania having significant reserves of gold, silver, copper, lead and zinc amounting to 20 million tonnes of ore grading 1g/t gold, 30g/t silver, 2% lead, 3% zinc and 1% copper. The resources amount to 640,000 oz of gold, 19.2 million oz of silver, 400,000 tonnes of lead metal, 600,000 tonnes of zinc metal and 200,000 tonnes of copper metal.
References
Lead and zinc mines in Romania
Copper mines in Romania
Gold mines in Romania
Jenopappius is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are at least three described species in Jenopappius, found in Africa.
Species
These three species belong to the genus Jenopappius:
Jenopappius aethiopicus (de Saeger, 1944)
Jenopappius magyarmuzeum Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault, 2018
Jenopappius niger (de Saeger, 1944)
References
Microgastrinae
Reid-Woods House is a Mediterranean Revival-style house located at 373 Whitfield Avenue in the Whitfield Estates subdivision in the southern part of Manatee County, Florida. Built c. 1926, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
It is "a finely detailed" house with an irregular plan. It has "multiplanar roofs, including gable, hip, flat, and
shed roofs", with all but the flat roof sections covered by barrel clay tile.
Its interior floor plan remained intact as of its NRHP listing in 2000.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Manatee County, Florida
Houses completed in 1924
Houses in Manatee County, Florida
Mediterranean Revival architecture in Florida
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Florida
The 2006/07 FIS Freestyle Skiing World Cup was the twenty eight World Cup seasons in freestyle skiing organised by International Ski Federation. The season started on 9 December 2006 and ended on 3 March 2007. This season included five disciplines: aerials, moguls, dual moguls, ski cross and halfpipe.
Dual mogul events returned on world cup calendar as a separate title from moguls for last time.
Men
Moguls
Aerials
Ski Cross
Halfpipe
Ladies
Moguls
Aerials
Ski Cross
Halfpipe
Men's standings
Overall
Standings after 20 races.
Moguls
Standings after 7 races.
Aerials
Standings after 6 races.
Ski Cross
Standings after 3 races.
Halfpipe
Standings after 1 race.
Dual moguls
Standings after 3 races.
Ladies' standings
Overall
Standings after 19 races.
Moguls
Standings after 7 races.
Aerials
Standings after 6 races.
Ski Cross
Standings after 3 races.
Halfpipe
Standings after 1 race.
Dual moguls
Standings after 2 races.
Nations Cup
Overall
Standings after 39 races.
Men
Standings after 20 races.
Ladies
Standings after 19 races.
Footnotes
References
Freestyle Skiing World Cup
2007 in freestyle skiing
FIS Freestyle Skiing World Cup
Pedda Elikicherla is a village and Gram panchayat in Chowderguda mandal of Ranga Reddy district, Telangana, India.
Demographics
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Pedda Yelkicherla is as follows:
Total Population: 4,246 in 761 Households.
Male Population: 2,110 and Female Population: 2,136
Children Under 6-years of age: 837 (Boys - 425 and Girls - 412)
Total Literates: 1,273
References
Villages in Ranga Reddy district
Michael Dürsch (born 28 March 1957 in Herrsching, Bayern) is a retired German rower who won a gold medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
References
Rowers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic rowers of West Germany
Olympic gold medalists for West Germany
1957 births
Living people
Olympic medalists in rowing
West German male rowers
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
World Rowing Championships medalists for West Germany
People from Starnberg (district)
Sportspeople from Upper Bavaria
The Strong National Museum of Play (known as just The Strong Museum or simply the Strong) is part of The Strong in Rochester, New York, United States. Established in 1969 and based initially on the personal collection of Rochester native Margaret Woodbury Strong, the museum opened to the public in 1982, after several years of planning, cataloguing, and exhibition development for the museum's new building in downtown Rochester. For at least fifteen years after its opened, the mission of the museum was to interpret the social and cultural history of average Americans between 1830 and 1940, under the direction of H.J. Swinney and William T. Alderson. Mrs. Strong's collections of dolls and toys, American and European decorative arts, prints, paintings, Japanese crafts, and advertising ephemera provided a firm foundation for this mission, and were supplemented with collections purchased and donated to more fully support the museum's early mission. The museum received considerable local and national publicity and support and substantial financial support from the National Endowment for the Humanities' Exhibitions and Public Programs division.
In the 1990s, the museum's Board of Trustees and director changed the museum's mission to collecting, preserving, and interpreting the history of play. Since then it has refined and increased its collections (hundreds of thousands of items), and expanded twice, in 1997 and 2006.
The museum is now one of five Play Partners of The Strong, which is also home to the National Toy Hall of Fame, the International Center for the History of Electronic Games, and the Brian Sutton-Smith Library and Archives of Play, and produces the American Journal of Play.
About
Known originally as the Margaret Woodbury Strong Museum and later simply as the Strong Museum, it became the Strong National Museum of Play in 2006, after completing renovations and an expansion that nearly doubled its size to .
The National Museum of Play is the only collections-based museum anywhere devoted solely to the study of play, and although it is a history museum, it has the interactive characteristics of a children's museum, making it the second largest museum of that type in the United States. The museum includes exhibits that interpret the key elements of play, as well as allow guests to explore the worlds of Sesame Street, The Berenstain Bears, Reading Adventureland, and the Dancing Wings Butterfly Garden.
The museum's exhibits are immersively themed for video games, storybooks, television shows, education, nature, history, comic books, carousel and train rides, and children's lifestyles. eGameRevolution is the first permanent video game exhibit in the US and includes the World Video Game Hall of Fame. The National Toy Hall of Fame is at the museum. Dancing Wings Butterfly Garden features thousands of butterflies, and is the largest indoor butterfly garden in New York. The Berenstain Bears: Down a Sunny Dirt Road is an original, permanent exhibit produced in partnership with the Berenstain family.
The Strong Museum received a grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities to develop an interactive exhibit space to show the influence of video games on culture; the space is planned to open in 2022.
See also
Videotopia
References
External links
The National Museum of Play official website
American Journal of Play official website
The Strong National Museum of Play at Google Cultural Institute
Museums established in 1982
Children's museums in New York (state)
Museums in Rochester, New York
Toy museums in the United States
Smithsonian Institution affiliates
1982 establishments in New York (state)
"Dry County" is a song by American rock band Bon Jovi. It was released on March 7, 1994, as the sixth and final single from their fifth studio album, Keep the Faith (1992). It was written by Jon Bon Jovi and remixed specifically for the single release by Bob Clearmountain. Clocking in at 9 minutes and 52 seconds, "Dry County" is the longest song that Bon Jovi has ever recorded on a studio album. The single reached number nine on the UK Singles Chart and number six in Finland. It was not released in the United States or Canada. The edited 6 minute version wasn't commercially released in the UK, but was available in parts of Europe. In the UK, the single was issued as a two disc digipack complete with the first disc featuring the full length remix as well as live versions of 'Blood Money' and 'Stranger In This Town.' The second disc featured a full live version of 'Dry County' as well as a cover of the Rolling Stone's 'It's Only Rock & Roll' and a 'Waltzing Mathilda' sung by the bands drummer Tico Torres.
Lyrical interpretation
"Dry County" is about the decline of the U.S. domestic oil industry and its effect on those whose income relied on it. In live versions of the song, during the buildup to the second guitar solo, Jon Bon Jovi often includes a monologue about the struggles of life generally.
Song structure
"Dry County" is an epic ballad that contains several rises, climaxes, and instrumental solos, in the vein of such long rock epics as "Free Bird", "Child in Time", "Stairway to Heaven", "Telegraph Road", "I Want You (She's So Heavy)", "Bohemian Rhapsody", "New York City Serenade", "Jungleland" and "November Rain".
Live performances
Although "Dry County" is considered a fan favorite, it was only played regularly on the Keep the Faith Tour. On May 13, 2006, Bon Jovi played "Dry County" live at the first concert of the summer leg of their Have a Nice Day Tour in Düsseldorf, it was the first time it had been played live in 10 years, and went on to be performed on further occasions on that tour and on the band's more recent Lost Highway Tour. The band's followers often display signs requesting the song. It was also performed during The Circle Tour and Because We Can Tour. It was performed once on the House Is Not for Sale Tour in 2018 at the Allentown, Pennsylvania show.
Track listings
UK and European 7-inch single
A. "Dry County" – 9:36
B. "Stranger in This Town" (live)
UK CD1
"Dry County" (Clearmountain Mix) 9:36
"Stranger in This Town" (live)
"Blood Money" (live)
UK CD2
"Dry County" (live)
"It's Only Rock 'n' Roll" (live)
"Waltzing Matilda" (live)
Charts
References
1992 songs
1994 singles
Bon Jovi songs
Mercury Records singles
Song recordings produced by Bob Rock
Songs written by Jon Bon Jovi
Vertigo Records singles
Mount Cotton Hillclimb is a permanent tarmac hillclimbing circuit at Mount Cotton, Queensland, Australia.
It is owned and run by the MG Car Club of Queensland.
Club events are run at intervals of around 4–6 weeks.
The Queensland Hillclimb Championship is run there every year, and the Australian Hillclimb Championship is run there every 7 years.
References
http://www.trackattack.com.au/hillclimb
Hillclimbing
Motorsport venues in Queensland
Sports venues in Queensland
Redland City
Manuela Anwander (born January 9, 1992) is a German ice hockey forward.
International career
Anwander was selected for the Germany women's national ice hockey team in the 2014 Winter Olympics. She played in all five games, scoring one goal and adding one assists.
Anwander also played for Germany in the qualifying event for the 2014 Winter Olympics. She played in all three games, scoring one goal and adding two assists. She also appeared in the 2010 qualifying
As of 2014, Anwander has also appeared for Germany at four IIHF Women's World Championships. Her first appearance came in 2008.
Anwander made three appearances for the Germany women's national under-18 ice hockey team, at the IIHF World Women's U18 Championships, with the first in 2008.
Career statistics
International career
Through 2013–14 season
References
External links
Sports-Reference Profile
1992 births
Living people
German women's ice hockey forwards
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Germany
People from Munich (district)
Sportspeople from Upper Bavaria
The Russian Little Booker Prize (Малая Букеровская премия or Малый Букер) was an annual prize awarded in 1992-2001 for a nominated genre of writing. It was established in 1992 as part of the Russian Booker Prize. In 2000 it separated from the Russian Booker and became independent. The prize was founded by Francis Greene (son of Graham Greene), whose sponsorship was anonymous until 2000. The nominations differed every year, to complement the Russian Booker which is awarded for novels only.
The mission of the Little Booker was to identify and encourage the most interesting and modern tendencies in Russia's literary life. Up until 2000 Russian Little Booker was awarded at the Russian Booker prize ceremonies. In 2001 it was awarded at the Non-Fiction Book Fair in Moscow.
The prize award was 4000 GBP.
The Public Board
The Public Board of the Little Booker included:
1. Nikolai Aleksandrov ("Ekho Moskvy" radio station)
2. Aleksandr Gavrilov ("Ekslibris" newspaper)
3. Aleksandr Ivanov
4. Dmitri Prigov
5. Natalia Perova ("Glas" magazine)
Ilia Kukulin served as consultant.
Recipients
1992 - Magazines Solo (Moscow) and Vestnik novoi literatury (Sankt-Peterburg) for the best magazine of literary debuts
1993 - Victor Pelevin (Sinii fonar) for the year's best book of short stories
1994 - Volga (Saratov) for the Russia's best provincial magazine
1995 - Rodnik (Riga) and Idiot (Vitebsk) for the best Russian-language literary magazine published in Russia's neighboring countries
1996 - Sergei Gandlevskii (Trepanatsiia cherepa) for the best first book in prose
1997 - Mikhail Gasparov (Izbrannye stat'i), Alexander Goldstein (Rasstavanie s Nartsissom) for a historical and philosophical study of Russian literature
1998 - Emma Gerstein (Memuary, later translated to English as Moscow Memoirs), Mikhail Bezrodnyi (Konets tsitaty) for a memoir and an autobiography dealing with Russia's literary scene
1999 - Vladimir Bibikhin (Novyi renessans) for an essay that contributed significantly to the development of the genre
2000 - "Iuriatin" Foundation (Perm) for a literary project
2001 - Viktor Golyshev (translation of Ian McEwan's Amsterdam) for translation of a novel
References
Awards established in 1992
Russian literary awards
Cyber-Psychos AOD (CPAOD) is a book and magazine publishing venture based in Denver, Colorado, focusing on avant-garde and unusual art, culture, and writings. Founded in 1992 (magazine), and 1995 (CPAOD Books) by Jasmine Sailing, it has released 10 books and 10 issues of the magazine.
The magazine's unabbreviated title is Cyber-Psychos And Other Diversities, with a subtitle of "The Magazine of Mental Aberrations".
As stated by Ms. Sailing: "Horror, cyber-tech, science fiction, dark fantasy, surrealism, anything pleasantly insane. Please avoid sending straight-forward genre material, I only list these as an example of the general vicinities that might interest me. I have no problem with printing controversial material, in fact I heart it. My main prerogative is that the submission should be intelligent and capable of making people think."
CPAOD was the sponsor of the Death Equinox conventions held in Denver in the late 1990s, also known as
Cyber-Psycho Convergences".
Books published
StarBones Weep the Blood of Angels by Sue Storm
Nice Little Stories Jam-Packed With Depraved Sex & Violence by Michael Hemmingson
The Hanging Man by S. Darnbrook Colson
Stealing My Rules by Don Webb
Stigma: After World by Jeffrey A. Stadt
Snuff Flique by Michael Hemmingson
A Good Cuntboy is Hard to Find by Doug Rice
The Forbidden Gospels of Man-Cruel Volumes I and II by T. Winter-Damon & Randy Chandler
A Pound of Ezra by Gregory R. Hyde
Featured magazines
This is a list of featured magazine contents, in issue-number sequence:
#1 (July 1992): Martin Atkins, Alien Sex Fiend, Joel Haertling, Gordon Klock, Cyber-Cents
#2 (Samhain 1992): Godflesh, The Electric Hellfire Club, Rhys Fulber, Pamela Z, The Leather Pope
#3 (February 1993): Crash Worship, Starkland Records, Pigface, Nick Zedd, Edward Lee (interview)
#4 (May 1993): t. Winter-Damon (issue feature: interview, short fiction, non-fiction essays, art), Lucy Taylor (interview), D. F. Lewis (short fiction), G. X. Jupitter-Larsen, Type O Negative, Edward Lee (short fiction)
#5 (May 1994): Vampire Rodents, Pain Teens, Joe Christ, Julie Doucet, Bruce Boston
#6 (February 1995): Brian Hodge (issue feature: interview, short fiction, reviews), Sleep Chamber, Hakim Bey, Uncle River, Adam Parfrey
#7 (Autumn 1997): John Shirley (issue feature: interview, short fiction), Larry McCaffery, Paul M. Sammon, Carol Lay, Tiamat, Little Fyodor, Charlee Jacob (short fiction), Thomas Wiloch (short fiction)
#8 (1998–1999): Doug Rice, Lance & Andi Olsen, Michael Moynihan, Mason Jones, Misha, a William S. Burroughs tribute
#9 (1999–2000): Andrew Vachss (issue feature: interview, short fiction), R. N. Taylor, Don Webb, M. Parfitt, black tape for a blue girl, Arkov Kapacitor, M. Parfitt
#10 (2001–2002): Lance Olsen, Christopher Bale, Brian C. Clark of Permeable Press, M. Christian, Mason Jones, John Everson
Regular Features (appeared in multiple issues):
Cyber-Cents (bargain basement technology)
Little Fyodor's "A Few of the Interesting Characters I Found Under the Floorboards"
The Incredible 2-Headed TV Casualty (horror movie commentary from a 2-headed monster)
Personal Reality Essays
Comics
Multi-media reviews
Early issues also featured bonus insert items:
#1 included a cassette tape of Futura Ultima Erotica songs.
#2 had The Leather Pope mini-comic as an insert.
#3 came with a pack of Pain trading cards.
CPAOD contributors
Bruce Boston
M. Christian
John Everson
Little Fyodor
Michael Hemmingson
Brian Hodge
Charlee Jacob
Edward Lee
D. F. Lewis
Michael Moynihan
Lance Olsen
W. H. Pugmire
Andrew Vachss
Don Webb
Thomas Wiloch
T. Winter-Damon
References
External links
Small press publishing companies
Book publishing companies based in Colorado
Music magazines published in the United States
Literary magazines published in the United States
Publishing companies established in 1992
Magazines established in 1992
Magazines published in Colorado
Acanthaspis pedestris is a species of assassin bug that functions as a beneficial insect in agricultural systems.
References
Reduviidae
Insects described in 1863
Insects of Asia
Daulat may refer to:
Daulat (painter), Mughal painter
Daulat (1949 film)
Daulat (1982 film)
Daulat (2020 film)
Daulat Beg Oldi, Indian military base in Ladakh
People with the given name
Daulat Khan Lodi, 16th-century governor of Lahore
Daulat Rao Sindhia, Maharaja of Gwalior (d. 1827)
See also
al-Dawla
is a private junior college in Mitoyo, Kagawa, Japan. Originally established as a women's junior college in 1967, it became coeducational in 1987. In 2007 the school was selected for Good Practice, a funding program by the Ministry of Education.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1967
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Kagawa Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
The Church Street drill hall is a former military installation in Brighton. It is a Grade II listed building.
History
The building was designed by Edmund Scott as the headquarters of the 1st Volunteer Battalion, The Royal Sussex Regiment and was completed in 1890. This unit evolved to become the 6th (Cyclist) Battalion, The Royal Sussex Regiment but moved to Montpelier Place in Brighton before the First World War.
Meanwhile, the Sussex Imperial Yeomanry had been located at the Church Street drill hall from their re-formation in 1901. The regiment was mobilised at the drill hall in August 1914 before being deployed to Gallipoli and, ultimately, to the Western Front. After the First World War, the unit converted to artillery and was reduced to battery size, becoming 389 (Sussex Yeomanry) Battery, the 98th (Sussex Yeomanry) Brigade, Royal Field Artillery.
After the Second World War, the battery was reformed as P Battery, 344th (Sussex Yeomanry) Light Anti-Aircraft and Searchlight Regiment, Royal Artillery and then as P Battery, 258th (Sussex Yeomanry) Light Anti-Aircraft Regiment, Royal Artillery in 1955. After the defence cut-backs of 1967, the drill hall was decommissioned and became a Royal Mail sorting office and, more recently, it has been used as an antiques warehouse.
See also
Grade II listed buildings in Brighton and Hove: P–R
References
Drill halls in England
Buildings and structures in East Sussex
Grade II listed buildings in Brighton and Hove
The Picture of Dorian Gray (El retrato de Dorian Gray), is a 1969 Mexican telenovela, based on the 1890 novel The Picture of Dorian Gray by Oscar Wilde. The main character is the handsome young man called Dorian Gray (played by late Enrique Álvarez Félix).
Cast
Enrique Álvarez Félix as Dorian Gray
Carlos Bracho as Lord Henry
Carmen Montejo as Lady Wooton
Blanca Sánchez as Verónica
Nelly Meden as Elizabeth
Silvia Pasquel as Sybil Vane
Alicia Montoya
Claudia Islas
Anita Blanch as Lady Agatha
Héctor Sáez as James Vane
See also
Adaptations of The Picture of Dorian Gray
Notes
External links
The Picture of Dorian Gray
Mexican telenovelas
Televisa telenovelas
Spanish-language telenovelas
1969 telenovelas
1969 Mexican television series debuts
1969 Mexican television series endings
Works based on The Picture of Dorian Gray
On 28 June 2018, a large fire destroyed 15 homes and several stalls at the Gikomba Market in Nairobi, Kenya. The fire burned from 2:30 a.m. to 4:30 a.m., killing 15 people.
See also
Gikomba bombings
References
2018 fires
2018 in Kenya
2010s fires in Africa
2010s in Nairobi
Fires in Kenya
June 2018 events in Africa
Güneyfelekettin is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 183 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Blue Stars is a Dutch basketball club based in Diemen, North Holland. The club played in the top tier Eredivisie during the 60s, 70s and 80s.
History
Blue Stars Basketball was founded in 1947 by Jan Janbroers and is one of the oldest basketball clubs in the Netherlands. The men's team was in 1960 one of the founders of the Premier League and has won several national titles and national cups. Between 1970 and 1973, Blue Stars sponsored by Fiat and they were called temporarily "Fiat Stars". Hereafter called the team between 1973 and 1976 "Gerard Long Blue Stars". After the termination of this sponsorship agreement, the Blue Stars stopped in the premier league.
Doing since the fifties Blue Stars along at the top of the women's league. With twenty championships Blue Stars, the club with the most league titles in the history of the Dutch women's basketball. In the seventies, the Blue Stars ladies formed the basis of the Dutch team.
Today
At present Blue Stars has no more teams at the highest level. In 2007, they had only 27 members and stood Blue Stars for choosing whether or not to proceed with the association. Blue Stars has then taken by a number of enthusiasts, the decision to go ahead and blow new life into the club. From that moment on Blue Stars started again with a youth section. Blue Stars Men 1 and 2 are in the Rayon. Other teams from the region classes of Amsterdam region. Blue Stars has in the 2013-2014 season more than 130 members.
Honours
(Men)
Dutch League
Winners (2): 1958-59, 1969–70
Dutch Cup
Winners (1): 1972-73
(Women)
Dutch League
Winners (20): 1950-51, 1951–52, 1952–53, 1953–54, 1954–55, 1955–56, 1956–57, 1957–58, 1958–59, 1961–62, 1962–63, 1963–64, 1965–66, 1968–69, 1970–71, 1971–72, 1972–73, 1973–74, 1974–75, 1975-76
Dutch Cup
Winners (15): 1950-51, 1953–54, 1954–55, 1955–56, 1956–57, 1957–58, 1962–63, 1967–68, 1968–69, 1970–71, 1971–72, 1972–73, 1973–74, 1974–75, 1975–76
Notable players
Jan Willem Jansen
Ton Boot
External links
Official website
Basketball teams in the Netherlands
Basketball teams established in 1947
1947 establishments in the Netherlands
Diemen
Sport in North Holland
Lipovicë or Lipovica (, ) is a village in Lipjan municipality. It is next to the Blinaja Park where people go hunting in Kosovo.
Annotations
References
Villages in Lipljan
Dermide Louis Napoléon Leclerc (20 April 1798 – 14 August 1804) was the only child of Pauline Bonaparte (later suo jure Duchess of Guastalla) and her husband, French Army general Charles Leclerc. Through his mother, Dermide was a nephew of the future Emperor Napoleon I.
In 1802, during the Haitian Revolution, Dermide arrived on the island-colony of Saint-Domingue with his parents, as part of the Saint-Domingue expedition. After his father's death of yellow fever later during the year, Dermide and Pauline were brought back to France. In 1803, Pauline remarried, this time to Italian nobleman Camillo Borghese, and she took up residence, along with her husband and son, in Rome. Always a frail child, Dermide died of a fever at the age of six, three months after his uncle became Emperor and two years before his mother's proclamation as Duchess of Guastalla.
Biography
Early life
Dermide was born on 20 April 1798, in Milan, which was then part of the Cisalpine Republic, a puppet state of the First French Republic. He was the first and only child of his parents, Maria Paola di Buonaparte (known as Pauline) and Charles Victoire Emmanuel Leclerc, a general in the French Army. Dermide's birth was a difficult one, and its effects would be visible in Pauline's health for many years. He was christened Dermide Louis Napoléon, after a character in the (in fact spurious) epic Gaelic poems of Ossian, at the request of his uncle, general Napoleon Bonaparte, who greatly admired Ossian's works.
He was the eldest surviving son born to one of the Bonaparte siblings (Joseph, Napoleon, Lucien, Elisa, Louis, Pauline, Caroline and Jérôme, most of which would later receive ruling positions in their brother's client states). Six weeks after his birth, on 29 May 1798, Dermide was baptised "with imperial ceremony" at a Capuchin church in Milan. Charles Louis Huguet, marquis de Sémonville stood as witness and Napoleon served as godfather. The baptism was welcomed by the Milanese people with gun salutes, ringing of church bells, music and shouting, just as had been done at the births of Austrian archdukes during the Austrian Rule. Following a quarrel with officials of the Cisalpine Republic, Leclerc took his wife and son to Paris, where they established themselves at No. 1, Rue de la Victoire. Napoleon resided on the same street, albeit at No. 6. Meanwhile, after a coup d'état in 1799, the French Consulate was established and Napoleon installed himself as First Consul.
In 1791, the Haitian Revolution had begun in Saint-Domingue (present-day Haiti), which had been a French colony since 1697. Wanting to restore French authority on the island, Napoleon organised the Saint-Domingue expedition, placing Leclerc in charge and bestowing upon him the title of Governor-General of Saint-Domingue. Consequently, on 14 December 1801, Leclerc embarked on the flagship L'Océan at Brest with his wife and son, and sailed for Saint-Domingue, which they eventually reached on 28 January 1802. While Leclerc quickly left the ship, Pauline and Dermide remained on board. Although Dermide was initially healthy and Leclerc had assured Napoleon that his son had "survived the crossing from France better than anyone", both mother and son suffered episodes of yellow fever while they were at Le Cap, nonetheless recovering quickly. Dermide was apportioned to a grenadier at Port-au-Prince and spent much of his time playing. On 2 November, Leclerc, who had been ill with yellow fever, died at Tortuga. Preparations for Pauline and Dermide's departure from Saint-Domingue were completed quickly, and they left the colony aboard , arriving at Toulon on New Year's Day 1803.
Later life
Pauline found a temporary place to live for her and Dermide at her brother Joseph's hotel in the Rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré. Eventually, they settled in the Château de Montgobert, her husband's former estate, which was Dermide's inheritance from his father. Napoleon did not wish for Pauline to remain without a husband and, as such, Roman nobleman Camillo Borghese, 6th Prince of Sulmona was selected with the help of Pope Pius VII. Thus, on 14 November 1803, Pauline, Camillo and Dermide set out on a journey towards Rome. Dermide had his own carriage, drawn by six horses, which he shared with his governess, Madame Ducluzel, and with his mother's lectrice (reader), Jenny Saint-Maur. In one of the cities through which they passed, a gendarme asked the family who they were, upon which Dermide replied, "Messieurs, it is the son of General Leclerc traveling with his suite." Saint-Maur swiftly corrected him, albeit "admiring his spirit". The family took up residence at the Palazzo Borghese in Rome.
Pauline, being "family minded", welcomed her brother Lucien, who had been living in exile at the Villa Rufinella in Frascati, during his visits in Rome and valued his children, Charlotte (b. 1795), Christine (b. 1798) and Charles Lucien (b. 1803), as Dermide's playmates. Dermide captivated Lucien and his wife, Alexandrine de Bleschamp, and the couple observed that Borghese was not very affectionate towards Pauline's son. Lucien even considered Dermide as a possible future husband for his daughter Christine. In hopes of restoring her health, Pauline and Borghese agreed that they should travel to Florence in the summer of 1804, and from there to the thermal baths of Pisa, which were hoped to have better effect than the ones at Frascati. Pauline wanted to take Dermide with them, but Borghese advised against it, instead proposing to leave Dermide with his brother Francesco in Frascati, near Lucien's Villa Rufinella. Thus, Dermide, Madame Ducluzel and his tutor, Monsieur de la Ronde, were moved to Francesco's Villa Mondragone.
Death
By August, Lucien, his children and Dermide had all suffered from bouts of fever. Doctors saw no cause for alarm and Lucien quickly recovered, as did his children. Despite the doctors' best efforts, Dermide died on 14 August, at the age of six. Pauline later came to believe her son's blood had been thinned by the recurrent spells of yellow fever they had suffered in Saint-Domingue. Borghese decided to conceal Dermide's death from his wife until her health improved. Thus, Francesco returned to Frascati and wrote three letters addressed to Pauline: one which announced the onset of Dermide's illness, the second announcing that the illness worsened and the third announcing Dermide's demise. Immediately after receiving the first letter, Pauline began making preparations for her departure from Pisa, in order to reach her son at Frascati. Before this was possible, she became aware of the truth and her suspicions were confirmed by de la Ronde.
Pauline was grief-stricken and later said "My poor little boy. If only I had been with him...I would have nursed him as I nursed his father". She came to blame Borghese for his decision to send Dermide to Frascati and called him "the butchest of my son", believing that, had it not been for her husband, her son "would still be alive". Leclerc's parents accused Pauline of having neglected Dermide, leaving him to die under the care of servants, when she could have left him in France, to live with them. Nonetheless, Pauline had her son buried at the Château de Montgobert, next to General Leclerc. Dermide's inheritance reverted to his father's family and, in spite of her wishes to be buried beside her son and first husband at Montgobert, Pauline was buried at the Saint Mary Major Basilica in Rome upon her death in 1825.
Ancestry
References
Footnotes
Endnotes
Bibliography
External links
Dermide Leclerc at thePeerage.com.
1798 births
1804 deaths
Nobility from Milan
Rome in the Napoleonic Wars
Royalty and nobility who died as children
Shimek State Forest is an Iowa state forest maintained by the Iowa Department of Natural Resources. Its five units are strung along the Des Moines River a few miles above its confluence with the Upper Mississippi River in Lee and Van Buren Counties in the southeast corner of Iowa. Its contain one of the largest remaining contiguous forests in the state with large stands of mixed oak-hickory forest with about 1,000 acres (4 km²) of planted pine.
The Farmington (), Lick Creek (), Donnellson () and Croton () units are near Farmington, where the Iowa Bureau of Forestry administrative office is located. The Keosauqua () unit is upriver, opposite Keosauqua and adjoins Lacey-Keosauqua State Park and wildlife management areas. The Croton unit is near the site of the Battle of Athens, the most northerly battle of the Civil War, and the only one fought (in part) in Iowa.
The forest has extensive recreational facilities. Campgrounds, fishing, hunting, hiking trails, horseback riding trails and equine facilities are offered.
Its earliest development was by the Civilian Conservation Corps on exhausted, abandoned farmland. In 1950 it was named for Dr. Bohumil Shimek, a Czech-American naturalist, conservationist, and university professor at the State University of Iowa.
Sources
Iowa State Forests, Iowa Department of Natural Resources, Retrieved July 27, 2007
Shimek State Forest, Iowa Department of Natural Resources, Retrieved July 27, 2007
Iowa state forests
Protected areas of Lee County, Iowa
Protected areas of Van Buren County, Iowa
Civilian Conservation Corps in Iowa
Czech-American culture in Iowa
The ocellated thrasher (Toxostoma ocellatum) is a species of bird in the family Mimidae. It is endemic to Mexico.
Taxonomy and systematics
The ocellated thrasher has two subspecies, the nominate T. o. ocellatum and T. o. villai.
Description
The ocellated thrasher is long; 14 specimens weighed . Adults' upperparts are dark brown and have a slight olive wash. They have a dull white to buff supercilium and brown cheeks. The folded wings show two white bars and the outer tail feathers have narrow white tips. The underparts are whitish darkening to buff on the belly and brown on the flanks. The breast, sides, and flanks have bold black spots.
Distribution and habitat
The nominate subspecies of ocellated thrasher is found in central Mexico from San Luis Potosí south to the states of Hidalgo and México. T. o. villai is found in southern Mexico between Puebla and Oaxaca.
The ocellated thrasher inhabits a variety of landscapes including arid and semi-arid scrub and the brushy understory of oak and pine-oak forests. In elevation it ranges from .
Behavior
Feeding
The ocellated thrasher forages mostly in dense vegetation, on the ground or near it. Though its diet has not been documented, it is presumed to be mostly arthropods, other invertebrates, and possibly fruit.
Breeding
Very little is known about the ocellated thrasher's breeding phenology. Its nest is a cup made of twigs and grass sited in a bush or tree. The clutch size is believed to be two.
Vocalization
The ocellated thrasher's song is "a varied, rich warbling in which phrases are repeated two or three times", often sung from atop a bush or tree. Its calls include "a hard, slightly smacking to gruff chehk or tchehk".
Status
The IUCN has assessed the ocellated thrasher as being of The Least Concern. However, it has a fairly small range and its population and population trend are unknown.
References
Further reading
Peterson, Roger Tory & Edward L. Chalif (1973) A Field Guide to Mexican Birds, Houghton Mifflin.
van Perlo, Ber (2006) A Field Guide to the Birds of Mexico and Central America, Collins.
ocellated thrasher
Endemic birds of Mexico
ocellated thrasher
ocellated thrasher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tehuacán Valley matorral
Egil Peter Harvold (1912 – November 17, 1992) was an American orthodontist who is known for developing a Cephalometric analysis known as Harvold Analysis. He also is known to have contributed significantly towards the understanding of the orofacial clefts and craniofacial development.
Life
Harvold received his degrees in medicine and dentistry in Germany and Norway respectively. He practiced as an orthodontist in 1937 in Norway. After few years of practicing orthodontics, he received his Ph.D. in anatomy from Oslo, Norway. Because of his interested in cleft lip and palate and other craniofacial anomalies, he became interested in becoming a research fellow at a dental institute in Oslo. He eventually came to University of Michigan for teaching for a couple of years. After then, he went to University of Toronto in 1959, where he became a professor and head of the orthodontic department until 1961.
In 1963, he headed off to University of California, San Francisco, where he became the director of Center of Craniofacial Anomalies until his retirement in 1980. Harvold's research focused on interrelationship between genetic and environmental factors in development of the head and face.
He died in Oslo, Norway, in 1992 at the age of 80.
Awards and positions
The Royal College of Dentists of Canada Award
University of Toronto & University of Wales, honorary degrees
International Society of Craniofacial Biology, president
Department of Medicine and Surgery, Veteran's Administration, member
References
American dentists
Orthodontists
1912 births
1992 deaths
University of Michigan faculty
20th-century dentists
Norwegian emigrants to the United States
Patrice Bianchi (born 10 April 1969 in Bourg-Saint-Maurice) is a French former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1969 births
Living people
French male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of France
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
People from Bourg-Saint-Maurice
Sportspeople from Savoie
Humberto Solano (9 December 1944 – 18 June 2010) was a Costa Rican cyclist. He competed in the individual road race at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1944 births
2010 deaths
Costa Rican male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Costa Rica
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from San José, Costa Rica
The Samsung Ativ Tab 3 is a tablet manufactured by Samsung. The Ativ Tab 3 was announced on June 20, 2013 at the Samsung Premier 2013 event in London, incorporates a dual-core 1.8 GHz Intel Atom Z2760 processor, and runs the Windows 8 operating system.
The incorporation of Windows 8 instead Windows RT operating system of its predecessor has received mostly favourable reviews, the Ativ Tab 3 itself received positive reviews for its lightweight design, its pre-loaded software such as a free Microsoft Office suite, and its overall performance for a device positioned as a budget device.
Hardware
The design of the Ativ Tab is relatively similar to its Android-based counterparts (such as the Galaxy Tab 3 10.1 and the Galaxy Note 10.1 2014 Edition)built using a mixture of plastic and glass. A micro HDMI port and a microUSB port are incorporated into the design, as well as a volume rocker, power button and MicroSD slot are located on the top. A physical Windows button is located directly below the screen. A charging port and headphone jack located on the left edge. The Ativ Tab 3 uses a IPS display at a resolution of 1366x768. The tablet is available with either 32 GB or 64 GB of internal storage.
Reception
Whilst demoing the device at the Samsung Premier 2013 event, TechRadar praised the Ativ Tab 3's Windows 8 operating system, lightweight design, and the ability to expand its functionality and storage with its S-Pen and keyboard cover package. However, it was also said thought that there is a minimal amount of USB ports which was due to its slim design which was seen as similar only to that of its Android counterparts. Yet overall they deemed the device as "a decent device in its own right".
CNET said that despite not having the lightning speeds of processors such as the Intel i7, the Ativ Tab 3 performs exceptionally well in basic tasks for a budget Windows 8 tablet. The tablet's relatively fast performance, battery life, pre-loaded software, and lightweight design were regarded as positive aspectsdespite considering the design itself to be merely recycled from its Android counterparts. The Intel Z2760 chipset used in the Ativ Tab 3 was also judged as an adequate processor for the device noting that its performance was sufficient and responsive in comparison to the chipsets used in competing Windows 8 devices. The addition of the S-Pen and, in some regions, the free Bluetooth keyboard-cover accessory is greatly welcomed in increasing the device's productivity.
See also
List of Windows 8 devices
Samsung Ativ
References
Ativ Tab 3
Tablet computers
Tablet computers introduced in 2013
de:Samsung Ativ#Ativ Tab
Arthur Maranda (16 May 1887 – 25 February 1946) was a Canadian athlete. He competed in three events at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
1887 births
1946 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Canadian male long jumpers
Canadian male triple jumpers
Olympic track and field athletes of Canada
Athletes from Montreal
Elliott H. Margulies is director of scientific research at Illumina Cambridge. He was previously an investigator at the National Human Genome Research Institute (NHGRI) focusing on the use of high-throughput DNA sequencing technologies to elucidate basic genome biology and important clinical problems.
Awards
Dr. Margulies was awarded a Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers in 2007.
References
American geneticists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Rutgers University alumni
University of Michigan alumni
The 1989 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1989 NCAA Division I-A football season. The Bulldogs improved on the previous season's 1–10 record but were still unable to qualify for a bowl game.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
The 2016–17 season was Partick Thistle's fourth consecutive season in the top flight of Scottish football and their fourth season Scottish Premiership, having been promoted from the Scottish First Division at the end of the 2012–13 season. Thistle also competed in the League Cup and the Scottish Cup.
Scottish Premiership
Scottish League Cup
Group Stage
Results
Group E Table
Knockout Stage
Scottish Cup
Squad statistics
Appearances
|-
|colspan="14"|Players away from the club on loan:
|-
|colspan="14"|Players who left Partick Thistle during the season:
|}
Goal scorers
Disciplinary record
Results summary
Transfers
In
Out
Loans in
Loans out
Released
Trial
See also
List of Partick Thistle F.C. seasons
Notes
References
External links
Official website
Partick Thistle F.C. seasons
Partick Thistle
Ljiljana Aranđelović (Serbian Cyrillic: Љиљана Аранђеловић) (born February 16, 1963) is a Serbian politician and former presidential candidate in the 2004 Serbian presidential election.
She is a journalist and she has been an editor of many newspapers and RTV Ćuprija.
Her party, United Serbia, was created from the Party of Serbian Unity. She is its deputy president.
References
1963 births
Living people
United Serbia politicians
Candidates for President of Serbia
21st-century Serbian women politicians
21st-century Serbian politicians
Serbian women journalists
Women newspaper editors
Serbian newspaper editors
is a Japanese actress and gravure idol who is affiliated with ABC Project. She graduated from Sunrise Women Gakuen High School.
Filmography
TV series
References
External links
Oricon Style profile
Japanese actresses
Japanese gravure idols
Japanese television personalities
1980 births
Living people
People from Nagano Prefecture
Continuous stationery (UK) or continuous form paper (US) is paper which is designed for use with dot-matrix and line printers with appropriate paper-feed mechanisms. Other names include fan-fold paper, sprocket-feed paper, burst paper, lineflow (New Zealand), tractor-feed paper, and pin-feed paper. It can be single-ply (usually woodfree uncoated paper) or multi-ply (either with carbon paper between the paper layers, or multiple layers of carbonless copy paper), often described as multipart stationery or forms. Continuous stationery is often used when the final print medium is less critical in terms of the appearance at the edges, and when continuously connected individual sheets are not inconvenient for the application. Individual sheets can be separated at the perforation (leaving a slight serration), and sheets also have edges with punched holes, which also can be removed at the perforation (one typical format).
Shape and form
Most continuous form paper is punched longitudinally along both edges with regularly spaced engagement holes that engage with sprocket wheels or toothed belts on the "tractor" which move the paper through the printer. It is usually perforated transversely with a line of closely spaced holes or slits which form a tear edge that allows it to be torn neatly into separate pages after printing; when fed through the printer the paper is simply a continuous sheet.
After printing the separated sheets can be held in binders by using the sprocket holes when simply required as a record. Alternatively some types of continuous form paper also have longitudinal perforations along each edge inside the engagement holes, allowing the strips with sprocket holes to be torn off the printed page.
The tear perforations may be short slits, which leave noticeable serrations when torn apart, acceptable for many business documents such as invoices or basic data (such as computer code). Where better appearance is necessary the perforations can be much finer, leaving an almost perfectly smooth edge (microperforations, microperf for short).
Continuous form paper of all types remains in production, although largely supplanted with the introduction of fast laser printers with single-sheet feed. Continuous stationery printed on a suitable printer is typically cheaper than laser printing although the output is of lower quality. If an impact printer is used multiple simultaneous copies can be printed on multipart forms. Many laser printers can print on both sides of the paper (duplex printing), which is not possible with continuous stationery.
Standard perforations are 5/32 inch in diameter (3.96875mm, sometimes called 4mm) and are spaced at 1/2 inch center-to-center. Tear-off horizontal perforations at page top/bottom are exactly in-between standard perforations, at whatever regular interval is used for that particular paper.
When the perforated edges of the paper are manufactured so that they tear off the pages in strips, those strips are known as "perfory."
Common types
The highest grade of continuous form paper uses a heavy bond weight similar to typing paper. Perforations are very small and close together, referred to as microperforations or microperf, to allow the sheets to be separated and the sprocket hole strip ("perfory," see "Shape and Form" section) torn off leaving a very smooth edge almost as if guillotine-cut.
The cheapest grade of continuous form paper is often preprinted with bars of light green lines across its width, to facilitate following a line of information across the page, a type commonly referred to as green bar, music or music-ruled paper. It is a very lightweight bond, usually without slit perforations to remove the engagement hole strips.
Common sizes:
241mm x 279mm (9.5in x 11in)
381mm x 279mm (15in x 11in)
Printing, separation and binding
Printing
Printing on continuous forms was at one time the basis for many business operations, not the least of which the direct mail industry. Reader's Digest and Publisher's Clearing House relied heavily on these forms to promote their products (most often via sweepstakes), issue billing, address form letter correspondence, and manage their own business data needs. Continuous form paper is used in some of the fastest types of printing systems, some of which print text at a rate of 20,000 lpm (lines per minute). This will produce about 400 pages per minute, using about 8-11 large boxes of paper for every hour of printing (affected by character density, and other details such as paper weight). Direct mail, as an industry overall, has been accused of being environmentally unfriendly, due to a high percentage of the mail being discarded without being read.
Decollator
A decollator separates multi-part continuous form paper into separate stacks of one-part continuous form paper and may also remove the carbon paper.
Burster
A burster is a machine that separates one-part continuous form paper into separate, individual, sheets along the transverse perforations. A burster was typically used with printed continuous form paper applications such as mass-mail advertising, invoices, and account statements. The machine has two sets of rollers; the first (infeed) runs at a given speed, the second (outfeed) located a specific distance away, running at a higher speed. The first form is gripped by the infeed roller and moves under the second roller. Due to the higher speed, the forms is stretched taut, forcing the perforation against a knife, thus separating the form from the continuous form. The continuous form paper then advances into the feed rollers to burst the next sheet. Bursting is often a high-speed process that allows the continuous form paper to feed in at a steady rate, with burst pages either stacked or fed into a single-sheet conveyance to the next paper processing stage. Burster equipment and paper manufactures had to generate perforation specifications so that the paper perforations reliably separated under the force of pulling the sheets apart and not tear down into the printed part of the sheet.
Large continuous documents might not be split into separate sheets. By continuously folding two single sided printed sheets back-to-back and binding together a stack of continuous form paper along one of the folded edges, it is possible to flip through the stack like a book of double-sided printed pages. With this technique, the stack is normally flipped top to bottom or bottom to top rather than side to side.
History
This paper type was developed for use with autographic registers around 1910, was later adopted by tabulating machines beginning in the 1920s, and its use grew with the introduction of commercial computers in the 1950s. IBM cards, preprinted, optionally numbered and pre-punched, were available as continuous form cards and were used for checks and other documents. Continuous form paper became widely used and well known to the general public in the 1980s due to the development of microcomputers and inexpensive dot-matrix consumer printers.
Continuous form paper began to disappear from the consumer market in the 1990s as desktop publishing, and WYSIWYG document generation became more popular and widespread. Consumers were willing to pay more to get a laser printer or inkjet printer that could produce near-typeset-quality documents. These printers accept standard size cut sheets (letter, legal or A4) of paper and do not require continuous form paper. Continuous form paper continues to be used in specialty commercial and industrial markets and, as of 2021, is still available from large retailers of office supplies such as OfficeMax and Staples.
See also
Film perforations
Notes and references
The Free Online Dictionary of Computing
External links
Related info at the Free On-Line Dictionary Of Computing
Photo of a decollator in operation
Photo of a decollator and a burster
Paper products
Stationery
Computer printers
Brian Higgins (born 1959) is a U.S. Representative for New York.
Brian Higgins may also refer to:
Brian Higgins (sportscaster) (born 1982), American radio sportscaster
Brian Higgins (producer) (born 1966), British music producer
Brian Higgins (poet) (1930–1965), Irish poet, mathematician and rugby league player
See also
Brian Higgins, American alleged conspirator in the Gretchen Whitmer kidnapping plot
Bryan Higgins (1741–1818), Irish scientist
Bryan Higgins, member of the hip-hop group Leaders of the New School
Bryan Higgins (cricketer) (1927-2003), New Zealand cricketer
Brian O'Higgins (1882–1963), Irish politician
Hypomicrogaster is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are more than 40 described species in Hypomicrogaster, found in North, Central, and South America.
Species
These 48 species belong to the genus Hypomicrogaster:
Hypomicrogaster acarnas Nixon, 1965
Hypomicrogaster aodoa Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster aplebis Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster areolaris (Blanchard, 1947)
Hypomicrogaster cernus Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster crocina Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster daktulios Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster deltis Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster duo Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster ecus Nixon, 1965
Hypomicrogaster epipagis Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster espera Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster evrys Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster guille Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster hektos Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster hupsos Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster imitator (Ashmead, 1900)
Hypomicrogaster ingensis Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster insolita Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster inversalis Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster koinos Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster larga Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster laxa Valerio & Mason, 2015
Hypomicrogaster linearis Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster lineata Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster luisi Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster masoni Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster mesos Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster mikrosus Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster multa Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster pablouzagai (Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault, 2016)
Hypomicrogaster pectinata Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster plagios Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster pollex Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster rugosa Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster samarshalli (Fernández-Triana, 2010)
Hypomicrogaster scindus Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster sicingens Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster sicpollex Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster sicscindus Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster siderion Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster spatulae Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster specialis Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster tantilla Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster tetra Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster tydeus Nixon, 1965
Hypomicrogaster zan Valerio, 2015
Hypomicrogaster zonaria (Say, 1836)
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
The Mayor of Vicenza is an elected politician who, along with the Vicenza's City Council, is accountable for the strategic government of Vicenza in Veneto, Italy. The current Mayor is Francesco Rucco, a centre-right independent, who took office on 13 June 2018.
Overview
According to the Italian Constitution, the Mayor of Vicenza is member of the City Council.
The Mayor is elected by the population of Vicenza, who also elects the members of the City Council, controlling the Mayor's policy guidelines and is able to enforce his resignation by a motion of no confidence. The Mayor is entitled to appoint and release the members of his government.
Since 1995 the Mayor is elected directly by Vicenza's electorate: in all mayoral elections in Italy in cities with a population higher than 15,000 the voters express a direct choice for the mayor or an indirect choice voting for the party of the candidate's coalition. If no candidate receives at least 50% of votes, the top two candidates go to a second round after two weeks. The election of the City Council is based on a direct choice for the candidate with a preference vote: the candidate with the majority of the preferences is elected. The number of the seats for each party is determined proportionally.
Italian Republic (since 1946)
City Council election (1946-1995)
From 1946 to 1995, the Mayor of Vicenza was elected by the City's Council.
Direct election (since 1995)
Since 1995, under provisions of new local administration law, the Mayor of Vicenza is chosen by direct election.
Timeline
References
External links
Vicenza
Politics of Veneto
Vicenza
Jason Gilkison (born c. 1985) is an Australian professional ballroom dance champion and choreographer.
Early life
Gilkison was born in Perth, Australia. He was raised by his single mum, Kay. At age 4, he began dancing at the Perth ballroom dance studio, founded by his grandparents Sam and Ronnie Gilkison, the first of its kind in Australia. Gilkison has lived in Sydney, London, England and Los Angeles, United States.
He realised he was gay when he was 16 or 17.
Dance career
At the age of 7 Gilkison was first paired with Peta Roby. Gilkison formed a professional partnership with Peta Roby in 1980 and were undefeated Australian Latin champions from 1981 to 1997. At age 23, Gilkison and Roby were the ranked pair in Ten-Dance Competition.
In 1990, Gilkison and Roby received the "Young Australian of the Year" Award. In 1991, they became the residing teachers at one of London's most prestigious ballroom schools, where they remained for seven years, training many of the world's leading dancers.
Stage
Gilkison has served as choreographer and director for the ballroom dance stage show Burn the Floor Gilkison's longtime dance partner Roby served as associate producer of the show. Burn the Floor began touring in 1999 and reached Broadway, Manhattan in 2009.
In 2012, Gilkison choreographed Dancing with the Stars: Live in Las Vegas, a live stage show at the Tropicana in Las Vegas featuring celebrities and dancers from ABC's Dancing with the Stars. The production opened in April 2012 and ran for twelve weeks.
TV and film
In 2008, Gilkison became a contributing choreographer for Australian version of the American reality dance-off series So You Think You Can Dance. Months later he joined the US version. Superstars of Dance, which he co-choreographed with Nakul Dev Mahajan.
As of 2014, Gilkison worked as the director of choreography on BBC One's Strictly Come Dancing.
As choreographer
So You Think You Can Dance
So You Think You Can Dance Australia
As judge
In 2014, Jason Gilkison joined the judging panel on the 4th season of So You Think You Can Dance Australia alongside Aaron Cash, Shannon Holtzapffel and Paula Abdul.
See also
Index of dance articles
List of dances
List of ethnic, regional, and folk dances by origin
Outline of dance
References
External links
Australian ballroom dancers
Living people
Australian choreographers
So You Think You Can Dance choreographers
LGBT entertainers from Australia
Year of birth missing (living people)
1980s births
The complement fixation test is an immunological medical test that can be used to detect the presence of either specific antibody or specific antigen in a patient's serum, based on whether complement fixation occurs. It was widely used to diagnose infections, particularly with microbes that are not easily detected by culture methods, and in rheumatic diseases. However, in clinical diagnostics labs it has been largely superseded by other serological methods such as ELISA and by DNA-based methods of pathogen detection, particularly PCR.
Process
The complement system is a system of serum proteins that react with antigen-antibody complexes. If this reaction occurs on a cell surface, it will result in the formation of trans-membrane pores and therefore destruction of the cell. The basic steps of a complement fixation test are as follows:
Serum is separated from the patient.
Patients naturally have different levels of complement proteins in their serum. To negate any effects this might have on the test, the complement proteins in the patient's serum must be destroyed and replaced by a known amount of standardized complement proteins.
The serum is heated in such a way that all of the complement proteins—but none of the antibodies—within it are destroyed. (This is possible because complement proteins are much more susceptible to destruction by heat than antibodies.)
A known amount of standard complement proteins are added to the serum. (These proteins are frequently obtained from guinea pig serum.)
The antigen of interest is added to the serum.
Sheep red blood cells (sRBCs) which have been pre-bound to anti-sRBC antibodies are added to the serum. The test is considered negative if the solution turns pink at this point and positive otherwise.
If the patient's serum contains antibodies against the antigen of interest, they will bind to the antigen in step 3 to form antigen-antibody complexes. The complement proteins will react with these complexes and be depleted. Thus when the sRBC-antibody complexes are added in step 4, there will be no complement left in the serum. However, if no antibodies against the antigen of interest are present, the complement will not be depleted and it will react with the sRBC-antibody complexes added in step 4, lysing the sRBCs and spilling their contents into the solution, thereby turning the solution pink.
Testing for antigen
While detection of antibodies is the most common test format, it is equally possible to test for the presence of antigen. In this case, the patient's serum is supplemented with specific antibody to induce formation of complexes; addition of complement and indicator sRBC is performed as before.
Semi-quantitative testing
The test can be made quantitative by setting up a series of dilutions of patient serum and determining the highest dilution factor that will still yield a positive CF test. This dilution factor corresponds to the titer.
References
External links
Blood tests
Immunologic tests
Melaleuca diosmatifolia, commonly known as rosy paperbark and pink honey-myrtle is a plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae and is native to Queensland and New South Wales in Australia. It was formerly known as Melaleuca erubescens but is not closely related to Melaleuca diosmifolia although the species name has the same meaning. It has pointed, non-prickly leaves and cylindrical spikes of pink or purple flowers.
Description
Melaleuca diosmatifolia is a shrub with hard, rough grey bark growing to a height of about . Its leaves are arranged alternately on the stem, each leaf long, wide, almost circular in cross-section and ending with a point. They also have a few distinct oil glands
The pinkish-purple to deep mauve flowers are arranged on a spike up to long and diameter, usually at the end of branches which continue to grow after the flowering period. Each spike contains between 15 and 50 separate flowers, each flower with five (rarely six) bundles of stamens, each bundle with 15 to 26 stamens. Flowering mainly occurs from November to December but also through to May and is followed by fruit which are woody capsules about long.
Taxonomy and naming
Melaleuca diosmatifolia was first formally described in 1811 by Georges Louis Marie Dumont de Courset in Le Botaniste Cultivateur.
The specific epithet (diosmatifolia) refers to an apparent similarity of the leaves of this species to those of Diosma.
Distribution and habitat
Melaleuca diosmatifolia occurs on the ranges and western slopes of New South Wales and Queensland from the Darling Downs south to the Temora and Griffith districts and to coastal areas near Sydney. It grows in open forest and in areas subject to flooding.
Use in horticulture
This species is relatively common in cultivation, usually as Melaleuca erubescens and is often used as a screening plant. It is hardy, growing successfully in a wide range of soils, including those that are poorly drained. It is easily cultivated from both seed and cuttings and can be pruned to keep a bushy shape. It has attractive flowers which are reported not to fade as quickly as those of Melaleuca decussata which is also widely cultivated.
References
diosmatifolia
Myrtales of Australia
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Queensland
Plants described in 1811
"Don't Worry Be Happy" is a pop song written and performed by Australian recording artist Guy Sebastian. It is the lead single from Sebastian's seventh album Armageddon. "Don't Worry Be Happy" was released digitally in Australia on 18 November 2011. It peaked at number five on the ARIA Singles Chart, and has reached 5× platinum certification. It was Sebastian's eighth of 11 top ten singles in Australia. In 2012 "Don't Worry Be Happy" was nominated for the ARIA Music Award for Single of the Year and was shortlisted for the APRA Song of the Year. It has received 2013 APRA nominations for Most Played Australian Work and Pop Work of the Year.
Background
"Don't Worry Be Happy" is an uptempo pop song Sebastian said he was inspired to write after experiencing the anger of a fellow motorist while driving in Los Angeles. He told The Daily Telegraph music editor Kathy McCabe, "I thought I knew the guy so as he pulled alongside me, I smiled and copped a tirade of abuse. I was in a really good mood because I was on the way to play cricket and while we were batting, I wrote the song. It's a good time for a song like this to remind yourself things aren't that bad". In an interview with Andrew Tijs of music site Noise 11 he said that he could sometimes be caught up in a little bit of "glass half empty" in his life, and he wrote the song as a reminder to himself and hopefully to others that life is good. When asked why he used the same title as the Bobby McFerrin classic, he said he was going to change it to just "Don't Worry" but thought, "It's such a famous saying and it's such a famous song, and even though this is a completely different song it says it as it is and works with the song". Sebastian said that while he was a fan of the Eurodance music that is so popular, and loved the production value of it, and had even used it himself in his previous single "Who's That Girl", he wanted a more organic sound with this song, "I've sampled live toms, the only synthie parts are some of the ducking basses that are in there. There's real piano and real guitars. [...] I wanted to have a more organic vibe to it. I wanted to be a little more musical with it." When Tijs observed that the song was very different from the songs currently filling the charts Sebastian replied, "It was a bit of a scary release because there's no mention of a club [...] It's a non-love song and a non-club song, so I was like 'Maybe I'm treading on some not successful ground or something', but hopefully it will go alright."
Release and promotion
"Don't Worry Be Happy" was serviced to radio on 11 November 2011, and was the second most added song to radio in its second week. It peaked at number four in national radio airplay in early 2012. Sebastian performed the song on the Grand Final episode of Australia's The X Factor. He performed a medley of his previous single "Who's That Girl" and "Don't Worry Be Happy" at the 2011 ARIA Awards on 27 November 2011. Sebastian also performed the song on the Seven Network's morning program Sunrise on 1 December 2011. "Don't Worry Be Happy" was used by the network during December 2011 and January 2012 in commercials to promote their 2012 programs. The Armageddon Tour ran from June and July 2012, and the album was released on 12 October.
Reception
Critical response
Vic Cardinali from music site Play It on Repeat said of the song, "It's a feel good, bright, upbeat dance pop song about being happy about what you've got in life [...] Guy easily sings over a bright, sparkling beat that I personally cannot help but move to (I tried. I really just sat here and said 'No. I'm not going to move.' – and found myself bobbing my head and hips back and forth)." Ellen Wapstra from [V] Music wrote, "Okay, if you need a pick-me-up this should do it. A great little tune about chilling out and enjoying life." Music site auspOp said the song was as "bright as sunshine". David Lim, a music journalist and announcer on radio station Joy 94.9 wrote, "It's feel good, sun-soaked and universally appealing in a way that you'd expect for an artist of his brand and following to be. Sonically, it's very pleasing to hear him stick to a more Bruno Mars-style pop. The warmer musical textures complements Guy's voice like you won't believe [...] 'Don't Worry Be Happy' is not here to snatch wigs, alter pop music trends, or fanfare a bold new direction for Guy. The concept really is as simple as the message behind the song – just a basic reminder to celebrate the simple things in life."
Commercial performance
"Don't Worry Be Happy" debuted at number seven on the ARIA Singles Chart, and rose to its peak of number five after six weeks. It was Sebastian's eighth of 11 top ten singles in Australia. Although only released in mid November it was the sixth highest selling Australian artist single of 2011. It was also the 11th highest selling Australian artist single in 2012. The song spent 19 weeks in the ARIA Top 50, including ten weeks in the top ten and was certified 5× platinum. "Don't Worry Be Happy" was nominated for the ARIA Single of the Year Award. In 2012 this award replaced the industry voted Song of the Year, and the nominees were the ten highest selling Australian singles released during the eligibility period, with the winner decided by public vote.
Accolades
In 2012 "Dont Worry Be Happy" was shortlisted for the APRA Song of the Year. This award is peer judged with the shortlist, final five nominees and winner voted for by the songwiting members of APRA. "Don't Worry Be Happy" has received 2013 APRA nominations for Most Played Australian Work and Pop Work of the Year.
Music video
The video for "Don't Worry Be Happy" was filmed in Sydney, and was released to iTunes and other digital download sites on 21 November 2011. In the video Sebastian is seen as a businessman having a difficult day. He pours curdled milk over his breakfast cereal, steps out of his apartment building into a rain shower, and his day at the office is shown to be stressful. He walks down to the beach at lunch time appearing very disgruntled. As he begins to eat he looks across at the next bench and notices a sad obviously ill young girl sitting in a wheelchair next to her father. The businessman appears to come to the realisation that his day isn't as bad as it seemed. He puts down his food and runs into the ocean fully clothed, falling backwards into the water with a smile. The young girl breaks into a smile as well.
Track listing
Digital download
"Don't Worry Be Happy" – 4:14
Personnel
DNA – producer
James Kang – assistant engineer
Louis Schoorl – producer, engineer, guitars, keyboards, bass, drums, programming
Guy Sebastian – composer, vocals, producer
Miles Walker – mixing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
See also
List of top 10 singles in 2011 (Australia)
List of best-selling singles in Australia
References
2011 singles
Guy Sebastian songs
Songs written by Guy Sebastian
Song recordings produced by DNA Songs
The Floor Burns (Spanish: Quema el suelo) is a 1952 Spanish drama film directed by Luis Marquina and starring Annabella, Tomás Blanco and Gérard Tichy. It was the French actress Annabella's final film.
Plot
Cast
Annabella as Mari Luz Hurtado
Tomás Blanco as Rafael
Rafael Calvo as Don Alberto Hurtado
Gérard Tichy as Eduardo Behovia
Maritina Zayas as Maribel Hurtado
Raúl Cancio as Carlos Peñaranda
Nicolás D. Perchicot as Fray Jerónimo
Mario Berriatúa as Javier
Margarita Alexandre as Alicia
Santiago Rivero as Fiscal
Miguel Pastor as Abogado
Carlos Díaz de Mendoza as Federico Eslo
Mary Lamar as Titina Olaya
References
Bibliography
De España, Rafael. Directory of Spanish and Portuguese film-makers and films. Greenwood Press, 1994.
Jonathan Driskell. The French Screen Goddess: Film Stardom and the Modern Woman in the 1930s France. I.B.Tauris, 2015.
External links
1952 films
1952 drama films
Spanish drama films
1950s Spanish-language films
Films directed by Luis Marquina
Spanish black-and-white films
1950s Spanish films
Sveta Nedelja (, also Santa Domenica d'Albona; takes its name from Saint Kyriake = Sancta Dominica; ) is a municipality of twenty villages in Croatia, total population 2,987 (2011). The three largest villages are municipal seat Nedešćina (604), Štrmac (439) and Šumber (village with castle, 381).
List of villages
The municipality has 21 villages:
Demography
Municipality Sveta Nedelja
Note: Emerged from old Labin municipality. In 1857, 1869, 1921 and 1931 contains part of the data of the town Labin and municipality Raša, while in 1880 only of town Labin. In 1857, 1869, 1921 and 1931 part of the data is contained in municipality Kršan and Raša.
References
External links
Official site
Municipalities of Croatia
Populated places in Istria County
Ilze Jākobsone (born 19 April 1994) is a Latvian basketball player for TTT Riga and the Latvian national team.
She participated at the EuroBasket Women 2017.
References
1994 births
Living people
Latvian women's basketball players
Basketball players from Riga
Point guards
The Harvard Radcliffe Chorus (HRC) is the largest mixed choir at Harvard University and has a diverse membership consisting of faculty members, staff, community members, and both undergraduate and graduate students. HRC was founded in 1979 and continues to perform twice a year as of 2018. HRC usually performs its master concerts at Sanders Theatre at Harvard University, one of the many venues in the Boston area with high-quality acoustics. When a large pipe organ is required for a masterwork, such as Berlioz's Te Deum, the chorus performs in a large church in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
History
The Harvard–Radcliffe Chorus (HRC) was founded in 1979 by Beverly Taylor as the Harvard-Radcliffe Chorale with about forty undergraduates and a few staff members who wanted to sing. It was conceived with Dr. Jameson Marvin, Director of Choral Activities at Harvard University, as a training choir for students who needed more choral experience to perform with the other Harvard Choruses: the Harvard Glee Club, the Radcliffe Choral Society, and the Harvard-Radcliffe Collegium Musicum, and as an organization that invited communities in the greater Boston-Cambridge area to come sing at Harvard.
In 1980, the Chorale was renamed the Harvard–Radcliffe Chorus. Under the leadership of Beverly Taylor until 1995, HRC student and community membership increased dramatically, and the Chorus continued to prosper under the direction of Jeffrey Bernstein during the 1995–96 season.
From 1996 to 2004, Dr. Constance DeFotis helped make HRC a choral home to a diverse group of students, faculty, staff, and members of the Greater Boston community. Dr. DeFotis also oversaw the founding of the Executive Committee, the self-governing group of student and community officers that addresses the chorus's non-artistic concerns and administrative matters. While she was on leave during the 2002–2003 academic year, Simon Carrington led the Chorus. From 2004 to 2012, Dr. Kevin Leong led the Chorus as Artistic Director and as Associate Conductor of the Harvard–Radcliffe Choruses. The ensemble's current Conductor and Artistic Director is Edward Elwyn Jones, the Gund University Organist and Choirmaster at Harvard University. Michael Pfitzer serves as Assistant Conductor and Manager.
Previous and current repertoire is listed below:
Harvard University musical groups
Musical groups established in 1969
University choirs
Cedar Bayou is an area in east central Harris County, Texas, United States.
Some of the area is unincorporated; portions are within Baytown.
Cedar Bayou has recently broken the record for the most rainfall in the continental United States during Hurricane Harvey.
Education
Goose Creek Independent School District operates schools in the area.
Watershed character and water quality
Cedar Bayou, the area's namesake water body, is a slow moving coastal waterway with both tidal and non-tidal reaches. Its watershed originates north of highway 90, between Lake Houston and Dayton, TX. The upper reaches of the Bayou's watershed are primarily rural or agricultural, with large undeveloped/wooded areas in its middle, and urban areas (including the urban center of Baytown, TX) in the lower reaches. The mouth of the Bayou widens into a series of small lakes before flowing into the Galveston Bay system.
Cedar Bayou is listed as being impaired for certain water quality issues, including bacteria, impaired macrobenthic communities, and PCBs and Dioxins in edible fish tissue. In response to these issues and other local concerns, the Texas State Soil and Water Conservation Board and the Houston-Galveston Area Council are working with local partners, organizations, and residents to create a watershed protection plan. This non-regulatory process will provide local stakeholders with the ability to address these issues.
References
External links
Cedar Bayou Watershed Protection Plan
Unincorporated communities in Harris County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Stefano Stefani (Vicenza, 29 September 1938) is an Italian politician and leading member of the regional secessionist Liga Veneta–Lega Nord.
Background
Stefani is a veteran member of the party, having joined Liga Veneta in the 1980s, well before its merger into Lega Nord. A strong proponent of the unity of the "Padanian peoples", from 1995 through 2002 he was federal president of Lega Nord. A member of the Italian Parliament since 1994, Stefani is currently the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the Italian Chamber of Deputies. Between 2001 and 2003 he served as undersecretary of Productive Activities in Berlusconi II Cabinet, while he was undersecretary of the Environment in Berlusconi II and III Cabinets from 2004 through 2006.
References
1938 births
Politicians of Veneto
Living people
Venetist politicians
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Italy)
20th-century Italian politicians
21st-century Italian politicians
Lega Nord politicians
Brett Carter (born 9 July 1988) is a Scotland international rugby league footballer who plays on the and as a for Whitehaven R.L.F.C. in the Betfred Championship.
Background
Carter was born in Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria, England.
Career
Barrow Raiders
Carter started his career in his hometown with Barrow before moving to Workington Town in 2009.
Whitehaven RLFC
On 27 November 2019 it was announced that Carter had joined Whitehaven R.L.F.C.
International
He is a Scotland international having made his début in 2010. He was named in their squad for the 2013 Rugby League World Cup, and scored a try in their opening victory over Tonga.
References
External links
(archived by web.archive.org) Workington Town profile
1989 births
Living people
Barrow Raiders players
English rugby league players
English people of Scottish descent
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league players from Barrow-in-Furness
Scotland national rugby league team players
Whitehaven R.L.F.C. players
Workington Town players
Clinton Eugene McDaniel (born February 26, 1972) is a retired American professional basketball player.
A 6'4" (1.93 m) guard from the University of Arkansas, McDaniel was a key member of the 1994 National Championship team that defeated Duke University, 76–72. Born and raised in Tulsa, Oklahoma, McDaniel was considered the best on ball defender in the country.
McDaniel went on to play in the National Basketball Association (NBA),signing as a free agent Sacramento Kings during the 1995-96 NBA season signing with the Washington Wizards 1996–97 season but later released. He has also played professionally in Europe and in the Australian National Basketball League (NBL) with the Perth Wildcats and the South East Melbourne Magic. McDaniel has been selected as a recipient of the prestigious 2014 SEC Men's Basketball Legends Award. McDaniel is the first of only two players in SEC history to ever record 100 steals in a single season(102). McDaniel was named to the AP 3rd Team All-Conference 1995, and named to the 1995 Final Four All-Tournament Team.
References
1972 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Australia
American men's basketball players
Arkansas Razorbacks men's basketball players
Basketball players from Oklahoma
Perth Wildcats players
Sacramento Kings players
Shooting guards
South East Melbourne Magic players
Sportspeople from Tulsa, Oklahoma
Undrafted National Basketball Association players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Keith De Casseres (27 May 1910 – 23 February 2003) was a Jamaican sports shooter who represented the West Indies Federation at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He competed in the 50 metre pistol event.
References
1910 births
2003 deaths
Jamaican male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of the British West Indies
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for Jamaica
Shooters at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Sportspeople from Kingston, Jamaica
Stinnes is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Clärenore Stinnes (1901–1990), German racing driver
Hugo Stinnes (1870–1924), German entrepreneur and politician, father of Clärenore
Matiás Stinnes (1910–?), Argentine luger
Acremma albipoda is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Emilio Berio in 1959. It is found in Madagascar.
References
Boletobiinae
Moths of Madagascar
Taxa named by Emilio Berio
Moths described in 1959
The Frobel-Knight-Borders House is a historic house in Marietta, Georgia, U.S. It was built for a Confederate veteran, and it was later the private residence of Marietta's mayor. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History
The house was built in 1869 for Colonel Bushrod W. Frobel, a veteran of the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. During the war, he was first a Captain and then Colonel, and then the Chief Engineer of Hood's Army of Tennessee where he supervised the construction of Atlanta's defensive fortifications during the Atlanta Campaign. In the postbellum era, Frobel served as the Georgia Superintendent of Public Works from 1865 to 1873.
The house was later acquired by Judge Noel B. Knight, who served on the Superior Court of Cobb County. Knight was also the mayor of Marietta. He died in 1887.
Architectural significance
The house was designed in the Italianate architectural style. It stands out from other houses in Cobb County which were small wooden houses, and the Greek Revival style was preferred in Georgia at the time. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 21, 1995.
References
Houses in Cobb County, Georgia
National Register of Historic Places in Cobb County, Georgia
Italianate architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Houses completed in 1869
The Mojave Memorial Cross, officially known as the White Cross World War I Memorial, is a cross formerly on public land in the Mojave desert in San Bernardino County, California that was at the center of the Salazar v. Buono legal case before the U.S. Supreme Court. The original cross was erected in 1934 to honor those killed in war.
The cross stands on Sunrise Rock, a granite outcropping adjacent to Cima Road about south of Interstate 15, and north of Cima, California; the trailhead leading to Teutonia Peak is on the opposite side of the road, north of the monument. The area is a saddle between Cima Dome and the Ivanpah Mountains, both of which are part of the Mojave National Preserve.
History
The cross was erected in 1934. The caretakers of the spot were introduced to it by a prospector named John Riley Bembry, who served as a medic in World War I and was one of the veterans who established the monument.
The cross has been maintained by volunteers and was reconstructed after being destroyed. It was boarded up in 2002 after lower court rulings declared it illegal because of separation of church and state constitutional concerns.
On April 28, 2010, the US Supreme Court ruled on Salazar v. Buono in a 5–4 decision that sent the case back to a lower court. The high court ruled there was no violation of the separation of church and state when Congress transferred the land surrounding the cross to a veterans group. Writing for the majority, Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote, "The goal of avoiding governmental endorsement [of religion] does not require eradication of all religious symbols in the public realm".
In April 2012, a land exchange to remove Sunrise Rock from the Mojave National Preserve was approved by the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California.
On Veterans Day, November 11, 2012, the cross was rededicated by Henry Sandoz in a ceremony.
Theft
On the night of May 9–10, 2010, the cross was cut down and stolen from its place on Sunrise Rock. National Park Service spokeswoman Linda Slater said a $125,000 reward was being offered for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the thieves. The VFW promised that the memorial would be rebuilt. "This was a legal fight that a vandal just made personal to 50 million veterans, military personnel and their families," said National Commander Thomas J. Tradewell.
Slater said that the wooden cover which had covered the cross since 2002 was reported missing on May 8, 2010, and that the cross itself had been seen on May 10 but was reported missing on May 11 by rangers who had returned to the location.
The Desert Dispatch was contacted by someone claiming to have a message from the person who removed the cross. The message claimed that the cross had not been damaged or destroyed but moved by a veteran who objected to the cross being on public land. The message also claimed that a non-sectarian memorial had been brought to the site, but that unspecified technical difficulties prevented it from being put in place of the cross. On June 1, the Liberty Institute publicly offered in the Desert Dispatch to take back and care for the cross at a church in Yucca Valley, but two weeks later, the person who stole the cross had not yet responded. After the theft was reported, an atheist organization, Atheist Alliance International, offered $5,000 to go towards replacing the cross with a more inclusive and non-religious veterans' memorial, but the gesture was ignored by religious groups who insisted that the cross be restored.
On May 20, 2010, park rangers discovered that a replica of the cross stolen 10 days earlier was now bolted to the base of the original. Park personnel removed it and placed it into evidence. Mojave National Park spokesperson, Linda Slater, said that since the replica is not the original disputed cross, it had to come down. "The park service has regulations about people putting up memorials. You can't just go to a park and put up a memorial to a family member."
The cross was eventually found, over away, in Half Moon Bay, California, in early November 2012.
References
External links
Photos of the cross
Snopes.com
Mojave Desert
Monumental crosses in the United States
Monuments and memorials in California
World War I memorials in the United States
Memorial crosses
1934 sculptures
1934 establishments in California
National Memorials of the United States
Recovered works of art
Serra do Ramalho is a municipality in the state of Bahia in the North-East region of Brazil.
See also
List of municipalities in Bahia
References
Municipalities in Bahia
Lizard Head Glacier is located in Shoshone National Forest, in the U.S. state of Wyoming, WNW of Lizard Head Peak. The glacier descends from and is north of and not observable from the popular climbing destination known as the Cirque of the Towers.
See also
List of glaciers in the United States
References
Glaciers of Fremont County, Wyoming
Glaciers of Wyoming
Dragon is Jake Shimabukuro's fourth U.S. solo album. It was released in October 2005.
The album peaked at #5 on Billboard'''s Top World Music Albums in 2005.Dragon – Awards on AllMusic It garnered Shimabukuro the Favorite Entertainer of the Year award at the 2006 Na Hoku Hanohano Awards, and Best Rock Album at the 2006 Hawaii Music Awards.
The AllMusic review summarized Dragon'' by saying, "Aside from his versatile playing, the collection's strength lies in its unpredictability from track to track. ... You can feel the island breezes here and there, but Shimabukuro's approach to his native instrument is equally at home on the gritty streets of Manhattan."
Track listing
All tracks composed by Jake Shimabukuro except where noted.
"Shake It Up!" – 2:59
"Dragon" – 4:06
"Circle of Friends" – 3:15
"Me and Shirley T." – 3:39
"Floaters" – 2:21
"3rd Stream" – 5:08
"Touch" – 3:34
"En Aranjuez Con Tu Amor" (Joaquín Rodrigo) – 5:03
"Toastmanland" – 3:35
"Making A Perfect Yesterday" – 2:24
"Looking Back" – 5:19
"With U Always" – 3:45
Personnel
Judy Barrett – violin
Karen Bechtel – cello, string quartet
Matt Catingub – conductor, string arrangements, string conductor
Karen Fujimoto – cello
Claire Hazzard – violin, string quartet
Ignace Jang – violin
Hideo Oida – photography
Noel Okimoto – drums, rhythm arrangements
Daniel Pardo - flute
Takaoki Saito – engineer, mixing
Jake Shimabukuro – acoustic guitar, piano, electric guitar, keyboards, programming, ukulele, producer, liner notes, rhythm arrangements, drum loop
Dean Taba – bass, rhythm arrangements
Preston Terada – graphic design
Anna Womack – viola, string quartet
Sandra Wong – viola
Hung Wu – violin, string quartet
Charts
References
External links
Dragon at AllMusic
Dragon at Amazon
Biography of Jake Shimabukuro at Billboard
2005 albums
Jake Shimabukuro albums
Mary Surratt House may refer to either of two historic houses associated with Mary E. Surratt:
Surratt House Museum, in Clinton, Maryland, also known as Mary Surratt House
Mary E. Surratt Boarding House, in Washington, D.C., also known as Mary E. Surratt House
The Sheffield Software Engineering Observatory (Observatory) was founded in 2005 by an EPSRC grant at the University of Sheffield. The Observatory is a multi-disciplinary collaboration between the Department of Computer Science and the Institute of Work Psychology at the University of Sheffield.
Overview
Its aim is to understand the processes that make for good software engineering practice, and how are these needs to combine human and technical factors.
The Software Engineering Observatory is an empirical software engineering research facility where researchers can use a variety of methodologies to study software developers working on real industrial projects. The software developers are students, both undergraduate and postgraduate and up to 20 group projects were undertaken each year. Thus, researchers can investigate how software developers work in teams, deal with industrial clients and handle the plethora of problems that arise in group projects with tight time-scales.
A key feature is that the Observatory allows multiple teams to work on identical projects concurrently in competition with each other, which allows comparisons to be made of different software development processes.
The Observatory enables researchers to gather data that are relevant to many of the key issues in contemporary software engineering, which will be of interest to both academics and practitioners. The implications of the results so far are that effective software managers must not just understand the technical aspects of the work that their staff are doing, but must also understand their staff as individuals and how they can best work together in teams.
Research areas
The Observatory's research agenda includes:
Assessing, through controlled experiments, the relative merits of software development methods and methodologies in terms of both the quality of output and the well-being of the developers.
Devising empirically-based models of the processes that developers are observed to use
Identifying the factors that make for good team-based software development, including leadership, the personality, skill, gender and ethnic mix of teams, and how task conflict can contribute, constructively, to enhanced performance.
Investigating the relative importance of (a) the methodology adopted by the team and degree of fidelity to it, (b) the individual's participant's motivation and knowledge, and (c) team processes in accounting for variability in the performance of the group.
The data from these experiments will be made available to bona-fide researchers in empirical software engineering.
History
The Observatory was founded in 2005, however prior to that a number of PhD students designed experiments and collected data on the software engineering process. These were all based on the pioneering taught courses devised at the University of Sheffield
References
External links
Software Observatory homepage
epiGenesys - a University of Sheffield company
University of Sheffield
Software engineering organizations
The white-shouldered antshrike (Thamnophilus aethiops) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The white-shouldered antshrike was described by the English zoologist Philip Sclater in 1858 and given the binomial name Thamnophilus aethiops.
References
white-shouldered antshrike
Birds of the Amazon Basin
white-shouldered antshrike
white-shouldered antshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Mahmoud M. Ayoub (June 1, 1935 – October 31, 2021) was a Lebanese Islamic scholar and professor of religious and inter-faith studies.
Early life
Mahmoud was born into a devout Muslim family on June 1, 1935 at Ain Qana (South Lebanon), a small town with an integrated religious population. His upbringing was socially integrated with events and people from both the Islamic and Christian religious faiths. Mahmoud Ayoub attended a British Presbyterian missionary school for the blind as a child. He described his experience in that school noting that "the school authorities did not really have an educational programme for us, what they wanted to do mainly was to make us Christians and of course they did and that created a lot of tension between me and my family, particularly my father." He would later join an American Southern Baptist Church seeking a more zealous approach of reaching others with the Gospel. During his university studies, he would eventually revert to Islam.
Education
After receiving a Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy from the American University of Beirut in 1964, he moved to America to complete a Masters of Arts in Religious Thought from the University of Pennsylvania in 1966 and then a Doctorate in History of Religion from Harvard University in 1975. It was during his studies he resolved returning to Islam as his mother and father had wished for.
Career
Mr. Ayoub was the Faculty Associate of Shi'ite Islam and Christian-Muslim Relations and Co-Director at the Duncan Black MacDonald Center for the Study of Islam and Christian-Muslim Relations for Hartford Seminary at Georgetown University.
From 1988 to 2008, Mahmoud was Professor and Director of Islamic Studies at the Department of Religion at Temple University in Philadelphia, an Adjunct Professor at Hartford Seminary in Connecticut, a Research Fellow at the Middle East Center at the University of Pennsylvania and a Tolson visiting professor at the Pacific School of Religion at Berkeley University.
In 1998, Dr. Ayoub helped develop and start a graduate Masters of Art level program in Muslim-Christian relations and comparative religion for the Centre for Christian-Muslim Studies at the University of Balamand in Lebanon. Mr. Ayoub has also taught at San Diego State University, the University of Toronto and McGill University.
Published work
Mahmoud Ayoub is author of various books and publications, some of which are:
Redemptive Suffering In Islam (1978)
The Qur'an and Its Interpreters - Volume I (1984)
The Qur'an and Its Interpreters - Volume II (1992)
Islam: Faith and History (2005)
A Muslim View Of Christianity: Essays On Dialogue (2007)
The Crisis Of Muslim History: Religion And Politics In Early Islam (2014)
Theological position
Mahmoud Ayoub promotes a moderate interpretation and understanding of Islamic theology.
A 2006 article about Muslim cab drivers and their adherence to the various religious rules and keeping the letter of the laws of Islam, when speaking to cab drivers transporting customers having alcoholic products, Ayoub is quoted saying "I know many Muslims who own gas stations [alcohol is prohibited in Islam] and sell ham sandwiches [pork is prohibited in Islam]. They justify it and I think rightly so; that they have to make a living."
In 2013 when responding to questions about ISIS/ISIL, Ayoub dismissed them as contrary to Islam, stating that extremism has always been a problem in the religion, noting that Islam is unique among faiths in that it was founded as both a religion and a state. Mahmoud clarified the ideal dynamic would be a balance between the two with the state remaining in ultimate control. He further stated that from Islam's earliest beginnings, some have challenged that balance and sought to impose brutal theocracies, citing one group early in Islamic history that acted much like ISIS, trying to found a theocracy and killing all those who resisted or disagreed with it. "My view is the action of ISIS is not unique. Extremism appears in every epoch of Islam."
At a lecture in 2013 at Oakwood University in Huntsville, Alabama, Ayoub said at the heart of the Islamic moral system is love, the basis for peace. In quoting a passage from the Hadith (collected sayings of Muhammad): "No one of you will be a true believer until he loves for his brother what he loves for himself."
In a 2014 article in The Jewish Exponent regarding religious observations, Ayoub's words are quoted “Repentance may be regarded as the cornerstone of religious life of both the individual and society.”
In the media
In 2009 Ayoub voiced his opinion regarding the idea of a U.S. Muslim college, believing Muslims are better off attending established American schools, saying U.S. Muslims badly need a seminary since there are none in the country: "I don't know that I would send my child to go to a college where they can only learn tradition. Young people have to live, I like mixing people. I don't like ghettos."
On 24 March 2015 the Peace Islands Institute brought together Mahmoud M. Ayoub and Neset Ulusal of Quinnipiac University for a discussion entitled "Muslim Voices Against Extremism".
In a 2015 article Mahmoud's work was mentioned as helping develop a scholarly approach to inter-faith relations between Islam and Christianity.
In 2016 Mr. Ayoub was mentioned being the “driving force behind establishing the chair and raising money for it” regarding the first academic chair in North America dedicated to Shi'i studies at Hartford to help to complement and contrasting dialogue balancing the predominant Sunni view of Islamic thought.
Controversy
In 2008 Professor Mahmoud Ayoub was instrumental in persuading the International Institute of Islamic Thought (IIIT) into donating $1.5 million for the Temple University Seminary chair office. This effort was met with warnings from David Horowitz claiming the IIIT group had funded terrorism and having terrorist ties. After the university seemed unable to publicly respond with an open acceptance or rejection of the donation, the IIIT withdrew its offer in December of that year. Although IIIT had been investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Department of Homeland Security after the domestic terrorist attacks on 11 September 2001, no charges were brought against their organization.
Awards
In 2012, Mr. Ayoub received the Distinguished Scholar Award from the International Institute of Islamic Thought (IIIT).
Mahmoud has received a Kent Doctoral Fellowship, a Fulbright scholarship and a Canada Council Fellowship.
Death
Mahmoud M. Ayoub died in Montreal where he lived for the past several years on 31 October 2021.
References
External links
Georgetown University Professor's Page
Interviews with Professor Ayoud
1935 births
2021 deaths
Lebanese Shia Muslims
Hashemite people
Harvard Divinity School alumni
American University of Beirut alumni
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Farabi International Award recipients
Blind people from the United States
Blind people from Lebanon
People from Nabatieh District
Ivan Višak is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Croatia. He currently competes in the European Superstock 600 Championship aboard a Kawasaki ZX-6R and in the Alpe Adria Road Racing Superstock 600 Championship aboard a Yamaha YZF-R6.
In 2009 Višak became the first Croat at a Grand Prix motorcycle race, competing on a wild card.
In December 2012 Višak placed third in the final of the Red Bull Kart Fight, the world's largest amateur kart racing competition, In his second Red Bull Kart Fight final in 2014, Višak again placed third.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
INTERVJU: Ivan Višak, pobjednik prvog hrvatskog RedBull kart fighta
Croatian motorcycle racers
Living people
1993 births
125cc World Championship riders
Sazakkınık is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 49 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Nicholas Edward Burdi (born January 19, 1993) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the San Diego Padres organization. He played college baseball for the Louisville Cardinals of the University of Louisville. He has previously played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Pittsburgh Pirates.
Amateur career
Burdi attended Downers Grove South High School in Downers Grove, Illinois, where he played for the school's baseball team as a pitcher and for the football team as a quarterback. Before his senior year, Burdi quit the football team to focus on baseball. Burdi, as a child and teen also played for the Downers Grove Longshots. He was able to throw his fastball as fast as as a high school student.
Burdi participated in the Area Code Games in the summer of 2010, attracting the attention of scouts, including Keith Law of ESPN.com. After his senior season, Burdi expected to be chosen between the third to fifth rounds of the 2011 Major League Baseball (MLB) Draft. However, he lasted in the draft until the 24th round, when he was selected by the Minnesota Twins, with the 748th overall pick. He did not sign with the Twins and instead elected to attend college.
Burdi enrolled at the University of Louisville, to play college baseball for the Louisville Cardinals baseball team. After the 2012 season, he played collegiate summer baseball with the Chatham Anglers of the Cape Cod Baseball League. By his sophomore year, Burdi could reach with his fastball. Pitching as the Cardinals' closer, Burdi has an 0.78 earned run average (ERA) and 61 strikeouts in innings pitched through his sophomore year. After his sophomore year, he joined the United States national collegiate baseball team. As a junior, Burdi had a 0.49 ERA and 65 strikeouts in 37 innings.
Professional career
Minnesota Twins
Burdi was considered a top prospect in the 2014 MLB Draft. The Minnesota Twins selected Burdi in the second round with the 46th overall selection of the draft. He signed with the Twins on June 25, receiving a $1,218,800 signing bonus, and reported to the Cedar Rapids Kernels of the Class A Midwest League. He posted a 4.15 ERA in 13 innings, and the Twins promoted him to the Fort Myers Miracle of the Class A-Advanced Florida State League in August. Burdi opened the 2015 season with the Chattanooga Lookouts of the Class AA Southern League. He struggled with a 5.93 ERA, and was demoted to Fort Myers in late June. After spending six weeks with Fort Myers, the Twins promoted Burdi back to Chattanooga, where he finished the season with a 1.77 ERA in innings. The Twins assigned him to the Scottsdale Scorpions of the Arizona Fall League after the regular season.
Burdi pitched only three innings in 2016 due to a bone bruise in his right elbow. Burdi began the 2017 season with Chattanooga. He required Tommy John surgery to repair a torn ulnar collateral ligament in his right elbow in May 2017.
Pittsburgh Pirates
After the season, the Philadelphia Phillies selected Burdi in the Rule 5 draft, and traded him to the Pittsburgh Pirates for $500,000 of international signing bonus money. On June 25, 2019, Burdi underwent thoracic outlet surgery to relieve symptoms of thoracic outlet syndrome, putting him out for the rest of the 2019 season. Burdi underwent Tommy John surgery in October 2020, and was designated for assignment on November 1, 2020. He elected free agency on November 9, after being outrighted.
San Diego Padres
On December 22, 2020, Burdi signed a minor league contract with the San Diego Padres. He did not play in a game in 2021 as he recovered from Tommy John surgery. He was assigned to the Triple-A El Paso Chihuahuas to begin the 2022 season, but was released on April 21, 2022 without making an appearance for the organization. He resigned a minor league deal on May 4, 2022.
Personal life
Burdi's older brother, Drew, was an All-State quarterback who played football for Downers Grove South and Western Michigan. His younger brother, Zack, is also a professional baseball pitcher.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
All-American college baseball players
People from Downers Grove, Illinois
Baseball players from Illinois
Major League Baseball pitchers
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Louisville Cardinals baseball players
Chatham Anglers players
Cedar Rapids Kernels players
Chattanooga Lookouts players
Fort Myers Miracle players
Scottsdale Scorpions players
Bradenton Marauders players
Altoona Curve players
Indianapolis Indians players
Xalîd Reşîd (); was born in Sulaymaniyah, Iraqi Kurdistan, and currently resides in Stockholm, Sweden. He is recognized as one of the most influential interpreters of Kurdish music academically, with an extended knowledge of Persian and Azerbaijani music. Xalîd Reşîd extensively studied oriental musical instruments such as the balaban, which is widely used in Kurdish folk music, the flutes nây and blûr, the oûd (lute) and various percussion instruments.
He has received two "Stipendiom" awards from the Swedish Ministry of Culture.
He left Kurdistan for Europe in 1980 and took up residence in Sweden. After taking courses in Swedish he joined the fine arts academy and the music department. Then he attended university in Sweden, studying archaeology, obtaining his master's degree in 1991. He has written two books on the archeological sites of Kurdistan.
In 1996 he was elected head of the Kurdish artists congress in Europe and entrusted with the task of forming a national Kurdish orchestra. He started academic studies in music again in 1999, this time in Russia, and recorded some classical Kurdish songs there.
Works
Eman recorded in 1955 in Germany.
Gurbet recorded in 1997 in Sweden, Swedish National Council.
Balaban recorded in 1997 in Paris, France.
Xelwet recorded in 1998 in Sweden.
Clasik Mosko recorded in 2002 in Moscow, Russia.
Eshik Nema recorded in 2004.
Buki Eware recorded in 2005 in Arbil, Iraq.
Jiger Koshekem to be recorded in Sulaymaniyah, Iraq
Kurdish music
Sulaymaniyah
List of Kurds
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Kurdish musicians
Trevor Hall is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist. His music is a fusion of roots, folk, and reggae. Many of Hall's themes revolve around spirituality and life exploration.
Early life and education
Hall grew up in Hilton Head Island, South Carolina. He grew up surrounded by music due in part to his father who was a drummer and musician. After dabbling with multiple instruments including trombone and bass, he decided to learn guitar in hopes of becoming a singer-songwriter one day. At age 16 he recorded his first album.
Shortly after, Hall left South Carolina for Los Angeles where he enrolled and studied classical guitar at Idyllwild Arts Academy. During his time, he was introduced to yoga and meditation practices and spirituality, which made a major impact on him and has since influenced his life and music. He stated that one of the most important weekends of his life was when he went to a Hindu temple for a weekend while at Idyllwild. At the temple, he learned about the Hindu goddess Kali and was happily surprised to find out people worship God as a woman.
After he graduated, he attended a Kali Mandir (Hindu temple) and eventually accepted Hindu Swami Bhajanananda Saraswati as his guru. He has stated that he tries to treat his music as karma yoga, where he wants to create music that will help other people. During his senior year at Idyllwild Arts Academy, Hall was signed to Geffen Records.
Career
Kala (2015)
His album, KALA, written in Hawaii and recorded in Los Angeles, was released on August 21, 2015. It debuted at No. 2 on the iTunes singer-songwriter chart.
The Fruitful Darkness (2018)
Released on June 1, 2018, The Fruitful Darkness was Hall's first completely independent release. After working with established labels for the first decade of his career, this project was supported solely by his fans and was the No. 1 music campaign in 2017 on KickStarter. Relix praised the album, saying "The Fruitful Darkness takes stock of Hall's inner world and, as you observe him wade through the abyss, he challenges you to do the same".
Red Rocks (2019)
Hall headlined the historic Red Rocks Amphitheater on June 16, 2019, playing a packed show with Nahko and Medicine for the People, as well as Ayla Nereo. After the success of the show, Hall later announced on November 19, 2019, that he will be returning to headline the historic Red Rocks Amphitheater on May 1, 2020.
In And Through The Body (2020)
Released on September 25, 2020, In And Through The Body was another of Hall's independent releases. According to Hall, the album "touches on the timeless human themes of love, struggle, growth and redemption" utilizing a "palette of genres that span from folk, roots-rock, indie, and electronic, all with a consistent wash of authentic far-Eastern influence".
Reception: interviews and reviews
Hall was a guest on Danica Patrick's podcast "Danica Patrick Pretty Intense." Patrick praised Hall's music, saying he "has a lot of heart, a lot of soul. He writes it all himself. He just has a really cool story".
Personal life
Hall is married to photographer Emory Hall. The two met on an ashram in 2010 while in India, where Emory was studying at the time. They have a son, named Kailash, born March 2021.
Discography
EPs
2006: The Rascals Have Returned (Geffen Records)
2015: Unpack Your Memories... (Vanguard Records)
Live albums
2005: Trevor Hall Live (Geffen Records)
2008: Alive & On the Road (With Chris Steele) (White Balloon)
2010: Chasing The Flame - On the Road With Trevor Hall (Vanguard Records)
Studio albums
2004: Lace Up Your Shoes (White Balloon)
2008: The Elephant's Door (Never released) (Geffen Records)
2008: This is Blue (White Ballon)
2009: Trevor Hall (Vanguard Records)
2011: Everything Everytime Everywhere (Vanguard Records)
2014: Chapter of the Forest (Vanguard Records)
2015: Kala (Vanguard Records)
2017: The Fruitful Darkness (independent release)
2020: In and Through the Body
Compilation appearances
2007: Shrek the Third: The Motion Picture Soundtrack – "Other Ways"
2007: Endless Highway: The Music of The Band – "Life Is a Carnival"
2009: StreetEDGE Program: July Titles '09 – "The Lime Tree", "31 Flavors", and "Unity (featuring Matisyahu)"
2009: Paste Magazine Sampler Issue 54 – "Unity"
2010: Vanguard Records Summer Sampler – "The Lime Tree"
2011: Putumayo World Music: Acoustic Café – "World Keeps Turnin'"
With "The Villagers Crew"
2010: All Things Material & Spiritual (self-released)
Singles
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
21st-century American guitarists
21st-century American male singers
American Hindus
American male guitarists
American male singers
Converts to Hinduism
Guitarists from South Carolina
People from Hilton Head, South Carolina
Singers from South Carolina
Vanguard Records artists
General David John Ramsbotham, Baron Ramsbotham, (born 6 November 1934) is a retired British Army officer, who later served as HM Chief Inspector of Prisons. He was awarded a life peerage in 2005, and now sits on the cross benches of the House of Lords.
Early life and military career
Ramsbotham was born in 1934, the son of a Church of England clergyman, later Bishop of Wakefield, John Alexander Ramsbotham, son of Rev Alexander Ramsbotham. Ramsbotham was educated at Haileybury and Imperial Service College. He entered the army through National Service, and was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Royal Artillery on 14 March 1953. He completed his National Service as an acting lieutenant, and retained a Territorial Army commission. He then took a history degree at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge.
On 21 February 1958 he was appointed to a regular army commission as a lieutenant, with seniority from 31 January 1957. He was promoted to captain on 31 January 1961. He served in Borneo during the Indonesia–Malaysia confrontation as an acting major in the period 24 December 1965 to 23 June 1966, and was Mentioned in Despatches. He was promoted to substantive major on 31 December 1967, and to lieutenant-colonel on 30 June 1971. From 11 June 1970 to 20 June 1973 he served as Military Assistant to the Chief of the General Staff, Sir Michael Carver. This was a particularly busy time for the British Army; the Troubles in Northern Ireland were beginning, and the army's contribution, Operation Banner, was taking an increasingly large proportion of resources.
For his performance in this role, Ramsbotham was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 1974 New Year Honours. He later commanded a battalion of the Royal Green Jackets in Northern Ireland from 1974 to 1975.
He was elevated to colonel on 30 June 1976, and brigadier on 31 December 1978 (with seniority from 30 June 1978). He then served in Northern Ireland, commanding a brigade based in Belfast, and was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) for his service there in the operational honours of 21 October 1980. His career was almost derailed when as the army's director of public relations (a position he held from 1982 to 1984) he leaked documents to a journalist which showed that prior to the Falklands War the army had developed a comprehensive plan for dealing with the media, but it had been overlooked; and the army was subsequently criticised for not having done such planning. He was then promoted to major-general and commanded 3rd Armoured Division for a period prior to 13 March 1987. On 1 January 1987 he was appointed to the honorary position of Colonel Commandant, 2nd Battalion, Royal Green Jackets, in succession to Sir Frank Kitson, which he held until 25 July 1992. On 15 April 1987 he was promoted lieutenant-general and appointed Commander UK Field Army and Inspector General of the Territorial Army. He was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in the 1987 Queen's Birthday Honours, and a further honorary appointment as Honorary Colonel of the Officer Training Corps at the University of Cambridge on 1 July, which he held until 1 May 1993. He stepped down as Commander of the Field Army on 13 August 1990, and received a further honorary appointment as Aide de Camp General to HM the Queen (ADC Gen) on 3 December 1990, which he held until his retirement form the army. On 27 December 1990 he was appointed Adjutant-General (AG), with the local rank of general, and he received substantive promotion to that rank on 24 January 1990 (with seniority from 1 September 1990). This period included the United Kingdom's involvement in the Gulf War He was promoted to Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath (GCB) in the 1993 New Year Honours He stepped down as AG on 17 May 1993, and retired from the army on 13 July 1993.
Chief Inspector of Prisons
Ramsbotham was HM Chief Inspector of Prisons for England and Wales from 1 December 1995 to 2001 when he was succeeded by Anne Owers CBE. As Chief Inspector of Prisons, he had an at times strained relationship with Home Secretaries Michael Howard and Jack Straw, and this contributed to his contract not being continued for the full eight years that had originally been possible (an initial period of five years, with extension for a further three years possible).
Recent activities
On 22 March 2005, it was announced that Ramsbotham was to be elevated to a life peerage. The title was gazetted as Baron Ramsbotham, of Kensington in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, on 17 May. He sits in the House of Lords as a crossbench peer. He is Chairman of the Koestler Awards scheme, and Vice-Chair of both the Party Penal Affairs Group and the Party Parliamentary Group for Learning & Skills in the Criminal Justice System. He is President of UNLOCK, The National Association of Ex-Offenders and an Ambassador for the charity, the Prison Advice and Care Trust (pact). He is a trustee and vice-Chairman of the Institute for Food, Brain and Behaviour
He was elected an honorary Fellow of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge in 2001, and serves on the advisory board of the International Centre for Prison Studies at King's College London. He is also a Patron of Prisoners Abroad, a charity that supports the welfare of Britons imprisoned overseas and their families, Prisoners Education Trust, a charity that supports serving prisoners through a range of academic, creative and vocational distance learning courses whilst inside and Prisoners' Advice Service, a charity which offers free legal advice and support to adult prisoners throughout England and Wales regarding their human and legal rights, conditions of imprisonment and the application of Prison Law and the Prison Rules. He is also a Patron of the African Prisons Project, an international non-governmental organisation with a mission to bring dignity and hope to men women and children in African prisons through health, education, justice and reintegration. He is President of the charity PTSD Resolution, Charity number 1133188, providing treatment to Veterans with post traumatic stress through its UK-wide network of 200 therapists.
He has written extensively on matters relating to prisons and the military, in particular his 2003 book Prisongate: The Shocking State of Britain's Prisons and the Need for Visionary Change sets out his vision for reform of the prison system.
Charitable Associations
David Ramsbotham has been Patron to the Zahid Mubarek Trust since 2007 and is also currently Patron of the Charity SkillForce.
References
External links
|-
|-
1934 births
Living people
Crossbench life peers
Alumni of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge
Fellows of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge
British Army generals
British military personnel of The Troubles (Northern Ireland)
British Army personnel of the Indonesia–Malaysia confrontation
Royal Artillery officers
Rifle Brigade officers
Royal Green Jackets officers
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
People's peers
British prison inspectors
Life peers created by Elizabeth II
Felis Creations is a Bangalore, Karnataka-based film production company founded in 2006 by Sandesh Kadur. It produces factual programs for international broadcast. Felis Creations is also involved in wildlife documentation and conservation activities in collaboration with Wildlife Conservation Organizations. Felis creations was the producer for recent TV series Planet Earth II broadcast by the BBC.
Collaborations
Felis Creations is a content partner with photography organizations like International League of Conservation Photographers and ARKive. It also collaborates with wildlife organizations like Wildlife SOS and Gorgas Science Foundation, Meet Your Neighbours.
Current & Past Productions
Books
Other Projects
Felis images
Felis images is the stock photo department, which is a supplier of stock images for magazines and wildlife field guides. The company also caters wildlife footage to broadcast corporations like BBC and National Geographic Channel under the name Felis Images
References
External links
Felis Creations Official Website
Felis Images
Sandesh Kadur
2006 establishments in Karnataka
Film production companies of India
Film production companies based in Bangalore
Mass media companies established in 2006
The Edmonton Stingers are a Canadian professional basketball team based in Edmonton, Alberta. They compete in the Canadian Elite Basketball League (CEBL) and play their home games at the HIVE arena at the Edmonton Expo Centre. The Stingers' mascot is Buzz, a hornet, inspired by the CF-18 based in Cold Lake. The team logo has a CF-18 going through a capital E to make the body of the hornet.
History
On May 2, 2018, it was announced that Edmonton would be one of the six cities to participate in the Canadian Elite Basketball League, with the team expected to play its inaugural season beginning in May 2019. On June 22, 2018, it was announced that the team would be called the Edmonton Stingers.
The Edmonton Stingers played their inaugural game on May 10, 2019 against the Niagara River Lions, winning 118-105. In their debut season, the Stingers were eliminated in the semifinals.
In the 2020 season, Edmonton won its first CEBL championship after beating the Fraser Valley Bandits in the final, 90–73. Xavier Moon, who scored 30 points, was named Most Valuable Player of the championship game.
In the 2021 season, Edmonton won its second consecutive championship, making them the leagues first back to back champions 101-65 over the Niagara River Lions.
On September 22, 2021 Edmonton announced that they would compete in the 2021–22 BCL Americas. In their debut, the Stingers defeated Real Estelí 84-81 in Managua, Nicaragua.
Players
Current roster
The following is the Edmonton Stingers roster for the 2021–22 BCL Americas season.
Honours
CEBL
Champions (2): 2020, 2021
Season-by-season record
Notable players
Murphy Burnatowski
Mikh McKinney
Trahson Burrell
References
Sports teams in Edmonton
Basketball teams in Alberta
Basketball teams established in 2018
2018 establishments in Alberta
Canadian Elite Basketball League teams
Missionary Man may refer to:
"Missionary Man" (Eurythmics song), from 1986
Missionary Man (comics), a comic series written by Gordon Rennie
Missionary Man (film), a 2007 film by Dolph Lundgren
See also
Missionary (disambiguation)
Tibor Pardi (5 December 1967 – 28 February 2007) was a Hungarian water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1967 births
2007 deaths
Hungarian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Hungary
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Budapest
The Spin is an album by the American jazz band Yellowjackets, released in 1989. The album title refers to the Earth's rotation. The band supported the album with a North American tour.
The album was nominated for a Grammy Award, in the "Best Jazz Instrumental Performance, Group" category. It peaked in the top 10 on Billboards Jazz Albums chart.
Production
Yellowjackets had originally hoped to record The Spin with Claus Ogerman. Instead, the album was recorded in Oslo, Norway, in February 1989; it demonstrated a more acoustic sound than the band's previous efforts, relying less on synthesizers. Completed in three weeks, it was engineered by Jan Erik Kongshaug. The band sought to make the album as melodic as possible while still working within a traditional jazz setting.
Alex Acuña played percussion on the album.The Spin was the final album with saxophonist Marc Russo as a band member.
Critical reception
The Chicago Tribune wrote that The Spin "includes a few especially engaging cuts—'Storytellers' and a bebopish 'Whistle While You Walk', to name two—and some credible soloing by saxophonist Marc Russo." The Star Tribune noted the "more personal and more improvisational sound."
The Vancouver Sun concluded that "there is an intellectual coolness to some of this talented quartet's jazz instrumentals that is almost cold." The Austin American-Statesman determined that The Spin "won't be mistaken for classic acoustic jazz, but it is solidly rooted in a mainstream jazz sound, stressing its melodic elements over its rhythmic ones." The Houston Chronicle considered the album to be the band's best.
Track listing
"Geraldine" (Russell Ferrante) - 6:00
"The Spin" (Ferrante, Jimmy Haslip, Marc Russo, Will Kennedy) - 4:22
"Storytellers" (Ferrante) - 6:10
"Prayer for El Salvador" (Ferrante) - 5:29
"Whistle While You Walk" (Ferrante) - 4:47
'"Enigma" (Ferrante, Haslip) - 4:23
"Dark Horses" (Barry Coates, Ferrante, Haslip) - 4:33
"Blues for Nikki" (Russo) - 3:56
"A Flower Is a Lovesome Thing/Hallucinations" (Billy Strayhorn/Bud Powell) - 8:01
Track 9 is available on the CD release only.
Personnel
Yellowjackets
Russell Ferrante – keyboards
Jimmy Haslip – bass
Will Kennedy – drums, percussion
Marc Russo – saxophones
Guest Musicians
Alex Acuña – percussion arrangements
Production
Yellowjackets – producers
Jan Erik Kongshaug – engineer
Stephen Marcussen – masteringStudios'
Recorded at Rainbow Studios (Oslo, Norway)
Mastered at Precision Lacquer (Los Angeles, CA, USA)
References
Yellowjackets albums
1989 albums
MCA Records albums
The 2012 Winston-Salem Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 44th edition of the Winston-Salem Open, and was part of the ATP World Tour 250 Series of the 2012 ATP World Tour. It took place at the Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, United States, from August 19 through August 25, 2012. It was the last event on the 2012 US Open Series before the 2012 US Open. John Isner won the singles title.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Seedings are based on the rankings of August 13, 2012
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Tomáš Berdych
James Blake
Ryan Harrison
David Nalbandian
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Benjamin Becker
Ernests Gulbis
Michael McClune
Sergiy Stakhovsky
Withdrawals
Gaël Monfils (knee injury)
Retirements
Marcos Baghdatis (lower back injury)
Doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of August 13, 2012
Other entrants
The following pair received wildcard into the doubles main draw:
Jonathan Erlich / Andy Ram
The following pair received entry as alternates:
Pablo Andújar / Leonardo Mayer
Withdrawals
Marcos Baghdatis (lower back injury)
Retirements
Nicolas Mahut (knee injury)
Finals
Singles
John Isner defeated Tomáš Berdych, 3–6, 6–4, 7–6(11–9)
It was Isner's 2nd title of the year and 5th of his career.
Doubles
Santiago González / Scott Lipsky defeated Pablo Andújar / Leonardo Mayer, 6–3, 4–6, [10–2]
It was Gonzalez's 2nd title of the year and 5th of his career. It was Lipsky's 2nd title of the year and 8th of his career. As a team, it was their 2nd title of the year and 3rd of their career together.
References
External links
Official website
2012 ATP World Tour
2012 US Open Series
2012 in American tennis
August 2012 sports events in the United States
2012
Thompo Icefall () is an icefall at the northeast edge of Saratoga Table between Mount Hummer and Mount Hook, in the Forrestal Range, Pensacola Mountains, Antarctica. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) in 1967 from ground surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photographs taken in 1964. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) in 1979 after Robert W. Thompson, photographer of U.S. Navy Squadron VX-6 in the Balleny Islands and Sky-Hi Nunataks areas, 1963–64, and in the Pensacola Mountains, 1964–65. Thompo is a nickname by which he and other family members have been known.
Icefalls of Antarctica
Bodies of ice of Queen Elizabeth Land
Ecliptopera capitata is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Europe.
The length of the forewings is 11–13 mm. The moths fly in two generations from May to August.
The larvae feed on touch-me-not balsam.
Notes
The flight season refers to the Belgium and The Netherlands. This may vary in other parts of the range.
External links
Lepidoptera of Belgium
Lepiforum.de
Vlindernet.nl
Cidariini
Moths of Japan
Moths of Europe
Taxa named by Gottlieb August Wilhelm Herrich-Schäffer
Club de Fútbol Cafetaleros de Chiapas is a Mexican football club based in the city of Tuxtla Gutiérrez, Chiapas currently competing in Liga Premier de México, the third tier of Mexican football. Between 2015 and 2020, the team played at Ascenso MX, the second tier of Mexican football. On June 26, 2020, the club's first-team squad was relocated to Cancún and renamed as Cancún F.C., however, Cafetaleros de Chiapas kept the team registered in Liga Premier, which was affiliated with Cancún F.C. between 2020 and 2022.
History
Cafetaleros de Tapachula Futbol Club was founded on May 25, 2015 after Altamira based Estudiantes de Altamira announced the relocation of the club to Tapachula due to economic reasons.
On June 7, 2015, the club's relocation to Tapachula was made official by Ascenso MX.
The team won the 2018 Ascenso MX, but were not promoted to the Liga MX because they did not meet regulations.
On May 28, 2019 the team was moved to Tuxtla Gutiérrez and was renamed as Cafetaleros de Chiapas. The team was relocated to meet the requirements required to promote to the Liga MX. Also, the team changed its colors, originally green and black to gold and black.
Uniforms
Past kits
2021-2022
2020-2021
2019-2020
2018-2019
2017-2018
2016-2017
2015-2016
Stadium
Cafetaleros de Chiapas play their home matches at the Estadio Víctor Manuel Reyna in Tuxtla Gutiérrez, Chiapas. The stadium capacity is 29,001 people. It's owned by Government of Chiapas, and its surface is covered by natural grass. The stadium was opened in early 1982.
Formerly, Cafetaleros played their home matches at the Estadio Olímpico de Tapachula in Tapachula, Chiapas.
Personnel
Coaching staff
Players
First-team squad
Managers
Carlos de los Cobos (2015)
Gabriel Caballero (2015–2016)
Mauro Camoranesi (2016–2017)
Paco Ramírez (2017)
Gabriel Caballero (2017–2018)
Irving Rubirosa (2018)
Diego de la Torre (2018)
Luis Fernando Soto (2019)
Gabriel Pereyra (2019)
Diego de la Torre (2019–2020)
Leonardo Casanova (2020)
Miguel Ángel Casanova (2020–)
Honours
Ascenso MX
Winners: Clausura 2018
Campeón de Ascenso
Winners: 2017–18
References
External links
Ascenso MX teams
Football clubs in Chiapas
Palm Island(s)''' may refer to:
Queensland
Palm Island, Queensland, Australia, the locality in Queensland (consisting of the 13 islands of the Palm Island group, aka Greater Palm group)
Great Palm Island, Queensland, Australia, the island most often referred to as Palm Island
Aboriginal Shire of Palm Island, the council governing Great Palm Island and 11 other islands in the group
Palm Island Aboriginal Settlement, an Aboriginal reserve on Great Palm Island, Queensland, 1914–1975
Palm Island Airport, on Great Palm Island, Queensland
Others
Palm Island, Aruba, a private island in the Caribbean Sea, part of the Netherlands
Palm Island, Grenadines, an island in the Grenadines
Palm Island, Lebanon, an island in Lebanon, also known as Rabbits Island
Palm Island, Paracel Islands, an island in Paracel Islands in the South China Sea
Palm Island (Miami Beach), Florida, United States
Palm Island, a resort on Don Pedro Island, Charlotte County, Florida, United States
Palm Islands, artificial islands in Dubai
See also
Palm Island mystery disease, a disease affecting Aboriginal people on Great Palm Island in 1979
Palm Island riot, following a death in custody in 2004 on Great Palm Island
Palm Islands Nature Reserve, Lebanon
Merhülietsa Ward also known as Para Medical is a ward located under Nagaland's capital city, Kohima. The ward falls under the designated Ward No. 18 of the Kohima Municipal Council.
Education
Educational Institutions in Merhülietsa Ward:
Schools
Merhülietsa Government Middle School
Merhülietsa School
St. John School
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No. 18
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
Pascal Chang-Soï (born October 18, 1966 in Tahiti) is a French clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Taiohae. He was ordained as a priest on 4 February 2000, and as a bishop on 4 December 2010. In March 2013 he was appointed apostolic administrator of Papeete. He was appointed bishop of Taiohae in 2015.
See also
Catholic Church in Oceania
References
1966 births
Living people
French Polynesian Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Taiohae
St. Nicholas Church in Wszembórz is a brick Roman Catholic church located in the village of Wszembórz, in Gmina Kołaczkowo, Greater Poland. It is a parish church.
Description
The church was designed by the architect Stefan Cybichowski from Poznań. The construction was started in September 1934 and finished in May 1935 (raw state). In 1941 the occupying Germans converted it, into a garage. After the World War II the priest Unisław Smaruj fixed the roof, windows and equipped the interior of the church. The church has a capacity of about 1000. Until 1956 the parish was administered by the parish priest of Kołaczkowo. In the early 2010s stained glass windows have been installed.
Bibliography
Information on the website of the municipality Kołaczkowo (pl)
"Wszembórz - Gazeta Jubileuszowa 1310-2010".Magazine released on the occasion of the 700th anniversary of Wszembórz. Dariusz Pera
Gmina Kołaczkowo
Wszemborz
Wszemborz
Michael Millar (born April 28, 1965) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. Millar was selected 110th overall by the Hartford Whalers in the 1984 NHL Entry Draft. As well as the Whalers, he also played for the Washington Capitals, Boston Bruins, and Toronto Maple Leafs. Millar was born in St. Catharines, Ontario.
Millar played 10 seasons in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga and one in National League A between 1991 and 2002.
Career statistics
External links
Profile at hockeydraftcentral.com
1965 births
Living people
Baltimore Skipjacks players
Binghamton Whalers players
Boston Bruins players
Brantford Alexanders players
Canadian ice hockey right wingers
ECH Chur players
ESV Kaufbeuren players
Frankfurt Lions players
GEC Nordhorn players
Hamburg Crocodiles players
Hamilton Steelhawks players
Hartford Whalers draft picks
Hartford Whalers players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Kassel Huskies players
Maine Mariners players
Newmarket Saints players
REV Bremerhaven players
Sportspeople from St. Catharines
Toronto Maple Leafs players
Washington Capitals players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Germany
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Switzerland
William Wallace Chalmers (November 1, 1861 – October 1, 1944) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born in Strathroy, Ontario, Canada, Chalmers moved with his parents to Kent County, near Grand Rapids, Michigan, in 1865.
He attended the public schools, and Michigan State Normal School.
He graduated from the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor in 1887, from Eureka College in 1889, and from Heidelberg University, Tiffin, Ohio, in 1904.
He was a teacher and principal of schools until 1890.
Superintendent of schools in Grand Rapids, Michigan from 1890 to 1898 and in Toledo, Ohio from 1898 to 1905.
He served as president of the University of Toledo in 1904.
He engaged at different periods in farming, lumbering and, in the real-estate and insurance business at Toledo, Ohio.
Chalmers was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-seventh Congress (March 4, 1921 – March 3, 1923).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1922 to the Sixty-eighth Congress.
Chalmers was elected to the Sixty-ninth, Seventieth, and Seventy-first Congresses (March 4, 1925 – March 3, 1931).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1930.
He died in Indianapolis, Indiana, on October 1, 1944.
He was interred in Crown Hill Cemetery.
Sources
External links
1861 births
1944 deaths
Heidelberg University (Ohio) alumni
Members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
People from Kent County, Michigan
Politicians from Toledo, Ohio
Burials at Crown Hill Cemetery
School superintendents in Michigan
Eureka College alumni
Eastern Michigan University alumni
University of Michigan alumni
Presidents of the University of Toledo
Ohio Republicans
Pre-Confederation Canadian emigrants to the United States
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
People from Strathroy-Caradoc
Educators from Ohio
Educators from Michigan
School superintendents in Ohio
"Ligeia" is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe.
Ligeia may also refer to:
Ligeia (band), a metalcore band
Ligeia (mythology), a siren in Greek mythology
Ligeia Mare, the second-largest lake on Saturn's moon Titan (named after the siren)
"Ligeia", a song from the thrash metal band Annihilator (band)
"Ligeia", a song from the alternative band Bedlight for Blue Eyes
See also
Ligeia Siren, a chalk drawing by Dante Gabriel Rossetti
The Tomb of Ligeia, a 1964 British film
Ligia
Ligia (name)
The Harvard Choruses are three choral ensembles at Harvard University, consisting of the Harvard Glee Club, the Radcliffe Choral Society, and the Harvard-Radcliffe Collegium Musicum (respectively a men's, a women's, and a mixed chorus.) Each year the three Harvard Choruses combine to perform a large choral-orchestral work.
The Harvard-Radcliffe Chorus is an adjunct member, consisting of both Harvard students and members of the broader community, and serving in part as a training chorus for the other groups.
The Harvard Choruses are under the direction of Harvard's Director of Choral Activities, Andrew Clark.
History
The all-male Harvard Glee-Club, the oldest university choir (collegiate glee-club) in America, was established in 1858 by the president of Harvard's Pierian Sodality and several of their college friends.Archibald T. Davison was the Glee Club's first conductor and he served as choirmaster there before joining the Harvard Music Department in 1910. The members, a combination of undergraduate and graduate level students, are predominantly known for singing the Harvard Fight songs at university events and their four cardinal virtues: glee, good humor, unity, and joy. In 1899 the Radcliffe Choral Society was established as a treble choral ensemble. The group is student run and managed. More recently came the Harvard-Radcliffe Collegium Musicum which boasts the only co-ed membership of the three groups, and focuses primarily on early-Renaissance music.
Until 2016, the Harvard Choruses were commonly known as the Holden Choruses or Holden Chapel Choirs, names derived from the choirs' original rehearsal and office space at Holden Chapel in Harvard Yard.
The choir groups are known for being competitive within the three groups themselves, yet there is a fraternity-like bond within the male Glee club and the unique groups themselves convene for social activities that allow close bonding and networking opportunities.
References
External links
Holden Choirs
Harvard Glee Club
Radcliffe Choral Society
Harvard-Radcliffe Collegium Musicum
Harvard University musical groups
Choirs in Massachusetts
University choirs
Sir Stephen Chapman (5 June 1907 – 23 March 1991) was a British barrister and High Court judge who sat in the Queen's Bench Division from 1966 to 1981.
Stephen Chapman was the son of the economist Sir Sydney Chapman, Chief Economic Adviser to HM Government, and Lady (Mabel Gwendoline) Chapman.
References
https://www.ukwhoswho.com/view/10.1093/ww/9780199540891.001.0001/ww-9780199540884-e-171634
1907 births
1991 deaths
Queen's Bench Division judges
Knights Bachelor
Under Southern Skies is a 1902 Australian documentary made by the Limelight Department of The Salvation Army in Australia.
It was Australia's first historical documentary.
It consisted of 38 short films and 200 slides and was presented along with a lecture. It told the story of modern Australia's history.
References
1902 films
Australian documentary films
Australian silent short films
Australian black-and-white films
Limelight Department films
1900s documentary films
Wolseley (Canada 2011 Census population 864) is a town in southeast Saskatchewan, Canada, approximately 100 km east of Regina on the Trans-Canada Highway.
History
Wolseley's Provincial Court House building was constructed in 1893, and is the oldest surviving court house building in the province. The Town Hall and Opera House, built in 1906, is a classic building and is used for many community events. Canada's first Beaver Lumber was opened in Wolseley by co-founder E. A. Banbury in 1883. Beaver Lumber is now protected by Heritage status. The Banbury House Inn, which was originally built in 1905 as the private home for E. A. Banbury, was moved from its original location on the north bank of Fairly Lake to the west end of Wolseley to allow expansion of Lakeside Care Home in the 1980s. The Banbury House Inn now serves as a bed and breakfast.
Two private residences are also on the Canadian List of Historic Places. The Perley Residence, located at 206 Front Street, is a two-storey brick house which was the home of several prominent Wolseley residents, including the first miller in town, as well as A. A. Perley.
The home of Wolseley's first mayor, R. A. Magee, is another heritage property. It remains a private residence, and is situated immediately south of the Town Hall and Opera House.
Community
It has two schools, Dr. Isman Elementary School and Wolseley High School. The recently rebuilt "swinging bridge", has been a feature of Wolseley since 1905. It has a twelve-bed hospital, an eighty-bed nursing home, and two resident doctors.
The town is served by three weekly newspapers: The Wolseley Bulletin, The Indian Head-Wolseley News and The Grenfell Sun. A tourist information radio station, CISE-FM, is based out of Wolseley.
Wolseley has a modern artificial ice arena, a curling rink, a nine-hole golf course, and a public swimming beach which is located on the shore of Fairly Lake, the town's most distinguishing feature. This body of water was formed when the Canadian Pacific Railway dammed a creek in order to obtain a water supply for its steam engines. The town was named one of Canada's prettiest, most historic towns by Harrowsmith Country Life in 2000.
Wolseley is home to a thriving arts community and in the downtown area there is an art gallery which is the meeting place of the Wolseley Writers Group, the Wolseley Photography Club, and the Ellisboro Artisans Guild. The Twilite Drive-In Theater in Wolseley is one of the few left in Saskatchewan. The others include the Jubilee Drive-In Theatre in Manitou Beach, the Clearwater Drive-In in Kyle, the Moonlight Movies Drive-in in Pilot Butte, and the Prairie Dog Drive-in Theatre in Carlyle.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Wolseley had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
See also
List of communities in Saskatchewan
List of towns in Saskatchewan
References
External links
Wolseley No. 155, Saskatchewan
Towns in Saskatchewan
Division No. 5, Saskatchewan
Michigan's 102nd House of Representatives district (also referred to as Michigan's 102nd House district) is a legislative district within the Michigan House of Representatives located in parts of Manistee, Mason, Muskegon, and Oceana counties. The district was created in 1965, when the Michigan House of Representatives district naming scheme changed from a county-based system to a numerical one.
List of representatives
Recent Elections
Historical district boundaries
References
Michigan House of Representatives districts
Wexford County, Michigan
Mecosta County, Michigan
Osceola County, Michigan
Bogdanica is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 312 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
This is a list of Russian football transfers in the winter transfer window 2012–13 by club. Only clubs of the 2012–13 Russian Premier League are included.
Russian Premier League 2012–13
Alania Vladikavkaz
In:
Out:
Amkar Perm
In:
Out:
Anzhi Makhachkala
In:
Out:
CSKA Moscow
In:
Out:
Dynamo Moscow
In:
Out:
FC Krasnodar
In:
Out:
Krylia Sovetov Samara
In:
Out:
Kuban Krasnodar
In:
Out:
Lokomotiv Moscow
In:
Out:
Mordovia Saransk
In:
Out:
FC Rostov
In:
Out:
Rubin Kazan
In:
Out:
Spartak Moscow
In:
Out:
Terek Grozny
In:
Out:
Volga Nizhny Novgorod
In:
Out:
Zenit Saint Petersburg
In:
Out:
References
Transfers
2012
Russia
Lorcan Dempsey is a librarian who was a vice president and Chief Strategist of OCLC, where he worked for 21 years until retiring in June 2022.
He is a native of Dublin, Ireland, where he worked for some years in public libraries. He writes and talks about libraries and networked information. He is interested in the impact of changing patterns of research and learning on libraries, in libraries as public institutions, and in the architecture of digital information environments.
Career
Dempsey was appointed director of UKOLN, a research and policy unit at the University of Bath, in 1994.
In May 2000, Dempsey moved to work for the Jisc; part of his assignment involved being Programme Director of the DNER. In 2001 he joined the Online Computer Library Center (OCLC) as Vice-President of Research. He was named OCLC Chief Strategist in March 2004.
In January 2022, OCLC announced that Dempsey would retire from his position in April 2022, though he stayed through June.
Influence
Dempsey maintains a blog aimed at the wider library and digital information sectors, and tweets on similar issues.
A 2007 blog post was responsible for the coining of the term amplified conference. He has introduced many other concepts and terminology into the library community, including the network level; collective collection; disclosure; sourcing and scaling; library logistics; making data work harder; Amazoogle; in the flow; discovery happens elsewhere; inside out and outside in (of collections) and web scale. He introduced the term memory institution into popular use.
Dempsey has written and presented extensively on library issues. His published works cover topics such as the Warwick Framework, libraries in the contemporary world, the evolution of the digital library, and the library catalogue.
Views on Wikipedia
In 2006 he noted the importance of Wikipedia as an addressable knowledge base: Wikipedia makes it easy to include in any online communications a pointer to more knowledge on any topic using a convenient stable URL. "The economy and convenience of doing this is enormous", he said.
In 2012 he noted: "Wikipedia is already an 'addressable knowledge base', which creates huge value. DBpedia aims to add structure to this. Perhaps more importantly, Wikidata is an initiative to create a machine- and human-readable knowledge base of all the entities in Wikipedia and allow them to be augmented with further data and links."
Facilitation
Course Director, TICER Summer School, Tilburg University, The Netherlands, 21 to 24 August 2012.
Principal presenter, Hong Kong University Libraries Leadership Institute, Bangkok, Thailand, 29 April to 3 May 2011.
Contributions to invitational lecture series
The Research Library: Scalable Efficiency and Scalable Learning. 2012 SLIS David Kaser Lecture Series, Indiana University, Bloomington, Indiana, 7 October 2012.
Universities, libraries, collections, futures. Miles Conrad Lecture, NFAIS 52nd Annual Conference, Philadelphia. 1 March 2010.
Discovery, Delivery, Disclosure. University of Minnesota Libraries Planning Speaker Series. Minneapolis, 23 November 2009.
The Changing Scholarly and Cultural Record. Hall Center for the Humanities, University of Kansas, Lawrence, Kansas. 5 December 2007.
The Network Rewrites the Library. Phineas L. Windsor Lectureship, UIUC-Graduate School of Library and Information Science, Urbana-Champaign, Illinois. 23 February 2007.
Libraries and the network platform: A new cooperative context. Inaugural Frederick G. Kilgour Lecture in Information and Library Science, The School of Information and Library Science, UNC, Chapel Hill, North Carolina. 22 February 2006.
Awards
Dempsey is the co-recipient of the 2004 ALCTS presidential citation and the 2010 NFAIS Miles Conrad award. In June 2014, Dempsey was awarded the Honorary Degree of Doctor of the University (DUniv) by The Open University of the UK.
References
1958 births
Academics of Aberystwyth University
Alumni of University College Dublin
Irish librarians
Irish scholars and academics
Living people
OCLC people
People from Dublin (city)
People with acquired American citizenship
Negasso Gidada Solon (; 8 September 1943 – 27 April 2019) was an Ethiopian politician who was the president of Ethiopia from 1995 until 2001.
Biography
Negasso was the son of Gidada Solon, one of the first local ministers of a Protestant church in the Dembidolo area in western Ethiopia.
Negasso held a doctorate in social history from the Goethe University in Frankfurt-am-Main and was a part-time lecturer of history at Addis Ababa University. The title of his doctoral thesis was "History of the Sayyoo Oromo of Southwestern Wallaga, Ethiopia, from about 1730 to 1886". He was married to Regina Abelt, a German nurse and midwife. Being the First Lady of Ethiopia while holding the German Citizenship earned Abelt considerable, yet unwanted, attention by the German and European tabloid press. In marked contrast, Regina Abelt was virtually invisible in Ethiopia and never enjoyed the official title of First Lady which was instead used by the wife of the Prime Minister.
Negasso died in Germany on 27 April 2019, after battling health issues.
Political career
In Europe, he was an active member of the Oromo Liberation Front (OLF). Negasso had been Minister of Information in the Transitional Government of Ethiopia and Central Committee member of the Oromo People's Democratic Organisation (OPDO) when he became president on 22 August 1995. He left office when his term expired on 8 October 2001. Before the end of his term, he was expelled from both the OPDO and the EPRDF coalition on 22 June.
In the 2005 general elections, Negasso was elected to the Ethiopian House of People's Representatives as an independent from Dembidolo in the Mirab Welega Zone of the Oromia Region.
In July 2008, Negasso became a founding member of the Forum for Democratic Dialogue (FDD), a new coalition of opposition parties and activists. Then in November 2009, he announced he had joined the Unity for Democracy and Justice Party (UDJ), one of the eight parties in the FDD, "to try to unite Ethiopia". At the time of his announcement, he also asked forgiveness from Ethiopians for deceiving them that Ethiopia's current constitution was ratified in 1995 with full participation of all political parties in a democratic manner. "There were a number of political parties that were excluded from the process," he said during the ceremony when he and Siye Abraha were officially inducted into the UDJ.
References
External links
Media ETHIOPIA People in Ethiopia
1943 births
2019 deaths
Addis Ababa University faculty
People from Oromia Region
Members of the House of Peoples' Representatives
Presidents of Ethiopia
Goethe University Frankfurt alumni
Medrek politicians
Unity for Democracy and Justice politicians
Oromo Democratic Party politicians
Ethiopian Protestants
Oromo people
Labor ministers of Ethiopia
Communication ministers of Ethiopia
Ethiopian historians
People of the Ethiopian Civil War
20th-century Ethiopian politicians
21st-century Ethiopian politicians
De Heurne is a village in the municipality of Aalten, near Dinxperlo (Achterhoek region), Province of Gelderland, in the east of the Netherlands.
The village was first mentioned in 1841 as "Beggelder en Heurne", and means "means bent [of a hill]". In 1840, it was home to 1,216 people. In 1822, the grist mill Teunismolen was built in De Heurne.
The village has a Protestant church and a school. Between 1904 and 1935, De Heurne had its own train station, on the Varsseveld - Dinxperlo railway line. Although the railway service was discontinued in the 1960s and the station was closed, the original building is still there.
Revenues in the village are mainly from the agricultural sector. In recent years it has shifted towards tourism. Around 1950, the village counted more than ten small grocery shops, however these have all now closed. Nowadays the inhabitants do their shopping mostly in surrounding towns and villages.
To avoid confusion with Heurne ("Aaltense Heurne"), which is also situated in the same region, De Heurne is locally known as "Dinxperlose Heurne".
Gallery
References
Populated places in Gelderland
Aalten
George "Butch" Addison Nash (b.December 13, 1915, d.July 18, 2005) was an American football collegiate player and coach for the Minnesota Golden Gophers in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He played for the Golden Gophers from 1935–1938. During that time, he played the end position. Nash earned second-team Associated Press All-Big Ten Conference honors for his efforts in his senior 1938 season. He was later an assistant coach for the Golden Gophers from 1947 through 1980 (43 seasons) as primarily a defensive ends specialist. He then returned in 1984 as the junior varsity coach. He then worked as a volunteer coach from 1985–1991. He fully retired from coaching after the 1991 season. During his career, he worked under seven head coaches: Bernie Bierman, Wes Fesler, Murray Warmath, Cal Stoll, Joe Salem, Lou Holtz, and John Gutekunst.
Nash's career is highlighted by several key moments including National Football Championships in 1935 and 1936 as a player. As a coach, he earned a National Championship in 1960, a Rose Bowl victory in 1962, and bowl participation in the 1961 Rose Bowl and 1977 Hall of Fame Bowl
Another key highlight is the role he played in the 1977 and 1986 victories over the Michigan Wolverines. He delivered pre-game speeches to the team telling them the importance of the rivalry and the history of the "Little Brown Jug."
Nash also played basketball for the Golden Gophers and was on the 1936–1937 Big Ten Championship team.
Awards and championships
Personal life
Nash was married to Mary Leona "Lee" Nash and had three children. He had five grandchildren and six great-grandchildren.
Early life
Nash was born in Northeast Minneapolis, Minnesota on December 13, 1915. He attended Edison High School in Minneapolis and was a standout athlete in Basketball and Football.
He died July 18, 2005 at the age of 89 years old.
The Butch Nash Player Award
Since 1984, the Golden Gopher football team awards the Butch Nash award to player(s) that are "competitive on the field and in the classroom." The recipient list is below.
The Butch Nash High School Assistant Coach Award
The Butch Nash High School Assistant Coach Award given to outstanding Minnesota high school football coaches based on the criteria that they are an active coach, could be coaching at the varsity or lower levels, have a sufficient year of service to their program, along with other criteria mentioned on the Minnesota Football Coaches web site.
References
Minnesota Golden Gophers football players
Minnesota Golden Gophers football coaches
1915 births
2005 deaths
Edison High School (Minnesota) alumni
The RV Southern Surveyor was an Australian marine research vessel. It was owned and managed by the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO), with its operations funded by the Australian Government to undertake oceanographic, geoscience, ecosystem and fisheries research. It was built in the UK in 1972 and acquired by CSIRO in 1988. It was replaced in 2014 by the RV Investigator.
Achievements
The ship has carried out 111 Marine National Facility research voyages in the course of which she has travelled 481,550 km. Achievements include the discovery of submarine volcanoes between Fiji and Samoa, the compilation of climate records from ancient corals, the production of a carbon chemistry map of the Great Barrier Reef, and the 2006 discovery of a 200 km diameter vortex in the waters above the Perth Canyon off the coast of Rottnest Island, Western Australia.
In 2012 the Southern Surveyor confirmed the 'undiscovery' of Sandy Island.
References
Further reading
External links
CSIRO Marine National Facility – Southern Surveyor
Research vessels of Australia
1971 ships
CSIRO
Ilıcakınık is a small village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it has a population of 364 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
22nd Nova Scotia general election may refer to:
Nova Scotia general election, 1859, the 21st general election to take place in the Colony of Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error which occurred this election) 22nd General Assembly of Nova Scotia
Nova Scotia general election, 1863, the 22nd general election to take place in the Colony of Nova Scotia, for the 23rd General Assembly of Nova Scotia
1953 Nova Scotia general election, the 44th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 45th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 22nd general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia
The L&YR Class 24 was a class of short-wheelbase steam locomotives of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (L&YR). It was designed by Aspinall and introduced in 1897 for shunting duties. Twenty locomotives were built but 6 were withdrawn between 1917 and 1922.
They were notable for the first design of a locomotive in Britain to use a belpaire firebox and its first use on the L&YR.
Design and construction
They were designed for use in freight yards with sharp curves and steep inclines where more power was needed than that provided by alternative Aspinall Pugs.
This was the first time for a new build on the L&YR a belpaire firebox was used. The short-wheelbase design included outside cylinders with Richardson balanced valves on top; these being controlled by a combination of Allan motion and rocking shaft.
Modifications
The steam reversing gear, helpful for faster shunting operations, was later replaced by a screw which negated this effect. The push and pull regulator handle seemed to have been responsible for a number of minor accidents through lack of fine control was also replaced by a standard type. Those working in the Liverpool docks area had bells fitted beneath the boiler.
Seven of the remaining engines were re-built with Barton Wright type round top boilers around the 1917–1919 period.
Fleet
Service
The class was allocated mostly to yards in the Liverpool area with Newton Heath and Agecroft depots receiving a number for use in their local larger marshalling yards. One based at Ormskirk was noted for performing on the main line between shunting duties.
Fourteen locomotives passed to the London, Midland and Scottish Railway at the grouping in 1923. After further withdrawals, 5 locomotives passed to British Railways (BR) in 1948 and they were numbered as shown in the table above. All had been withdrawn by 1961. None were preserved.
See also
LMS Fowler Dock Tank, a similar LMS design which also incorporated outside cylinders regarded as unusual practice for a dock tank
References
Sources and further reading
0-6-0T locomotives
24
Railway locomotives introduced in 1897
Standard gauge steam locomotives of Great Britain
Scrapped locomotives
Kitija Laksa (born 21 May 1996) is a Latvian professional basketball player for TTT Riga and the Latvian national team.
Laksa played for the American collegiate team South Florida Bulls. She suffered a knee injury in November 2018 and missed the rest of her senior season. Instead of returning for a fifth year, Laksa signed with Latvian professional team TTT Riga in July 2019.
Laksa was drafted in the first round, 11th overall, by the Seattle Storm in the 2020 WNBA Draft. She signed a contract with the storm on April 25, 2020, but she was waived by the team on May 13, 2021.
South Florida statistics
Source
References
External links
USF Bulls bio
EuroBasket 2017 profile
1996 births
Living people
Latvian expatriate basketball people in the United States
Latvian women's basketball players
Seattle Storm draft picks
Small forwards
South Florida Bulls women's basketball players
Basketball players from Riga
Carl David Stegmann (1751 – 27 May 1826) was a German tenor, harpsichordist, conductor, and composer.
Biography
He was born in Staucha near Meissen, the son of Johann Ehrenfried Stegmann and Anna Christiana Bretzner. He married Karoline Johanna Eleanore Linz producing two sons and four daughters. He received his initial musical training from the local organist at Staucha, then studied in Dresden with J.F. Zillich (from 1760), at the Kreuzschule (1766–70) and later under Homilius and the violinist H.F. Weisse. Thereafter he rose rapidly as singer, actor, and harpsichordist; he went to Breslau in 1772 (with the Wäser theatre company), Königsberg in 1773, Heilsberg in 1774 (as court harpsichordist to the Bishop of Ermeland), Danzig in 1775, Königsberg again in 1776 (with the Schuch company) and later appeared in Gotha (at the court theatre). From 1778 to 1783 he made the first of two extended visits to Hamburg, winning particular renown as a harpsichordist. By that time, six of his operas and Singspiels, first produced earlier in Königsberg and Danzig, were attracting performances elsewhere in northern Germany. In 1783 he left Hamburg to join the Grossmann company in Bonn. He then became attached to the court theatre at Mainz in association with which he made highly acclaimed guest appearances in Frankfurt. He sang in the first German-language Don Giovanni (Mainz, 13 March 1789), produced or conducted other operas by Mozart, Salieri, Gluck and Gassmann, composed incidental music (e.g. to Bürger's version of Macbeth, 30 August 1785) and acted in dramas by Lessing and Schiller.
The summit of Stegmann's activities in Frankfurt was the production of his allegorical Singspiel Heinrich der Löwe (15 July 1792) to commemorate the coronation of Emperor Franz II. By the time of his return to Hamburg in November 1792, he was esteemed as a leading operatic producer and adapter, which compensated for the declining vocal prowess that forced him to restrict his appearances to comic roles (Allgemeine Musik-Zeitung i [1798-9], col. 713). In 1798 he joined the directorate of the Hamburg theatre, remaining there until 1811; thereafter he moved to Bonn and attracted attention mainly as a composer of incidental music and a series of instrumental works (Allgemeine Musik-Zeitung iv [1801-2], col. 261), including keyboard and multiple concertos. His earlier close acquaintance with the operas of Gluck and Mozart, and his later keyboard arrangements (published by his friend Simrock) of Haydn's symphonies, Mozart's string quintets and Beethoven's Trios op. 9 enabled him to produce instrumental music notable for contrapuntal and textural ingenuity, combined with an imaginative, if sometimes overladen, instrumentation. As a composer for the theatre, Stegmann has attracted attention for his harmonic and tonal organisation and for using antecedent forms of leitmotif, showing an early interest in dramatic and psychological continuity. He died in Bonn.
His daughter Margaretha Amalie von Neumann sang in the Royal Court Opera in Munich, becoming Court Singer to the King of Bavaria, Max-Josef, in 1812, and later director of the Court Theatre in Munich until she died in 1839.
Works
Erwin und Elmire (1776)
Philemon und Baucis (1777)
Montgolfier (1788)
Sultan Wampun (1791)
Heinrich der Löwe (1792)
Der Triumph der Liebe (1796)
Sources
McCredie, Anrew D.: "Stegmann, Carl David", in: The New Grove Dictionary of Opera, ed. Stanley Sadie (London, 1992); .
1751 births
1826 deaths
German conductors (music)
German male conductors (music)
German harpsichordists
German male classical composers
German opera composers
Male opera composers
German operatic tenors
Hochschule für Musik Carl Maria von Weber alumni
People educated at the Kreuzschule
Waar Wi is a political alliance in Senegal. At the legislative elections of 3 June 2007, the alliance won 4.35% of the popular vote and 3 out of 150 seats.
References
Political parties in Senegal
Enzo Barbaresco (born 24 April 1937) is a former football referee from Italy. He is known for having officiated the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, handling the match between Cameroon and Canada.
Barbaresco is known to have served as a FIFA referee during the period from 1980 to 1984. He officiated in qualifying matches for the 1982 World Cup and Euro 1984.
References
FIFA Profile
1937 births
Italian football referees
Olympic football referees
Living people
Kenneth Shine may refer to:
Kenneth Shine (dean), see David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA
Kenneth Shine, character in The Alphabet Killer
Ken Shine, Australian rugby league football coach
Xinzha Road () is the name of a station on Shanghai Metro Line 1, situated in Huangpu District within the inner ring-road of Shanghai. It opened on 10 April 1995 as part of the section between and .
The station is served by Shanghai bus lines 19, 36, 64, 136, 210, and 316 (night line).
References
Shanghai Metro stations in Huangpu District
Line 1, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 1995
Railway stations in Shanghai
English personal property law is a branch of English property law concerned with non-land based property interests.
History
The division of property into real and personal represents the division into immovable and movable incidentally recognized in Roman law and generally adopted since. "Things personal," according to Blackstone, "are goods, money, and all other movables which may attend the owner's person wherever he thinks proper to go" (Comm. ii. 16). This identification of things personal with movables does not express the English law, owing to the anomalous position of chattels real. In England, real property is supposed to be superior in dignity to personal property, which was originally of little importance from a legal point of view. This view is the result of feudal ideas, and had no place in the Roman system, in which immovables and movables were dealt with as far as possible in the same manner, and descended according to the same rules.
Types
Personal estate is divided in English law into chattels real and chattels personal; the latter are again divided into choses in possession and choses in action.
Interest in personal property may be either absolute or qualified. The latter case is illustrated by animals ferae naturae, in which property is only coextensive with detention. Personal property may be acquired by occupancy (including the accessio, commixtio, and confusio of Roman law), by invention, as patent and copyright, or by transfer, either by the act of the law (as in bankruptcy, judgment and intestacy), or by the act of the party (as in gift, contract and will).
There are several cases in which, by statute or otherwise, property is taken out of the class of real or personal to which it seems naturally to belong. By the operation of the equitable doctrine of conversion money directed to be employed in the purchase of land, or land directed to be turned into money, is in general regarded as that species of property into which it is directed to be converted. An example of property prima facie real which is treated as personal is an estate pur autre vie, which, since 14 Geo. II. c. 20, s. 9,1740-1741(now replaced by the Wills Act 1837, s. 6) is distributable as personal property in the absence of a special occupant. Examples of property prima facie personal which is treated as real are fixtures, heirlooms, such as deeds and family portraits, and shares in some of the older companies, as the New River Company, which are real estate by statute. In ordinary cases shares in companies are personal property, unless the shareholders have individually some interest in the land as land.
Comparison to real property
The main differences between real and personal property which still exist in England are these.
(1) In real property there can be nothing more than limited ownership; there can be no estate properly so called in personal property, and it may be held in complete ownership. There is nothing corresponding to an estate-tail in personal property; words which in real property would create an estate-tail will give an absolute interest in personalty. A life-interest may, however, be given in personalty, except in articles quae ipso usu consumuntur. Limitations of personal property, equally with those of real property, fall within the rule against perpetuities.
(2) Personal property is not subject to various incidents of real property, such as rent, dower or escheat.
(3) On the death of the owner intestate real property descends to the heir; personal property is divided according to the Statute of Distributions.
(4) Real property as a general rule must be transferred by deed; personal property does not need so solemn a mode of transfer.
(5) Contracts relating to real property must be in writing by the Statute of Frauds, 29 Car. II. c. 3, s. 4; contracts relating to personal property need only be in writing when it is expressly so provided by statute, as, for instance, in the cases falling under s. 17 of the Statute of Frauds.
(6) A will of lands need not be proved, but a will of personalty or of personal and real property together must be proved in order to give a title to those claiming under it.
(7) Devises of real estate fall as a rule within the Mortmain Acts (see Charity And Charities; Corporation); bequests of personal property, other than chattels real, are not within the act. (8) Mortgages of real property need not generally be registered; mortgages of personal property for the most part require registration under the Bills of Sale Acts (see Pledge, and Bill Of Sale).
Comparison to Scots law
The terms heritable and movable of Scots law to a great extent correspond with the real and personal of English law. The main points of difference are these.
(1) Leases are heritable as to the succession to the lessee, unless the destination expressly exclude heirs, but are movable as to the fisk.
(2) Money due on mortgages and securities on land is personalty in England. At common law in Scotland debts secured on heritable property are themselves heritable. But by the Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act 1868, s. 117, heritable securities are movable as far as regards the succession of the creditor, unless executors are expressly excluded. They still, however, remain heritable quoad fiscum, as between husband and wife, in computing legitim, and as far as regards the succession of the debtor.
(3) Up to 1868 the heir of heritage succeeded to certain movable goods called heirship movables, which bore a strong likeness to the heirlooms of English law. This right of the heir was abolished by the act of 1868, s. 160.
(4) Annuities, as having tractum futuri temporis, are heritable, and an obligation to pay them falls upon the heir of the deceased.
Comparison to US
The law in the United States agrees in most respects with that of England. Heirlooms are unknown, one reason being, no doubt, that the importance of title-deeds is much less than it is in England, owing to the operation of the Registration Acts. Long terms in some states have annexed to them the properties of freehold estates. In some states, estates pur autre vie descend like real property; in others an estate pur autre vie is deemed a freehold only during the life of the grantee; after his death it becomes a chattel real. In yet other states, the heir has a scintilla of interest as special occupant. In some states, railway rolling stock is considered as purely personal; in others, it has been held to be a fixture, and so to partake of the nature of real property. Shares in some of the early American corporations were, like New River shares in England, made real estate by statute, as in the case of the Cape Sable Company in Maryland. In Louisiana, animals employed in husbandry are, and slaves were, regarded as immovables. Pews in churches are generally real property, but in some states they are made personal property by statute. The assignment of choses in action is generally permitted, and is in most states regulated by statute. U. W.)
Cases
Carrier's Case (1473) 13 Edw. IV, f. 9, pl. 5 (Star Ch. and Exch. Ch.) - on the crime of larceny.
Armory v Delamirie (1722) K.B., 1 Strange 505, 93 ER 664
Waverley Borough Council v Fletcher [1995] 4 All ER 756, council had the better right to a brooch found on its land
Parker v British Airways Board [1982] 1 QB 1004, the finder of a bracelet in Heathrow airport could keep it and the Board did not own it
Dearle v Hall (1828) 3 Russ 1
R v Knowles, ex parte Somersett (Somersett's Case) (1772) 20 State Tr 1; (1772) Lofft 1 - concerning the illegality of property in people (i.e. slavery) in England.
Thomas v Times Book Company [1966] 1 WLR 911, requirement to make a gift is a true intention, so a person told he could keep the manuscript of a play "if he could find it" was a gift
See also
English land law
Trusts in English law
Notes
References
S Worthington, Personal Property Law (Hart 2007)
Schouler, Law of Personal Property
English property law
Grewingkia is a genus of extinct Paleozoic corals, found in Indiana. It contains at least one species, Grewingkia canadensis.
References
Rugosa
Prehistoric Hexacorallia genera
Paleozoic life of Ontario
Paleozoic life of Alberta
Paleozoic life of British Columbia
Paleozoic life of Manitoba
Paleozoic life of the Northwest Territories
Paleozoic life of Nunavut
Fossil taxa described in 1862
Robert George Bingham is a Professor in glaciology and geophysics at the University of Edinburgh. His research focuses on using geophysical, remote sensing, and modelling techniques to understand modern glacial change and processes, and on understanding the landforms left behind by retreating Northern Hemisphere glaciers at the end of the Last Glacial Maximum.
In 2013 he was awarded the Polar Medal, an award given to British citizens in recognition of acquisition of knowledge about polar regions, and who have undertaken polar expeditions in extreme hardship.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
British glaciologists
Recipients of the Polar Medal
Academics of the University of Edinburgh
British geographers
Statistics of Guam League in the 1990 season.
Overview
University of Guam won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Guam Soccer League seasons
Guam
Guam
football
Segerseni was an ancient Egyptian or Nubian chieftain of Nubia, likely reigning concurrently with the end of the 11th and beginning of the 12th Dynasty during the early Middle Kingdom.
Attestation
Segerseni is attested by one or two rock inscriptions discovered in Umbarakab (Khor-Dehmit) in Lower Nubia. Segerseni's throne name as given on the inscriptions remains in doubt as it was roughly carved and became badly weathered over time. It could be Menkhkare or Wadjkare. The former is now regarded as more probable. One of Segerseni's inscriptions possibly records a war in the unidentified region of Persenbet.
Segerseni is not attested on any of the Egyptian king lists.
Biography
Even though Segerseni adopted the titles of an Egyptian pharaoh, there is no evidence of him outside of Nubia. He was thus most likely a pretender to the Egyptian or Nubian throne headquartered in Lower Nubia, during a politically troubled period: either at the beginning of the First Intermediate Period, during the Second Intermediate Period, or in the time span including the reign of Mentuhotep IV of the 11th Dynasty and the early reign of Amenemhat I of the 12th Dynasty. The latter possibility is seen as more probable by Egyptologists. In particular, these two rulers seem to have had problems in being universally recognized as legitimate pharaohs.
It is known that Amenemhat I dispatched Khnumhotep I, the faithful Great Chief of the Oryx nome (the 16th nome of Upper Egypt) at Elephantine to Nubia in order to wipe out the last resistance against him there, but it is not known with certainty who was the leader of this resistance. It remains conjectural to posit that it was Segerseni. Furthermore, two other rulers based in Nubia, Iyibkhentre and Qakare Ini are known, likely from the same time period. They were both likely pretenders to the Egyptian throne, and the relationships between them and Segerseni are unknown. If Segerseni was indeed Amenemhat I's foe, he could have been fighting on Mentuhotep IV's side or for his own Nubian realm. Indeed, Nubia had gained its independence during the First Intermediate Period, as indicated by the military campaigns of Mentuhotep II in the region, only 40 years prior to Segerseni's conjectured lifetime.
References
Further reading
Henri Gauthier, "Nouvelles remarques sur la XIe dynastie", BIFAO 9 (1911), pp. 99–136.
Thomas Schneider, Lexikon der Pharaonen. Albatros, Düsseldorf 2002, , p. 259.
20th-century BC Pharaohs
People of the Eleventh Dynasty of Egypt
People of the Twelfth Dynasty of Egypt
Non-dynastic pharaohs
20th-century BC rulers
History of Nubia
Alessandro Martinelli (born 30 May 1993) is a Swiss professional footballer, currently playing as midfielder for AS Castello in Seconda Lega, the sixth tier of Swiss football league system.
Club career
Sampdoria
Born in Mendrisio, Ticino, an Italian-speaking canton, Switzerland, Martinelli moved south to Italy to start his professional career. He left the reserve team of U.C. Sampdoria in 2012 for Calcio Portogruaro Summaga.
Martinelli returned to Sampdoria in June 2013; he signed a new 5-year contract with the Genoese club.
On 2 September 2013, he was signed by Venezia. On 7 July 2014, he was signed by Modena in a temporary deal, with an option to purchase.
Brescia
He left for Brescia in the same formula on 9 July 2015.
On 25 July 2016, the loan was renewed, and in August 2017 Martinelli signed for Brescia on a permanent basis.
Palermo
In August 2019 he was signed by Serie D club Palermo. As a regular, and also captaining the team in Mario Santana's absence, he won promotion to Serie C on his debut season with the Rosanero.
On 7 September 2020, Palermo announced Martinelli was forced to retire from active football due to cardiac issues.
International career
Martinelli played every game in 2010 UEFA European Under-17 Championship. He also played for Swiss U18 team against Belgium and against Spain. He also received call-up against Austria and France but did not play. He only played once for Swiss U19 team in competitive match in 2012 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship elite qualification. He received call-up against Northern Ireland (he played once), Finland, (he played twice) Netherlands (once) and Estonia (once) in friendlies. In October 2013 he received his first U21 call-up. He made his debut as one of the starting XI.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
AIC profile (data by football.it)
Lega Serie B profile
1993 births
Living people
People from Mendrisio
Association football midfielders
Swiss footballers
Grasshopper Club Zürich players
U.C. Sampdoria players
A.S.D. Portogruaro players
Venezia F.C. players
Modena F.C. players
Brescia Calcio players
Palermo F.C. players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Switzerland under-21 international footballers
Switzerland youth international footballers
Swiss expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Swiss people of Italian descent
Sportspeople from Ticino
Yakabayat is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 518 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Laser-assisted new attachment procedure (LANAP) is a surgical therapy for the treatment of periodontitis, intended to work through regeneration rather than resection. This therapy and the laser used to perform it have been in use since 1994. It was developed by Robert H. Gregg II and Delwin McCarthy.
In LANAP surgery, a variable free-running pulsed neodymium:yttrium-aluminum-garnet (Nd:YAG at 1064 nm wavelength) is used by a dentist or periodontist to treat the periodontal pocket. The laser is intended to selectively remove diseased or infected pocket epithelium from the underlying connective tissue. The Nd:YAG laser has been shown to reduce levels of microbial pathogens in periodontal pockets and vaporize the pocket-lining epithelium without causing damage to the underlying connective tissue.
Efficacy
The use of lasers in treating periodontal disease has been seen by some dental professionals as controversial. The American Academy of Periodontology stated in 1999 that it was "not aware of any randomized blinded controlled longitudinal clinical trials, cohort or longitudinal studies, or case-controlled studies indicating that 'laser excisional new attachment procedure (or Laser ENAP)' or 'laser curettage' offers any advantageous clinical result not achieved by traditional periodontal therapy. Moreover, published studies suggest that use of lasers for ENAP procedures and/or gingival curettage could render root surfaces and adjacent alveolar bone incompatible with normal cell attachment and healing." A 2015 systematic review from the AAP regeneration workshop acknowledged more recent peer-reviewed studies showing periodontal regeneration, and further suggested that the LANAP protocol's minimally invasive nature may offer advantages in the regeneration of defects where minimal soft tissue change is required. The current AAP website indicates that lasers can be used to treat periodontal disease, and current controlled studies have shown that similar results have been found with the laser compared to specific other treatment options, including scaling and root planing alone. The website also states patients should be aware that different laser wavelengths have different applications in periodontal treatment.
As of October 2017 studies of lasers in the treatment of periodontitis have yet to provide sufficient evidence that the use of lasers provide benefit over traditional therapy. Compared to Scaling and root planing (S/RP), the LANAP protocol immediately suppresses red and orange complex periodontal pathogens.
In 2016, the FDA granted a new clearance of True Regeneration - the ability of the laser to regenerate alveolar bone, cementum, and periodontal ligaments when used with the LANAP protocol.
Benefits of laser gum disease surgery
According to the Academy of General Dentistry (AGD), there are benefits to dental lasers including: reduce symptoms and healing times associated with traditional therapies; reduce the amount of bacteria in both diseased gum tissue and in tooth cavities; and control bleeding during surgery.
The 1064 Nd:YAG laser kills at least three different periodontal pathogens without harming normal tissues: (Porphyromonas gingivalis (Pg) and Prevotella intermedia (Pi), and Candida albicans (Ca); a pathogenic fungus. This unique aspect of laser irradiation to affect some tissue and not others is termed Selective Photoantisepsis, and is due to differential absorption between host tissue and pathogens.
Nd:YAG laser light treatment has shown a long-lasting effect on the shift of bacterial subgingival flora, decreasing pathogenic bacteria and creating an environment where normal flora survives.
See also
List of laser articles
References
External links
Laser Assisted New Attachment Procedure in private practice (General Dentistry, September - October 2004, Vol 52, No. 5.)
Periodontology
Dental lasers
Vilma Charlton (born 7 December 1946) is a Jamaican sprinter. She competed in the women's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1946 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Jamaican female sprinters
Olympic athletes of Jamaica
Athletes (track and field) at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Jamaica
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1967 Pan American Games
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Jamaica
Pan American Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Medalists at the 1967 Pan American Games
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in athletics
Olympic female sprinters
20th-century Jamaican women
21st-century Jamaican women
Yuriy Karmelyuk (; born 2 July 1971) was a Ukrainian footballer and manager.
He is known as one of the coaches of FC Olimpik Donetsk.
References
External links
Yuriy Karmelyuk. Luhansk Our Football portal
1971 births
2008 suicides
Soviet footballers
Ukrainian footballers
Association football midfielders
FC CSKA Kyiv players
FC Aton Donetsk players
FC Skala Stryi (1911) players
FC Metalurh Donetsk players
FC Metalurh-2 Donetsk players
FC Olimpik Donetsk players
FC Tytan Donetsk players
Ukrainian Premier League managers
FC Olimpik Donetsk managers
FC Tytan Donetsk managers
Ukrainian Premier League players
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Ukrainian football managers
Suicides in Ukraine
Francisca Romana Marqués López (9 March 1888 – 26 July 1962), better known as Raquel Meller, was a Spanish diseuse, cuplé, and tonadilla singer and actress.
She was an international star in the 1920s and 1930s, appearing in several films and touring Europe and the Americas. A vaudeville performer, she sang the original versions of well known songs such as "La Violetera" and "El relicario", both written by José Padilla Sánchez.
Early life and career
Meller was born in Tarazona (Zaragoza), Aragón in the neighborhood of Cinto. Her father, Telesforo Marqués Ibañez, worked as a blacksmith and her mother, Isabel López Sainz, ran a grocery store.
Her family was one of the oldest in Aragón and were quite wealthy before becoming impoverished during the Carlist Wars. At the age of four, her family moved to Barcelona. Her father died when she was not yet 10 years old and she was placed under the care of her aunt, Sister María del Carmen, an abbess in the convent at Figueras. When her aunt asked her to become a nun, she escaped from the convent with the help of a gardener's ladder.
She moved back to Barcelona, where she worked as a seamstress, embroidering the robes of priests and bishops.
She sang as she worked, eventually drawing crowds who would stand on the street outside of the dressmaker's shop. Aged 13, she sang at a small cabaret in Valencia. She later appeared in Madrid where she attracted the attention of the King and Queen of Spain.
Around that time she met a famous singer, Marta Oliver, a regular at the clothes shop. Under the tutelage of Oliver, the young chanteuse made her debut in the lounge La Gran Peña in February 1908 under the name La Bella Rachel. Subsequently, she changed her name to Raquel Meller. On 16 September 1911 she made her grand debut at the Teatro Arnau in Barcelona.
In 1917, she met the Guatemalan journalist and diplomat Enrique Gómez Carrillo, whom she married in 1919. As Meller was unable to bear children, the couple adopted. The same year, Meller held her first concerts in Paris (Olympia), Argentina, Uruguay and Chile. Meller secured a divorce from Carrillo in 1922.
In 1919, Meller appeared in her first film, Los arlequines de seda y oro. In the next few years, she would star in her most successful and silent films Violettes impériales (1924) and Carmen (1926). She quickly became popular throughout the Western world and was a darling of the media. Meller was known to wear slender gold bracelets on her right wrist, each representing a significant step in her stage career.
Spanish senator Emilio Junoy alleged that Meller betrayed the spy Mata Hari to the French police in an apparent fit of jealousy over her husband Gómez Carrillo, who had penned a biography of Mata Hari. He denied the rumor, pointing out that Mata Hari was executed in 1917, two years before he married Meller.
The Russian outfit Films Albatros conceived of the 1926 film Carmen as a star vehicle for Meller, whose portrayal of the main character was a great success despite being at odds with the vision of director Jacques Feyder. Though she rose to fame singing bawdy cuplés, Meller was known to be prudish. Feyder later recalled how Meller's attitude led to problems while filming:
Meller was twice booked to perform in the United States, but canceled both appearances. In 1926 she finally arrived under contract to theatrical producer E. Ray Goetz, who assured her appearance by requiring her to put up a bond of $100,000. Meller arrived via the SS Leviathan, on which she attempted to book a deluxe suite for her five Pekingese. She visited New York, Philadelphia, Chicago, Boston, Baltimore and Los Angeles.
The sight and sound of Meller were captured for the Fox Movietone sound system, first demonstrated to the public at the Sam H. Harris Theatre in New York City on 21 January 1927. The clip, not quite synchronized, was shown by a movie projector equipped to play sound-on-film, and preceded the feature film What Price Glory? originally released by Fox in November 1926.
On her 1926 visit to Los Angeles, Meller attracted the attention of Charlie Chaplin, who tried to secure her to costar with him. Though he was unsuccessful, Chaplin did incorporate the melody of the song "La Violetera" as a major theme in his 1931 film City Lights.
In 1932 Meller shot a second version of Violettes impériales for the talkies, and in 1936 began shooting Lola Triana, whose production was interrupted by the Spanish Civil War. In the 1930s Meller lived in France. She was friends with Maurice Chevalier and Sarah Bernhardt, who described Meller as the "greatest actress in Europe—after myself."
In 1937 Meller traveled to Argentina where she remained until 1939. After the Civil War she moved to Barcelona and again achieved popularity with the play of José Padilla's Violetera, and there remarried to French businessman Edmond Saiac.
Later years
Meller faded from public view after the late 1930s. Her legend was rekindled with the films The Last Torch Song (1957) and The Violet Seller (1958) starring Sara Montiel, who sang songs popularized by Meller.
Other notable "Queens of cuplé" were La Chelito and La Fornarina.
Death
In 1962, Meller suffered a heart attack and died a month later on 26 July after falling into a coma, aged 74. Her funeral procession in Barcelona the following day numbered 100,000 people. She is interred in the Montjuïc Cemetery in Barcelona.
Legacy
Meller's hometown of Tarazona houses a permanent museum exhibition for Meller in the Fine Arts Theater of the town hall.
Filmography
La gitana blanca or Los arlequines de seda y oro (1919), as Gitana Blanca
Les opprimés (1922) by Henry Roussell, as Conception de la Playa Serra
Imperial Violets (1924)
The Night Watch (1925)
The Promised Land (1925)
Carmen (1926), as Carmen
Nocturne (1927)
La venenosa (1928)
Imperial Violets (1932)
References
Further reading
External links
Raquel Meller profile at IMDb
Remembering Raquel Meller
1888 births
1962 deaths
People from Tarazona y el Moncayo
Spanish film actresses
Spanish silent film actresses
Vaudeville performers
Cupletistas
20th-century Spanish women singers
Burials at Montjuïc Cemetery
Müstakimler is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 98 people. It is located about 15km North East of the City of Bolu.
References
Villages in Bolu District
The Lyra Davidica ("the harp of David"; expanded title: Lyra Davidica, or a Collection of Divine Songs and Hymns, Partly New[ly] Composed, Partly Translated from the High-German and Latin Hymns) is a collection of hymns and tunes first published in 1708. The collection was one of many containing hymns translated (mostly) from German, at a time when Anglicanism was heavily influenced by German evangelical pietism.
One well-known hymn from the collection is the Easter hymn "Jesus Christ Is Risen Today", whose melody is the only one which has survived since the original publication in 1708.
Philip Pullman named Lyra Belacqua, the heroine of his trilogy His Dark Materials, after the Lyra Davidica.
References
External links
Lyra Davidica at the Internet Archive
1708 books
Anglican hymnals
Anglican liturgical books
Going for a Song is an antiques quiz show broadcast by the BBC from 1965 to 1977. It was a forerunner of the Antiques Roadshow. The original television series was hosted by presenter Max Robertson, with Arthur Negus appearing as the resident expert and antique valuer. Revivals of the programme were made in the 1990s, hosted by Michael Parkinson (1995-1999), and Anne Robinson (2000), with Eric Knowles as the resident antiques expert, and in 2001 by Michael Aspel.
Format
The host would introduce an antique to a panel of antique experts, valuers and celebrity panellists who would examine the object and give its date and value. Negus would then present its actual age and worth. Midway through the show Arthur Negus would also present a piece of furniture which he would give detailed information about; this was done to effectively break the show into two segments and allow the panelists to relax and listen midway through the show.
Originally, Negus wasn't involved in the show. The original resident expert was Harry Leigh. The producer of the show was John King and the programme was recorded at the BBC's facilities in Bristol. Harry Leigh was a personal friend of John King and would stay with him at his home during production having travelled to Bristol from Portsmouth.
Theme music
All versions of the series were characterised by a caged bird automaton singing over the programme's opening and closing credits, accompanied in the original series by the first movement from Respighi's suite Gli Uccelli (The Birds).
References
External links
BBC Television shows
Antiques television series
Real Madriz Fútbol Club is a Nicaraguan football team playing at the top level. It is based in Somoto.
History
On 13 April 2021, the club under Honduran coach Hector Medina reached its first Copa Nicaragua and first top tier league final after defeating Deportivo Jalapa 4–3 on penalties after the game ended 1-1 after extra time.
The Copa Nicaragua final on 21 October 2021 saw Real Madriz lose 3-1 to Deportivo Walter Ferretti, with Roris Espinoza scoring the lone goal on 57 minutes.
However despite almost winning the Copa Nicaragua, the club was relegated from the primera division
Honours
Segunda División de Nicaragua and predecessors
Champions (1) : 2013
Copa de Nicaragua and predecessors
Runners-up (1) : 2021
Rivalries
Clásico de las Segovias
The club's nearest neighbour is Deportivo Ocotal, with whom the club shares a fierce rivalry.
List of coaches
Mario José Alfaro Mercado (2001–2003)
Léonidas Rodríguez (2004)
Mario José Alfaro Mercado (2005)
Miguel Ángel Palacios García (2006)
Leonidas Rodríguez (2006–2007)
Salvador Dubois Leiva
Fredall Murillo (2009)
Sindulio Adolfo Castellanos (2010–April 2012)
Juan Ramón Trejo (August 2011)
Ángel Orellana (July 2012– November 2012)
Omar Zambrana (January 2013 – August 2013)
Tyrone Acevedo (September 2013)
Angel Orellana (September 2013 – November 2013)
Juan Ramón Trejo (December 2013 – February 2014)
Santiago Irias (Interim) (February 2014– February 2014)
Luís Eduardo Montaño (March 2014 – June 2014)
Armando Ricardo Hernandez (June 2014– October 2014)
Mario Cruz (October 2014– February 2015)
Leonidas Rodriguez (February 2015- January 2016)
Elvin Roberto Cerna (January 2016 - April 2016)
Sindulio Adolfo Castellanos (April 2016 - June 2017)
Abraham Zavala (June 2017 - August 2017)
Daniel Bartolotta (August 2017 - October 2017)
Tyron Acevedo (October 2017 - June 2018)
Carlos Matamoros (July 2018 -)
Miguel Ángel Sánchez (2018- December 2018)
Sindulio Adolfo Castellanos (December 2018 - February 2019)
Miguel Ángel Sánchez ( - November 2019)
Carlos Matamoros (November 2019 - December 2019)
Juan Adriel Ramirez (January 2020 - May 2020)
Carlos Matamoros (May 2020 - December 2020)
Ronaldo Alvarado (January 2021 – March 2021)
Héctor Medina (March 2021 - December 2021)
Roberto Chanampe (January 2022 - March 2022)
Miguel Ángel Sánchez (March 2022 - Present)
External links
Excelente apoyo a los norteños - El Nuevo Diario
Historia - Real Madriz
Football clubs in Nicaragua
Association football clubs established in 1996
1996 establishments in Nicaragua
Steven Silver (born February 1, 1989) is an American actor, known for his roles in 13 Reasons Why and Council of Dads.
Career
A native of Houston, Texas, Silver made his acting debut in The Problem with Mr. Withers, a short film. He was then cast as Marcus Cole in 13 Reasons Why, appearing as a reoccurring character in the first two seasons. Silver appeared as a minor character in All the Little Things We Kill, which starred RJ Mitte, Elizabeth Marvel, and Scott Cohen. In 2019, Silver starred in The Obituary of Tunde Johnson, an independent drama directed by Ali LeRoi. Silver will appear in the NBC television series Council of Dads.
Filmography
References
External links
African-American male actors
Male actors from Houston
American male television actors
American male film actors
Living people
1989 births
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Juchuysillu is an extinct genus of interatheriid notoungulate. It lived from the Early to the Middle Miocene, and its fossils have been found in Bolivia.
Description
This animal would have been vaguely similar to a present-day guinea pig, and must not have been much over a kilogram in weight. Juchuysillu is known only from sparse fossil remains comprising jaws and jaws with teeth, but from comparison with some similar and better known animals such as Cochilius, Interatherium and Protypotherium, it is possible to speculate on its appearance. Juchuysillu was distinguished from related genera mainly by its tiny size, but mainly by a unique combination of dentition characters: weak grooves were present on the upper third and fourth premolar, the molars were in descending order from first to third and trapezoidal in shape, and the lower third molar lacked a buccal talon groove.
Classification
Juchuysillu arenalesensis was first described in 2020, based on fossil remains found in the Nazareno Formation in southern Bolivia, dating to the Early to Middle Miocene. Another specimen attributed to the same species comes from the Cerdas area, in Bolivia, in somewhat more recent deposits. Juchuysillu is a representative of the Interatheriidae, a family of typothere notoungulates comprising forms of varied size and appearance. Specifically, phylogenetic analyses would show Juchuysillu in an ancestral position relative to several species of interatheriids such as Miocochilius anomopodus, Caenophilus tripartitus, Miocochilius federicoi and various species of Protypotherium (including the well-known P. australe), but more derived than Protypotherium sinclairi.
References
Typotheres
Miocene mammals of South America
Neogene Bolivia
Fossils of Bolivia
Colloncuran
Friasian
Santacrucian
Colhuehuapian
Fossil taxa described in 2020
Prehistoric placental genera
Rumen Aleksandrov () is a Bulgarian weightlifter. He won the Silver medal in the 90 Kg class in the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow. He was champion of Europe in 1980, in Belgrade, Serbia. Aleksandrov is also world and european junior champion in 1978 in Athens, Greece.
He started training weightlifting in 1971 under Gancho Karushkov. He graduated from the Vasil Levski Sports School and competed for the team of Maritsa Plovdiv (1971 – 1978) and for the team of CSKA (1978 – 1982). Since 1982 he has been a coach at the team of CSKA. Between 1989 and 1992 he worked with the national team of Bulgaria. He shared his experience in many countries around the world, including the United States and Colombia.
References
Bulgarian male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Bulgaria
Weightlifters at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Bulgaria
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
1960 births
Living people
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
20th-century Bulgarian people
21st-century Bulgarian people
Katići () is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 113.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Juan Federico Ponce Vaides (26 August 1889 – 16 November 1956) was the acting President of Guatemala from 4 July 1944 to 20 October 1944. He was overthrown by a popular uprising on 20 October 1944 that began the Guatemalan Revolution.
Life
Ponce Vaides was born in a wealthy upper-class family in Coban, Alta Verapaz. His father was Mariano Ponce Contreras, his mother Victoria Vaides Arrivillaga. During the government of Manuel Estrada Cabrera, he took part in the National Campaign of 1906 against Honduras and El Salvador. After that, he became commander and political leader in different departments of state. After the downfall of Cabrera in 1920, he lost his brother, who was executed during a popular uprising.
Presidency
Jorge Ubico, the dictator of Guatemala from 1931 to 1944, was forced to resign on 1 July 1944 by a popular pro-democracy movement. Ubico appointed three generals, Ponce Vaides, Eduardo Villagran Ariza, and Buenaventura Pineda, to a military junta to succeed him. On 3 July, Ponce Vaides forced the Guatemalan congress at gunpoint to appoint him interim president. Ponce pledged to hold free elections soon, while at the same time suppressing the protests. Freedom of the press was suspended, arbitrary detentions continued, and memorial services for slain revolutionaries were prohibited.
Instability
Protests had grown to the point where the government could not stamp them out, and rural areas also began protesting the dictatorship. The government began to use the police to intimidate the indigenous population to keep it in power through the forthcoming election, resulting in more support for an armed revolution. The army itself had also begun to be disillusioned by the junta, and progressives within it had begun to plot a coup.
On 1 October 1944, Alejandro Cordova, the editor of El Imparcial, the main opposition newspaper, was assassinated. This led to the military coup plotters reaching out to the leaders of the protests, in an attempt to turn the coup into a popular uprising.
Stabilization attempts
Ponce Vaides announced elections, but the pro-democracy forces denounced them, citing his attempts to rig them in his favor.
He attempted to stabilize his regime by playing on inter-racial tension within the Guatemalan population. The most vocal support for the revolution had come from people of mixed racial descent, or Ladinos and Ponce sought to exploit their fear of the Indians by paying thousands of indigenous peasants to march in Guatemala city in his support, and promising them land of their own if they supported the Liberal party that Ubico had begun as a front for the dictatorship.
Overthrow
By mid-October, several different plans to overthrow the junta had been set in motion by the various factions of the pro-democracy movement, including the teachers, the students, and the progressive factions of the army. On 19 October, the government learned of one of these conspiracies. The same day, a small group of army officers launched a coup from within the army, led by the coup-plotters Francisco Javier Arana and Jacobo Árbenz Guzmán. They were joined the next day, 20 October, by other factions of the army and the civilian population. Initially, the battle went against the revolutionaries, but after an appeal for support their ranks were swelled by unionists and students, they eventually subdued the police and the army factions loyal to Ponce Vaides, and Ponce Vaides surrendered unconditionally.
Aftermath
Ponce Vaides and Ubico were allowed to leave the country safely. The military junta was replaced by another three-person junta consisting of Árbenz, Arana, and an upper-class youth named Jorge Toriello. The junta promised free and open elections to the presidency and the congress, as well as for a constituent assembly. The presidential elections were won by Juan José Arévalo, who began a series of social and economic reforms that constituted the Guatemalan Revolution.
References
1889 births
1956 deaths
Presidents of Guatemala
Vice presidents of Guatemala
Guatemalan generals
Liberal Party (Guatemala) politicians
World War II political leaders
Top Naija Music Awards (abbreviated TNMA Awards), an annual event for emerging recording singer, songwriter, and producer.
History
The event is composed of 26 categories and it's 1st edition of the Top Naija Music Awards was held on 28 December 2012, at the Blue Pearl Hall, Toyin Street, Ikeja, Lagos. The 2nd edition of the TNMA Awards was held on 16 May 2015, in Lagos, with host Denrele Edun, as it honors Nigerian emerging stars at the ceremony, and awarded Reekado Banks for Revelation of the Year at the event.
At the 7th edition of the TNMA Awards, one of the winners got a support funds from the organizers.
Ceremonies
Award categories
Artiste of the Year
Best Afro Pop Single
Best Collaboration with "A" List Artiste
Best Alternative Single
Best Collaboration
Best Song/Sound Recording
Best Street Single
Best Gospel Single
Best Rap Single
Best DJ
Best RNB Single
Best Teen Act (Male)
Best Teen Act (female)
Industrious Act
Best Inspirational Song with a Message
Best Afro Reggae Single
EP/Album of the year
Best Foreign Based Nigerian Artiste
Best Music Video
Best Record Label
Music Video Director
Artiste With Potential
Best Commercial Single
Best Sound Recording / Artiste to Watch
Best Hip Hop Single
Artiste With Potential
Past award categories
Recognition Award
Best Vocal Artiste (Male)
Best Vocal Artiste (Female)
Legendary Award
Indigenous Act Award
Pop/Rock Act With Potential Award
Male Act With Potential Award
Female Act With Potential Award
Highlife Act With Potential Award
Hip Hop Act With Potential Award
Indigenous Act With Potential Award
Gospel Music Icon Award
Most Promising Artiste (Male)
Most Promising Artiste (Female)
Best Lyrical Exploration/Lyricist (Male/Female)
Best Afro Hip Hop Single
Highlife Act With Potential
Best Gospel Music Video
Best Recording with A List Act
Best Indigenous Single
Emerging Male Act With Potential
Emerging Female Act With Potential
Emerging Gospel Act of the Year
Recording of the Year
Best Nigerian International Act
Best Performing Act
References
Awards established in 2012
Nigerian music awards
Thomas Blenman Hare (born 1952) is the William Sauter LaPorte '28 Professors in Regional Studies and the Chair of the Department of Comparative Literature at Princeton University.
Originally trained as a Japanologist and spending much of his career at Stanford University, Hare has broken new ground by applying post-structuralist analysis of semiotics and discourse of the body to ancient Egyptian language and culture in his book ReMembering Osiris: Number, Gender, and the Word in Ancient Egyptian Representational Systems (1999, Stanford), and, most recently, brought speech-act theory and performance studies to bear on Japanese Noh drama in his translation and commentary on Zeami's Performance Notes (2008, Columbia). He has also written on Kūkai and Kamo no Chōmei.
References
American Egyptologists
American Japanologists
Japanese–English translators
American translators
1952 births
Living people
Princeton University faculty
Stanford University faculty
Nicholas C. Burbules is a Gutgsell Endowed Professor of Education Policy, Organization and Leadership and an affiliate of the Unit for Criticism and Interpretative Theory at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. He is the director of the Ubiquitous Learning Institute and has served as Editor of the journal Educational Theory since 1991.
Education
Nicholas Burbules earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Religious Studies from Grinnell College in 1975, a Master of Arts degree in Philosophy from Stanford University in 1979, and a Doctor of Philosophy degree in Philosophy of Education from Stanford University in 1983.
Work
Nicholas Burbules has been a professor in the Department of Education Policy, Organization and Leadership since 1989 at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Prior to his work at the University of Illinois, Burbules was a professor in the Department of Educational Studies at the University of Utah.
Nicholas Burbules served as Editor of Educational Theory for more than twenty years, from 1992-2013, helped establish Education Review in 1998, and served as President of the Philosophy of Education Society in 2001. Burbules's publications include six books, eight edited books, and over 130 journal articles or book chapters on topics including dialogue, ethics, technology, educational research, critical theory, educational psychology, social philosophy, and political philosophy. He has been an invited to speak in over ten countries on the topic of technology in education.
Nicholas Burbules' most recent work centers on Ubiquitous Learning, a concept that draws out the emergence of "any time, anywhere" learning potential made possible by increased use of handheld and portable devices, along with pervasive wireless networking. This involves a shift in ubiquity, as the traditional divide between formal and informal contexts of learning breaks down. Technological as well as social, cultural, and institutional changes mean that learning is a continuous possibility across spatial and temporal barriers. Learners of all ages expect, and often need, structured learning opportunities in a "just in time" mode; this puts new meaning and vitality into the traditional idea of "lifelong learning."
Burbules opposes the unionization of tenure track faculty at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and is a contributing author at the blog “No Faculty Union at Illinois.”
In an August 2014 op-ed piece, Burbules and Joyce Tolliver expressed opposition toward critics of the University of Illinois's decision not to fulfill its commitment to hire Dr. Steven Salaita, a scholar known to be sympathetic to Palestinians and critical of the Israeli government. Burbules and Tolliver contended that critics of the decision did not wait until all information about the case was available. Now, with more facts about the situation, Burbules and Tolliver argued that there are two central questions to be considered. First is whether Salaita's comments, deemed "strident and vulgar" by the Illinois branch of the American Association of University Professors (AAUP), were protected by academic freedom, a position affirmatively taken by the Illinois AAUP. Second is whether the University has a right not to hire someone who writes publicly in a way that is, according to Tolliver and Burbules, "in the view of many people, incendiary and anti-Semitic." The Illinois chapter of the American Association of University Professors responded by critiquing the Burbules and Tolliver op-ed and defending Salaita's right to the University of Illinois job on grounds of academic freedom.
Honors and awards
Appointed to Gutgsell Professorship, University of Illinois (2009–2014).
Recipient, James and Helen Merritt Foundation Award for Outstanding Contributions to the Philosophy of Education (2004).
Appointed to Grayce Wicall Gauthier Professorship, College of Education, University of Illinois (2002–2007).
President, Philosophy of Education Society (2001).
Bibliography
Books:
Michael A Peters, Nicholas C. Burbules, and Paul Smeyers, Showing and Doing: Wittgenstein as a Pedagogical Philosopher (Boulder, Colorado: Paradigm Publishing, 2008). Revised and reissued with a new Preface and Postscript (2010).
Michael Peters and Nicholas C. Burbules, Poststructuralism and Educational Research (Lanham, Mass.: Rowman and Littlefield Publishers, 2003). Selected for the American Educational Studies Association “Critics' Choice” Award, 2005. Translated into Chinese (2007).
Gert Biesta and Nicholas C. Burbules, Pragmatism and Educational Research (Lanham, Mass.: Rowman and Littlefield Publishers, 2003). Selected as “The John Dewey Society Book of the Year, 2004.”
Nicholas C. Burbules and Thomas A. Callister Jr., Watch IT: The Promises and Risks of Information Technologies for Education (Boulder, Colorado: Westview Press, 2000). Selected by Netsurfer Education as a “Netsurfer Recommendation,” Vol. 2 No. 7 (2000). Translated and republished as Educacion: Riesgos y Promesas de las Nuevas Tecnologias de la Informacion (Granica: Buenos Aires, Argentina, 2001).
D.C. Phillips and Nicholas C. Burbules, Postpositivism and Educational Research (Lanham, Mass.: Rowman and Littlefield Publishers, 2000).
Nicholas C. Burbules, Dialogue in Teaching: Theory and Practice (New York: Teachers College Press, 1993). Selected for the American Educational Studies Association “Critics' Choice” Award, 1993. Selected for an invited book signing by the Conference on Intergroup Dialogue, University of Michigan, 1997. Translated and published as El Dialogo en la Ensenanza: Teoria y Practica (Amorrortu Editores: Buenos Aires, Argentina, 1999).
References
External links
Faculty Page
Educational Theory
Philosophers of education
Critical theorists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Charles West Kendall (April 22, 1828 – June 25, 1914) was an American politician, lawyer, librarian, editor, proprietor and miner in California, Nevada and Colorado.
Biography
Charles West Kendall was born in Searsmont, Maine, on April 22, 1828. Kendall attended Phillips Academy and Yale College. He moved to California in 1849, where he engaged in mining. He became editor and proprietor of the San Jose Tribune from 1855 to 1859.
Kendall studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1859, after which he commenced a practice in Sacramento, California. He was a member of the California State Assembly in 1862 and 1863, representing Tuolumne and Mono counties, and then moved to Hamilton, Nevada, where he continued to practice law. Kendall was elected a Democrat to the United States House of Representatives in 1870, serving from 1871 to 1875, declining to be a candidate for renomination in 1874. Afterwards, he moved to Denver, Colorado, and resumed practicing law. He served as assistant librarian in the Interstate Commerce Commission in Washington, D.C., from 1892 until his death in Mount Rainier, Maryland, on June 25, 1914. Kendall was interred in Congressional Cemetery in Washington.
References
1828 births
1914 deaths
Members of the California State Assembly
Lawyers from Sacramento, California
Nevada lawyers
Lawyers from Denver
People of the Interstate Commerce Commission
19th-century American newspaper editors
American miners
Phillips Academy alumni
Yale College alumni
Politicians from San Jose, California
Politicians from Sacramento, California
Politicians from Denver
People from Searsmont, Maine
Burials at the Congressional Cemetery
People from Mount Rainier, Maryland
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Nevada
California Democrats
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
The Chaude River (in French: rivière Chaude) flows successively in the municipalities of Mont-Carmel, Saint-Gabriel-Lalemant and Saint-Onésime-d'Ixworth, in the Kamouraska Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent, in Quebec, in Canada.
The Chaude River is a tributary of the east bank of the Grande River, which flows on the eastern bank of the Ouelle River which in turn flows on the south bank of the St. Lawrence River.
Geography
The Chaude River has its source in Chaudière Lake (length: ; altitude: ) which is located in the municipality of Mont-Carmel in the heart of the Notre Dame Mountains. This spring is located at southeast of the south shore of the St. Lawrence River, at northeast of the village center from Sainte-Perpétue and at southeast of the center of the village of Mont-Carmel.
From its source, the Chaude River flows over , with a drop of , divided into the following segments:
towards the south in Mont-Carmel, until the confluence of a stream (coming from the south) which drains the locality “La Plaine Molle”;
north-west, up to the confluence of the waterway designated "Tête de la Rivière Chaude" which has its source at Lac des Cinq Milles and flows ;
northeasterly, to the Canadian National railway;
westward, up to the limit between Saint-Gabriel-Lalemant;
westward in Saint-Gabriel-Lalemant, to the limit of Saint-Onésime-d'Ixworth;
westward, up to its confluence.
The confluence of the river is located in the municipality of Saint-Onésime-d'Ixworth. This confluence is located upstream of the covered bridge.
Toponymy
The toponym Chaude River was formalized on December 2, 1975, by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Bas-Saint-Laurent
Colombia is one of the largest music markets in Latin America. The majority of the albums are from local artists. Colombian artists dominate the list with seventeen entries of the twenty best selling albums in Colombia. One artist from Cuba and the Dominican Republic each to complete the list. Four artists - Carlos Vives, Diomedes Díaz, Juancho Rois and Shakira - appear more than once in the list. Carlos Vives tops the list with Clásicos de la Provincia, which sold approximately 1.2 million copies in the country.
Best-selling albums of all-time in Colombia
See also
ASINCOL
List of best-selling albums by country
References
Colombia
Colombian music
José Alonso (February 6, 1917August 27, 1970) was an Argentine politician and trade-unionist.
Early life
José Alonso was born in the Montserrat section of Buenos Aires, in 1917. The son of a Spanish tailor, he dedicated himself to the same profession, and was first elected as a union delegate of the tailors in 1938. Alonso initially supported socialism and Alfredo Palacios, but balked from the Socialist Party of Argentina in his support for the populist Colonel Juan Perón, Secretary of Labor of Pedro Pablo Ramírez' military government in power since June 4, 1943.
On March 23, 1943, Alonso created the SOIVA (Sindicato de la Industria del Vestido de la Capital Federal, Trade-Union of Clothing Industry of Capital Federal) textile trade-union to counter the influence of the communist Federación Obrera del Vestido (FOV, Workers' Federation of Clothing). Supported by Perón, the SOIVA soon became one of the strongest trade-unions of Argentina. Again, in 1945 and also with support of the military junta, Alonso founded the FONIVA (Federación Obrera Nacional de la Industria del Vestido) national federation, and became its vice-secretary.
During the Peronist government
José Alonso, elected secretary of the SOIVA in 1946, became part of the Confederal Central Committee of the CGT trade union. He travelled abroad, being delegate of Argentine workers' in several conferences of the International Labour Organization (ILO) and took part in the formation of the ATLAS (Agrupación de Trabajadores Latinoamericanos Sindicalistas, a Latin American trade-union confederation) in 1952.
He married at that time María Luisa Pinella, another trade-unionist who had earned Eva Perón's trust.
José Alonso then participated, along with other unionist leaders, as representative of the CGT, to the First National Congress of Philosophy, in Mendoza (March–April 1949), which contributed to set the bases of the Peronist movement.
He also collaborated to the creation of the FATRE (Federación Argentina de Trabajadores Rurales y Estibadores) and was a member of the directorship of the Fundación Eva Perón from 1952 to 1955, as well as secretary of the directorship of the EPASA, which published La Prensa and other newspapers.
Alonso was elected deputy of the Capital Federal from 1952 to 1955. He participated to the elaboration of the law on collective bargaining and the law on the pay of free day for workers working at home.
Revolución Libertadora
Following the 1955 Revolución Libertadora, a military coup which ousted Perón, Alonso was detained, before being unexpectedly released on 25 June 1956. Apparently that was an error, and the junta tried to capture him again, but Alonso managed to join Perón in his Venezuelan exile. He then participated to the negotiations between Perón and Rogelio Julio Frigerio, who represented presidential candidate Arturo Frondizi of the UCRI. These negotiations resulted in Perón's decisive endorsement of Frondizi in the 1958 presidential elections.
Alonso returned to Argentina in 1957, and was again detained, for several months, following the strike in the Frigorífico Nacional Lisandro de la Torre. He then tried to re-organize his former group of textile workers, as the trade-union had been put under federal receivership by the dictatorship. Frondizi would win the February 1958 elections, and would gradually restore the CGT to its former, independent status.
In March 1960, he was again elected as secretary general, and participated in the CGT de la Resistencia, headed by the steelworker Armando Cabo (the father of Dardo Cabo, who would join the Montoneros). He authorized his union's adhesion to the 62 Organizaciones, a Peronist trade-union association created following the 1957 CGT Congress.
General Secretary of the CGT
Alonso became a member of the "Commission of the 20", a unionist organization which gathered Peronists and independents, and headed the CGT following its legalization by Frondizi's government on February 28, 1961. Until 1963, the CGT was not completely institutionally normalized. President José María Guido authorized the CGT Normalization Congress in 1963. One hundred trade unions participated, and because the 62 Organizations supported José Alonso as candidate for Secretary General of the CGT, he was thus elected on February 1, 1963.
Alonso supported at first political reforms issued by Arturo Illia's new president (1963-1966), such as the cancelling of oil contracts subscribed by Frondizi. But on December 4, 1963, he presented a 15 points petition list, which requested increased wages, rupture with the International Monetary Fund (IMF), active participation of workers' in the state firms and the elimination of unemployment.
A few days later, he started his speech in La Boca by declaring: "Viva 1964 because it is the year in which Perón will return to the country." He then headed the CGT's struggle against Illia's policies (Plan de Acción), between March 1964 and July 1965. On 21 May 1964, around 80 factories of the Greater Buenos Aires were occupied, and 6 other strikes were organized under the CGT's leadership, followed by 3,900,000 workers and 11,000 working sites.
The plan, initially supported by independents among the CGT, then lead to the resignation of the graphist and vice-secretary general of the CGT, Héctor Riego Ribas, who opposed himself to the mobilization in favor of Perón's return.
Operativo Retorno and the break with Vandor
In December 1964, Alonso participated in the organization of Operativo Retorno (Operation Return), aimed at bringing back Perón from exile. The Operation was defeated however by the incumbent government.
In 1965, he was reelected as a representative of the CGT, and began to break with the steelworker leader, Augusto Vandor, who headed the 62 Organizations and wanted more independence from Perón's directives, launching the famous the mot d'ordre "A Peronism without Perón". Along with Lorenzo Pepe, Andrés Framini and Amado Olmos, he established the anti-Vandor "62 Organizations Standing with Perón".
When Isabel Perón, Juan Perón's third wife, traveled to Argentina to head the opposition to Vandor, Alonso became her main counselor. Meanwhile, the government and the military supported internal struggles among the CGT, particularly following Labor Minister Rubens San Sebastián's implementation of a "divide and conquer" policy, around 1966.
Despite open support from Perón and his wife, José Alonso lost his functions at the CGT on 2 February 1966, under pressure from the Vandoristas, and was replaced by Fernando Donaires.
The CGT General Congress then named as general secretary, Francisco Prado, a man from the Light and Power Workers' (Luz y Fuerza) trade-union - allies of Vandor.
Alonso then chose a new turn. Using his effective diplomatic relationship with the Roman Catholic Church in Argentina and the Armed Forces, he supported a coup d'État against Arturo Illia's elected government, and managed to reach an agreement with Vandor, both unified in common criticisms of liberal democracy.
Onganía's dictatorship
Following Juan Carlos Onganía's military coup of June 28, 1966, Alonso declared: "We congratulate ourselves in having witnessed the fall of the last bourgeois liberal government, because it will never be able to establish itself here again.".
The main trade unionist leaders, Vandor, Prado, Light and Power workers' leader Juan José Taccone, and Alonso attended the inaugural of the new de facto President Onganía. Along with Rogelio Coria, José Alonso participated to the Nueva Corriente de Opinión, which, headed by Taccone, supported a "participationist" or "collaborationist" attitude toward the military regime. A new tendency, opposed to the latter, formed in the workers' movement, headed by Amado Olmos, Raimundo Ongaro, Julio Guillán, Jorge Di Pasquale, Ricardo De Luca, Atilio Santillán, and Agustín Tosco.
However, trade unionists, and in particular José Alonso, began to oppose themselves to Onganía's dictatorship following Perón 's public condemnation of the military regime in September 1966. On November 21, 1966, Alonso stated that the military's policies were handing out the country to foreign hands.
The break with the military junta became definitive with the nomination of the orthodox liberal Adalbert Krieger Vasena to the Economic and Labor Ministry, in December 1966. The government began to detain trade unionists. Francisco Prado resigned from his functions as CGT general secretary in May 1967, and called a Normalization Congress at the end of March 1968. The radical tendency, opposed to collaboration with the military, won the elections, and the print workers' leader, Raimundo Ongaro, was elected general secretary. Since the "participationists" (Vander, Alonso, etc.) retained control of the CGT's headquarters, Ongaro headed a split, leading to the creation of the CGT de los Argentinos.
In this context, the Cordobazo riots of 1969 erupted, followed by the assassination of Vandor on June 30, 1969. Ongaro's CGT de los Argentinos was outlawed, while the CGT itself was temporarily suspended. On July 4, 1970, the right-wing unionist and steelworker José Ignacio Rucci was elected general secretary of the CGT.
Assassination
Alonso was assassinated on August 27, 1970 by Montoneros militants, although the crime has never been solved. He was buried in La Chacarita Cemetery.
References
1917 births
1970 deaths
People from Buenos Aires
Argentine people of Spanish descent
Members of the General Confederation of Labour (Argentina)
Assassinated Argentine politicians
People murdered in Argentina
Deaths by firearm in Argentina
Burials at La Chacarita Cemetery
Argentine tailors
The 1929 Lanarkshire North by-election was a parliamentary by-election held in the United Kingdom on 21 March 1929 for the House of Commons constituency of North Lanarkshire in Scotland.
Vacancy
The by-election was caused by the death on 8 February of the constituency's Unionist Member of Parliament, Sir Alexander Sprot, who had gained the seat from Labour at the 1924 general election.
History
Candidates
The Unionists selected 29-year-old Mungo Murray to defend the seat. He was the son of Lord Mansfield. A graduate of the University of Oxford, he had served in the Black Watch. He was standing for parliament for the first time.
The Labour Party needed to select a new candidate as their last candidate, the former MP, Joseph Sullivan, had been elected at the 1926 Bothwell by-election. Sullivan had been a prominent figure in the Lanarkshire Miners Association and local Labour Party would have liked to choose another miners representative. However, they settled on Miss Jennie Lee, a teacher from Fife and a graduate from Edinburgh University. She was standing for parliament for the first time.
The local Liberal Association selected 49-year-old Miss Elizabeth Mitchell as their candidate. She had contested Lanark at the 1924 general election. She was the daughter of Andrew Mitchell, a former sheriff of Lanarkshire and a member of Lanarkshire Education Authority. She was educated at St. George's School for Girls, Edinburgh, Edinburgh University, and Oxford University. She taught at the Royal Holloway College, University of London. She was Hon. Secretary to the Committee on Women in Agriculture in Scotland, Convener of Continuation classes at the County of Lanark and Vice- President of the Scottish Liberal Federation.
Campaign
On 1 March, nationally, Liberal leader, David Lloyd George launched the Liberal programme for the upcoming General Election, titled We Can Conquer Unemployment.
Result
Aftermath
References
British Parliamentary Election Results 1918-1949, compiled and edited by F.W.S. Craig (The Macmillan Press 1979)
1929 elections in the United Kingdom
1929 in Scotland
1920s elections in Scotland
Lanarkshire, North East
Lanarkshire
"Deal" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Tom T. Hall. It was released in May 1975 as the only single from the album, I Wrote a Song About It. The song peaked at number 8 on both the U.S. and the Canadian country singles chart.
Chart performance
References
1975 singles
Tom T. Hall songs
Songs written by Tom T. Hall
Song recordings produced by Jerry Kennedy
1975 songs
Mercury Records singles
Think! is the second album by American organist Lonnie Smith recorded in 1968 and released on the Blue Note label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Matt Collar awarded the album 4½ stars and stated "Think!, organist Lonnie Smith's 1968 sophomore effort for Blue Note, is easily one of the strongest dates the Hammond B-3 master would produce for the label".
Track listing
All compositions by Lonnie Smith except as noted
"Son of Ice Bag" (Hugh Masekela) - 11:15
"The Call of the Wild" - 12:31
"Think" (Aretha Franklin, Ted White) - 4:46
"Three Blind Mice" (Traditional) - 6:29
"Slouchin'" - 6:52
Personnel
Lonnie Smith - organ
Lee Morgan - trumpet
David Newman - tenor saxophone, flute
Melvin Sparks - guitar
Marion Booker Jr. - drums
Norberto Apellaniz, Willie Bivens - conga (tracks 2 & 5)
Henry "Pucho" Brown - timbales (tracks 2 & 5)
References
Blue Note Records albums
Lonnie Smith (jazz musician) albums
1968 albums
Albums produced by Francis Wolff
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
A palisade is a steel or wooden fence or wall of variable height, usually used as a defensive structure.
Palisade, palisades or palisading also may refer to:
Software
PALISADE (software), an open source cross platform software library that provides implementations of lattice-based cryptography building blocks and homomorphic encryption schemes
Geology
Columnar basalt, a common extrusive igneous (volcanic) rock formed from the rapid cooling of basaltic lava exposed at or very near the surface of a planet
List of places with columnar jointed volcanics
United States
The Palisades (Hudson River), cliffs along the Hudson River in the US states of New York and New Jersey
Palisades Sill, an intrusive igneous body that forms the cliffs largely following the southern portion of the Hudson River
Palisades (California Sierra), a group of peaks in the Sierra Nevada range of east-central California
Palisade Glacier, California
The Palisades (Napa County), a mountain range in the northern San Francisco Bay Area, California
The Palisade (Colorado), a butte in Mesa County, Colorado
Palisade Head, a headland on the North Shore of Lake Superior in Minnesota
Mississippi Palisades State Park, encompassing cliffs along the Mississippi River in northwestern Illinois
Kentucky River Palisades, cliffs along the Kentucky River in central Kentucky
Canada
Jasper Palisade, a mountain formation in Jasper National Park, Alberta
Communities
Canada
Palisade, Saskatchewan
The Palisades, Edmonton
United States
Pacific Palisades, Los Angeles, California
Palisade, Colorado
Palisade, Minnesota
Palisade, Nebraska
Palisade, Nevada
Palisades, New York
Palisades Park, New Jersey
The Palisades, Washington, D.C., a neighborhood
Biology
Palisade cell, a type of cell found in plant leaves
Palisade (pathology), a single layer of relatively long cells
Places
Palisades Amusement Park, former amusement park in Bergen County, New Jersey
Palisades Park (Freddy Cannon song), a hit song by Freddy Cannon
Palisades Park (Counting Crows song), a song by Counting Crows
Palisade Avenue (Hudson Palisades) in Hudson and Bergen, New Jersey
Palisades Center, a major shopping center in West Nyack, New York
Palisades Charter High School, in Los Angeles, California
Palisades Dam, Idaho
Palisades Interstate Parkway, a highway in New York and New Jersey
Palisades (music venue), a former live music venue in Bushwick, Brooklyn
Palisades Nuclear Generating Station, in Van Buren County, Michigan
Palisades School District, in northeastern Bucks County, Pennsylvania
Palisades Tahoe, a ski resort in Olympic Valley, California
Palisades Toys, a company that produced action figures and other collectibles
Music
Palisades (band), an American post-hardcore/hardcore band from Iselin, New Jersey
"Palisades", a song by Puressence from the album Don't Forget to Remember
"Palisades", a song by Angels of Light from the album Everything Is Good Here / Please Come Home
"The Palisades", a song by Childish Gambino on his STN MTN / Kauai EP
Vehicles
Hyundai Palisade, a 2018–present South Korean mid-size SUV
Everton Jay Lawrence (February 23, 1877 – June 19, 1947) was an American football player and coach. Lawrence was born in Norwalk, Ohio and played college football at Williams College from 1900 to 1901, before graduating in 1902. He served as the head football coach at Western Reserve University—now known as Case Western Reserve University, during the 1903 college football season, compiling a 3–6 record.
Lawrence married Julia Frances Klumph.
Head coaching record
References
External links
1877 births
1947 deaths
American football guards
American football halfbacks
Case Western Spartans football coaches
Williams Ephs football players
People from Norwalk, Ohio
Vasile Groapă (born 23 March 1955) is a retired Romanian heavyweight weightlifter. He competed at the 1980 and 1984 Olympics and won a silver medal in 1984. He retired in 1987 after an injury sustained while training.
References
1955 births
Living people
Olympic weightlifters of Romania
Weightlifters at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Romania
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Romanian male weightlifters
20th-century Romanian people
21st-century Romanian people
Scott Munroe (born January 20, 1982) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender who predominantly played in the American Hockey League (AHL). He is currently serving as an assistant coach with Trinity College.
Playing career
Munroe played NCAA Division I hockey at the University of Alabama in Huntsville from 2002 to 2006. Playing in 99 games for the Chargers, Munroe is the all-time career save percentage leader (.918) for UAH. Munroe also holds UAH season records for games played (31), most minutes (1812:54), most shots faced (1,084), most saves (993). He also holds the Chargers' single period record for saves and shots faced stopping 33 of 34 shots against the University of Minnesota on Nov. 2, 2003.
Munroe earned College Hockey America co-Player of the Year honors following his senior year. He also earned CHA Rookie of the Year honors for his play as a freshman. Munroe signed with the Philadelphia Flyers on April 16, 2006.
On April 24, 2008, Munroe was the winning goaltender in the longest AHL game ever played. It was Game 5 of the East Division Semifinals where the Philadelphia Phantoms faced the Albany River Rats at Times Union Center in Albany. The game lasted 142:58 and ended in the fifth overtime where the Phantoms won 3–2. Munroe had 65 stops in the victory while the losing goaltender, Michael Leighton, had 98 saves.
On July 1, 2009, he signed a one-year deal with the New York Islanders.
In the summer of 2011 he signed a one-year two-way deal with the Pittsburgh Penguins. The following off-season on August 23, 2012, he signed a one-year AHL deal with the Adirondack Phantoms.
On June 17, 2013, Munroe signed a one-year contract with the Växjö Lakers of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL). On April 16, 2014, Växjö announced that they will not renew Munroe's contract.
After a year in the SHL, Munroe signed for his final professional season to an AHL/ECHL two-way contract with the Springfield Falcons in the 2014–15 campaign.
Post-retirement
On June 30, 2015, Munroe announced his retirement from professional hockey in serving as an assistant coach and goaltending co-ordinator with major junior team, the Moncton Wildcats of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.
After two seasons with the Wildcats, Munroe left the team and continued his coaching career in accepting an assistant role with NCAA Division III participant, Trinity College of Connecticut for the 2017–18 season.
Career statistics
Awards and honours
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Adirondack Phantoms players
Alabama–Huntsville Chargers men's ice hockey players
Bridgeport Sound Tigers players
Canadian ice hockey goaltenders
Kalamazoo Wings (ECHL) players
HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk players
Sportspeople from Moose Jaw
Springfield Falcons players
Philadelphia Phantoms players
Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins players
Växjö Lakers players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Russia
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Sweden
Matakana Island is located in the western Bay of Plenty in New Zealand's North Island. A long, flat barrier island, it is in length but rarely more than wide. The island has been continuously populated for centuries by Māori tribes that are mostly associated with Ngāi Te Rangi.
The island has two distinct parts: of farm and orchard land on the inner harbour, (where most of the population lives) and of forest-covered coastal land exposed to the Pacific Ocean. A smaller island, Rangiwaea Island, is located just offshore from Matakana's southern coast.
As of the 2018 census, the island has a population of 183 people, down from 255 people in the 2013 Census. This makes Matakana Island the third least populated area in the Western Bay of Plenty. There are only 90 inhabited dwellings. Most people living on the island belong to the Ratana Church or the Catholic Church.
History and culture
Recent history
19th Century: Of the 290,000 acres the Crown seized in the Tauranga region in 1865, 240,000 acres were returned to Maori between 1865- 1886. The confiscated 50,000 acres did not include Matakana Island. Matakana Island is 15,000 acres. The 5000 acre western side of the island (farmland part) was purchased by Whittaker and Russell between 1869-1873. Whittaker and Russell then sold that 5000 acres on 2 April 1874 to the crown who then gave it back for no cost to the same Maori who had previously sold it. The coastal sand dunes of 10,000 acres were purchased by William Daldy of Auckland (1816 – 5 October 1903). A certificate of title under the Land Transfer Act 1870 was issued to Daldy on 3 August 1878. That transaction relates to the Wiakoura, Oturoa, Paretata, Omanuwhiri, Ohinetama, Wairaka, Pukekahu, Okotare and Hori Tupaea's Pa blocks.
20th Century: Between 1993 and 1999 the ownership of Matakana Island's forest and freehold land was in dispute. The case Arklow Investments Limited and Christopher Wingate v I.D. MacLean and others, (UKPC 51) was appealed from the New Zealand Court of Appeal to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in London.
Marae
Matakana Island has three maraes affiliated with Ngāi Te Rangi hapū. Kutaroa Marae and its Tauaiti meeting house are affiliated with Ngāti Tauaiti. Opureora Marae and its Tuwhiwhia meeting house are affiliated with Ngāi Tuwhiwhia and Ngāti Tauaiti. Te Rangihouhiri or Oruarahi Marae and its Te Rangihouhiri meeting house are affiliated with Ngāi Tamawhariua.
In October 2020, the Government committed $4,871,246 from the Provincial Growth Fund to upgrade Te Rangihouhiri Marae and 11 other Ngāti Awa marae, creating 23 jobs.
There is also two marae sites on neighbouring Rangiwaea Island belonging to Ngāi Te Rangi hapū. Rangiwaea Marae and its meeting house, Te Haka a Te Tupere, are a meeting place for Ngāi Tauwhao. The Oponui Marae site, which was dismantled between the 1980s and 2007, was traditionally a meeting place for Te Ngare.
Demographics
Matakana Island had a population of 183 at the 2018 New Zealand census, a decrease of 72 people (-28.2%) since the 2013 census, and a decrease of 42 people (-18.7%) since the 2006 census. There were 78 households. There were 87 males and 96 females, giving a sex ratio of 0.91 males per female. The median age was 40.6 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 33 people (18.0%) aged under 15 years, 33 (18.0%) aged 15 to 29, 81 (44.3%) aged 30 to 64, and 36 (19.7%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 13.1% European/Pākehā, 95.1% Māori, and 1.6% Pacific peoples (totals add to more than 100% since people could identify with multiple ethnicities).
The proportion of people born overseas was 3.3%, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people objected to giving their religion, 27.9% had no religion, 32.8% were Christian and 29.5% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 18 (12.0%) people had a bachelor or higher degree, and 33 (22.0%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $20,100, compared with $31,800 nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 54 (36.0%) people were employed full-time, 36 (24.0%) were part-time, and 3 (2.0%) were unemployed.
Geography
The island protects the entrance to the Tauranga harbour and stretches from Bowentown to Mount Maunganui. Matakana Island is largely covered with pine trees although some land is cleared for the residents. Matakana Island has a relatively small population density of 4.2, though still more than the West Coast(1.3 as of the 2006 Census). The island is the third largest by area associated with the North Island, or the fifteenth largest within New Zealand waters.
The island's long, white sandy beach is popular with surfers. Surfers can either catch a water taxi from Mount Maunganui or paddle to the island across the mouth of Tauranga Harbour (depending on weather conditions). Matakana's surf side is a nesting site for a large number of seabirds, including the endangered New Zealand dotterel. In 2007 the New Zealand Fisheries Management Research Database recorded and estimated that there were 325 sting rays inhabiting the estuarial waters between Matakana Island and Rangiwaea Island.
Education
Te Kura o Te Moutere o Matakana is a co-educational Māori language immersion state primary school for Year 1 to 8 students, with a roll of as of .
See also
List of islands of New Zealand
References
External links
Last step in Matakana Island pursuit
Matakana Island Surf Report
Barrier islands
Western Bay of Plenty District
Islands of the Bay of Plenty Region
Populated places around the Tauranga Harbour
Onchestus rentzi is an Australian species of stick insect, commonly named the crowned stick insect, described in 2006. It lives in rainforests along the coast of Queensland and the Northern Territory. It is named after the Australian orthopterist David Rentz.
Identification
Crowned stick insects are dark black-grey and use camouflage to blend in with the surroundings. Adults can reach lengths of 120mm and have a protuberance of the cuticle of the head which resembles a crown in both sexes. The wings of this species are a deep purple in colour.
Gallery
See also
List of Australian stick insects and mantids
References
External links
Phasmid Study Group: Onchestus rentzi
Phasmida SpeciesFile: Onchestus rentzi
rentzi
Insects of Australia
Endemic fauna of Australia
Insects described in 2006
Fighting Texans is a 1933 American Western film directed by Armand Schaefer and written by Wellyn Totman. The film stars Rex Bell, Luana Walters, Betty Mack, Yakima Canutt, Wally Wales and George "Gabby" Hayes. The film was released on June 15, 1933, by Monogram Pictures.
Cast
Rex Bell as Randy Graves
Luana Walters as Joanne Carver
Betty Mack as Rita Walsh
Yakima Canutt as Hank
Wally Wales as Pete
George "Gabby" Hayes as Pop Martin
Alan Bridge as Gus Durkin
Gordon De Main as Julian Nash
Lafe McKee as Sheriff Carver
George Nash as Albert
References
External links
1933 films
American Western (genre) films
1933 Western (genre) films
Monogram Pictures films
Films directed by Armand Schaefer
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Dolutegravir/rilpivirine, sold under the brand name Juluca, is a fixed-dose combination antiretroviral medication for the treatment of HIV/AIDS. It contains the medicines dolutegravir and rilpivirine. It is taken by mouth.
The most common adverse reactions (of all severity grades) are diarrhea and headache.
Dolutegravir/rilpivirine was approved for use in the United States in November 2017, and for use in the European Union in May 2018.
Medical uses
Dolutegravir/rilpivirine is indicated for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) infection in adults who are virologically-suppressed (HIV-1 RNA <50 copies/mL) on a stable antiretroviral regimen for at least six months with no history of virological failure and no known or suspected resistance to any non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor or integrase inhibitor.
References
External links
Fixed dose combination (antiretroviral)
Hepatotoxins
The Nathaniel Cobb and Lucetia Baily Deering House is a historic building located in Osage, Iowa, United States. The house served as the residence for a prominent politician. Nathaniel Cobb Deering, for whom this house was named, was involved in a variety of pursuits from his native Maine to the California Gold Rush to his adoptive state of Iowa. A Republican, he represented Iowa's 4th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives. He was friends with Hannibal Hamlin, who served as Abraham Lincoln's first term Vice-President, from the time they served together in the Maine House of Representatives. Hamlin reportedly visited Deering here in Osage. The front two-story portion of the brick house built in 1862, and Deering had the back 1½-story section built in 1867. He died here in 1887, and his second wife, Lucetia, died here in 1919. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
References
Houses completed in 1862
Osage, Iowa
Victorian architecture in Iowa
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Mitchell County, Iowa
Buildings and structures in Mitchell County, Iowa
Wycliff Mathou Kambonde (born 10 January 1988) is a Namibian football midfielder with the Jomo Cosmos of the Premier Soccer League in South Africa.
He previously played for Blue Waters in Namibia.
Kambonde played for the Namibia national football team at the 2008 Africa Cup of Nations, where he appeared in one match.
References
1988 births
Living people
Blue Waters F.C. players
Jomo Cosmos F.C. players
Namibian footballers
Namibian expatriate footballers
Namibia international footballers
Namibian expatriate sportspeople in South Africa
2008 Africa Cup of Nations players
Association football midfielders
Expatriate soccer players in South Africa
Driftwood Estate is an Australian winery at Wilyabrup, in the Margaret River wine region of Western Australia. Established by Tom and Helen Galapoulos in 1989 on what had previously been a country retreat, the winery immediately received acclaim when its first wine, a semillon produced in 1993, won a special commendation in a British competition. In 2009, leading Australian wine writer James Halliday rated Driftwood Estate as one of the best wineries in the Margaret River region.
See also
Australian wine
List of wineries in Western Australia
Western Australian wine
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
Driftwood Estate – official site
Companies established in 1989
Wilyabrup, Western Australia
Wineries in Western Australia
1989 establishments in Australia
江南 ("south of the river") may refer to:
Places
Jiangnan, a geographic area in China immediately south of the lower reaches of the Yangtze River
Kōnan, Aichi, Japan
Kōnan, Saitama, Japan
Kōnan-ku, Niigata, Niigata, Japan
People
Stations
Other uses
See also
Konan (disambiguation) for homophonous places in Japan
Phelsuma dorsivittata is a species of gecko endemic to northern Madagascar.
References
Phelsuma
Endemic fauna of Madagascar
Reptiles of Madagascar
Reptiles described in 1964
Niwata (written: 庭田) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
, Japanese women's footballer
, Japanese triathlete
Japanese-language surnames
George J. Hruza is an American dermatologist and medical author affiliated with St. Louis University School of Medicine as a clinical professor with over 40 years in the medical field including serving on dermatology boards across the United States. He recently received the American Academy of Dermatology Association Advocate of the Year award for 2022.
Hruza was born in Prague before moving with his family to New York City and attended New York University, earning a bachelor's degree (1978) and medical degree (1982) before undertaking his dermatology residency there. After his residency he completed a laser surgery fellowships at Harvard and the University of Wisconsin-Madison and an MBA from Washington University in St. Louis.
Hruza was the president of the American Academy of Dermatology. He has written and published over 150 articles and 4 dermatology textbooks and previously led the St. Louis Metropolitan Medical Society, the American Society for Dermatologic Surgery, and the American Society for Laser Medicine and Surgery.
A list of academic publications can be found here.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American dermatologists
American textbook writers
New York University alumni
Washington University in St. Louis alumni
Czechoslovak emigrants to the United States
Scientists from Prague
Saint Louis University faculty
American medical researchers
American medical academics
The Salta Argentina Temple is a temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints under construction in Salta, Argentina.
History
The intent to construct the temple was announced by church president Russell M. Nelson on April 1, 2018. The Salta Argentina Temple was announced concurrently with 6 other temples. At the time, the number of operating or announced temples was 189.
On November 4, 2020, a groundbreaking to signify beginning of construction was held, with Benjamín De Hoyos, president of the South America South Area, presiding. The groundbreaking was originally scheduled for August 15, 2020, but was postponed and then had limited in-person attendance, due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
See also
List of temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
List of temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints by geographic region
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Argentina
Comparison of temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Temple architecture (Latter-day Saints)
References
External links
Church Newsroom of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Salta Argentina Temple at ChurchofJesusChristTemples.org
Temples (LDS Church) in Argentina
Proposed religious buildings and structures of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Argentina
21st-century Latter Day Saint temples
Proposed buildings and structures in Argentina
Kenneth Francis McDowall (born 6 May 1938) is an English former footballer who played as an outside left in the Football League Fourth Division for Rochdale in the early 1960s. He began his career in the Cheshire League with Rhyl before joining Manchester United in September 1959. A year later, in October 1960, he left Manchester United for Rochdale without making an appearance.
External links
1938 births
Living people
Footballers from Manchester
English footballers
Association football forwards
Rhyl F.C. players
Manchester United F.C. players
Rochdale A.F.C. players
English Football League players
Sharanu Salagar is an Indian politician from Bharatiya Janata Party. In May 2021, he was elected as a member of the Karnataka Legislative Assembly from Basavakalyan (constituency). He defeated Mala B. Narayanrao of Indian National Congress by 20,629 votes in 2021 By-elections.
References
Living people
21st-century Indian politicians
People from Kalaburagi district
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Karnataka
Karnataka MLAs 2018–2023
1975 births
Jessica Stiehl
Jessica Stiehl is a fictional character on the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love). The character was originated by Jana Julie Kilka on January 28, 2010. Jessica is mostly used as a classic comic relief.
Jessica is the niece of Justus Stiehl, butler of the Lahnstein family. When she comes to Düsseldorf she's determined to get rich and famous and do whatever she has to do for it. Her intentions are tested when she becomes involved in a scheme by the wealthy Tristan von Lahnstein, who wants to get rid of his twin-sister's boyfriend, Andi Fritzsche. As it later appears to Jessica, Tristan is obsessed with his sister Helena and has desires to have an incestuous relationship with her. Jessica lies about Andi raping her after a party, which opens up for a lot of tension between her and Helena and Andi. Helena's trust in Andi is destroyed because of the false claim and Andie is left anxiously wondering if he did hurt Jessica on the account that he blacked out after taking a few drinks, but is convinced by Oliver that he isn't the type of man to ever hurt a woman. However, eventually, Andi is found not guilty because of the lack of evidence that he ever did so. Jessica moves on with her relationship to Tristan and even becomes engaged to him. She breaks it off when she realizes that she only is a cover for Tristan's love for Helena. Tristan and Jessica end up sleeping together anyway as Jessica hopes she can gain something by it, but eventually ends things completely when Jessica has to have sex with Tristan with a wig to look like Helena. As Tristan's obsession with his sister is later found out by his family, Jessica's lie about Andi raping her is also exposed. Jessica eventually moves on to Constantin von Lahnstein, who just returned to town and has taken an interest in Jessica. But when he finds out the truth about her, he ends things with her before they even start.
Broke and discredited, Jessica wants the forgiveness of Justus, who eventually has her work as a maid for the Lahnstein family. Jessica uses her new position to dig up dirt about the Lahnsteins, but is confronted by Helena, who lets her know that her every move is watched. Jessica's rivalry with Helena hits a new high, when Jessica parties with Andi and his roommate Christian Mann and they end up having a threesome together. Andi and Christian, who's married to Oliver Sabel, cheated on their partners. While Christian tells Olli the truth and puts his marriage at risk, Andi wants to keep the night to themselves. But Helena finds out the truth and ends her relationship with Andi as well, after even trying relationship counseling. Even though Jessica is one of the reason Olli broke up with Christian, he and Jessica become friends over time and Jessica is even allowed to stay in the flat-share; even starting a friendly relationship with Andi. In May 2011, Jessica starts working as a personal assistant for Tanja von Lahnstein, who becomes her role model. She's later chosen together with Olli to model for the new Incest(?) campaign, with which Tanja wants to relaunch 'Ligne Clarisse', a fashion company who was once owned by Tanja's enemy Clarissa von Anstetten. While working for Tanja, Jessica also started sleeping with Tanja's ex-husband Ansgar von Lahnstein on several occasions. More recently Jessica is involved in trying to reunite Christian and Olli; realizing that they belong together and feeling even more remorse for spending a night with Christian in the first place.
In February 2012, she starts falling in love with Daniel Fritzsche, brother of Andi's and Helena's boyfriend. She is also revealed to have dyslexia. Even though she and Daniel get closer, he insists that they are only friends. Daniel starts helping Jessica dealing with her dyslexia. This also creates tension with Helena, who is dating Daniel at the time. As Jessica tries to look more professional and leave her image as the dumb blond behind her father Günther comes to visit. He tells his brother Justus that he always thought Jessica was stupid but later is impressed when Jessica appears to have become a successful businesswoman. Daniel also falls in love with Jessica and they start a relationship. At the same time, Jessica becomes close with Arno Brandner, who has terminal Alzheimer's disease, and is specially affected by Arno's death since her mother died from Alzheimers. Daniel breaks up with Jessica when she gets pregnant with Hagen's child after a drunk one-night stand. Hagen and Dana decide to help Jessica raise the child, and after Jessica gives birth to the child, Maximilian, and Hagen disappears, Jessica and Dana enter a civil partnership in hopes that Dana will also be able to take care of him.
References
Verbotene Liebe characters
Television characters introduced in 2010
Fictional models
Golden Night (, ) is a 1976 French drama film directed by Serge Moati and starring Klaus Kinski.
Plot
A man who was considered dead returns in order to get back at those enemies who tried to kill him off.
Cast
Bernard Blier as Commissaire Pidoux
Klaus Kinski as Michel Fournier
Marie Dubois as Véronique
Jean-Luc Bideau as Henri Fournier
Charles Vanel as Charles Fournier
Anny Duperey as Andrée
Elisabeth Flickenschildt as Anna, Michel's mother
Raymond Bussières as Charron, a gambler
Valérie Pascale as Catherine, the little girl
Maurice Ronet as Henry aka Nuit d'or
References
External links
1976 films
1970s thriller films
Films about dysfunctional families
Films directed by Serge Moati
1970s French-language films
French thriller films
French films about revenge
German films about revenge
Gambling films
German thriller films
1970s French films
1970s German films
Sir Alexander Henry Paterson MC (20 November 1884 – 7 November 1947), known to his friends as Alec Paterson, was a British penologist who, as Commissioner of Prisons, introduced reforms that would provide a humane regime in penal institutions and encourage rehabilitation among inmates. He was the main force behind the development of Borstals and gained an international reputation as a great prison reformer.
Paterson was born in Bowdon, near Altrincham, Cheshire. His parents were staunch Unitarians and staunch Liberals, his father being the young churchill's electoral agent. He attended Bowdon College, the local private school for boys, and later studied at University College, Oxford where he obtained an honours degree in Greats. During his time at Oxford, he may have become an Anglican although he was not to be confirmed into the Church of England until 1908. Not long after he graduated, Paterson went to work with the Oxford Medical Mission, a Christian charity established by John Stansfeld ('the Doctor') which provided free medical treatment for the locals and ran youth clubs for underprivileged boys in Bermondsey, South London. He worked as an unpaid teacher in an elementary school, and served as a voluntary probation officer. He was also appointed by the Home Secretary, Winston Churchill, as assistant director of the Central Association for the Aid of Discharged Convicts, and was also involved withe Borstal Association. He recounted his experiences in Bermondsey in his enormously successful and influential book, Across the Bridges, published in 1911.
Paterson served in the Bermondsey Battalion (the Queens) of the London Regiment during World War I, enlisting as a private but reaching the rank of Captain and receiving a Military Cross. As a result of his close involvement in Talbot House during the Great War, he became the first chairman of the executive committee of charitable orgasnisation that grew out of it Toc H.
In 1922, he was appointed Commissioner of Prisons and Director of Convict Prisons, a position he held until his retirement in 1946.
During his period as Commissioner of Prisons, Paterson used Wakefield Prison as a testing ground for his reforms, such as establishing a farm within the prison in which inmates could learn agricultural skills. Prisoners were also allowed to earn small sums working, attend training courses and participate in games. In his view, the security of a prison's system was very important but it should not be dehumanizing. Among his initiatives to improve the prison system, he pointed out the problem of isolating prisoners, imposing the use of prison uniforms, and not monitoring prisoners after their release. In his views, the prison system should not dehumanize:
{{Quote|It should further provide such humanising and socialising influences as may be introduced from the normal world outside, and so far as it is compatible with discipline and control, allow each man to develop along the lines of his own personality. To seek the production of a uniform type is to war against God who made men different, and to deprive a human being of that personality which should be his cherished possession. When the dangers of imprisonment have been averted, or at any rate mitigated, the administration is unlikely to rest content. It cannot be content merely to remit to society after an appropriate period a felon who is just the same in heart and character as when he lost his freedom. Nor indeed is it credible that any man should endure such an experience without any change. The prison authorities aim a little higher, and try to make their regime such that in all cases where an improvement can be effected within the circumscribed limits of prison life, a man shall receive some definite training in habit and character.|Paterson's The Prison Problem of America}}
During his long tenure he became the foremost authority on prisons in the world, visited many countries throughout the Empire and beyond to advise on penal matters, and was an expert witness before many parliamentary and departmental committees. In 1935 at the International Penal and Penitentiary Congress held in Berlin he led a successful attempt to thwart the Nazis hijacking the whole conference for propaganda purposes. During the Second World War, apart from visiting the West African colonies and war-blasted Malta, he was sent to Canada to sort the refugee sheep from the Nazi goats among the 'enemy alien' internees' sent there from Britain. His report on this issue is as a compassionate response as it is a searing indictment of their treatment, and, as with so many of his reports, immensely readable and hugely effective. Stricken with malaria and worn out by his exertions, he reluctantly retired at the end of 1946 from his post as Commissioner, although he was retained as a consultant by his colleagues.
Paterson was knighted in 1947 and died shortly afterwards in London at the age of 62.
References
Further reading
Wright, Ronald Selby, Great Men, Ayer Publishing (1970),
Potter, Harry, Shades of the Prison House: a History of Incarceration in the British Isles (Boydell & Brewer, 2019).
Potter, Harry, Alexander Paterson: Prison Reformer'' (Boydell & Brewer,2022).
1884 births
1947 deaths
Alumni of University College, Oxford
Converts to Anglicanism from Unitarianism
English Anglicans
Knights Bachelor
Penologists
People from Altrincham
Recipients of the Military Cross
British Army personnel of World War I
East Surrey Regiment officers
Sylvaine Neveu, born on 6 January 1968, is a French chemist and scientific director of the Solvay group. She received an Irène-Joliot-Curie Prize in 2016.
Life and work
Born in Rennes, France, Neveu attended Châteaubriand high school before enrolling at the ParisTech School of Chemistry. She went on to earn her doctorate in process engineering from the École Nationale Supérieure des mines in Paris and joined the Belgian company Solvay group in 1994. There, she is working at the Research and Innovation organization in charge of the development of products and processes for the Group's Global Business Unit Silica.
All of Neveu's work is based on understanding the "nanoscopic structure and functions of an important molecule in a number of everyday objects, silica or quartz, which is none other than silicon dioxide (SiO2)."
She received the Irène-Joliot-Curie prize in 2016 for her innovations in the field of silica and energy-saving tires. During an interview with Sergeant, she described her tire project.Thus, the new "green tire" requires less energy to manufacture than its rubber ancestors. The material that makes up the tire, a synthetic polymer containing 50% silica, brings 10 to 20% technical improvements: it wears out less quickly and adheres better to the road, thus contributing to better safety.Her research projects target the reduction of the consumption of energy and water during the production of silicas, and she has "authored 17 patent families and leads the department in charge of the development and industrialization of new silica products and processes."
Awards and distinctions
Irène-Joliot-Curie prize in the category "Research and Business Woman" in 2016.
References
Living people
Scientists from Rennes
21st-century French scientists
21st-century French women scientists
French women scientists
French women chemists
1968 births
Adversaeschna is a monotypic genus of large dragonflies in the family Aeshnidae. Adversaeschna brevistyla is the only known species of this genus which is found in Australia, New Zealand, Norfolk Island and some Pacific Islands.
Species
The genus Adversaeschna includes only one species:
Adversaeschna brevistyla
Etymology
The word Adversaeschna is a combination of two Latin words: adversus, meaning opposite in physical position; and aeschna, derived from the genus Aeshna named by Danish entomologist Johan Fabricius in 1775.
Adversaeschna brevistyla was described by Tony Watson in 1992 as being taxonomically isolated from other dragonflies in the genus Aeshna.
References
Aeshnidae
Anisoptera genera
Monotypic Odonata genera
Odonata of Oceania
Taxa named by J.A.L. (Tony) Watson
Insects described in 1992
The Jackson County Courthouse is located along Main Street (Arkansas Highway 367) in the center of Newport, Arkansas, the county seat of Jackson County. It is a Late Victorian brick building, with a protruding three-story square tower. It was built in 1892, and is one of the state's oldest courthouses. It was apparently based in part on the Ouachita County courthouse (since demolished), but its architect is not known.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jackson County, Arkansas
References
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
County courthouses in Arkansas
Buildings and structures in Jackson County, Arkansas
Government buildings completed in 1892
National Register of Historic Places in Jackson County, Arkansas
1892 establishments in Arkansas
Newport, Arkansas
Telepace is an Italy-based broadcasting network, established in 1979, that carries Roman Catholic-themed programming. The programs include programming from Centro Televisivo Vaticano. Its headquarters are in Cerna, a frazione of Sant'Anna d'Alfaedo, Italy, with branches in Trento, Agrigento, Lodi, Fátima and Jerusalem.
Broadcasting
It is broadcast in Italy on DTT over various mux, in the United States it is available FTA on Glorystar and Spiritcast, in Australia it is available FTA on UBI World TV. Also on Satellite TV, Telepace broadcast also as TV Syndication in Italy with more than 50 affiliated television stations.
The channel started at the beginning of 2014 to air in high definition on Eutelsat HotBird satellites and on SKY Italia and Tivù Sat. The SD version was dropped from HotBird the same day. Up to now, native HD programs only occur during live telecasts from Vatican City distributed by the Centro Televisivo Vaticano, and during repeats of the above.
On August 17, 2021, the channel left satellite Hot Bird 13B and continue on Optus D2 at 152°East 12519 MHz V, Sr 22500 3/4 MPEG-2 SD.
See also
Vatican Media
Padre Pio TV
Radio Maria
Notes
External links
Telepace – Official Website
Telepace online broadcast
Free-to-air
International broadcasters
Catholic television networks
Commercial-free television networks
Television channels and stations established in 1979
Television channels in Italy
Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ48 is a digital camera by Panasonic Lumix. The highest-resolution pictures it records is 12.1 megapixels, through its 25mm Leica DC VARIO-ELMARIT.
Property
24x optical zoom and 32x intelligent zoom
2.8 LEICA DC VARIO-ELMARIT lens with Nano Surface Coating technology
Full HD movie
Active POWER O.I.S. mode
Photo 3D
References
External links
DMC-FZ48 on panasonic.it
Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ48 review
Bridge digital cameras
FZ48
Parvin Dowlatabadi () born 1924-April 15, 2008 was an Iranian children's author and poet.
Studying interior photography in the United Kingdom, she was one of the founders of the Children's Book Council of Iran. She had written 20 books for children, including “Sparrow and Toad”, “A Glance at Children's Literature”, and “One Actor”.
She died on April 15, 2008, aged 84, of a heart attack in Tehran.
References
1924 births
2008 deaths
Iranian writers
Iranian expatriates in the United Kingdom
The spiny babbler (Turdoides nipalensis; ) is a species of bird in the family Leiothrichidae. Found only in the Middle Hills of Nepal, it can for example be seen around the Kathmandu valley, specifically around the Godavari and Phulchoki area close to the city of Lalitpur.
Also known locally as the Kande Bhyakur, literally translated "thorny bird". It was first scientifically described by Brian Houghton Hodgson in the mid-19th century, then never seen again and even feared extinct until famously rediscovered by Sidney Dillon Ripley, an American ornithologist, in the late 1940s.
It is predominantly a shy bird but can be seen in the early breeding season when the males sing out in the open. It lives in dense scrubs and mounts branches of bushes and small trees to sing.
It is threatened by the clearance of scrub for agriculture and expansion of urban areas.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae ( Spiny Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
External links
Spiny babbler (Turdoides nipalensis) at eBird.
Spiny babbler (Turdoides nipalensis) at Avibase
Turdoides
Birds of Nepal
Birds described in 1836
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Figure skating has been part of the Olympic Games since 1908 and has been included in 26 Olympic Games. There have been 286 medals (96 gold, 95 silver, and 95 bronze) awarded to figure skaters representing 29 representing National Olympic Committees. Six events have been contested but one, men's special figures, was discontinued after a single Olympics.
Canadian ice dancers Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir are the only figure skaters to win five Olympic medals (3 gold, 2 silver). Swedish figure skater Gillis Grafström (3 gold, 1 silver) and Russian figure skater Evgeni Plushenko (2 gold, 2 silver) each have four medals. Seventeen figure skaters have won three medals. The only skaters with three consecutive titles are Grafström in men's singles, Sonja Henie (Norway) in ladies' singles, and Irina Rodnina (Soviet Union) in pairs. Sixteen figure skaters have earned two golds within the same discipline and five skaters have earned gold in two separate Olympic events.
On two occasions, there has been a podium sweep. Russian figure skaters hold the unique record for earning gold medals in all six Olympic figure skating events. Three skaters won Olympic medals in multiple figure skating disciplines.
Medalists
Men's singles
Men's special figures
Men's special figures was only included in one Olympic Games before being discontinued. The sole winner of the event was Russian Nikolai Panin, who gave his country its first ever Olympic gold medal.
Ladies' singles
Pairs
Ice dance
Team event
The team event is the newest Olympic figure skating event, first contested in the 2014 Games. It combines the four Olympic figure skating disciplines (men's singles, ladies' singles, pairs, and ice dance) into a single event; gold is awarded to the team that earns the most placement points.
Skaters who only competed in the short program/rhythm dance.
Skaters who only competed in the free skating/dance.
Multi-medalists
Most medals
Gillis Grafström earned the most medals in a single event: four medals, three of which gold, in men's singles. The only other skaters to have earned three golds in a single discipline are Sonja Henie in ladies' singles and Irina Rodnina in pairs.
Counting multiple events, Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir hold the record for the most medals, with a total of five medals including two golds in ice dance and one team event gold. Evgeni Plushenko earned four medals, including a gold in men's singles and a team event gold.
Figure skaters who won three or more medals at the Olympics are listed below:
Multiple golds
The only skaters with three consecutive titles are Gillis Grafström in men's singles, Sonja Henie in ladies' singles, and Irina Rodnina in pairs. The most consecutive titles in ice dance is two, which has only been achieved by Oksana Grishuk and Evgeny Platov. In addition, one ladies' singles skater, three men's singles skaters, and five pairs skaters have earned consecutive titles. Two ice dancers and three pair skaters have earned non-consecutive titles.
Five skaters have won Olympic gold medals in multiple events. Evgeni Plushenko won gold in men's singles in 2006 and team event gold in 2014. Tatiana Volosozhar and Maxim Trankov were the first skaters to win multiple events at a single Olympics, winning both pairs and the team event. Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir matched this feat four years later, earning golds in ice dance and the team event.
Multi-medalists by event
Men's singles
Ladies' singles
Pairs
Ice dance
Team event
Multiple events
Only three skaters have won Olympic medals in multiple figure skating disciplines. All other multi-event medalists won medals in their discipline plus the team event (which, while being a separate event, is not considered its own skating discipline).
Two disciplines
In 1908, Madge Syers became the first skater to medal in multiple figure skating disciplines at a single Olympics. The only skater to match this feat was Ernst Baier in 1936. The only other skater to medal in multiple disciplines was Beatrix Loughran who did so at separate Olympics.
No skater has won gold medals in multiple disciplines.
One discipline plus team event
The team event was introduced at the 2014 Winter Olympics. It allowed skaters to medal twice while skating one discipline.
On 9 February 2014, Evgeni Plushenko became the first skater to win multiple figure skating events. On 12 February 2014, Tatiana Volosozhar and Maxim Trankov became the first skaters to win multiple events at a single Olympics. Four years later, Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir matched this feat.
The below table lists all skaters who have medaled in their own discipline and in the team event. (The number of team event medals are listed in parenthesis with a "T".)
Summer and Winter Games
Since figure skating was held during the Summer Olympic Games in 1908 and 1920 before being moved to the Winter Olympic Games, three skaters medaled in figure skating in both the Summer and Winter Games.
Men's singles skater Gillis Grafström's first gold medal was earned at the 1920 Summer Olympics. His other three medals were won at the 1924–1932 Winter Games. Pair skaters Ludowika Jakobsson and Walter Jakobsson also earned gold during the 1920 Summer Olympics. They later medaled at the 1924 Winter Games.
Country records
Winning streak
From 1964 to 2006, Russian figure skaters—representing the Soviet Union, the Unified Team, or Russia—won the gold medal in the pairs event, in what is the longest series of victories for one country in one winter event.
Most Medals
As of 2022, Russia surpassed the United States in ranking the most medals than any other country in figure skating. Having won a total of 60 medals of which are 30 gold, 21 slivers, & 9 bronze. Competing and representing under the Russian Empire, Soviet Union, Unified Team, Russian Federation, Olympic Athletes from Russia, & Russian Olympic Committee. Viktor Petrenko 1988 Bronze Medal & 1992 Gold Medal in Men's singles, who represented the Soviet Union & Unified Team is excluded from this count as Petrenko is Ukrainian and would later represent Ukraine at the 1994 Winter Olympics. This count only applies to Russian athletes as the majority of Soviet figure skaters are Russian or were born in Russian SSR.
Competing under the Russian Olympic Committee (ROC). Russia became the first country to win six medals in a single Olympics at Beijing 2022. Two gold in the Team Event & Ladies Singles, three slivers in Ice dance, Ladies Singles, & Pairs, and one bronze in Pairs.
Events won
Russian figure skaters, counting both Russian Federation (IOC code RUS) and Russian Empire (IOC code RU1), hold the unique record for earning gold medals in all six Olympic figure skating events. Since men's special figures was discontinued, this record can not be matched.
Russia (IOC code RUS) is the only NOC to have earning gold medals in all five current Olympic figure skating events. Canada has earned gold medals in four of the events (all except men's singles). Great Britain, Unified Team, and United States have earned gold medals in three of the events.
Russia and the Unified Team are the only NOCs to have won three events at the same Olympics, at the 2014 Winter Olympics and the 1992 Winter Olympics respectively. No NOC has won more than three figures skating events at a single Olympics.
Podium sweeps
There has been two podium sweeps in Olympic figure skating history. This is when athletes from one NOC win all three medals in a single event.
Medal totals by country
Men's singles
Men's special figures
Ladies' singles
Pairs
Ice dance
Team event
Age records
See also
Figure skating at the Olympic Games
List of Olympic medalists in figure skating by age
World Figure Skating Championships
Major achievements in figure skating by nation
Notes
References
General
ISU – Olympic Games Figure Skating results:
1908–2002 Men Ladies Pairs Ice dance
2006 2010 2014 2018 2022
Specific
External links
List of Olympic medalists in men's figure skating: photos and autographs
Figure skating
Olympic Games
Olympic medalists
Olympic medalists in figure skating
medalists
This is a list of notable events in country music that took place in the year 1956.
Events
January 30 — Despite a 4-inch snowstorm, 17,000 fans attend a Coliseum concert in Denver, Colorado. On the bill are Webb Pierce, Red Foley, the Foggy River Boys, Ray Price, Floyd Cramer, Roy Hill, the Echo Valley Boys and others.
March 15 — Colonel Tom Parker becomes manager of Elvis Presley.
March 22 — Carl Perkins is seriously injured in a car accident near Wilmington, Delaware, while en route to perform on The Perry Como Show.
November 10 — George Jones is named the most promising country and western artist, according to Billboard magazine's annual nationwide disc jockey poll. Elvis Presley is the most played C&W artist.
No dates
Although he already has had one No. 1 hit (with "I Forgot to Remember to Forget") and several other smaller-scale hits, Elvis Presley's national star power explodes when "Heartbreak Hotel" soars to the top of all three of Billboards country charts by the end of March. The song also completes a rare feat by topping each of the Billboard pop and Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs charts.
With release of Ray Price's "Crazy Arms", the 4/4 shuffle is established and would transform country music, especially honky tonk.
Top hits of the year
Number one hits
United States
(as certified by Billboard)
Notes
1^ No. 1 song of the year, as determined by Billboard.
2^ Song dropped from No. 1 and later returned to top spot.
A^ First Billboard No. 1 hit for that artist.
B^ Only Billboard No. 1 hit for that artist.Note''': Several songs were simultaneous No. 1 hits on the separate "Most Played C&W in Juke Boxes," "Most Played C&W by Jockeys" and "C&W Best Sellers in Stores" charts.
Other major hits
Top new album releases
Births
January 18 — Mark Collie, country artist of the early 1990s.
March 26 — Charly McClain, country vocalist of the early-to-mid-1980s.
June 19 — Doug Stone, popular country vocalist during the early- to mid-1990s.
July 6 — John Jorgenson, member of The Desert Rose Band.
July 26 — Scott Hendricks, record producer (Restless Heart, Blake Shelton)
August 12 — Danny Shirley, lead singer of Confederate Railroad
September 22 — Debby Boone, granddaughter of Red Foley who enjoyed country success of her own in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
October 23 — Dwight Yoakam, neotraditionalist since the mid-1980s who helped revitalize interest in the Bakersfield Sound.
December 9 — Sylvia, pop-styled female vocalist of the early-1980s who became best known as "Sylvia."
December 18 – Ron White, comedian, member of Blue Collar Comedy with Jeff Foxworthy, Bill Engvall, and Larry the Cable Guy
December 21 — Lee Roy Parnell, alternative country star who enjoyed mainstream country success during the mid-1990s.
December 30 — Suzy Bogguss, folk-styled country artist who rose to fame in the early 1990s.
Deaths
References
Further reading
Kingsbury, Paul, "Vinyl Hayride: Country Music Album Covers 1947–1989," Country Music Foundation, 2003 ()
Millard, Bob, "Country Music: 70 Years of America's Favorite Music," HarperCollins, New York, 1993 ()
Whitburn, Joel. "Top Country Songs 1944–2005 – 6th Edition." 2005.
Other links
Country Music Association
Country
Country music by year
Indiana's 8th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Indiana. Based in southwest and west central Indiana, the district is anchored in Evansville and also includes Jasper, Princeton, Terre Haute, Vincennes and Washington.
Commonly referred to as "The Bloody Eighth" at the local (and sometimes national) levels (See below for explanation), it was formerly a notorious swing district. However, due to a political realignment similar to contemporary realignment happening in the Deep South and Appalachia, it has in recent elections become a safe Republican district.
Election results from presidential races
Counties located in Indiana's 8th Congressional District
As of 2023, Indiana's 8th congressional district is located in southwest and west central Indiana. It includes Clay, Crawford, Daviess, Dubois, Gibson, Greene, Knox, Martin, Owen, Parke, Perry, Pike, Posey, Spencer, Sullivan, Vanderburgh, Vermillion, Vigo, and Warrick Counties, and half of Fountain.
Fountain County is split between this district and the 4th district. They are partitioned on the western border by Indiana State Rt 32, East Prairie Chapel Rd, and South New Liberty Rd, and on the southeastern border by North Sandhill Rd, Indiana West 260N, North Portland Arch Rd, West County Home Rd, and Indiana West 450N. The 8th district takes in the 5 townships of Fulton, Jackson, Millcreek, Van Buren, and Wabash, as well as most of the township of Troy and part of the township of Cain.
Cities of 10,000 or more people
(2010 Census)
Evansville - 117,429
Terre Haute - 60,785
Vincennes - 18,423
Jasper - 15,038
Washington - 11,509
2,500 - 10,000 people
(2010 Census)
Princeton - 8,644
Brazil - 7,912
Tell City - 7,272
Mt. Vernon - 6,687
Boonville - 6,246
Linton - 5,413
Clinton - 4,893
North Terre Haute - 4,305
Sullivan - 4,249
Newburgh - 3,325
Fort Branch - 2,771
Bicknell - 2,892
History
Based in Evansville, the 8th Congressional District was widened when Indiana lost a seat after the 2000 U.S. Census to include much of the former 5th and 7th Congressional Districts. At that time, Bloomington (the home of former U.S. Representative Frank McCloskey) was moved into the 9th Congressional District, while the 8th Congressional District was extended northward to include much of the former 7th Congressional District in west-central Indiana, including Terre Haute. As a result of this expansion, the district is the largest in area in Indiana with all or part of 18 counties.
The district has been nicknamed "The Bloody Eighth" because of a series of hard-fought campaigns and political reversals. Unlike most other districts in the state, which tend to give their representatives long tenures in Washington, the 8th Congressional District has a reputation for frequently ousting incumbents from both parties. Since 1983, no one has held the seat or its predecessors for longer than 12 years. Voters in the district ousted six incumbents from 1966 to 1982. The election in 1984 was so close that the House of Representatives itself determined which of two candidates to seat, accepting the recommendation of the Democratic-controlled House task force sent to Indiana to count the ballots. Democratic incumbent Frank McCloskey ultimately won by a margin of four votes out of 233,000 casts. After that, McCloskey was reelected four more times before losing to Republican John Hostettler in 1994, amid the Republican Revolution. Hostettler represented the district for six terms before being defeated in a landslide by moderate Democrat Brad Ellsworth in 2006. It was the first district picked up by the Democrats that year, and was one of thirty nationwide that they gained while regaining control of the House. Ellsworth ran unsuccessfully for U.S. Senate in 2010 and was succeeded by Republican Larry Bucshon in the same election cycle. Although Southern Indiana is ancestrally Democratic, the Democrats in this area are nowhere near as liberal as their counterparts in the rest of the state. Historically, it had a character similar to Yellow Dog Democrat districts in neighboring Kentucky. The district also has a strong tint of social conservatism.
In 2000, a New York Times reporter said of the district: "With a populist streak and a conservative bent, this district does not cotton to country club Republicans or to social-engineering liberals," and also said, "More than 95 percent white and about 41 percent rural, the region shares much of the flavor of the Bible Belt."
In 2013, the district shifted and was pushed southward toward Evansville, losing Fountain and Warren Counties, and gaining Dubois, Perry, and Spencer Counties, and a portion of Crawford County, uniting southwestern Indiana under one district.
List of members representing the district
Election results
2002
2004
2006
2008
2010
2012
2014
2016
2018
2020
Historical district boundaries
Note: There has been another change since the "most recent" image, reflected correctly on the 'Indiana districts' page.
See also
Indiana's congressional districts
List of the United States congressional districts
References
Congressional Biographical Directory of the United States 1774–present
08
Southwestern Indiana
West Central Indiana
Clay County, Indiana
Daviess County, Indiana
Fountain County, Indiana
Gibson County, Indiana
Greene County, Indiana
Knox County, Indiana
Martin County, Indiana
Owen County, Indiana
Parke County, Indiana
Pike County, Indiana
Posey County, Indiana
Putnam County, Indiana
Sullivan County, Indiana
Vanderburgh County, Indiana
Vermillion County, Indiana
Vigo County, Indiana
Warren County, Indiana
Warrick County, Indiana
Evansville, Indiana
Terre Haute, Indiana
Vincennes, Indiana
1843 establishments in Indiana
Constituencies established in 1843
The Miller Center is a nonpartisan affiliate of the University of Virginia that specializes in the United States presidential scholarship, public policy, and political history.
History
The Miller Center was founded in 1975 through the philanthropy of Burkett Miller, a 1914 graduate of the University of Virginia School of Law and prominent Tennessean, in honor of his father, White Burkett Miller. Troubled by the partisan rancor he saw developing throughout the nation, Miller envisioned a place where leaders, scholars, and the public could come together for discussion grounded in history in order to find solutions. Through Miller's lead gift, as well as through past and present gifts by the center's supporters, the Miller Center's combined endowment now stands at more than $70 million. The center, under the oversight of its Governing Council, is an integral part of the University of Virginia, with maximum autonomy within the university system. Its programs are supported fully by funds it solicits (through the Miller Center Foundation) and its endowment.
Programs
The Presidential Oral History Program interviews the principal figures in presidential administrations to create a historical record in the words of those who knew each administration best. The oral histories of Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, Bill Clinton, Edward Kennedy, and George W. Bush have been released. Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are in progress.
The Presidential Recordings Program researches, transcribes, and annotates the thousands of hours of secret White House tapes recorded by U.S. presidents, from Franklin Roosevelt to Richard Nixon, plus Ronald Reagan.
The National Fellowship Program funds and supports PhD candidates who are studying the historical roots of today's policy issues. The program pairs fellows with leading scholars in their field, and teaches them how to make their scholarship more accessible to the public.
Academic Programs conduct scholarly study of modern political and presidential history, and convene conferences and symposia on the historical roots of contemporary policy issues.
Policy Programs bring together scholars, policymakers, and stakeholders to develop insights – grounded in scholarship and based on the lessons of history – to illuminate and offer solutions to the nation's policy challenges.
American President: An Online Reference Resource provides in-depth information on every presidential administration, including essays on all aspects of that administration that have been written or reviewed by presidential scholars.
Leadership
William J. Antholis is director and CEO of the Miller Center.
Previous directors include Dr. Phillip Zelikow (1999-2005), currently White Burkett Miller Professor History at the University of Virginia and previously the executive director of the 9/11 Commission, in addition to numerous posts in many levels of government service. Dr. Kenneth W. Thompson, who had previously served as the vice president for International Programs at the Rockefeller Foundation, led the center from 1978 to 1998. He created and expanded the center's Forum program (which he ran until 2004), its Presidential Oral History Program (with James Young), and the Miller Center Bipartisan National Commissions. The center's longest serving director, Professor Thompson was also the J. Wilson Professor of Government and Foreign Affairs at the University of Virginia and the author of many books on international affairs published by LSU Press and the Miller Center.
University of Virginia office
The core of the Miller Center's facilities is the historic Faulkner House, built in 1856 and named for novelist William Faulkner, the university's writer-in-residence in 1957. Faulkner House was the home of the United States senator Thomas S. Martin, who represented Virginia in the U.S. Senate from 1895 to 1919 and served as majority leader. In 1989, the center added the Newman Pavilion, which houses the Forum Room, and in 2003, it built the Thompson Pavilion and Scripps Library. The additions are prominent examples of new traditional architecture.
References
External links
University of Virginia
Nonpartisan organizations in the United States
1975 establishments in Virginia
Political and economic think tanks in the United States
Foreign policy and strategy think tanks in the United States
Non-profit organizations based in Virginia
2/8 can mean:
February 8 or 2 August, depending on date format
2nd Battalion 8th Marines, an infantry battalion in the United States Marine Corps
A time signature, a notational convention used in Western musical notation
The rock earthcreeper (Ochetorhynchus andaecola) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in the Puna grassland of Bolivia and northern Chile and Argentina. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
Description
The rock earthcreeper grows to a length of about . The upper parts are brown with some rufous colour on the primary feathers and a rufous brown tail, which is often kept cocked. The underparts are pale buff, with brownish streaks on the sides and flanks, and sometimes on the entire breast. The beak is long and slightly decurved, and there is a narrow buff supercilium above the eye.
Distribution and habitat
The rock earthcreeper is native to the eastern foothills of the Andes Mountains, its range extending from La Paz Department in western Bolivia to northern Argentina and the eastern fringes of Chile. Its typical habitats are rocky hillsides, grassland with and scattered trees and bushes, rocky outcrops and ravines at altitudes between .
Ecology
This species usually occurs singly or in pairs. It forages on the ground, seldom far from rocks, hopping along, and probing gravel and loose soil with its beak. It is often wary and difficult to approach, flying off for considerable distances when disturbed. The song is produced from a perch on a bush or boulder, and consists of a series of loud, shrill notes "vee-vee-vee-vee-vi-veet", sometimes ending with a splutter.
Status
The rock earthcreeper has a very wide range in Bolivia, northern Chile and northwestern Argentina. It is an uncommon bird and the populations seems to be declining, but not at such a fast rate as to make it vulnerable. The International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of the least concern.
References
SACC (2007). Reinstate Ochetorhynchus and merge Chilia and Eremobius into it. Accessed 2008-10-28.
rock earthcreeper
Birds of the Puna grassland
rock earthcreeper
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Obrajillo is a village belonging to the municipality of Canta, a two hours drive from Lima, Peru. It is situated in beautiful landscape. The Chillón River cuts the settlement. The village is known for farming and selling truchas (trout).
Visitors also can find another dishes such as Tallarin con Perdiz, Cuyes, Patasca o Sopa de Mote, moreover visitors can buy cheese, butter, honey and meal. Others benefits are the communication that it is good because Obrajillo has Internet and public telephones, markets and discos.
Another flashy place is the waterfall near the electrical center, surrounded for many beautiful mountains where visitors can explore and ride around this beautiful place. There are many tourist facilities; the people of Obrajillo are kind and friendly.
References
Populated places in Peru
Moca zophodes is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1909. It is found in Bolivia.
The wingspan is 16–17 mm. The forewings are rather dark fuscous, slightly and irregularly whitish sprinkled and with a small white discal dot at three-fifths and a dark fuscous terminal line. The hindwings are rather dark fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1909
Immidae
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Moths of South America
Tianzheng was a Chinese era name used by several emperors of China. It may refer to:
Tianzheng (天正, 551), era name used by Xiao Dong, emperor of the Liang dynasty, later continued by Xiao Ji until 553
Tianzheng (天政, 1103–1104), era name used by Duan Zhengchun, emperor of Dali
See also
Tian Zheng, Chinese-American statistician
Honores Rock is a rock lying southwest of Ferrer Point in Discovery Bay, Greenwich Island, in the South Shetland Islands. The name derives from the forms "Islote Honores" and "Islote Cocinero Honores" given by the Chilean Antarctic Expedition (1947) after the cook of the expedition ship Iquique.
References
Rock formations of Antarctica
Survivor: Fans vs. Favorites may refer to:
Survivor: Micronesia, the sixteenth season of American version of Survivor, also known as Survivor: Micronesia — Fans vs. Favorites
Survivor 10: Fans vs. Favorites, the fourth season of Survivor 10 (Israel)
Survivor: Caramoan, the twenty-sixth season of American version of Survivor, also known as Survivor: Caramoan — Fans vs. Favorites
Track and field is one of the sports at the quadrennial Military World Games competition. Track and field competitions have been held at every one of the eleven editions of the Military World Games, which was inaugurated in 1995.
Editions
Game records
Men
Women
See also
International athletics championships and games
References
External links
Past champions from GBR Athletics
Military World Games
The 2014 World Sambo Championships was held in Narita, Japan between the 20 and 24 November 2014. This tournament included competition in both Sambo, and Combat Sambo.
Medal overview
Combat Sambo Events
Men's Sambo Events
Women's events
Medal table
References
External links
http://www.eurosambo.com/en/competitions/2014/151/
World Sambo Championships
World Sambo Championships, 2006
Narita, Chiba
2014 in sambo (martial art)
Gwynn's Island is an island located in the Chesapeake Bay off of Virginia's Middle Peninsula. The island is located in the northeast part of Mathews County, south of the mouth of the Piankatank River. It is connected to the rest of the county by a swing bridge over Milford Haven. The communities of Gwynn and Grimstead are located on the island.
History
Archeological evidence found on Gwynn's Island indicates that the island was inhabited as early as ten thousand years ago. In 1642, Hugh Gwynn of Jamestown purchased the island; he and his family became the first English settlers there. Gwynn's Island served as a base for Lord Dunmore, the last royal governor of Virginia, after the burning of Norfolk. A smallpox outbreak and attacks by the revolting patriots led Dunmore to leave the island in the summer of 1776.
During the attacks on Gwynn's Island in July 1776, the only casualty on the side of the revolutionaries was one Captain Dohickey Arundel, commander of two eighteen-pound cannons, who attempted to fire an experimental wooden mortar of his own invention, "though the general and all the officers were against his firing it". The mortar exploded on its first shot, killing Arundel instantly.
Present day
Thomas Edwards, a resident of the Island, is the Director of the Gwynn's Island Museum and has been at the helm since 2015.
References
Landforms of Mathews County, Virginia
Virginia islands of the Chesapeake Bay
Tourist attractions in Mathews County, Virginia
American Revolution
Buddy Cannon (born April 20, 1947 Lexington, Tennessee) is an American country music songwriter and record producer. Active since the late 1970s, he is known primarily for his work with Willie Nelson and as Kenny Chesney's record producer, for which he won the Academy of Country Music's Producer of the Year award in 2006.
Along with Bill Anderson and Jamey Johnson, Cannon co-wrote George Strait's 2006 single "Give It Away", which won the Country Music Association's Song of the Year award. Other artists who have recorded Cannon's songs include Vern Gosdin, George Strait, Billy Ray Cyrus and Mel Tillis; artists whose albums he has produced also include Chely Wright, Reba McEntire, George Jones, Louise Mandrell and Willie Nelson and Merle Haggard. Cannon was also honored by the United States House of Representatives for his contributions as a record producer.
He is the father of singer Melonie Cannon and songwriter Marla Cannon-Goodman.
References
External links
Official website
American country singer-songwriters
American country record producers
Living people
People from Lexington, Tennessee
1947 births
Singer-songwriters from Tennessee
Country musicians from Tennessee
American male singer-songwriters
Muratlar is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 62 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Bayard Elfvin (born February 1, 1981) is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who is an assistant coach with the Northwestern University women' soccer team. Elfvin played professionally in the USL First Division and the second Major Indoor Soccer League. He was a member of the United States national beach soccer team which competed at both the 2006 and 2007 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cups.
Player
College
Elfvin led Div. II Ashland University to its first NCAA tournament appearance in 2001. A four-year starter, Elfvin was a two-time All-Great Lakes Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (GLIAC) selection for the Eagles. He ended his stay as the school's career leader in shutouts (14) and goals-against-average (1.23). He had a career record of 31-12-2. In his final season at Ashland, Elfvin posted a record of 7-1-2 and allowed just eight goals, the fewest in school history. He also notched four shutouts while recording a goals-against-average of 0.86 and 40 saves.
Professional
Outdoor
In 2004, Elfvin began his professional career when he signed with the Portland Timbers of the USL First Division. He made only two appearances for the Timbers his rookie season, posting two shutouts. In 2005, he moved to the Virginia Beach Mariners, but found himself back in Portland for the 2006 and 2007 seasons. In 2006, he played a career-high 502 minutes in six matches and recorded shutouts in half of his appearances. Elfvin was a two-time USL First Division Team of the Week selection in Week 9 and Week 18. In 2007, Elfvin was limited to just two starts and 135 minutes, posting a 1.33 goals against average.
Indoor
In 2004, Elfvin signed with the Cleveland Force of Major Indoor Soccer League. He appeared in six games for the Force in 2004-05, finishing with a 3-2 record. He faced 93 shots and recorded 63 saves for a 6.06 goals against average. The Force folded at the end of the season and the St. Louis Steamers selected Elfvin in the 2005 MISL Dispersal Draft. He finished the 2005–06 season with a 3-3 win-loss record and a 3.89 goals against average. In 2006, he moved to the California Cougars, logging 497 minutes and stopping 87 of the 145 shots he faced for a .600 save percentage. The Cougars collapsed at the end of the season and Elfvin found himself selected by the New Jersey Ironmen in the 2007 Dispersal Draft. In May 2009, the Chicago Storm of the Xtreme Soccer League signed Elfvin to replace injured goalkeeper Jeff Richey.
National team
Elfvin has been part of the U.S. Beach Soccer Team at both the World Cups 2006, 2007.
Coach
In 2011, Elfvin became an assistant coach with the Northwestern University women's soccer team.
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
People from Cleveland Heights, Ohio
American soccer coaches
American soccer players
Ashland Eagles men's soccer players
California Cougars players
Chicago Storm players
Cleveland Force (2002–2005 MISL) players
Association football goalkeepers
Major Indoor Soccer League (2001–2008) players
New Jersey Ironmen players
Portland Timbers (2001–2010) players
Soccer players from Ohio
St. Louis Steamers (2003–2006 MISL) players
USL A-League players
USL First Division players
Virginia Beach Mariners players
American beach soccer players
Vartini is a tribe of leafhoppers in the subfamily Deltocephalinae. It currently contains 7 genera and over 20 species. Phylogenetic studies have shown that Vartini is closely related to Punctulini.
Genera
There are 7 described genera in Vartini:
References
Deltocephalinae
Bijan Nobaveh-Vatan () is an Iranian former anchorman and conservative politician who represented Tehran, Rey, Shemiranat and Eslamshahr electoral district in the Parliament of Iran from 2008 to 2016.
He served as the United Nations and New York bureau chief for Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting before taking seat in the Parliament.
References
1959 births
Living people
Iranian journalists
Members of the 8th Islamic Consultative Assembly
Members of the 9th Islamic Consultative Assembly
Deputies of Tehran, Rey, Shemiranat and Eslamshahr
Front of Islamic Revolution Stability politicians
Coalition of the Pleasant Scent of Servitude politicians
Popular Front of Islamic Revolution Forces politicians
People from Tehran
Val Müstair () is a municipality in the Engiadina Bassa/Val Müstair Region in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. It was formed on 1 January 2009 through the merger of Tschierv, Fuldera, Lü, Valchava, Santa Maria Val Müstair and Müstair.
Demographics
Val Müstair has a population (as of ) of .
Geography
The Val Müstair (German: Münstertal, ) is a mountain valley in the Swiss Alps. It connects the Fuorn Pass, () with the Italian province of South Tyrol and the Vinschgau ().
The Benedictine Convent of Saint John at Müstair (monastery), a World Heritage Site, was probably founded by Charlemagne, sharing history with its neighbor, the Marienberg Abbey.
The most important villages in the Val Müstair are: Tschierv (), Valchava (), Sta. Maria (), Müstair () (all Swiss) and Taufers im Münstertal in South Tyrol. There are no other inhabited connected valleys, but the road over the Umbrail Pass (and the Stelvio Pass) is connected with Sta. Maria.
The largest part of the valley is part of the Swiss canton of Graubünden. A small part lies within the Italian province of South Tyrol. The border is located at approximately 1245 meters between Müstair (1247 meter) and Taufers im Münstertal (1240 meter).
The river in the valley is the Rom (Il Rom or Rombach).
Naming convention
Contrary to the common notion, where the beginning of a valley is referred as the "upper valley" and the end as the "lower valley", in Val Müstair these are referred to as "inner" and "outer" respectively. This is often reflected in location names.
For instance, the valley is traditionally divided into three thirds:
Terzal d'Aint (inner third) with Tschierv, Fuldera and Lü
Terzal d'Immez (middle third) with Valchava and Sta. Maria
Terzal d'Oura (outer third) with Müstair
Incidentally, this division corresponds to the first three plateaus occurring on the Swiss part of the valley.
Language
The majority of the population in the new municipality speaks Romansh, with a large German speaking minority. The following table lists the historical language distribution of the formerly independent municipalities and also for the combined municipality:
Heritage sites of national significance
The Benedictine Convent of Saint John is both listed as a Swiss heritage site of national significance and a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Weather
Müstair village has an average of 86.7 days of rain per year and on average receives of precipitation. The wettest month is August during which time Müstair receives an average of of precipitation. During this month there is precipitation for an average of 9.3 days. The month with the most days of precipitation is May, with an average of 10, but with only of precipitation. The driest month of the year is February with an average of of precipitation over 9.3 days.
The higher elevation village of Sta. Maria Val Müstair has an average of 94.6 days of rain per year and on average receives of precipitation. The wettest month is August during which time Sta. Maria Val Müstair receives an average of of precipitation. During this month there is precipitation for an average of 10.6 days. The driest month of the year is February with an average of of precipitation over 10.6 days.
Tourism
There is a small amount of car parking in the village. It is the starting point for a number of hiking trails. Above Tschierv, at the mountain Minschuns, is a little ski resort. In 2009, during the International Year of Astronomy, a new public observatory Alpine Astrovillage Lü-Stailas was inaugurated. The center is equipped with robotic telescopes for direct observations, as well as for astrophotography. The equipment is also used to provide introductory courses for amateur astronomers. The Astrovillage is located on a terrace at an elevation of .
Sports
Val Müstair has hosted several stages of the Tour de Ski, a cross-country skiing stage event.
Notable residents
Donna Leon, Usonian crime novelist.
Notes and references
See also
Nature parks in Switzerland
External links
Cumün da Val Müstair Official website
Turissem Val Müstair Tourism office
Convent of St. John
Online map
Alpine Astro Village
Municipalities of Graubünden
Mustair
Mustair
Mustair
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
World Heritage Sites in Switzerland
Ski areas and resorts in Switzerland
Merkeşler is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 319 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
This is a list of episodes for the first season of the 1970s television series, Charlie's Angels. Broadcast on the ABC network from September 22, 1976 to May 4, 1977 - with a total of 22 episodes - season one starred Kate Jackson, Farrah Fawcett-Majors, Jaclyn Smith and David Doyle. John Forsythe provided the voice of the character Charles "Charlie" Townsend.
The pilot film aired on March 21, 1976 as a 2 hour TV movie. Succeeding episodes were between 48 and 50 minutes in length. Viewing figures for the first season were extremely high, finishing at #5 in the Nielsen ratings.
The pilot episode featured M*A*S*H actor David Ogden Stiers as the character Scott Woodville, a male liaison to Charlie. Woodville was dropped for the series as it was felt the character was too severe and that it was unnecessary for Charlie to have two male liaisons. Fellow liaison Bosley (played by Doyle) was kept as someone the writers could use to add humor to the episodes.
The show's three female leads were launched to greater heights in their careers, with Fawcett-Majors proving to be the most popular of the trio. Although Jackson and Smith were overshadowed by Fawcett-Majors they have equally stood the test of time; both have also been cited as "fan favorites".
Note that the United States Copyright Office starts numbering the episodes with "Hellride", the first regular episode of season 1.
Main cast
Kate Jackson as Sabrina Duncan (regular)
Farrah Fawcett-Majors as Jill Munroe (regular)
Jaclyn Smith as Kelly Garrett (regular)
David Doyle as John Bosley (regular)
John Forsythe as Charles "Charlie" Townsend (regular, voice only)
David Ogden Stiers as Scott Woodville (pilot episode only)
Notable guest stars
Fernando Lamas
Ida Lupino
Dick Sargent
Richard Mulligan
Frank Gorshin
Michael Bell
Bo Hopkins
Jenny O'Hara
Anthony James
Tom Selleck
Tommy Lee Jones
Kim Basinger
Lauren Tewes
Dirk Benedict
Episodes
References
01
1976 American television seasons
1977 American television seasons
Jock Young is a former British slalom canoeist who competed in the 1980s.
He won a gold medal in the C-2 team event at the 1981 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Bala.
References
Overview of athlete's results at CanoeSlalom.net
British male canoeists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
Football Club Blue Stars Zürich is a football team from Zürich, Switzerland that currently play in the 2. Liga.
They are the makers of the blue stars/FIFA youth cup.
External links
Association football clubs established in 1898
Football clubs in Switzerland
1898 establishments in Switzerland
Rosaria C. Fundanga is a Zambian politician.
Fundanga was a member of the National Assembly of Zambia for Chilubi. She is a member of the Patriotic Front.
References
Zambian politicians
Patriotic Front (Zambia) politicians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Zambian women politicians
21st-century Zambian politicians
Cliff Jackson may refer to:
Cliff Jackson (musician) (1902–1970), American jazz stride pianist
Cliff Jackson (footballer) (1941–2018), English footballer
Cliff Jackson (Canadian football) (born 1930s), Canadian football player
A changelog is a log or record of all notable changes made to a project. The project is often a website or software project, and the changelog usually includes records of changes such as bug fixes, new features, etc. Some open-source projects include a changelog as one of the top-level files in their distribution.
A changelog has historically included all changes made to a project. The "Keep a Changelog" site instead advocates that a changelog not include all changes, but that it should instead contain "a curated, chronologically ordered list of notable changes for each version of a project" and should not be a "dump" of a git log "because this helps nobody".
Although the canonical naming convention for the file is ChangeLog, it is sometimes alternatively named as CHANGES or HISTORY (NEWS is usually a different file reflecting changes between releases, not between the commits). Another convention is to call it a CHANGELOG. Some project maintainers will append a .txt suffix to the file name if the changelog is plain text, a .md suffix if it is in Markdown, or a .rst suffix if it is in reStructuredText.
Some revision control systems are able to generate the relevant information for a changelog, if the goal is to include all changes.
A golang Change Log is synonymous with a set of code changes and the associated code review.
Format
Changelog files are organized by paragraphs, which define a unique change within a function or file.
The GNU Coding standards recommend the following format:
YYYY-MM-DD John Doe <johndoe@example.com>
* myfile.ext (myfunction): my changes made
additional changes
* myfile.ext (unrelated_change): my changes made
to myfile.ext but completely unrelated to the above
* anotherfile.ext (somefunction): more changes made by me
Note that between the date and the name, and again between the name and the email address, there are two spaces each. It is common to enclose the email address in < and >. The Emacs editor creates such entries when creating additional changelog entries.
Changelogs in wikis
Most wiki software includes changelogs as a fundamental feature (often called history in this context). For example, the "View history" link at the top of a Wikipedia entry links to that page's changelog. This feature is vital for complying with the attribution requirements of some copyright licenses.
Product changelogs
A product changelog can keep customers in the loop about what's new. It helps to announce new features, the latest releases, and relevant news directly in-app.
See also
Notes
External links
GNU Coding Standards: Change Logs
Keep a CHANGELOG
Checklist for creating a changelog
Computer files
Free software culture and documents
Technical communication
The Balboa 20 is an American trailerable sailboat that was designed by Lyle C. Hess as a cruiser, at the request of Richard Arthur and first built in 1967.
The success of the Balboa 20 allowed Hess to become a sailboat designer on a full-time basis.
The Balboa 20 hull design was used for two 1972 raised deck boats, the Ensenada 20 and the RK 20.
Production
The design was built by Arthur Marine and Coastal Recreation, Inc in the United States, starting in 1967, but it is now out of production.
Design
The design goals for the boat were low cost and good seaworthiness.
The Balboa 20 is a recreational keelboat, built predominantly of fiberglass, with wood trim. It has a fractional sloop rig, a spooned raked stem, an angled transom, with a lazarette, a transom-hung rudder controlled by a tiller and a lifting keel. It displaces and carries of cast iron ballast.
The boat has a draft of with the keel extended and with it retracted, allowing beaching or ground transportation on a trailer.
The boat is normally fitted with a small outboard motor for docking and maneuvering.
The design has sleeping accommodation for four people, with a double "V"-berth in the bow cabin and two quarter berths in the main cabin. The galley is located on the starboard side just forward of the companionway ladder. The head is located under the bow cabin berth. Cabin headroom is .
The design has a PHRF racing average handicap of 276 and a hull speed of .
Operational history
In 1977 it was reported that the designer's personal boat was a Balboa 20, named Genesis.
In a 2010 review Steve Henkel wrote, "Lyle Hess's designs are usually thought to be prettier (or handsomer?) than most, but in this early design it is hard to see a clear distinction from many other trailer-sailers of the era. Worst features: The cast iron swing keel, weighing more than a quarter of the total boat and controlled by a winch in the cabin, is at best a maintenance headache and at worst could cause serious leakage in the hull due to strain."
See also
List of sailing boat types
Related development
Balboa 16
Balboa 21
Balboa 22
Balboa 23
Balboa 24
Ensenada 20
RK 20
References
Keelboats
1960s sailboat type designs
Sailing yachts
Trailer sailers
Sailboat type designs by Lyle Hess
Sailboat types built by Arthur Marine
Sailboat types built by Coastal Recreation, Inc
Coccothrinax trinitensis is a palm which is endemic to east central Cuba.
Henderson and colleagues (1995) considered C. trinitensis to be a synonym of Coccothrinax miraguama.
References
trinitensis
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1985
Émile Camuset was a French clothing merchant in the 19th century.
He was the founder of the Le Coq Sportif sports equipment company. He began the company in 1882 with the opening of a little hosiery store in Romilly-sur-Seine, in a part of the Champagne region called the Aube.
He is cited as the original creator of sweatpants. Camuset began developing new lines of clothing which incorporated cotton ribs, brushed fleece and jersey. This was in contrast to many of the more traditional methods of clothing available at the time. The increased comfort and breathability were incorporated into the first items of sportswear.
References
French fashion designers
French merchants
19th-century French businesspeople
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Le Coq Sportif
Emma Nuutinen (born 7 December 1996) is a Finnish ice hockey player, playing in the Premier Hockey Federation (PHF) with the Buffalo Beauts. As a member of the Finnish women's national ice hockey team, she participated in both the 2014 and 2018 Winter Olympics and won bronze at the 2018 Olympic Games.
Playing career
Nuutinen began her NCAA Division I career in 2016–17, playing her freshman season with the North Dakota Fighting Hawks women's ice hockey program of the Western Collegiate Hockey Association (WCHA) conference. Forced to transfer after the University of North Dakota (UND) abruptly ended its women's ice hockey program following the 2016–17 season, Nuutinen and teammates Vilma Tanskanen and Kennedy Blair joined the Mercyhurst Lakers women's ice hockey program of the College Hockey America (CHA).
On 29 October 2020, the NHL shared a video across its social media platforms of Nuutinen performing a trick shot at the Käpylän urheilupuisto in Helsinki, which received a substantial and positive response. A day later, it was announced that Nuutinen had signed a contract with Kiekko-Espoo of the Naisten Liiga through the end of January 2021. She appeared in six games during the 2020–21 Naisten Liiga season, notching 7 goals and 5 assists (12).
International play
Nuutinen made three appearances for the Finland women's national under-18 ice hockey team, at the IIHF World Women's U18 Championships, with the first in 2012. In 2013, she was named a Media All Star as one of the top forwards in the tournament.
Nuutinen was selected to the Finnish national team for the 2014 Winter Olympics. She was the youngest player on the team. She played in all six games of the women's ice hockey tournament, scoring one goal. In 2018, she also appeared in all six games notching one goal and one assist.
Between Olympic appearances, Nuutinen has represented Finland in IIHF competition as part of the national team, earning World Championship bronze medals in 2015 and 2017. In 2019, she was a member of the historic silver medal winning Finnish national team at the 2019 IIHF Women's World Championship, the first team to break the Canada-United States lock on World Championship gold and silver.
Personal life
Nuutinen is one of five siblings. As of the 2020–21 season, her younger sister Sofia (born 2002) plays with Kiekko-Espoo in the Naisten Liiga and her younger sister Ella (born 2000) played with the Espoo Blues and Espoo United of the Naisten SM-sarja before ending her hockey career after the 2016–17 season.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Sources: Elite Prospects, Finnish Ice Hockey Association, USCHO
International
Honours and achievements
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Buffalo Beauts players
Espoo Blues Naiset players
Finnish expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Finnish women's ice hockey forwards
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Kiekko-Espoo Naiset players
Lynn Fighting Knights women's soccer players
Medalists at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Mercyhurst Lakers women's ice hockey players
North Dakota Fighting Hawks women's ice hockey players
Olympic ice hockey players of Finland
Olympic bronze medalists for Finland
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Sportspeople from Vantaa
The gorgeous bushshrike (Telophorus viridis) is a species of bird in the family Malaconotidae. It is also known as the four-coloured bushshrike. Some use the name gorgeous bushshrike for the subspecies Telophorus viridis viridis only.
Taxonomy
Most authorities consider Telophorus viridis to comprise four subspecies: T. v. viridis, T. v. nigricauda, T. v. quartus and T. v. quadricolor. Others split the taxon into two species: T. viridis and T. quadricolor.
Behavior
Gorgeous bush-shrikes are seldom seen despite being a commonly occurring species, as they mostly dwell in densely vegetated woodlands. They are primarily insectivorous, gleaning insects from the understory growth they inhabit.
Distribution
Found in Angola, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gabon, and Zambia (T. v. viridis), coastal Kenya and Tanzania (T. v. nigricauda), Malawi, Mozambique and Zimbabwe (T. v. quartus) and South Africa and Swaziland (T. v. quadricolor).
References
External links
Gorgeous/Four-coloured bushshrike - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
Gorgeous bushshrike
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
gorgeous bushshrike
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The University of Toronto Students' Union (UTSU), legally known as the Students' Administrative Council of the University of Toronto, Inc., is the representative student government of full-time undergraduate students at the University of Toronto - St. George campus. It is Canada's second largest student union and the third largest in North America.
History
The student government evolved from the University of Toronto Union, which was founded in 1901, originally King's College. This was replaced by the Parliament of the Undergraduates in 1907. The Parliament suffered from low attendance from its elected members, especially representatives of the medical school. As the years progressed its Executive shouldered much of the work. In 1913, the parliament was replaced by a Students' Administrative Council composed of solely male students. The Women's Students' Administrative Council was formed in 1916, and in 1919 the two councils formed a Joint Executive. In 1931 the separate councils were abolished and the Joint Executive became the main body, and during 1935-1936 the unwieldy name "Joint Executive Students' Administrative Council" was simplified to "Students' Administrative Council". At an annual general meeting on 16 November 2006, University of Toronto students voted to change the name to University of Toronto Students' Union.
The mandate of UTSU until 1971 can be found in section 34 of the University of Toronto Act, 1947. SAC's original offices were located in Hart House, before moving to the Louis B. Stewart Observatory at the centre of Hart House Circle, just south of the Hart House building itself. Presently, the UTSU's offices are located at the Student Commons at 230 College Street, which opened in 2021 as the union's new student centre.
Governance
The Union is governed by a Board of Directors which includes elected representatives from each of the schools' federated and constituent colleges and professional faculties. The number of directors from each division is proportional to the population of that college or faculty.
Much of the Board of Directors' responsibilities are delegated to committees: Equity and Accessibility, Campaigns and Outreach, Clubs, Elections and Referenda, Finance, Governance, Services, Student Aid, and the Executive Committee. The committees are made up of members of the Board of Directors, and deal with specific issues of operations, services, and campaigns. Committee work is then presented to the full Board of Directors for approval.
Full-time undergraduate students at the St. George campus can apply for UTSU funding for grassroots-based advocacy initiatives on campus, under the UTSU's Campus Initiatives Policy.
Federated structure
In April 2013, students of the Engineering Society (EngSoc), one of the UTSU federated bodies, voted to separate from UTSU following several years of tension between EngSoc and UTSU. After several years of negotiations, UTSU and EngSoc came to an agreement where UTSU recognised EngSoc as the main student government for engineering students, ensured that EngSoc would receive half of all UTSU levies and put EngSoc as the primary provider of student services to engineering students. EngSoc agreed not to defederate in return.
Elections
Voter turnout in UTSU elections has been very low for several years. Recently, turnouts began reaching as high as the 15% mark, but dropped back down to 6% following the controversy surrounding the 2010 elections.
The 2020 elections saw a voter turnout of 12.7%, a significant increase over the 4.2% turnout seen in the 2019 elections.
Services
The UTSU provides a variety of student services, including cheap in-office printing, the UTSU Food Bank, funding and resources for UTSU-recognized clubs, and a Student Aid Program with bursaries covering transit, accessibility-related costs, textbook costs, and more. UTSU also administers a Health and Dental Plan that provides health and dental insurance to UTSU members.
Canadian Federation of Students affiliation
In November 2002, UTSU members voted in favour of becoming members of the Canadian Federation of Students, with 65% of those who voted supporting this decision.
In 2016, a movement called You Decide UofT launched a petition to hold a referendum on CFS membership. A few months later, 4 out of the 7 UTSU executives endorsed the campaign and called for an end to UTSU membership of the CFS. In the 2017 UTSU elections, the Demand Better slate, which had a policy of leaving the CFS, won most of the executive positions, including the presidency.
Stances
Flat Fees
In 2009, the University of Toronto changed how they charged fees to students in the Faculty of Arts & Science. Instead of charging per-course fees, they started charging a flat fee – meaning that students would have to pay for five courses – even if they only took three. This amounted to a 66 per cent tuition fee increase for no service improvement.
The UTSU had been opposing the flat fee structure since it was announced in 2009. Since the implementation of the program, students have found it difficult to have a part-time job and do well in their studies, since they do not have the choice to reduce their course load under this tuition fee scheme. The flat fee scheme has also placed additional financial stresses onto students, worsening concerns about mental health.
They launched a strong campaign over the last few years to address this issue. In addition to petitions and protests, we garnered support from alumni, who started a letter-writing campaign to oppose flat fees, we brought the issue to a provincial level through the Canadian Federation of Students-Ontario, making it one of their main lobbying asks and educating students across the province to the unfair fee-collection model, some of whom did not know it was taking place at their school.
In 2013 the UTSU ramped up our campaign, collecting more than 6000 postcard petitions from students asking the government to address the issue of flat fees and delivering them to the Brad Duguid, Minister of Training, Colleges and Universities.
In December 2013, the provincial government announced that new legislation would limit the amount of fees that universities can charge to students. Under the new policy, 100 per cent of tuition fees can only be charged if students are taking an 80 per cent course load or higher. This will reduce tuition fees for some students over $2300 per year. The changes will roll out over two years starting in fall 2015.
Access copyright
UTSU was a vocal opponent of the University's controversial license with Access Copyright, which has since not been renewed. Access Copyright claimed that the license would provide students with the ability to use copyrighted works without penalty – a right already granted to students through the Copyright Act. Affirmed by the Supreme Court of Canada, students and researchers are permitted to use copyrighted works for educational purposes. Under the former license, each student at the University of Toronto was charged $26 in fees that provided no service or protections for students.
Other victories include:
Unpaid Interns' Rights (2013)
International Students – No Work Permits needed! (2013)
Open Source Software (2013)
Ancillary Fees (2013)
Multi-Faith Space (2013)
Bottled Water-Free Campus (2011)
Student Access to Athletic Space (2011)
Student Metropass (2009)
National Grants (2008)
Childcare at the University of Toronto Mississauga (2007)
Tuition Fee Freeze (2004)
Sweatshop-Free Campus (2000)
Divestment from South African Apartheid (1990)
Centre for Women & Trans People (1986)
Hart House for Women (1972)
Undergrad Access to Robarts (1972)
Criticisms and controversy
Historical criticisms
UTSU and its predecessor body SAC have long been the target of criticism. The earliest manifestations of this were in response to SAC's policy, established in 1926, of not interfering in political issues for fear this would impede campus unity. This policy extended to The Varsity (newspaper), which was published by SAC. In 1929 and 1931, SAC dismissed editors who published unpopular opinions. In the mid-1930s, SAC was criticized for failing to support efforts by anti-war and pro-peace advocates on campus, groups which SAC declared were of limited interest. In 1946, SAC's decision not to endorse efforts to prevent deportation of Japanese Canadians was also the brunt of campus criticism. Anti-racist advocates also derided SAC's inability to embrace this cause in the 1940s.
This criticism began to shift in the 1960s when the student council embarked on a more activist agenda. One of the more concrete manifestations of this was in 1972, when the Medical Society held a successful referendum calling for their withdrawal from SAC. Administrative hesitation was the only factor which prevented this withdrawal from becoming effective.
Controversial public positions
The UTSU has been criticized for having taken controversial public positions on equity and racial issues on campus, as well as having become involved in controversial campaigns relating to certain global issues like the Sri Lankan conflict or the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and federal issues like the Aboriginal movement Idle No More. Many criticisms have come from members of provincial and federal political parties, including both the Liberals and Conservatives (and their student arms), which have questioned the legitimacy of UTSU's democratic credentials.
2007 CFS campaign allegations
The UTSU has also been criticized for its involvement with the Canadian Federation of Students, due to numerous reports of interference with student union elections at other schools in the Greater Toronto Area. Former S.A.C. Vice-President Sam Rahimi (2004-2005), has claimed that he was repeatedly asked to participate in election campaigns at Ryerson and York Universities, and that he and other student leaders from S.A.C. were bused in to these schools at election time to campaign on behalf of C.F.S. friendly slates The Canadian Federation of Students denies these claims.
2008 threats of legal action
The UTSU has recently been involved in a number of scandals in which they have been accused of silencing students who disagree with the ideas of the union. In a recent referendum regarding the construction a Student Commons Building that was to be completely funded and run by students (as opposed to funded by private donations and run in part by the administration and by students ) the UTSU was accused of actively pursuing students who it felt were campaigning against the union. The then president of the union went so far as to threaten legal action against a student who was putting up posters questioning the UTSU's approach to the student commons.
2012 lecture protests
A protest in November 2012 against guest lecturer Warren Farrell at an event organized by the Canadian Association for Equality garnered criticism after an estimated fifteen protesters blocked the entrance to the event and caused a delay in the lecture. One person was arrested at the event but was released with no charges. The UTSU organized the protest after the university administration denied their request to cancel the lecture. The protest was organized in response to controversial excerpts from Warren Farrell's publications and statements he made about incest in a 1977 Penthouse interview.
One of the feminist protesters is recorded as repeatedly saying "You are fucking scum" to a male attendee.
2013 membership defederation
In 2013, several major divisions of the UTSU's membership—Trinity College, Victoria College, and the Engineering Society— held referenda proposing effective "defederation" from the Union by rerouting fees directly to their respective College or Faculty-based student societies, rather than paying the fees to the Union. All three divisions voted overwhelmingly in favour of fee diversion.
2015 election
After a long history of incumbent election victories, in 2015, a non-incumbent opposition slate won all 5 of the executive seats and a large number of the board.
Lawsuit against former executives and executive director
On September 24, 2015, it was revealed that the UTSU had filed a statement of claim against the former president, former vice-president internal & services and the former executive director regarding the dismissal of the former executive director. The lawsuit has since been settled between the former president and former vice-president internal & services.
See also
List of Ontario students' associations
References
External links
University of Toronto
Ontario students' associations
Student government
Students' unions
Keewaydin Island is a primary barrier island located off the coast of Naples, in Collier County, Florida, United States. It can be reached only by boat.
It is managed by the State of Florida's Coastal Office, in cooperation with NOAA, within the Rookery Bay National Estuarine Research Reserve. Keewaydin Island is monitored nightly for Loggerhead turtle nesting activity by The Conservancy of Southwest Florida.
The Keewaydin Island shoreline has been mapped annually since 1997 in an effort to document shoreline change. The shoreline is also mapped after significant storm events. Mapping is done by collecting Global Positioning System locations along the dune-line and then downloaded using Geographic information system software.
History
Originally, the island was named Kee Island. It became part of the Keewaydin Camps Ltd. corporation and was later known as Keewaydin Island. The island is currently about 85% public property and 15% private. Approximately 50 private lots and 15 private homes dot the island, located on the west side of the island close to the beachfront. Marco Island can be seen from the southern tip of Keewaydin.
Keewaydin Island is a barrier island in Florida that has no cars, roads, or bridges. It had a history of being the next developable barrier island, after Marco Island to the south was developed in the 1950s, 1960s, and onward. During the late 1950s and early 60s when the government was planning a road and bridge out to the island, 1,000 local residents signed a petition to stop the road and any future commercial development. They wanted to avoid the pattern on barrier islands at the time, such as Fort Myers Beach, where local residents were 85% against dense development, but zoning laws and large property owners held sway. In fact, high density high rise structures line the shores on most barrier islands in Florida, except notable places like Keewaydin, where the environmentalist movement finally got enough momentum to stop the bridge to the island. As a result, Keewaydin remains primitive, with the only infrastructure being dirt pathways connecting the private docks on the eastern side to the houses on the western beachside. Locals and visitors can relish the experience of a visit to a pristine barrier island and its ecosystem.
Most commonly known for the south tip of the island, where local boaters congregate at the end of the 8 mile long isthmus, where they can park their boat on the shore and enjoy people watching and the beach and scenery.
There are 12 homes on the island, and 50 lots, with the most famous house belonging at one time to James Biden, President Joe Biden's brother, who would occasionally visit. The "Biden Bungalow", as the house was known, was sold in 2018 for $1.35 million.
Wildlife
The island is included in the Rookery Bay National Estuarine Research Reserve. Mammals such as wild boar, bobcat, and white-tailed deer live on the island. The gopher tortoise, which is threatened by habitat destruction, finds sanctuary on this island, aside from the invasive iguana which feeds on the tortoise's eggs.
See also
Keewaydin Club
Marco Island
Rookery Bay
References
http://nerrs.noaa.gov/images/pdf/2001_storm.pdf
Gulf Coast barrier islands of Florida
Islands of Collier County, Florida
Islands of Florida
"Don't Tell Me" is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne from her second studio album, Under My Skin (2004). "Don't Tell Me" was written by Lavigne and Evan Taubenfeld, while it was produced by Butch Walker. The song has been noted as having a "grungy sound". "Don't Tell Me" was released on March 15, 2004, by Arista Records as the lead single from Under My Skin and peaked at number 22 on the US Billboard Hot 100 that same year. In an AOL Radio listener's poll, "Don't Tell Me" was voted Lavigne's ninth-best song.
Background and composition
"Don't Tell Me" has been noted as having a "grungy sound", which builds from a folk-rock verse to a hard rock chorus like a Morissette song When asked what "Don't Tell Me" was about, Lavigne said:
She also said in a 2007 interview:
Critical reception
Reviewing the album Under My Skin, David Browne of Entertainment Weekly described "Don't Tell Me" as such: "Lavigne herself sounds more burdened; ... the ska8erboi of the first album has turned out to be a selfish, nasty creep who leaves when she won't go to bed with him". Blender Music wrote that unlike "Sk8er Boi", the up-with-abstinence single "Don't Tell Me" finds her kicking him out of bed. The Guardian was mixed: "Current single "Don't Tell Me" at least has some relevant advice to impart to her pubescent female fans: it depicts a confused and angry Lavigne fending off an over-eager boyfriend."
PopMatters was favorable: "The first single, "Don't Tell Me", is probably the best song on the album, with the kind of wonderfully effusive movement that makes the best pop so damn irresistible. It starts slow and quiet, building to the first chorus, ebbs back, builds to another chorus, drops down into a bridge before coming back with a skull-crunching third chorus that leaves the riff firmly implanted in your skull. One or two reprises and we're out like a light, end of song. At that point you're either convinced or not." Rolling Stone was positive: "The lead single, "Don't Tell Me," might be her most Avril-ish song yet, a petulant kiss-off to a horny boy. As the guitars get revved up behind her, she asks, "Did I not tell you that I'm not like that girl/The one who gives it all away, yeah/Did you think that I was going to give it up to you?" The syntax may be tortured, but the singer sounds just fine: a righteous prude, confidently fending off the creeps." Yahoo Music! liked the song but was angry because there are spelling mistakes in booklet: "we now have a stronger, more confident Avril - forthright in her determination not to lose her cherry on 'Don't Tell Me', which coyly spells 'ass' with an 'a' and two asterixes on the CD booklet, bitterly writing songs about doomed relationships."
Accolades
Commercial performance
"Don't Tell Me" debuted at number 22 on the US Billboard Hot 100, and it stayed on the chart for 20 weeks, on the year end of the Hot 100 for 2004, the song charted at number 92. On the US Adult Top 40 chart, it peaked at number 10 and stayed on the chart for 26 weeks, and peaked at number 9 on the US Mainstream Top 40 chart. The song was certified Gold in the United States RIAA after eight months reaching 500,000 copies of the single.
Music video
The accompanying music video for "Don't Tell Me" was directed by Liz Friedlander, and filmed in Los Angeles in March 2004.
Synopsis
The video tells the story of the song. It opens with Lavigne's boyfriend leaving her apartment. After taking her anger out on her bedroom and mirror, she follows him around the city. During the bridge of the song, her boyfriend sees her in many places at once, so he is feeling guilty and her feelings are weighing heavily on his mind. At the end of the video, she decides that he is better off without her and lets him walk away, and in the final shot she begins to float above the surface.
Reception
The video was nominated for Best Pop Video at the 2004 MTV Video Music Awards, but lost to No Doubt's video for "It's My Life".
Track listings and formats
Australian CD single
"Don't Tell Me" – 3:26
"Don't Tell Me" (acoustic) – 3:38
"Take Me Away" – 2:55
European CD single
"Don't Tell Me" – 3:26
"Don't Tell Me" (acoustic) – 3:38
Japanese CD single
"Don't Tell Me" – 3:26
"Take Me Away" – 2:55
Credits and personnel
Credits and personnel are adapted from the Under My Skin album liner notes.
Avril Lavigne – vocals, writer
Butch Walker – producer, electric guitar, bass, keyboards, percussion, programming, and background vocals
Evan Taubenfeld – writer, electric guitar, acoustic guitar, background vocals
Kenny Cresswell – drums
Russ-T Cobb – recording
Dan Chase – Pro-Tools engineering
Sean Loughlin – engineering assistant
Mauricio Cersosimo – engineering assistant
Tom Sweeney – engineering assistant
Tom Lord-Alge – mixing
Femio Hernandez – mixing assistant
Christie Priode – production coordinator
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
External links
"Don't Tell Me" music video
Avril Lavigne's Official Site
2004 singles
2004 songs
Arista Records singles
Avril Lavigne songs
Music videos directed by Liz Friedlander
Post-grunge songs
RCA Records singles
Rock ballads
Song recordings produced by Butch Walker
Songs written by Avril Lavigne
Songs written by Evan Taubenfeld
Sony BMG singles
lt:Under My Skin#Don't Tell Me
The George Landis Arboretum is a public garden comprising hundreds of acres of which 40 are devoted to noteworthy collections and gardens overlooking the Schoharie Valley near Esperance, New York, United States. The physical address is 174 Lape Road. Forty acres of the Arboretum are developed with plantings of trees, shrubs, and herbaceous perennials from around the world, including approximately 2,000 labeled specimens. The remainder of the property consists of natural areas, woodlands, wetlands, more than 8 miles of trails, and open fields. Among the Arboretum's horticultural features are a labeled collection of nearly all the trees, shrubs and vines native to New York State, as well as collections of notable trees, flowering ornamental trees and shrubs, tough trees for tough sites, conifers, and oaks. Two old growth forests and additional natural areas representing various stages of succession await visitors The Van Loveland Perennial Garden at the old farmhouse is a seasonal favorite. Collection signage includes QR codes directed toward audio descriptions.
Educational programs relating to the trees, other plants and animals, and the arts are provided during the months of March through November. The Arboretum is home to the unique Landis Perennial Forest 5K Walk/Run in later summer each year. The Arboretum is open free to the public (donations appreciated!), from dawn to dusk every day of the year. The Meeting House hosts wedding and meetings, as well as musical performances.
History
In 1903 Herman Franklin Lape purchased Oak Nose Farm, named for a white oak on a promontory overlooking the Schoharie Valley. He, his wife Emma (née Happe), and their son Frederick began the arduous life of farming on the 95 acres. They lived there until 1913, when the family moved to Esperance so that Fred could attend high school, first in Altamont, then in Cobleskill. In 1917, Fred continued his education at Cornell University. His mother and father moved back on the hill, but to the old Silvernail farm, located near Oak Nose Farm. After earning a degree in English, Fred taught first at Cornell, then at Stanford University in California.
In 1928, Herman Lape, now 62, became ill and could not continue farming. He and his wife moved back to Esperance for the remainder of Herman's days. Fred returned from California and moved onto the old farm, which had become decrepit. Having sold an article to Collier's, he decided to try to make a living as a writer. Although he wrote several articles and even a novel, sales were slow during the Depression. He worked the farm and did odd jobs, such as playing piano for area establishments. In 1932, he began a local poetry magazine, Trails, which featured his poetry as well as the work of many area writers, including W. W. Christman. Fred was interested in all artistic expression and encouraged visits from people involved in theater, music, sculpture, and other artistic endeavors.
Near the end of the 1930s, it became clear that more income was needed. In 1937, he became a part-time English professor at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy, NY. There he became good friends with George Edwin Landis, a professor of economics. In 1948, George purchased a house in Troy and wanted to landscape it with unusual trees and shrubs, so he asked Fred for assistance. Many plants selected were planted on Fred's farm as well as at George's home. In December 1950, George Landis died unexpectedly, leaving the bulk of his estate to Fred. Using this legacy, Fred decided to continue the vision of an arboretum, naming it for the "friend who had made it all possible both in life and in death." With help from taxonomists and botanists, Fred learned by his own successes and mistakes. His expertise grew until he became known world-wide, participating in seed exchanges with other arboreta and botanic gardens across the globe.
In the late 1950s, another man important to the Arboretum began visiting. His name was Levan Loveland, but preferred to be called Van. He was a bank manager from NYC and an avid flower gardener. He moved to the farm after his retirement, and he planted beautiful flower gardens near the farmhouse. Under his guidance, the Arboretum became a corporation in 1966 and achieved IRS non-profit status in 1967. As the men aged, it became harder to maintain the gardens and grounds. Van died in 1977. While some projects such as the library (1982) were completed, the general condition of the Arboretum declined. Fred died in 1985 while wintering in Mexico. After Fred's death, improvements began under the direction of President Elizabeth Corning. In 1987, Pamela Rowling was hired as horticulturist and director, continuing the Arboretum's goals of expansion, protection, and education. In the years 2000 to 2005, new lands were donated and purchased, increasing the acreage to 548. With the assistance of our current director, Fred Breglia, and hundreds of dedicated volunteers, the Arboretum is realizing its full potential as a "tree museum," scenic park, and education center.
Collection
A unique feature of the Landis Arboretum is the Ed Miller Native Plant Trail. Along the half mile Willow Plant trail, Ed and his family and friends have created a collection of woody plants, all native to New York state. The plants are grouped by families so that related species can be easily compared. Some plants with specialized needs are also planted in their favorite environment. There is a dry open location, an under-story location and a place set aside for wetland plants. Altogether the trail includes most of New York's native woody plants, including the recently added a fern area which represents ferns native to the region.
The collection also includes a bog garden with most of the plants of a northern peat bog. This garden is located at the beginning of the woodland trail and includes both woody and herbaceous plants nestled in a bed of sphagnum moss floating on a raft. Many native plants are labeled along the woodland trail. The Arboretum is developing a comprehensive native flora interpretive signage program including QR codes linked to audio descriptions that will greatly add to the enjoyment and understanding of these areas. The Native Plant Trail has already been marked with QR codes; walkers can use their smart phones to listen to these audio clips for a guided tour. For fun, a xylophone is part of one of the bridges connecting trail elements - visitors are invited to try their hands at creating bridge music.
Additional Landis collections include: beeches, Buckleya distichophylla, clematis, crab apples, firs, lilacs, oaks (14 species), pines, rhododendrons and azaleas, spruce, and dwarf conifers. The fir (Abies) collection is one of the most complete groupings of mature firs in the east, with sixteen species. Lape's propagation gave rise to a number of widely known cultivars including Rhododendron x 'Esperance', Syringa vulgaris 'Schoharie' (lilac), Chaenomeles speciosa 'George Landis' (quince), and some unnamed cultivars of Malus pumila var. niedzwetzkyana (crabapples). The 5000 sheet Baim Herbarium joined the Arboretum in 1990, with collections from the Adirondacks, northeastern and southeastern American states, and the South Pacific. It includes an almost complete flora of Schenectady County.
A detailed list of the species in its collections includes:
Abies alba, A. amabilis, A. balsamea, A. cephalonica, A. concolor, A. fraseri, A. grandis, A. holophylla, A. homolepis, A. lasiocarpa, A. nephrolepis, A. nordmanniana, A. pinsapo, A. procera, A. recurvata, A. sachalinensis
Acer campestre, A. cappadocicum, A. carpinifolium, A. diabolicum, A. ginnala, A. griseum, A. negundo, A. nikoense, A. palmatum, A. pensylvanicum, A. platanoides, A. rubrum, A. saccharinum, A. saccharum, A. spicatum, A. tataricum, A. truncatum
Actinidia arguta
Aesculus glabra, A. hippocastanum, A. parviflora, A. pavia
Akebia quinata
Alnus hirsuta
Amelanchier canadensis, A. laevis
Amorpha fruticosa
Ampelopsis brevipedunculata
Aralia spinosa
Arctostaphylos uva-ursi
Aronia arbutifolia, A. melanocarpa
Asimina triloba
Berberis amurensis, B. koreana, B. sieboldii, B. thunbergii
Betula alleghaniensis, B. papyrifera, B. pendula, B. populifolia
Buckleya distichophylla
Buxus microphylla, B. sempervirens
Campsis radicans
Caragana sp
Carpinus betulus, C. caroliniana
Carya ovata
Caryopteris x clandonesis
Castanea crenata, C. dentata
Catalpa ovata, C. speciosa
Celastrus orbiculatus
Celtis occidentalis
Cephalanthus occidentalis
Cercidiphyllum japonicum
Cercis canadensis, C. chinensis
Chaenomeles speciosa
Chamaecyparis obtusa, C. pisifera, C. thyoides
Chamaedaphne calyculata
Chionanthus virginicus
Cladrastis kentuckea
Clematis sp.
Clethra alnifolia
Cornus alternifolia, C. amomum, C. florida, C. kousa, C. mas, C. racemosa, C. rugosa, C. sericea
Corylus americana, C. colurna
Cotinus coggygria
Cotoneaster adpressus, C. apiculatus, C. horizontalis, C. wardii
Crataegus chrysocarpa, C. crus-galli, C. laevigata, C. mollis, C. phaenopyrum, C. viridis
Daphne cneorum, D. mezereum
Deutzia gracilis, D. scabra
Diospyros virginiana
Enkianthus campanulatus
Euonymus alatus, E. atropurpurea, E. europaea, E. kiautschovicus, E. oxyphylla, E. yedoensis
Exochorda racemosa
Fagus grandifolia, F. sylvatica
Forsythia x intermedia, F. ovata
Fothergilla major
Fraxinus americana, F. excelsior, F. nigra, F. ornus, F. oxycarpa, F. pennsylvanica, F. quadrangulata, F. sieboldiana
Genista tinctoria
Ginkgo biloba
Gleditsia triacanthos
Gymnocladus dioicus
Halesia carolina
Hamamelis mollis, H. virginiana
Hibiscus syriacus
Hippophae rhamnoides
Hydrangea anomala, H. arborescens, H. paniculata, H. petiolaris, H. quercifolia
Ilex crenata, I. glabra, I. macropoda, I. opaca, I. verticillata, I. yunnanensis
Juglans cinerea, J. nigra, J. sieboldiana
Juniperus chinensis, J. communis, J. procumbens, J. rigida, J. squamata, J. virginiana
Kalmia latifolia
Kerria japonica
Koelreuteria paniculata
Larix decidua, L. gmelini, L. kaempferi, L. laricina, L. sibirica
Lespedeza cyrtobotrya, L. thunbergii
Leucothoe fontanesiana
Ligustrum amurense
Lindera benzoin
Liquidambar styraciflua
Liriodendron tulipifera
Lonicera dioica, L. korolkowii, L. quinquelocularis, L. ramosissima, L. serotina, L. syringantha
Lyonia ligustrina
Maackia amurensis
Maclura pomifera
Magnolia kobus, M. stellata, M. virginiana
Mahonia aquifolium
Malus baccata, M. floribunda, M. hupehensis, M. ioensis, M. pumila, M. sargentii, M. spectabilis, M. toringoides
Menispermum canadense
Metasequoia glyptostroboides
Morus alba
Myrica gale
Neillia sinensis
Nemopanthus mucronatus
Nyssa sylvatica
Orixa japonica
Oxydendrum arboreum
Parrotia persica
Paxistima canbyi
Penstemon davidsonii menziesii
Periploca graeca
Phellodendron amurense
Philadelphus sp
Photinia villosa
Physocarpus opulifolius
Picea abies, P. alcoquiana, P. engelmannii, P. glauca, P jezoensis, P. mariana, P. obovata, P. omorika, P. orientalis, P. pungens, P. rubens, P. schrenkiana, P. sitchensis, P. torano, P. wilsonii
Pieris japonica
Pinus armandii, P. attenuata, P. banksiana, P. cembra, P. contorta, P. densiflora, P. echinata, P. flexilis, P. heldreichii, P. jeffreyi, P. koraiensis, P. mugo, P. nigra, P. parviflora, P. ponderosa, P. resinosa, P. rigida, P. strobus, P. sylvestris, P. tabuliformis, P. virginiana
Platanus occidentalis
Platycladus orientalis
Populus alba, P. deltoides, P. grandidentata, P. nigra, P. tremuloides
Potentilla fruticosa, P. villosa
Prunus americana, P. fruticosa, P. glandulosa, P. incisa, P. mahaleb, P. sargentii, P. serotina, P. spinosa, P. subhirtella, P. virginiana
Pseudolarix amabilis
Pseudotsuga menziesii
Ptelea trifoliata
Pyracantha coccinea
Pyrus calleryana, P. communis, P. salicifolia
Quercus acutissima, Q. alba, Q. bicolor, Q. coccinea, Q. imbricaria, Q. macrocarpa, Q. marilandica, Q. mongolica, Q. palustris, Q. petraea, Q. prinoides, Q. prinus, Q. robur, Q. rubra, Q. shumardii, Q. stellata, Q. velutina
Rhamnus cathartica, R. frangula, R. japonica
Rhododendron arborescens, R. bakeri, R. brachycarpum, R. brachycarpum, R. calendulaceum, R. canadense, R. carolinianum, R. catawbiense, R. dauricum, R. fauriei, R. fortunei, R. japonicum, R. kaempferi, R. keiskei, R. luteum, R. metternichii, R. mucronalatum, R. mucronulatum, R. schlippenbachii, R smirnowii, sutchuenense, R. vaseyi, R. viscosum, R. yakusimanum, R. yedoense
Rhus typhina
Ribes odoratum
Rosa blanda, R. palustris, R. rubrifolia
Rubus odoratus
Salix alba, S. babylonica, S. caprea, S. helvetica, S. matsudana, S. melanostachys, S. purpurea
Sassafras albidum
Sciadopitys verticillata
Securinega suffruticosa
Sorbus alnifolia, S. americana, S. aria, S. aucuparia, S. discolor, S. matsumurana, S. scopulina
Spiraea bullata, S. japonica, S. thunbergii
Staphylea bumalda, S. colchica, S. trifolia
Stuartia pseudocamellia, S. sinensis
Styrax japonica
Symplocos paniculata
Syringa josikaea, S. komarowi, S. oblata, S. patula, S. pekinensis, S. reflexa, S. reticulata, S. sweginzowii, S. villosa, S. vulgaris, S. wolfi, S. yunnanensis
Tamarix parviflora
Taxodium distichum
Taxus baccata, T. cuspidata
Thuja koraiensis, T. occidentalis, T. plicata
Tilia americana, T. cordata
Tsuga canadensis, T. caroliniana
Ulmus americana, U. fulva, U. parvifolia, U. pumila
Vaccinium corymbosum
Vancouveria hexandra
Viburnum bitchiuense, V. cassinoides, V. dentatum, V. dilatatum, V. farreri, V. fragrans, V. hupehense, V. lantana, V. lentago, V. opulus, V. plicatum, V. rhytidophyllum, V. sargentii, V. trilobum
Weigela sp.
Xanthocyparis nootkatensis
Zelkova serrata
See also
List of botanical gardens in the United States
North American Plant Collections Consortium
References
External links
Landis Arboretum website
Arboreta in New York (state)
Old-growth forests
Protected areas of Schoharie County, New York
Tourist attractions in Schoharie County, New York
Frédéric Louis Ritter (22 June 1834 – 6 July 1891) was a French composer, choral conductor, teacher, and author.
Biography
He was born in Strasbourg, France on 22 June 1834.
He studied under Moritz, Hauser, and Schletterer. In 1856 he came to the United States, resided for some years in Cincinnati, where he founded the Cecilia and Philharmonic Societies, and in 1861 moved to New York City and conducted the Sacred Harmonic Society and Arion Society.
In New York, he married Fannie Raymond, his second wife.
In 1867 he organized New York's first musical festival. The same year, he was appointed professor of music at Vassar College, although he didn't move to the campus in Poughkeepsie until 1874.
He received a doctorate from New York University in music in 1878.
He died in Antwerp, Belgium on 6 July 1891.
Legacy
Albert Metcalf purchased Ritter's music library at auction and donated it to Tufts University by 1901.
Works
He composed many songs, orchestral, church, and piano works. He wrote several works on music with his wife:
History of Music (1870–74)
History Of Music in the Form of Lectures (1876)
Music in England (1883)
Music in America (1883)
The Student's History Of Music (1884)
Practical Harmony, Especially Designed For The Use Of Piano-Forte Students (1888)
References
This source gives 1832 as his birth year.
External links
Contains a possibly incomplete but lengthy list of his works including those in manuscript (several symphonies and concertos that seem not to have been published), and other information.
1834 births
1891 deaths
Vassar College faculty
German emigrants to the United States
American male writers
Belfast East was a borough constituency of the Parliament of Northern Ireland from 1921 to 1929. It returned four MPs, using proportional representation by means of the single transferable vote.
Boundaries
Belfast East was created by the Government of Ireland Act 1920 and contained the Dock, Pottinger and Victoria wards of the County Borough of Belfast. The House of Commons (Method of Voting and Redistribution of Seats) Act (Northern Ireland) 1929 divided the constituency into four constituencies elected under first past the post: Belfast Bloomfield, Belfast Dock, Belfast Pottinger and Belfast Victoria constituencies.
Second Dáil
In May 1921, Dáil Éireann, the parliament of the self-declared Irish Republic run by Sinn Féin, passed a resolution declaring that elections to the House of Commons of Northern Ireland and the House of Commons of Southern Ireland would be used as the election for the Second Dáil. All those elected were on the roll of the Second Dáil, but as no Sinn Féin MP was elected for Belfast East, it was not represented there.
Politics
Belfast East was a predominantly Unionist area with some pockets of labour strength, returning four Unionists in 1921 and 2 Unionists, 1 Independent Unionist and a Northern Ireland Labour Party MP in 1925.
Members of Parliament
Election results
References
Northern Ireland Parliament constituencies established in 1921
Northern Ireland Parliament constituencies disestablished in 1929
Constituencies of the Northern Ireland Parliament
Constituencies of the Northern Ireland Parliament in Belfast
Dáil constituencies in Northern Ireland (historic)
The 2013–14 Top League Challenge Series was the 2013–14 edition of the Top League Challenge Series, a second-tier rugby union competition in Japan, in which teams from regionalised leagues competed for promotion to the Top League for the 2014–15 season. The competition was contested from 7 December 2013 to 26 January 2014.
Fukuoka Sanix Blues won promotion to the 2014–15 Top League, while Honda Heat, Mitsubishi Sagamihara DynaBoars and Yokogawa Musashino Atlastars progressed to the promotion play-offs.
Competition rules and information
The top two teams from the regional Top East League, Top West League and Top Kyūshū League qualified to the Top League Challenge Series. The regional league winners participated in Challenge 1, while the runners-up participated in Challenge 2. The winner of Challenge 2 also progressed to a four-team Challenge 1.
The top team in Challenge 1 won automatic promotion to the 2014–15 Top League, while the other three teams qualified to the promotion play-offs.
Qualification
The teams qualified to the Challenge 1 and Challenge 2 series through the 2013 regional leagues.
Top West League
The final standings for the 2013 Top West League were:
Honda Heat qualified for Challenge 1.
Chubu Electric Power qualified for Challenge 2.
Top East League
The final standings for the 2013 Top East League were:
Mitsubishi Sagamihara DynaBoars qualified for Challenge 1.
Yokogawa Musashino Atlastars qualified for Challenge 2.
Top Kyūshū League
The final standings for the 2013 Top Kyūshū League were:
Chugoku Electric Power, Fukuoka Sanix Blues and Mazda Blue Zoomers qualified to the Second Phase.
Nippon Steel Yawata were relegated to lower leagues.
Fukuoka Sanix Blues qualified for Challenge 1.
Mazda Blue Zoomers qualified for Challenge 2.
Challenge 1
Standings
The final standings for the 2013–14 Top League Challenge 1 were:
Fukuoka Sanix Blues won promotion to the 2014–15 Top League.
Honda Heat, Mitsubishi Sagamihara DynaBoars and Yokogawa Musashino Atlastars progressed to the promotion play-offs.
Matches
The following matches were played in the 2013–14 Top League Challenge 1:
Challenge 2
Standings
The final standings for the 2013–14 Top League Challenge 2 were:
Yokogawa Musashino Atlastars progressed to Challenge 1.
Matches
The following matches were played in the 2013–14 Top League Challenge 2:
See also
2013–14 Top League
Top League Challenge Series
References
2013-14 Challenge
2013–14 in Japanese rugby union
2013–14 rugby union tournaments for clubs
"The Monkey That Became President" is a song written and recorded by the American country music artist Tom T. Hall. It was released in June 1972 as the second and final single from the album, We All Got Together and.... The song peaked at number 11 on the U.S. country singles chart and at number 9 on the Canadian country singles chart.
Content
The narrator pokes fun at government by showing that a monkey can perform duties better than politicians.
Chart performance
References
Songs about primates
1972 singles
Tom T. Hall songs
Songs written by Tom T. Hall
Song recordings produced by Jerry Kennedy
Mercury Records singles
1972 songs
Newport '61 is a live album by Quincy Jones that was recorded on July 3, 1961, at the Newport Jazz Festival.
Track listing
"Meet B.B." (Quincy Jones) – 3:58
"Boy in the Tree" (Jones) – 5:01
"Evening in Paris" (Jones) – 5:11
"Air Mail Special" (Charlie Christian, Benny Goodman, Jimmy Mundy) – 4:25
"Lester Leaps In" (Lester Young) – 6:10
"G'won Train" (Patricia Bown) – 6:02
"Banja Luka" (Phil Woods) – 5:54
"Ghana" (Ernie Wilkins) – 4:06
Personnel
Quincy Jones - arranger, conductor
Phil Woods, Joe Lopes - alto saxophone
Jerome Richardson, Eric Dixon - flute, tenor saxophone
Pat Patrick - baritone saxophone
Jimmy Nottingham, Jimmy Maxwell, John Bello, Joe Newman - trumpet
Julius Watkins - French horn
Curtis Fuller, Melba Liston, Britt Woodman, Paul Faulise - trombone
Les Spann - flute, guitar
Patricia Bown - piano
Art Davis - double bass
Stu Martin - drums
References
1961 live albums
1961 in Rhode Island
Quincy Jones live albums
Albums arranged by Quincy Jones
Albums recorded at the Newport Jazz Festival
Mercury Records live albums
Albums produced by Quincy Jones
Albums conducted by Quincy Jones
Avtar Singh Rikhy (born 23 December 1923) was an Indian civil servant who was the former Secretary-General of the 6th Lok Sabha and 7th Lok Sabha (Lower House of Parliament of India). He succeeded Shri S. L. Shakdhar after his appointment as the Chief Election Commissioner.
Early life
Sardar Rikhy had his higher education from Punjab University and Calcutta University. He was Double M.A. in History and English. He stood third in order of merit in the Punjab University in M.A. (English) 1945; diploma in Journalism, Punjab University 1944; diploma in Social Work (Welfare), Calcutta University, 1948 where he stood second in order of merit; after being successful in the All-India Combined Services Competitive Examination, 1945 served in various administrative capacities in the government, 1946–1956.
Positions held
Deputy Secretary, Lok Sabha, 1956–69
Joint Secretary, Lok Sabha, 1969–74
Additional Secretary, 1974–77
Secretary, Lok Sabha, 1977–83
Secretary-General, Lok Sabha, 22-31 Dec 1983
References
External links
http://legislativebodiesinindia.nic.in/chairman%20SECY.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20110703133158/http://164.100.47.132/LssNew/Members/lokprelist.aspx?lsno=7
https://web.archive.org/web/20110703133208/http://164.100.47.132/LssNew/Members/lokprelist.aspx?lsno=6
http://parliamentofindia.nic.in/ls/lok06/lok06.htm
http://parliamentofindia.nic.in/ls/lok07/lok07.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20110718101556/http://www.sikhreview.org/pdf/july2003/pdf-files/member.pdf
http://pib.nic.in/archieve/pelection2007.pdf
Source Sixth Lok Sabha
1923 births
Living people
Indian civil servants
University of Calcutta alumni
Panjab University alumni
Secretaries General of the Lok Sabha
Annamaria Beatrice (Nina) Amenta is an American computer scientist who works as the Tim Bucher Family Professor of Computer Science and the chair of the Computer Science Department at the University of California, Davis. She specializes in computational geometry and computer graphics, and is particularly known for her research in reconstructing surfaces from scattered data points.
Amenta grew up in Pittsburgh, and majored in classical civilization at Yale University, graduating in 1979. After working for over ten years as a computer programmer, she returned to graduate school, and earned her Ph.D. in 1994 from the University of California, Berkeley with a thesis on relations between Helly's theorem and generalized linear programming, supervised by Raimund Seidel. After postdoctoral study at The Geometry Center and Xerox PARC, she became a faculty member at the University of Texas at Austin, and moved to Davis in 2002. She became the Bucher Professor and department chair in 2013.
Amenta are co-chair of the Symposium on Computational Geometry in 2006, with Otfried Cheong.
References
External links
Google Scholar profile
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American women computer scientists
Yale College alumni
University of California, Berkeley alumni
University of Texas at Austin faculty
University of California, Davis faculty
Researchers in geometric algorithms
Computer graphics researchers
Scientists at PARC (company)
American computer scientists
21st-century American women scientists
21st-century American scientists
American women academics
The Sisters Family Cookbook is a cookbook written by seven sisters. It is known for its southern style recipes. After its initial publication, proceeds from sales of the book were redirected to pay for the kidney transplant of one of the writers.
History
The “Sisters Family Cookbook” is a cookbook compiled of southern recipes from seven sisters originally from Hogansville, Georgia, United States. The authors are Martha Hale, Becky Ott-Carden, Ellen Hubbard, all of Hogansville, Shirley Williamson of Newnan, Bobbie Williams of Statesboro, Joyce Harlin of Chattanooga, Tennessee, and Willie Todd of Lexington, Kentucky. The book was born in 1986 when Shirley Williamson and her six sisters spent their first annual sisters' reunion at the Marriott at Times Square in New York City. For 23 years thereafter the tradition of an annual “Sisters Gathering” took the family to Nashville, Chicago, Dallas, St. Augustine, Kentucky, and a Caribbean Cruise for the sisters and their mother, Annie Williamson. In 2005 the sisters were determined to not let their mother's disability, a broken hip requiring her to use a wheelchair, call off the annual trip.
In 2006 after being urged by family and friends to publish their southern style recipes into a book, the seven sisters chipped in $157 each to pay for the publication costs. In May 2006 the “Sisters Family Cookbook” was published. To begin with the sisters ordered 300 copies. Much to their surprise the cookbooks “sold like hotcakes” and since then more than 6,000 copies of the first book have been sold. “The first copies contained recipes from each sister, with a healthy dose of humorous trips and quotes, famous wise sayings, helpful kitchen pointers and heartwarming stories and poems all crowded together in a three-ring binder with a picture of the sisters on the front.”
Shirley Williamson, one of the sisters, found out in September 2006 that she needed a kidney transplant and had to go on dialysis. Shirley was told that the transplant would cost $10,000 and that did not include the medicine after the surgery. Following this, all proceeds from the books went towards to the medical expenses of Shirley's kidney transplant. In January 2008 Lena Drake, great niece of Shirley Williamson, was told she was a positive match and a month later she was cleared to donate one of her kidneys. In March 2008 the operation took place. Later on in the year the sisters compiled another book, “Sisters Family Cookbook Second Helping,” with almost twice the number of recipes. The sisters dedicated the book to Lena Drake. More than 1,000 copies of the second book have been sold.
“Something Special”
In the back of the “Sisters Family Cookbook: Second Helping” is a section called “Something Special”. This section was written by Willie Todd, one of the sisters, and has a short story about each one of the sisters and their childhood memories. Some recipes from the cookbook were published in Georgia Magazine, in the October 2009 edition.
References
Cookbooks
Thaleops is an extinct genus of trilobite of the family Illaenidae. It lived from the Floian to the Katian of the Ordovician in what is now North America.
Thaleops can be told apart from other illaenids because of the cheek spines that many species possess under their eyes. Thaleops had a large distribution range, from Canada to some U.S states including Oklahoma, Wisconsin, and New York. It is thought to have lived in shallow water, as a study published in Oklahoma found that deposits that contained Thaleops and the asaphid trilobite Bumastides contained 4 times as many trilobite genera, where associated with shallow water areas.
Classification
Classification of Thaleops, Illaenus, and Nanillaenus by Amati & Westrop, 2004.
Thaleops
References
Trilobite genera
Trilobites of North America
Ordovician trilobites
Illaenina
WRIT-FM (95.7 MHz) is a radio station in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, owned by iHeartMedia, and branded as "BIG FM". The station carries a variety hits format with a core focus on music from the 1980s and 1990s, along with some '60s and '70s songs and limited hits from the early 2000s. Its studios are in the Milwaukee suburb of Greenfield and the transmitter site is located along Capitol Drive on Milwaukee's North Side.
The oldies format has been on 95.7 since the late 1980s, originally known as WZTR. The WRIT call sign previously belonged to an iconic Milwaukee Top 40 station that aired on 1340 AM from 1955 through the 1970s. The WRIT call letters were brought to the station at midnight on January 1, 2000, to ring in the new millennium.
History
The 95.7 frequency signed on May 10, 1961 with the WMIL-FM call sign. The station aired a country music/polka format, simulcasting full-time with their AM sister station. Following the purchase of both stations by Malrite Broadcasting, on May 12, 1968, the ethnic and polka music programming aired on the AM station shifted to WMIL-FM, allowing the AM station to continue with the country format full-time.
The FM station became WMVM in 1971, airing a beautiful music format. On June 1, 1972, consultant Mike Joseph switched WMVM and its AM sister station to a Top 40/CHR format, under the new call letters WZUU AM & FM. Ironically, one of its chief rivals at the time was the original WRIT, as well as WOKY. WZUU's all-currents, no-oldies "Super Hits" format, which featured a tight playlist of 30 current songs, was a forerunner of Joseph's later Hot Hits stations of the late 1970s and early 1980s. In 1984, the station rebranded as Z95, largely imitating sister station Z100 in New York. In mid-1985, Malrite sold the stations to Amos Broadcasting.
On March 31, 1986, WZUU switched to adult album alternative-formatted WBGK. In 1987, it flipped again, this time to adult contemporary-formatted Star 95.7 and the WZTR call sign. In 1988, WZTR switched to oldies due to heavy competition in the adult contemporary format.
The station was known for a long time as "Oldies 95.7", even after it tweaked its format slightly and resurrected the memorable WRIT call sign on New Year's Day, 2000. In 2003, WRIT dropped the "oldies" designation from its name in favor of "95.7 WRIT". (Some Milwaukee area billboards displayed only "95.7" without the WRIT call letters.)
Transition to "My 95.7"
On September 1, 2006, at 5 p.m., after playing "American Pie" by Don McLean, WRIT began stunting by playing a wide assortment of songs and directing listeners to 957needshelp.com to request and vote for songs online, in a similar manner previously done on sister station WDTW-FM in Detroit.
The station unveiled its tweaked format on September 5 at 6 a.m., after playing an hour of songs containing the word "Magic". It was named "Milwaukee's 95.7", with a gold adult contemporary format. The first song under the new format was "Manic Monday" by The Bangles. In addition to the 1960s and 1970s oldies already being played, the station mixed in a few pop music selections from the 1980s. In 2007, the station began using the moniker "My 95.7."
Return To Oldies 95.7
At Midnight on December 26, 2009, the station changed its name back to "Oldies 95.7." It aired an oldie format based on music from the 1960s, 1970s, and early 1980s. The station has since enjoyed consistent top 5 ratings finishes (12+) in the market.
On December 2, 2013, Learfield Sports and the University of Wisconsin–Madison announced that WRIT-FM would begin to carry Wisconsin Badgers football and men's basketball broadcasts in 2014. Sister station WOKY serves as the Badgers' primary Milwaukee outlet, though WRIT was brought in both due to WOKY's weak nighttime signal and the growing movement of sports rights to FM (sister stations WIBA and WIBA-FM have the same arrangement in Madison). The two stations collectively replaced longtime Badgers affiliate WTMJ. The FM Badgers broadcasts moved from WRIT to sister station WRNW in late November 2018 as part of that station's conversion to a local sports radio station, though WRIT remains as an overflow option if other Badger sports or Packers Radio Network coverage airs at the same time on WRNW.
95.7 BIG FM
The station rebranded as "95.7 BIG FM, Milwaukee's Greatest Hits" at Midnight on September 10, 2015. No changes in WRIT's existing format, playlist or call letters were made. "Cool Change" by Little River Band was the final song under the old branding, leading into "Big Time" by Peter Gabriel to inaugurate "BIG FM".
After the Christmas season in 2018, WRIT shifted their playlist in a heavily 80s direction with the new slogan "80s and More", and including the addition of 90s tracks, though 70s (and a reduced 60s selection, along with a very small number of 2000s tracks) remain a part of the playlist. The move was made to retain listeners of sister station WRNW after that station's conversion to a sports talk format, along with some WRNW personalities moving to various WRIT shifts.
Christmas music
On November 17, 2005, WRIT began airing all-Christmas music programming, which lasted until after the holiday. This put WRIT in competition with Milwaukee's other seasonal Christmas music station, WMYX-FM, a station that had aired the format annually since 2003. For all subsequent holiday seasons, WRIT has played Christmas music, with the date of the launch each year varying between Halloween and Thanksgiving. In 2008, the station began airing Christmas music at 3:00 p.m. on Halloween, which remains the earliest date it has launched the format. WMYX went all-Christmas several minutes later.
Over the next several years, WRIT and WMYX engaged in a battle for Christmas music supremacy in Milwaukee. In 2009, WMYX won the Christmas music race by switching to the format at 7:00 p.m. on November 13. WRIT started playing Christmas music about 20 minutes later. In 2010, both stations waited until later in the year to flip formats. WRIT switched first, airing all-Christmas music on November 18 at 5:15 p.m. WMYX waited to air the all-Christmas format until November 22 at 12:00 a.m. In 2011, the race started earlier. WMYX began playing Christmas music at 5:00 p.m. on November 10, followed by WRIT at 5:55 p.m. WRIT became the first Milwaukee station to play Christmas music in 2012, launching into the format at 7:00 a.m. on November 21, the day before Thanksgiving. The same year, WMYX declined to air the Christmas music format for the first time since 2002, making WRIT Milwaukee's only FM radio station to play exclusively Christmas music during the holiday season. In 2016, WLDB (which traditionally begins their Christmas format post-Thanksgiving) began playing Christmas music on November 17; WRIT followed shortly thereafter. Since that point, WLDB has maintained its yearly position to be the first to switch, doing so on November 8, 2017 with WRIT waiting until hours before the Milwaukee civic Christmas tree lighting on November 17. 2018 saw WLDB convert on November 13, with WRIT again following on the 15th, hours before the lighting ceremony.
WRIT-FM HD2
On April 25, 2006, Clear Channel announced that WRIT-FM's HD2 subchannel would carry the Classic Dance channel from their Format Lab, focusing on classic dance and disco hits from the 1970s and 1980s.
The format was switched to 50s-60s Oldies in May 2009, branded as The Mighty 92 and featuring heritage jingles from WOKY in the 1960s and '70s, along with imaging from WOKY's oldies format, which ran from January 2007-September 2008, and until Scott Shannon's departure from the company, was an affiliate of his The True Oldies Channel. WRIT-FMHD2 currently airs iHeartMedia's similar "Real Oldies" format.
References
External links
WRIT Website
Milwaukee radio: a retrospective
RIT-FM
Radio stations established in 1961
IHeartMedia radio stations
Batrachorhina fuscolateralis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1939. It is known from Zanzibar and Kenya.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1939
The Art Museum at SUNY Potsdam is part of the State University of New York at Potsdam, located in the village of Potsdam in St. Lawrence County, New York.
The permanent collection of the Art Museum at SUNY Potsdam consists of around 1,900 objects that range from post-war American and European art, contemporary art, ethnographic art, and early American and European art. The Japanese collection features a large number of Gutai group pieces that present a detailed outlook on Japanese abstract painting from the late 1950s to the early 1970s. The Italian collection contains a mix of mid-20th century painting, sculpture, and works on paper done by Italian artists from the postwar period, including works by Afro Basaldella, Giuseppe Capogrossi, Zuran Antoni Music, Arnoldo Pomodoro, Gio Pomodoro, Paolo Scheggi and Giulio Turcato.
Exhibition Spaces
Gibson Gallery
The Gibson Gallery is located in Brainard Hall and is named after the late Dr Roland Gibson after his donations of contemporary and modern works of art to the Potsdam Art Museum Collection. The space is divided into three sectors and hosts eight to ten exhibition per year that range from international and regional professional artists to SUNY Potsdam Art students.
Hosmer Hall Gallery
The Gallery is housed within the Crane School of Music Complex. The Gallery exhibits artworks from the museum's permanent collection along with work from professional artists.
Dunn Hall Display
Located in the lobby of Dunn Theater, this space shows a number of smaller works. Exhibitions in this space change by semester and include professional artists as well as SUNY Potsdam Art Student work.
Art around Campus
Large works of art can be seen in collection hung in public spaces around campus. Most notable areas include Flagg Hall, Kellas Hall and Crumb Library, where work is displayed in high traffic walkways. Outdoor sculptures can also be spotted around campus located around the academic building.
Storage
The museum also includes a Print/Drawing Study and Storage room along with a Painting/Sculpture Study and Storage room. These spaces can service for the studio classes and provide students with hands on research in preservation and restoration of works of art.
External links
Art Museum at SUNY Potsdam
University art museums and galleries in New York (state)
Art museums and galleries in New York (state)
State University of New York at Potsdam
Museums in St. Lawrence County, New York
In enzymology, a CDP-paratose 2-epimerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
CDP-3,6-dideoxy-D-glucose CDP-3,6-dideoxy-D-mannose
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, CDP-3,6-dideoxy-D-glucose, and one product, CDP-3,6-dideoxy-D-mannose.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on carbohydrates and derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is CDP-3,6-dideoxy-D-glucose 2-epimerase. Other names in common use include CDP-paratose epimerase, cytidine diphosphoabequose epimerase, cytidine diphosphodideoxyglucose epimerase, cytidine diphosphoparatose epimerase, and cytidine diphosphate paratose-2-epimerase. It is also incorrectly known as CDP-abequose epimerase, and CDP-D-abequose 2-epimerase. This enzyme participates in starch and sucrose metabolism. It employs one cofactor, NAD+.
References
EC 5.1.3
NADH-dependent enzymes
Enzymes of unknown structure
The 1986–87 Irish League Cup (known as the Roadferry Freight League Cup for sponsorship reasons) was the first edition of Northern Ireland's secondary football knock-out cup competition. It concluded on 9 May 1987 with the final.
Linfield became the first ever winners of the competition after defeating Crusaders 2–1 in the final.
First round
|}
Second round
|}
Quarter-finals
|}
Semi-finals
|}
Final
References
Lea
1986–87 domestic association football cups
1986–87
The 1973 Friuli-Venezia Giulia regional election took place on 17 June 1973.
Events
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, largely ahead of the Italian Communist Party which came second. After the election Christian Democrat Antonio Comelli formed a government with the Italian Socialist Party (which left in 1975), the Italian Democratic Socialist Party and the Italian Republican Party.
Results
Sources: Istituto Cattaneo and Cjargne Online
References
Elections in Friuli-Venezia Giulia
1973 elections in Italy
June 1973 events in Europe
Luca Legnani (born Milan, 1980) is an Italian producer, noted art collector, former dancer, and one-time TV cop.
Biography
He has done music videos for Ricky Martin, Snoop Dogg, Fabri Fibra, Cor Veleno, The Rain, Eros Ramazzotti, Stateless, Geri Halliwell, Gwen Stefani, Planet Funk, Gianluca Grignani, Katie Price and Peter Andre, and many more. For many years, he produced music videos, commercials, and TV content for the prominent Italian production company, Filmmaster. In 2007, he opened up an independent production house, Pines Films Limited, based in central London.
He is a noted art collector, as well as a former curator at Bocconi University with Luca Martinazzoli.
Notable recent projects
In 2007, Legnani produced "Help Lorenzo," a project to help Italian film director Lorenzo Bassano who was jailed in Dubai for possession of a ridiculous amount of hashish. This effort included a free concert in Milan with performances by Elio e Le Storie Tese, Cor Veleno, Grandi Animali Marini, Le Vibrazioni, Fabri Fibra, Club Dogo, Coolio, J Ax, The Styles and more. The concert was supported by Radio DeeJay.
In 2008, Legnani became producer for Check-In Architecture, a cultural research project that's developing a cultural map of Europe, partnered with Google, which includes 300 short documentaries created by students and renowned cultural producers including Andrew Berardini, Olivia Fincato, Christophe Tassin, Vincent Moon, Alessandro Zuek Simonetti, Ed Rutherford, Giovanna Silva, Filippo Romano, Andrea Lissioni, Luca Martinazoli, Luca Molinari, Francesco Fei and Mario Benini. Also included is a free press magazine, a blog, and starting in April 2008, the project was shown on the Urban Screen, a 148-meter video screen overlooking Piazza del Duomo, Milan.
In 2008 worked as line producer on the Award-Winning short movie Afterville, directed by Fabio Guaglione and Fabio Resinaro and starring Giorgia Würth, Roberto Laureri, Paolo Giangrasso and David Traylor. The movie has been produced by BB Productions and FastForward, in association with FIlmmaster Clip.
In summer 2009 has filmed as executive producer on War Games: At the End of the Day, the first feature film of director Cosimo Alema, starring Andrew Harwood Mills, Sam Cohan, Michael Lutz, Stephanie Chapman Baker and Neil Linpow among others. The movie has been made under the executive production of The Mob and will be released in Italian cinemas on 22 July 2011 by Bolero Film. The film has been proved very successful in the international market and will be distributed throughout Europe by Universal Picture, in Australia by Transmission and in Japan by Nikkatsu among many others.
From the 13 to 30 December 2011 he opened MINEMA, a temporary mini cinema in Milan. The place was hosted by Mareselleria and was designed by Canedicoda.
Legnani was also the director behind the YouTube sleeper hit, "Trovami Un Modo Semplice Per Uscirne" (trans. "Find Me an Easy Way to Get Out of It").
References
Italian film producers
1980 births
Living people
Italian art collectors
Coccothrinax microphylla is a palm which is endemic to eastern Cuba.
Henderson and colleagues (1995) considered C. microphylla to be a synonym of Coccothrinax pauciramosa.
References
microphylla
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1981
The 1904 Copa del Rey Final was the second final of the Copa del Rey. It was supposed to be played in 1904 in Madrid. This edition was notable for its chaotic development and the fact that Athletic Bilbao won the trophy without playing a game.
Match details
Athletic Bilbao automatically qualified for the final.
Club Español de Madrid had tied one game and had not completed the other game in 1904 Copa del Rey, which led Athletic to file a complaint. Faced with this problem and unable to quickly solve the case, coupled with the rush of players from the Basque club to return to their occupations, the Madrid Association decided to award the cup to Athletic as defending champions.
References
Copa del Rey Finals
Copa Del Rey Final
Copa Del Rey Final 1904
Copa Del Rey Final 1904
Akhanda Nepal Party (, 'Great Nepal Party') was a political party in Nepal. As of 2013, the chairman of the party was Kumar Khadka. The party joined Nepali Congress ahead of the 2017 Nepalese general election.
The party calls for the reinstatement of Nepal as a Hindu state. It proposes a topography-based federal system in Nepal, and opposes a federal structure drawn along ethnic/linguistic lines. The party favoured a presidential system, with a directly elected president that appoints a government.
The party registered itself with the Election Commission of Nepal ahead of the 2013 Constituent Assembly election. It presented 105 candidates in FPTP constituencies. For the Proportional Representation vote the party submitted a list of 100 candidates, headed by Anirudra Thapa. The election symbol of the party is a pennon.
History
On 19 January 2017, the party for the first time joined the government, for which chairman Kumar Khadka joined the Second Dahal coalition government as the Minister for Women, Children and Social Welfare Development.
On 22 April 2017, the Akhanda Party Nepal joined the Nepali Congress ahead of the 2017 Nepalese local elections.
See also
Nepali Congress
References
Nepalese Hindu political parties
2017 disestablishments in Nepal
J. B. Clark may refer to
John Bates Clark (1847–1938), American economist
Joseph Benwell Clark (1857–1938), English painter and engraver
Harry M. Sassounian () or Hampig Sassounian (; born January 1, 1963), is an American citizen involved in the 1982 assassination of Turkish Consul General Kemal Arıkan in Los Angeles. He was identified as one of two gunmen by witnesses. In court, Sassounian said that he was motivated by the Turkish government's open denial of the Armenian genocide. The jury determined that Arıkan was targeted due to his nationality. Sassounian was sentenced to life, but was granted parole 2021. He subsequently moved to Armenia on 29 October 2021.
Assassination
Arıkan was gunned down in his car by two gunmen while waiting at a red light on the intersection of Wilshire Boulevard and Comstock Street in the Westwood area of Los Angeles. President Ronald Reagan condemned the murder as "an apparent act of terrorism".
The jury determined that Sassounian had shot Arıkan to death, on January 28, 1982 at 9:40 a.m. Sassounian was sentenced to life in prison. The jury determined that the killing targeted Arıkan based on his nationality, for that reason, Sassounian was given no chance of parole.
His judicial expenses were once paid by Armenian Revolutionary Federation (ARF) using funds raised for this purpose.
Parole
In 2002, prosecutors agreed to drop the "national origin" special circumstance of the case, making Sassounian eligible for parole, in exchange for his admitting his guilt and formally apologizing. "I participated in the murder of Kemal Arıkan. I renounce the use of terrorist tactics to achieve political goals. I regret the suffering of the Arıkan family."
The California Prison Parole Board rejected Sassounian's demands of release in 2006, 2010 and 2013. The California Board of Parole granted parole to Sassounian on 14 December 2016. Turkey's Ministry of Foreign Affairs condemned the decision of his release and Turkish American groups urged the California Governor to deny parole. California Governor Jerry Brown denied the parole in May 2017, vetoing the board's decision. In a statement, Brown said he believes Sassounian would still pose "an unreasonable danger to society if released," adding that "[t]he killing was a deliberate, planned assassination of a diplomat, plotted at least two weeks in advance."
Similarly, on 27 December 2019, the California Board of Parole approved the release of Sassounian. California's new governor Gavin Newsom reversed the parole decision on 25 May 2020, despite a collective plea of the Pan-Armenian Council of the Western United States asking Newsom for the release of Sassounian.
Governor Newsom eventually granted Sassounian's release. In his 2020 executive report, he wrote that he had considered the circumstances that shaped Sassounian's life when determining whether he should be paroled. The governor pointed to "significant challenges in his family of origin, including the consequences of intergenerational trauma, poverty, and instability resulting from the Armenian genocide in which Mr. Sassounian's family members were killed."
Secretary of State Antony Blinken expressed disappointment in the parole decision: "Attacking a diplomat is not only a grave crime against a particular individual, it is also an attack on diplomacy itself. To ensure the safety of the dedicated U.S. diplomats serving around the world, it has been the longstanding position of the United States to advocate that those who assassinate diplomats receive the maximum sentence possible, and that they serve those sentences without parole or early release."
On the October 29, 2021, the ARF Western Region informed the public that Sassounian has arrived in Armenia, implying that he is free.
Personal life
Sassounian was born on January 1, 1963 in Beirut, Lebanon. He hails from a family of Lebanese Armenian émigrés.
See also
Gourgen Yanikian
Notes
American assassins
American people of Armenian descent
American people of Lebanese descent
American people convicted of murder
People convicted of murder by California
American prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by California
Living people
Armenian assassins
People from Beirut
Lebanese people of Armenian descent
1963 births
The National Library of Russia (NLR, ), located in Saint Petersburg, is the first, and one of three national public libraries in Russia. The NLR is currently ranked among the world's major libraries. It has the second biggest library collection in the Russian Federation, a treasury of national heritage, and is the All-Russian Information, Research and Cultural Center. Over the course of its history, the Library has aimed for comprehensive acquisition of the national printed output and has provided free access to its collections. It should not be confused with the Russian State Library, located in Moscow.
It is known as the Imperial Public Library from 1795 to 1917; Russian Public Library from 1917 to 1925; State Public Library from 1925 to 1992 (since 1932 named after M.Y. Saltykov-Shchedrin); NLR.
History
Establishment
The Imperial Public Library was established in 1795 by Catherine the Great. It was based on the Załuski Library, the famous Polish national library built by Bishop Załuski in Warsaw, which had been seized by the Russians in 1794 after the Partitions of Poland.
The idea of a public library in Russia emerged in the early 18th century but did not take shape until the arrival of the Russian Enlightenment. The plan of a Russian public library was submitted to Catherine in 1766 but the Empress did not approve the project for the imperial library until , eighteen months before her death. A site for the building was found at the corner of Nevsky Avenue and Sadovaya Street, right in the center of the Russian Imperial capital. The construction work began immediately and lasted for almost fifteen years. The building was designed in a Neoclassical style by architect Yegor Sokolov (built between 1796–1801).
The cornerstone of the foreign-language department came from the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth in the form of Załuski's Library (420,000 volumes), seized in part by the Russian government at the time of the partitions, though many volumes were lost en route to theft by Russian soldiers who sold them for profit. The Polish-language books from the library (numbering some 55,000 titles) were returned to Poland by the Russian SFSR in 1921.
For five years after its foundation, the library was run by Comte Marie-Gabriel-Florent-Auguste de Choiseul-Gouffier. The stocks were arranged according to a specially compiled manual of library classification. In 1810, Emperor Alexander I approved Russia's first library law stipulating, among other things, that two legal copies of all printed matter in Russia be deposited in the Library.
The Library was to be opened for the public in 1812 but, as the more valuable collections had to be evacuated because of Napoleon's invasion, the inauguration was postponed for two years.
Undercount Alexander Stroganov, who managed the library during the first decade of the 19th century, the Rossica project was inaugurated, a vast collection of foreign books touching on Russia. It was Stroganov who secured for the library some of its most invaluable treasures, namely the Ostromir Gospel, the earliest book written in the Old East Slavic dialect of Church Slavonic (which was to eventually develop into the Russian language), and the Hypatian Codex of the Russian Primary Chronicle. He, along with other bibliophiles, also reviewed the collection of manuscripts and letters brought by Peter P. Dubrowsky (1754-1816) who had stayed in the diplomatic service for more than 20 years outside the fatherland. Based on the review, Stroganov recommended to Alexander I the creation of a manuscript depot. Alexander decreed the creation of such a department on February 27, 1805, and named Dubrowsky as the first keeper of the depot of manuscripts.
1814–1917
The Imperial Public Library was inaugurated on in the presence of Gavrila Derzhavin and Ivan Krylov. Over 100 thousand titles were issued to the visitors in the first three decades, and the second Library building (designed by Carlo Rossi) facing the Catherine Garden was erected between 1832-1835 to accommodate the growing collections.
The library's third, and arguably most famous, director was Aleksey Olenin (1763–1843). His 32-year tenure at the helm, with Sergey Uvarov serving as his deputy, raised the profile of the library among Russian intellectuals. The library staff included prominent men of letters and scholars like Ivan Krylov, Konstantin Batyushkov, Nikolay Gnedich, Anton Delvig, Mikhail Zagoskin, Alexander Vostokov, and Father Ioakinf, to name but a few.
Librarianship progressed to a new level in the 1850s. The reader community grew several times, enlarged by common people. At the same time, many gifts of books were offered to the library. Consequently, collection growth rates in the 1850s were five times higher than the annual growth rate of five thousand new acquired during the first part of the century. In 1859, Vasily Sobolshchikov prepared the first national manual of library science for the library entitled Public Library Facilities and Cataloguing. By 1864, the Public Library held almost 90 per cent of all Russian printed output.
The influx of new visitors required a larger reading room in the new building closing the library court along the perimeter (designed by Sobolshchikov, built in 1860—62). The visitors were offered such novelties as continuous reading room service by library staff members, a reference desk, printed catalogues and guide books, lists of new acquisitions, and longer hours of service in the reading room (10 a.m. to 9 p.m).
An avalanche-like growth of attendance persisted in the second part of the 19th century. Library cards and attendance grew tenfold between 1860 and 1913. The public principle triumphed when the class barriers maintained until the mid-19th century were abolished and the petty bourgeois, peasants and even women were often seen among the visitors. Women were also employed by the Library but only as volunteer members rather than formal staff.
From 1849 to 1861 the library was managed by Count Modest von Korff (1800–76), who had been Alexander Pushkin's school-fellow at the Lyceum. Korff and his successor, Ivan Delyanov, added to the library's collections some of the earliest manuscripts of the New Testament (the Codex Sinaiticus from the 340s), the Old Testament (the so-called Leningrad Codex), and one of the earliest Qur'ans (the Uthman Qur'an from the mid-7th century).
The Library's role was adapted to changing conditions requiring close contacts with universities, scientific societies, leading research centers and major international libraries. The Public library engaged eminent scholars and cultural workers, and research groups were formed to study precious books and manuscripts.
The Library continued to build a comprehensive collection of national publications. The growing collections were located in a new building (designed by E.S. Vorotilov, 1896—1901). By 1913, the Library held one million Russian books (total collections comprising three million titles), emerging as one of the world's great libraries and the richest manuscript collection in Russia.
20th century
In the aftermath of the Russian Revolution, the institution was placed under the management of Ernest Radlov and Nicholas Marr, although its national preeminence was relinquished to the Lenin State Library in Moscow. The library was awarded the Order of the Red Banner of Labour in 1939 and remained open during the gruesome Siege of Leningrad. In 1948, the Neoclassical campus of the Catherine Institute on the Fontanka Embankment (Giacomo Quarenghi, 1804–07) was assigned to the library. By 1970, the Library contained more than 17,000,000 items. The modern building for the book depository was erected on Moskovsky Prospekt in the 1980s and 1990s.
The National Library began a large-scale digitization project at the end of the 20th century by taking part in the Library of Congress project Meeting on Frontiers. By 2012 the Library, along with its counterpart in Moscow, had around 80,000 titles available electronically.
Looting during World War II
After the end of the Second World War, millions of German art objects, books and archival materials were brought to the Soviet Union. Some of these cultural assets were returned to the former GDR in the 1950s. However, to this day, among other things, there are still more than 200,000 works of art, three million books and archival material with a length of three shelf kilometers in German provenance in Russia.
References
Bibliography
Stuart, Mary. A Potent Lever for Social Progress': The Imperial Public Library in the Era of the Great Reforms". Library Quarterly (1989): 199–222. .
Stuart, Mary. "The Evolution of Librarianship in Russia: The Librarians of the Imperial Public Library, 1808–1868". Library Quarterly (1994): 1–29. .
Stuart, Mary. "Creating Culture: The Rossica Collection of the Imperial Public Library and the Construction of National Identity". Libraries & culture (1995): 1–25. .
Stuart, Mary. "Creating a National Library for the Workers' State: The Public Library in Petrograd and the Rumiantsev Library Under Bolshevik Rule". Slavonic and East European Review 72.2 (1994): 233–258. .
In Russian
История Государственной ордена Трудового Красного Знамени Публичной библиотеки имени М. Е. Салтыкова-Щедрина. — Ленинград: Лениздат, 1963. — 435 с., [15] л. ил.
История Библиотеки в биографиях её директоров, 1795—2005 / Российская национальная библиотека. — Санкт-Петербург, 2006. — 503, [1] с.: ил. — .
External links
Official site of the library
Russian National Library on the Fontanka Embankment
Russian National Library on the Moscow Prospect
The personal library of Voltaire as exhibited in the RNL
1795 establishments in the Russian Empire
Carlo Rossi buildings and structures
Deposit libraries
Libraries established in 1795
Libraries in Saint Petersburg
Library buildings completed in 1814
Russia
Nevsky Prospekt
Public libraries
World Digital Library partners
Cassella AG, formerly Leopold Cassella & Co. and Cassella Farbwerke Mainkur AG, commonly known as Cassella, was a German chemical and pharmaceutical company with headquarters in Frankfurt am Main. Founded in 1798 in the Frankfurt Jewish Alley by Leopold Cassella, Cassella operated as an independent company until 1995 and was one of many predecessor companies of today's Sanofi. Its main products were dyes, drugs, cosmetics and various other chemical products. From 1949 Cassella focused increasingly on pharmaceuticals and cosmetics rather than its former primary focus, dyes. Much of its history is closely associated with the Gans family, a prominent family of industrialists and philanthropists and former owners of Cassella.
History
The company was founded as a spice store inside the Frankfurt Jewish Alley in 1798 by the Jewish businessman Leopold Cassella and his brother-in-law Isaac Elias Reiss, and was originally named Cassel & Reiss. In its early years, the company focused on importing luxury goods from India, China and South America, and Cassel and Reiss also founded a sugar refinery in 1812.
Himself childless, Cassella accepted Ludwig Aaron Gans as a partner in 1828, and the company became known as Leopold Cassella & Co. Gans was married to Cassella's niece, and the Gans family rose to great prominence as industrialists and philanthropists in Frankfurt in the following century. The family converted from Judaism to Protestantism in the late 19th century and several family members were ennobled. In the 19th century, Cassella primarily traded with dye. In 1870, Friedrich and Leo Gans founded a dye factory at Mainkur in Fechenheim with their brother-in-law Bernhard Weinberg and the chemist August Leonhardt, called Frankfurter Anilinfarbenfabrik von Gans und Leonhardt. In 1894 the dye factory was merged with the Leopold Cassella & Co. dye wholesale company.
The Cassella dye factory was the largest employer of Fechenheim, employing around 3,000 people by 1914, and was the world's largest producer of synthetic dyes by the turn of the century. In 1900, Arthur Weinberg established a pharmaceutical division of the company, and collaborated closely with his friend Paul Ehrlich, the founder of chemotherapy. In 1925 Cassella merged into the new IG Farben trust, with Cassella co-owners Leo Gans and Arthur von Weinberg joining its supervisory board. After World War II the company was reestablished as Cassella Farbwerke Mainkur AG and the rebuilding under Richard von Szilvinyi and Werner Zerweck's leadership proved very successful, making the company the "darling of the stock exchange" in the 1950s. In 1951, Cassella had already surpassed its prewar production. Pharmaceutical research was reestablished in 1949 , and a new laboratory was built. From 1949 the company focused increasingly on pharmaceuticals rather than its traditional primary focus, dyes. The company had around 2,000 employees by the early 1950s and initially had the same shareholders as BASF, Bayer and Hoechst. In the mid 1950s BASF, Bayer and Hoechst bought the controlling majority with 25.1% each, while the remaining shares were owned by smaller shareholders. In 1970 Hoechst acquired the shares of BASF and Bayer. The company name was changed to Cassella AG in 1978.
Cassella operated as a separate company until 1995, when it was integrated in Hoechst and the smaller Cassella shareholders bought out. The Cassella cosmetics department was discontinued and the Cassella cosmetics subsidiary Jade in Fechenheim was sold to L'Oréal. In 1999 Hoechst merged with Rhône-Poulenc to form the French-German company Aventis with headquarters in Strasbourg and the main research and production facilities in Frankfurt. In 2004 this company merged with Sanofi-Synthélabo to form Sanofi-Aventis, which was renamed Sanofi in 2011. Sanofi, headquartered in Paris, employs around 7,000 people in its Frankfurt office, which also includes Sanofi's largest research and development centre.
Cassella and its subsidiaries had around 2,800 employees as of 1993.
Bibliography
References
Pharmaceutical companies disestablished in 1995
Chemical companies of Germany
Defunct companies of Germany
Jewish German history
IG Farben
Sanofi
German companies disestablished in 1995
German companies established in 1798
Manufacturing companies established in 1798
Kathayariyathe is a 1981 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Mohan and produced by A. Raghunath. The film stars Srividya, Sukumaran, M. G. Soman and Ranipadmini in the lead roles. The film has musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Srividya as Geetha
Sukumaran as Vishnu
M. G. Soman as Viswanathan
Ranipadmini as Usha
Sai Kumar as Shaji
Reghu as Gopi
bahadoor as Raman Nair
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by M. D. Rajendran.
References
External links
Kathayariyathe on YouTube 1981
1981 films
1980s Malayalam-language films
The 2022 Dr McKenna Cup, known for sponsorship reasons as the Bank of Ireland Dr McKenna Cup, was a Gaelic football competition in the province of Ulster for county teams. It took place in January 2022.
The McKenna Cup was cancelled in 2021 due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Gaelic games. The 2022 tournament was initially cancelled, but then restored. As in 2020, only county teams will compete, with no college teams. The group draw took place on 15 December 2021. Monaghan were the winners, defeating Donegal in the final.
Competition Format
Group Stage
The nine teams are drawn into three sections of three teams. Each team plays the other teams in their section once, either home or away. Two points are awarded for a win and one for a draw. The points-ratio method (points for divided by points against) is used to determine the ranking of teams who are level on section points (as opposed to the more typical scoring differential).
Knock-out Stage
The winners of the three sections and the best of the runners-up in the three sections compete in the semi-finals with the two winners meeting in the final. Drawn games are decided by penalty shoot-out without any extra time being played.
Group stage
Section A
Section B
Section C
Ranking of section runners-up
Knock-out stage
Semi-finals
Final
References
Dr McKenna Cup seasons
Saʿīd ibn al-ʿĀṣ al-Umawī () (died 678/679) was the Muslim governor of Kufa under Caliph Uthman () and governor of Medina under Caliph Mu'awiya I (). Like the aforementioned caliphs, Sa'id belonged to the Umayyad clan of the Quraysh.
During his governorship of Kufa, Sa'id led military campaigns in Azerbaijan and near the Caspian Sea. However, he had to contend with dissent from some of the Kufan elite, led by Malik ibn al-Ashtar. The dissent was largely driven by Sa'id and Uthman's policy of consolidating ownership of the productive Sawad lands of Iraq into the hands of the Quraysh and Muslim veterans from Medina. Sa'id had the dissidents exiled, but during a visit to Medina, rebels in Kufa led by Yazid ibn Qays al-Arhabi took control of the city.
After his ouster from Kufa, Sa'id aided in the defense of Uthman's house from attack by Egyptian rebels, but Uthman was killed nonetheless and Sa'id was wounded. He declined to fight alongside the Banu Umayya and Aisha against Caliph Ali (r. 656–661) during the First Fitna, an act for which he was favorably remembered in Islamic historiography. He was appointed governor of Medina by the Umayyad caliph Mu'awiya I in 669, but replaced by Marwan ibn al-Hakam in 674. Sa'id then retired to his estate outside the city where he died. One of his sons, Amr al-Ashdaq, succeeded him as leader of his clan.
Origins, early life and family
Sa'id was the only son of his father, al-As ibn Sa'id ibn al-As ibn Umayya, a pagan warrior of the Quraysh who was killed by the early Muslims in the Battle of Badr in 624. His uncle was Khalid ibn Sa'id, Amr ibn Sa'id, Aban ibn Sa'id, and Ubayda ibn Sa'id. They belonged to the A'yas grouping within the Banu Umayya (Umayyads), a sub-clan of the Quraysh. Sa'id was likely an infant when his father was slain. His grandfather Abu Uhayha Sa'id ibn al-As (d. 622/23) was a ruler in Mecca and, in deference to his status among the Quraysh, was referred to as dhū al-tāj (owner of the crown) and no Meccan wore a turban the same color as his, though he was not a formal king. Sa'id's mother, Umm Kulthum bint Amr, was also a Qurayshite, and his maternal grandmother Umm Habib bint al-As was the sister of Abu Uhayha.
According to the historian Clifford Edmund Bosworth, Sa'id "speedily achieved great prestige in Islam not only as the leader of an aristocratic family group, but also for his liberality, eloquence and learning". He gained particular favor under his kinsman, Caliph Uthman (). Probably around 652–654, Uthman appointed Sa'id to help canonize the modern-day Qur'an, a task he shared with Abd Allah ibn al-Zubayr, Abd al-Rahman ibn al-Harith and Zayd ibn Thabit. Sa'id married two of Uthman's daughters, Maryam al-Sughra and Umm Amr. From the latter, he had his sons Dawud, Sulayman al-Akbar, Uthman al-Asghar, Mu'awiya and daughter Amina, while from Maryam al-Sughra he had his son Sa'id. He also married Umm al-Banin bint al-Hakam, a sister of Marwan ibn al-Hakam, another member of the Banu Umayya, who bore him his eldest son, Uthman al-Akbar, and sons Amr al-Ashdaq, Muhammad, Umar, Abd Allah al-Akbar and al-Hakam.
From his wife Umm Habib bint Jubayr ibn Mut'im he had his son Abd Allah al-Asghar, from his wife al-Aliyya bint Salama he had Yahya and Ayyub, from Juwayriyya bint Sufyan he had his sons Aban, Khalid and al-Zubayr, from A'isha, a daughter of Jarir ibn Abd Allah al-Bajali, he had his son Jarir and daughter Umm Sa'id, from Umayma bint Amir al-Bajaliyya he had his daughters Ramla, Umm Uthman and Umayma, from a certain Bint Salama ibn Qays he had his son Ibrahim, from his wife Umm Habib bint Buhayr he had his daughter A'isha al-Saghira and from Umm Salama bint Habib he had his son Sulayman al-Asghar. From various slave women (ummahat awlad; singular umm walad) unnamed in the sources, he had his sons Anbasa and Utba, and daughters Hafsa, A'isha al-Kabira, Umm Amr, Umm Yahya, Fatikha, Umm Habib al-Kabira, Umm Habib al-Saghira, Umm Kulthum, Sara, Umm Dawud, Umm Sulayman, Umm Ibrahim and Humayda.
Governor of Kufa
In 649/650, Sa'id was appointed governor of Kufa, replacing al-Walid ibn Uqba. During his tenure, his military reputation was boosted by campaigns in Azerbaijan and near the Caspian Sea. However, from the start, he faced issues with the Kufan elite, which consisted of Arab tribal settlers, Muslim veterans from the Battle of Qadisiyya and the qurra (Qur'an reciters). Many among the elite were incensed by Uthman's seizure of the conquered lands of the Sasanian royals and nobility in Iraq, which he planned to distribute to the tribesmen of Quraysh and certain men from Medina, in exchange for their properties in the Arabian Peninsula. Those two groups made up the early settlers in Kufa, who took part in the conquest of Iraq. By the time of Uthman, a large influx of newcomers from Arabia moved to Kufa and the Sawad, reducing the collective profits of the early settlers and prompting Sa'id to send a complaint about the crisis to Uthman in 651. Uthman's policy was meant to be a solution to this situation and stood in stark contrast to Caliph Umar (), under whom the Sawad lands were collectively held by the Muslim community. The newcomers were not able to benefit from the proposed land exchange since most did not own property elsewhere.
Sa'id pursued Uthman's policy and stated "the Sawad [of Iraq] is the garden of Quraysh", i.e. that the land was to be owned by his tribe. According to 8th-century historian Sayf ibn Umar, troubles came to a head when a certain young man of the Banu Asad, Abd al-Rahman ibn Hubaysh, remarked in the presence of Sa'id and the Kufan elite that Sa'id should take possession of the Sawad's lands. This aroused the anger of Malik ibn l-Ashtar and the qurra. The young man's father insisted the remark was innocent, but al-Ashtar believed Sa'id had the event staged to justify the impending property confiscations. Ibn Hubaysh and his father were severely beaten, prompting the Banu Asad to besiege Sa'id's residence demanding retribution. Sa'id calmed the tribesmen and strongly condemned the actions of the qurra. With Uthman's sanction, the ten leading Kufan dissenters, including al-Ashtar, were exiled to Syria.
Uthman summoned Sa'id to Medina for consultations regarding the state of the caliphate in 655. During his absence, the qurra and other dissidents led by a certain Yazid ibn Qays al-Arhabi and Ibn al-Ashtar seized control of Kufa, preventing Sa'id from returning at the end of the year. Forced to return to Medina, he was replaced by Abu Musa al-Ash'ari, who was favored by the rebels.
Later life
Sa'id took part in the defense of Uthman's house when it was besieged by Egyptian rebels in 656. The caliph was ultimately killed and Sa'id was wounded in the attack. In the aftermath, he was set to join Aisha, Talha ibn Ubayd Allah and Zubayr ibn al-Awwam in their pursuit of vengeance over Uthman's death. However, he refused to fight alongside them against Uthman's successor, Caliph Ali () at the Battle of the Camel. Instead, he settled in Mecca. Despite not participating in the war with Ali, Caliph Mu'awiya I (), a leading opponent of Ali, appointed Sa'id governor of Medina in 669. He replaced Marwan ibn al-Hakam until the latter was reappointed to the post in 674.
Afterward, Sa'id moved back to his estates at Wadi al-Aqiq near Medina. He died there, at the al-Arsa estate, in 678/679. Despite being a member of the Banu Umayya, his good relations with the Banu Hashim (the family of Muhammad and Ali) and his refusal to fight against Ali contributed to his positive image in later Islamic historiography. He was survived by some fourteen of his sons, including Amr al-Ashdaq, who became the leader of his family until his execution in 689 for revolting against the Umayyad caliph Abd al-Malik (). Nothing is known about his sons from Caliph Uthman's daughters, other than the descendants of Uthman al-Asghar lived in Kufa. Amina was later wed and divorced by the Umayyad prince Khalid ibn Yazid. Sa'id's sons Yahya and Anbasa were involved in al-Ashdaq's rebellion against Abd al-Malik, but were both pardoned after the intercession of the caliph's brother Abd al-Aziz. Anbasa later became a close aide of the practical viceroy of Iraq, al-Hajjaj ibn Yusuf. Sa'id's daughter Umm Uthman married, in succession, Sa'id ibn Khalid ibn Amr, a great-grandson of Caliph Uthman, and the Umayyad prince Abd Allah ibn Yazid.
Notes
References
Bibliography
679 deaths
7th-century Arabs
Banu Umayya
Generals of the Rashidun Caliphate
People from Medina
Rashidun governors of Kufa
Umayyad governors of Medina
The global viral pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) was confirmed to have reached the British Overseas Territory of the British Virgin Islands in March 2020.
Background
On 12 January 2020, the World Health Organization (WHO) confirmed that a novel coronavirus was the cause of a respiratory illness in a cluster of people in Wuhan City, Hubei Province, China, which was reported to the WHO on 31 December 2019.
The case fatality ratio for COVID-19 has been much lower than SARS of 2003, but the transmission has been significantly greater, with a significant total death toll. From 19 March, Public Health England no longer classified COVID-19 as a "High consequence infectious disease".
Timeline
March 2020
On 25 March, the British Virgin Islands confirmed its first two cases of COVID-19. One of the patients was a 56-year-old male resident who travelled from Europe on 15 March. Patient B was a 32-year-old male resident who travelled recently from New York City and came into contact with a person who tested positive for COVID-19 on 8 March.
April 2020
On 9 April, the British Virgin Islands announced a Territory-wide lockdown.
On 18 April, the first death from COVID-19 was recorded in the territory. On 27 April, the Minister of Health Carvin Malone announced that the island would buy medical supplies from non-US sources after the US Customs seized $12,000 worth of COVID-19 medical supplies. The shipment had been released on 16 April.
On 19 April, the Territory-wide 24 hour lockdown is extended by seven days.
On 30 April, the Government announced a voucher scheme to provide food for needy families.
May 2020
The WHO reportedly classified the BVI as having "sporadic" infections on 7 May.
On 8 May, the Territory recorded its eighth infection - representing the "peak" of infections so far.
On 26 May, Health Authorities announced that there are zero confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the Territory. However they warn that "the fight is not over".
July 2020
On 30 July the Government issued a further curfew order (the 25th of the year) further extending the curfew relating to COVID-19 until 13 August. The curfew is from midnight to 6am.
August 2020
After a lengthy period during which the Territory was COVID-19 free, a ninth positive case was announced on 1 August.
On 3 August the Government issued a directive barring work permit holders and work permit exempt persons from returning to the Territory indefinitely.
On 14 August the Government ended the curfew which had been in place for five months.
Two new cases were diagnosed on 17 August.
A further nine new cases were diagnosed on 21 August, leading the Government to reimpose curfew restrictions. The rise in infections was blamed by the Government on people re-entering the Territory illegally from the neighbouring U.S. Virgin Islands to evade mandatory quarantine restrictions.
A further five new cases were announced on 25 August, and the Government reimposed a partial lockdown in the Territory on 26 August. A further nine new cases were announced on 28 August, effectively trebling the total number of cases in just a few days.
September 2020
The British Virgin Islands imposed territory-wide 1301-0500 daily curfew from 2–16 September. Only workers in essential and critical services are exempt from the curfew. The curfew was extended to 1 October and included a ban on boats entering or leaving the territory without permission, confirmed cases stand at 71.
October 2020
As no new cases had been reported and there were no active cases, businesses could re-open, including bars; however, a midnight to 5 am curfew continued until 22 October.
November 2020
One new case taking total to 72 with the one death.
Lockdown
Like many countries, the British Virgin Islands imposed restrictions on movement of citizens, and limited international access into and out of the Territory, to try to control the spread of the virus.
The BVI initially imposed a three-day 24-hour lockdown from 8 pm on March 27 to 6 am on April 2. This was then extended for a further period of two weeks from April 2, and then it was further extended by an additional seven days, ultimately ending on April 25 after thirty days. That was replaced with a 17-hour curfew, and residents could only leave their homes from 6 am to 1 pm.
On May 10, the extensive curfew was replaced by a more moderated curfew from 7 pm to 6 am. Two days before it expired, the curfew was extended until June 6.
Public beaches were opened (subject to restrictions) on May 10.
Borders were closed until June 2, but persons travelling to the Territory were required to spend 14 days in quarantine after arrival.
See also
Caribbean Public Health Agency
2020 in the Caribbean
Influx of disease in the Caribbean
HIV/AIDS in Latin America
2013–2014 chikungunya outbreak
2009 swine flu pandemic
2019–2020 dengue fever epidemic
COVID-19 pandemic in North America
References
Virgin Islands
Coronavirus pandemic
2021 in the British Virgin Islands
2022 in the British Virgin Islands
British Virgin Islands
Disease outbreaks in the British Virgin Islands
Xiong Dezhi (born 29 April 1988) is a Paralympian athlete from China competing mainly in T38 classification sprint events. Xiong represented her country at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, where she a silver as part of the women's 4 × 100 m relay (T35-38). She also competed in the 100m and 200m (T38) sprint events, just finishing outside the medals in fourth position in both.
Personal history
Xiong was born in Yunnan, China in 1988. She has cerebral palsy.
Notes
Paralympic athletes of China
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic silver medalists for China
Living people
1988 births
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Chinese female sprinters
Runners from Yunnan
Paralympic medalists in athletics (track and field)
The Indestructibles is an unreleased arcade strategy video game developed by Bullfrog Productions. The game would have had players control a superhero or a team of superheroes to do battle with super villains.
The game was originally titled MIST - My Incredible Superhero Team, and was cancelled because Bullfrog were unable to obtain a Marvel licence.
Gameplay
The Indestructibles takes place in the early 20th century, and puts the player in control of a superhero or a team of superheroes to compete against super-villains in a 3D city. The player could have designed a character and its abilities, and had the option of being good or evil. Funding is granted by organisations depending on which side the player chooses: for example, the government if good and from whoever is willing to pay the most if evil. Money is used to research faster and more powerful superheroes and weapons.
According to Computer Gaming World, the action would have been based on physics rather than rules, and players would have been able to play as super-villains.
Development
MIST - My Incredible Superhero Team, was in development by July 1995 and set for release in November. It used Bullfrog's Skeletal Mapping (a technique with which a skeleton's actions are calculated by a computer, rather than the artist drawing every possible animation a character could perform) to make it possible for players to create superheroes, according to Peter Molyneux. Edge stated that the game featured a "fully modelled" city, textured polygon characters, and a Pentium mode that runs at 30 frames per second. The development of the original demo was headed by Glenn Corpes, with Fin McGechie in charge of graphics. This was completed in around three days, with McGechie taking a prototype Dungeon Keeper engine and constructing a city in Hi-Octane editor. The collision detection and multiplayer were taken from Magic Carpet.
The game had been renamed to The Indestructibles by February 1996, and was produced by Sean Cooper. At this time, PC Zone said the game looked "so damn impressive", and because of this, Cooper would give the magazine monthly reports on its development. He stated that he had "very strong views" on how he would have liked it to look, and that he wanted it done his own way and "nothing like it has ever been done before". The game was originally had a futuristic setting, but Cooper decided that he wanted a brighter and more colourful environment for daytime settings and a "dull monochrome" appearance for night-time. He said the latter was important because it creates atmosphere and that he did not want it to look like anything else. The game was of Molyneux's design. In his second report, Cooper said they had done "a helluva lot"on the game. This included "sorting out" the character movement, module linking, and ensuring the graphics and sound worked. Cooper stated that he was "supremely confident" the game would be great, and that they were seeking an animation house to do cartoon animation, which he wanted to be very colourful. By this time, Andy Nuttall had been hired as the game's Assistant Producer. In his third report, he stated that he was taking a year off, and the game was expected to be released in autumn (fall) 1997. He said that all of Bullfrog's other lead programmers were doing other projects, and therefore the continuation of programming would be delayed until one had been completed.
Of the characters, Cooper said that the cars and the player's team members were to be created using vector graphics, and the civilians using "a mixture of sprites". He said that vectors were useful because they enable the characters to be more flexible and they use less memory, which he said was useful because the game was being developed for the Sony PlayStation and Sega Saturn. By late 1995, the Saturn version's expected release date was mid 1996.
Cooper also stated that he was "working hard" to make The Indestructibles an impressive multiplayer game, and that he wanted to the BT Wireplay network. According to Génération 4, The Indestructibless artificial intelligence featured "very powerful" algorithms that analysed the player's combat techniques and countered them.
By August 1998, the game's engine had been completely revamped, and the setting was no longer the 1920s. The game was focused at 3D hardware, and had an engine capable of "displaying enormous levels". The level scripting language was descended from Creations.
Artist Fin McGhie said that development was not smooth and that it eventually become apparent that it would be unlikely to be completed. He left to form Mucky Foot Productions and The Indestructibles was rebooted, but that also "didn't work out". According to Corpes, The Indestructibles was cancelled because Marvel Comics threatened to intervene if any of the game's superheroes resembled any of theirs. According to Bullfrog designer Alex Trowers, the game was cancelled due to the lack interest in designing superheroes and an inability to obtain a Marvel licence. Corpes said the game "would have been cool", and Molyneux said it "was a really nice game idea".
References
Cancelled PlayStation (console) games
Cancelled Sega Saturn games
Bullfrog Productions games
Superhero video games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Video games set in the 20th century
Ewa Ośniecka-Tamecka (born 24 December 1962 in Łódź) is a Polish politician, in the years from 2006 to 2007 the Secretary of State at the Office of the Committee for European Integration, since 2007, Vice-Rector of the College of Europe in Natolin (Warsaw), Poland.
Ewa Ośniecka-Tamecka dedicated her career to work in Polish public administration. In the years 1991-2001 and 2006-2007 she successfully combined work in the most important organs of the government and established in Poland branches of three major European educational and training institutions: the College of Europe, the European University Institute in Florence and the European Institute of Public Administration in Maastricht.
Family
She was born on 24 December 1962 as Ewa Ośniecka. In 1990 she married Grzegorz Tamecki with whom she has three children, Łukasz, Tomasz and Zofia.
Education and professional career
In 1981 she finished her studies at the High School No. 26 in the city of Łódź (presently the Krzysztof Kamil Baczyński High School No. 26).
She then graduated from the Faculty of Economics and Sociology at the University of Łódź, obtaining Master's degrees from the Department of Foreign Trade in 1987 and from the Department of Trade in Goods and Services in 1988.
From 1988 to 1991 she worked as a teaching assistant at the University of Łódź.
In 1991 she was appointed Advisor to the Minister in the Office of the Government Plenipotentiary for European Integration and Foreign Assistance in the then Office of the Council of Ministers, the present Chancellery of the Prime Minister of Poland.
From 1992 to 1996 she held the post of Chief of Staff of the Office of the Government Plenipotentiary for European Integration and Foreign Assistance, as well as the post of Director of the Phare SIERRA Management Unit.
Since 1993 Ewa Ośniecka-Tamecka has been Member of the Council of Natolin European Centre, a Polish think-tank conducting research focusing on foreign policy and European integration. Between 1997-2001 she was the Director of the foundation and since 2001 she has served as Secretary General of the board of the Natolin European Centre. Since 1994 she has been Member of the Council of the European Institute in Łódź.
From 2000 to 2001 she was Head of the Political Cabinet of the President of the Committee for European Integration.
From 1 March 2006 to 31 May 2006 she held the position of Undersecretary of State at the Office of the Committee for European Integration.
From 13 April 2006 to 16 August 2007 she was Secretary of the Committee for European Integration and Vice-President of the European Committee of the Polish Council of Ministers. From 31 May 2006 to 16 August 2007 she was also Secretary of State at the Office for European Integration (Polish Minister for European Affairs) and Head of the Committee for European Integration.
In 2006-2007 she was the Polish negotiator (i.e. sherpa) in the preparation of the Treaty of Lisbon.
From 2006 to 2007 she served as Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Poland before the Court of Justice of the EU.
Since September 2007 she has been serving as Vice-Rector of the College of Europe in Natolin, Warsaw.
In 2008 she became a member of the Steering Committee (i.e. the Wise Men Group) of the European Investment Bank (EIB), created by the Council of the European Union to review the EIB external mandate.
Between 2010 and 2016 Ewa Ośniecka-Tamecka was Member of the Council and Vice-President of the Cooperation Fund Foundation.
In 2016-2017, she was Member of the Governing Board of the European Humanities University in Vilnius.
Awards
Knight of the Order of the Legion of Honour (French Republic), 2006
Commander of the Order of the Crown (Belgium) (Kingdom of Belgium), 2013
Commander of the Order of Leopold (Belgium) (Kingdom of Belgium), 2016
References
Bibliography
Marek A. Cichocki, Charles Życzkowski, Institutional Design and Voting Power in the European Union, , Ashgate Publishing Limited, 2010, pp. 283–292
Dorota Pietrzyk-Reeves (ed.), The Identity of the Old Continent and the Future of the European Project, , UKIE, Warsaw 2007, pp. 253–258, 310-311
Poland Will Not Be Alone in the Union (Jacek Pawlicki's interview with Ewa Ośniecka-Tamecka, Head of UKIE), Gazeta Wyborcza, ISSN 0860-908X (5 April 2007), World section, p. 14
The New System is a Greater Cohesion in the EU (Wojciech Lorenz's interview with Ewa Ośniecka-Tamecka, Head of UKIE), Rzeczpospolita, ISSN (21 May 2007)
Ewa Ośniecka-Tamecka, Pierwiastek jest (naj)lepszy, Gazeta Wyborcza, ISSN 0860-908X (22 June 2007)
Ewa Ośniecka-Tamecka, What kind of European Union does Poland need? All free, all equal, Polski Przegląd Dyplomatyczny (Polish Diplomatic Review) nr 1(67)2016, Polski Instytut Spraw Międzynarodowych (The Polish Institute of International Affairs
External links
College of Europe
University of Łódź
European Union
Polish economists
Polish women economists
University of Łódź alumni
University of Łódź faculty
Commanders of the Order of the Crown (Belgium)
1962 births
Living people
Salihiyya (, ) is a tariqa (order) of Sufi Islam prevalent in Somalia and the adjacent Somali region of Ethiopia. It was founded in the Sudan by Sayyid Muhammad Salih (1854-1919). The order is characterized by a puritanism typical of other revivalist movements.
History
The order ultimately traces its origins back to the Sufi scholar of Moroccan origin Ahmad ibn Idris al-Fasi (1760-1837). His followers and students spread al-Fasi's teachings across the globe. Among his students was Ibrahim ibn Salih ibn ‘Abd al-Rahman al-Duwayhi (1813-1874), known as al-Rashid. In his native Sudan, al-Rashid popularized the teachings of al-Fasi, eventually establishing his own tariqa, the Rashidiyya. Having been at al-Fasi's side when he died, al-Rashid was recognized as the successor to his teacher, and the Rashidiyya found many followers in Mecca. His nephew, Sayyid Muhammad Salih, was one of them; he spread the Rashidiyya to the Sudan and Somalia, establishing his own eponymous branch, the Salihiyya. (However, the order continues to be known as the Rashidiyya in the Sudan.) A former slave, Muhammad Guled (d. 1918), was instrumental in popularizing the Salihiyya in the Jowhar region of Somalia, while Isma'il ibn Ishaq al-Urwayni spread it in the Middle Juba region. Related orders also spread to Malaysia.
The Salihiyya order, like the closely related Idrisiyya, Rashidiyya, and Sanusiyya orders, is a revivalist reform movement and historically was staunchly opposed to the Qadiriyya order (which is the largest and longest-established in Somalia), taking issue with the Qadiri doctrine of tawassul (intermediation). While the Qadiriyya upheld the traditional Sufi belief in the power of intercession held by dead saints, the Salihiyya maintained that only living saints held this power. The Salihiyya was also militantly anti-colonial. Mohammed Abdullah Hassan, a Salihiyya shaykh and poet, spread the Salihiyya (particularly in Ogaden) and led an armed anticolonial resistance movement in the Horn of Africa under the auspices of the order.
Present
The Salihiyya remains one of the largest Sufi orders in Somalia, after the Qadiriyya. The opposition between the Salihiyya and the Qadiriyya has also endured into the postcolonial period.
Bibliography
Scott Steven Reese: Urban Woes and Pious Remedies: Sufism in Nineteenth-Century Benaadir (Somalia). Africa Today, Vol. 46, No. 3–4, 1999, pp. 169–192.
Notes
Sufi orders
Sufism
Islam in Somalia
Islam in Africa
Sufism in Africa
Catherine Sinclair (17 April 1800 – 6 August 1864) was a Scottish novelist and children's writer, who departed from the moralising approach common in that period. She is credited with discovering that the author of the initially anonymous Waverley Novels was Sir Walter Scott.
Life
Catherine Sinclair was born at 9 Charlotte Square in Edinburgh on 17 April 1800, the fourth daughter of Lady Diana Macdonald and Sir John Sinclair, 1st Baronet. The family lived at 6 Charlotte Square from around 1810, moving later to 133 George Street.
Sinclair was her father's secretary from the age of 14 until his death in 1835. From 1814 to 1818 she lived at Ormeley Lodge, Ham. She was an aunt of the novelist Lucy Bethia Walford.
Sinclair then began to write independently, her first works being children's books, prompted by an interest in her nephew, the Hon. George Boyle, 6th Earl of Glasgow. Her story of two anarchic children, in Holiday House: A Book for the Young, successfully engaged the imagination of young readers. It was a popular and notable example of the genre for departing from the moralising approach of other works for children in that period. It also encapsulates a fantasy tale of fairies and giants.
On children's literature, Sinclair remarks in a preface, "But above all we never forget those who good humouredly complied with the constantly recurring petition of all young people in every generation, and in every house, — 'Will you tell us a story?'"
Sinclair's activities in Edinburgh included charitable works such as the establishment of cooking depots in old and new Edinburgh, and the maintenance of a mission station at the Water of Leith. She was instrumental in securing seats for crowded thoroughfares, and she set the example in Edinburgh of instituting drinking fountains, one of which bore her name and stood at the city's West End before it was removed as an obstruction to trams in 1926. Sinclair is also noted as being the discoverer of Sir Walter Scott's authorship of "The Waverley Novels" which were originally written anonymously.
Catherine Sinclair died on 6 August 1864 at Kensington Vicarage, the residence of her brother, Archdeacon John Sinclair, and was interred in the burial ground of St John's Episcopal Church, Edinburgh. Her portrait was drawn in crayons by James Archer, RSA (cf. Cat. Third Loan Exhib. No. 620). She was unmarried.
Siblings
Sir George Sinclair, 2nd Baronet, John Sinclair (1797–1875), and William Sinclair (1804–1878) were her brothers.
Recognition
A monument, in the style of an Eleanor cross was designed by David Bryce, and sculpted by John Rhind. It was erected to her memory on the southeast corner of St Colme Street in Edinburgh's New Town (just north of Charlotte Square), close to her childhood home.
The inscription reads, "She was a friend of all children and through her book 'Holiday House' speaks to them still." The monument was modelled loosely on the Scott Monument, to which she had been a major contributor of funds.
Works
Miss Sinclair wrote brightly and wittily, and displayed much skill in characterisation and description, Several of her books were popular in America.
Undated and early works of Miss Sinclair's are Charlie Seymour; Lives of the Cæsars, or the Juvenile Plutarch; Holiday House: A Book for the Young (written in 1839 and once very popular with children); Modern Superstition; and Memoirs of the English Bible,
Her other principal works are
Modern Accomplishments, or the March of Intellect, a study of female education, 1836
Modern Society; or, The March of Intellect. The Conclusion of Modern Accomplishments, 1837
Hill and Valley; or, Hours in England and Wales, 1838
Shetland and the Shetlanders, or the Northern Circuit, 1840
Scotland and the Scotch, or the Western Circuit, 1840 (republished in America, and translated into various languages)
Modern Flirtations, or a Month at Harrowgate, 1841
Scotch Courtiers and the Court, 1842
Jane Bouverie, or Prosperity and Adversity, 1846
The Journey of Life, 1847
The Business of Life, 1848
Sir Edward Graham, or Railway Speculators, 1849
Lord and Lady Harcourt, or Country Hospitalities, 1850
The Kaleidoscope, or Anecdotes and Aphorisms, 1851
Beatrice, or the Unknown Relatives, 1852
Popish Legends, or Bible Truths, 1852
London Homes, 1853
Cross Purposes, 1853
The Cabman's Holiday, 1855
Torchester Abbey, 1857
Anecdotes of the Cæsars, 1858
Sketches and Short Stories of Scotland and the Scotch, and Shetland and the Shetlanders, 1859
Sketches and Short Stories of Wales and the Welsh, 1860
References
"Sinclair, Catherine" British Authors of the Nineteenth Century H. C. Wilson Company, New York, 1936
Gazetteer for Scotland
Attribution
External links
Catherine Sinclair page on Rosslyntemplars.org
19th-century Scottish writers
1800 births
1864 deaths
Scottish children's writers
Scottish women novelists
Writers from Edinburgh
19th-century British women writers
19th-century Scottish novelists
Daughters of baronets
Captain Kidder Randolph Breese USN (14 April 1831 – 13 September 1881) was an officer in the United States Navy during the Mexican–American War and the American Civil War.
Early life and career
Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Breese was appointed a U.S. Navy midshipman in November 1846 and served in the sloop of war during the remainder of the war with Mexico. Sea duty continued until October 1851, when he was assigned to the Naval Academy to prepare for examination. Warranted a passed midshipman in June 1852, Breese took part in Commodore Matthew C. Perry's expedition to Japan for the next three years.
In mid-1855, while serving with the Coast Survey, he was promoted to the ranks of master and lieutenant. He served in the sloop of war in 1858 and 1859, during the Paraguay Expedition, and off Panama. Lieutenant Breese's next duties were as an officer of the sloop of war , off Africa, in 1860, and of the steamer from mid-1860 until late 1861.
Civil War service
While he was serving on the San Jacinto, the Civil War began. He was present when she stopped the British steamship and removed two Confederate agents, an incident that provoked a brief crisis in U.S. relations with Great Britain, known as the Trent Affair.
From late 1861 Breese commanded part of the flotilla of mortar schooners that helped capture New Orleans in April 1862.
Promoted to lieutenant commander in mid-1862, he served with Rear Admiral David Dixon Porter on the Mississippi River and off the Atlantic Coast for most of the rest of the conflict, distinguishing himself during the Siege of Vicksburg, commanding 2000 sailors and Marines in the successful land assault on Fort Fisher, and as Porter's Fleet Captain.
Post-war service
After the war, Breese held various commands both afloat and ashore. Beginning in September 1865, Breese spent a year as Assistant to the Naval Academy's Superintendent, achieving the rank of commander while in that post.
During the later 1860s and into 1870 he served on Navy boards and had ordnance duty at the Washington Navy Yard, Washington, D.C. In 1870–1872 he commanded the steam sloop in European waters.
He was Inspector of Ordnance at New Orleans for several months in 1872–1873, followed by two years as Commandant of Midshipmen at the Naval Academy, and as Inspector of Hydrography. Breese was promoted to captain in 1874.
From mid-1875 until early 1879 he commanded the Torpedo Station at Newport, Rhode Island, and had special ordnance duty. He was Commanding Officer of the steam sloop , the Pacific Squadron flagship, in 1879 and 1880 and, in 1881, was a member of the Board of Harbor Commissioners.
Breese died at Newport, Rhode Island, on 13 September 1881. He is buried in the Island Cemetery in Newport.
Legacy
The United States Navy has honored Breese's memory in several ways. The destroyer was named for him, as was a street at the Washington Navy Yard.
References
1831 births
1881 deaths
Union Navy officers
United States Navy personnel of the Mexican–American War
Military personnel from Philadelphia
United States Navy officers
People of Pennsylvania in the American Civil War
Rollover (also known as flameover) is a stage of a structure fire when fire gases in a room or other enclosed area ignite. Since heated fire gases, the product of pyrolysis, rise to the ceiling, this is where a rollover phenomenon is most often witnessed. Visually, this may be seen as flames "rolling" across the ceiling, radiating outward from the seat of the fire to the extent of gas spread.
Rollover is not the same as flashover, although it may precede it, and the terms may be confused. In the case of rollover, only gases present in the room, not the room contents, ignite.
External links
Term of the week: Flameover
Pictures
http://www.ci.frisco.tx.us/departments/fire/PublishingImages/Training%20Center%20-%20Living%20Room%20Flashover.jpg
https://web.archive.org/web/20111008023759/http://www.firecontrolservices.co.uk/large_imgs/structural3.htm
http://www.nyc.gov/html/fdny/images/home_specific/feature_photos/2009/379x250_031909a2.jpg
References
External links
Firefighting
Types of fire
Thermodynamics
Combustion
"Uptown Anthem" is a 1992 song by hip-hop group Naughty by Nature. It was made for the soundtrack for the movie Juice. Naughty by Nature rapper Treach had a cameo acting role in the movie. Rapper 2Pac, who stars in the film, is featured in the video.
The song peaked at No. 27 on the Hot Rap Singles chart and No. 58 on the Hot R&B Singles chart. It was also included as the final track and the last single from the group's 1991 debut album Naughty by Nature.
Jermaine Dupri sampled "Uptown Anthem" for the Jagged Edge track "Shady Girl" from the album Hard.
Rapper Tupac Shakur sampled the song for his "Intro/Bomb First (My Second Reply)".
The song appeared in the 2016 video game Watch Dogs 2.
References
1991 songs
1992 singles
Naughty by Nature songs
Tommy Boy Records singles
Hardcore hip hop songs
Songs written by Treach
Songs written by KayGee
Songs written by Vin Rock
Song recordings produced by Naughty by Nature
The 2001–02 Munster Rugby season was Munster's first season competing in the Celtic League, alongside which they also competed in the Heineken Cup. It was Declan Kidney's fourth season in his first spell as head coach of the province.
2001–02 squad
2001–02 Celtic League
Pool B Table
Quarter-final
Semi-final
Final
2001–02 IRFU Interprovincial Championship
Celtic League pool matches between Irish provinces count towards the Interprovincial Championship.
2001–02 Heineken Cup
Pool 4
Quarter-final
Semi-final
Final
Friendlies
References
External links
2001–02 Munster Rugby season official site
2001–02 Munster Rugby Heineken Cup
2001-02
2001–02 in Irish rugby union
The spot-necked babbler (Stachyris strialata) is a species of bird in the family Timaliidae.
It is found in China, Indonesia, Laos, Myanmar, Thailand, and Vietnam. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70–291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
spot-necked babbler
Birds of Hainan
Birds of Laos
Birds of Sumatra
Birds of Thailand
Birds of Southeast Asia
spot-necked babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
David Allen Laycock (2 September 1947 – 16 September 2008) was an English professional cricketer. He played for Kent County Cricket Club between 1969 and 1973.
Laycock was born at Woolwich in east London in 1847. He first played for Kent's Second XI in 1966 and went on to make his first-class cricket debut in August 1969 against Leicestershire at Canterbury. After making five appearances for the First XI in 1969, including one in the John Player League, Laycock appeared infrequently for the side in the coming years. He made a total of 10 first-class and five List A appearance for Kent between his debut and his final match in August 1973, playing as a batsman and occasional wicket-keeper in a strong Kent side which won the County Championship in 1970 and one-day trophies in each season between 1972 and 1974.
Despite playing 69 matches for the Second XI, including scoring runs during 1974, Laycock was released by Kent at to endow the 1974 season. He became a postman, although he continued to coach cricket.
Laycock died at Eastbourne in Sussex in September 2008 after a long battle with brain cancer. He was 61.
Notes
References
External links
1947 births
2008 deaths
English cricketers
Kent cricketers
People from Woolwich
Sportspeople from London
Caitlin Cronin (born 22 March 1995) is an Australian national representative rower. She is a national champion, won a silver medal at 2017 World U23 Championships and is an Olympian. She stroked the Australian women's quad scull at Tokyo 2021 to a bronze medal.
Club and state rowing
Raised in Queensland, Cronin's Australian club rowing has been from the Brisbane & GPS Rowing Club in Brisbane and the University of Queensland Boat Club.
Cronin made her first state representative appearance for Queensland in the 2014 youth eight which contested and won The Bicentennial Cup at that year's Interstate Regatta. In 2015 she again represented in the Queensland women's youth eight. She first made the Queensland women's senior eight in 2016 and rowed in those crews contesting the Queen's Cup at the Interstate Regattas in 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2022.
She stroked the 2018 Queensland crew. In 2021 she won the silver medal as the Queensland representative to race for the Nell Slatter Trophy - the women's single scull event at the Interstate Regatta.
Cronin contested U23 Australian national titles in all three sculling boat classes at the 2016 and 2017 Australian Rowing Championships. She won the U23 national championship in the quad in 2016 and in a double scull in 2017. She raced in the open class in UQBC colours from 2018 placing 2nd in the double-scull in both 2018 and 2021. In 2021 she won her first Australian senior national title in a composite quad with her Australian representative teammates Meredith, Hudson and Thompson.
International representative rowing
Cronin made her Australian representative debut at the 2016 World Rowing U23 Championships in Rotterdam where she rowed in the Australian quad scull to a sixth-place finish.
In 2017 she was selected in the Australian senior quad scull with Rowena Meredith, Leah Saunders and Genevieve Horton and they won medals at two World Rowing Cups in Europe. With Harriet Hudson changed out for Saunders they were eligible to compete underage and raced to a silver medal at the World Rowing U23 Championships in Plovdiv, Bulgaria. Saunders came back into the crew for the 2017 World Rowing Championships in Sarasota, Florida. The young crew took on a tightly packed field in the final at Sarasota and were fourth at the halfway mark with Poland in the lead followed by The Netherlands. As the crews sprinted for the line, the Australian quad featuring three senior team debutantes other than Horton, dropped back and finished in sixth place.
Cronin and the quad stayed together into 2018 with Olympia Aldersey changed out for Saunders. At the 2018 World Rowing Cup II in Linz, they rowed to a bronze medal and then a sixth placing at the WRC III in Lucerne At the 2018 World Rowing Championships in Plovdiv they finished in seventh place
Cronin was out of the Australian quad in 2019 when they raced at World Cups and the World Championships and failed to qualify the boat for Tokyo. Before those delayed Tokyo Olympics at the final Olympic qualification regatta in Lucerne, Switzerland in May 2021 Cronin was back in the boat with Meredith, Harriet Hudson and Ria Thompson. They raced as Australian representative heavyweight quad, making a final attempt to qualify that boat. Victory in their heat and final saw them secure an Olympic berth. In Tokyo Cronin stroked the Australian quad. They placed fourth in their heat and then won the repechage to make the A final.
They were behind the lead for much of the race but winds had blown up before the event and some crews struggled with their bladework in the chop. The Australian quad kept their composure and excellent technique and managed a bronze medal finish on the line.
References
1995 births
Australian female rowers
Living people
People from Queensland
Olympic rowers of Australia
Rowers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Australia
Olympic medalists in rowing
21st-century Australian women
Big Timers is a 1945 American musical comedy race film directed by Bud Pollard. The bottom of a poster for the film notes "The secrets of a chambermaid in a Sugar Hill Hotel!"
The film features a love story.
Cast
Stepin Fetchit
Francine Everett
Lou Swarz
Gertrude Saunders
Tarzana as The Whoopie Dancer
Milton Woods
Duke Williams
Walter Earle
Ed Hunter
Rocky Brown
References
External links
1945 films
1945 musical comedy films
American musical comedy films
American short films
African-American films
African-American comedy films
African-American musical films
Race films
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Sun City Festival is an age-restricted master-planned community in Maricopa County, Arizona, located within the city boundary of northern Buckeye, Arizona. It is approximately 10 miles west of Surprise, Arizona. It was developed by PulteGroup, the company responsible for the other prominent retirement communities in Arizona and California, including the original Sun City, Sun City West, and Sun City Grand, which are nearby. Both Sun City Festival and Festival Foothills are part of the much larger Festival Ranch.
References
External links
Sun City Festival Homeowners Association
Retirement communities
Del E. Webb buildings
Edward Lewis Lee Jr. (born 1934) is an American prelate of the Episcopal Church who served as the seventh Bishop of Western Michigan between 1989 and 2002.
Early life
Lee was born in 1934 in Fort Washington, Pennsylvania. He graduated from Brown University with a Bachelor of Arts in 1956. He then studied at the General Theological Seminary, graduating in 1959 with a Master of Divinity. He was ordained deacon on May 9, 1959 by Bishop Oliver J. Hart of Pennsylvania, and priest on November 14, 1959 by Bishop J. Gillespie Armstrong Suffragan of Pennsylvania.
Career
Between 1959 and 1964, he served as curate at the Church of the Holy Trinity in Philadelphia. In 1964 he became the Episcopal Advisor of the University Christian Movement of Temple University, retaining the post till 1973. He also served as Sunday and pastoral assistant at the Church of the Annunciation in Philadelphia, parish consultant at St. Peter's Episcopal Church of Germantown, and lecturer in homiletics at the Philadelphia Divinity School. Between 1970 and 1973, he also served as the national chairperson of the Episcopal Peace Fellowship and between 1973 and 1982, Lee was rector of St James' Church in Florence, Italy. He also served as a deputy to General Convention representing the Convocation of Episcopal Churches in Europe, in 1976 and 1979. In 1982, he became rector of St John's Church, in Washington, D.C., where he served until 1989.
Bishop
Lee was elected Bishop of Western Michigan on June 3, 1989 in the Cathedral Church of Christ the King, and consecrated on October 7, 1989. He retired on July 1, 2002, and later served as Assisting Bishop in the Diocese of Pennsylvania until 2017.
References
Episcopal bishops of Western Michigan
1934 births
Living people
Brown University alumni
General Theological Seminary alumni
People from Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
Harold Holzer (born February 5, 1949) is a scholar of Abraham Lincoln and the political culture of the American Civil War Era. He serves as director of Hunter College's Roosevelt House Public Policy Institute. Holzer previously spent twenty-three years as senior vice president for public affairs at The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York before retiring in 2015.
Early life and education
Holzer was born on February 5, 1949, in Queens, New York to Charles and Rose Holzer, a construction contractor and homemaker, respectively. He attended Queens College of the City University of New York where he earned a bachelor of arts in 1969. Holzer married Edith Spiegel, a writer/publicist, in 1971. They had two children, Remy and Meg. Holzer is Jewish.
Career
Holzer began his career as a newspaper reporter and then editor of The Manhattan Tribune. He then served as press secretary to Congresswoman Bella S. Abzug (both on Capitol Hill and in campaigns for the U.S. Senate and mayor of New York), press secretary to 1977 mayoral candidate Mario Cuomo, a government speechwriter for New York City Mayor Abraham D. Beame, and for six years as public affairs director for WNET. From 1984 through 1992 Holzer worked in the administration of Governor Mario Cuomo (with whom he co-edited the 1990 book, Lincoln on Democracy).
In 1992, Holzer joined The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York as chief communications officer. He was elevated to vice president in 1996 and senior vice president for public affairs in 2005 with responsibilities over government affairs, multi-cultural development, admissions, and visitor services. He remains a trustee of The Metropolitan Museum representing the New York City Comptroller. Since 2015, Holzer has served as director of Hunter College's Roosevelt House Public Policy Institute.
History and Lincoln scholarship
In his work as a historian Holzer has authored, co-authored, and edited more than 52 books, and contributed more than 550 articles to magazines and journals, plus chapters and forewords for 60 additional books. Many of his works have received awards, including the Gilder Lehrman Lincoln Prize and four other awards in 2015 for his book Lincoln and the Power of the Press.
Holzer served for nine years as co-chairman of the United States Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Commission (ALBC), appointed to the commission by President Bill Clinton in 2000 and elected co-chair by his fellow commissioners. In June 2010, he was elected chairman of the ALBC's successor organization, The Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Foundation, which he led through 2016. Holzer has served as president of the Lincoln Group of New York, on the board of directors of the Abraham Lincoln Association and New York's Civil War Round Table, and on the editorial advisory boards of The Lincoln Herald, American Heritage, and Civil War Times. He was the founding vice chairman of The Lincoln Forum and currently serves as chairman. From 2012 to 2015, Holzer served as a Roger Hertog Fellow at the New-York Historical Society. In 2016-17 he served as Distinguished Visiting Scholar at The Zahava and Moshael Straus Center for Torah and Western Thought at Yeshiva University. He was also a script consultant to the Steven Spielberg film, Lincoln, and wrote the official young readers' companion book to the movie.
A frequent guest on television, Holzer has appeared on C-SPAN's Washington Journal and its 2009 documentary special on The White House. He has also appeared on The History Channel, PBS, The Today Show, Bill Moyers Journal, CBS Sunday Morning, Morning Joe, The Lou Dobbs Show, History Detectives, and The Charlie Rose Show. C-SPAN has broadcast Holzer's stage presentation "Lincoln Seen and Heard" with Sam Waterston and "Grant Seen and Heard" with Richard Dreyfuss among many others. In February 2005, President and Mrs. Bush hosted a special Lincoln's birthday-eve performance of "Lincoln Seen and Heard" with Holzer and Waterston, telecast live from the White House. During the Lincoln bicentennial, he appeared on such documentaries as "Stealing Lincoln's Body," "The Lincoln Assassination," "Looking for Lincoln," and "Lincoln: American Mastermind." Holzer is featured in Sean Conant's documentary film, The Gettysburg Address, alongside Matthew Broderick, Laura Bush, and Tom Brokaw.
Holzer also lectures throughout the country, and has curated seven museum exhibitions, including three shows of Lincoln art at the former Lincoln Museum in Fort Wayne, Indiana. He served as chief historian for the exhibition "Lincoln and New York" at the New-York Historical Society, October 2009-March 2010, and "Lincoln and The Jews," March–June 2015, also at the New-York Historical Society. He also co-organized "The First Step to Freedom," a multicity, sesquicentennial exhibition of Lincoln's original Preliminary Emancipation Proclamation, which debuted at the Schomburg Library in Harlem on September 22, 2012. He has performed, throughout the nation, stage programs entitled "Lincoln Seen and Heard," "The Lincoln Family Album," "Lincoln in American Memory," and "Grant Seen and Heard"—combining period pictures with authentic words—with such actors as Sam Waterston, Liam Neeson, Richard Dreyfuss, Stephen Lang, Holly Hunter, André De Shields, Anna Deavere Smith, Annette Bening, Alec Baldwin, F. Murray Abraham, and Dianne Wiest. His most recent programs are "The Real Lincoln-Douglas Debates" with Norm Lewis and Stephen Lang, performed at The Metropolitan Museum of Art and telecast on C-SPAN; and "Lincoln's Shakespeare" with Waterston, Lang, Kathleen Chalfant, Fritz Weaver, and John Douglas Thompson and performed in 2013 and 2014 at The Century Association and The Berkshire Playhouse. Holzer's programs have been staged at such venues as the White House, the George H. W. Bush Presidential Library, the William J. Clinton Presidential Library, Lincoln Center in New York, The Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Library of Congress, the Lincoln Association of Los Angeles, The Lincoln Forum at Gettysburg, Ford's Theatre, site of the Lincoln assassination, and the U.S. Capitol.
Awards
In 2008, Holzer received the National Humanities Medal from President Bush and The Lincoln Medal of Honor from the Lincoln Society of Springfield, Illinois, the state's highest honor. He also won a second-place 2005 Lincoln Prize (for Lincoln at Cooper Union). For his 2008 book Lincoln President-Elect, Holzer received awards from The Lincoln Group of New York, The Civil War Round Table of New York, and The Illinois State Historical Society. His young readers' book, Father Abraham: Lincoln and His Sons, won the first James Robertson Jr. Award for Civil War Children's Literature from The Civil War Round Table of New York. He has also won lifetime achievement awards from The Civil War Round Tables of New York, Chicago, and Kansas City, and from Lincoln groups in Washington and New York. He won the DAR History Award Medal in 2012. In 2013, he wrote the Lincoln-Emancipation essay for the official program for the re-inauguration of President Barack Obama. Holzer's book Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion won not only the Lincoln Prize but also the Mark Lynton History Prize from the Columbia University School of Journalism, the Goldsmith Book Prize from The Shorenstein Center on Media, Politics, and Public Policy at Harvard's Kennedy School, and The Hazel Dicken-Garcia Award for Distinguished Scholarship in Journalism History.
Works
1984: The Lincoln Image: Abraham Lincoln and the Popular Print with Mark E. Neely, Jr. and Gabor S. Boritt
1985: Changing the Lincoln Image with Neely and Boritt
1987: The Confederate Image: Prints of the Lost Cause with Neely and Boritt
1990: Lincoln on Democracy, co-edited with Mario M. Cuomo)
1990: The Lincoln Family Album with Neely
1993: Mine Eyes Have Seen the Glory: The Civil War in Art with Neely
1993: The Lincoln-Douglas Debates: The First Complete, Unexpurgated Text
1993: Washington and Lincoln Portrayed: National Icons in Popular Prints
1993: Dear Mr. Lincoln: Letters to the President
1996: Witness to War
1996: The Civil War Era
1998: The Lincoln Mailbag: America Writes to the President
1999: The Union Preserved with Daniel Lorello
1999: The Lincoln Forum: Abraham Lincoln, Gettysburg, and the Civil War (co-edited with John Y. Simon and William Pederson)
1999: Lincoln as I Knew Him: Gossip, Tributes, and Revelations from His Best Friends and Worst Enemies
2000: The Union Image: Prints of the Civil War North with Neely
2000: Lincoln Seen and Heard
2000: Abraham Lincoln, The Writer (named to the Children's Literature Choice List, and the Bank Street "Best Children's Books of the Year")
2001: Prang's Civil War Pictures: The Complete Battle Chromos of Louis Prang
2002: State of the Union: New York and the Civil War
2002: The Lincoln Forum: Rediscovering Abraham Lincoln (co-edited with John Y. Simon)
2004: The President is Shot! The Assassination of Abraham Lincoln
2004: Lincoln at Cooper Union: The Speech That Made Abraham Lincoln President
2005: Lincoln in the Times: The Life of Abraham Lincoln as Originally Reported in the New York Times (co-edited with David Herbert Donald, St. Martin's Press)
2006: The Battle of Hampton Roads (co-edited with Tim Mulligan)
2006: The Emancipation Proclamation: Three Views, with Edna Greene Medford and Frank J. Williams
2006: Lincoln Portrayed: In the Collections of the Indiana Historical Society
2007: Abraham Lincoln Revisited (co-edited with Simon and Dawn Vogel)
2007: Lincoln and Freedom: Slavery, Emancipation, and the Thirteenth Amendment (co-edited with Sarah Vaughn Gabbard)
2007: Lincoln's White House Secretary: The Adventurous Life of William O. Stoddard
2008: Lincoln President-Elect: Abraham Lincoln and the Great Secession Winter, 1860-1861
2009: The Lincoln Anthology: Great Writers on His Life and Legacy from 1860 to Now
2009: In Lincoln's Hand: His Original Manuscripts with Commentary by Distinguished Americans.
2009: The Lincoln Assassination Conspirators: Their Confinement and Execution, as Recorded in the Letterbook of John Frederick Hartranft (co-edited with Edward Steers, Jr.)
2009: Lincoln and New York
2010: The Lincoln Assassination: Crime & Punishment, Myth & Memory (co-edited with Craig L. Symonds and Frank J. Williams)
2010: The New York Times Civil War (co-edited with Craig L. Symonds with an introduction by President Bill Clinton)
2011: Father Abraham: Lincoln and His Sons
2011: Lincoln on War
2011: Hearts Touched by Fire: The Best of Battles and Leaders of the Civil War
2011: The Living Lincoln (co-edited with Thomas A. Horrocks and Frank J. Williams)
2012: Emancipating Lincoln: The Proclamation in Text, Context, and Memory 2012: Lincoln: How Abraham Lincoln Ended Slavery in America 2013: Abraham Lincoln, Defender of Freedom (editor)
2013: 1863: Lincoln's Pivotal Year (co-edited with Sara Gabbard)
2013: The Civil War in 50 Objects 2014: Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion 2015: President Lincoln Assassinated!!: The Firsthand Story of the Murder, Manhunt, Trial, and Mourning, Compiled and Introduced by Harold Holzer
2015: Exploring Lincoln: Great Historians Reappraise Our Greatest President (co-edited with Craig L. Symonds and Frank J. Williams)
2015: 1865: America Makes War and Peace in Lincoln's Final Year 2015: A Just and Generous Nation: Abraham Lincoln and the Fight for American Opportunity (with Norton Garfinkle)
2016: The Annotated Lincoln (co-edited with Thomas Horrocks)
2019: Monument Man: The Life and Art of Daniel Chester French 2020: The Presidents vs. the Press: The Endless Battle between the White House and the Media—from the Founding Fathers to Fake NewsHonors
1984, 1990, 1993, 2005, 2009, 2015: Barondess Award of the Civil War Round Table of New York
1988: Diploma of Honor from Lincoln Memorial University
1988, 1993, 2004, 2009: Award of Achievement from the Lincoln Group of New York
1988: George Washington Medal from the Freedom Foundation
1989: Writer of Distinction Award from the International Reading Association
1992: Honorary Doctorate in Humane Letters from Lincoln College
1993: Award of Superior Achievement from the Illinois State Historical Society
1996: Manuscript Society of America award for Dear Mr. Lincoln 2000: Newman Book Award of the American Historical Print Collectors Society for The Union Image 2002: Nevins-Freeman Award of The Civil War Round Table of Chicago
2006: Honorary degrees by Illinois College and University of Massachusetts Dartmouth
2006: The Lincoln Group of The District of Columbia's annual award of achievement
2008: The Bell I. Wiley Prize for Lifetime Achievement from the Civil War Round Table of NY
2008: The National Humanities Medal from President George W. Bush
2009: Honorary Degree (Doctor of Humane Letters) from Bard College
2009: President's Medal from Queens College, CUNY
2009: Inducted as a Laureate of The Lincoln Academy of Illinois and awarded the Order of Lincoln (the State's highest honor) by the Governor of Illinois in 2009 Bicentennial Laureate.
2010: Lincoln Medal of Honor, Lincoln Society, Springfield, Illinois
2010: Awards for Lincoln and New York exhibition from The Civil War Round Table of New York, The Lincoln Group of New York, and The Victorian Society.
2010: Barondess Award, The Civil War Round Table of New York, for Lincoln President-Elect''
2011: James Robertson Jr. Award for Civil War Children's Literature, Civil War Round Table of New York
2012: DAR History Award Medal
2012: Honorary Degree (Doctor of Humane Letters), Centre College, Danville, KY
2015: Lincoln Group of New York Achievement Award
2015: Harry S. Truman Award from The Civil War Round Table of Kansas City
2015: Gilder Lehrman Lincoln Prize
2015: Hazel Dicken-Garcia Award for Distinguished Contributions to Journalism History
2015: Mark Lynton History Prize, Columbia University School of Journalism
2015: Goldsmith Prize from The Shorenstein Center on Media, Politics, and Public Policy, Kennedy School at Harvard University
2015: Boyd County High School chapter of the Rho Kappa National Social Studies Honor Society named Harold Holzer Scholar Award in Holzer's honor.
References
External links
Official Site of Harold Holzer
Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Commission
Booknotes interview with Holzer on The Lincoln-Douglas Debates, August 22, 1993.
In Depth interview with Holzer, June 6, 2004
C-SPAN Q&A interview with Holzer on Lincoln President-Elect: Abraham Lincoln and the Great Secession Winter, 1860-1861, November 9, 2008
1949 births
Abraham Lincoln
American marketing people
American public relations people
Historians of Abraham Lincoln
Historians of the American Civil War
Living people
National Humanities Medal recipients
New York (state) Democrats
Lincoln Prize winners
Oscar Guttormsen (27 March 1884 – 15 January 1964) was a Norwegian athlete who specialized in the sprints, jumps and hurdles. He represented the sports club Ørnulf IF in Oslo.
He finished fourth in triple jump at the 1906 Summer Olympics. At the 1908 Summer Olympics he participated in several events, in addition to the triple jump where he finished fourteenth. Guttormsen ran in the second heat of the 100 metres, taking second place to John George to be eliminated. His time was 12.0 seconds. He advanced to the semifinals of the 200 metres after a walkover win in the preliminary heats. He placed fourth and last in his semifinal heat to not advance to the final. Finally, Guttormsen lost to George Nicol in the preliminary round of the 400 metres, not advancing to the semifinals. He was also eliminated in the heats of the 110 metres hurdles.
He became Norwegian champion in triple jump in 1905, 1907 and 1909, in the 100 metres in 1907 and 1908, in the 110 metres hurdles in the years 1906-1909, in the 400 metres in 1907 and 1908 long jump in 1907 and 1909, high jump in 1905, pole vault in 1907, pole jump in 1906 and shot put in 1908, but failed to become a medalist in Olympic games.
References
Sources
1884 births
1964 deaths
Norwegian male sprinters
Norwegian male triple jumpers
Norwegian male hurdlers
Athletes (track and field) at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Norway
Zilfa Estcourt (born Zilpha Eugenie Phillips, May 3, 1883 – December 17, 1959) was an American newspaper columnist and editor. Described variously as "the dean of west coast woman writers" and as being "to newspapers what Ethel Barrymore is to the stage," Estcourt was the women's editor at the Tacoma Tribune and San Francisco Chronicle.
Early life and career
On May 3, 1883, Zilpha Eugenie Phillips was born in Black River Falls, Wisconsin, the oldest of four children born to Thomas Henry Phillips and Emma Eugenie Jesse. Sometime between 1991 and 1900, the family relocated to Tacoma, Washington, and, in 1904, Pillips received a Bachelor of Art's degree from Whitworth College in Spokane. At that time, she was awarded a scholarship to the University of Chicago, where she earned her Master's degree the following year.
Death
On December 17, 1959, Estcourt, whose health had been failing since her retirement in 1949, died in a San Francisco nursing home.
References
Further reading
"Tacoma Girl Who Gained Distinction". The Tacoma Daily Ledger. May 15, 1904. p. 6
"Women's Club News". The Tacoma Daily Ledger. May 11, 1913. p. 32
“Anniversary Sale Items Intensely Interesting to the Thrifty; Better Babies contest Ends Saturday at 4:30”. The Tacoma Times. October 16, 1914. p. 8
"Washington State Federation of Women's Clubs; Chairmen of Committees". Official Register and Directory of Women's Clubs in America. 1916. p. 210
"Tacoma Tribune in New Home". The Fourth Estate. December 21, 1918. p. 21
Phillips, Zilfa (May 8, 1919). "Tacoman Declares Poisoner Insane". The Tacoma News Tribune. p. 1
Estcourt, Zilfa (September 30, 1923). "Biennial Looms Large on Club Horizon". San Francisco Chronicle. p. 6
"Divorce Set Aside, Ithacan's Second Marriage Bigamous". The Ithaca Journal. January 22, 1925. p. 5
"Reno Now Scene of Estcourt Suit". The Tacoma News Tribune. January 27, 1926. p. 1
Estcourt, Zilfa (April 15, 1926). "As a Woman Thinketh". Los Angeles Daily News. p. 17
Estcourt, Zilfa (April 19, 1926). "As a Woman Thinketh". Los Angeles Daily News. p. 11
Estcourt, Zilfa (September 6, 1934). "Ikebana Told to Garden Club; Illustrated talk Given by S.F. Women". Nichi Bei Shinbun. p. 8
"Estcourt, Well Known Writer, Passes in N. Y.". September 10, 1937.The Chico Enterprise. p. 8
"Zilfa Estcourt Describes the Press, Its Importance". The Santa Rosa Press Democrat. p. 5
Estcourt, Zilfa (September 28, 1946). "Earth, Sun, Sea Colors in West Coast Clothes". Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. p. 20
McClure, Kathryn (May 4, 1948). "Zilfa Estcourt Gives Talk on Women in Changing World". The Modesto Bee. p. 6
"Estcourt Funeral Tomorrow". The San Francisco Examiner. December 21, 1959. p. 35
1883 births
1959 deaths
20th-century American journalists
American women columnists
American women editors
Journalists from Wisconsin
University of Chicago alumni
Whitworth University alumni
Gladstone Murray Adams-Acton (known as Murray Adams-Acton) (1886–1971) was an English historian of art and architecture and interior designer of considerable flamboyance.
Adams-Acton was the son of the sculptor John Adams-Acton and his wife Marion (née Hamilton), better known as the writer Jeanie Hering.
He designed the dining room to Shirenewton Hall in 1910 and the interiors of a men's outfitter's shop, Swan & Edgar's in Piccadilly, renovating it before it reopened in 1927. Book Review Digest described him in 1930 as a "charming draftsman". He was also adept as a furniture designer and inventor, and made numerous items including a toaster. As an expert, he also authored numerous publications on design, such as Domestic Architecture and Old Furniture and The Genesis and Development of Linenfold Panelling (1945). He also produced work about ecclesiastical architecture in France. Adams-Acton was also a keen gardener, noted in particular for his rhododendron cultivation in the 1940s.
References
English art historians
English architectural historians
English interior designers
English furniture designers
1886 births
1971 deaths
English gardeners
Erich Buck (born 5 January 1949) is a German former ice dancer who competed for West Germany. With his sister Angelika Buck, he is the 1972 European champion, a four-time World medalist, and a six-time West German national champion.
Career
Angelika and Erich Buck were coached by Betty Callaway in Oberstdorf. They represented West Germany and the ERV Ravensburg club.
The Buck siblings were the first Germans to capture the European ice dancing title. They did so at the 1972 European Championships in Gothenburg, upsetting Lyudmila Pakhomova / Alexander Gorshkov. They also won three silver medals at Europeans and four medals at the World Championships (three silver and one bronze). They took gold at the West German Championships six times.
The Buck siblings invented the "Ravensburger Waltz", which became one of the ISU's compulsory/pattern dances. They debuted it at the 1973 German Championships.
Personal life
Erich Buck studied managerial economics at university in Munich. He manages an insurance office in his hometown, Ravensburg. He is married and has two children.
Results
References
Munzinger
Wochenblatt online
Skate Canada 2003 Ice Dance
Eissport Magazin 6/95, page 20
1949 births
Living people
German male ice dancers
People from Ravensburg
Sportspeople from Tübingen (region)
World Figure Skating Championships medalists
European Figure Skating Championships medalists
Rear Admiral James Meredith Helm (December 16, 1855 – October 28, 1927) was an American military officer in the United States Navy during the Spanish–American War.
Early life and education
Born at Grayville, Illinois, Helm graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1875.
Career
He served in various ships and abroad until the Spanish–American War, when he commanded the gunboat . In the blockade of Cuba, he captured a Spanish steamer and three contraband schooners, and was advanced five numbers in grade for outstanding performance at the Battle of Manzanillo on 30 June 1898. Helm subsequently commanded the and .
During World War I, Helm was Commandant of the 4th Naval District and received the Navy Cross for his achievements.
The destroyer was named for him.
Personal life
He retired December 16, 1919 and died October 28, 1927.
References
1855 births
1927 deaths
Recipients of the Navy Cross (United States)
United States Navy admirals
United States Naval Academy alumni
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
American military personnel of the Spanish–American War
United States Navy personnel of World War I
People from Grayville, Illinois
Military personnel from Illinois
The 2012 Guadiana Trophy was the 12th edition of the competition and took place between 26 and 28 July. It featured Braga, Newcastle United and Olympiacos. The trophy was won by Newcastle United after they drew their first game with Olympiakos and won their second game against Braga, who'd drawn their first game with Olympiakos.
Standings
Matches
2012–13
2012–13 in Portuguese football
2012–13 in English football
2012–13 in Greek football
Phrealcia eximiella is a species of moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found in Spain, France, Italy, Austria and Switzerland.
The wingspan is 16.5–17.5 mm.
References
External links
lepiforum.de
Ypsolophidae
Moths of Europe
Günther Marxer (born 3 June 1964) is a Liechtenstein former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics, 1988 Winter Olympics, and 1992 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1964 births
Living people
Liechtenstein male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Liechtenstein
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
The Lithuanian Men's Curling Championship () is the national championship of men's curling in Lithuania. It has been held annually since 2006 and organized by the Lithuanian Curling Association.
Championship is held in conjunction with Lithuanian Women's Curling Championship.
In 2013 championship was "absolute" - for men's, women's and mixed teams.
List of champions
Teams line-up in order: fourth, third, second, lead, alternate, coach; skips marked in bold.
References
See also
Lithuanian Women's Curling Championship
Richmond Valley Council (RVC) is a local government area on the Northern Rivers region of north-eastern New South Wales, Australia. RVC services an area of and draws its name from the Richmond River, which flows through most of the council area. The area under management is located adjacent to the Bruxner Highway, Pacific Highway, and the North Coast railway line.
It is a rural area for the most part, with most industries involving cattle and crop growing, such as sugar cane, wheat, and pecan plantation.
The mayor of the Richmond Valley Council is Cr. Robert Mustow, an independent politician.
History
Following a petition of 76 ratepayers, elections were held 22 March 1880 for the Casino Council. Tomki Shire Council merged with in 1976 to become the Richmond River Shire Council, which amalgamated with the Municipality of Casino into the Richmond Valley Council in February 2000.
Heritage listings
The Richmond Valley Council has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
High Conservation Value Old Growth forest
Towns and localities
Demographics
At the 2016 census, there were people in the Richmond Valley local government area, of these 49.5 per cent were male and 50.5 per cent were female. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people made up 6.6 per cent of the population, which was significantly higher than the national and state averages of 2.5 per cent. The median age of people in the Richmond Valley area was 42 years, which was marginally higher than the national median of 37 years. Children aged 0 – 14 years made up 20.8 per cent of the population and people aged 65 years and over made up 19.6 per cent of the population. Of people in the area aged 15 years and over, 47.6 per cent were married and 13.7 per cent were either divorced or separated.
Population growth in the Richmond Valley area between the and the was 4.9 per cent; and in the subsequent five years to the 2011 census, the population growth was 3.4 per cent. When compared with total population growth of Australia for the same periods, being 5.78 per cent and 8.32 per cent respectively, population growth in the Richmond Valley local government area was significantly lower than the national average. The median weekly income for residents within the Richmond Valley area was marginally lower than the national average.
At the 2011 census, the proportion of residents in the Richmond Valley local government area who stated their ancestry as Australian or Anglo-Celtic exceeded 86 per cent of all residents (national average was 65.2 per cent). In excess of 16 per cent of all residents in the Richmond Valley at the 2011 census nominated no religious affiliation, compared to the national average of 22.3 per cent. Meanwhile, affiliation with Christianity exceeded 66 per cent, which was significantly higher than the national average of 50.2 per cent. As at the census date, compared to the national average, households in the Richmond Valley local government area had a significantly lower than average proportion (3.3 per cent) where two or more languages are spoken (national average was 20.4 per cent); and a significantly higher proportion (93.8 per cent) where English only was spoken at home (national average was 76.8 per cent).
Council
Current composition and election method
Richmond Valley Council is composed of seven councillors, including the mayor, for a fixed four-year term of office. The mayor is directly elected while the six other councillors are elected proportionally as one entire ward. The most recent election was held on 10 September 2016, and the makeup of the council, including the mayor, is as follows:
The current Council, elected in 2012, in order of election by ward, is:
See also
Local government areas of New South Wales
References
Local government areas of New South Wales
Northern Rivers
2000 establishments in Australia
The exponential mechanism is a technique for designing differentially private algorithms. It was developed by Frank McSherry and Kunal Talwar in 2007. Their work was recognized as a co-winner of the 2009 PET Award for Outstanding Research in Privacy Enhancing Technologies.
Most of the initial research in the field of differential privacy revolved around real-valued functions which have relatively low sensitivity to change in the data of a single individual and whose usefulness is not hampered by small additive perturbations. A natural question is what happens in the situation when one wants to preserve more general sets of properties. The exponential mechanism helps to extend the notion of differential privacy to address these issues. Moreover, it describes a class of mechanisms that includes all possible differentially private mechanisms.
The exponential mechanism
Algorithm
In very generic terms, a privacy mechanism maps a set of inputs from domain to a range . The map may be randomized, in which case each element of the domain corresponds to a probability distribution over the range . The privacy mechanism makes no assumption about the nature of and apart from a base measure on . Let us define a function . Intuitively this function assigns a score to the pair , where and . The score reflects the appeal of the pair , i.e. the higher the score, the more appealing the pair is.
Given the input , the mechanism's objective is to return an such that the function is approximately maximized. To achieve this, set up the mechanism as follows:
Definition: For any function , and a base measure over , define:
Choose with probability proportional to , where .
This definition implies the fact that the probability of returning an increase exponentially with the increase in the value of . Ignoring the base measure then the value which maximizes has the highest probability. Moreover, this mechanism is differentially private. Proof of this claim will follow. One technicality that should be kept in mind is that in order to properly define they should be finite.
Theorem (differential privacy): gives -differential privacy.
Proof: The probability density of at equals
Now, if a single change in changes by at most then the numerator can change at most by a factor of and the denominator minimum by a factor of . Thus, the ratio of the new probability density (i.e. with new ) and the earlier one is at most .
Accuracy
We would ideally want the random draws of from the mechanism to nearly maximize . If we consider to be then we can show that the probability of the mechanism deviating from is low, as long as there is a sufficient mass (in terms of ) of values with value close to the optimum.
Lemma: Let and , we have is at most . The probability is taken over .
Proof: The probability is at most , as the denominator can be at most one. Since both the probabilities have the same normalizing term so,
The value of is at most one, and so this bound implies the lemma statement.
Theorem (Accuracy): For those values of , we have .
Proof: It follows from the previous lemma that the probability of the score being at least is . By hypothesis, . Substituting the value of we get this probability to be at least . Multiplying with yields the desired bound.
We can assume for to be less than or equal to one in all the computations, because we can always normalize with .
Example application of the exponential mechanism
Before we get into the details of the example let us define some terms which we will be using extensively throughout our discussion.
Definition (global sensitivity): The global sensitivity of a query is its maximum difference when evaluated on two neighbouring datasets :
Definition: A predicate query for any predicate is defined to be
Note that for any predicate .
Release mechanism
The following is due to Avrim Blum, Katrina Ligett and Aaron Roth.
Definition (Usefulness): A mechanism is -useful for queries in class with probability , if and every dataset , for , .
Informally, it means that with high probability the query will behave in a similar way on the original dataset and on the synthetic dataset .
Consider a common problem in Data Mining. Assume there is a database with entries. Each entry consist of -tuples of the form where . Now, a user wants to learn a linear halfspace of the form . In essence the user wants to figure out the values of such that maximum number of tuples in the database satisfy the inequality. The algorithm we describe below can generate a synthetic database which will allow the user to learn (approximately) the same linear half-space while querying on this synthetic database. The motivation for such an algorithm being that the new database will be generated in a differentially private manner and thus assure privacy to the individual records in the database .
In this section we show that it is possible to release a dataset which is useful for concepts from a polynomial VC-Dimension class and at the same time adhere to -differential privacy as long as the size of the original dataset is at least polynomial on the VC-Dimension of the concept class. To state formally:
Theorem: For any class of functions and any dataset such that
we can output an -useful dataset that preserves -differential privacy. As we had mentioned earlier the algorithm need not be efficient.
One interesting fact is that the algorithm which we are going to develop generates a synthetic dataset whose size is independent of the original dataset; in fact, it only depends on the VC-dimension of the concept class and the parameter . The algorithm outputs a dataset of size
We borrow the Uniform Convergence Theorem from combinatorics and state a corollary of it which aligns to our need.
Lemma: Given any dataset there exists a dataset of size such that .
Proof:
We know from the uniform convergence theorem that
where probability is over the distribution of the dataset.
Thus, if the RHS is less than one then we know for sure that the data set exists. To bound the RHS to less than one we need , where is some positive constant. Since we stated earlier that we will output a dataset of size , so using this bound on we get . Hence the lemma.
Now we invoke the exponential mechanism.
Definition: For any function and input dataset , the exponential mechanism outputs each dataset with probability proportional to .
From the exponential mechanism we know this preserves -differential privacy. Let's get back to the proof of the Theorem.
We define .
To show that the mechanism satisfies the -usefulness, we should show that it outputs some dataset with with probability .
There are at most output datasets and the probability that is at most proportional to . Thus by union bound, the probability of outputting any such dataset is at most proportional to .
Again, we know that there exists some dataset for which . Therefore, such a dataset is output with probability at least proportional to .
Let the event that the exponential mechanism outputs some dataset such that .
the event that the exponential mechanism outputs some dataset such that .
Now setting this quantity to be at least , we find that it suffices to have
And hence we prove the theorem.
The exponential mechanism in other domains
In the above example of the usage of exponential mechanism, one can output a synthetic dataset in a differentially private manner and can use the dataset to answer queries with good accuracy. Other private mechanisms, such as posterior sampling, which returns parameters rather than datasets, can be made equivalent to the exponential one.
Apart from the setting of privacy, the exponential mechanism has also been studied in the context of auction theory and classification algorithms. In the case of auctions the exponential mechanism helps to achieve a truthful auction setting.
References
External links
The Algorithmic Foundations of Differential Privacy by Cynthia Dwork and Aaron Roth, 2014.
Information privacy
Theory of cryptography
Applied probability
Differential privacy
In computing, a system virtual machine is a virtual machine that provides a complete system platform and supports the execution of a complete operating system (OS). These usually emulate an existing architecture, and are built with the purpose of either providing a platform to run programs where the real hardware is not available for use (for example, executing on otherwise obsolete platforms), or of having multiple instances of virtual machines leading to more efficient use of computing resources, both in terms of energy consumption and cost effectiveness (known as hardware virtualization, the key to a cloud computing environment), or both. A VM was originally defined by Popek and Goldberg as "an efficient, isolated duplicate of a real machine".
System virtual machines
System virtual machine advantages:
Multiple OS environments can co-exist on the same primary hard drive, with a virtual partition that allows sharing of files generated in either the "host" operating system or "guest" virtual environment. Adjunct software installations, wireless connectivity, and remote replication, such as printing and faxing, can be generated in any of the guest or host operating systems. Regardless of the system, all files are stored on the hard drive of the host OS.
Application provisioning, maintenance, high availability and disaster recovery are inherent in the virtual machine software selected.
Can provide emulated hardware environments different from the host's instruction set architecture (ISA), through emulation or by using just-in-time compilation.
The main disadvantages of VMs are:
A virtual machine is less efficient than an actual machine when it accesses the host hard drive indirectly.
When multiple VMs are concurrently running on the hard drive of the actual host, adjunct virtual machines may exhibit a varying and/or unstable performance (speed of execution and malware protection). This depends on the data load imposed on the system by other VMs, unless the selected VM software provides temporal isolation among virtual machines.
Malware protections for VMs are not necessarily compatible with the "host", and may require separate software.
Multiple VMs running their own guest operating system are frequently engaged for server consolidation in order to avoid interference from separate VMs on the same actual machine platform.
The desire to run multiple operating systems was the initial motivation for virtual machines, so as to allow time-sharing among several single-tasking operating systems. In some respects, a system virtual machine can be considered a generalization of the concept of virtual memory that historically preceded it. IBM's CP/CMS, the first systems to allow full virtualization, implemented time sharing by providing each user with a single-user operating system, the CMS. Unlike virtual memory, a system virtual machine entitled the user to write privileged instructions in their code. This approach had certain advantages, such as adding input/output devices not allowed by the standard system.
As technology evolves virtual memory for purposes of virtualization, new systems of memory overcommitment may be applied to manage memory sharing among multiple virtual machines on one actual computer operating system. It may be possible to share "memory pages" that have identical contents among multiple virtual machines that run on the same physical machine, what may result in mapping them to the same physical page by a technique known as Kernel SamePage Merging. This is particularly useful for read-only pages, such as those that contain code segments; in particular, that would be the case for multiple virtual machines running the same or similar software, software libraries, web servers, middleware components, etc. The guest operating systems do not need to be compliant with the host hardware, thereby making it possible to run different operating systems on the same computer (e.g., Microsoft Windows, Linux, or previous versions of an operating system) to support future software.
The use of virtual machines to support separate guest operating systems is popular in regard to embedded systems. A typical use would be to run a real-time operating system simultaneously with a preferred complex operating system, such as Linux or Windows. Another use would be for novel and unproven software still in the developmental stage, so it runs inside a sandbox. Virtual machines have other advantages for operating system development, and may include improved debugging access and faster reboots.
Techniques
Different virtualization techniques are used, based on the desired usage. Native execution is based on direct virtualization of the underlying raw hardware, thus it provides multiple "instances" of the same architecture a real machine is based on, capable of running complete operating systems. Some virtual machines can also emulate different architectures and allow execution of software applications and operating systems written for another CPU or architecture. Operating-system-level virtualization allows the resources of a computer to be partitioned via kernel's support for multiple isolated user space instances, which are usually called containers and may look and feel like real machines to the end users. Some computer architectures are capable of hardware-assisted virtualization, which enables efficient full virtualization by using virtualization-specific hardware capabilities, primarily from the host CPUs.
Virtualization of the underlying raw hardware (native execution)
This approach is described as full virtualization of the hardware, and can be implemented using a type 1 or type 2 hypervisor: a type 1 hypervisor runs directly on the hardware, and a type 2 hypervisor runs on another operating system, such as Linux or Windows. Each virtual machine can run any operating system supported by the underlying hardware. Users can thus run two or more different "guest" operating systems simultaneously, in separate "private" virtual computers.
The pioneer system using this concept was IBM's CP-40, the first (1967) version of IBM's CP/CMS (1967–1972) and the precursor to IBM's VM family (1972–present). With the VM architecture, most users run a relatively simple interactive computing single-user operating system, CMS, as a "guest" on top of the VM control program (VM-CP). This approach kept the CMS design simple, as if it were running alone; the control program quietly provides multitasking and resource management services "behind the scenes". In addition to CMS communication and other system tasks are performed by multitasking VMs (RSCS, GCS, TCP/IP, UNIX), and users can run any of the other IBM operating systems, such as MVS, even a new CP itself or now z/OS. Even the simple CMS could be run in a threaded environment (LISTSERV, TRICKLE). z/VM is the current version of VM, and is used to support hundreds or thousands of virtual machines on a given mainframe. Some installations use Linux on IBM Z to run Web servers, where Linux runs as the operating system within many virtual machines.
Full virtualization is particularly helpful in operating system development, when experimental new code can be run at the same time as older, more stable, versions, each in a separate virtual machine. The process can even be recursive: IBM debugged new versions of its virtual machine operating system, VM, in a virtual machine running under an older version of VM, and even used this technique to simulate new hardware.
The standard x86 instruction set architecture as used in the modern PCs does not actually meet the Popek and Goldberg virtualization requirements. Notably, there is no execution mode where all sensitive machine instructions always trap, which would allow per-instruction virtualization.
Despite these limitations, several software packages have managed to provide virtualization on the x86 architecture, even though dynamic recompilation of privileged code, as first implemented by VMware, incurs some performance overhead as compared to a VM running on a natively virtualizable architecture such as the IBM System/370 or Motorola MC68020. By now, several other software packages such as Virtual PC, VirtualBox, Parallels Workstation and Virtual Iron manage to implement virtualization on x86 hardware.
Intel and AMD have introduced features to their x86 processors to enable virtualization in hardware.
As well as virtualization of the resources of a single machine, multiple independent nodes in a cluster can be combined and accessed as a single virtual NUMA machine.
Emulation of a non-native system
Virtual machines can also perform the role of an emulator, allowing software applications and operating systems written for another computer processor architecture to be run.
Operating-system-level virtualization
Operating-system-level virtualization is a server virtualization technology which virtualizes servers on an operating system (kernel) layer. It can be thought of as partitioning: a single physical server is sliced into multiple small partitions (otherwise called virtual environments (VE), virtual private servers (VPS), guests, zones, etc.); each such partition looks and feels like a real server, from the point of view of its users.
For example, Solaris Zones supports multiple guest operating systems running under the same operating system such as Solaris 10. Guest operating systems can use the same kernel level with the same operating system version, or can be a separate copy of the operating system with a different kernel version using Solaris Kernel Zones. Solaris native Zones also requires that the host operating system is a version of Solaris; other operating systems from other manufacturers are not supported. However, Solaris Branded Zones would need to be used to have other operating systems as zones.
Another example is System Workload Partitions (WPARs), introduced in version 6.1 of the IBM AIX operating system. System WPARs are software partitions running under one instance of the global AIX OS environment.
The operating system level architecture has low overhead that helps to maximize efficient use of server resources. The virtualization introduces only a negligible overhead and allows running hundreds of virtual private servers on a single physical server. In contrast, approaches such as full virtualization (like VMware) and paravirtualization (like Xen or UML) cannot achieve such level of density, due to overhead of running multiple kernels. From the other side, operating system-level virtualization does not allow running different operating systems (i.e., different kernels), although different libraries, distributions, etc. are possible. Different virtualization techniques are used, based on the desired usage. Native execution is based on direct virtualization of the underlying raw hardware, thus it provides multiple "instances" of the same architecture a real machine is based on, capable of running complete operating systems. Some virtual machines can also emulate different architectures and allow execution of software applications and operating systems written for another CPU or architecture. Operating-system-level virtualization allows the resources of a computer to be partitioned via kernel's support for multiple isolated user space instances, which are usually called containers and may look and feel like real machines to the end users. Some computer architectures are capable of hardware-assisted virtualization, which enables efficient full virtualization by using virtualization-specific hardware capabilities, primarily from the host CPUs.
Virtualization-enabled hardware
Examples of virtualization-enabled hardware include the following:
Alcatel-Lucent 3B20D/3B21D emulated on commercial off-the-shelf computers with 3B2OE or 3B21E system
ARM TrustZone
Boston Circuits gCore (grid-on-chip) with 16 ARC 750D cores and Time-machine hardware virtualization module.
Freescale PowerPC MPC8572 and MPC8641D
IBM System/360 Model 67, System/370, System/390, and zSeries mainframes
IBM Power Systems
x86:
AMD-V (formerly code-named Pacifica)
Intel VT-x (formerly code-named Vanderpool)
HP vPAR and cell based nPAR
GE and Honeywell Multics systems
Honeywell 200/2000 systems Liberator replacing IBM 14xx systems
Honeywell Level 62/64/66
IBM System/360 and System/370 models with emulators supporting programs for older IBM systems
Honeywell Level 6 minicomputers emulated predecessor 316/516/716 minis
Oracle Corporation (previously Sun Microsystems) SPARC sun4v (SPARC M6, T5, T4, T3, UltraSPARC T1 and T2) utilized by Oracle VM Server for SPARC, also known as "Logical Domains"
Xerox Sigma 6 CPUs were modified to emulate GE/Honeywell 600/6000 systems
See also
Amazon Machine Image
Linux containers
Storage hypervisor
Universal Turing machine
Virtual appliance
Virtual backup appliance
Virtual disk image
Virtual machine escape
Notes
References
Further reading
James E. Smith, Ravi Nair, Virtual Machines: Versatile Platforms For Systems And Processes, Morgan Kaufmann, May 2005, , 656 pages (covers both process and system virtual machines)
Craig, Iain D. Virtual Machines. Springer, 2006, , 269 pages (covers only process virtual machines)
External links
The Reincarnation of Virtual Machines, Article on ACM Queue by Mendel Rosenblum, Co-Founder, VMware
Operating system technology
The men's 105 kilograms weightlifting event was the seventh men's event at the weightlifting competition, limiting competitors to a maximum of 105 kilograms of body mass. The whole competition took place on August 18, but was divided in two parts due to the number of competitors. Group B weightlifters competed at 15:30, and Group A, at 19:00. This event was the fourteenth Weightlifting event to conclude.
Each lifter performed in both the snatch and clean and jerk lifts, with the final score being the sum of the lifter's best result in each. The athlete received three attempts in each of the two lifts; the score for the lift was the heaviest weight successfully lifted.
Schedule
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+08:00)
Records
Results
Dmitry Lapikov of Russia originally finished third, but was disqualified after he tested positive for dehydrochlormethyltestosterone.
Ihor Razoronov of Ukraine originally finished sixth, but was disqualified after he tested positive for nandrolone.
New records
References
Page 2684
Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Men's events at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Opanayake Nimal Piyatissa (born 5 January 1968) is a Sri Lankan politician, former provincial minister and Member of Parliament.
Piyatissa was born on 5 January 1968. He was previously a member of the Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna but is currently a member of the National Freedom Front.
Piyatissa was a member of Walapane Divisional Council and the Central Provincial Council where he held a provincial ministerial portfolio. He contested the 2020 parliamentary election as a Sri Lanka People's Freedom Alliance electoral alliance candidate in Nuwara Eliya District and was elected to the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
References
1968 births
Agriculture ministers of Sri Lankan provinces
Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna politicians
Jathika Nidahas Peramuna politicians
Local authority councillors of Sri Lanka
Living people
Members of the 16th Parliament of Sri Lanka
Members of the Central Province Board of Ministers
Sinhalese politicians
Sri Lankan Buddhists
Sri Lanka People's Freedom Alliance politicians
United People's Freedom Alliance politicians
Old Goucher is a neighborhood in north Baltimore, Maryland.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
Digrammia ocellinata, the faint-spotted angle or locust looper, is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species was first described by Achille Guenée in 1857. It is found in the eastern United States, Quebec and Ontario.
The wingspan is 21-27 mm. The wings are brownish gray, faintly mottled. There is brown shading on the forewing, extending onto the hindwing.
Adults are on wing from April to October.
The larvae feed on the leaves of Robinia pseudoacacia and Gleditsia triacanthos.
References
External links
Moths described in 1857
Macariini
Topsy Turvy Tales is a 2012 illustrated storybook by Charlotte Boulay-Goldsmith and illustrated by Laura Hyde. The book was published by Humpty Dumpty Publishing on June 14, 2012. Topsy Turvy Tales is composed of four tales, Quest of the Head, The Girl With Liquid Eyes, Chester The Oyster and The Man With The Stolen Heart.
Adaptations
The Girl With Liquid Eyes and The Man With The Stolen Heart have been adapted into short animations featuring the voices of actors Maryam d'Abo and Bill Nighy.
The Man With The Stolen Heart was nominated for "Best Animation" at the Charlotte Film Festival and won "Best Animation" at the UK Film Festival At the Cambridge Film Festival Jamie Brittain described the film as "divisive" but the "conceptual invention soon wins you over".
Reception
Sylvia Whitman described the book on France 24 as "an exquisite and strange storybook". The literary magazine Neon called the series "an illustrated collection of gothic fairytales in verse." Laura Bailey in Vogue.com called it an "escape into dark dreams and twisted fantasies" Philip Colbert described parts of the book as "a cross between Sleepy Hollow and the Adams Family. Dark, funny, macabre and disturbing."
References
External links
Official Website
2012 short story collections
Children's short story collections
American short story collections
2012 children's books
Garry Sitarski (born February 18, 1994) is an American recording artist, singer-songwriter, music director, entrepreneur & Internet personality from New York.
Political activism
In 2015 and 2016, Garry campaigned for Bernie Sanders in the US Democratic Primaries.
After Donald Trump was elected President in November 2016, Garry held protests in multiple parts of New York State. Garry held his own protest in front of the White House that blocked Donald Trump's car from initially entering. Garry gathered protesters through the use of his social media. Eventually the protest was aggressively pushed away from the White House. Garry interviewed on scene with ABC News, FOX News, & CNN in regards to the protest.
External links
References
1994 births
Living people
Musicians from New York City
21st-century American singers
Singer-songwriters from New York (state)
Henry Athole Scudamore-Stanhope, 11th Earl of Chesterfield (29 May 1855 – 2 November 1935) was a British Royal Navy officer and nobleman.
Stanhope was the second son of Henry Edwyn Chandos Scudamore-Stanhope, 9th Earl of Chesterfield and Dorothea Hay, daughter of Sir Adam Hay, 7th Baronet, of Smithfield. He joined the Navy in 1869. As lieutenant of the flagship HMS Alexandra he served with the Naval Brigade landed for service in the Sudan with the Nile Expedition for the relief of General Gordon at Khartoum in 1884–85. He aftwards commanded the Lotus on the Nile, and received the Egyptian medal with clasp and the Khedive's bronze star. He was promoted to command in 1892, and served in the Naval Intelligence Department from January, 1894, to November, 1896. He was in command of the sloop HMS Beagle, serving on the South Atlantic Station until it returned to Portsmouth to pay off on 14 March 1900. He retired from the navy with the rank of captain in 1905.
In January, 1933, he succeeded his brother as eleventh earl.
Lord Chesterfield died unmarried on 2 November 1935 and was buried at Holme Lacy Church, Herefordshire on 7 November. He was succeeded by his nephew, Edward Henry Scudamore-Stanhope, the only son of his brother, The Honourable Evelyn Scudamore-Stanhope.
References
thePeerage.com
1855 births
1935 deaths
Henry
Earls of Chesterfield
Ralph Hardimon is a percussionist, teacher, composer, and clinician. He is best known for his work in the areas of marching percussion, rudimental drumming, drum & bugle corps, and marching band.
Career
Hardimon's performance experience started in the late sixties with the Los Angeles Police Band, and later the Velvet Knights and Anaheim Kingsmen drum & bugle corps. He taught and studied with Fred Sanford and studied with Charles Dowd at the University of Oregon.
Following Fred Sanford's departure after the 1980 season, Hardimon became Director of Percussion for the Santa Clara Vanguard from through . During this time, SCV won four High Percussion awards (1978, 1979, 1988, 1989) and three DCI World Championships. Hardimon served as a consultant for SCV from 1997 to 2000. He has scored music for many other corps (including Blue Knights from 1990 to 2001) as well as college percussion ensembles and marching bands. He has worked for Disney and bowl games such as the Citrus Bowl, Orange Bowl, and Super Bowl.
Hardimon received Grammy nominations for Jazz and Rhythm and Blues. He was inducted into the DCI hall of fame in 2000, inducted into the Santa Clara Vanguard Hall of Fame in 2014, and received the “Life Time Achievement Award” from Sabian Cymbals in 2005.
Fraternity
Ralph Hardimon is also a member of Mu Phi Sigma national percussion fraternity, and an Honorary Member of Snare Si Phi percussion organization.
Endorsements
The popular drum stick company Vic Firth manufactures multiple signature Ralph Hardimon drumsticks. These sticks include the standard SRH and SRHN models, the Ralphie Jr., Ralph Hardimon Indoor, Ralph Hardimon "Hammer," Ralph Hardimon "Chop-Out," Ralph Hardimon Tenor Stick, and Ralph Hardimon Tenor Swizzle.
External links
Esprit de Corps: An Interview with Percussionist Ralph Hardimon
Ralph Hardimon Interview
DCI Hall of Fame: Ralph Hardimon- 2000
References
American percussionists
American male composers
20th-century American composers
Living people
1952 births
20th-century American drummers
American male drummers
20th-century American male musicians
The Katian is the second stage of the Upper Ordovician. It is preceded by the Sandbian and succeeded by the Hirnantian Stage. The Katian began a million years ago and lasted for about 7.8 million years until the beginning of the Hirnantian million years ago.
During the Katian the climate cooled which started the Late Ordovician glaciation.
Naming
The name Katian is derived from Katy Lake (Atoka County, Oklahoma, United States).
GSSP
The GSSP of the Katian Stage is the Black Knob Ridge Section in southeastern Oklahoma (United States). It is an outcrop of the Womble Shale and the Bigfork Chert, the latter containing the lower boundary of the Katian. The lower boundary is defined as the first appearance datum of the graptolite species Diplacanthograptus caudatus. This horizon is 4.0 m above the base of the Bigfork Chert.
References
.
Ordovician geochronology
Easton is a village and civil parish in Norfolk, England, to the west of Norwich. It covers an area of and had a population of 1,141 in 445 households at the 2001 census, the population increasing to 1,514 at the 2011 Census. Located close to the Royal Norfolk Showground and the A47, it also houses a campus of Easton & Otley College, a large agricultural college, in the Grade II listed 18th-century Easton Hall.
The villages name means 'East farm/settlement'.
The Grade I listed Church of England parish church of St Peter stands at the west end of the village, near the roundabout at the end of the southern Norwich bypass. It is built mainly of flint, rendered in part, with stone dressings. Restored in the 1880s, it dates from the late 12th century with additions made in the 13th and 15th centuries. The tower collapsed in the 18th century. The south doorway is 12th century and the marble font dates from about 1200. Easton was the birthplace of the 14th century Cardinal Adam of Easton, who was imprisoned in Italy for conspiring against Pope Urban VI and spared execution through the intervention of King Richard II.
The village's football team, Easton FC, currently plays in the Anglian Combination.
Governance
An electoral ward in the same name exists. This ward stretches south to Great Melton with a total population taken at the 2011 Census of 2,717. Men in the ward had the third highest life expectancy at birth, 89.6 years, of any ward in England and Wales in 2016.
Notes
http://kepn.nottingham.ac.uk/map/place/Norfolk/Easton
External links
Easton FC
Villages in Norfolk
South Norfolk
Civil parishes in Norfolk
Philip Eugene Batt (born March 4, 1927) is an American politician who served as the 29th governor of Idaho from 1995 to 1999. Batt had previously served as the 35th lieutenant governor of Idaho, Chair of the Idaho Republican Party, and as a member of the Idaho Legislature. He is a member of the Republican Party.
Early life and education
Born in Wilder, Idaho, Batt was the fifth and youngest child of John and Elizabeth Karn Batt. Batt served sixteen months in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II at Lowry Field, Colorado, working as a clerk discharging veterans. He then returned to the University of Idaho and studied chemical engineering, lived in the dorms, and led a dance band, playing clarinet and tenor saxophone. (Half a century later than governor, Batt played with Lionel Hampton in Moscow at the jazz legend's UI festival.)
Career
State offices
Before becoming governor, Batt had been a Republican politician in Idaho for thirty years, serving in the state legislature (house 1965–67, state senate 1967–79), and as the 35th lieutenant governor from 1979 to 1983. He ran for governor in 1982 and was defeated in a close race by the Democratic incumbent, John Evans. The election was so close that at least one television network declared Batt the winner on Election Night.
Batt returned to the state senate with victories in 1984 and 1986, then resigned in the spring of 1988 to sit on the three-member state transportation board, appointed by Governor Andrus.
Idaho Republican Party
Batt was elected chairman of the Idaho Republican Party in January 1991, and after a successful two years, he stepped aside in April 1993 to re-enter electoral politics in 1994. Batt ran for the post in 1968 and lost to Roland Wilber, 127 to 218.
Governor
Batt won the Republican gubernatorial primary in 1994 with 48% of the vote, and defeated state attorney general Larry EchoHawk in the general election 52% to 44%, for the first GOP victory for governor in 28 years. Despite high popularity, he chose to serve only one term, citing his age, and left office at age 71. Succeeding Batt, Kempthorne won two terms, Butch Otter three terms, and Brad Little one term, giving the Republicans seven consecutive wins through 2018. Among Batt's more notable accomplishments as governor was pushing through worker's compensation for agricultural workers and negotiating a pact limiting nuclear waste storage in Idaho.
Later career
Batt was one of Idaho's presidential elector for George W. Bush during the 2000 United States presidential election.
Batt has self-published two books since leaving office, a memoir titled The Compleat Phil Batt: A Kaleidoscope in 1999, and a compilation of humorous stories, Life as a Geezer, in 2003. Batt, who has a gay grandson who lives out of state, supports Add The Words.
Personal life
On January 9, 1948 in Potlatch, Idaho, he eloped with Jacque Fallis of Spokane, a member of the Delta Delta Delta sorority. The newlyweds had to leave school a month later when Batt's 66-year-old father was involved in a serious automobile accident which left him with limited strength and speech. Though the young Batts initially hoped to return to college, economic circumstances changed their plans and they reluctantly did not. Jacque Batt died after 66 years of marriage.
In 2015, at the age of 88, Batt married Francee Riley of Boise.
Election history
References
External links
Idaho Public Television: Phil Batt
The Almanac of American Politics: Phil Batt
National Governors Association
1927 births
Living people
Governors of Idaho
Lieutenant Governors of Idaho
Idaho state senators
Members of the Idaho House of Representatives
Farmers from Idaho
American people of English descent
Idaho Republicans
Baptists from Idaho
People from Wilder, Idaho
Military personnel from Idaho
United States Army Air Forces soldiers
United States Army Air Forces personnel of World War II
Republican Party governors of Idaho
2000 United States presidential electors
20th-century American politicians
Tari is a census town in the Matigara CD block in the Siliguri subdivision of Darjeeling district in the state of West Bengal, India.
Geography
Location
Tari is located at .
Bairatisal, Tari, Jitu, Bara Mohansingh and Mathapari form a cluster of census towns as per map of Matigara CD block on page 265 of District Census Handbook, Darjeeling.
Area overview
The map alongside shows the Siliguri subdivision of Darjeeling district. This area is spread across the foothills of the Himalayas and is a plain land gently sloping from north to south. While the northern part is mentioned as the Terai region, the larger southern portion forms the western part of the Dooars region. While 55.11% per cent of the population resides in the rural areas, 44.89% resides in the urban areas. On the western side the Mechi River forms a long border with Nepal. On the eastern side the Mahananda River forms a short border with Bangladesh.
Note: The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the subdivision. All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map.
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census of India, Tari had a total population of 14,558 of which 7,335 (50%) were males and 7,223 (50%) were females. There were 2,009 persons in the age range of 0 to 6 years. The total number of literate people in Tari was 8,690 (59.69% of the population over 6 years).
Infrastructure
According to the District Census Handbook 2011, Darjiling, Tari covered an area of 1.639 km2. Among the civic amenities, it had 55 km roads with open drains, the protected water supply involved tap water from treated sources and covered well, it had 1,235 domestic electric connections and 50 road lighting points. Among the medical facilities, it had 1 dispensary/ health centre, 1 family welfare centre, 1 maternity and child welfare centre, 1 maternity home, 12 medicine shops. Among the educational facilities it had were 1 primary school, 1 middle school, the nearest secondary school, senior secondary school, general degree college at Bairatisal 1 km away.
References
Cities and towns in Darjeeling district
North Marston is a village and also a civil parish in the Buckinghamshire district in the ceremonial county of Buckinghamshire, England. It is located about three miles south of Winslow, and four miles north of Waddesdon.
The village name 'Marston' is a common one in England, and is Anglo-Saxon for 'farm by a marsh'. This refers to the common state of the land in the Aylesbury Vale, where the water table is quite high. The prefix 'North' was added later to distinguish the village from nearby Fleet Marston. The population of the village is approximately 700 and there are about 280 houses.
The facilities in North Marston include:
a village hall, which was built as a war memorial after the First World War
a pub called The Pilgrim (formerly, The Bell) that reopened on 1 May 2010
a recreation ground and sports field (that is shared with Granborough)
A recent project within the village has re-created the sports field, which is now called the North Marston and Granborough Community Sports Field. In the field there is a pavilion, football pitch, running track, nature trail and cricket nets. There is a cricket team (North Marston & Granborough Cricket Club).
A community shop in the village is now established. Construction work started on The Shop North Marston on 11 November 2010 and opened in June 2011.
The village borders with Oving, Pitchcott, Quainton, Hogshaw, Granborough, Swanbourne and Hoggeston.
St Mary's Church
The parish church is dedicated to the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary; the foundation stones of the church on this site were laid around the 12th century. Pilgrim money enabled the nave roof to be raised and clerestory windows put in. The inner part of the tower dates back to the 15th century: from 2002 to 2004 all of the outer stones were replaced due to crumbling. There are six bells in the tower – tuned to the key of F – and a tenor weight of 13-2-27 from 1925 (with original inscriptions dating from as far back as the 16th century). There is a plan to build a meeting room, with kitchen and toilet facilities on the north side of the church, to replace those facilities of the Methodist chapel, which it is planned to sell. Since 2004, when the Methodist Chapel closed, the Parish Church has been in a Local Ecumenical Partnership with the Methodists.
Holy Well or Schorne Well
There is a holy well in the village, found by Sir John Schorne, who was rector of the parish of North Marston in about 1290. He was referred to as a saint who, it is claimed, performed many miracles. It was he that blessed the village well and after his death it became a resort of great pilgrimage. Pilgrims probably stayed at one or two of the houses in Church Street that still stand today, but most of the houses were destroyed in a later fire. The Holy Well was renovated in 2004/2005, after many other designs had been put in place. On the day of its official reopening a poem was read; this can be found here, with some 'before' and 'after' pictures.
Education
The North Marston Church of England School is a mixed Church of England primary school. It is a voluntary controlled school, which takes children from the age of four through to the age of eleven. The school has approximately 100 pupils. It is situated across the road from the parish church.
The school has 3 "houses" each named for local reasons: Camden Neild (Red) Verney (Green) Schorne (Blue)
There was also "The Schorne College" situated in the grounds of the church directly opposite the present site of the School
The Village has a pre-school called Schorne Pre-School which has been running for around twenty years now.
Famous links in North Marston
John Schorne - Local unofficial saint, and Rector of North Marston around 1290.
John Camden Neild - Miser to whose memory the chancel of North Marston was dedicated when Queen Victoria paid for its refurbishment; he had left her all his money.
References
Pictures of the village
External links
North Marston website
Church Website
North Marston School
North Marston Bells
North Marston and Granborough Community Sportsfield
North Marston Village Shop project
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Holy wells in England
Rishab Prasanna (, ) is an Indian flute or bansuri player. He was born in New Delhi. He is the son of the flute and shehnai player Rajendra Prasanna.
Career
Rishab Prasanna learned Indian classical music from his grandfather, Raghunath Prasanna, his father Rajendra Prasanna, and his uncles Ravi Shankar Prasanna and Rakesh Prasanna.
Apart from his solo concert, Rishab Prasanna also plays with his brother, Rajesh Prasanna.
He has worked on several projects with musicians in Europe such as the Danish/Swedish folk band Dreamers' Circus, guitarist Mattias Pérez, the collective Drifting Orchestra, Issa Murad and his group Joussour, the group One Million Faces with Davy Sur and David Amar.
Rishab has played at the WOMAD Festivals in Australia, and New Zealand, the Festival international de la musique andalou, in Algeria, Les Allées Chantent in Isère (France), Musique et Patrimoine in Chinon (France), the Darbar Festival in London among others.
Title
Rishab has been awarded as the cultural ambassador of French city Toulouse.
References
External links
Official website
1985 births
Living people
Indian flautists
Indian male composers
Bansuri players
Indian classical composers
Brotherhood (stylised as BrOTHERHOOD) is a 2016 British drama film written, directed by and starring Noel Clarke. It is the sequel to Adulthood, and is the third and final instalment of The Hood Trilogy. It was screened in the Special Presentations section at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival.
Plot
Ten years after the events of Adulthood, Sam Peel has retired from a life of crime, having settled down with his girlfriend Kayla and their two children. He works four jobs to support them as well as Alisa and her teenage daughter, whose father was "Trife", whom he killed years ago. Alisa has forgiven Sam, but wants him to tell her daughter what happened to Trife. One day, Sam overhears a girl describe how she was attacked by a man named "Mooks".
Sam's brother Royston is in a band with Henry. During a gig, Drew shoots Royston, then leaves an envelope next to him addressed to Sam. Sam visits Royston in the hospital and sees their mother, Mrs. Peel. Sam learns from Henry that Drew was ordered to shoot Royston. Henry gives Sam the envelope, containing an address, which Henry insists Sam must go to alone.
Sam bumps into a woman, Janette, who "accidentally" spills coffee. At her flat, she seduces Sam while recording the encounter. Heading home, Sam fights a pursuer, then tangles with Hugs who threaten his family. Sam arrives at the address, a mansion. He fights the pursuer and enters but he is outnumbered and beaten. Daley intervenes on behalf of Mooks, the criminal boss. Sam refuses to work with Daley, and is taken to the basement where he sees Curtis, Trife's uncle, who wants revenge for Trife's death and for Curtis' time in prison. Sam escapes the house but is caught by Drew and other thugs. When Henry arrives to rescue Sam, Hugs stabs a thug as a warning.
Sam calls Kayla and tells her to hide the family from Curtis. However, upon seeing the DVD of his sexual encounter with Janette, an angry Kayla leaves him. Sam goes to his old friend Buds, now a detective. Buds cannot enter the mansion without a warrant. Daley is furious that Sam has contacted the police, and orders Curtis to hurt Sam's family. Instead, Curtis and Hugs conspire to kill Daley and take over. Mrs. Peel sees Janette being attacked, and brings her inside. When Janette texts someone, Mrs. Peel calls Sam who realises he is being set up as Janette works for Daley; she lets in Curtis and Hugs, who kills Mrs. Peel. The police arrest Sam but Buds releases him. At Mrs. Peel's funeral, Royston tells Sam that Penny is pregnant and they are moving to America. After Sam and Kayla have sex following the funeral, Kayla tells Sam that she and the kids will not return until he ends his involvement with Curtis and Daley.
Sam breaks into the gym, looking for a gun. Brick tells Sam he and Calvin are seeking revenge on Mooks for raping Sariya, Brick's daughter. Sam and Henry track down Daley's henchman, helped by Hassan. Sam assaults Drew who reveals Curtis' and Daley's whereabouts. Elsewhere, Henry encounters Yardz, one of Mooks' henchmen, and confesses that he has been lying to his girlfriend to excuse time away from her and his son, who he wrongly thinks is not his. Henry also successfully persuades Yardz to change his life and walk away from involvement with Mooks.
Sam storms Daley's estate with Hassan, Henry, Brick, Sariya and Calvin, as police approach. They link with Curtis and Hugs. Janette guards a locked penthouse door; Sam knocks her out and kicks the door. Daley, suspecting that he was being double-crossed by his gang, fatally stabs Hugs and escapes. Sam pulls the knife from Hugs as the police arrive and make arrests.
After being exonerated by Buds, Sam calls Curtis to fight to the death. Sam overpowers Curtis and wrestles a gun away. He pulls out the bullets, dropping them and the gun on the floor. Curtis loads a single bullet, but before he can shoot Sam, police gun him down. Dying, Curtis tells Sam where Daley is.
Sam finds Daley filling a bag with money. Sam switches on the light, revealing Brick, Sariya and Calvin. They unmask Daley as Mooks, the real boss who had beaten and raped Sariya. Sam confronts Mooks for his actions, grabs the bag from him and leaves. Brick shoots Mooks dead.
Safely away, Sam divides up the money with Royston, Alisa, and everyone who helped him get revenge on Curtis, Drew and Mooks. Strolling with his family, Sam encounters Buds. Bud says Sam will get no more help from him but affirms they are still friends, warning him to stay out of trouble.
Cast
Noel Clarke as Sam Peel
Bashy as Calvin
Olivia Chenery as Sariya
Nick Nevern as DCI Parkinson
Steven Cree as Brick
David Ajala as DCI Desmond "Buds" Lynch
Arnold Oceng as Henry
Tonia Sotiropoulou as Janette
Jason Maza as Daley/Mooks
Stormzy as Yardz
Aaron Eaton as Teardrop
Red Madrell as Alisa
Cornell John as Curtis
Jack McMullen as Drew
Fady Elsayed as Wino
Leeshon Alexander as Hugz
Daniel Anthony as Royston Peel
Shanika Warren-Markland as Kayla
Mahalia Burkmar as Thea
Critical reaction
Brotherhood has received a mixed critical response. Writing in The Guardian, Wendy Ide praised Clarke's direction and performance, but "Clarke goes and spoils it all by using naked women as set dressing and cramming the frame with flash gangster clichés, which rather undermines the anti-aspirational message of the film." Terri White of Empire praised Clarke's uncompromising portrayal of inner city life, but criticized Maza's performance and that, "Clarke can't avoid employing the third-in-a-trilogy tropes: one last job/reformed guy helps new guy who is essentially him/grossly unfair family tragedy as his three-parter reaches its too-neat conclusion."
See also
List of hood films
References
External links
Brotherhood at Rotten Tomatoes
2016 films
2016 crime drama films
2010s English-language films
British independent films
British crime drama films
Films directed by Noel Clarke
Black British cinema
Black British mass media
Black British films
Hood films
Films about drugs
British gangster films
Films set in London
Films shot in London
Films set in 2018
Films about interracial romance
2010s business films
2010s gang films
Films with screenplays by Noel Clarke
2016 independent films
2010s American films
2010s British films
John Bossewell (died 1580) was an English heraldic writer.
Life
Bossewell was, on his own account, from the north of England, and a gentleman. He appears to have acted as a notary public.
Works
As an antiquary devoted to heraldic study, Bossewell was a close follower of Gerard Legh. The first edition of his Workes of Armorie was published by Richard Totell in 1572, with a reprint in 1597. The first part, entitled "Concordes", is an abridgement of Legh's Accedens of Armory. Like Legh, he covered symbolism and allegory, conceits and fables.
Notes
Attribution
Year of birth missing
1580 deaths
English male writers
Money Mad is a 1908 American short crime film directed by D. W. Griffith. It is based on the short story "Just Meat" by Jack London.
Cast
Charles Inslee - The Miser
George Gebhardt - Second Villain
Arthur V. Johnson - Bank Clerk
Florence Lawrence - Bank Customer / Landlady
Jeanie MacPherson - Bank Customer
Mack Sennett - Man on the Street
Harry Solter - First Villain
See also
List of American films of 1908
1908 in film
D. W. Griffith filmography
References
External links
Money Mad available for free download at Internet Archive
1908 films
Films directed by D. W. Griffith
American silent short films
1900s crime films
American black-and-white films
Articles containing video clips
Films based on works by Jack London
American crime films
Surviving American silent films
1900s American films
Saturday Freedom (; literally Declaration of Freedom Saturday) was a South Korean reality-variety show shown on the KBS2 network, which competes directly against MBC's We Got Married and Infinite Challenge, and SBS' Star Junior Show Bungeoppang and Star King. The lineup ended on March 31, 2012, with Immortal Songs 2 becoming a separate program and Invincible Youth 2 moving into the time slot.
History
Programs prior to Saturday Freedom featured a similar title. Declaration of Freedom Today is Saturday (자유선언 오늘은 토요일) began airing on October 17, 1998, and aired until April 28, 2001. Beginning on May 5, 2001, Show Everyone's Saturday (쇼 여러분의 토요일) aired, then on November 10, 2001 Declaration of Freedom Saturday Big Operation (자유선언 토요대작전) took over and aired until November 1, 2003, which at this time KBS's Saturday lineup program was cancelled. It was revived on April 25, 2009, as Invincible Saturday (천하무적 토요일) and aired until December 25, 2010, and KBS's Saturday lineup program was cancelled once again. It was revived again as Saturday Freedom on June 4, 2011. On September 10, 2011, Saturday Freedom divided into two parts, Part 1 airing at 5:15PM KST and Part 2 airing at 6:15PM KST, in an effort to boost ratings.
Broadcasting Times
June 4–11, 2011 (17:35 - 19:55 ; 2 hours 20 minutes)
June 18 – September 3, 2011 (17:50 - 19:55 ; 2 hour 5 minutes)
September 10, 2011 – March 31, 2012 (17:15 - 19:55 ; 2 hours 40 minutes)
September 10, 2011 – March 31, 2012 (17:15 - 18:15 ; 1 hour ; Part 1)
September 10, 2011 – March 31, 2012 (18:15 - 19:55 ; 1 hour 40 minutes ; Part 2)
Segments
Birth of a Family
Aired: November 12, 2011 – March 31, 2012
Starring: Lee Hwi-jae, Kim Byung-man, Boom, No Woo-jin, Hyuna (4Minute), G.NA, Yim Si-wan (ZE:A).
Birth of a Family (Korean: 가족의 탄생) was an "animal communion variety" program and was first broadcast on November 12, 2011.
The program is divided into two corners, Let's Live Together (같이 삽시다) and Birth of a Family (가족의 탄생). Let's Live Together features Lee Hwi-jae and Kim Byung-man as rare animals visit their home. Birth of a Family features idol groups living with and becoming the family of abandoned dogs, and helping them find new owners. Infinite and A Pink were the first groups of idols and were replaced with Hyuna of 4Minute, G.NA, and Siwan of ZE:A in March.
Immortal Songs 2
Aired: June 4, 2011 - March 31, 2012 (in Saturday Freedom. Airs today as stand-alone program.)
Starring: Shin Dong-yup, Eun Ji-won, Moon Hee-joon.
Immortal Songs 2: Singing the Legend (Korean: 불후의 명곡 II - 전설을 노래하다; Romanized: Bulhueui Myeonggok II - Jeonseoleul Noraehada) is a music competition program and began airing on June 4, 2011. It is a revival of Immortal Songs, and features idol singers performing songs of legendary singers. The singers perform in front of an audience who vote for who they believe best presented the classic songs. It now airs as a separate program, as Immortal Songs 2: Singing the Legend, in the same time slot.
Secret
Aired: June 4 - November 5, 2011
Starring: Lee Hwi-jae, Shin Bong-sun, Kim Hee-chul.
Secret (Korean: 시크릿) (Subtitle: Are You a Good Person?) was a game-talk show featuring secrets of celebrities. Stars must play games and succeed to prevent a secret of theirs from being revealed by a friend. Originally airing after Immortal Songs 2, the program faced difficulty when Immortal Songs 2 aired for too long, thus eating into the airtime of Secret. On one occasion, the program only aired for three minutes on July 23, 2011.
References
External links
Korean Broadcasting System original programming
South Korean variety television shows
South Korean reality television series
Saturday mass media
Korean-language television shows
2011 South Korean television series debuts
2012 South Korean television series endings
Zimmer's flatbill (Tolmomyias assimilis) or the yellow-margined flatbill is a species of bird in the tyrant flycatcher family Tyrannidae. It is found in humid forest in southern Central America, and the Chocó and Amazon in South America.
There are significant differences (notably voice) between the populations east and west of the Andes, leading to suggestions that the two should be regarded as separate species, in which case the population west of the Andes retains the English name yellow-margined flatbill (or flycatcher) but with the scientific name T. flavotectus, while the Amazonian population retains the scientific name T. assimilis but with the English name Zimmer's flatbill (or flycatcher).
Both population closely resemble the yellow-olive flatbill, and are typically best separated from that species by voice.
References
External link
Xeno-canto: audio recordings of Zimmer's flatbill
Zimmer's flatbill
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
Zimmer's flatbill
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Gleđica is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 193 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
The 37th Iowa Infantry Regiment, nicknamed the "Graybeard Regiment", was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service
The 37th Iowa Infantry was organized at Muscatine, Iowa, and mustered in for three years of Federal service on December 15, 1862. The regiment was unique in that it was composed entirely of men not liable for military service. All men enlisted had to be at least 45 years old. It spent most of its service guarding prisoner of war camps and supply trains.
The regiment was created for political reasons as a way of proving that men well above normal military age were willing to volunteer. While most of its members were in their 40s, 50s, and 60s, it is recorded that a few were in their 70s and at least one man claimed to be 80. It was generally understood that the regiment was to be limited to light duties like guarding supply trains, but there was nothing official about this. Most of the 37th Iowa's members had sons and/or grandsons serving in other regiments, and none could list Iowa as their birthplace since all of them had been born before it was even settled (settlement of the region had begun in 1833).
The regiment was mustered out on May 24, 1865.
Total strength and casualties
A total of 1,041 men served in the 37th Iowa at one time or another during its existence.
While only 3 men from the 37th Iowa died in action, over 145 succumbed to disease.
Commanders
Colonel George W. Kincaid
See also
List of Iowa Civil War Units
Iowa in the American Civil War
Notes
References
The Civil War Archive
Units and formations of the Union Army from Iowa
Military units and formations established in 1862
1862 establishments in Iowa
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
1865 disestablishments in Iowa
Steve Katsos is an American TV personality and host of The Steve Katsos Show, a television show based out of Arlington, Massachusetts. The show has earned national recognition, including winning the Hometown Video Award from the Alliance for Community Media.
The show was started as volunteers helping to struggle artists and as of 2011, airs in over 13 million homes weekly in the US and Europe, aired on several stations worldwide such as WBIN-TV, in the U.K. and Ireland on My Channel, My TV, AcMI.
Guests of the Steve Katsos Show have ranged from budding local musicians such as Will Dailey & The Rivals, The Luxury and The Self-Proclaimed Rockstars, artists and comedians such as Lenny Clarke, Jimmy Tingle and Mike Koutrobis to established celebrities and personalities such as Candy O'Terry, Joe Wong, Rick Dumont, Dave Zeltserman, Governor Michael Dukakis and even sitting Governor Deval Patrick, and many others.
Katsos regularly puts on benefit shows for charitable causes such as The Jimmy Fund and Autism Speaks.
References
External links
The Steve Katsos Show (Official Website)
WGBH Interview with Steve Katsos
Boston Herald article on Steve Katsos
Steve Katsos- Arlington Advocate Newspaper
Steve Katsos- IMDB
Steve Katsos on Crosswinds KFNH
Governor Michael Dukakis on Steve Katsos
ACMI National Video Awards
American television talk show hosts
Living people
People from Arlington, Massachusetts
Year of birth missing (living people)
Meet You There may refer to:
"Meet You There" (song), a song by Busted from A Present for Everyone
Meet You There (album), a 2007 album by Oysterband
"Meet You There", a song by Simple Plan from No Pads, No Helmets...Just Balls
"Meet You There", a song by 5 Seconds of Summer from Youngblood
The INWO Book is a book published by Steve Jackson Games (SJG) in 1995 about the company's satirical collectible card game (CCG) Illuminati: New World Order.
Description
With CCGs on the rise in 1994 following the release of Magic: The Gathering, Steve Jackson Games published Illuminati: New World Order (INWO), a CCG with complex rules that won the 1994 Origins Award for Best Card Game. The game was immensely popular — Jackson reported that "pre-sales alone were more than 10 times as much as for any game we'd done before."
The following year, SJG published a guidebook about INWO titled The INWO Book, subtitled "Being a Compendium of Lore, Lies, Damned Lies and Statistics concerning the New World Order of the Il;luminated Masters." The 152-page paperback was written by Steve Jackson, with illustrations by John Kovalic, David Martin, Shea Ryan, and Dan Smith.
The book contains
Steve Jackson's production reports about planning sessions leading up to the publication of the game
complete and updated rules, as well as optional rules and variant games
official tournament rules
suggested strategies and deck builds
an overview of every card published in the initial print run
a complete card list
the various printing styles for rare and ordinary cards
Reception
In the October 1995 edition of Dragon (#222), Rick Swan noted that the book provides "everything you want to know" about INWO, and called it a revealing read.
References
Books about collectible card games
Mount Tilley () is a flat-topped, ice-capped mountain, rising to about 1,900 m, lying about 7 nautical miles (13 km) south of Mount Tyrrell and 3 nautical miles (6 km) inland from George VI Sound in the east part of Alexander Island, Antarctica. Despite its height, it is best described as a foothill of the Douglas Range, from which it is separated by Toynbee Glacier. The mountain was first photographed from the air in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition. Surveyed in 1948 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey and named by them for Cecil E. Tilley, professor of mineralogy and petrology at Cambridge University.
See also
Mount Huckle
Mount Nicholas
Mount Ethelred
Mountains of Alexander Island
The rufous-browed wren (Troglodytes rufociliatus) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae. It is found in Central America from Mexico south into Nicaragua.
Taxonomy and systematics
The rufous-browed wren has been treated as conspecific with the mountain wren (Troglodytes solstitialis) but DNA analysis supports that it is a species in its own right. It has four subspecies, the nominate Troglodytes rufociliatus rufociliatus, T. r. chiapensis, T. r. nannoides, and T. r. rehni.
Description
The rufous-browed wren is long and weighs . The adults of both sexes of the nominate subspecies have a dark brown crown, back, and rump and a warm brown tail. Their back and tail have dark bars. They have a pale buff supercilium and darker brown cheeks. Their chin is buffy and their throat and chest yellowish buff that is darker on the sides. The lower belly and vent area are barred. Compared to the nominate, T. r. chiapensis is darker above with a rufous cast to the throat and a white belly, T. r. nannoidess back is darker and the barring on the flanks heavier, and T. r. rehni is more reddish brown above and its throat more yellowish.
Distribution and habitat
T. r. chiapensis is the most northerly of the rufous-browed wren subspecies; it is found in the mountains of Chiapas in southern Mexico. The nominate T. r. rufociliatus is found in central and southern Guatemala and northern El Salvador. T. r. nannoides is limited to Santa Ana Volcano in western El Salvador. T. r. rehni is found in Honduras and northwestern Nicaragua.
The rufous-browed wren inhabits humid montane forest of several types. In Guatemala it ranges in elevation from but has been found as low as in Nicaragua.
Behavior
Feeding
The rufous-browed wren usually forages in pairs, and usually near the ground in thick foliage but also in aerial epiphytes. It has been recorded taking caterpillars but further details of its diet are lacking.
Breeding
The rufous-browed wren's nesting season appears to span from late April to early July. Three nests have been found, all of them in Guatemala. They were cups constructed of dry grass and pine needles. Two were in cavities in tree stumps and the third in a hole in the ground. The female alone incubated the eggs. Unusually for a wren, the male sometimes fed the female on the nest.
Vocalization
The rufous-browed wren's song is "a varied, scratchy warble running into tinkling trill" and its call "a loud nasal 'zhweet'".
Status
The IUCN has assessed the rufous-browed wren as being of The Least Concern. Though it has a somewhat restricted range, it is "common in many areas where habitat [is] undisturbed."
References
Further reading
rufous-browed wren
Birds of Mexico
Birds of Guatemala
Birds of Honduras
rufous-browed wren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Michael Charles Sanford (born April 20, 1955) is an American high school football coach and former player. He served as the head football coach at University of Nevada, Las Vegas (UNLV) from 2005 to 2009 and at Indiana State University from 2013 to 2016. He is a graduate of the University of Southern California (USC), where he played quarterback for the Trojans from 1973 through 1976. He is the father of former Western Kentucky head coach and current Colorado offensive coordinator, Mike Sanford Jr.
Head coaching career
UNLV
On December 6, 2004, UNLV hired Sanford as the school's ninth head coach, taking over for the legendary John Robinson who went 2–9 his final year. Sanford inherited a program in decline. Some had blamed the program's problems on an inability to keep local talent at home. It was hoped that Sanford would reverse the fortunes of the long-suffering program with this new policy. His first two years at the helm produced just four total wins, on par with John Robinson's final season total.
Sanford's Rebels achieved one of the biggest victories in UNLV football history, a 23–20 overtime win at 15th-ranked Arizona State on September 13, 2008. Sanford said it was the biggest win of his coaching career.
At the end of the 2009 season, UNLV announced it had fired Sanford. He left the Rebels after five seasons with an overall mark of 16–43.
Indiana State
On December 14, 2012, Indiana State hired Sanford as the school's twenty-fourth head coach, taking over for Trent Miles who went 7–4 his final year.
The ensuing regime change for the Sycamores led to a season fraught with a struggle to adjust to the system implemented by Sanford and his new staff, multiple injuries to several key starters, and many off-field issues which led to Indiana State losing all but one game that season (a 70-7 victory over Quincy). Despite finishing the 2013 season with a disappointing 1-11 record, Sanford's Sycamores were more competitive than the overall record might indicate, with close losses to Purdue, Tennessee Tech, Youngstown State, South Dakota, and Western Illinois.
The 2014 season, however, showed a marked improvement by Indiana State in their second year under Sanford. After suffering an early defeat at the hands of Big Ten member Indiana University; the Sycamores followed a dominant performance against Tennessee Tech by completing an upset victory over the Division I FBS and historic rival Ball State Cardinals to reclaim the Victory Bell for the first time since 1987.
Sanford's leadership led to not only a record-setting senior season by quarterback Mike Perish, but a regular season record of 7-5 (4-4 in MVFC); as well as maintaining a Top 25 ranking since Week 4 (27 September). The Sycamores were 5-3 against ranked FCS teams and won their opening round NCAA playoffs game before falling to Chattanooga in the second round of the playoffs. The season concluded with an 8-6 record, the best for Indiana State in thirty years.
Indiana State took a step back in 2015 despite entering the season with high expectations following the successful 2014 campaign.
Following the graduation of starting quarterback Mike Perish, Sanford opted to start redshirt sophomore Matt Adam at quarterback. This ultimately forced ISU to alter the successful offensive game plan from the previous season and install a more rush-oriented offense tailored to Adam's skill set. Despite starting the season 4-2, the Sycamores suffered several devastating injuries that wore away at both the depth and consistency and led to ISU falling to North Dakota State, Illinois State, Northern Iowa, and Western Illinois in consecutive games. The Sycamores concluded their season with a 27-24 victory over Youngstown State to finish 5-6.
The 2016 season witnessed another disappointing regression. Starting quarterback Matt Adam was ruled academically ineligible to play and led to a competition that consisted of three inexperienced quarterbacks, which ultimately was won by Isaac Harker. Sparked by a potent passing game, the Sycamores started the season with a 3-1 record but ultimately faltered (blowing several leads) and lost six of their last seven games. Despite the poor 4-7 record the Sycamores notched their first victory over rival Illinois State for the first time in six years.
Sanford resigned as head coach of Indiana State December 16, 2016 citing a "special opportunity" following the appointment of his son, Mike Sanford Jr., as head coach of Western Kentucky. Sanford was 18-30 after four years at ISU.
Assistant coaching career
Sanford began his coaching career as a graduate assistant at USC in 1977. Since then, he has served as an assistant coach for numerous teams in the collegiate and professional ranks, including San Diego City College, the United States Military Academy, Virginia Military Institute, Long Beach State, Purdue, USC, Notre Dame, the San Diego Chargers and Stanford. In 2003 Urban Meyer hired Sanford as his offensive coordinator at Utah. That year, the Utes won the Mountain West Conference Championship and won the Liberty Bowl. The next year, the Utes repeated as conference champs and finished the season 12–0, including a win over Pittsburgh in the Fiesta Bowl. Sanford's offense averaged 45.3 points a game, and quarterback Alex Smith was MWC Player of the Year as well as a finalist for the Heisman Trophy. The following spring, Smith was the first overall pick in the 2005 NFL Draft, selected by the San Francisco 49ers.
Louisville
On December 22, 2009, Sanford was named offensive coordinator and assistant head coach at the University of Louisville.
After a lackluster offensive performance against Marshall on October 1, 2011, Sanford did not travel with the Cardinals for their next game, against North Carolina. He did not attend any of the practices in the week leading up to the game. Quarterbacks coach Shawn Watson served as offensive play-caller for that game. CBSSports.com's Brett McMurphy reported that Sanford had been fired and replaced by Watson. However, The Courier-Journal's Rick Bozich reported that Sanford was still with the team, but may be demoted to a position coach. Bozich later confirmed that Sanford was no longer offensive coordinator.
The following Monday, October 10, Strong announced that Watson would serve as offensive coordinator for the remainder of the season, but that Sanford would remain on the coaching staff in another capacity. He also denied rumors that there had been an altercation between them during the week.
On October 22, 2011, Strong announced that Sanford was no longer with the program.
Utah State (first stint)
Sanford joined the Utah State coaching staff in March 2012. He served as the assistant head coach and running backs/tight ends coach. Sanford previously worked with head coach Gary Andersen at the University of Utah.
Western Kentucky
Sanford joined the Western Kentucky coaching staff in December 2016. He served as the running backs coach and special teams coordinator under his son, Mike Sanford Jr.
Utah State (second stint)
Sanford joined the Utah State coaching staff for the 2019 season. He served as a consultant under head coach Gary Anderson and offensive coordinator Mike Sanford Jr., his son.
Personal
He is the father of former Western Kentucky head coach and current Minnesota offensive coordinator, Mike Sanford Jr.
Head coaching record
References
External links
Indiana State profile
1955 births
Living people
American football quarterbacks
Army Black Knights football coaches
High school football coaches in Nevada
Indiana State Sycamores football coaches
Junior college football coaches in the United States
Long Beach State 49ers football coaches
Louisville Cardinals football coaches
People from Los Altos, California
Players of American football from California
Purdue Boilermakers football coaches
San Diego Chargers coaches
Sportspeople from Santa Clara County, California
Stanford Cardinal football coaches
UNLV Rebels football coaches
USC Trojans football coaches
USC Trojans football players
Utah State Aggies football coaches
Utah Utes football coaches
VMI Keydets football coaches
Western Kentucky Hilltoppers football coaches
Mandhal is a major commercial town in Kuhi Taluka of Nagpur district. Mandhal is famous for Chilly production and is a major market attracting traders from across the state and the state of Madhya Pradesh, Telangana and Chhattisgarh. The Agricultural produce market committee (APMC) of Mandhal is one of the largest in the district (https://web.archive.org/web/20090410004745/http://agmarknet.nic.in/profile/profile_online/displayformdetails.asp?mkt=2116 ) that serves to 186 towns and villages in the Kuhi Taluka.
The historical name for Mandhal was Matangnagari. It is famous for Akhada i.e indian wrestling. Competitions are held each year for the pandav panchami of Diwali festival at Bhola hudki.
Nearby towns
Mandhal has direct connectivity with all nearby towns and cities. There is frequent bus service by Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) from the district headquarter Nagpur(55 km). It is connected with sub divisional headquarter Umred and taluka place Kuhi by all weather pucca road .
Route map for Mandhal
Click on to see road route and distance from Nagpur.
Weather of Mandhal
Click on to see complete weather forecast for Mandhal.
References
Cities and towns in Nagpur district
1956 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 50th water polo championship in Hungary. There were ten teams who played one-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1956 in water polo
1956 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
The canton of Dompierre-sur-Besbre is an administrative division in central France. At the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015, the canton was expanded from 9 to 32 communes:
Avrilly
Beaulon
Le Bouchaud
La Chapelle-aux-Chasses
Chassenard
Chevagnes
Chézy
Coulanges
Diou
Dompierre-sur-Besbre
Le Donjon
Gannay-sur-Loire
Garnat-sur-Engièvre
Lenax
Loddes
Luneau
Lusigny
Molinet
Monétay-sur-Loire
Montaiguët-en-Forez
Montcombroux-les-Mines
Neuilly-en-Donjon
Paray-le-Frésil
Pierrefitte-sur-Loire
Le Pin
Saint-Didier-en-Donjon
Saint-Léger-sur-Vouzance
Saint-Martin-des-Lais
Saint-Pourçain-sur-Besbre
Saligny-sur-Roudon
Thiel-sur-Acolin
Vaumas
Demographics
See also
Cantons of the Allier department
Communes of France
References
Cantons of Allier
Harry Wardman (April 11, 1872 – March 18, 1938) was a real estate developer in Washington, D.C. during the early 20th century whose developments included landmark hotels, luxury apartment buildings, and many rowhouses. When he died in 1938, one-tenth of the residents of Washington were said to live in a Wardman-built home.
Personal life
Born in Bradford, England in 1872 (the 1900 federal census - Washington, D.C. - says he was born April 1869), Wardman was the son of English textile workers. In 1889, at age 17, he arrived in New York City, where he worked in a department store. He later moved to Philadelphia, where he worked at the Wanamaker's department store and met his wife, Mary Hudson. They had one daughter, Alice. In 1898, he apprenticed himself to a local carpenter to learn construction. By 1900, Wardman was widowed. In 1902, Wardman moved to Washington, D.C., where he worked as a carpenter, learned to build staircases, and soon got into building homes and apartments. In 1908, he married Lillian Glascox. Harry and Lillian had one daughter, Helen.
Building career
Rowhouses
The first independent project Wardman embarked upon was a six-house ensemble in Sixteenth Street Heights, on Longfellow Street, in 1898; while the term did not exist yet, these were what would later be termed "rowhouses". The success of the Longfellow Street project pushed Wardman to scale this model up in Columbia Heights, in 1907, wherein he built blocks of rowhouses branching east and west off of Fourteenth Street, between Monroe Street and Spring Street. These 750 rowhouses included new design elements, most notably the front porch. Wardman built many of the city's rowhouses, especially in the neighborhoods of Columbia Heights, Bloomingdale, Eckington and Fort Stevens Ridge. To this day, his homes are renowned for their high-quality construction and materials. Some of his design ideas were copied by the dozens of other developers — Lewis Brueninger, Harry Kite, Francis Blundon, David Dunigan, and others — who built massive rows of townhouses in the District.
Apartments
Wardman's success at rowhouses allowed him to move up to building luxury apartment buildings, mostly designed by architect Albert H. Beers and Frank Russell White, and located along 16th Street, NW, Connecticut Avenue, Columbia Heights, and elsewhere. They include:
Northbrook Court - 3420/3426 16th Street, NW
The Chastleton - 1701 16th Street, NW
Somerset House - 1801 16th Street, NW
The Wardman - 1916 17th Street, NW
The Melwood - 1803 Biltmore Street, NW
The Brittany - 2001 16th Street, NW
The Dresden - 2126 Connecticut Avenue, NW
The Maxwell - 1419 Clifton Street, NW
The Nelson - 1733 20th Street, NW
Chatham Courts - 1707 Columbia Road, NW
Northumberland Apartments - 2039 New Hampshire Avenue, NW
Rutland Court - 1725 17th Street, NW
South Cathedral Mansions - 2900 Connecticut Avenue, NW
Wardman Court (formerly, Clifton Terrace) - 1312 Clifton Street, NW
Wardman Row - 1416-1440 R Street, NW
Copley Plaza - 1514 17th Street, NW
Cavanaugh Court - 1526 17th Street, NW
Apartment Building at 2225 N Street
The Brighton - 2123 California Street, NW
Hotels
In 1918, he opened the 1,200-room Wardman Park Hotel along Connecticut Avenue in Woodley Park. The hotel was successful, meeting the strong demand of an influx of government workers after World War I. It was expanded in 1928 with the Wardman Tower, an adjoining apartment building. The hotel was sold to Sheraton Hotels in 1953, becoming the Sheraton-Park Hotel. The main building was demolished in 1977 and replaced with a modern hotel, the Sheraton Washington Hotel. The Wardman Tower was saved and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The 1977 Sheraton Washington Hotel has since been renamed the Marriott Wardman Park, in honor of Wardman's original building.
In 1926 he built The Carlton Hotel, designed by Armenian-American architect Mihran Mesrobian and today known as The St. Regis Washington, D.C.
In 1928, Wardman built the Hay-Adams Hotel, also designed by Mesrobian and located across from Lafayette Park. Other landmarks built by Wardman include the British Embassy.
Wardman's efforts made him wealthy, and for a time he lived extravagantly in Washington and abroad. But most of his $30 million fortune vanished in the 1929 stock market crash. He continued to build middle-class homes. Wardman died in 1938 from cancer and is buried in Rock Creek Cemetery.
Suburban developments
In 1927, he assumed the presidency of Washington Suburban Realty Company, developer of Cheverly, Maryland. He held that position until the stock market crash of 1929.
References
Further reading
Berk, Sally (2004) "Wardman Row House Tour", D.C. Preservation Advocate. Spring 2004 newsletter.
Fleishman, Sandra (October 15, 2005) "Wardman's World", The Washington Post. p F01.
Kelsey & Associates, Inc. (Paul K. Williams). History of the Hay-Adams Hotel. Manuscript, 2000.
Toomey, Helen, Faith Hofstader (1998) Harry and Lillian Wardman Papers, 1916-1930, Special Collections Finding Aid. The Historical Society of Washington, D.C.
Washington Post (March 19, 1938) "Wardman Dies: Made and Lost Riches in Realty Englishman Who Became D.C. Building Leader Was 65. Wardman Dies Made and Lost Riches in Realty Wardman", The Washington Post. p. X1.
Williams, Paul K. 'Harry Wardman,' section included in various house histories, 1995-2006.
External links
American real estate businesspeople
Businesspeople from Washington, D.C.
1872 births
1938 deaths
English emigrants to the United States
Deaths from cancer
Burials at Rock Creek Cemetery
The canton of Chantelle is a former administrative division in central France. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It consisted of 15 communes, which joined the canton of Gannat in 2015. It had 5,310 inhabitants (2012).
The canton comprised the following communes:
Barberier
Chantelle
Chareil-Cintrat
Charroux
Chezelle
Deneuille-lès-Chantelle
Étroussat
Fleuriel
Fourilles
Monestier
Saint-Germain-de-Salles
Target
Taxat-Senat
Ussel-d'Allier
Voussac
Demographics
See also
Cantons of the Allier department
References
Former cantons of Allier
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
Ernest 'Ernie' Hannigan (23 January 1943 – 21 May 2015) was a Scottish footballer. Hannigan was a fast, tricky, right winger. He is perhaps best known for his games at 3 clubs and the partnership he forged with Scotland international centre forward Neil Martin at 2 of them; 147 games at Queen of the South and 47 at Coventry City (he played with Martin at both) and also for 98 games in between at Preston North End.
Career
Queen of the South
Ernie Hannigan kicked off his professional career joining Jimmy McKinnell Junior's Queen of the South in 1961, the Dumfries based club having spotted him playing amateur football in Glasgow with St Roch. As Hannigan later said, "Going to Queen of the South turned out to be a great move". Fast and tricky, he made his debut there at 17 on 5 April 1961 away to Albion Rovers. George Farm – Blackpool goalkeeper when winning the 1953 F.A. Cup final – became manager in the close season. Farm signed future Scotland international centre forward Neil Martin. Hannigan and Martin formed a great pairing that helped Queen of the South gain promotion back to the Scottish First Division (then Scotland's top flight). Also still at Queens at this time was Jim Patterson (251 strikes for the club make Jim Patterson the all-time goals king of Queens).
Hannigan's two remaining seasons at Queens were spent playing top division football. In this spell Queens recorded a 1-0 league victory away to Celtic. Teammate Iain McChesney later in an interview reflecting on his 20 years at Queens named Hannigan as being amongst the best player he played beside.
Ernie Hannigan stayed with Queens at Palmerston Park making 99 league appearances scoring 6 league goals until he was 20 when Preston signed him for £15,000 in June 1964. He would return to the club for a short spell in 1972 to make a further 13 league appearances. In total he would make 147 appearances scoring 8 goals for Queens.
Preston North End
Hannigan's debut was in the fourth match of the season in a 1–1 draw against Cardiff City at Deepdale on 31 August 1964. But appearances for Hannigan were limited in his first season in England, making just 11 first team appearances, as the number seven shirt was held for the remainder of the season by Dave Wilson, the 1964/65 season was the last before substitutes were allowed in the game.
The following season saw Ernie Hannigan make 29 league appearances and scored his first goal in a 5–2 defeat at Southampton in November 1965. Hannigan then scored in the next two matches against Derby County and Cardiff . Hannigan scored a brace in the FA Cup Third Round 3–2 victory against Charlton Athletic. Hannigan scored a further goal in the Fifth Round as PNE beat Tottenham Hotspur 2–1, before losing in the Quarter Finals against Manchester United in a replay.
Ernie Hannigan ended the season in great form scoring six of his eleven league goals in the last four matches of the season, culminating in a hat-trick on the last day of the season when Cardiff were beaten 9–0 at Deepdale.
The 1966/67 season saw Ernie Hannigan as an ever-present and finished with 12 goals one behind leading scorer Alex Dawson. Hannigan scored twice in a match on two occasions in a win over Birmingham City and a 5–1 victory at Northampton Town.
The following season saw Ernie Hannigan again score twice in a match on two occasions in a 3–1 victory at Norwich City and a 3–0 home win against Cardiff . His last appearance for PNE was on 4 November 1967 in a 1–1 home draw against. Hannigan had scored 28 goals from 98 appearances for Preston.
Coventry City & Torquay United
Hannigan joined Coventry City, who was playing in their first season in the top division, in November 1967 for a fee of £55,000. It had been a difficult start for Coventry as Noel Cantwell had replaced Jimmy Hill as manager in October 1967 and then took ten games before the new manager had got a win with the Sky Blues bottom of the table. In February 1968 Coventry won three games in a row to take them out of the relegation zone and Hannigan was joined by his old Queens partner Neil Martin who had signed from Sunderland for £90,000. Hannigan contributed five league goals during the 1967/68 season for Coventry as they eventually just avoided relegation, finishing third from bottom, one point above Sheffield United. He scored one goal the following season as Coventry again finished third from bottom, this time one point above Leicester City.
Of manager Noel Cantwell, Hannigan later said: "Cantwell was a nice guy but I used to argue with him all the time about the way he wanted me to play. I was a winger who wanted to take players on, but he wanted my first touch to be a cross into the box to aim for Tony Hateley and Neil Martin who were our two big centre-forwards."
Hannigan joined Torquay United on loan in December 1969, playing in the draws at home to Reading and Bournemouth, that month before returning to Coventry.
Later career
On leaving Coventry in 1970, Hannigan returned to Scotland with Morton, scoring six times in 32 league games. Hannigan then moved abroad by having a short spell in South Africa and United States by joining New York Cosmos in 1971. In Hannigan's second spell at Queen of the South in 1972 he would play his last game for the club away to Montrose on 23 September 1972., having spent the summer playing for the New Jersey Brewers. His last spell in the UK was with Raith Rovers where he found the net twice in five league games.
He then spent one season with Eastern Hong Kong before emigrating to Perth, Western Australia joining Stirling City. In 1975, he won a D'Orsogna Cup with Morley Windmills who he had joined the previous year as player-coach. Hannigan was also the recipient of the D'Orsogna 'Fairest and Best' Medal and runners-up in the Rothmans 'Fairest and Best' Medal. Hannigan made the first of twelve appearances for the Western Australian State in May 1974 against Scottish side Aberdeen and later played in the side that won the Mara Halim Cup, an international tournament in Indonesia. In 1979, he moved to Stirling Macedonia, again as player-coach, and in 1982 joined Spearwood Dalmatinacs, retiring from playing in 1983. In 1985, he was appointed coach of Galeb, a position he held until 1986, and later coached Yugal from 1991 to 1992
Hannigan gained the reputation as one of the best outside-right's Western Australian fans had seen. He was inducted into the Western Australian Hall of Fame when the Hall of Fame Committee selected the top one hundred players over the past Century. Hannigan was one of the 28 1970's players selected in the 'Century of Champions' when the ceremony took place in July 2004.
Later life
Hannigan lived in Perth and owned an industrial cleaning business. His business partner was the late Derek McKay (who died 20 April 2008 in his sleep whilst on holiday with family in Thailand) who played for Aberdeen and scored a brace in the 1970 Scottish Cup Final against Celtic. In 2011 Hannigan took the coach's role at amateur side Perth Celtic in their first season; he guided them to the championship and promotion to division 2. The club was formed by the West Australian Celtic supporters club.
Hannigan had been battling cancer and died at the age of 72 on 21 May 2015
References
External links
New York Cosmos stats
1943 births
Association football wingers
Scottish footballers
Queen of the South F.C. players
Preston North End F.C. players
Coventry City F.C. players
Torquay United F.C. players
Greenock Morton F.C. players
New York Cosmos players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) players
2015 deaths
St Roch's F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
English Football League players
Scottish expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Raith Rovers F.C. players
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in Australia
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in Australia
The National Centre for Technology in Education (NCTE) was an Irish government agency established in 1988 to facilitate the development, funding and use of information and communications technologies in education in the Republic of Ireland. It also developed software for school computers which blocked websites deemed unsuitable for children or potentially harmful to a computer.
In 2012, the National Centre for Technology in Education was made defunct and its functions integrated into the Irish government's Professional Development Service for Teachers (PDST) as "PDST Technology in Education".
References
External links
PDST Technology in Education
Educational organisations based in Ireland
Defunct government agencies of Ireland
Government agencies established in 1988
Government agencies disestablished in 2012
1988 establishments in Ireland
2012 disestablishments in Ireland
The women's 4 × 100 metres relay event at the 1975 Pan American Games was held in Mexico City on 20 October.
Results
References
Athletics at the 1975 Pan American Games
1975
Arada is a 2018 Turkish teen drama film written and directed by Mu Tunç in his feature film debut. The film tells the story of a young punk kid who wants to leave Istanbul in pursuit of a successful music career in California. The movie is depicting the underground life and punk music scene in Istanbul during the 1990's. The film stars Burak Deniz, Büşra Develi, Ceren Moray, Deniz Celiloğlu, Selim Bayraktar and Seda Akman. It was released nationwide on 13 April 2018, in 81 theaters and has premiered in international film festivals and museums. Arada considered as one of the first punk film of Turkey.
Synopsis
In 90's tumultuous Istanbul, Ozan is a young punk rocker who dreams of releasing a record in California. His father, Altan, is a former musician whose career was ended by a coup attempt. On the day of Ozan's birthday, they get into a heated argument about Ozan's future. Ozan leaves home to meet with his friend Deniz who tells him about a cruise ticket to California the next morning. Ozan and his girlfriend Lara set out through the city to house parties and underground rave party at a junkyard, to shisha bar on the search for the ticket.
Cast
Burak Deniz - Ozan
Büşra Develi - Lara
Eriş Akman - Altan
Deniz Celiloğlu - Bülent
Selim Bayraktar - Resul
Ceren Moray - Ezgi
Seda Akman - Party Girl
Yüksel Ünal - Pirate
Cem Başeksioğlu - Grandma
Mu Tunç as Recorder Man
Production
Mu Tunç's script was inspired by his childhood memories which his brother was one of the founding member of the pioneer punk bands in Istanbul. Many aspects of the film mirrored 1990's underground life in Istanbul and offers a look into a subculture that was largely unknown in Turkey and worldwide.
Accolades
Cinedays Skopje Film Festival: Winner Young Cinema Award (2018)
SIYAD Turkish Film Critics Association Award: Winner Best Original Music (2018)
International Izmir Film Festival: Winner Special Award (2019)
Rome Independent Film Festival: Nominee RIFF Jury Award for Best Film (2018)
!f 17th Istanbul Independent Film Festival: Nominee !f New Audience Award (2018)
See also
List of punk films
List of punk filmmakers
Cinema of Turkey
List of Turkish films of 2018
References
External links
MAD Museum of Arts and Design / New York - Global Punk Film Series
2018 films
2010s Turkish-language films
Films shot in Istanbul
Punk films
Turkish independent films
2018 directorial debut films
2018 drama films
2018 independent films
"Dreams" is the tenth single by High and Mighty Color; it was released on August 1, 2007.
Overview
"Dreams" is the first single from the band since January 2007 and their first since "Over" to contain more than one B-side. The title track of the single is used as the second ending theme for the anime Darker than Black and has been described as a ballad and about the sadness of breaking up. The first pressing of the single came with four exclusive character stickers from Darker than Black. The single is unlike any other single in the fact that rather than crediting "High and Mighty Color" for writing the lyrics and composing the music from Roxy production, "Dreams" gives the specifics for who wrote the lyrics on some of the songs. The single charted the 18th place on Oricon during its first day and would go on to obtain the 24th spot on the weekly charts.
Music video
Released July 15, 2007, the music video for Dreams opens up to an unseen figure dropping a mass of broken crystal from her hands. Maki is then seen getting a hair cut as the song begins, with Yuusuke on a couch, singing in the background. Maki is then shown standing alone before showing up in a room with a large window. Yuusuke appears not too long after and he and Maki switch from standing in the background and foreground. As a myriad of bright hues cover the screen, Yuusuke and Maki are seen singing together in a white room, each facing away from the other. The girl dropping the broken crystals at the beginning of the video is then revealed to be Maki. During the bridge, other members of the band are seen playing their instruments in the room with one window, the edges of the screen are colored bright blue and yellow with shots of Maki's face interspersed. Yuusuke and Maki are then seen in the room once more before the screen returns to Maki singing by herself in the room with one window. Another quick shot of Makai and Yuusuke in the white room is shown for a few seconds before switching to Yuusuke singing alone in a room and the other members once again showing off their playing. Maki then returns to her hair cut and shots of her singing on a yellow tinted screen are interspersed at different times before the song and video ends on a close up of Maki.
Track list
"Dreams" – 5:22
Lyrics: Maakii & Yuusuke
Music: HIGH and MIGHTY COLOR
"Feel Like Dance" – 4:19
Lyrics: Maakii & Yuusuke
Music: HIGH and MIGHTY COLOR
– 3:41
Lyrics: MEG, mACKAz, & Yuusuke
Music: MEG & Roxy Production
"Dreams (Instrumental)" – 5:22
Music: MEG & Roxy Production
Personnel
Maakii & Yuusuke — vocals
Kazuto — guitar
Meg — guitar
Mackaz — bass
Sassy — drums
Charting
Oricon Sales Chart (Japan)
References
Songs about dreams
2007 singles
High and Mighty Color songs
Anime songs
2007 songs
fr:Dream#Dreams
Michael Skjelderup (22 October 1769 – 16 April 1852) was a Norwegian physician and educator.
Skjelderup was born in the parish of Hof in Vestfold, Norway. He graduated from the Royal Danish Academy of Surgery (1794) and first held a position as a professor at the University of Copenhagen (1805–14). He subsequently became a professor at the University of Oslo (1815 - 1849). He was the father of Norwegian Government minister Jacob Worm Skjelderup.
References
External links
Michael Quarterly – The Norwegian Medical Society
Michael Skjelderup Gold Metal- University of Oslo
1769 births
1852 deaths
People from Vestfold
19th-century Norwegian physicians
Norwegian educators
University of Copenhagen alumni
University of Copenhagen faculty
University of Oslo faculty
Recipients of the St. Olav's Medal
Knights of the Order of the Polar Star
Burials at the Cemetery of Our Saviour
Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters
Miriam Seymour Burland (1902 – April 1, 1996) was a Canadian astronomer. She was the first woman on staff at the Dominion Observatory, when she joined the Astrophysics Division in 1927.
Early life
Miriam Seymour Burland was born in Montreal, the daughter of Benjamin Burland and Bertha Belasco Burland. Her mother was active in the social life of Saint-Lambert, as founder of the town's Tuesday Musical Club and the Christmas Tree League. Miriam Burland attended Longueuil High School in Montreal, and studied mathematics and physics at McGill University, where she was also an avid ice hockey player. She trained as an astronomer at McGill, under Vibert Douglas.
Career
Burland joined the Astrophysics Division at the Dominion Observatory in 1927, and was the first woman on staff at the Observatory. In the 1930s she served in leadership positions at the Ottawa Centre of the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada (RASC), including a term as president. She worked on photoelectric photometry of Cepheid variables, and later studied meteors. She was on three teams of scientists observing major solar eclipses in Canada, in 1932, 1954, and 1962.
From the mid-1950s, still the only woman astrophysicist on staff, she served as the observatory's education and information liaison, compiling reports, arranging public tours, and answering inquiries. She and Peter Millman coordinated a meteor observation program in Canada for the International Geophysical Year (1957-1958). In 1960, she was among the observatory's representatives at the opening of the Dominion Radio Astrophysical Observatory in British Columbia. In the 1960s, she served on the National Committee for Canada in the International Astronomical Union. She was a regular contributor to the Journal of the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada. She was received the RASC's Service Award in 1963. "I know there are five PhDs who became scientists because of visits to the Observatory and my interest in their careers," she noted on the occasion of her retirement from the Dominion Observatory in 1967.
Publications
Publications by Burland included "Combined Radar, Photographic and Visual Observations of the Perseid Meteor Shower of 1947" (Nature 1948, with Peter Millman and D. W. R. McKinley), and "Wave Lengths, Equivalent Widths, and Line Profiles in the Spectrum of the Star H. D. 190073" (Canadian Journal of Research 1949, with C. S. Beals).
Personal life
Miriam Seymour Burland was active in the Zonta Club in Ottawa, and served as its president in 1941. She died in 1996, aged 93 years, in Ottawa.
References
1902 births
1996 deaths
20th-century Canadian astronomers
Women astronomers
McGill University Faculty of Science alumni
Scientists from Montreal
20th-century Canadian women scientists
The Sports Network was a wire service providing sports information in real time. Based in Hatboro, Pennsylvania, The Sports Network was especially noted for its coverage of the NCAA's Football Championship Subdivision in college football; it presented that group's major end-of-season awards—the Walter Payton Award for the top offensive player, the Buck Buchanan Award for the top defensive player, the Jerry Rice Award for the top freshman and the Eddie Robinson Award for the top coach. It served a list of clients that included Viacom, Yahoo, and the Canadian television channel The Sports Network, and was a partner with United Press International.
Lawsuit
The Sports Network sued Disney in May 2004 over Disney-owned ESPN's illicit usage of Minor League Baseball data and statistics. Both sides settled in January 2005.
Site attack
In April 2008, The Sports Network's online services were shut down for several days by PRC hackers.
Acquisition
On February 10, 2015, The Sports Network was acquired by STATS LLC and its Hatboro headquarters were closed in July 2015.
References
Sports mass media in the United States
Susann Götz (born in Bad Muskau, East Germany) is a German ice hockey defender.
International career
Götz was selected for the Germany women's national ice hockey team in the 2006 and 2014 Winter Olympics. In 2006, she did not record a point in five games. In 2014, she had one goal and three assists in the five games.
Götz also played for Germany in the qualifying event for the 2014 Winter Olympics, the 2010 Olympics and the 2006 Olympics.
As of 2014, Götz has also appeared for Germany at eight IIHF Women's World Championships. Her first appearance came in 2004.
Career statistics
International career
Through 2013-14 season
References
External links
Eurohockey.com Profile
Sports-Reference Profile
1982 births
People from Bad Muskau
Living people
Olympic ice hockey players of Germany
Ice hockey players at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
German women's ice hockey defencemen
Sportspeople from Saxony
Take It Like a Man may refer to:
"Take It Like a Man" (Bachman–Turner Overdrive song)
"Take It Like a Man" (Cher song)
"Take It Like a Man" (Dragonette song)
"Take It Like a Man" (Michelle Wright song)
"Take It Like a Man", a song from the album Ignition by The Offspring.
Take It Like a Man (Butcher Babies album)
Take It Like a Man (Amanda Shires album)
Take It Like a Man, an EP by Shannon Curfman
Take It Like a Man (autobiography), by Boy George
Ivan Vasilevich Zaporozhets (Russian: Иван Васильевич Запорожец; 6 January 1895 – 14 August 1937) was a Ukrainian Soviet security officer and official of the OGPU-NKVD who was suspected of being involved in the assassination of Sergei Kirov in Leningrad in December 1934.
Career
Zaporozhets was born in Berdyansk, in Ukraine, the son of a zemstvo agronomist. He was a member of the Ukrainian Party of Socialist Revolutionaries from his student years. He was drafted in to Imperial Russian Army in 1915 and returned to Russia during the Russian Civil War, and joined the Russian Communist Party(b) in 1919. In 1921–27, he worked for the Foreign Department of the Joint State Political Directorate (OGPU) in Austria and Germany. In March 1931, he was appointed deputy head of the Secret Political Department. In 1932, he was transferred to Leningrad as deputy head of the regional OGPU. He brought in his own staff from Moscow, and was known to act independently of his nominal department head, Filipp Medved. In August 1934, he broke several bones during a fall from a horse, and was recuperating at the time of the Kirov murder.
Murder of Sergei Kirov
Zaporozhets was first publicly accused of complicity in the murder of Sergei Kirov during the third Moscow Show Trial in March 1938. The story told there was that some time before the assassination – and presumably before Zaporozhets's accident – the assassin, Leonid Nikolayev, was caught by security guards carrying a gun and a map of the route Kirov normally took at party headquarters. Yagoda 'confessed' that when Zaporozhets reported this incident to him, he and when Yagoda confessed that he was "compelled to instruct Zaporozhets not to place any obstacles in the way of the terrorist act against Kirov", and so Nikolayev was released and allowed to make a second attempt. Zaporozhets was also accused of organising the murder of Kirov's bodyguard, Borisov, "a dangerous witness", who died in a road accident on the day after Kirov's murder.
The person who supposedly 'compelled' Yagoda to be a party to the murder was Avel Yenukidze. According to Yagoda, Yenudkize "insisted" that Kirov had to die. That detail was definitively discredited in 1960, when Yenudkidze was rehabilitated and posthumously readmitted to the communist party, but the suspicion remained that some of the details given in court were true - with the crucial difference that the person doing the compelling and insisting was Joseph Stalin. The historian of the Great Purge, Robert Conquest observed: "If anyone in Soviet political life was totally unqualified to insist on anything, it was Yenukidze ... If we were to substitute for him the name of a man who was in a position to insist, we should not have to look far." The NKVD officer, Alexander Orlov, who defected to the west, suspected it was true, because of the lenient treatment Zaporozhets was given while he was in the Gulag.
Later career
Zaporozhets returned to Leningrad in time for Kirov's funeral, after which he was arrested and accused of negligence. On 23 January 1935, he was sentenced to three years in the Gulag, where he was treated as a trustee in charge of other prisoners. Senior officers still based in Moscow sent him records and radio sets. His wife was allowed to accompany him, and his third child, a girl, was born in Magadan in July 1935.
Zaporozhets was rearrested in 1937, when the head of the NKVD, Nikolai Yezhov, ordered a purge of officers who had held senior positions under his predecessor, Genrikh Yagoda. His name was on a list of 25 former officers or their family members, including Leopold Averbakh and Karl Pauker shot on 14 August 1937.
In literature
Zaporozhets appears as a character in the novel Children of the Arbat, by Anatoly Rybakov. where he is described as "tall and broad-shouldered, a wit and a joker who loved good wines and women and sang well."
References
1895 births
1937 deaths
Soviet police officers
Cheka officers
NKVD officers
Great Purge victims from Russia
In 2002, the Fields Institute initiated its fellowship program to recognize outstanding contributions to activities at the Fields Institute and within the Canadian mathematical community. The following is a list of fellows of the Fields Institute by year of appointment.
Fellows
References
2002 establishments in Canada
Academic awards
Canadian awards
Fields
Fields Institute
The Diocese of Saluzzo () is a Catholic ecclesiastical territory in the Piedmont region of northwestern Italy, centered in the comune of Saluzzo. The diocese was established on 29 October 1511 for political reasons, to transform the Marquisate of Saluzzo into an ecclesiastic territory, and was directly dependent upon the Holy See. It is now a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Turin.
History
The diocese of Saluzzo was established by Pope Julius II on 29 October 1511, in his bull Pro excellenti.
The church selected for the new cathedral had formerly been the Church of S. Maria Assunta. In 1481 Count Lodovico II prevailed upon Pope Sixtus IV to establish the church as a Collegiate Church, headed by a Dean and six dignities (Archdeacon, Provost, Archpriest, Cantor, Precentor, Treasurer), with twelve Canons. The canonical establishment of the Collegiate Church was carried out by Cardinal Domenico della Rovere on 21 January 1483. As a cathedral, it was staffed by a Cathedral Chapter, which consisted of six dignities (including the Archdeacon, the Archpriest, the Provost, the Cantor, the Precentor and the Treasurer) and twelve additional Canons. The new Chapter collected its various regulations into a Statute book, which was confirmed by the new Bishop on 3 November 1516
A diocesan synod was opened on 3 August 1516 by Bishop Giuliano Tornabuoni (1516–1530). A set of statutes, containing eighty-seven clauses, was issued. Tornabuoni then went to Rome, to have Pope Leo X rule on some questions about civil and religious jurisdiction in the diocese of Saluzzo. But on 22 October 1517 he had already been appointed Castellan of the Castel S. Angelo, which required his continuing presence in Rome; he was still Castellan on 19 October 1521, according to the records of the Chapter of the cathedral of Saluzzo. Saluzzo was governed by his Vicar General, Filippo de Pistorio, and episcopal functions were delegated to Antonio Vacca, the titular Bishop of Nicomedia.
In 1522 the duchy of Saluzzo was attacked by forces of the Emperor Charles V, led by Pompeo Colonna, who were planning to invade Provence. The ducal family was forced to flee, and the town of Saluzzo was taken by the lances of the imperial army. In 1523 and again in 1525 the Marquisate was stricken by the plague. And on 20 February 1525 the whole of Piedmont suffered two large earthquakes.
A diocesan synod, the fifteenth, was held on 5—7 October 1954 by Bishop Egidio Luigi Lanza.
Bishops of Saluzzo
from 1511 to 1698
Gianantonio della Rovere (1511–1512)
Sisto Gara della Rovere (1512–1516)
Giuliano Tornabuoni (1516–1530 Resigned)
Alfonso Tornabuoni (1530–1546)
Filippo Archinto (1546–1556)
Gabriele Cesano (1556–1568)
Giovanni Maria Tapparelli, O.P. (1568–1581)
Giovanni Luigi Pallavicino Ceva (1581–1583)
Antonio Francesco Pichot, O.S.B. (1583–1597)
Sede vacante (1597–1602)
Giovanni Giovenale Ancina, C.O. (1602–1604 Died)
Sede vacante (1604–1608)
Ottavio Viale (1608–1624)
[Agappino Solano de' Conti di Moretta]
Giacomo Marenco (1627–1634)
Pietro Bellino (1636–1641 Died)
Francesco Agostino della Chiesa (1642–1662)
Carlo Piscina (1664–1668 Died)
Nicola Lepori, O.P. (1668–1686)
Michael Ludovicus Tevenardi, O.P. (1688–1697 Died)
from 1698 to 1901
Carlo Giuseppe Morozzo, O. Cist. (1698–1729)
Giovanni Battista Lomellini, O.P. (1729–1733)
Sede vacante (1733 or 1735 – 1741)
Giuseppe Filippo Porporato (1741–1781 Died)
Giuseppe Gioacchino Lovera (1783–1799 Died)
Giuseppe Francesco Maria Ferraris da Genola (1800)
Teresio Maria Carlo Vittorio Ferrero della Marmora (1805–1824 Resigned)
Sede vacante (1824–1828)
Antonio Podestà (1828–1836)
Giovanni Antonio Gianotti (Giannotti) (1837–1863)
Sede vacante (1863–1867)
Lorenzo Gastaldi (1867–1871)
Alfonso Buglione di Monale (1871–1894)
Mattia Vicario (1895–1901 Appointed, Bishop of Novara)
since 1900
Giovanni Oberti, Sch. P. (1901–1942)
Egidio Luigi Lanzo, O.F.M. Cap. (1943–1973)
Antonio Fustella (1973–1986)
Sebastiano Dho (1986–1993 Appointed, Bishop of Alba Pompea)
Diego Natale Bona (1994–2003)
Giuseppe Guerrini (2003–2016 Retired)
Cristiano Bodo (17 Dec 2016– )
Parishes
Ninety of the diocese's 91 parishes are in the province of Cuneo in south-west Piedmont; the last is in the neighbouring province of Turin.
Notes
Bibliography
References
p. 821. (in Latin)
Studies
Savio, Carlo Fedele (1911). Saluzzo e i suoi vescovi, 1475-1601. Saluzzo: Fratelli Lobeto Bodoni.
Rovera, Giovanni; Bessone, Carlo (1997). Il Duomo di Saluzzo. Savigliano : L'artistica Savigliano, 1997.
1511 establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
Religious organizations established in the 1510s
Saluzzo
Province of Cuneo
Province of Turin
Saluzzo
Saluzzo
Roosevelt & Son was an American investment banking firm connected with the Roosevelt family for nearly two centuries. The firm was among the oldest banking houses on Wall Street. Many of the male members of the Roosevelt family worked for the firm in some capacity.
History
Roosevelt & Son traces its history back to 1797, just seven years after Alexander Hamilton issued $80,000,000 of United States Government bonds, setting off the modern American banking system. The firm was founded as a hardware business by James Jacobus Roosevelt at 97 Maiden Lane in Manhattan. James' son Cornelius Roosevelt would join the business in 1818 as a partner and the firm would be renamed James I. Roosevelt & Son. Roosevelt & Son entered banking in the early decades of the 19th century by discounting the notes of various customers of the hardware business and later other merchants in New York City. In 1824, the Roosevelts were involved in the formation of Chemical Bank. By 1850, Roosevelt had transitioned from the hardware trade to the importation of plate glass which was an important component of the construction boom going on at that time in New York.
In 1865, Cornelius Roosevelt retired from the company and by that time, in the mid-1860s, Roosevelt & Son had begun the transition toward becoming a full-fledged banking house, primarily focused on private banking and investments. In 1876, the company sold its plate glass business to an English company and from that point forward was focused exclusively on financial services. The firm was known primarily for its "unbiased investment counsel" which the firm provided to a client base that included institutional investors, high-net-worth individuals and various trusts and estates.
In 1928, W. Emlen Roosevelt, first cousin of President Theodore Roosevelt, celebrated 50 years as a partner in the firm. In 1931, Van Santvoord Merle-Smith, Irving Brown, Charles B. Robinson and Charles E. Weigold were proposed as general partners in the firm. John K. Roosevelt was proposed as a special partner, as was the estate of Emlen Roosevelt, a former general partner of the firm who died in 1930.
Break-up of the firm
In 1934, in response to the passage of the Glass–Steagall Act Roosevelt & Son separated into three firms:
Roosevelt & Son continued under its original name under the direction of George Emlen Roosevelt and his brother Philip James Roosevelt. Roosevelt & Son operated principally as an investment management firm. In early 1973, Clark, Dodge & Co. took over some personnel and the lease of the firm, and on August 22, 1973, Roosevelt & Son ceased to do business.
Roosevelt & Weigold was headed by Archibald Roosevelt and Charles E. Weigold, and operated primarily as an underwriter of municipal bonds. The firm was suspended during World War II, when Roosevelt volunteered to serve in the U.S. Army. In 1946, Roosevelt founded Roosevelt & Cross with Edwin J. Cross. The firm continues to focus on municipal bond underwriting.
Dick & Merle Smith was headed by Fairman R. Dick and Van S. Merle-Smith as well as Charles B. Robinson and John K. Roosevelt. Julian Roosevelt served as a vice-president of the firm in the 1970s.
See also
Roosevelt family
List of investment banks
References
Notes
Sources
Business: Who Plants, Tends. Time Magazine, Feb. 17, 1947
Defunct financial services companies of the United States
Financial services companies established in 1797
Banks established in 1797
Financial services companies disestablished in 1934
Banks disestablished in 1934
Former investment banks of the United States
American companies established in 1797
American companies disestablished in 1934
The Tarawera River is in the Bay of Plenty Region in the North Island of New Zealand.
It flows from Lake Tarawera, northeastwards across the northern flanks of the active volcano Mount Tarawera, and past the town of Kawerau before turning north, reaching the Bay of Plenty west of Edgecumbe.
The Tarawera Falls on the river are considered to be quite spectacular.
Environmental issues
The Tasman Pulp and Paper Mill, now owned by Norske Skog, has been discharging waste into the river since 1955. Local residents have erected signposts labelling the river as the "Black Drain" since the 1990s.
The dark colour is due to the presence of pollution from farms, sewage and stormwater but it is predominantly from pulp and paper mill effluent. As of 1997, pulp and paper mills were discharging over 160 million litres of industrial waste into the river per day. By 2006, the oxygen levels in the river had reached a level where fish could survive, however the water colour was still dark. Since 1998 the colour and light penetration (euphotic depth) have improved in the lower section of the river due to less pollution from the Tasman Mill.
In 2009, the mill gained permission to continue polluting the river for the next 25 years. In 2010, local iwi took a case to the High Court to shorten the 25 year water discharge permits issued under the Resource Management Act but the appeal was rejected.
References
External links
Rivers of the Bay of Plenty Region
Water pollution in New Zealand
Rivers of New Zealand
Georgios Dimitri Kyriazis (Greek: Γεώργιος Κυριαζής; born 28 February 1980 in Thessaloniki) is a Greek footballer. He is currently the assistant manager for the Rochester Rhinos in the USL Professional Division.
He was the member of Greek U21 team at 2002 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship.
In late August 2005 he was signed by Serie B team Triestina in a reported 3-year contract. In July 2008 he left for Salernitana in a reported 2-year contract.
In 2013, Kyriazis retired after two seasons with the Rochester Rhinos. He has since served as the Junior Rhinos Technical Director and in 2015 he was named the assistant manager for the club's pro team.
References
External links
gazzetta.it
1980 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greece under-21 international footballers
Footballers from Thessaloniki
Catania S.S.D. players
S.S. Arezzo players
Greek expatriate footballers
U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918 players
U.S. Salernitana 1919 players
Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C. players
Rochester New York FC players
Greek expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Association football defenders
Super League Greece players
Serie B players
USL Championship players
Greek football managers
Greece women's national football team managers
Armin Suppan (born 16 October 1959) is an Austrian brass musician and composer.
Life
Born in Graz, son of the musicologist Wolfgang Suppan, Suppan studied music at the University of Music and Performing Arts Graz as well as at the Hochschule für Musik Detmold. In 1984, he received his diploma in French horn training with Michael Hoeltzel. In 1987, he completed additional studies in conducting and chamber music with Walter Hügler in Biel and Milan Turković in Vienna. Initially active as a conductor of wind orchestras in the South Baden area of Kappelrodeck, Ortenberg, he began his military bandmaster training in Austria in 1994. In 1999, Suppan passed the military bandmaster examination. In the same year he joined the teaching staff of the , where he heads the wind department and the wind music information centre. Suppan has gained international recognition as wind music expert and instrumentator for Symphonic Wind Orchestra.
Compositions
Johann-Joseph-Fux-Suite, Freiburg 1987, Schulz.
Rondo für Schulorchester, für solistische Bläser und Streichquartett, Freiburg 1988, Schulz (Musik aus der Steiermark, issue 128).
Schlossberg-Hymne, Freiburg 1988, Schulz.
Wiener Barock-Ouvertüre, Bad Aussee 1993, Adler.
Ortenberg-Fanfare, Bad Aussee 1996, Adler.
Nordpol-Fanfare, Bad Aussee 1997, Adler.
Dream Day. Festlicher Tagesanbruch, Bad Aussee 1998, Adler.
Etüden und Vortragsstücke für Waldhorn, Freiburg 1980, Schulz.
Writings
Kongreßbericht Banská Bystrica 1998.
Repertorium der Märsche für Blasorchester. 2 volumes, Tutzing 1982 and 1990 (Alta musica 6 and 13).
Das Neue Lexikon des Blasmusikwesens. (with Wolfgang Suppan), 4th edition, Freiburg 1994, .
References
External links
20th-century classical composers
Austrian composers
Austrian musicians
1959 births
Living people
Composers from Graz
Christian Düring (born 22 July 1939) is a German former sports shooter. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics for East Germany.
References
External links
1939 births
Living people
German male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of East Germany
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1972 Summer Olympics
People from Eberswalde
Sportspeople from Brandenburg
General elections were held in Burma between 1 and 15 January 1978. The country was a one-party state at the time, with the Burma Socialist Programme Party as the sole legal party. It therefore won all 464 seats in People's Assembly. Voter turnout was reported to be 93.3%.
Results
References
1978 in Burma
Elections in Myanmar
Burma
One-party elections
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
Helix SF was a quarterly American speculative fiction online magazine edited by William Sanders and Lawrence Watt-Evans. The poetry editor was Bud Webster.
History and profile
Sanders began the magazine in 2006 as "a place where writers could publish things that none of the regular markets wanted to touch" without any attempt "to be a commercial publication." The venture was supported entirely by reader donations, though Sanders emphasized in his first editorial that the intention was to make Helix SF "a professional-quality online magazine." The magazine was not open to general submissions.
Each issue of Helix SF featured 7 stories, 4 to 6 poems, several regular columns, and editorials by both the editors. The magazine was nominated for the 2008 Hugo Award for Best Semiprozine, the short story "Captive Girl" by Jennifer Pelland, published in the Fall 2006 issue, was nominated for the 2007 Nebula Award, and the poem "Thirteen Ways of Looking at a Black Hole" by Lawrence Schimel, published in the Winter 2007 issue, took the 3rd place Rhysling Award in the short poem category for 2007. The short story "The Button Bin" by Mike Allen, published in the Fall 2007 issue, was nominated for the 2008 Nebula Award. The poem "Search" by Geoffrey A. Landis, published in the Fall 2008 issue, won the long form Rhysling Award in 2009.
In the Fall, 2008 issue, Sanders announced "This will be the final issue of Helix." Sanders stated that "Perhaps the biggest one is the ongoing failure to develop a broad support base. Not that we've ever hurt for money — we've always been able to pay the writers, if not pro rates, at least considerably better than the average free webzine - but as things have turned out, the support has come mainly from a small number of amazingly generous donors, rather than over a wide range of the readership." On January 1, 2009, the Helix archives were removed from the web and replaced with an explanation for the magazine's demise and links to several of the stories at other locations. Helix's entire domain is now unavailable as the domain registration was not renewed.
Other authors published include Jayme Lynn Blaschke, Bruce Boston, Adam-Troy Castro, Melanie Fletcher, Esther Friesner, Janis Ian, N.K. Jemisin, Jay Lake, Vera Nazarian, Michael H. Payne, Peg Robinson, Jane Yolen, and Steven H Silver.
References
External links
The editor's explanation for the magazine's demise
Quarterly magazines published in the United States
Defunct science fiction magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 2006
Magazines disestablished in 2008
Science fiction webzines
Dražovice may refer to places in the Czech Republic:
Dražovice (Klatovy District), a municipality and village in the Plzeň Region
Dražovice (Vyškov District), a municipality and village in the South Moravian Region
Gurugram Public School (known as GPS) is a K-12 school located in Sector 55 and Sector 62 Gurgaon.
History
The school was started in the year 2001 at Sector 55 Gurgaon and further expended into another school in sector 62. School is affiliated to Central Board of Secondary Education, New Delhi.
Facilities
The school provides the following facilities :
Library
Equipped laboratories
Language lab
CCTV Cameras in classrooms
Sports complex
Transport facilities
School has CCTV monitoring and Smart Boards in Classrooms. School also offer Day boarding facilities for the students.
Activities
The school organizes many activities for their students e.g. sports sessions, awareness programs etc. In this sequence, a Disaster Management Workshop was organised at School by the Green Locus (an organization that provides unique Himalayan experiences) where the theme was ‘Responsible living by learning from the wisdom of nature and the Himalayas'. The Workshop was conducted by trainers from Adventure Guide Welfare Society (AGWS), Nainital.
See also
Education in India
Literacy in India
Amity International School, Gurgaon
List of institutions of higher education in Haryana
References
External links
Gurugram Public School – Official Website
CBSE Website
Private schools in Haryana
Primary schools in India
High schools and secondary schools in Haryana
Schools in Gurgaon
Educational institutions established in 2001
2001 establishments in Haryana
Loznica () is a village in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 432 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Rawson C. Myrick (August 31, 1882—April 8, 1974) was a Vermont businessman and Republican politician who served as Secretary of State of Vermont for 20 years.
Biography
Rawson Clark Myrick was born in Bridport, Vermont on August 31, 1882, the son of Thadius J. and Alice (Fitch) Myrick. He was educated in Bridport, and then taught school while also working on his father's farm.
He attended Burlington Business College, and then accepted a position on the staff of the U.S. Consulate in Three Rivers, Quebec.
Myrick returned to Vermont to work as the personal assistant to Norman S. Foote, a Middlebury real estate broker and property manager. In 1906, he joined the staff of the Vermont Secretary of State. He was promoted to Deputy Secretary of State in 1909, and served in this post until 1927.
In May, 1927, Secretary of State Aaron H. Grout resigned, and Governor John E. Weeks appointed Myrick to fill the vacancy. He was elected to a full term in 1928, and was reelected nine times. He served until September 1947, when he resigned. He had already announced that he would not be a candidate for reelection in 1948 when he decided to leave office before the completion of his term as the result of a long period of ill health. Myrick was succeeded by his deputy, Helen E. Burbank, who was appointed to fill the vacancy. At 20 years, Myrick's tenure as Secretary of State is the longest in Vermont's history; George Nichols served for 19 years.
In retirement, Myrick resided in Montpelier. He died at Porter Hospital in Middlebury on April 8, 1974, and was buried at Green Mount Cemetery in Montpelier.
Family
In 1914, Myrick married Florence Wheelock (1890-1918). They were the parents of two daughters: Virginia (1915-1955), the wife of Stanley R. Sloan (1911-1975); and Florence (1918-2009), who was the wife of Edward Seager (1918-1985) of South Barre.
In 1925, Myrick married Hannah Dvorcef (1895-1982) of Montpelier. Their son Rawson Jr. died in a 1978 car accident.
References
Sources
Books
Newspapers
1882 births
1974 deaths
People from Bridport, Vermont
Vermont Republicans
Secretaries of State of Vermont
Burials at Green Mount Cemetery (Montpelier, Vermont)
Kepplerites is a moderate evolute ammonite from the lower Callovian (upper Middle Jurassic) included in the Stephanoceratoidea.
Inner whorls are finely ribbed and have a flattened or grooved venter, the outer whorl has a rounded venter with smooth ribs that cross from side to side without interruption.
Kepplerites is assigned to the Kosmoceratidae and to the subfamily Keppleritinae. Gulielmina and Seymourites are closely related genera, sometimes regarded as subgenera of Kepplerites.Kepplerites was named by Neumayr and Uhlig in 1892. The type species K keppleri is from Germany. This genus has also been found in Alaska, British Columbia, Madagascar, and Russia.
Biostratigraphic significance
The International Commission on Stratigraphy (ICS) has assigned the First Appearance Datum of the genus Kepplerites as the defining biological marker for the start of the Callovian Stage of the Jurassic, 166.1 ± 1.2 million years ago.
References
Arkell et al., 1957. Mesozoic Ammonoidea; Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology, part L, Ammonoidea. Geological Soc. of America and Univ. Kansas Press.
Kepplerites'' illustrated in jsdammonites
Jurassic ammonites
Index fossils
Prehistoric animals of Madagascar
Callovian life
Ammonitida genera
Stephanoceratoidea
was a Japanese lyricist, composer, author, essayist, and television personality of Chinese descent.
Ei wrote the lyrics to the song "Ue o Muite Arukō", known internationally as "Sukiyaki", which has been used in several English language films. He also wrote the lyrics to the song "Miagete Goran Yoru no Hoshi o" sung by Kyu Sakamoto in 1963. He was a graduate of Waseda University.
Books
(1985)
(1986)
(1987)
(1990)
(1993)
(1994)
TV shows
Shichiji ni aimashō
Radio programs
TBS Radio
TBS Radio
Lyrics
(1959) "Kuroi hanabira" () ; "Black Petals"
(1961) "Ue o muite arukō" () ; "Sukiyaki"
(1962) "Tōku e ikitai" () ; "I want to go to far away"
(1963) "Miagete Goran Yoru no Hoshi o" ()
(1963) "Wakai kisetsu" ()
(1963) "Konnichiwa akachan" ()
(1965) "Kaerokana" ()
(1979) "Hajimete no machi de" ()
References
External links
books by Rokusuke Ei at Amazon.com
Information about use of the song "Sukiyaki" in films
Recording of song "Sukiyaki"
Music by Rokusuke Ei
1933 births
2016 deaths
Japanese radio personalities
Japanese writers
Japanese essayists
Japanese people of Chinese descent
Writers from Tokyo
Waseda University alumni
The Burkina Faso national under-20 football team is the under-20 youth team for national football in Burkina Faso. The team is controlled by the Burkinabé Football Federation.
The team participated at the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship held in the United Arab Emirates. They did very well in the group stage and finished first. In the round of 16 they were eliminated by Canada 1-0. That tournament was their first ever U-20 World Cup.
The team won the gold medal in the men's tournament at the 2019 African Games held in Morocco. This was the first time the team won gold at the African Games. Djibril Ouattara was among the top scorers in the tournament.
Current squad
The following players were selected for the 2021 Africa U-20 Cup of Nations.
References
African national under-20 association football teams
under-20
Callum Garden (born 3 December 1999) is a Scottish cricketer. In June 2019, he was selected to represent Scotland A in their tour to Ireland to play the Ireland Wolves. He made his List A debut for Scotland A against the Ireland Wolves on 5 June 2019. He made his Twenty20 debut for Scotland A against the Ireland Wolves on 11 June 2019.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Scottish cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Yankee Handicap was an American Thoroughbred horse race first run at the 1935 opening meet of Suffolk Downs in East Boston, Massachusetts. A race for three-year-olds, it was contested on dirt at a mile and an eighth. (9 furlongs) and was usually held on the Columbus Day holiday. A February 19, 1989, issue of the Boston Globe said that the Yankee Handicap "used to be the hallmark of the fall [racing] season."
Last run in 1987, the race was won by stars such as Cravat (1938); Challedon (1939); Our Boots (1941); Shut Out (1942), who broke the track record; Never Bend (1963); and Timely Writer (1982).
References
1935 establishments in Massachusetts
1930s in Boston
1987 disestablishments in Massachusetts
1987 in Boston
Discontinued horse races in the United States
Horse races in the United States
Flat horse races for three-year-olds
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 1987
Recurring sporting events established in 1935
Sports competitions in Boston
Suffolk Downs
Kio Kio or Kiokio is a rural community in the Otorohanga District and Waikato region of New Zealand's North Island. It is located just north-east of Otorohanga, on State Highway 3 between Otorohanga and Te Awamutu.
It is the location of the former Kiokio railway station on the North Island Main Trunk. Traffic at the station was "rapidly increasing" from 1913.
Kiokio is the Māori word for a number of a plant species, including the native fern Parablechnum novae-zelandiae.
Kio Kio has a rugby union club, which plays in the King Country league in red and black. In 2001, a club player was accused of wrenching and squeezing an opponent's testicle. In 2009, two club players, a club official and two club fans received lifetime bans from rugby union for attacking a referee and tough judge after the club lost the King Country Rugby Tournament.
Education
Kio Kio School is a Year 1-8 co-educational state primary school. It is a decile 7 school with a roll of as of
References
Ōtorohanga District
Populated places in Waikato
Batrachorhina griseicornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1957. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1957
Réalités was a French monthly of the post World War II era which commenced publication in February 1946, flourishing during the Trente Glorieuses, a period of optimism, recovery and prosperity in France after the austerity of Occupation, ceasing in 1978 in France, although the later US edition continued until 1981. Its articles ranged across French culture, economy and politics, and featured profusely illustrated stories of interest to tourists, especially those traveling to French colonies.
Editorial objectives
The magazine's founders were entrepreneurs Humbert Frerejean (1914-2001) and Didier Rémon (1922–), the editor Alfred Max, and first artistic director Alfred Brandler, replaced in 1950 by Albert Gilou. They proclaimed an intention to produce a high-class, profusely-illustrated publication which was to be outward-looking, an 'observatory on the world', after the years of Occupation during which information about the rest of the world was restricted. In a mission statement they expressed interest in leading readers to discover "how the other lives, whether a thousand kilomètres away or close by, how they eat, dress, work, love, entertain". ("Comment vit l'autre, à des milleurs de kilomètres ou à proximité, comment il mange, s'habille, travail, aime, s'amuse.").
In November 1946 Didier Rémon created Société d'études et de publications économiques (SEPE) (Society of studies and business publications), registering Réalités as a press and publishing group, and which from 1960 becomes part of the Hachette group. From 1947 the magazine included a literary supplement, with theatre plays, novels, or topical documents, and other supplements and special issues devoted to visual arts, fashion, business affairs, children and youth, followed. In November 1956, after 130 issues, the title merged with Femina-Illustration founded by Hélène Gordon-Lazareff. Its offices were then installed in the L'Illustration building, at 13 rue Saint-Georges (Paris). Until May 1964, the magazine was called Réalités Femina-Illustration, having absorbed the old Monde illustré in the process. In June 1964, Réalités resumed its original title and came under the direction of Robert Salmon. After number 390, the title merged in December 1978 with Le Spectacle du monde.
Readership and influence
Colourful, slick and glossy, roughly A4 in size (slightly larger than 8 ½” x 11”), and costing 150 francs per issue (approximately the value of $US25-$US30 in 2015), Réalités catered to the sophisticated and wealthy reader. In its early years at least, on average, 160,000 copies were distributed each month, mostly by subscription. Its content included stories on the economy and politics alongside articles of interest to tourists and on French culture.
The publisher of Réalités, the Société d'études et publications économiques, received funding from the 'Mission France' initiative of the Marshall Plan. It therefore also served to promote American culture and political influence in France and Europe, which was prompted by a pervasive American francophilia and perception of France as a frontier against Nazi resurgence and communist influence. Copies were circulated in Hungary and Czechoslovakia. From as early as 1952 the magazine was also issued in the UK in an English language edition; additionally, there was an edition for the United States, Réalités in America (c.1949–1974, later relaunched in January 1979 as Réalités but ceasing publication again in 1981) and in 1971 a Japanese-language version was launched.
Photography
Photography was given central place in the magazine under art director Albert Gilou. In 1949, photographs replaced the hand-drawn illustration which had hitherto appeared on each cover of Réalités. Covers were devoted to photos which would generate surprise, intrigue or mystery, but not shock or horror. All sorts of images were employed but the dominant genre, at least through the early years, was humanist photography, in particular that of staffers Édouard Boubat and Jean-Philippe Charbonnier, espousing the optimistic values of the contemporary exhibition The Family of Man in which both exhibited. An emphasis on photography helped promote the reputation of the publication. Among the photographers (of whom, after 1950, Édouard Boubat, Jean-Philippe Charbonnier, Gilles Ehrmann and Jean-Louis Swiners became salaried employees) were contributors Émile Savitry, Henri Cartier-Bresson, Robert Doisneau, René Burri, Edward Steichen, Robert Capa, William Klein, Richard Avedon, Irving Penn. At first each issue carried sixty pictures in black and white, though the magazine printed colour photographs from 1950. Then, from the mid sixties, most images were in colour, almost exclusively so from the late sixties. Photo essays often extended over twenty pages. Edouard Boubat, who was on staff 1951–1965, described the experience of working for Réalités:
"It was beautiful, and very educational for us, really exciting in that we were not necessarily sent to the "hotspots" of the world, [in fact] sometimes going where nothing was happening, and there's nothing to grab. Then one really understands the reality of a country, of a situation. Escaping the news, or what we call the news, and is often a tragic smokescreen that hides the deeper reality, it's an opportunity.".
Cessation
Réalités magazine was most influential between the years 1950 and 1970, employing a journalistic style of long articles associated with pictorial illustration which is now generally replaced by other media. Its last French edition was published in December 1978 with the number 390, and it was then absorbed by Le Spectacle du Monde. The US edition was however relaunched in January 1979, although it only lasted two years.
References
External links
Sample covers of Réalités magazine (English language edition)
Article topics in U.S. and French editions of Réalités - arranged by issue date
1946 establishments in France
1978 disestablishments in France
Anti-communist works
Defunct literary magazines published in France
French-language magazines
French photographers
Magazines established in 1946
Magazines disestablished in 1978
Monthly magazines published in France
Photojournalistic magazines
Neophrida is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Heinrich Benno Möschler in 1882.
Species
Neophrida aurolimbalis Möschler, (1881) 1882
Neophrida meterythralis Hampson, 1916
Neophrida porphyrea Whalley, 1964
References
Tirathabini
Pyralidae genera
Taxa named by Heinrich Benno Möschler
Lomax the Songhunter is a 2004 documentary film about Alan Lomax, a man who, after World War II, was determined to record folk music from the United States and all over the world before it was blown away by mass consumer culture. Son of John Lomax, the man who discovered Lead Belly (and bailed him out of prison) and introduced Woody Guthrie to the world, Alan shared his father's passion for music and was not intimidated by his massive accomplishments. The film, which finds Alan near death and barely able to make himself understood, traces Alan's journey across the globe, stopping to hear testimonials from many of the people or relatives of the people he recorded. It also contains interviews from Lomax's friends and colleagues, including Pete Seeger, who did some cataloging for Lomax.
Lomax the Songhunter was written and directed by Rogier Kappers and aired on PBS's Point of View series in 2006.
References
External links
Official Site
The New York Times review
P.O.V. Lomax the Songhunter - PBS's site dedicated to the film
Dutch documentary films
2004 films
POV (TV series) films
Documentary films about music and musicians
2004 documentary films
American folk music
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Johnson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 9,980. The county seat is Wrightsville. Johnson County is part of the Dublin, Georgia, Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Johnson county was created by the Georgia legislature December 11, 1858, from parts of Emanuel, Laurens, and Washington counties. Johnson County was named for Georgia governor, senator, and U.S. vice-presidential candidate Herschel Vespasian Johnson.
In 1919, a deputy driving Jim Waters, a black prisoner accused of rape, out of the county was stopped by a group of 150 men at a bridge over the Ohoopee River. The men tied Waters to a tree and shot him numerous times. The case was closed without any investigation.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.2%) is water.
The vast majority of Johnson County is located in the Ohoopee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin. Tiny portions of the northeastern borders of the county are located in the Upper Ogeechee River sub-basin of the Ogeechee River basin, while the western corner of Johnson County is located in the Lower Oconee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 80
U.S. Route 221
U.S. Route 319
State Route 15
State Route 26
State Route 31
State Route 57
State Route 78
State Route 86
State Route 171
Adjacent counties
Washington County - north
Jefferson County - northeast
Emanuel County - east
Treutlen County - south
Laurens County - southwest
Wilkinson County - west
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 8,560 people, 3,130 households, and 2,241 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 3,634 housing units at an average density of 12 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 62.44% White, 36.96% Black or African American, 0.13% Native American, 0.12% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.07% from other races, and 0.27% from two or more races. 0.91% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,130 households, out of which 32.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.70% were married couples living together, 18.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.40% were non-families. 26.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.06.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 30.10% under the age of 18, 8.90% from 18 to 24, 24.30% from 25 to 44, 21.10% from 45 to 64, and 15.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $23,848, and the median income for a family was $29,663. Males had a median income of $28,952 versus $18,171 for females. The per capita income for the county was $12,384. About 20.90% of families and 22.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 29.60% of those under age 18 and 30.90% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 9,980 people, 3,347 households, and 2,271 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 4,120 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 63.1% white, 35.0% black or African American, 0.2% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.7% from other races, and 0.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 15.8% were American, 8.9% were Irish, and 6.8% were English.
Of the 3,347 households, 32.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.2% were married couples living together, 18.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 32.1% were non-families, and 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.03. The median age was 40.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $27,607 and the median income for a family was $35,750. Males had a median income of $31,938 versus $22,410 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,659. About 21.1% of families and 27.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 39.1% of those under age 18 and 31.6% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 9,189 people, 3,393 households, and 2,208 families residing in the county.
Government
The county is governed by a five-member board of commissioners. A county manager handles the daily operation of the county.
The county is part of the Dublin Judicial Circuit along with Twiggs County, Treutlen County, and Laurens County.
Education
In 1970, Johnson County schools integrated peacefully due to careful planning by the county's board of education and firm management by superintendent Buren Claxton.
The county's public schools are located in Wrightsville. The school mascot is the Trojan, and the school colors are blue and white. The school fight song is the theme from the movie Hang 'Em High.
Sports
Herschel Walker, a Johnson County native, played on the county's only state championship football team in 1979.
Walker went on to play for the University of Georgia and won the Heisman Trophy. In 2004 Johnson County High School named its football field for Walker.
Communities
Adrian
Kite
Meeks
Wrightsville (county seat)
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Johnson County, Georgia
References
External links
Official Athletics Site
Johnson County Public Schools
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1858 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Dublin, Georgia micropolitan area
Populated places established in 1858
Margaret (Mandy) MacLean is an expert in pulmonary pharmacology. She is renowned for her work on the role of sex effects and serotonin in metabolising oestrogen, also for identifying target enzymes for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. MacLean is currently a Professor of Pulmonary Pharmacology in the Strathclyde Institute of Pharmacy and Biomedical Sciences at the University of Strathclyde Glasgow.
MacLean was awarded the MBE in the 2010 Queen's New Year Honours list. In 2013, MacLean was elected Fellow of The Royal Society of Edinburgh (FRSE) and received the British Pharmacological Society AstraZeneca Prize for Women in Pharmacology. In 2018, she was made a Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences (FMedSci) and was appointed Scottish Champion for the Academy of Medical Sciences for her efforts in science communication.
References
Women pharmacologists
Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences (United Kingdom)
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Academics of the University of Strathclyde
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Vivino is an online wine marketplace and wine app. The Vivino app is available for download on Android and Apple devices. Vivino was founded in 2010 by Heini Zachariassen and Theis Søndergaard. , Vivino had a wine database containing more than 12.5 million different wines, and had 50 million users. In July 2013, the database had 1 million wines. Vivino's headquarters are in San Francisco, California, United States, but the company has a number of subsidiaries including in Denmark, where the company was founded.
History
Vivino was founded in Copenhagen, Denmark by Heini Zachariassen and Theis Søndergaard. The company launched an iPhone app in July 2011. They knew very little about wine, and used that ignorance in the development of an app for ordinary people. The developers photographed 5,000 wines, but the breakthrough came when they offered a corkscrew to whoever could upload the most wines, gaining 50,000 pictures. In late 2014, the database received 250,000 photos per day, although not all are of new wines. The software recognizes 25,000 photos per day, manually processed by 50 Indian contractors. In July 2013 Vivino raised $10.3M in capital from Balderton Capital and Creandum. In January 2016 the company raised a Series B round of venture funding from SCP Neptune (the family office of Christophe Navarre, the then global CEO of Moet Hennessy) for an additional $25M.
In February 2018, Vivino raised a Series C round of $20 million also led by SCP Neptune International, with participation from Balderton Capital, Creandum, SEED Capital Denmark and Iconical. Long term profitability hinges on in-app purchasing and email campaigns, as only 5% of wine purchases are made online. In March 2018, Vivino appointed Former StubHub President Chris Tsakalakis Chief Executive Officer. In 2021, Vivino raised a Series D round of $155 million led by Swedish based investment firm Kinnevik with Sprints Capital accompanying as a new investor. Additional participants include GP Bullhound and existing early-stage investor Creandum.
App features
In 2017, the app launched a new recommendations service, Vivino Market, which gives customers recommendations based on their previous searches and purchases. In 2020, Vivino announced it is set to launch a new feature that will show users how likely a wine will match their preferences.
Awards and nominations
Won Entrepreneur of the Year in GP Bullhound Investor Allstar Awards (Award won by Heini Zachariassen)
Nominated for the 2012 Danish App Awards.
Won 2012 Danish Growth Award (Award won by Heini Zachariassen for Vivino).
Nominated for 2013 Danish Startup Awards. (Category: Best Design)
Nominated for 2013 Mobile Excellence Awards. (Category: Best Original Content for Mobile)
Won Real Innovation Awards 2017: The Best Beats First winner
References
External links
Official website
Android (operating system) software
Companies based in Copenhagen
IOS software
Online retailers of Denmark
Wine websites
The hook-billed vanga (Vanga curvirostris) is a species of bird in the family Vangidae. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
In 1760 the French zoologist Mathurin Jacques Brisson included a description of the hook-billed vanga in his Ornithologie based on a specimen collected on the island of Madagascar. He used the French name L'écorcheur de Madagascar and the Latin Collurio Madagascariensis. Although Brisson coined Latin names, these do not conform to the binomial system and are not recognised by the International Commission on Zoological Nomenclature. When in 1766 the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus updated his Systema Naturae for the twelfth edition, he added 240 species that had been previously described by Brisson. One of these was the hook-billed vanga. Linnaeus included a brief description, coined the binomial name Lanius curvirostris and cited Brisson's work. It is now the only species placed in the genus Vanga that was introduced by the French ornithologist Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot in 1816.
The genus name Vanga is the Malagasy name for the species. The specific epithet curvirostris is from Latin curvus "curved" and -rostrum "billed".
Two subspecies are recognised:
V. c. curvirostris (Linnaeus, 1766) – west, north, east Madagascar
V. c. cetera Bangs, 1928 – south Madagascar
A 2018 study on avian skull evolution has concluded that the ancestral neornithe had a beak most similar to this species. This suggests a similar ancestral ecological niche for modern birds.
References
hook-billed vanga
Endemic birds of Madagascar
hook-billed vanga
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Saint Pamphilus (; latter half of the 3rd century – February 16, 309 AD), was a presbyter of Caesarea and chief among the biblical scholars of his generation. He was the friend and teacher of Eusebius of Caesarea, who recorded details of his career in a three-book Vita that has been lost.
Biography
Eusebius' Martyrs of Palestine attests that Pamphilus was of a rich and honorable family of Beirut. This work also asserts that he gave all his property to the poor and attached himself to the "perfect men". Photius quotes Pamphilus's Apology for Origen to the effect that Pamphilus went to Alexandria, where his teacher was Pierius, the head of the famous catechetical school there, before settling in Caesarea Maritima, where he was ordained a priest. In Alexandria, Egypt, Pamphilus became devoted to the works of Origen of Alexandria. Photius says that Pamphilus was a Phoenician born at Berytus, and a scholar of Pierius, who collected sacred literature. According to Eusebius, he suffered martyrdom in the third year of the Diocletianic persecution, after spending two years in prison. While he was in prison, Pamphilus and Eusebius worked together on five books in defense of Origen.
The Diocletianic persecution began in earnest in the year 303. In 306 a young man named Apphianus—a disciple of Pamphilus "while no one was aware; he even concealed it from us who were even in the same house"—interrupted the governor in the act of offering sacrifice, and paid for his boldness with martyrdom. His brother Aedesius, also a disciple of Pamphilus, suffered martyrdom about the same time at Alexandria under similar circumstances. Saint Pamphilus's turn came in November, 307. He was brought before Urbanus, the governor of Palestine, and upon refusing to offer sacrifice, was cruelly tortured, and then relegated to prison. In prison he continued copying and correcting manuscripts. He also composed, in collaboration with Eusebius, also imprisoned, an Apology for Origen in five books, which Eusebius edited and to which he added a sixth book. Saint Pamphilus and other members of his household, along with Valens, deacon of the Church of Jerusalem and Paul of Jamnia, men "in the full vigour of mind and body", were without further torture sentenced to be beheaded in February, 309. While sentence was being given a youth named Porphyrius - "the slave of Pamphilus", "the beloved disciple of Pamphilus", who "had been instructed in literature and writing" – demanded the bodies of the confessors for burial. He was cruelly tortured and put to death, the news of his martyrdom being brought to Pamphilus before his own execution. Nearly at the same time another of his companions, Patriklos, suffered a martyr death in Caesarea and was later interred after the payment of a ransom to Diocletian in Cappadocia.
Veneration
St Pamphilus is regarded as a saint by the Roman Catholic Church and the Eastern Orthodox Churches. His feast day is celebrated on 16 February (the RC Church lists an additional commemoration on June 1).
Works and influence
Of the Apology for Origen only the first book is extant, in a Latin version made by Rufinus. It begins with describing the extravagant bitterness of the feeling against Origen. He was a man of deep humility, of great authority in the Church of his day, and honoured with the priesthood. He was above all things anxious to keep to the rule of faith that had come down from the Apostles. The soundness of his doctrine concerning the Trinity and the Incarnation is then vindicated by copious extracts from his writings. Then nine charges against his teaching are confronted with passages from his works. Saint Jerome stated in his De Viris illustribus that there were two apologies—one by Pamphilus and another by Eusebius. He discovered his mistake when Rufinus's translation appeared in the height of the controversy over Origen, and rushed to the conclusion that Eusebius was the sole author. He charged Rufinus, among other things, with palming off under the name of the martyr what was really the work of the heterodox Eusebius, and with suppressing unorthodox passages. As to the first accusation there is abundant evidence that the Apology was the joint work of Pamphilus and Eusebius. Against the second may be set the negative testimony of Photius who had read the original; "Photius, who was severe to excess towards the slightest semblance of Arianism, remarked no such taint in the Apology of Origen which he had read in Greek." The canons of the alleged Council of the Apostles at Antioch were ascribed by their compiler (late fourth century) to Pamphilus.
The ascription to Pamphilus, by Gemmadius, of a treatise Contra mathematicos was a blunder due to a misunderstanding of Rufinus's preface to the "Apology".
A Summary of the Acts of the Apostles among the writings associated with Euthalius bears in its inscription the name of Pamphilus.
While defending Origen from accusations that he held and taught certain heterodox doctrines, Pamphilus endorses universal reconciliation as the orthodox understanding of apokatastasis. Late 19th-century universalist historians Hosea Ballou II and J. W. Hanson have cited Pamphilius, among other Fathers of the Church, as an example of early Christian universalism, although the exact conception of apokatastasis in patristic writings generally, and Origenian thought in particular, is disputed among historical theologians.
David Hume adopted the evocative pseudonym Pamphilus for his Dialogues Concerning Natural Religion.
See also
Pamphilus the Theologian
Theological Library of Caesarea Maritima
4th century in Lebanon
References
Sources
Lives of the Saints, For Every Day of the Year, edited by Rev. Hugo Hoever, S.O.Cist., Ph.D., New York: Catholic Book Publishing Co., 1955, pp. 211–212.
Further reading
Pamphilus, Defence of Origen: Introduction to Book 1, from Rufinus' Latin version (in English)
External links
Henry Wace, "A Dictionary of Christian Biography": Pamphilus
Saints from the Holy Land
Lebanese saints
3rd-century births
3rd-century Christian theologians
309 deaths
People from Caesarea, Israel
4th-century Christian martyrs
3rd-century Romans
4th-century Romans
Church Fathers
Eusebius
Christians martyred during the reign of Diocletian
Samuel Browne or Brown (died 21 December 1698) was an English surgeon and botanist. He worked in the English East India Company factory at Fort St. George, Madras. Aside from his work he collected specimens of the local plants, especially grasses, along with vernacular names and made notes on their applications in medicine and other traditional use. He corresponded with several other contemporary naturalists including John Ray, Georg Joseph Kamel (of Camellia fame) and James Petiver.
Life
Browne was stationed at the end of the 17th century at Madras, in the English factory at Fort St. George. Elihu Yale was the administrator of Fort St. George during this period. Browne had previously served aboard a ship, the Dragon, and was locally posted on 7 May 1688 after the death of Dr John Heathfield. The official surgeon appointed by the Company was Edward Bulkley who arrived only in 1692 and even after he did Browne continued to receive pay. Browne took an interest in the local plants and sent collections of dried plants and other botanical material to England along with notes on their local names. These were described by James Petiver, in a series of papers in Philosophical Transactions. Petiver's plants then passed into the hands of Sir Hans Sloane, and to the herbarium of the British Museum. From there they went to the Natural History Museum, London. Petiver was also in correspondence with Reverend George Lewis at Fort St. George, a collector of seashells. Browne was also in communication with Georg Joseph Kamel and John Ray. Some of the communications between Petiver and Browne are on the plants of the region as well as on the works of others. A letter to Petiver is on the 4th book of Bontius (De Medicina Indorum), "his animadversions upon Garcias ab Orto". After his death, Ray and Petiver were in communication with Bulkley. It was through Bulkley that Ray's Synopsis Methodica Avium (1713) included a list of birds and some illustrations by natives from Madras.
Browne's medical career took a major turn when one of his patients, James Wheeler, a member of the Council took a dose of medication prepared by an assistant on the morning of 30 August 1693. He failed to turn for a Council meeting and died before noon. The medicine had apparently been pounded by Browne's assistant, using a mortar that had previously contained arsenic. Browne took responsibility for the death and wrote to the President of the Council- "I have Murthered Mr. Wheeler by giveing him Arsenick. Please to execute Justice on me the Malifactor as I deserve." The autopsy was conducted by Dr Bulkley and this was possibly the first post-mortem report published by the East India Company. Browne was acquitted by the Grand Jury.
Browne got into further trouble after drinking and challenging another physician, Dr. Blackwall from Cuddalore, to a duel in 1693; and was held in custody again in April 1696 for assaulting an Indian ("pulling the beard of a Mughal customs official"). He was then discharged from service on 3 January 1698 and the Council also took notice that a second surgeon had been employed at the Fort St. George against the regulations. He married Ann Baker in 1688, ten years before his death.
Collections
Browne's plant collections in the Sloane Herbarium are made up of seven large volumes with dried specimens and Tamil names both in the original script (written on strips of palm leaf) and transliterated. Some plants are also accompanied by their Telugu names. Many of the plants mentioned are said to be febrifuges. Some remedies for smallpox, dysentery, and poisoning are to be found apart from medication for women and children. It is most likely that he was assisted by a Tamil medical practitioner who travelled with him. Unlike in the Hortus Malabaricus that Browne possessed, he does not note the names of his native assistants. When Browne was discharged in 1698 he wrote to Petiver that he had made arrangements for a "Malabar" (Tamil-speaking) doctor to help Edward Bulkley. Bulkley sent notes as well as drawings by local artists to Petiver.
Browne communicated with Georg Joseph Kamel in the Philippines. Browne brought Kamel to the attention of Petiver who noted that he (Browne) "''hath also procured me a correspondence with divers Ingenious Persons residing in remoter parts''”. Kamel's materials went to John Ray and some consignments were lost like the one in January 1698 when two volumes were lost due to a pirate attack on the ship transporting them. Kamel wrote to Ray that "evidence of ten years work was lost in a day, as I fear, in a day”. Copies were sent again but by the time it reached, Browne was dead. Fortunately Browne's widow passed it on to Edward Bulkley who passed on the collections.
Notes
References
External links
Mr Sam. Brown His First Book of East India Plants (264) Second Book (267) Third Book (271) Fourth Book (274) Fifth Book (276) Sixth Book (277) Seventh Book (282)
Thesis on early science at Fort St. George by L.C.Fleetwood (2014)
Year of birth missing
1698 deaths
English surgeons
17th-century English botanists
Pre-Linnaean botanists
Mehram is a Pakistani television series aired at Hum TV from 29 November 2014 to 15 January 2015. It stars Ayesha Khan and Zahid Ahmed in leading roles, along with Agha Ali and Moammar Rana in supporting roles. The serial was a critical and commercial success and earned several nominations with Ayesha Khan who was nominated for Hum Award for Best Actress Popular and Hum Award for Best Actress, and Zahid Ahmed was nominated for Hum Award for Best Television Sensation Male.
Synopsis
Mehram uncovers the story of an unobtrusive family, where Hamza is living with his brother's dowager Iqra, subsequently of which they turn into the brunt of doubts. Hamza has ample respect for Iqra, yet they covertly ties knot to hush all the idle discussions. Not long after their paper marriage, Iqra understands that Hamza needs somebody he adores, and demands him wedding Maya, for whom Hamza has sentiments. The story takes a turn as Maya and Hamza marry and Maya finds about his paper marriage to Iqra. Maya leaves the house saying she can't live in the same house as his first wife and he has to choose between her and Iqra. Seeing the tension between the newly wed couple Iqra also leave the house. Hamza became mentally disturbed and try to shoot himself after which both started to look after him until he recovers. After recovering Maya asked him to choose between her and Iqra. Iqra again leave the house and starts living with his father. Meanwhile, at the request of Iqra, Hamza decides to divorce her. But later that day Iqra's father dies. Hamza decides to not divorce her and bring her back but when he came to Iqra's house he found that she already left. After some years, Hamza and Maya have a daughter. And Iqra starts to publish her poetry to earn a living.
Cast
Ayesha Khan as Iqra
Zahid Ahmed as Hamza
Moammar Rana as Hamza's older brother
Agha Ali as Areeb
Sajida Syed
Hina Rizvi as Habiba
Ayesha Khan as Faiza
Erum Azam as Iqra's sister
References
External links
Urdu-language telenovelas
Pakistani telenovelas
Pakistani drama television series
2014 Pakistani television series debuts
2015 Pakistani television series endings
Urdu-language television shows
Hum TV original programming
Hum TV
Sorá is a corregimiento in Chame District, Panamá Oeste Province, Panama with a population of 1,653 as of 2010. Its population as of 1990 was 1,082; its population as of 2000 was 1,290.
References
Corregimientos of Panamá Oeste Province
Eisner or Eissner may refer to:
Eisner (surname), including a list of people with the name
Eisner Loboa (born 1987), Colombian-born Mexican footballer
, several United States Navy ships
Eisner Peak, Graham Land, Antarctica
Eisner Award, annual awards for achievement in comics
Eisner Food Stores, a chain of supermarkets in Illinois and Indiana from 1901 to 1981
See also
William F. Eisner Museum of Advertising & Design, a museum in Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Nagin Aur Lootere is a Hindi action fantasy film of Bollywood which was directed and produced by Mohan T. Gehani. This movie was released in 1992 in the banner of Devi Films.
Plot
A married couple having no child, prayed to Snake God Nagraj. The lord Nagraj appears before them and grants their wish. A boy is born named Nagesh. Nagesh has grown up, and become a Police Inspector. One day a lady Rajni appears, meets Nagesh's mother and tells her that she was Nagesh's wife in previous birth. She is the daughter of Nagraj, who had told her that she could claim him as her husband after growing up. Fearing for the safety of Nagesh, his mother gets him married to another woman, Neelam, the daughter of a Priest. This incident now set for a confrontation between the Nilam and Rajni. But things change dramatically when Nagesh is photographed having an affair with a woman named Julie, who is subsequently murdered. Police find the connection of Nagesh to this murder; he is dismissed from the service Police and imprisoned. The court found him guilty and sentenced him to be hanged. Now both Nilam and Rajni come to know about the sentence and steps each will take to claim Nagesh as her own.
Cast
Shakti Kapoor as Tantrik
Anant Mahadevan as Nagraj
Anupam Kher as Police constable
Neelima Azeem as Nilam
Rajesh Khattar as Inspector Rahesh
Rajesh Vivek as Chattan Singh
Goga Kapoor as Bhujang Singh
Kader Khan as Thief
Jayabharathi as Rajni
Music
" Aao Pyar Karein" - Udit Narayan, Kavita Krishnamurthy
"Hum Do Raahi Chor Sipaahi" - Sudesh Bhosle
"Main Hoon Naagin Aur Tum Ho Lutere" - Sadhana Sargam
"Sau Sau Janmon Wala" - Kumar Sanu, Sadhana Sargam
"Sun Sun Bhagwan" - Kavita Krishnamurthy
References
External links
1992 films
1990s Hindi-language films
Films scored by Anand–Milind
Indian fantasy action films
Tapscott is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Derek Tapscott (1932–2008), Welsh former professional footballer and Wales international
Don Tapscott (born 1947), Canadian business executive, author, consultant and speaker
Ed Tapscott, the former interim head coach of the NBA's Washington Wizards
George Tapscott (born 1889), South African cricketer who played in one Test in 1913
Horace Tapscott (born 1934), American jazz pianist and composer
John E. Tapscott (1930–2017), American businessman and politician
Lionel Tapscott (born 1894), South African cricketer who played in 2 Tests in 1923
Luke Tapscott (born 1991), Australian rules footballer for the Melbourne Football Club
See also
Tapscott, Virginia, unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia
Tup Scott
Corvos is a Portuguese band. Corvos is unusual within the Portuguese music scene as it consists of a string quartet that plays mostly rock songs. Corvos mixes instrumental elements, classical origins, rock, contemporary pop music and other musical genres.
Corvos is Portuguese for crows.
Members
It is a string quartet constituted by Pedro Teixeira da Silva (violin), Tiago Flores (violin) and Luis Santos (viola). With the release of their fourth album, The Jinx, Corvos included a drummer in its lineup.
Discography
Singles
Futuro que era Brilhante (2001)
Albums
Corvos Visitam Xutos (1999)
Post Scriptum (2001)
Corvos 3 (2003)
The Jinx (2007)
Medo (2010)
References
On the Portuguese Wikipedia: Corvos (banda).
External links
Myspace profile
Portuguese musical groups
Toxorhamphus is a genus of birds in the family Melanocharitidae. They are commonly known as longbills and were once thought to be in the honeyeater family. The genus is endemic to the islands of New Guinea.
Species
It contains the following species:
Yellow-bellied longbill (Toxorhamphus novaeguineae)
Slaty-headed longbill (Toxorhamphus poliopterus)
Bird genera
Higher-level bird taxa restricted to New Guinea
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ahrid Hannaley (born May 3, 1987), is a Mexican television host and actress.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Living people
1987 births
Mexican telenovela actresses
Mexican film actresses
Mexican television actresses
Actresses from Mexico City
20th-century Mexican actresses
21st-century Mexican actresses
Mexican people of Scottish descent
The Sumatran babbler (Pellorneum buettikoferi) is a species of bird in the family Pellorneidae.
Distribution and habitat
It is endemic to Indonesia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest. It is threatened by habitat loss. It used to be considered a subspecies of the buff-breasted babbler.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70–291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Wells, D.R., P. Andrew, and A.B. v. d. Berg. 2001. Systematic notes on Asian birds. 21. Babbler jungle: a re-evaluation of the 'pyrrogenys' group of Asian pellorneines (Timaliidae). Zoologische Verhandeligen 335: 235-252
Sumatran babbler
Birds of Sumatra
Sumatran babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Gomphoceras is a questionable nautiloid cephalopod genus assigned to the Oncocerida. The family to which it might belong is undetermined.
Gomphoceras, named by Sowerby in 1839, is generally short but rapidly expanding, straight to slightly endogastric, with a gibbous body chamber such that all sides are convex. The aperture as vertically transverse, with a hyponomic sinus on a low spout-like process and a larger rounded dorsal sinus connetected above.
Tetrameroceras and Trimeroceras, both oncocerids, are similar in general form, but have more complex apertures.
References
Oncocerida
Paleozoic cephalopods of Europe
Paleozoic life of Manitoba
Bertie Formation
Silurian cephalopods
Jefferson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 16,930. The county seat is Louisville. The county was created on February 20, 1796, and named for Thomas Jefferson, the main author of the Declaration of Independence who became the third president of the United States.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.6%) is water.
The small northern portion of Jefferson County, defined by a line running from Stapleton southeast and just south of State Route 80, is located in the Brier Creek sub-basin of the Savannah River basin. The entire rest of the county is located in the Upper Ogeechee River sub-basin of the Ogeechee River basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 1
U.S. Route 1 Business (Louisville)
U.S. Route 1 Business (Wadley)
U.S. Route 221
U.S. Route 319
State Route 4
State Route 4 Business (Louisville)
State Route 4 Business (Wadley)
State Route 17
State Route 24
State Route 47
State Route 78
State Route 80
State Route 88
State Route 102
State Route 171
State Route 242
State Route 296
State Route 540 (Fall Line Freeway)
Adjacent counties
McDuffie County - north
Richmond County - northeast
Burke County - east
Emanuel County - south
Johnson County - southwest
Glascock County - northwest
Washington County - west
Warren County - northwest
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 15,709 people, 5,664 households, and 3,598 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 16,930 people, 6,241 households, and 4,407 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 7,298 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 54.4% black or African American, 42.6% white, 0.4% Asian, 0.1% American Indian, 1.6% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, and 26.7% were American.
Of the 6,241 households, 36.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.9% were married couples living together, 23.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.4% were non-families, and 26.0% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.16. The median age was 38.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $29,268 and the median income for a family was $36,980. Males had a median income of $36,284 versus $27,191 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,165. About 19.0% of families and 26.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 40.7% of those under age 18 and 24.8% of those age 65 or over.
Education
Communities
Cities
Avera
Louisville (county seat)
Stapleton
Wadley
Wrens
Towns
Bartow
Matthews
Politics
See also
Central Savannah River Area
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jefferson County, Georgia
References
External links
The Jefferson County Information Center Website
The Friends of Historic Downtown Louisville Website
The Fire House Gallery Website - Contemporary art in Jefferson County
Videos about life in Jefferson County by Fire Team Productions
A genealogy table for Jefferson County, Georgia ←Broken link, December 2015.
USA Today Q&A with Jefferson County High principal Molly Howard
The News and Farmer and Wadley Herald/ Jefferson Reporter, the county's weekly newspaper and the oldest weekly in Georgia
The Official Jefferson County Economic Development Website
General Wood's Fort historical marker
Old Savannah Road historical marker
Old Town Plantation historical marker
Rocky Comfort Creek historical marker
Yazoo Fraud historical marker
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1796 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1796
Black Belt (U.S. region)
Majority-minority counties in Georgia
FC Trubnik Kamensk-Uralsky () was a Russian football team from Kamensk-Uralsky. It played professionally in 1946, 1948–1949, 1960, 1963–1965 and 1994 to 1998. Their best result was 12th place in the Zone 2 of the second-highest Soviet First League in 1948 and 1949.
Team name history
1946–1947 FC Tsvetmet Kamensk-Uralsky
1948 FC Tsvetnyye Metally Kamensk-Uralsky
1949 FC Tsvetmet Kamensk-Uralsky
1960 FC Metallurg Kamensk-Uralsky
1963–1965 FC Salyut Kamensk-Uralsky
1992–1998 FC Trubnik Kamensk-Uralsky
External links
Team history at KLISF
Association football clubs established in 1946
Association football clubs disestablished in 1999
Defunct football clubs in Russia
Sport in Sverdlovsk Oblast
1946 establishments in Russia
1999 disestablishments in Russia
Entente Sportive Municipale de Gonfreville-l'Orcher is a French association football team founded in 1955. They are based in Gonfreville-l'Orcher, Seine-Maritime. Their home stadium is the Stade Maurice Baquet in the town. As of the 2022–23 season, they play in Championnat National 3, the fifth tier of French football, after winning promotion in 2022.
Gonfreville reached the 8th round of the 1991–92 Coupe de France.
References
Gonfreville
1955 establishments in France
Association football clubs established in 1955
Football clubs in Normandy
Sport in Seine-Maritime
The Campaign For A New Workers' Party was an initiative of the Socialist Party of England and Wales that argued for the establishment of a new mass workers' party, involving trade union activists, socialists, anti-capitalists, anti-war and environmental activists. It was launched at the party's annual Socialism event in November 2005. There were more than 4,000 signatories to the campaign's founding declaration, many of whom were trade unionists. Some left parties claimed that the CNWP was a front for the Socialist Party.
Like the Socialist Alliance in the early 1990s, the CNWP joined local electoral fronts, such as Save Huddersfield NHS, which had a CNWP supporter and SP member as a councillor. The CNWP supported the Trade Unionist and Socialist Coalition in the 2010 General Election.
Founding
The campaign stemmed from the dissolution of the Socialist Alliance in 2004 when Respect - The Unity Coalition was founded. A conference in Liverpool in March 2004 called for a 'Campaign for a Mass Party of the Working Class'. The first formal conference was in London on 19 March 2006, chaired by Dave Nellist, a former Labour MP and current Socialist Party councillor in Coventry. The conference debated nine resolutions about the future shape of the campaign, and elected officers and a steering committee. Policies included a "living minimum wage", full trade union rights and the withdrawal of troops from Iraq. Delegates argued that due to what they saw as previous false starts in trying to establish a party to represent working people—such as Arthur Scargill's Socialist Labour Party—any new party would have to be democratic, open and inclusive, taking a federal approach, to bring in as many supportive organisations and groups as possible, with no one group or individual dominating.
Delegates came from the refounded Socialist Alliance, the Alliance for Workers' Liberty, the Communist Party of Britain, the Socialist Unity Network, the United Socialist Party, and Walsall's Democratic Labour Party. Over 300 of the delegates at the conference were active trade unionists, including members of trade union national executive committees. The campaign allowed trade unions to affiliate to it and over half of the new steering committee were elected by trade union commissions.
2007 and 2008 conferences
The second national conference of the campaign took place on 12 May 2007 at the University of London. Speakers included Chris Baugh (Public and Commercial Services Union Assistant Secretary) and Dave Nellist (Socialist Party councillor) as well as a video address from Ricky Tomlinson. The conference discussed and debated the adoption of a charter and some of the issues likely to be central to the campaign.
The 2008 conference took place on Sunday 22 June 2008 and was addressed by RMT leader Bob Crow .
The Trade Unionist and Socialist Coalition
In 2009, 'No to EU – Yes to Democracy' (NO2EU), the forerunner of the Trade Unionist and Socialist Coalition (TUSC) was founded initially as a result of an electoral alliance between the RMT, the Socialist Party and the Communist Party of Britain, for the purpose of contesting the European elections, and in 2010 TUSC was formed. In the view of the CNWP it was a progenitor of a new workers party, and leading participants in the CNWP such as Dave Nellist, became leading participants in TUSC.
See also
Convention of the Left
Labour Representation Committee (2004)
Socialist Green Unity Coalition
Welsh Socialist Alliance
References
External links
Campaign for a new workers' party official website.
Campaign for a New Workers Party launched in England and Wales. Declaration of the founding convention. Indymedia Ireland. Retrieved April 4, 2006.
"Campaign for a New Workers Party conference report". Jim Jepps. Socialist Unity Network. Retrieved April 4, 2006.
Political organisations based in the United Kingdom
Organizations established in 2005
Socialism in the United Kingdom
Socialist Party (England and Wales)
Davyhurst is a Goldfields locality that is situated southwest of Menzies, Western Australia and is approximately northwest of Kalgoorlie. The proposed townsite was initially declared "Davyston" in 1900. It was also known as Mace's Find and Davyton. Warden Owen of Menzies advised the Department the town was better known as "Davyhurst". This was the name used when the town was gazetted in 1901. It is believed to be named after a miner.
Davyhurst is home to the Davyhurst Gold Mine.
See also
Davyhurst Gold Mine
References
Mining towns in Western Australia
Shire of Menzies
Frederick Mellinger (15 November 1890 – 29 August 1970) was a German actor.
Filmography
Hitler – Beast of Berlin (1939)
The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1939)
Dr. Ehrlich's Magic Bullet (1940)
A Dispatch from Reuters (1940)
References
External links
Peter-R. Koenig, Gnosis on Stage. Friedrich Mellinger
1890 births
1970 deaths
German male actors
Ivana Stojiljković () is a Serbian politician. She served in the National Assembly of Serbia from 2014 to 2018 as a representative of the Serbian Progressive Party.
Early life and career
Stojiljković was born in Pula, in what was then the Socialist Republic of Croatia in the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. She moved to Užice, Serbia, as a child and was raised in that community. She earned a bachelor's degree in civil engineering from the University of Belgrade and has subsequently been a leading engineer and urbanist with Užice's construction directorate. In 2010, she became president of the Environmental Protection Council and the Zlatibor District Urban Planning Council.
Stojiljković has also worked as a journalist in local media and is a member of the Serbian branch of Mensa International.
Political career
Stojiljković joined the Progressive Party in 2010. In 2013, she was appointed to leadership positions in the party in Užice and the Zlatibor District.
She was given the thirty-ninth position on the Progressive Party's Aleksandar Vučić — Future We Believe In electoral list for the 2014 Serbian parliamentary election and was elected when the list won 158 out of 250 mandates. She was promoted to twenty-first on the successor Aleksandar Vučić — Serbia is Winning list for the 2016 parliamentary election and was re-elected when the list won 131 mandates.
During her second term, Stojiljković was chair of the assembly's environmental protection committee; a member of the committee on spatial planning, transport, infrastructure, and telecommunications; a deputy member of the defence and internal affairs committee; and the deputy chair of a commission set up to "Investigate the Consequences of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) 1999 Bombing on the Health of the Citizens of Serbia, as well as the Environment, with a Special Focus on the Impact of the Depleted Uranium Projectiles." She was also the head of Serbia's parliamentary friendship group with India and a member of parliamentary friendship groups with Belarus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, China, Cuba, Germany, Greece, Indonesia, Italy, Kazakhstan, Russia, Spain, and the United States of America.
In March 2018, Stojiljković thanked India's ambassador to Serbia for what she described as "India's principled stand on the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Serbia."
She resigned from the National Assembly on 24 December 2018 and is now Serbia's consul-general in Trieste, Italy.
References
1981 births
Living people
People from Pula
Politicians from Užice
Serbian women in politics
Members of the National Assembly (Serbia)
Serbian Progressive Party politicians
NuTonomy (stylized as nuTonomy) was an MIT spin-off technology startup company that made software to build self-driving cars and autonomous mobile robots. The company was founded in 2013. In August 2016, it launched its robo-taxi service (pilot project) in Singapore. In October 2017, Delphi Automotive (now Aptiv) purchased the company, which then became part of the Motional autonomous driving joint venture between Aptiv and Hyundai Motor Group.
History
NuTonomy began testing its software on cars in early 2016. One of the cars used to test its software included Mitsubishi i-MiEV. The product is still in research and development phase.
In August 2016, it launched its autonomous taxi service using a fleet of 6 modified Renault Zoes and Mitsubishi i-MiEVs.
NuTonomy later signed three significant partnerships to develop its technology and service: with Grab, with Groupe PSA, which is supposed to provide the company with Peugeot 3008 SUVs, and the last one with Lyft to launch a Robo-Taxi service in Boston.
In October 2017, Delphi Automotive (now Aptiv) purchased the company.
Technology
NuTonomy-fitted cars use "formal logic" to decide motion, maneuverability, and speed. The software guides a car on how to plan its motion through an environment.
References
External links
Companies based in Massachusetts
Self-driving car companies
Paul Le Tocq (born 31 December 1981) is a male badminton player from Guernsey.
Career
Le Tocq has played both for Wales in the BWF Circuit and the European Circuit, and for Guernsey in some international tournaments such as the Island Games. He also competed for Guernsey in mixed doubles at the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
Major achievements
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Welsh male badminton players
Commonwealth Games competitors for Guernsey
Guernsey badminton players
Badminton players at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Badminton players at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Convicts is the only studio album by American hip hop duo the Convicts, consisted of rappers Lord 3-2 and Big Mike. It was released in 1991 through Rap-A-Lot Records. It features guest appearances from James Prince, Kim "Choice" Davis and Geto Boys. The album peaked at number 52 on the US Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
Track listing
Sampled credits
Track 1 contains elements from "Get Me Back on Time, Engine #9" by Wilson Pickett
Track 2 contains elements from "Get Off My Dick and Tell Yo Bitch to Come Here" by Ice Cube
Track 3 contains elements from "Brandy" by The O'Jays, "Son of Slide" by Slave, "Think (About It)" by Lyn Collins, "Give It Up or Turnit a Loose (Remix)" by James Brown
Track 4 contains elements from "Damn" by The Nite-Liters
Track 5 contains elements from "Three Little Birds" by Bob Marley & The Wailers, "In the Hole" by The Bar-Kays, "Be Alright" by Zapp
Track 6 contains elements from "Sing a Simple Song" by Sly & the Family Stone, "Uphill Peace of Mind" by Kid Dynamite, "UFO" by ESG, "Devil With the Bust" by Sound Experience, "The Traffic Cop (Dance)" by Bloodstone, "Popcorn With a Feeling" by James Brown, "Jam on the Groove" by Ralph MacDonald
Track 7 contains elements from "One-Man Band (Plays All Alone)" by Monk Higgins & The Specialties, "All Because" by Al Green
Track 8 contains elements from "Lawdy Mama" by Ernie K-Doe, "Gangsta Gangsta" and "Fuck tha Police" by N.W.A.
Track 9 contains elements from "Funky Drummer" and "Funky President (People It's Bad)" by James Brown
Track 10 contains elements from "Dance With the Devil" by Big Daddy Kane, "Kissing My Love" by Bill Withers
Track 12 contains elements from "Inner City Blues (Make Me Wanna Holler)" by Marvin Gaye, "Movin'" by Brass Construction, "Good Old Music" by Funkadelic
Personnel
Christopher Juel Barriere – main artist
Michael Barnett – main artist
James A. Smith – featured artist (tracks: 5, 6), producer, executive producer, management
Geto Boys – featured artists (track 6)
Kim Davis – featured artist (track 7)
Collins "DJ Ready Red" Leysath – scratches
Doug King – producer
John Okuribido – producer
Johnny C – producer
Simon Cullins – producer
Cliff Blodget – executive producer
Tony Randle – production coordinator, management
Charts
References
External links
1991 debut albums
Big Mike albums
Rap-A-Lot Records albums
Samantaraja (IAST: Sāmantarāja, r. c. 7th century CE ) was an Indian king belonging to the Chahamana dynasty of Shakambhari (modern Sambhar). He ruled parts of present-day Rajasthan in north-western India.
The exact period of Samanta is not certain. According to Dasharatha Sharma, his reign ended around 725 VS (c. 668 CE). On the other hand, Historian R. B. Singh assigned Samanta's reign to the period c. 684-709 CE and identifies Manik Rai as Samantaraja, the 7th century Chahamana ruler of Shakambhari.
The 1170 CE Bijolia rock inscription of his descendant Someshvara states that Samanta was born at Ahichchhatrapura in the gotra of sage Vatsa. Ahichchhatrapura is identified with modern Nagaur.
Vasudeva, an ancestor of Samanta, is known from the historical records, but the relationship between the two is not certain. Historian R. B. Singh theorizes that after Vasudeva, the Chahamanas were overshadowed by the Vardhanas, and Samanta restored the Chahamana rule at Shakambhari. The medieval bardic legends state that Manik Rai restored the fortunes of the Chauhan (Chahamana) family by the grace of the goddess Shakambhari. Singh identifies Manik Rai as Samanta.
Samanta was succeeded by Naradeva.
References
Bibliography
Chahamanas of Shakambhari
7th-century Indian monarchs
The Chaco earthcreeper (Tarphonomus certhioides) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, and Paraguay.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
References
SACC (2007). Recognize the genus Tarphonomus for two "Upucerthia". Accessed 2008-10-28.
Chaco earthcreeper
Birds of the Gran Chaco
Chaco earthcreeper
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Mary Dunleavy (born 1966) is an American soprano who has performed with major opera companies and orchestras around the world.
Life and career
Dunleavy grew up in Montvale, New Jersey and graduated from Pascack Hills High School in 1984. Dunleavy attended Northwestern University for her undergraduate degrees and received a master's degree in Music at the University of Texas at Austin. She has studied with Renata Scotto, Mignon Dunn, and Rita Shane.
In the United States, she has performed with the Metropolitan Opera, San Francisco Opera, Lyric Opera of Chicago, Houston Grand Opera, Los Angeles Opera, Washington National Opera, New York City Opera, The Dallas Opera, Opera Company of Philadelphia, Opera Theatre of Saint Louis, Boston Lyric Opera, Portland Opera, Lyric Opera of Kansas City, Minnesota Opera, Des Moines Metro Opera and others. Mary also appears in Steven Spielberg's film Lincoln performing as Marguerite in Faust and in the independent short as Geraldine in A Hand of Bridge .
Outside the U.S., her operatic performances have been with De Nederlandse Opera (Amsterdam), Gran Teatro del Liceu (Barcelona), Opéra National de Paris, Teatro di San Carlo (Naples), La Monnaie (Brussels), Municipal Theater of Santiago, Staatsoper Unter den Linden (Berlin), Hamburgische Staatsoper, Opéra de Montréal, Garsington Opera and others.
Orchestral appearances have been with the Los Angeles Philharmonic at the Hollywood Bowl under Leonard Slatkin, Cincinnati May Festival with James Conlon, Ensemble Orchestral de Paris under John Nelson, St. Louis Symphony under David Robertson and the late Hans Vonk, San Francisco Symphony under Robert Spano, Atlanta Symphony Orchestra under Donald Runnicles, Philadelphia Orchestra under Charles Dutoit, the Lanaudiere Festival under Jacques Lacombe, and others.
Dunleavy has been a resident of Verona, New Jersey.
She is a native of Old Saybrook, Connecticut.
Roles
Roles during her career have included:
• Violetta — La Traviata
• Gilda — Rigoletto
• Mimi — La Boheme
• Musetta — La Boheme
• Giulietta — I Capuleti e i Montecchi
• Adina — L'elisir d'amore
• Cio-Cio-San — Madama Butterfly
• Lucia — Lucia di Lammermoor
• Pamina — Die Zauberflöte
• Donna Anna — Don Giovanni
• Donna Elvira — Don Giovanni
• Konstanze — Die Entführung aus dem Serail
• Countess Almaviva — Le nozze di Figaro
• Susanna — Le nozze di Figaro
• Fiordiligi — Così fan tutte
• Thaïs — Thaïs
• Léïla — Les pêcheurs de perles
• Micaela — Carmen
• Hoffmann Heroines — Les Contes d'Hoffmann
• Infanta Donna Clara - Der Zwerg
• Christine Storch - Intermezzo
• Adele - Die Fledermaus
• Rosalinde - Die Fledermaus
• Millicent Jordan - Dinner at Eight
• Stepmother - Alma Deutscher's Cinderella
• Isabella Stewart Gardner - American Apollo
From 1994 through 2002, she sang the Queen of the Night in Die Zauberflöte in 84 performances. She retired the role in 2002. In 2006, she became only the third woman to sing both Pamina and the Queen of the Night for the Metropolitan Opera (Lucia Popp and Colette Boky preceded her).
Awards
Maria Callas Debut Artist of the Year, The Dallas Opera, 2006
Outstanding Young Texas Exes Award, The University of Texas at Austin, 2006
Cultural Award, American-Irish Historical Society, 2004
Top 100 List, Irish America Magazine, 2003, 2005
References
External links
Mary Dunleavy website
Living people
American operatic sopranos
Bienen School of Music alumni
Pascack Hills High School alumni
People from Montvale, New Jersey
People from Verona, New Jersey
Moody College of Communication alumni
1966 births
People from Old Saybrook, Connecticut
Singers from New Jersey
Classical musicians from New Jersey
Aranmanai Siruvayal is a village in the Sivaganga District in Tamil Nadu, India.
Geography
A bridge is being constructed over the Sarugani River near Highway 29 connecting Kallal and Kalayarkoil.
British resistance
Freedom fighter Chinna Marudu [Cheena Murdoo] resided in Siruvayal [Sherewele]. The Fort of Marudu Brothers (also called Marudhupandiyar Fort), built by the Marudu Brothers (Periya Marudu and Chinna Marudu) to resist the British, reduced to rubble in 1800. The British took control of the fort on 30 July 1800.
References
Further reading
http://www.sabrizain.org/malaya/library/reminiscences1.pdf
https://books.google.com/books?id=zjTneAGmatsC&pg=PA218&lpg=PA218&dq=%22Sherewele%22&source=bl&ots=WN315KKm6o&sig=ACfU3U2rKktiowD7zc4ZYFTKJ7kj0F_FHQ&hl=en&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwjS_NnCh7H4AhWfI0QIHZaUBEMQ6AF6BAgTEAM#v=onepage&q=%22Sherewele%22&f=false
https://books.google.com/books?id=cZ4lpJgfXuYC&pg=PA765&lpg=PA765&dq=%22Sherewele%22&source=bl&ots=tGSw3ZVZ0l&sig=ACfU3U2OzyNz2l6-nmmmQ5O9bUuKJCWkqg&hl=en&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwjS_NnCh7H4AhWfI0QIHZaUBEMQ6AF6BAgVEAM#v=onepage&q=%22Sherewele%22&f=false
Villages in Sivaganga district
The Luther House is a historic house in Swansea, Massachusetts. It is a -story gambrel-roofed wood-frame house, five bays wide, with a central chimney and wooden shingle siding. Its main facade is symmetrically arranged, with a center entrance that has a transom window above. An ell extends to the right side, and dormers in the roof are a later addition. The house was built c. 1740, probably by Hezekiah Luther, son of John Luther, the first of that name to settle the area. It was long associated with the Luthers, a locally prominent family, whose members owned this house until the mid-20th century.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County, Massachusetts
References
Houses completed in 1740
Houses in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Swansea, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
1740 establishments in Massachusetts
Pedicab Driver () is a 1989 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by and starring Sammo Hung, who portrays the leader of a crew of cycle rickshaw drivers in the 1930s Macau. The movie features guest appearances by Eric Tsang, Corey Yuen and Lau Kar-leung. Warner Bros. has included the film in the catalogue of Warner Archive Collection.
Plot
Lo Tung and his friend Malted Candy are pedicab drivers working on the streets of Macau. Lo Tung falls in love with a baker named Ping and Malted Candy falls in love with a prostitute named Hsaio Tsui. The problem is that both of the objects of their affections are working under cruel and lecherous bosses. The pair must somehow find a way to win the ladies' hearts and free them from their unpleasant jobs.
Cast and roles
Sammo Hung - Lo Tung
Lau Kar-leung - Boss of Gambling House (as Kar Leung-Lau)
Max Mok - Mai Chien-Tang / Malted Candy
Chan Lung - Coolie
Alfred Cheung - Jewelry Store Owner
Billy Chow - Master 5's Man
Chung Fat - Thug
Maria Cordero - Auntie
Lam Ching-ying - Uncle Sheng
Billy Lau - Tan
Nina Li Chi - Ping
Lowell Lo - Shan Cha Cake
Eddie Maher - Thug
Mang Hoi - Rice Pudding
John Shum - Master 5
Sun Yueh - Fang
Eric Tsang - Man with cleaver
Dick Wei - Wei
Manfred Wong - Pork bun seller
Corey Yuen - Coolie (as Kwai Yuen)
Fennie Yuen - Hsiao-Tsui
James Mou - Keung
Hsiao Hou - Master Five's Thug
Reception
Box office
Pedicab Driver grossed $14,784,774 HKD at the Hong Kong box office.
In 2014, Time Out polled several film critics, directors, actors and stunt actors to list their top action films. Pedicab Driver was listed at 66th place on this list.
Availability
Long out-of-print on VHS and LD, it's now currently available on DVD through Warner Archive.
See also
List of films set in Macau
References
External links
Pedicab Driver at Hong Kong Cinemagic
1989 films
1980s action comedy films
1989 martial arts films
Hong Kong action comedy films
1980s Cantonese-language films
Hong Kong martial arts comedy films
Kung fu films
Films set in Macau
Films set in the 1930s
Films directed by Sammo Hung
1989 comedy films
1980s Hong Kong films
The 2020 Lucas Oil 200 Driven by General Tire was the first stock car race of the 2020 ARCA Menards Series and the 57th iteration of the event. The race was held on Saturday, February 8, 2020, in Daytona Beach, Florida at Daytona International Speedway, a 2.5 miles (4.0 km) permanent triangular-shaped superspeedway. The race took the scheduled 80 laps to complete. At race's end, Michael Self of Venturini Motorsports would dominate and hold off the field to win his eighth career ARCA Menards Series win and his first of the season. To fill out the podium, Hailie Deegan of DGR-Crosley and Drew Dollar of Venturini Motorsports would finish second and third, respectively.
Background
Daytona International Speedway is one of three superspeedways to hold NASCAR races, the other two being Indianapolis Motor Speedway and Talladega Superspeedway. The standard track at Daytona International Speedway is a four-turn superspeedway that is 2.5 miles (4.0 km) long. The track's turns are banked at 31 degrees, while the front stretch, the location of the finish line, is banked at 18 degrees.
Entry list
*Withdrew.
Practice
First practice
The first one-hour session would take place on February 7. Hailie Deegan of DGR-Crosley would set the fastest time in the session, with a time of 49.027 and an average speed of .
Second practice
The second and final one-hour session would take place on February 7. Connor Hall of Chad Bryant Racing would set the fastest time in the session, with a time of 49.027 and an average speed of .
Qualifying
Qualifying was held on February 8. Each driver was split into six groups, and each group would run four minute sessions. Michael Self of Venturini Motorsports would win the pole, setting a time of 49.434 and an average speed of .
Full qualifying results
Race results
References
2020 ARCA Menards Series
NASCAR races at Daytona International Speedway
February 2020 sports events in the United States
2020 in sports in Florida
Pollards Hill is a small residential district straddling south London boroughs of Croydon and Merton between Mitcham, Norbury and Thornton Heath. The boundary of the two boroughs is a street named Recreation Way. No roads directly cross the Croydon and Merton divide, and streets were planned according to borough, leading to differing architectural or building schemes. It lends its name to a ward of the London Borough of Merton.
History
Mitcham Borough Council (MBC) dissolved in 1965 on incorporation into London. It helped to meet the post-World War II housing shortage, wrought by the London Blitz, by building prefabricated ‘Arcon' bungalows at Pollards Hill. The first were ready by January 1946, meant to last about 10 years. Many remained until the mid-1960s. The pre-fabs were mostly demolished in the 1960s, to make way for a new, high density, low-rise scheme that was constructed by Merton London Borough Council and Wimpey Homes between 1967 and 1971.
Separately, four landmark maisonette blocks were built by MBC in the 1950s on Yorkshire Road: Westmorland Square (1950), Bovingdon Square (1956) and between those years Hertford Square and Berkshire Square.
A branch library and community centre were built, which received a design award.
Governance
Councillors
Both sides of Pollards Hill elected Labour Party councillors at the last Council elections in May 2018. At present in the local government re-warding process used nationally for the regular election of a delegation of councillors, it lends its name to a ward of the Merton.
UK elections (general elections and by-elections)
East and west have, since 1992 and 1997, respectively seen their relevant two seats in London, locally dependent wholly on borough, return Labour MPs. The seats are Croydon North and Mitcham and Morden. The narrower majority, narrowly, is in the latter; at all elections since 1997 the two seats have seen a greater than 28% Labour majority.
Geography
To the east (in Croydon), covering the sides of the hill, are larger houses, stretching towards central Norbury. The roads are lined with pollarded lime trees.
To the west (in Merton), at the foot of the hill, is the Pollards Hill estate stretching to Broad Green and Purley Way. A section of the estate was transferred to the ownership of Moat Homes housing association in 1998 under a stock transfer from the local authority. Moat has since demolished four maisonette blocks dating from the 1950s and is undertaking a wider regeneration of the stock.
Covering the crown of the hill is Pollards Hill Park, an open area of 7.75 acres (3.14 hectares), managed by Croydon Council, to whom it was donated in 1913. The park is the highest point in the Norbury area and can give views as far as Windsor Castle. A viewpoint at the top of the park indicates the direction of various landmarks.
Education
In September 2006, Harris Academy Merton opened on the former site of Tamworth Manor High School. The academy is on the Merton side but right on the Croydon border. Tamworth Manor High School was originally Pollards Hill Secondary Modern School built in the 1950s, which became a comprehensive school, Pollards Hill High School, in 1968.
Transport
The nearest railway stations are Norbury railway station and Streatham Common railway station & Thornton Heath railway station. Bus routes 60, 255 serve the eastern Croydon area & Buses 152, 463 serve the western merton area.
Demography
Pollards Hill is home to the largest Ghanaian British community in the UK on the Merton side according to the 2011 census, with 6% of the population and over 600 people born in Ghana. It has a large British Asian population on the Croydon side, and the area is home to many other different nationalities.
Culture and community
Pollards Hill on the Merton side also contains a wide range of community facilities including a library, community centre, youth centre and a neighbourhood police station, the first in Merton.
In 2005, a community cycling club was set up with help from the Commonside Trust. It won the London Cycling Campaigns' award for Best Community Cycling Initiative in 2006.
See also
List of Parks and Open Spaces in Croydon
Mitcham Common
Cotelands
References
External links
Croydon Council - Pollards Hill
Croydon Council - Pollards Hill History
Parks and open spaces in the London Borough of Croydon
Districts of the London Borough of Croydon
Districts of the London Borough of Merton
Walter Carr may refer to:
Walter Carr (actor) (1925–1998), British actor
Walter Carr (physician) (1862–1942), British physician and surgeon
Walter J. Carr (1896–1970), American pilot and aircraft promoter
See also
Wally Carr (1954–2019), Aboriginal Australian boxer
The Hospital Universitario de la Princesa is a hospital located in the Lista neighborhood in Madrid, Spain, part of the hospital network of the Servicio Madrileño de Salud (SERMAS).
It is one of the healthcare institutions associated to the Autonomous University of Madrid (UAM) for the purpose of clinical internship.
History
Lying on the block delimited by the streets of Diego de León, Conde de Peñalver, Maldonado and General Díaz Porlier, it was a project of Manuel Martínez Chumillas, who had been involved with the GATEPAC group during the Second Republic. Intending to replace the old Hospital de la Princesa built in the Paseo de Areneros (calle de Alberto Aguilera), it was inaugurated on 3 November 1955 under the name of Gran Hospital de la Beneficencia General del Estado. The building works lasted however until 1956. The hospital forms a 14-floor building complex. Starting from 100 at the time of its opening, the effective bed usage steadily grew, reaching 761 beds in 1959.
It was transferred from the State Administration to the regional administration of the Community of Madrid in 1985. It was finally renamed as Hospital Universitario de la Princesa in 1994. As of 2020 it has a capacity of 564 beds.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Buildings and structures in Salamanca District, Madrid
Princesa
Romania competed at the 2019 Military World Games held in Wuhan, China from 18 to 27 October 2019.
Medal summary
Medal by sports
Medalists
References
2019 Military World Games Results
Nations at the 2019 Military World Games
Military
The Harmony Company is a former guitar manufacturing company that is currently a brand owned by Singapore-based BandLab Technologies. Harmony was, in its heyday, the largest musical instrument manufacturer in the United States. It made many types of string instruments, including ukuleles, acoustic and electric guitars and violins.
The company ceased in 1975, with the "Harmony" brand being relaunched by BandLab in 2018 to produce electric guitars and amplifiers.
History
Harmony was founded in 1892 by Wilhelm Schultz. In 1916, Sears, Roebuck and Co. purchased it, in part to corner the ukulele market. At the time Harmony was led by Joe Kraus, who was chairman until 1940.
In 1928, Harmony introduced the first of many Roy Smeck models, and went on to become the largest producer in the U.S. They sold 250,000 pieces in 1923 and 500,000 in 1930, including various models of guitars, banjos, and mandolins.
In the late 1930s, the firm began making violins again after a 19-year hiatus. They also bought brand names from the bankrupt Oscar Schmidt Co.—La Scala, Stella, and Sovereign. They sold not only Harmony products, but instruments under the Sears name, Silvertone, and a variety of trade names—Vogue, Valencia, Johnny Marvin, Monterey, Stella, and others. In 1940, after Kraus had a conflict with management, he left, but then bought enough stock to restart the company independently.
Between 1945 and 1975, the Chicago firm mass-produced about ten million guitars. The company reduced their output over the years, later focusing on student models sold through JCPenney. The Harmony brand peaked in 1964-1965, selling 350,000 instruments, but low-end foreign competition led to the company's demise 10 years later.
The pickups on almost all electric guitars and basses that Harmony produced were manufactured by Rowe Industries Inc. (later known as H.N. Rowe & Company, Rowe DeArmond Inc., and DeArmond Inc.) of Toledo, Ohio. Many of the instrument amplifiers badged with the Harmony name were manufactured by "Sound Projects Company" of Cicero, Illinois.
The Harmony Guitar Company ceased in 1975, and sold the Harmony name. In the early 2000s, an unrelated company, the Westheimer Corp., based in Lake Barrington, Illinois briefly imported "reissue" Harmony guitars.
In 2018, BandLab Technologies claimed to be "relaunching" the Harmony brand with a new series of electric guitars and guitar amps. The brand has since been relaunched with American-made models such as the Rebel and the Jupiter.
Gallery
Further reading
References
External links
Official website
Harmony at National Music Museum
Guitar manufacturing companies of the United States
Companies based in Lake County, Illinois
Musical instrument manufacturing companies based in Chicago
Mandolin makers
Aktaş is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 62 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Vereda () is a subdivisional administrative part of a municipality in Colombia.
Subdivisions of Colombia
Glen A. Wilson High School is a public high school located in Hacienda Heights, California. It is one of two high schools located in the unincorporated community, and one of four in the Hacienda La Puente Unified School District.
Wilson was ranked 333 out of 804 in Newsweek's 2003 web-exclusive extended list of top U.S. public high schools. It ranked 861 in the 2007 list of the top 1,000 U.S. public schools.
Wilson was ranked 121 out of 500 in Newsweek's America's Best High Schools in 2011.
History
The school was started September 1966 on the campus of the neighboring Rowland High School in Rowland Heights, California, where students attended a split session year until the campus was ready for occupancy in September 1967.
The school was named for Glen A. Wilson, former Superintendent of the La Puente Union High School District 1953-1972 (which became Hacienda La Puente Unified School District in 1970). He was born in Alpaugh, California, on September 11, 1913. He was a resident of Hillcrest in La Verne, California when he died on September 7, 1996.
He held bachelor's and master's degrees from Occidental College (1936, 1940), and a Doctorate in Education from University of Southern California (1965).
He began his career in education as a 6th grade teacher in El Centro in 1937, and retired from education as superintendent of Hacienda La Puente Unified School District in 1972. He served in the Marine Corps in World War II 1942–1946, discharged from active duty as a Battalion Quartmaster, First Lieutenant. He achieved the rank of Major in the USMC Reserve in 1952. He was named Citizen of the Year by the La Puente Valley Chamber of Commerce in 1965. He served Rotary as District 530 Governor from 1972 to 1973, and received the Paul Harris Fellow award in 1972.
In 2008, Wilson received media attention after a student promised a school shooting on the one year anniversary of the Virginia Tech shooting and around the anniversary of the Columbine High School shooting on the school's Wikipedia page. These threats were referred to the local police. On Thursday, April 17, 2008, security was increased and students' backpacks were searched. All after-school activities were cancelled. In addition, on Friday, April 18, 2008, school was cancelled as a precaution, although early that morning, a student was arrested in connection with the threats and held at Juvenile Hall.
School demographics
The school had 1594 students in 2015-2016
The ethnic composition of the student body was:
51.1% Hispanic or Latino
38.4% Asian
5.1% White
2.8% Filipino
1.2% African American
Athletics
The school's sport teams compete in the Valley Vista League to qualify for CIF Southern Section (CIF-SS). The Valle Vista League consists of the Wilson Wildcats, Rowland Raiders, San Dimas Saints, Covina Colts, Nogales Nobles, and Northview Vikings
Notable alumni
Brian Tee - Actor, appeared in The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift.
Lawrence Kao - Actor, appears in Wu Assassins.
Jill Sterkel - Olympic swimmer and Hall of Famer. She won four Olympic medals in Freestyle swimming events, and was the first woman to be on four Olympic swim teams.
Josh Keaton - Actor, voice actor, singer and music producer. Voice of Spider-Man in The Spectacular Spider-Man
David Lee (photographer) - Publisher of DestinationLuxury.com & fashion/celebrity photographer - www.davidclee.us
Scott Williams - Former NBA Basketball player, led the school to a state championship in his senior year.
Fergie (Stacy Ferguson) - singer of The Black Eyed Peas and Wild Orchid
Minae Noji - American actress, best known for the role of Karai on Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Dr. Kelly Lee on General Hospital
Dr. Dong H. Kim - Director of the Mischer Neuroscience Institute at Memorial Hermann-Texas Medical Center, known for his role in the surgery and recovery of Representative Gabrielle Giffords.
Melissa King - Top Chef: Boston (Season 12), Finalist. Top Chef: All-Stars LA (Season 17), Winner and Fan Favorite.
References
External links
Tour of Campus
High schools in Los Angeles County, California
International Baccalaureate schools in California
Public high schools in California
Hacienda Heights, California
Valle Vista League
1966 establishments in California
The Château de la Napoule is a restored French castle, located in Mandelieu-la-Napoule in the Alpes-Maritimes Department of France, It has been classified as an historical landmark since 1993, and the gardens are listed by the French Ministry of Culture as among the Notable gardens of France. It was featured as one of the main locations in the 1999 movie Simon Sez.
History
The castle was constructed in the 14th century by the Countess of Villeneuve. Over the centuries it was rebuilt several times. In the 19th century it was turned into a glass factory. In 1918, it was purchased by Americans, Henry Clews Jr. and Marie Clews (1880–1959), who restored and moved into the castle. They added additional sections in their own personal style, with sculptures by Henry Clews Jr. The castle is owned by the La Napoule Art Foundation, which was founded in 1951 by Marie Clews, and serves as a cultural centre.
After Henry's death and during the Second World War, the castle was captured by German soldiers. Marie Clews served the soldiers by acting as the maid of the castle's staff so she could stay close to her home and the memory of her husband.
The gardens
When the Clewses acquired the castle, the park had cedar and eucalyptus trees, and had been abandoned for years. Marie Clews began the restoration of the gardens. The park of the castle today has elements of a garden à la française and of an English landscape garden, with a grand alley, basins, perspectives, and views of the sea. In addition, there are three smaller gardens in the Italian style: the Garden de la Mancha next to the Tower of La Mancha, under which the mausoleum of the Clews family is located; the terraces which overlook the Bay of Cannes, which are planted with cypress trees, hedges and rosemary; and the secret garden, in a corner of the walls with windows looking at the sea, with a Venetian well in the centre.
Sources
This article is an edited translation from the French Wikipedia, with additional information from the site of the Committee of Parks and Gardens of the Ministry of Culture of France.
External links
Site of the Chateau de la Napoule
Castles in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur
Châteaux in Alpes-Maritimes
Gardens in Alpes-Maritimes
Art centres in France
Museums in Alpes-Maritimes
Historic house museums in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur
Art museums and galleries in France
Dobri Do is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 244 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Omnicron may refer to:
Arts and entertainment
Omnicron, a musical project by Justin Lassen
"Omnicron", a single by the hip-hop group Jedi Mind Tricks from the album The Psycho-Social, Chemical, Biological & Electro-Magnetic Manipulation of Human Consciousness
Omnicron Conspiracy, a computer video game
Fictional entities
Omnicron, a class of robot sniper characters in the miniature figure board wargame Heroscape
Omnicron, a planet of the fictional cyborg character Combatron from the Filipino comic series Funny Komiks
Companies
Omnicron Electronics, developers of the TCC-14 Talking Clock/Calendar
Omnicron Records, a music label in Barbourmeade, Kentucky, US
See also
Starbeams: The Omnicron Ray, an episode of the English language dub collection Robo Formers taken from the Japanese anime television series Getter Robo G
OmnicronPsy, a fictional supercomputer in the donghau television series Zentrix
SARS-CoV-2 Omicron variant (mispronounced "Omnicron"), a variant of the virus that causes COVID-19
Omicron (disambiguation)
Omnicons, in the Transformers: Energon anime television series
Folla Rule is a hamlet in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, on the site of the 1376 chapel of St Rule at Folla. Another church, St George's Episcopal, was built in 1796. It has been altered several times, with a new north arcade, lengthened chancel (by Arthur Clyne in 1897), and finally into a house. The rectory, dating to 1800, is "a substantial classical building with red sandstone dressings". It also has a rectangular fanlight.
References
Bibliography
Hamlets in Scotland
Villages in Aberdeenshire
The marquee event of alpine skiing was held on Sunday, February 10, at the Snowbasin ski area, east of Ogden under clear skies.
Designed by 1972 gold medalist Bernhard Russi, the steep "Grizzly Downhill" course was just in length, and began at a lofty above sea level, with a vertical drop of . The average gradient on the Grizzly Downhill was 30.87% (17.98°), exceeding the classic layouts of Kitzbühel (860 m vertical / 3312 m length = 25.97%, 15.05°) and Wengen (1025 m vertical / 4455 m length = 23.01%, 13.30°).
The top five finishers completed the course in less than a hundred seconds, making it the quickest descending Olympic downhill. The average speed of the medalists for the entire course exceeded , rating it among the fastest courses in international competition.
Pre-race favorite Stephan Eberharter of Austria took the bronze medal, bested by compatriot Fritz Strobl and all-arounder Lasse Kjus of Norway. Strobl's average speed was , at an average vertical descent of .
Results
The race was started at 10:00 local time, (UTC −7). At the starting gate, the skies were clear, the temperature was , and the snow condition was hard; the temperature at the finish was lower, at .
References
External links
Official Olympic Report
FIS results
Downhill
Typhoon Bart, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Oniang, was a powerful and destructive typhoon that occurred during the 1999 Pacific typhoon season. It was the only super typhoon of that year. Bart reached "super typhoon" status on September 22, when it grew to comprise winds containing a force of .
Bart claimed at least two lives on the island of Okinawa and brought over of rain to the island. Kadena Air Base was badly damaged by the typhoon, with over $5 million of damage sustained by the base. Heavy flooding and landslides led to a death toll of 30 and over 1,000 injuries in Japan. Over 800,000 homes lost power, whilst 80 000 were damaged in the aftermath of the storm. The worst damage occurred in Kumamoto Prefecture on the island of Kyūshū, where 16 people died and over 45,000 homes were damaged.
Meteorological history
On September 14, an area of disturbed weather formed within the active monsoon trough south of Okinawa. The disturbance began to develop a low-pressure area, but it quickly merged with another collection of thunderstorms to the north. The following day, a new system developed and moved west-southwest. It only slowly organized given suppressed outflow from a nearby tropical upper-tropospheric trough and a lack of cyclonic rotation. The developing system drifted eastward and acquired a surface circulation, which prompted the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) to issue a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert at 03:00 UTC on September 17. This came just three hours after the principal agency in the West Pacific, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA), first began monitoring the system. At 15:00 UTC on September 17, the JTWC issued their first advisory on Tropical Depression 24W. The suppressive effects of the trough initially stripped the center of deep atmospheric convection, but as this trough moved northwest and weakened, the surrounding environment began to improve. Both the JMA and JTWC upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Bart at 00:00 UTC on September 19, at which time the Philippines-based organization PAGASA began warning on Tropical Depression Oniang. Six hours later, PAGASA upgraded the depression to a tropical storm as well.
Some northerly wind shear continued to affect Bart as it moved along a northwesterly course between two subtropical ridges on either side of the cyclone. However, deep convection, originally confined to the southern semicircle of the system, began to wrap around the eastern quadrant as an anticyclone developed aloft. This improving presentation on weather satellite soon yielded the development of an 19 km (12 mi)-diameter eye around 00:00 UTC on September 20, prompting the JTWC to upgrade Bart to a typhoon at this time. While Bart attained increased in intensity, one of the subtropical ridges to its north weakened, causing the system to become nearly stationary while it was positioned about southwest of Okinawa. A climatological rate of strengthening ensued as the cyclone slowly began to move northward late on September 21, and Bart reached winds of 240 mph (150 mph) at 18:00 UTC that day, making it a super typhoon based on JTWC classification. By 06:00 UTC on September 22, with an eye that had grown to and excellent outflow in all directions, Bart attained peak one-minute sustained winds of 260 mph (160 km/h), equivalent to a Category 5 hurricane on the Saffir–Simpson scale. The JMA, meanwhile, recorded ten-minute sustained winds of 165 km/h (105 mph) as the system passed only 75 km (45 mi) west of Okinawa.
Later on September 22, the potent cyclone began to feel the effects of dry air entrainment into its circulation. The eye diameter fell to 14 km (9 mi) and continued to shrink, and soon, Bart began to undergo an eyewall replacement cycle as it fell below super typhoon intensity. An approaching trough in the mid-latitudes and an intensifying ridge to its northeast caused the cyclone to accelerate in that direction, while microwave imagery depicted a newly formed, symmetric 74 km (46 mi) eye. The system made landfall near Omuta in Kyushu, the southwesternmost island of Japan, and it soon crossed Honshu. This movement brought Bart into the Sea of Japan to the west of Hiroshima by 00:00 UTC on September 24, around which time it further decayed into a tropical storm. The effects of land were exacerbated by an increase in strong southwesterly wind shear as Bart continued to accelerate northeastward. The JTWC declared the system an extratropical cyclone at 15:00 UTC on September 24, and the JMA followed suit over subsequent hours as the non-tropical low moved into the Sea of Okhotsk east of northern Hokkaido. The remnants of Bart continued into the North Pacific.
Impact
As Bart overspread much of Japan and combined with a cold front, it yielded numerous reports of rainfall accumulations in excess of . The highest recorded value was in Funato, located in the Kōchi Prefecture. Heavy rains caused flooding, which was exacerbated by swollen rivers. The cyclone also produced numerous tropical storm- or typhoon-force winds across the island, peaking at 151 km/h (94 mph) across Seto in the Ehime Prefecture. The inclement weather caused over 245 landslides and damaged or destroyed buildings. Strong winds downed numerous trees, contributing to additional damage to structures. Ferry service connecting the various prefectures was cancelled, airline flights were halted, train service was severely disrupted, large ships moored along the coast were evacuated, and many schools were closed. Numerous people were evacuated throughout the region. In total, Bart caused 36 fatalities, injured over 1,314 people, flooded 18,498 homes, and left 813,000 households without power.
In Okinawa, downed trees, flooded roads, and overturned cars were prevalent, forcing the U.S. military to restrict personnel and their families to their homes. In the Gifu Prefecture, landslides collapsed roads, leading to eight deaths and eight injuries. In the Yamaguchi Prefecture, the collapse of a wall in Yamaguchi City killed two people, while another person died from strong winds in Ohata Town. The storm shuttered production units at a Seibu Oil company. In the Hiroshima Prefecture, two large cranes under construction collapsed and hit a nearby office, killing three employees. Two more people died in Shimamachi and Tomoda. Along the coastline, a pier suffered structural damage, and thousands of oyster farming rafts were damaged. The Itsukushima Shrine, one of Japan's most famous Shinto shrines and a member of the United Nation's World Cultural Heritage List, was damaged. Three people were killed in the Fukuoka Prefecture, where firefighters traveled by rubber boat to search for missing people. In the Kumamoto Prefecture, more than 30 police officers were sent to Shiranui, conducting search and rescue in homes that were flooded to their rooftops by a storm surge up to that funneled into Yatsushiro Sea. The surge coincided with the peak timing of the spring tide, killing 13 people. Another three people died from head injuries caused by flying debris. Forty-three municipalities in the prefecture set up disaster response headquarters. The trade office was closed and suffered minor damage, but it was expected to swiftly reopen following the passage of the storm. In the Kagoshima Prefecture, strong winds downed a steel tower which contributed to power and water outages through September 28. In the Miyazaki Prefecture, the collapse of a road caused a man to plunge into the Gokase River and die.
Bart also spawned a tornado outbreak. The first tornado, rated F0–F1 in strength, occurred in the Nagasaki Prefecture late on September 23. This was succeeded by tornadoes of F1 and F2 intensity in the Kochi and Yamaguchi prefectures, respectively. The four other tornadoes occurred in the Aichi Prefecture; two were rated F1, one was rated F2, and one was rated F3. The majority of damage during the outbreak was associated with the F3 tornado which grew up to and tracked for . The tornado completely demolished 40 houses and damaged 309 others, resulting in 415 injuries. The F2 in the Aichi Prefecture also destroyed a house and damaged two others; it caused 38 injuries. The F2 in the Yamaguchi Prefecture injured 13 people. These tornadoes occurred in the right front quadrant of the typhoon, a historically favorable quadrant for tornadic activity. The presence of high convective available potential energy and strong wind shear favored the development of supercell thunderstorms across Japan on September 23–24.
See also
Other storms of the same name
1999 Pacific typhoon season
References
External links
JMA General Information of Typhoon Bart (9918) from Digital Typhoon
JMA Best Track Data (Graphics) of Typhoon Bart (9918)
JMA Best Track Data (Text)
JTWC Best Track Data of Super Typhoon 24W (Bart)
24W.BART from the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory
Typhoons
1999 Pacific typhoon season
Typhoons in Japan
The Lede Formation (; abbreviation: Ld) is a geologic formation in the subsurface of Belgium. The formation is named after the town of Lede in East Flanders. It consists of shallow-marine limestone and sandstone, deposited in the former sea that covered Belgium during the Eocene.
The Lede Formation crops out in East Flanders, Flemish Brabant, Antwerp and parts of Hainaut, Walloon Brabant and West Flanders. It forms a laterally continuous unit of calcareous and glauconiferous sandstone, sandy limestone and calcareous sandstone, which reaches a thickness of up to 15 metres. The formation is characterised by fossils of the nummulite Nummulites variolarius. It is not subdivided into members.
The age of the Lede Formation is middle Lutetian (about 44 million years old) and it is part of the Zenne Group. On top of the Lede Formation is normally the younger Maldegem Formation (marine clays and sands of Bartonian age). Below the Lede Formation are the Brussel Formation and Aalter Formation, both also part of the Zenne Group.
References
Bibliography
Laga, P.; Louwye, S. & Geets, S. (eds.); 2001: Paleogene and Neogene lithostratigraphic units (Belgium), Geologica Belgica 4(1-2), p. 135-152
Geologic formations of Belgium
Eocene Series of Europe
Paleogene Belgium
William Perry Fogg (27 July 1826 – 8 May 1909) was an American adventurer and author, as well as the inspiration for Phileas Fogg in the 1873 novel Around the World in 80 Days.
Fogg was born in Exeter, New Hampshire, the son of Josiah Fogg and Hannah née Pecker. As a child, his family moved to Cleveland where he became an early member and President of the New England Society which had been founded to encourage unity among the descendants of New England pioneers. In 1852 he married Mary Ann Gould with whom he had two daughters: Annie and Helen. In Cleveland, Fogg set himself up as a seller of chinaware and became interested in the day-to-day running of the city, eventually being appointed to the Board of Commissioners in 1866. Along with Herman M. Chapin, the mayor of Cleveland, Fogg and the other commissioners wrote the Metropolitan Police Act of 1866. In 1868 Fogg began what he became most famous for, his travels around the world during which he became one of the first Americans to travel through the interior of Japan.
From 1870 The Cleveland Leader publicised his travels by publishing the letters he wrote home, which were later privately published in 1872 as Round the World: Letters from Japan, China, India and Egypt in which he described traveling by train from Cleveland to San Francisco via Salt Lake City where he had an interview with Brigham Young following which he boarded a Pacific Mail Steamer from San Francisco to Japan and then visited China (including Hong Kong), Singapore, Malacca and Penang. He then moved on to India before traveling from Bombay to Suez where he took the Suez Canal to Cairo where he saw the Pyramids.
His second book Arabistan, or The Land of the Arabian Nights (England, 1872), covered his travels through Egypt, Arabia and Persia to Baghdad. His last book was the revised American edition of Land of the Arabian Nights. On his return to the United States, Fogg and the lawyer Richard C. Parsons bought the Herald Publishing Co. in Cleveland in 1877. When this failed Parsons was forced to return to his legal practice while Fogg resumed his international travels. On his final return to the United States Fogg lived in Roselle, New Jersey from 1901–08 and then in Morris Plains for the last year of his life.
References
External links
Fogg's Passport Application (1873) - NARA M1372. Images of handwritten letters and application forms for U.S. passports, 1795-1905
Complete copy of "Round the world." Letters from Japan, China, India, and Egypt. by Fogg, Wm. Perry (William Perry), b. 1826. Publication date: 1872. Hosted on the Internet Archive.
1826 births
1909 deaths
People from Exeter, New Hampshire
Writers from Cleveland
People from Roselle, New Jersey
People from Morris Plains, New Jersey
American explorers
American male non-fiction writers
19th-century American non-fiction writers
Jules Verne
Atlantic Reserve Fleet, New London opened in 1946 at the Naval Submarine Base New London in Groton, Connecticut on the Thames River. The New London Reserve Fleet was 3 miles north of the city New London, Connecticut. Naval Submarine Base New London opened in 1868. The freshwater port became a good site to store both submarines and ships after World War II as part of the United States Navy reserve fleets. Three submarine tender ships were given the task of mothballing the submarines. The three ships: USS Apollo, USS Anthedon, USS Proteus (AS-19) cleaned the ship and sealed the subs with preservatives. It took a few years to process the over 50 submarines in the New London Reserve fleet. Some submarines there were reactivated for Korean War. By 1965 the fleet of World War II submarine were obsolete and the fleet had been scrapped.
The USS Apollo worked at the Reserve fleet till 1963. The USS Proteus worked the at the fleet until January 1959, then transferred to the Charleston Naval Shipyard and was converted to a Polaris Fleet Ballistic Missile submarine tender. USS Anthedon served the fleet until 1969 when she was sold to Turkey and became the Turkish Navy TCG Donatan (A-583).
Example
USS Pompon a Gato-class submarine, was stored at the Atlantic Reserve Fleet, New London from May 1946 to 1953. In 1953 she was removed from Atlantic Reserve Fleet, New London and recommissioned as SSR-267 a radar picket submarine.
USS Tigrone (SS-419) was stored at the Atlantic Reserve Fleet, New London from 1946 to 1948. In 1948 she was removed from Atlantic Reserve Fleet, New London and recommissioned as SSR-419, a radar picket submarine.
USS Jack (SS-259) submarine, was stored at the Atlantic Reserve Fleet, New London from 1946 to 1957. In 1957, she was transferred to the Greece.
USS Archerfish (SS-311) stored at Atlantic Reserve Fleet, New London from 1955 to 1958.
See also
Submarine Force Library and Museum
Naval Submarine Medical Research Laboratory
External links
Official website Naval Submarine Base New London
References
Atlantic Reserve Fleet, New London
This is a list of the women who have been queen consort of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan since the emirate was elevated to the status of a kingdom in 1949. As all monarchs of Jordan have been required by law to be male, there has never been a queen regnant of Jordan.
It is necessary for the king to give his wife the title of Queen consort after his accession and their marriage; otherwise she has only the lesser title of Princess consort. Only one Jordanian consort has not held the title of Queen during her marriage.
List of royal consorts
Notes
Jordanian royal consorts
Jordanian royal consorts
Jordan
Consorts
Jordan
This is a list of Manx Twenty20 International cricketers.
In April 2018, the ICC decided to grant full Twenty20 International (T20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between the Isle of Man and other ICC members after 1 January 2019 will be eligible for T20I status.
This list comprises all members of the Isle of Man cricket team who have played at least one T20I match. It is initially arranged in the order in which each player won his first Twenty20 cap. Where more than one player won his first Twenty20 cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.
Isle of Man played their first match with T20I status on 21 August 2020 against Guernsey during a tour of Guernsey.
Key
List of players
Statistics are correct as of 19 July 2022.
References
Isle of Man
Ouest (French for west) may refer to:
Ouest (department), Haiti
Ouest Department (Ivory Coast), defunct administrative subdivision of Ivory Coast
Ouest Province, Cameroon
Ouest Province, Rwanda
Ouest-France, a French newspaper
West France (European Parliament constituency) ()
See also
West (disambiguation)
zh:西
The 1988 NCAA Division I Indoor Track and Field Championships were contested March 14−15, 1986 at the Myriad Convention Center in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma to determine the individual and team national champions of men's and women's NCAA collegiate indoor track and field events in the United States. These were the 24th annual men's championships and the 6th annual women's championships.
Four-time defending champions Arkansas claimed the men's team title, the Razorbacks' fifth overall title and, ultimately, the fifth of twelve straight titles for Arkansas.
In the women's championship, meanwhile, Texas claimed their second overall team title and second in three years.
Qualification
All teams and athletes from Division I indoor track and field programs were eligible to compete for this year's individual and team titles.
Team standings
Note: Top 10 only
Scoring: 6 points for a 1st-place finish in an event, 4 points for 2nd, 3 points for 3rd, 2 points for 4th, and 1 point for 5th
(DC) = Defending Champions
Full results
Men's title
Women's title
References
NCAA Indoor Track and Field Championships
Ncaa Indoor Track And Field Championships
Ncaa Indoor Track And Field Championships
NCAA Indoor Track and Field Championships
Ernst Lörtscher (15 March 1913 – 30 November 1993) was a Swiss footballer. He played for Servette Genf and the Switzerland national football team, for whom he appeared in the 1938 FIFA World Cup, during which he would become the second player in the Event's history to score an own goal. This distinction occurred during Switzerland's 4–2 replay match victory against Nazi Germany on 9 June.
References
1913 births
1993 deaths
Footballers from Bucharest
Swiss footballers
Servette FC players
1938 FIFA World Cup players
Switzerland international footballers
Association football midfielders
The 2017 Cape Verdean Football Championship season was the 38th beginner level (likely amateur) competition of the first-tier football in Cape Verde. It started on 13 May and finished on 27 August, it started a day later than last season. Originally to finish on 15 July, instead, it was rescheduled to 27 August. The championship was governed by the Cape Verdean Football Federation.
Sporting Praia won their 10th and recent national championship title, also it was the club's next in five years. Sporting Praia did not participate in the CAF Champions League competition in 2018, Not even runner-up Ultramarina Tarrafal participates in the 2017 CAF Confederation Cup, both of the clubs due to financial concerns, of any club, it is the eighth consecutive time and becomes the recent African nation not to bring a champion to the continentals for the most consecutive years, in the cup competition, Cape Verde is the longest for not bringing a club in Africa lasting for more than 15 years straight, not even the three national cup winners competed. Sporting Praia participated into the 2018 National Championships as champion of the 2017 season.
Overview
The triangular phase started to be used for the 2017 season, it became the fourth time and first with four clubs each and with playoffs.
CS Mindelense was once more the defending team of the title. A total of 12 clubs participated in the competition, one from each island league and one who won the last season's title. The top club from each group qualified for the first time as well as the club with the most points of a second position of each group qualified into the semis for the first time.
Sporting Praia defeated Académica Porto Novo in the semis in its two legs, Sporting Praia won the first and the second one was scoreless, on the other Ultramarina defeated Mindelense 2-0 and qualified into the finals without the first leg played.
Six clubs returned again, on the other only AJAC da Calheta de São Miguel was the only first timer in the national championships.
No huge wins dominated a match this season, the highest result was no more than three goals which was a few matches, one of them the Sporting Praia-Ultramarina Tarrafal (São Nicolau) match which Sporting won 3-2. Académica Porto Novo scored the most goals in the regular season numbering 12. Overall Ultramarina Tarrafal (São Nicolau) scored the most goals totaling 16, followed by Sporting Praia with 15.
Delays
One match, between a Santiago North participant and Vulcânicos was delayed as the regional association deducted three points on May 11 where AJAC thought they fielded an ineligible player Marco Aurélio in a match with Juventus Assomada on April 1, they took it to court and on May 17, the FCF kept the result 2-4 and AJAC qualified into the national championships for the first time. The first round match was rescheduled to May 31.
Another delay occurred in July and was the next such delay in nine years (see 2008 Cape Verdean Football Championships). The stadium access to Estádio Orlando Rodrigues was locked as the stadium did not have extra keys for the first leg due to an unknown reason. A week later, Mindelense was unofficially awarded 3-0 and the club was still no entrant into the finals. Ultramarina appealed to the problems with their entry into the stadium. It caused the next delay of the national championship finals competition in nine years (but not overall). The first leg was rescheduled, Mindelense did not show up due to unknown reasons and Mindelense-Ultramarina Tarrafal club strength was probably 50/50, it wasn't held into August and after August 13, Mindelense was indeed disqualified and its second leg result was annulled, but several kept it as stood. As Mindelense lost 0-2 in the second leg and the first leg unheld. Mindelense was out of the competition and overall was fourth behind Académica Porto Novo.
Finals
The finals featured Ultramarina and Sporting Praia, Ultramarina was the next appearance from São Nicolau in five years to appear in the finals after Atlético Ribeira Brava and the only one from the island who appeared twice. Sporting Praia regained their failed national title successes, Sporting won all two legs in Tarrafal de São Nicolau and the national capital Praia and went to claimed their 10th and recent title, also it was their next from Santiago South as well as the Santiago Island and Sotavento to win a title along with the national capital Praia.
Participating clubs
CS Mindelense, winner of the 2016 Cape Verdean Football Championships
Sport Sal Rei Club, winner of the Boa Vista Island League
Sporting Clube da Brava, winner of the Brava Island League
Vulcânicos, winner of the Fogo Premier Division
Onze Unidos, winner of the Maio Premier Division
Académico do Aeroporto, winner of the Sal Premier Division
AJAC da Calheta, winner of the Santiago North Premier Division
Sporting Clube da Praia, winner of the Santiago South Premier Division
Paulense DC, winner of the Santo Antão North Premier Division
Académica do Porto Novo, winner of the Santo Antão Island League (South)
FC Ultramarina, winner of the São Nicolau Island League
FC Derby, runner-up of the São Vicente Premier Division
Information about the clubs
League standings
Group A
Group B
Group C
Best second placed club
The second placed club with the most points (sometimes goals and matches if equal) qualified into the knockout stage.
Results
Final stages
Semi-finals
Finals
Statistics
Highest scoring match: several with 3 goals
See also
2016–17 in Cape Verdean football
Notes
References
External links
2017 Cape Verdean Football Championships at RSSSF
Cape Verdean Football Championship seasons
1
Cape
Oeceoclades peyrotii is a species of terrestrial orchid in the genus Oeceoclades that is endemic to southwestern Madagascar. It was first described by the French botanists Jean Marie Bosser and Philippe Morat in 2001. The type specimen was collected in 1974 by Bosser and Morat from the woods near Ankazoabo, but it has also been found south of Sakaraha, near Mahaboboka, and near Morombe. The specific epithet peyrotii was given to this species in honor of Dr. Jean-Pierre Peyrot whose observations and collections have led to a better understanding of Malagasy orchids.
Description
The conical pseudobulbs are about high by wide and heteroblastic (derived from a single internode). Each pseudobulb has a single ovate-pointed, leathery leaf with slightly wavy margins. The leaves are long by wide at the widest point and have long petioles that are hinged from the top of the pseudobulb. The leaves are dark green on the upper surface and purplish on the underside, sometimes with darker stripes. The erect inflorescences are tall, of which only the terminal is a simple or compound raceme where the flowers emerge. The flowers are small, about in diameter.
Oeceoclades peyrotii is a terrestrial species found growing in deciduous forests of southwestern Madagascar, where it is known from only four locations. It is similar to other small-flowered species such as O. rauhii, O. analavelensis, and O. analamerensis but can be distinguished from those species by the differing characters of the labellum and spur and by the length of the petiole.
References
peyrotii
Endemic flora of Madagascar
Plants described in 2001
Windy City may refer to:
Cities
Wellington, New Zealand
Chicago, Illinois ("Windy City")
Baku, Azerbaijan, Küləklər şəhəri ("the City of Winds")
Balkanabat, Turkmenistan
Edinburgh, Scotland
Essaouira, Morocco
Hsinchu, "Windy City" of Taiwan
Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada
Luleå, Sweden, Den blåsiga staden ("The Windy City")
Majalengka in West Java, Indonesia ("the City of Wind")
Nganjuk in East Java, Indonesia
Pachuca, Hidalgo in Mexico, La Bella Airosa ('The Beautiful Windy One')
Port Elizabeth, South Africa
Zaragoza, Spain
Entertainment
Windy City (musical), based on the play The Front Page
Windy City (film), a 1984 film
"(Just Blew in from the) Windy City", a song from the 1953 film musical Calamity Jane
Windy City (album), a 2017 studio album by bluegrass-country artist Alison Krauss
Windy City Breakdown, a 1977 album by Jonathan Cain
Sport
Metro Squash Windy City Open, a squash tournament held annually in Chicago
Windy City (horse) (1949–1964), Thoroughbred racehorse
Windy City Bulls, an NBA Developmental League franchise based in Hoffman Estates, Illinois owned by the Chicago Bulls
Other uses
Windy City Times, a Chicago LGBT newspaper
Palisa papillata is a species of sea slug, specifically an aeolid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Facelinidae. It is the only species in the genus Palisa.
Distribution
Distribution of Palisa papillata includes Florida, Jamaica and Panama. The holotype of this species was found at Port Royal, Jamaica and a specimen from Miami, Florida was included in the original description.
Description
The body is elongated. Rhinophores are tuberculate. Oral tentacles are long. Cerata are arranged in clusters forming a single row along each side of the dorsum. Background color is translucent gray with numerous opaque white spots on both the dorsum and cerata. Cerata are with a pale blue digestive gland and characteristic black or dark brown spots at the base. The maximum recorded body length is 15 or 16 mm.
Habitat
Minimum recorded depth is 0.1 m. Maximum recorded depth is 1 m.
It was found among algae in Panama. It is probably feeding on epiphytic hydroids.
References
This article incorporates Creative Commons (CC-BY-4.0) text from the reference
External links
Facelinidae
Gastropods described in 1964
The Federation of Norwegian Coastal Shipping (, RLF) is an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.
The current director is Harald Thomassen. Chairman of the board is Geir E. Aga.
The Federation of Norwegian Coastal Shipping is both an employers federation and an industrial association. The federation which is an organization within NHO (The Confederation of Norwegian Business and Industry), is representing more than 50 shipping companies with a total of 5.500 employed seamen on board approximately 400 ships in coastal trade.
The members of the federation cover a broad range of business as e.g. car ferries, fast passenger crafts, coastal express steamers, tugs, cargo ships, tankers, reefers, cable ships and rescue boats.
Employers' organisations in Norway
Shipping trade associations
Robeson County Agricultural Building is a historic government office building located at Lumberton, Robeson County, North Carolina. It was built in 1937 as a Works Progress Administration project. It is a two-story, "T"-shaped Colonial Revival style brick building on a raised basement.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
References
Works Progress Administration in North Carolina
Government buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Colonial Revival architecture in North Carolina
Government buildings completed in 1937
Buildings and structures in Robeson County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Robeson County, North Carolina
The Whirlwind Girl () is a 2015 Chinese television series based on the novel of the same name written by Ming Xiaoxi. It aired on Hunan TV from 7 July to 26 August 2015.
Synopsis
The story tells the journey of Qi Baicao (Hu Bingqing) who has a fondness for Yuanwudao (a martial arts sport) ever since she was little. After her parents died in a fire accident, Bai Cao is adopted and raised by Qu Xiangnan, the former world champion of Yuanwudao, whose skills and reputation have been defamed by his rivals. Honest, righteous, and determined to succeed, Bai Cao gradually transforms from a "weed" into a professional Yuanwudao athlete, fighting her way to the top and reclaiming her teacher's innocence. Along the way she encounters friends such as her stoic and selfless senior Ruo Bai (Yang Yang), the warm and caring but mysteriously secluded medic Yu Chuyuan (Bai Jingting), and the flirtatious, playful Fang Tinghao (Chen Xiang) with a hidden agenda as well as rivals such Fang Tingyi (Zhao Yuannuan).
Cast
Main
Hu Bingqing as Qi Baicao - An honest, humble and hardworking girl who has loved Yuanwudao since she was young. Her parents died in a fire accident and she was taken in by her teacher who she always supports and believes in. Though she hasn't had any formal training or experience, she initially starts competing in competitions for SongBai as a white belt and keeps working her way to the top with determination, becoming an exceptional and outstanding player in the female Yuanwudao community, earning the title, "The Whirlwind Girl".
Yang Yang as Ruo Bai - He is BaiCao's senior at Song Bai with whom she trains with. With his help, BaiCao works her way to the top. He is shown to be stoic and cold with a hidden kind heart. He takes notice of BaiCao's huge potential. He falls deeply in love with BaiCao from the beginning and is willing to do anything to help her accomplish her dreams, however he keeps his feelings to himself. Baicao initially sees him as her friend and mentor and is completely oblivious to his feelings for her. But in the end she later realizes that he is the one who is important in her heart.
Chen Xiang as Fang Tinghao - An international Yuanwudao champion and the current number one player, who is initially shown to be arrogant and flirtatious, yet has a kind heart. He develops an interest in BaiCao after meeting her for the first time and admires her skills in Yuanwudao. He soon falls deeply in love with her and gets jealous whenever he sees her with someone else. However Baicao only sees him as an important friend and respects him as a senior.
Zhao Yuannuan as Fang Tingyi - She is Tinghao's sister. A vain and arrogant girl, she is a Yuanwudao champion, and is regarded as "Moon Goddess", a superstar in the Yuanwudao world due to her talents and beautiful appearance. She likes Chuyuan, and is jealous of his love for Baicao. However, she later realizes her mistakes and encourages Baicao not to give up and continue to fight for SongBai. Fang Tingyi and Qi Baicao are like two sides of the same coin. Both are humbled by each other. When Baicao lost to Tingyi, she realizes that her strength alone wasn't going to help her and that there is no shortcut to hard work, no matter how long it takes, thus she is humbled by Tingyi. Tingyi is also humbled by Baicao when she realizes that her arrogance isn't going to get her anywhere and that it shouldn't matter if Baicao reaches her level because she doesn't practice Yuanwudao just to keep defeating Baicao, rather she practices it because she loves the sport. She is also the only person besides En-Xiu who hasn't been defeated by Baicao.
Bai Jingting as Yu Chuyuan - A former champion in the world of Yuanwudao who was number one. He quit Yuanwudao 4 years ago and is now a young medic. He is a humble and calm person and he too falls for BaiCao. Baicao likes him a bit initially but later realizes that she only sees him as her senior brother and close friend. The reason he quit the sport is revealed later on.
Ji Chang-wook as Chang An (Season 2) - The original drillmaster at Yun Feng Hall. A cold-hearted person initially, he was the youngest Yuanwudao master and the youngest exceptional player. He was betrayed by his close friend at Yun Feng and kicked out of due to a leg injury due to which he can no longer compete in matches. He then becomes the coach at Song Bai and trains BaiCao so that he could use her for his revenge plan due to her skilled abilities but ends up falling in love with her.
Supporting
Song Bai Yuanwudao Center
Leo Wu as Hu Yifeng
Ruo Bai's dorm mate. He appears to be lazy, but is very talented. He often bickers with Xiaoying, and later falls in love with her. He is good friends with Baicao.
Tan Songyun as Fan Xiaoying
Baicao's best friend; who always supports Baicao in times of need. She is a cheerful and playful girl. She likes Ruo Bai initially, but later falls in love with Yifeng whom she often bickers with.
Li Ze as Wu Xiuda: He initially disliked Baicao but soon comes to support her and becomes one of her close friends. It is hinted that he developed a crush on Baicao.
Yu Haoyang as Wu Xiuqin: She too didn't like Baicao at first. Baicao had strong abilities, hence she was worried that Baicao might take her place, but when Baicao cheers and supports her during a match, she comes to like Baicao and supports her.
Qie Lutong as Song Pingping: She was skeptical of Baicao coming to SongBai initially, but soon becomes her close friend.
Li Ji as Yin Yin: She too was skeptical of Baicao coming to SongBai initially, but soon becomes her close friend.
Gao Guangze as Yang Rui: He too didn't like the idea of Baicao being at SongBai, but later he becomes her close friend.
Li Qiang as Master Yu: Master of Song Bai Yuanwudao Center and Chuyuan's adoptive father. He is a kind hearted person and accepts Baicao as a student of SongBai at her master's request.
Quan Sheng Yuanwudao Center
Vincent Chiao as Qu Xiangnan
The former world champion of Yuanwudao; Baicao's master and Guangya's father. He started to look after Baicao during her childhood after her parents died in a fire accident. Due to an incident where he was framed for taking drugs, he was banned from the Yuanwudao industry. No believes in his innocence except for Baicao, who sees him as her father and is willing to anything to stand up for his honor.
Yu Tinger as Qu Guangya
Qu Xiangnan's daughter. She appears to be cold but is actually very kind. She is Baicao's childhood friend and cares for her deeply.
Feng Peng as Zheng Yuanhai
Current Master of Quan Sheng Yuanwudao Center.
This drama is highly recommended.
Xian Wu Yuanwudao Center
Yang Tailang as Shen Bo: He is Ting Hao's close friend and usually serves as an informative during Baicao's competitions. He also often talks to Ting Hao about Ting Hao's love for Baicao and supports it.
Wang Deshun as Master Wan
Master of Xian Wu Taekwondo Center and the Fang siblings' maternal grandfather.
Shi Xiaoqun as Shen Ning
A talented Yuanwudao coach, who is the role model of many female students. She is also Guangya's aunt.She believes that Qu Xiangnan (the husband of her late sister) had taken stimulants to cheat and as a result her sister had died from the shock. As a result she doesn't like Baicao initially because Baicao regards Qu Xiangnan as her master. However, she is surprised by Baicao's abilities and comes to appreciate her.
Chang Hai Yuanwudao Center
Jiang Yiyi as Kim Min-joo
A Yuanwudao student from South Korea, who is frank and adorable. Due to her father's rivalry with Qu Xiangnan, she holds a grudge against An Yang students. She initially dislikes Baicao, but eventually comes to admire her abilities and her personality.
Zhang Xueying as Li En-xiu
Chuyuan's half-sister. A kind-hearted and innocent girl who likes Tinghao. She is also an outstanding Yuanwudao athlete, the current top player in the female Yuanwudao community, referred to as "Maiden Master" and is Baicao's role model. She likes Baicao the moment they meet and comments on her remarkable abilities. She is also the only person besides Fang Tingyi who hasn't been defeated by Baicao and is the only one who has defeated Fang Tingyi.
Sun Lishi as Kim Yishan
Min-joo's father, and Qu Xiangnan's opponent. It is hinted that he may have used an underhanded method to defeat Qu Xiangnan back then to become world Yuanwudao champion.
Jang Tae-hoon as Min Shenghao
Yishan's beloved disciple. A determined and upright guy, who became the runner-up at the Yuanwudao Youth Champion after Tinghao. He is close to Min-joo, and admires En-xiu.
Li Jiacheng as Min Zai
Others
Huang Xiaolin as Mei Ling : A strong competitor whom Baicao defeats in her first Institute match. She was angry for being defeated by Baicao who just a white belt then but becomes her friend after Baicao kindly respects her.
Ma Chengcheng as Lin Feng : The second strongest female Yuanwudao competitor in China after Tingyi. She was defeated by Baicao in the quarter-finals of the Institute matches. She befriends Baicao after her defeat and supports her later on too.
Yang Xiaodan as Xiao Ying's mother : A kind hearted woman, who treats Baicao as her own daughter.
Fu Jia as Xiao Ying's father
Ma Ruojing as Pu Dongyuan, the person behind the drugs incident regarding Qu Xiangnan.
Li Haohan as Li Yunyue : The Father of En-xiu, Yin-xiu and Chuyuan.
Yi Ji as Shen Yuan, Qu Xiangnan's wife and Shen Ning's sister. She loved Baicao as her own daughter and used to look after her in her childhood. She died in childbirth which was just after her husband had been framed for taking drugs.
Xu Huiwen as Ruo Bai's mother
Production
In season 1, Xu Jiao was originally chosen to portray Qi Baicao, but withdrew due to physical problem and speech. The role eventually went to Hu Bingqing. This series also marks the second collaboration between Leo Wu and Jiang Yiyi. Filming began in April 2015 at Changsha and ended in July 2015.
Soundtrack
Reception
The drama is a commercial success. It maintained the number one spot in its timeslot during broadcast, with an average viewership rating of 1.68% (CSM50) and 2.43% (Nationwide), becoming one of the highest rated Chinese dramas for the year 2015. It also has 2 billion views on Mango TV.
Ratings
Highest ratings are marked in red, the lowest ratings are marked in blue
Awards
28th Golden Eagle Awards - Outstanding Television Series
22nd Huading Awards - Best Newcomer (Tan Songyun)
International broadcast
Season 1
Season 2
Sequel
The second season of the drama, The Whirlwind Girl 2, starred Korean actor Ji Chang-wook and An Yuexi.
References
Chinese romantic comedy television series
Chinese sports television series
2015 Chinese television series debuts
Television shows based on Chinese novels
Hunan Television dramas
Television series by Mango Studios
Matthew Hadde (c. 1544/5 – 8 August 1617), of St. Alphege, Canterbury, Kent and Lincoln's Inn, London, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Canterbury in 1604.
References
1544 births
1617 deaths
People from Canterbury
Members of Lincoln's Inn
English MPs 1604–1611
Started in 2015, as a virtual reality Meetup Group in Toronto, VRTO launched the VRTO Virtual & Augmented Reality World Conference & Expo in June 2016 – an international exhibition and professional conference exploring arts, culture and science through immersive technologies. Its inaugural year – held at the Mattamy Centre (better known as Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto, Canada) – featured keynotes from University of Toronto Professor Steve Mann, Hollywood film director Brett Leonard – director of The Lawnmower Man, Chief Digital Officer Ana Serrano of the Canadian Film Centre and Phil Lelyveld of USC.
Founded, produced and programmed by futurist, cinematographer, composer and Hollywood actor Keram Malicki-Sanchez, the opening year featured a keynote, town hall and discussion panel around creating a Code of Ethics for Humanistic Augmentation VRTO Spearheads Code of Ethics on Human Augmentation also known as the HACode or The Toronto Code. In 2016 and 2017 the show was co-produced by Jessy Blaze and Chrissy Aitchison and in 2018 and 2019 by Stephanie Greenall, Aitchison and Melanie Smith. Longtime collaborator Joshua Miles Joudrie served as a key production consultant.
VRTO 2016
The conference, in its inaugural year welcomed 800 attendees and 64 speakers from Toronto, Montreal and Los Angeles, and featured over 20 companies working in the development of virtual reality, augmented reality and mixed reality in addition to training sessions dedicated to the creation of 360 video, game development, photogrammetry and WebVR. The conference featured a preview of the FIVARS Festival of International Virtual & Augmented Reality Stories.
The conference featured a workshop titled The Hacker's Guide to the Metaverse that taught programming WebVR using the JanusVR open source platform.
VRTO 2017
The largest conference dedicated on virtual and augmented reality in Canada, the sophomore year featured 100 speakers and 60 installations. The second year of the VRTO Conference & Expo in 2017 was staged at the Rogers Communications Centre on the Ryerson University campus in downtown Toronto June 24–26 with the theme of "Giants" based on the quote by Sir Isaac Newton: "“If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of Giants.”
Keynote speakers included Stanford neuroscientist Professor Walter Greenleaf, PhD, Graham Smith, David A. Smith, Dr. Sara Diamond - President of OCAD University, Moses Znaimer, Charlie Fink, Dr. Karan Singh and James McCrae - founders of JanusVR and additional live interviews with Steve Mann, and Tim Merel among others.
Several panels, under the banner of "Super Sessions" featured leaders in the field of Virtual & Augmented Reality, health sciences (Dr. Lora Appel, Dr. Tom Overly, Dr. Stephane Bouchard), "Out-of-Home" entertainment (James Jensen of THE VOID, Eyal Kleiner of IMAX, Ed Callway of AMD).
The show was also the launchpad for various products and initiatives including the Canadian Film Centre's Pulse on VR "living ecosystem" report on the Virtual Reality industry, the Webmoti camera that mitigates social anxiety for children with autism who wish to participate in the classroom, and the Somato Cherry haptic wireless virtual reality controller.
Themed pavilions were co-curated between Malicki-Sanchez and specialists in their respective fields, including Dr. Maria Karam (somatosensory pavilion), Ian Kelso (augmented reality conference track), Isaac Rayment (augmented reality "ARt Gallery") that featured early augmented reality artists Zenka, Daniel Leighton, Alex Mayhew, Dan Goldman, among others.
VRTO 2018
VRTO 2018 shifted its lens to psychedelia, esoterica, philosophy and phenomenology and how they relate to experiential design, blockchain and Visual Effects featuring such speakers as Steve "Spaz" Williams (the VFX wizard behind the films The Mask, The Abyss and Jurassic Park), Philip Rosedale creator of Linden Labs and Second Life, and Brett Leonard, alongside 85 other leaders of the VR industry. In its third year, the event added an extra day of conferences, workshops and training. The exhibits featured numerous startup companies in the ideaboost incubator in partnership with the Canadian Film Centre.
VRTO 2019
In this year the conference moved to a new location – the Toronto Media Arts Centre. The 2019 conference shifted focus onto a recalibration for the spatialized technologies industry as a whole and added various notable authors to the lineup, including bestselling author Blake Harris "The History of the Future", and Douglas Rushkoff "Team Human". Other notable speakers included Sarah Vicks from Intel Studios and Olivier Asselin from Ubisoft who spoke about volumetric video and VR locomotion, respectively, and Amelia Winger-Bearskin, YouTube phenom syrmor made an in-person appearance, and panels on e-Sports, inclusivity, and a live game show featuring Blair Renaud, and Andre Elijah about game development.
VRTO 2020
With the social and global effects of the COVID-19 pandemic many conferences were forced to adapt or close down. The VRTO conference moved online for its 5th anniversary, forming a multiplatform, multimodal experience founder Malicki-Sanchez termed "The Flotilla," that had a 30-day run spanning June 6 to July 6. It used a video-streaming conference app, the Mozilla Hubs web VR platform running custom code on the Amazon Web Services cloud, the Discord\platform, and hosted a microsummit on accessibility. The conference also featured contributions from JanusVR and Rochester Institute of Technology. Podcaster Kent Bye wrote a phenomenological journal of his experience and stated that "VRToronto is doing a lot of pioneering work in making their conference more accessible.". The show was co-produced by Stephanie Greenall.
VRTO 2021
For the second year in a row, and due to the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic VRTO was hosted wholly in WebXR. "The Flotilla" continued to be a junction to link various virtual world platforms together. In the 2021 event this included links to various virtual world platforms along with the Dyscorpia Project spearheaded by international media artist Marilene Oliver and her fellows at the University of Alberta.
Besides these virtual spaces the conference hosted an extensive seven-day lineup of panels and presentations that included developer talks around game development, virtual production, Esports, accessibility and inclusion, volumetric capture, the arts, medical applications, enterprise and data analysis, and featured a daily live talkshow hosted from within the virtual world by host Max Noir. The event also featured a live performance workshop that was streamed to attendees and culminated in a live virtual performance operated by Dasha Kitteredge and Ari Tarr that was also viewable via VR, on mobile and desktop devices. The show was reviewed positively in VRTrend magazine.
VRTO 2022
VRTO returned to being a live and in-person event in 2022, taking place at OCAD University. The event was produced by Keram Malicki-Sanchez and associate producer Aimee Reynolds. The marketing campaign featured muppets created using GAN-created images with the Midjourney AI platform. Its new tagline was "Where Fresh Ideas Are Born." The 2-day conference featured speakers including Dr. Alexis Morris, Dario Laverde HTC Vive, Justin Cathcart (Dark Slope) and the lead team of virtual production from VFX studio Pixomondo who shared secrets behind the creation of Star Trek: Strange New Worlds and Star Trek: Discovery. The show focused on the way spatial media was reaching critical mass in affecting media creation and featuring talks about live VR theater performance, Hyperreality TV, natural-language Holodecks, and next-gen haptic technology. The event drew over 200 attendees from across North America.
References
Virtual reality organizations
Technology conferences
Video game conferences
Business conferences
June 2019 events in Canada
Coherence is the fifth studio album by the Australian Melodic death metal band Be'lakor. It was released by the music label Napalm Records on 29 October 2021.
Background
Coherence is the first new full length album released by the band since 2016. The album was mixed by Jens Bogren (Opeth, Katatonia, Leprous, At the Gates). Three music videos were released for the album. The videos for "Hidden Window" and "Foothold" are lyric videos, while the video for "Valence" is a typical music video.
Keyboardist Steve Merry stated in regards to the album "Coherence has two of our longest ever songs; it has some really substantial instrumental tracks; it's heavy and progressive in places, but still full of the melody that drives our work. The album's lyrics also explore quite different ideas to those of our earlier albums."
Reception
The album was well received by both fans and critics. Their progressive-inflected type of melodic death metal is rocking enough to satisfy true death metal fans while still being dynamic enough to suit those who don't want to listen to an hour of blast beats. Coherence is a fantastic melodic death metal album that metal enthusiasts of all stripes should check out. This is the kind of album that proclaims its prowess right away, but has enough staying power to keep even the most devoted listeners occupied for the rest of 2021, if not well into the next year, thanks to its highly involved and complicated nature. Be'lakor's songwriting abilities are unrivaled in the genre, as they push and pull dynamics and atmosphere like no one else in the melodic death metal genre. The sheer wealth of sensations evoked by this record is a treat to behold, yet it is done so without vanity or self-indulgence.
The album was nominated 'Global Metal Release Of The Year' at the 2021 Global Metal Apocalypse awards, it finished 4th.
Track listing
Personnel
Be'Lakor
George Kosmas – guitar, vocals
Shaun Sykes – guitar
John Richardson – bass
Elliott Sansom – drums
Steven Merry - Keyboard
Production
Troy McCosker – producer
Jens Bogren - mixing
Tony Lindgren - mastering
Charts
References
2021 albums
Napalm Records albums
Be'lakor albums
A Pencil to the Jugular is a 2021 Mexican-Australian drama film set during the COVID-19 lockdowns in Melbourne. It is the second installment in a 2020 trilogy of feature films directed by Matthew Victor Pastor. The film premiered at the 43rd Moscow International Film Festival in April 2021. The film was co-written by Lorena Zarate.
Synopsis
March 2020: a worldwide catastrophic event unfolds, as an ensemble of young migrants' lives fall apart. Through the chaos these lives will cross paths and a pencil will be taken to the jugular.
Cast
Lorena Zarate as Libra
Felise Morales as Amanda
Shirong Wu as Ying
Reception
Panos Kotzathanasis of Asian Movie Pulse has said in a review "A Pencil in the Jugular is an uneven film, which can be beautiful at times, features interesting characters and well presented social comments, but suffers from lack of restraint."
Conception
The film is a reaction to the rise of global hate crimes towards Asians during the COVID-19 pandemic. Pastor has stated in inquirer.net “multicultural communities can stand in solidarity … and allow us (Asians) to write ourselves into history.”
Pastor has also mentioned in an interview with The Swanston Gazette that he is interested in editing a five-hour version of the trilogy making the future, present and past elements of the three films into a singular vision edit with a runtime of 320 minutes. The 5 hour version of the film may act as a full vision.
References
External links
2021 drama films
2021 films
Australian drama films
Mexican drama films
2020s English-language films
Samuel G. Havermale (October 15, 1824 – January 13, 1904) was a notable Methodist minister and pioneer of Spokane.
Biography
Samuel G. Havermale was born October 15, 1824 in Sharpsburg, Maryland. His family moved in 1833 to Montgomery County, Ohio. He was educated there, and then went on to Rock River Seminary, in Mount Morris, Illinois.
While there, on November 1, 1849, he married Elizabeth Goldthrop, who already had 4 children.
In 1873 he accepted a transfer to become pastor of the church at Walla Walla, Washington. He preached the first sermon to the white people at Spokane Falls in Washington Territory, and shortly afterward moved there with his family, where he preached until 1879. His pre-emption land is now the center of Spokane.
He was president of Spokane's first city council. Leaving the ministry, he became a mill owner, erecting a six-story structure with a capacity of 800 barrels a day. He finally sold out in 1887 and moved to San Diego, California, for a brief time, then returned to Spokane once more. In 1902 he was the defendant in an action in the Washington state Supreme Court. He died in Spokane on January 13, 1904.
He and his wife had three children.
Havermale High School, Havermale Island and the new Havermale Park are all named after him.
References
all-biographies.com citing ''An Illustrated History of Southern California; pub. Chicago: Lewis Pub. Co., 1890.
Family Tree
An illustrated history of Spokane County
C.B. Carlisle, Spokane County as it is: Solid Facts and Actual Results. Portland, 1883
Lawsuit
Havermale school
Biography
External links
Research Center Finding Aids at www.washingtonhistory.org provides finding aid to article subject from the Special Collections, Washington State Historical Society (WSHS)
Businesspeople from Spokane, Washington
1904 deaths
1824 births
Methodist ministers
American manufacturing businesspeople
19th-century American clergy
The Selmanaires are an American Indie electronic band from Atlanta, Georgia.
Influenced by the sounds of myriads cultures and eras, the Selmanaires sound is a musical collage which dances the boundary between tradition and experiment. It was formed in 2003 on Selman Street, Atlanta, Georgia by Herb Harris, Jason Harris, and Tommy Chung. The group expanded to a four-piece first with Mathis Hunter on guitar and percussion. In 2008 Mario Schambon on percussion. On occasion, Adron on vocals and guitar. Their dynamic is based on a mutual love of the hypnotic sounds of Can and Kraftwerk, Brazilian Bossa Nova and Tropicalia, and 60s pop from all around the globe. The Selmanaires first show was in 2003 at a house party in Atlanta. After a few years of building a local following, they began touring the country in 2006. In 2007, The Selmanaires embarked on a national tour with hometown friends The Black Lips. On a national tour with Broadcast and Atlas Sound in October/November 2009, they pulled double duty, performing both as The Selmanaires and also as backing band for Bradford Cox as Atlas Sound. They have also performed shows with Wire, Pylon, and Deerhunter. The band ceased in 2010.
Discography
Here Come The Selmanaires CD (2005) (International Hits)
"Standing In Line At An Elevator" 7" (2006) (Rob's House Records)
"Whirlyball" 7" (w/ Deerhunter, The Coathangers, & The Carbonas) (2007) (Chunklet)
The Air Salesmen (2008) (International Hits)
"Just To Get Yr Love/ Verdigris Intrigue" 7" (2008) (International Hits)
"Princess Illusionist Frankenstein" 7" (2008) (Rob's House Records)
Tempo Temporal CD (2009) (self-released)
"Sinister Season/B. Spell" 7" (Double Phantom Records) (2010)
"Authenlectricity/WindTruStar" (2010) digital single
External links
Spotify page: https://open.spotify.com/artist/551OQnzRduKBAWWcgMfhAU?si=xZibgP9_R9W0Yz2184Yqmg
Selmanaires Sound Center
References
Musical groups from Atlanta
Indie pop groups from Georgia (U.S. state)
Indie rock musical groups from Georgia (U.S. state)
is a railway station in Kure, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kure Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1935
Dathuputhran is a 1970 Indian Malayalam film, directed and produced by Kunchacko. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sathyan, Sheela and Jayabharathi in the lead roles. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Ponnachan
Sathyan as Kunjachan
Sheela as Gracy
Jayabharathi as Annakutty
Adoor Pankajam as Achamma
Alummoodan as Kothan Mathai
K. P. Ummer as Jose
Kottayam Chellappan as Police Officer
S. P. Pillai as Kunjavarachan
Ushakumari as Omana
Pankajavalli as Rahel
Kaduvakulam Antony as Paulose
Vijayasree as Vanaja
PJ Antony as Maanichan
Adoor Bhasi as Jose's father
Aranmula Ponnamma as Kunjachan's mother
AJ Abraham as Doctor
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1970 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
The Burlington–Harmony Hill Roads Historic District encompasses a historic rural agricultural crossroads village in eastern Harwinton, Connecticut. Stretching mainly along Harmony Hill Road north of its junction with Burlington Road, it includes residential buildings dating from the mid-18th to late 19th centuries. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
Description and history
The town of Harwinton was established in 1737 from land formerly part of Hartford and Windsor. Burlington Road, now Connecticut Route 4, was then as now the main road between Farmington and Litchfield. The junction with Harmony Hill Road and Locust Road, east of the village center, formed as a small community center known as Catlin's Corners, named for Abraham Catlin, the first settler to the area who also operated a small shop. Instead of dispersed farmsteads, the area grew with houses stretched along Harmony Hill Road north of the junction, with six houses built before the turn of the 19th century, and a school was added at the northeast corner of the junction in the late 18th century.
The historic district is linear, extending from a farmstead on the east side of Locust Street a short way south of the main intersection to a group of three 18th-century houses on the west side of Harmony Hill Road north of the junction. The district's properties are well spaced, and a range in sizes up to . The district as a whole is in size. Houses are typically 2-1/2 stories in height, and of wood frame construction. The oldest is that of Jonathan Brace, built about 1730; other houses included two that have been converted from 19th-century barns, and one that was adapted from the 18th-century school building in the 19th century. Two 18th-century houses built by Abraham Catlin's son Abijah defines the main intersection.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Litchfield County, Connecticut
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Connecticut
National Register of Historic Places in Litchfield County, Connecticut
Georgian architecture in Connecticut
Queen Anne architecture in Connecticut
Colonial Revival architecture in Connecticut
Geography of Litchfield County, Connecticut
Harwinton, Connecticut
Janet Fish (born May 18, 1938) is a contemporary American realist artist. Through oil painting, lithography, and screenprinting, she explores the interaction of light with everyday objects in the still life genre. Many of her paintings include elements of transparency (plastic wrap, water), reflected light, and multiple overlapping patterns depicted in bold, high color values. She has been credited with revitalizing the still life genre.
Early life and education
Janet Isobel Fish was born on in Boston, Massachusetts, and was raised in Bermuda, where her family moved when she was ten years old. From a young age, she was surrounded by many artistic influences. Her father was professor of art history Peter Stuyvesant Fish and her mother was sculptor and potter Florence Whistler Voorhees. Her sister, Alida, is a photographer. Her grandfather, whose studio was in Bermuda, was American Impressionist painter Clark Voorhees. Her uncle, also named Clark Voorhees, was a wood carver and his wife, a painter.
Fish knew from a young age that she wanted to pursue the visual arts. She said, "I came from a family of artists, and I always made art and knew I wanted to be an artist." Fish was talented in ceramics and she initially intended to be a sculptor. As a teenager, Fish was an assistant in the studio of sculptor Byllee Lang.
Fish attended Smith College, in Northampton, Massachusetts, concentrating on sculpture and printmaking. She studied under George Cohn, Leonard Baskin, and Mervin Jules. She spent one of her summers studying at the Art Students League of New York and attended a painting class led by Stephen Greene. Fish received a Bachelor of Arts from Smith in 1960. This was followed by a summer residency at The Skowhegan School of Art in Skowhegan, Maine in 1961.
Fish enrolled at the Yale University School of Art and Architecture in New Haven, Connecticut, attending from 1960 to 1963. There she changed her focus from sculpture to painting. Her instructor for an introductory painting class was Alex Katz, who encouraged students to explore the shows in New York galleries which expanded Fish's knowledge of the art world. During that period, art schools tended to favor the teaching of Abstract Expressionism, influencing Fish's burgeoning artistic style. She soon developed her own direction noting that "Abstract Expressionism didn't mean anything to me. It was a set of rules."
Her fellow Yale students included Chuck Close, Richard Serra, Brice Marden, Nancy Graves, Sylvia and Robert Mangold, and Rackstraw Downes. In 1963, Fish became one of the first women to earn a Master of Fine Arts from Yale's School of Art and Architecture.
Work
Fish largely rejected the Abstract Expressionism endorsed by her Yale instructors feeling "totally disconnected" from it and desiring instead the "physical presence of objects". Undaunted by the dogma of pure abstraction which reigned in her formative years, Janet Fish connected with images in the real world. Rooted in the Modernist formal tradition and the Dutch still life genre tradition, her work adheres to the world of concrete contemporary experience. Fish's simple, familiar subjects are rendered with formal complexity, richness of detail and the vibrant, tropical palette of her childhood.
Fish is interested in painting light and a concept she has on occasion called "packaging", such as jars, cellophane, and wrappers.
Among her other favorite subjects are everyday objects, especially various kinds of clear glassware, either empty or partially filled with liquids such as water, liquor, or vinegar. Examples range from glasses, bottles, goblets, and jars to a fishbowl filled with water and a goldfish. Other subjects include teacups, flower bouquets, textiles with interesting patterns, goldfish, vegetables, and mirrored surfaces.
Although Fish's work has been characterized as Photorealist or New Realism, she does not consider herself a photorealist. Elements, such as her composition and use of color, demonstrate the view of a painter rather than a photographer.
Life
After graduating from Yale, Fish spent a year in Philadelphia then moved to SoHo where she became friends with Louise Nevelson.
Fish was an art instructor at the School of Visual Arts and Parsons The New School for Design (both in New York City), Syracuse University (Syracuse, New York), and the University of Chicago.
Fish had two short-lived marriages, which she claims were unsuccessful at least partly due to her high ambitions and her reluctance to be a "good conventional housewife". She resides, and paints, in her SoHo, New York City loft and her Vermont farmhouse in Middletown Springs.
Exhibitions
Fish's first solo show was at Rutherford, New Jersey's Fairleigh Dickinson University in 1967 and her first New York exhibition followed two years later. Fish exhibited over 75 times nationally and internationally. Below is a selection of the exhibitions of her work.
Modern Contemporary Art, Freeman's, Philadelphia, group exhibition
Janet Fish, Pinwheels & Poppies Paintings 1980–2008, DC Moore Gallery, New York, 2017, solo exhibition
Janet Fish, Glass Plastic, The Early Years 1968-1978, DC Moore Gallery, New York, 2016, solo exhibition
The Annual 2015: The Depth of the Surface, National Academy of Design, New York, 2015, group exhibition
This American Life, Kemper Museum of Contemporary Art, Kansas City, MO, 2014, group exhibition
Fall Fantasy - Small Scale Works, Marianne Friedland Gallery, Naples, FL, 2014, group exhibition
Janet Fish, Panopoly, DC Moore Gallery, New York, NY, 2013, solo exhibition
Compelling Images, Makeready Press Gallery, Montclair, NJ, 2013, group exhibition
Janet Fish, Recent Paintings, Charles Birchfield Landscapes DC Moore Gallery, New York, 2012, group exhibition
Janet Fish, The Butler Institute of American Art, Youngstown, OH, 2006, solo exhibition
The Art of Janet Fish, Ogunquit Museum of American Art, Ogunquit, ME, 2004, solo exhibition
Janet Fish, LewAllen Contemporary, Santa Fe, NM, 2004, solo exhibition
Janet Fish, Samuel P. Harn Museum of Art, Gainesville, FL, 2003, solo exhibition
Janet Fish, The Columbus Museum Columbus, GA, 2000, solo exhibition
Janet Fish, Paintings and Drawings Since 1975, Marsh Gallery, University of Richmond, 1987, solo exhibition
76 Jefferson, 1976, Museum of Modern Art, group exhibition
New York Exhibition, 1969, solo exhibition
Rutherford, New Jersey 's Fairleigh Dickinson University, 1967, solo exhibition
Recognition
Art critic Gerrit Henry has described Fish as the acknowledged master of the contemporary still life.
A writer for The New York Times said that Fish's "ambitious still life painting helped resuscitate realism in the 1970s" and that she imbued everyday objects with a "bold optical and painterly energy". Critic Vincent Katz concurs, stating that Fish's career "can be summed up as the revitalization of the still-life genre, no mean feat when one considers that still life has often been considered the lowest type of objective painting".
In an interview, American painter Eric Fischl spoke of his admiration for Janet Fish: "She's one of the most interesting realists of her generation. Her work is a touchstone, and tremendously influential. Anyone who deals with domestic still life has to go through her, she's very important."
Fish has been honored with various awards and fellowships, including:
MacDowell Fellowship, 1968, 1969 and 1972
Harris Award, Chicago Biennale, 1974
Australia Council for Arts Grant, 1975
Elected into the National Academy of Design, 1990
Hubbard Museum Award, 1991
Aspen Art Museum Woman in Arts Award, 1993
American Academy of Arts and Letters Award, 1994
Smith College Medal, 2012
Fish's work is included in the permanent collection of many institutions and museums.
Museum collections
Albrecht-Kemper Museum of Art, Saint Joseph, Missouri
American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters, NY
Art Institute of Chicago
Bermuda National Gallery
Canton Museum of Art
Cleveland Museum of Art
Columbia Museum of Art
Dallas Museum of Art
Dayton Art Institute
Farnsworth Art Museum
Harn Museum of Art
Kalamazoo Institute of Arts
Maier Museum of Art at Randolph College
Metropolitan Museum of Art
Mount Holyoke College Art Museum
Museum of Fine Arts, Boston
Museum of Fine Arts, Houston
Museum of Modern Art, New York
Museum of Victoria
National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C.
Orlando Museum of Art
Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts
Smith College Museum of Art
Smithsonian American Art Museum
Westmoreland Museum of American Art
Whitney Museum of American Art
Wichita Art Museum
Yale University Art Gallery
References
Sources
External links
Archives of American Art, Smithsonian Institution: Oral History Interview
Some sites displaying images of Fish's work:
DC Moore Gallery
American women painters
Modern artists
1938 births
Living people
20th-century American painters
21st-century American painters
Artists from Boston
Smith College alumni
Art Students League of New York alumni
Yale School of Art alumni
Yale University alumni
School of Visual Arts faculty
Parsons School of Design faculty
Syracuse University faculty
University of Chicago faculty
MacDowell Colony fellows
Painters from Massachusetts
American people of Dutch descent
20th-century American women artists
21st-century American women artists
American women academics
