Barbara Cupisti is an Italian award-winning documentary director with a long career as film actress.
As an actress, she is well known outside of her native country by horror fans, who will most likely recognize her from her films with director Michele Soavi and Dario Argento.
As a director, she is considered one of the most talented female directors of documentaries in the world. Mostly focused on human rights, she said that "her goal is to "give voice "to the people who don't have the opportunity to speak".
Career as actress
Cupisti started her career as a dancer with the Luis Falco company. She specialized in action movies and became famous in France for her role in the very popular TV "feuilleton" Chateauvallon.
She speaks Italian, English, French, Spanish and Esperanto.
Career as director
Since 2002 she started to direct for Rai Cinema. Her first documentary movie Mothers (90 min), produced by the Italian RaiCinema and shown in Venice Film Festival 2007, won the David di Donatello 2008 for Best Documentary of the year. It was considered a masterpiece by both the national and international press.
Her second documentary, Forbidden Childhood, was screened in the festival circuit and has received the Audience Award for the Best Documentary Film at the Bahrein International Human Rights Film Festival (May 2009) and the Amnesty International Cinema and Human Rights Award at the Pesaro International Film Festival for the New Cinema (June 2009), and at the Bobbio Film Festival of Marco Bellocchio. Unicef Italia gave to this movie the High Patronage.
(I am - Stories of slavery), her third film, is about human trafficking in Italy. It was presented at the Venice Film Festival 2011 with the patronage of Amnesty International Italy and was a finalist at the Monte-Carlo Television Festival.
Fratelli e Sorelle-storie di carcere is a two-episode documentary about the dramatic situation in Italian prisons. The film has been awarded with Premio Ilaria Alpi 2012, the most important journalist award in Italy, for the best documentary of the year and got the nomination for David di Donatello 2013.
Interferenze Rom 2013 was shot in the Republic of Macedonia, Italy, and France and talks about the Gipsy community in Europe.
Cupisti made a series of three documentaries about refugees from all over the word and the reasons for their exile, titled Exiles: The wars, Exiles: Tibet, and Exiles: The Environment.
In 2016 Exiles: The wars wins the Special Nastro d'argento of the National Syndicate of Italian Film Journalists.
In 2018, Womanity is released. The film tells the story of thirty-six hours of four women in India, Egypt and the United States. It attended the Rome Film Festival and won at the Italian Film Festival in Madrid.
She is currently working on the post production of the documentary My America.
Filmography
Actress
Director
External links
Secret Garden Productions
References
Italian film actresses
Italian television actresses
Living people
Accademia Nazionale di Arte Drammatica Silvio D'Amico alumni
1962 births
Italian women film directors
Lagos Lagoon is a lagoon found in the city of Lagos, Nigeria, the most populous city in Africa. The name Lagos means 'lakes' in Portuguese, therefore Lagos Lagoon is an example of a tautological place name. The lagoon lies between the Atlantic Ocean and Lagos State. It is one of the ten lagoons in Lagos State and the largest in the Gulf of Guinea which spans over .
The lagoon is a habitat for different aquatic organisms, such as various species of fish that are sources of income and food for communities surrounding it.
Physical characteristics
The lagoon is more than 50 km long and 3–13 km wide, separated from the Atlantic Ocean by long sand spit 2–5 km long . Its surface area is approximately 6,354.7 km². The lagoon is fairly shallow and is not plied by ocean-going ships, but by smaller barges and boats. It receives the discharge of the Ogun River and the Osun River.
The sediments of the lagoon ranges from mangrove swamp to muddy and sandy foreshores.
Geography
Lagos Lagoon empties into the Atlantic Ocean via Lagos Harbour, a main channel through the heart of the city, 0.5 km to 1 km wide and 10 km long. The principal ocean port of Lagos is located at Apapa in a broad western branch off the main channel of the harbour.
Another branch off the main channel that is narrower and longer separates Lagos Island from Victoria Island, the broad sand spit which forms the coastline.
The city spreads along more than 30 km of the lagoon's south-western and western shoreline. Pollution by urban and industrial waste is a major problem as a large amount of wastewater is released into the lagoon daily. The 11-km-long Third Mainland Bridge was built off the western shore to by-pass congested mainland suburbs.
To its north-east the lagoon is connected by a channel passing south of the town of Epe to the Lekki Lagoon. Narrow winding channels connect the system through a broad band of coastal swamps and rivers, as far away as Sapele, 250 km to the east.
The areas around west-Lagos Lagoon are not well provided with roads and many communities there traditionally rely on water transport.
In the middle of the lagoon are the Palaver Islands.
Pollution and degradation due to human activities
The Lagos Lagoon, situated in one of the fastest growing megacities in the world, Lagos which is known for its rapid growth in population and industrial development, has become a hub of industrial, agricultural and domestic wastes. According to WHO and Africa UN Environment, Lagos Lagoon is the most polluted African ecosystem with its major wastes coming from oil and textile industry as well as urban sewage carried by the Ogun and Osun rivers.
Excessive fishing activities, sand mining and dredging, also contribute to the degradation of the Lagoon's ecosystem. In a study conducted, it was found that these wastes disposed in the lagoon are a threat to fish and mammal biology, which can in turn be harmful to humans. They contain heavy metals such as mercury and cadmium, organic compounds PCBs, Phenolsa, PAHs and organotins.
Gallery
Notes
Lagoons of Lagos
Geography of Lagos
Lagoons of Yorubaland
Vera Yevgenyevna Bazarova (, born 28 January 1993) is a Russian pair skater. With former partner Yuri Larionov, she is the 2012–13 Grand Prix Final silver medalist, a three-time European medalist (silver in 2012; bronze in 2011 and 2014), the 2007 World Junior silver medalist, and the 2012 Russian national champion. They won six senior Grand Prix series medals outside the final, including gold at the 2012 NHK Trophy. After their partnership ended, Bazarova competed with Andrei Deputat.
Personal life
Bazarova was born on 28 January 1993 in Yekaterinburg, Russia. She enrolled at Perm State Pedagogical University, Faculty of Physical Education. She then studied tourism in Yekaterinburg; her father and sister work in tourism.
Early years on the ice
Bazarova began skating in 1997. She trained in Yekaterinburg mostly as a singles skater until the age of 12. At that time, coach Ludmila Kalinina invited her to Perm to train in pair skating.
Partnership with Larionov
2005–09
In spring 2005, Kalinina paired Bazarova with Yuri Larionov. They trained in Perm at the Orlenok Ice Palace until 2011.
Bazarova/Larionov took silver at the 2007 World Junior Championships. In October, they won their first senior international medal when they claimed the bronze at 2007 Skate America. In December of the same year, the pair won gold at the 2007 Junior Grand Prix Final. However, in January 2008, they were disqualified and stripped of the medal due to a doping violation found in a blood sample Larionov gave before the Final. Larionov was also suspended for two years, beginning on 18 January 2008. His sentence was later reduced to 18 months and ended on 17 July 2009. Bazarova decided to wait for Larionov: "There were offers from others, but I said right away that I'm not going to skate with someone else."
2009–10 season
Bazarova/Larionov made their return to competition during the 2009–10 season. Their first event was the 2009 Cup of Russia where they placed fourth and they won the bronze medal at Russian Nationals, earning them further assignments. In January 2010, the pair finished 5th at the European Championships. In February, they placed 11th at the Olympics and then completed their season with an 8th-place finish at the World Championships in March. They were named Breakthrough of the Year (pair skating) at the 2010 Crystal Ice Awards held in October 2010 in Moscow.
2010–11 season
Bazarova/Larionov began the 2010–11 season with a win at 2010 Nebelhorn Trophy in September. Their first Grand Prix event was the 2010 NHK Trophy in October, where they won the silver medal. At 2010 Trophée Eric Bompard, they won another silver medal, in doing so setting new personal best scores in the short program (64.18) and long program (118.82). Their results qualified them for the Grand Prix Final, their first at the senior level, where they finished fifth. At the Russian Nationals they won their second bronze medal.
At the 2011 European Championships, they won the bronze medal after finishing third in both programs and setting personal best scores in the long program and combined total (188.24). Although many skaters, including those based at other Russian training centers, criticized the freezing conditions at the arena, Bazarova said, "At home in our ice rink in Perm, it can also be very cold so we are kind of used to it." At the 2011 World Championships, they finished 5th.
2011–12 season
In June 2011, it was reported that Bazarova/Larionov would move along with their coach, Ludmila Kalinina, from Perm to Saransk. Bazarova said they were comfortable in Saransk, also the host of the 2011 and 2012 Russian national championships. The pair's first event of the 2011–2012 season was Nebelhorn Trophy, where they won silver. They were 5th at 2011 Skate America, their first Grand Prix event of the season. At 2011 Trophée Eric Bompard, they won the silver medal with a new personal best in the free program. Bazarova/Larionov won their first national title at the 2012 Russian Championships. At the 2012 European Championships, they set new personal bests in their short and long programs. They scored a total of 193.79 points overall and won the silver medal. They finished 6th at the 2012 World Championships. Bazarova/Larionov were assigned to represent Team Russia at the 2012 World Team Trophy. They placed first in the pairs event.
2012–13 season
Bazarova/Larionov decided to spend more time in Novogorsk (near Moscow) working with former Bolshoi soloist Liudmila Vlasova, who assisted them with interpretation. They withdrew from the 2012 Nebelhorn Trophy after the short program due to a recurring injury to Bazarova's right hip. On November 1, Larionov said the injury did not require an operation. Bazarova said it was not painful but her leg would feel very weak at times and that massage treated the problem effectively.
After taking silver at the 2012 Rostelecom Cup, Bazarova/Larionov won their first Grand Prix title at the 2012 NHK Trophy. They qualified for their second Grand Prix Final. At the final in Sochi, Russia, they won the silver medal with personal best scores in both programs and a total of 201.60 points.
Bazarova/Larionov withdrew from the 2013 Russian Championships. Aleksandr Gorshkov said that Larionov had boot problems and could not endanger his partner. The pair was named in the Russian team to the 2013 European Championships but withdrew due to Larionov's wrist injury which prevented him from doing a number of pairs elements. They were replaced by Ksenia Stolbova / Fedor Klimov. Larionov had an operation in Moscow. On 21 February 2013, Larionov confirmed they were no longer working with Ludmila Kalinina. The pair trained in Novogorsk, Moscow, advised by Viktor Kudriavtsev, in the period leading up to the 2013 World Championships, with a decision on a new main coach likely to be made after the event. Bazarova injured her hip on a fall while training in Detroit before Worlds. They finished 7th at the event.
On 26 March 2013, Bazarova/Larionov announced they would be coached by Nina Mozer. In preparation for the 2013–14 season, the pair began training in Moscow and then travelled with Mozer's group to West Orange, New Jersey in May.
2013–14 season
At the start of the season, Bazarova/Larionov considered adding a quadruple twist but decided against it. During the 2013–14 Grand Prix series, they placed fourth at the 2013 Trophee Eric Bompard and then won the silver medal at the 2013 Rostelecom Cup, behind Aliona Savchenko / Robin Szolkowy. After winning the 2013 NRW Trophy, the pair took silver at the 2014 Russian Championships, losing by a margin of 0.45 to Ksenia Stolbova / Fedor Klimov. At the 2014 European Championships, Bazarova/Larionov won the bronze medal, again finishing behind Stolbova/Klimov.
In February 2014, Bazarova/Larionov appeared at their second Olympics, in Sochi. They were not selected for the team event but did compete in the separate pairs event, placing sixth. The next month, they competed at the 2014 World Championships in Saitama, Japan. During the free skate, Larionov stumbled while setting Bazarova down from a lift but they avoided injury and finished seventh overall. Later that day, 27 March 2014, he told Bazarova that he wanted to end their partnership. Nina Mozer made the split public several days later.
Partnership with Deputat
On 9 April 2014, it was reported that Bazarova and Andrei Deputat would skate together, coached by Oleg Vasiliev. On 16 April, Deputat said their partnership was officially approved by the Russian Figure Skating Federation and they would begin training in Saint Petersburg under Vasiliev. In May, Vasiliev said they would relocate to Moscow and Saransk because of better funding.
2014–15 season
Bazarova/Deputat were awarded the bronze medal at the 2014 CS Lombardia Trophy and silver at the International Cup of Nice. They received two Grand Prix assignments, the 2014 Cup of China and 2014 NHK Trophy, and placed 4th at both. The pair finished 5th at the 2015 Russian Championships.
2015–16 season
Competing in the 2015–16 Grand Prix series, Bazarova/Deputat finished 5th at the 2015 Skate Canada International finishing 5th and 4th at the 2015 NHK Trophy. In December 2015, the pair placed 6th at the 2016 Russian Championships. In March 2016, they won gold at the inaugural Cup of Tyrol in Innsbruck, Austria.
2016–17 season
Bazarova/Deputat withdrew from their 2016–17 Grand Prix assignment, the 2016 Skate Canada International. On 17 November 2016, Bazarova confirmed reports that they had parted ways but decided to leave a decision on whether to continue her competitive career until after the New Year.
Programs
With Deputat
With Larionov
Competitive highlights
GP: Grand Prix; CS: Challenger Series; JGP: Junior Grand Prix
With Deputat
With Larionov
Detailed results
Small medals for short and free programs awarded only at ISU Championships. At team events, medals awarded for combined team results only.
With Deputat
With Larionov
References
External links
Russian female pair skaters
1993 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Yekaterinburg
Olympic figure skaters of Russia
Figure skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Figure skaters at the 2014 Winter Olympics
European Figure Skating Championships medalists
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Competitors at the 2015 Winter Universiade
Thierry Smolderen (born 25 November 1954) is an essay writer, and a scenario writer of Belgian comic strips, for example of Gipsy.
He is a teacher at École des Beaux-Arts of Angoulême, and he devotes his energy to realising Coconino World, the webzine he animates with some friends and former students. As a comic books historian, he wrote Naissances de la bande dessinée (2009), about the "platinum age" of comics. This book has been published in English by the University Press of Mississippi in 2014, under the title The Origins of Comics: From William Hogarth to Winsor McCay (Eisner Award nominee of 2015 in the Best Scholarly/Academic Work category).
External links
Some on-line publications at Coconino World.
Belgian comics writers
1954 births
Living people
École des Beaux-Arts faculty
Comics critics
Ko Ko (; born 10 March 1956 in Mandalay, Burma) was the Minister for Home Affairs of Myanmar (Burma) from 2011 to 2016. He retired as a Lieutenant General on 30 March 2016 from the Myanmar Army.
References
Government ministers of Myanmar
Burmese military personnel
1956 births
People from Mandalay
Living people
The La Gorce Mountains () are a group of mountains, spanning , standing between the tributary Robison Glacier and Klein Glacier at the east side of the upper reaches of the Scott Glacier, in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica. They were discovered in December 1934 by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition geological party under Quin Blackburn, and named by Richard E. Byrd for John Oliver La Gorce, Vice President of the National Geographic Society.
Features
Geographical features include:
Ackerman Ridge
Beard Peak
Delta Peak
Gjertsen Promontory
Goldstream Peak
Graves Nunataks
Hourglass Buttress
Johansen Peak
Kessens Peak
Klein Glacier
Mount Gjertsen
Mount Grier
Mount Mooney
Mount Paine
Robison Glacier
Scott Glacier
Surprise Spur
Waterhouse Spur
References
Queen Maud Mountains
Razai is a generic reference two villages, Razai Khullen and Razai Khunou Ukhrul in Ukhrul district, Manipur state, India. The village falls under Chingai sub division. National Highway 150 that connects Imphal-Kohima via Ukhrul and Jessami passes through the village. Razai is about 50 kilometers from Ukhrul; and is flanked by Peh in the west, Awang Kasom in the south, Chingai in the east and Maremphung in the north. Locally, the inhabitants speak Razai dialect that belongs to the Tibeto-Burman language family.
Total population
According to 2011 census, Razai Khullen has 84 households with the total of 421 people of which 201 are male and 220 are female. Of the total population, 62 were in the age group of 0–6 years. The average sex ratio of the village is 1095 female to 1000 male which is higher than the state average 985. The literacy rate of the village stands at 67.97% which is lower than the state average 76.94%. Male literacy rate stands at 77.25% while female literacy rate was 59.90%.
According to 2011 census, Razai Khunou has 89 households with the total of 470 people of which 227 are male and 243 are female. Of the total population, 83 were in the age group of 0–6 years. The average sex ratio of the village is 1070 female to 1000 male which is higher than the state average 985. The literacy rate of the village stands at 60.21% which is lower than the state average 76.94%. Male literacy rate stands at 58.64% while female literacy rate was 61.73%.
People and occupation
The village is home to people of Tangkhul Naga tribe. A majority of the inhabitants are Christians. Agriculture is the primary occupation for the majority of the inhabitants.
References
Villages in Ukhrul district
Old Turtle is a 1992 book by Douglas Wood about Creation and the nature of God.
Reception
School Library Journal, in a review of Old Turtle, wrote "Environmentally conscious, gender-balanced (references to God include ``She), and spiritual in mood, this is a New Age fable; its message of saving the Earth is told in lyrical prose and in pictures that delight the eye." and Kirkus Reviews called it "A handsome, thought-provoking book, especially appropriate for collections that support religious instruction."Publishers Weekly'' called it "an enchanting book.", but found "Difficult ideas, painterly art and sophisticated language make this a book primarily for adults."
Awards
1992 ILA Children's and Young Adults' Book Awards - Younger Reader Category
1993 American Booksellers' Children's Book of the Year - winner
1993 International Reading Association Children's Book Award - Picture Book
References
1992 children's books
American picture books
Books about turtles
Mythology books
Emil Anneke (Emil Carl Friedrich Wilhelm Annecke; December 13, 1823 in Dortmund – October 27, 1888 in Bay City, Michigan, United States) was a German revolutionary and Forty-Eighter and American journalist, lawyer and politician (Republican Party). From 1863 until 1866 he served as Michigan Auditor General, the first Republican serving in that position. Emil was the younger brother of U.S. colonel and former German revolutionary commander Fritz Anneke, his sister-in-law was the famous German-American writer, college founder, abolitionist and suffragette Mathilde Anneke.
Literature
Michigan Historical Commission: Michigan biographies, including members of Congress [...]. Band I, Michigan Historical Commission, Lansing 1924
John Andrew Russell: The Germanic Influence in the Making of Michigan. University, Detroit 1927
Heinrich Annecke: "Die Bauernfamilie Annecke in Schadeleben und ihre Stammfolge." In: Deutsches Familienarchiv. Band 13, 1960, p. 116–140 (p. 129 briefly about Emil Carl Friedrich Wilhelm Annecke)
External links
Office of the Auditor General, State of Michigan
Detailed Biography of Emil Anneke
Michigan State Archives: Documents about a vendetta against Anneke in 1864
Politicians from Dortmund
German-American Forty-Eighters
German revolutionaries
1823 births
1888 deaths
19th-century American newspaper editors
German emigrants to the United States
Michigan Republicans
Michigan Auditors General
People from the Province of Westphalia
American male journalists
19th-century American male writers
Milan Smiljanic (born in Ravni, near Užice c. 1891, died in Sirogojno, in August 1979) was an archpriest of the Serbian Orthodox Church, a participant in the Balkan Wars and the People's Liberation Struggle, and a socio-political worker of the People's Republic of Serbia. His voice was on the Voyager 1 record saying: "Желимо вам све најлепше са наше планете (Želimo vam sve najlepše sa naše planete)" on English We wish you all the best, from our planet.
Biography
Milan was born in 1891 in the village of Ravni in Zlatibor. He was the second child of father Dragomir the priest and mother Katye. He grew up in the house of his grandfather Mihajlo, also an Orthodox priest (proto), who was elected MP. He attended primary school in his hometown and continued the family tradition of joining the priesthood, finishing at seminary in Belgrade. Before he was able to go to Russia for priest training, but the First Balkan War broke out. In 1912, the theologian Milan joined the Fourth Infantry Regiment "Stefan Nemanja", and went with it as a soldier to the war, in the fight for Kumanovo.
He was the first Minister of Agriculture in the Socialist Republic of Serbia (1944-1946). Until he was replaced in December 1946, he carried out agrarian reform in Serbia. Smiljanic was also elected vice president of the Presidium of the National Assembly of the People's Republic of Serbia.
As a priest, he was elected president of the Main Board, the Association of Orthodox Priests of Yugoslavia from the end of 1947.
He died in August 1979 in Sirogojno, where he was buried on August 27 in the family tomb in the gate of the Church of the Holy Apostles Peter and Paul. At his funeral, the funeral speech was given by Ivan Stambolic, Prime Minister of Serbia, while the funeral service was given by the Bishop of Žiča, Stefan Boca.
References
Citations
Archives
Audio and Photo Archive
1891 births
1979 deaths
People from Užice
Serbian Orthodox clergy
Serbian politicians
Yugoslav Partisans members
Burials at Serbian Orthodox monasteries and churches
Stanley Roberts (1916–1982) was an American screenwriter.
He was nominated for an Academy Award for the film The Caine Mutiny in the category of Best Adapted Screenplay.
Partial filmography
Young Dynamite (1937)
References
External links
1916 births
1982 deaths
American male screenwriters
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American screenwriters
Émile Edouard Charles Louis Digneffe (; 20 December 1858 – 16 June 1937) was a Belgian lawyer, banker, businessman, a Walloon activist and liberal politician.
He was alderman and burgomaster of Liège, a member of the Belgian parliament and President of the Belgian Senate from 27 December 1932 until 11 August 1934.
honours
1932: Knight Grand Cross in the Order of the Crown.
See also
Liberal Party
Liberalism in Belgium
References
Sources
Emile Digneffe
Van Molle, P., Het Belgisch parlement 1894–1969, Gent, Erasmus, 1969, p. 129.
Caulier-Mathy, Nicole, in : Kurgan-van Hentenrijk, Ginette, Jaumain, Serge, Montens, Valérie, a.o., Dictionnaire des patrons en Belgique. Les hommes, les entreprises, les reseaux, Brussel, De Boeck Université, 1996, p. 242–243.
D'Hoore, Marc, in : Delforge, Paul, Destatte Philippe, Libon, Micheline (ed.), Encyclopédie du Mouvement wallon, Charleroi, Institut Jules Destrée, 2001, 3 dl., p. 502–503.
1858 births
1937 deaths
Grand Crosses of the Order of the Crown (Belgium)
Presidents of the Senate (Belgium)
Walloon movement activists
Politicians from Liège
Lawyers from Liège
The River Ecclesbourne is a small river in Derbyshire, England, which starts in the upper part of the town of Wirksworth, flows for 9 miles to Duffield, and then enters the River Derwent just outside the town.
Course
The River Ecclesbourne's source is in the town of Wirksworth. This is also where the Ecclesbourne Valley Railway, which is named after the river and follows it for its entire length, begins. The start of the river is located between Steeple Grange and Sough Lane. The river's two main headwaters come from Steeple Grange, below Bolehill, and the fields below the National Stone Centre, Ravenstor. The main source is about 100 metres down the railway tracks from Ravenstor railway station, where the Meerbrook Sough Mine area lies. The Meerbrook Sough drained water from the nearby quarries and led them in a tunnel to Whatstandwell where the excess water from the Sough joined the River Derwent towards Ambergate. The source of the Ecclesbourne contributed to the water powering the Meerbrook Sough. The Ecclesbourne flows mostly underground through the area of the Sough, but momentarily appears above ground in several places, near Ecclesbourne Cottages at the bottom of Sough Lane, in a shallow ditch next to the railway (now piped) and also near the bottom of Fanny Shaws Park, again near the main railway track. Part of the main headwaters of the Ecclesbourne flowed past the rectangular Sough Reservoir, which transported water up to the quarries around Wirksworth. This reservoir was located at the bottom left area of Fanny Shaws Park. The Meerbrook Sough Engine House was built in the middle of the Sough area and powered the waterworks of the Sough and made materials for the quarries. Below Fanny Shaws Park and skatepark the Ecclesbourne leaves the Sough area and goes underground and reappears in the Hannages further down the railway tracks, where it powered the mills at the bottom of Wirksworth. The housing estate of Spring Close has recently been built over the area of the Meerbrook Sough; the Engine House still remains in its original place, but has recently been renovated into a house.
After leaving Wirksworth the River Ecclesbourne is now a fairly large river. It flows slowly through the fields, collecting smaller streams as it goes (among them the Alton Brook and Holm Brook), to its next port of call, the village of Idridgehay. Further down, the Ecclesbourne flows through Turnditch. After leaving Turnditch the Ecclesbourne increases in volume and speed. In some areas the river is piped underground to reduce the risk of flooding, but this rarely happens any more.
A few miles beyond Turnditch the river enters the town of Duffield. The Ecclesbourne School, the town's secondary school, is built on its banks in the town centre. The Ecclesbourne then flows out of Duffield and leaves the railway after flowing underneath its tracks. It reappears and flows through a few more fields before joining the River Derwent, which has just come down from Milford and Belper. At the confluence where the Ecclesbourne ends it is about 10 metres wide. The area around the confluence is popular with visitors and a good area for angling. After the river has met the Derwent, the railway line joins the main line to Derby.
Wildlife and conservation
The River Ecclesbourne is a popular fishing river, known for producing good-quality fish, especially in its lower reaches. It supports a population of brown trout.
Species of conservation interest found along the Ecclesbourne include white-clawed crayfish, kingfisher, otter and water vole. Threats include pollution, weirs that restrict fish migration, and invasive Himalayan balsam. The river is one of 25 river catchments chosen by Defra for a Pilot Catchment Project, with the aim of encouraging co-operation between various agencies and interested parties to improve water quality, as part of the UK's commitment to the EU Water Framework Directive.
References
Rivers of Derbyshire
1Eccles
Blue Planet Eyes is the debut studio album by Australian rock band the Preatures, released on 30 September 2014 through Mosy Recordings and Universal Music Australia.
Blue Planet Eyes debuted and peaked at number 4 on the ARIA Albums Chart and was certified gold in 2018. The single version of the song "It Gets Better", retitled as "Better Than It Ever Could Be", was featured in the online setlist for Guitar Hero Live in 2015.
The album includes their 2013 breakthrough single, "Is This How You Feel?".
Track listing
Charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2014 debut albums
The Preatures albums
Albums produced by Jack Moffitt (musician)
Albums produced by Jim Eno
Mercury Records albums
Nivaldo Batista Lima (born September 3, 1989), known by his stage name Gusttavo Lima, is a Brazilian singer, songwriter and record producer,one of the most influential names in Brazilian music.
He is known in Brazil for his many hit songs, and gained international prominence through the song "Balada".
Lima started his career at the age of 7, with his elder brothers Willian and Marcelo, as a member of the Trio Remelexo. After leaving the trio, he went to the sertanejo duo Gustavo & Alessandro. In 2009, Lima released his debut solo studio album, which produced the successful song "Rosas, Versos e Vinhos", that topped regional radio charts and later entered in the Brasil Hot 100 Airplay. In 2010, the singer released his first live album, Inventor dos Amores, which produced three successful singles, "Inventor dos Amores", "Cor de Ouro" and "Refém". In 2011, the single "Balada", propelled Lima to national stardom. The song peaked at number 3 on Billboard Brazil Hot 100 Airplay, and also reached success in several countries such as Holland, Belgium, Spain, United States, France, Sweden, among others. "Balada" was included in his second live album Gusttavo Lima e Você (2011), which was certified platinum in Brazil. In 2012, the singer made his first international tour in the United States and in Europe. His third live album Ao Vivo in São Paulo (2012), which produced the single hit "Gatinha Assanhada", sold more than 200,000 copies and was certified double platinum.
In 2014, his second studio album Do Outro Lado da Moeda, had moderate commercial performance being certified gold in Brazil, however, the album produced the hit singles "Diz Pra Mim", "Fui Fiel", "Tô Solto na Night" and "10 Anos". In 2015, he released his fourth live album Buteco do Gusttavo Lima, which featured several popular Brazilian artists performing popular songs of sertanejo music, as well as some songs from his own repertoire. His fifth live album 50/50 (2016), was one of his most successful albums, spawning the hit songs "Que Pena Que Acabou", "Homem de Família" and "Abre o Portão Que Eu Cheguei", with all topping the Brazil Hot 100 Airplay. In 2017, Lima released his sixth live album Buteco do Gusttavo Lima Vol. 2, featuring re-recordings and unpublished songs. Its lead single "Apelido Carinhoso" was a smash hit, topping the Brasil Hot 100 Airplay. In 2018, he released his seventh live album O Embaixador recorded at the Festa do Peão de Barretos, which alike his previous album featured unpublished songs and re-recordings, and its lead single "Zé da Recaída" was a smash hit, also topping the Brasil Hot 100 Airplay, his sixth song to top the chart.
Early life
Lima was born in Presidente Olegário, Minas Gerais state, the son of Sebastiana and Alcino Lima. In 1999, when he was just 9 years old, he went to Patos de Minas to sing with his brothers, who had a band called 'Trio Remelexo'. When he was 13 years old, he left the band and went to Brasília, where he changed his stage name to "Gusttavo" and assembled a duo called Gustavo & Alessandro.
Career
Musical career
In 2009, he released his first album Gusttavo Lima, containing 24 tracks. The song that most stood out was "Rosas, Versos e Vinhos", which reached the first position in a local radio, and it also reached #57 in Billboard Brasil charts. In 2010, he signed with Som Livre label and released Inventor dos Amores, as a CD and DVD, with sales of 15,000 copies. The title track was a collaboration with Jorge & Mateus, reaching #17 in the Brazilian Billboard Brasil charts. Based on this initial success, he released the single "Cor de Ouro" that reached #18 in Brazil. He also released "Refém", which reached #22 in charts.
In 2011, Gusttavo released CD and DVD titled Gusttavo Lima e Você which was recorded live in Patos de Minas, on June 3, 2011, during Fenamilho musical event with estimated audience of 6,000,000 people. The highly popular album reached #7 and was certified platinum. The album produced his definitive hit "Balada" (full title "Balada Boa (Tchê Tcherere Tchê Tchê) based on the famous refrain), which reached #3 in Brazil. The Brazilian football player Neymar played a similar role to that he played in Michel Teló's smash success "Ai se eu te pego!" and appeared in many shows with Gusttavo Lima.
In January 2012, he embarked on a first international tour with shows in US Latin markets in Florida, and later on in Atlanta (Georgia), Newark (New Jersey) and Revere (Massachusetts). Gusttavo released his hit single "Balada" in European markets following the steps of fellow Brazilian singer Michel Teló. He also released another live album in 2012 titled Ao vivo em São Paulo, on October 6, 2012 in Brazil
Discography
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
EPs
Singles
Songs featured in
Other appearances
Other charting songs
Promotional songs
Discography: International charts
Albums
Singles
Filmography
2013: Amor à Vida (aka Rastros de Mentiras) as Gusttavo Lima (himself)
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Musicians from Minas Gerais
21st-century Brazilian male singers
Sertanejo musicians
Sony Music Latin artists
Plocama puberula is a species of flowering plant in the family Rubiaceae. It is endemic to the Socotra archipelago of Yemen. Its natural habitat is rocky areas.
References
External links
World Checklist of Rubiaceae
Endemic flora of Socotra
puberula
Least concern plants
Taxa named by Isaac Bayley Balfour
Kattukurangu is a 1969 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. Bhaskaran and produced by Raveendranathan Nair. The film stars Sathyan, Sharada, Jayabharathi and Kaviyoor Ponnamma in the lead roles. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Sathyan as Prabhakaran
Sharada as Minikutty
Jayabharathi as Ambili
Kaviyoor Ponnamma as Thulasi
Adoor Bhasi
Jose Prakash as Das
Kottayam Santha
Pappukutty Bhagavathar
Pattom Sadan
P. J. Antony as Vasavan
Baby Rajani
Baby Rani
K. P. Ummer as Chakrapani
Khadeeja
Meena as Kamalam
N. Govindankutty
Vanchiyoor Radha
Soundtrack
References
External links
1969 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by P. Bhaskaran
The New Kids is the first compilation album by South Korean boy band iKON, released through YG Entertainment on January 7, 2019. It is a compilation of the 2017 single album New Kids: Begin, the 2018 album Return, the digital single "Rubber Band", and the EPs New Kids: Continue and New Kids: The Final. It features the lead single and only new track, "I'm OK".
This is the last iKON album to feature the appearance of member B.I before his departure in June 2019.
Background
YG Entertainment announced the album on Twitter on December 27, 2018, posting that the album would be available online from January 7, 2019, and as a physical version from January 8. It serves as a repackaged and compilation of the other entries in the New Kids series, from 2017 to 2018.
Promotion
iKON played an encore concert in Seoul, where they debuted the single "I'm OK". Along with concerts in Japan, Australia, and other Asian countries, they also performed on the 2018 year-end music show MBC Gayo Daejejeon.
Track listing
Charts
References
2019 compilation albums
Korean-language albums
YG Entertainment albums
IKon albums
Hellhole Branch is a stream in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is a tributary to Wildcat
Creek.
Hellhole Branch was so named on account of rugged terrain along its course. A variant name is "Hellhole Branch".
References
Rivers of Georgia (U.S. state)
Rivers of Rabun County, Georgia
The Asian Football Confederation's 1986 AFC Women's Championship was held in December 1986 in Hong Kong. The tournament was won for the first time by China in the final against Japan.
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Knock-out stage
Semi-final
Third place match
Final
Winner
External links
RSSSF.com
Women's Championship
AFC Women's Asian Cup tournaments
International association football competitions hosted by Hong Kong
Afc
AFC
AFC Women's Championship
AFC Championship
Ekaterina Alexandrovna Bobrova (, born 28 March 1990) is a Russian retired ice dancer. With partner Dmitri Soloviev, she is the 2014 Olympic champion in the team event, the 2013 World bronze medalist, the 2013 European champion, the 2007 World Junior champion, and a seven-time (2011–2014, 2016–2018) Russian national champion. They are also gold medalists at four Grand Prix events.
Personal life
Ekaterina Alexandrovna Bobrova was born 28 March 1990 in Moscow. She married her fiancé, pair skater Andrei Deputat, on 16 July 2016 in Moscow. On 13 April 2019 she gave birth to her son Alexandr.
Career
Early career
Bobrova teamed up with Soloviev in 2000. Elena Kustarova and Svetlana Alexeeva were their coaches from the beginning of their partnership. At the 2007 World Junior Championships, Bobrova/Soloviev placed first in the compulsory dance, original dance, and free dance, and won the gold medal.
2007–08 to 2011–12
Bobrova/Soloviev competed at their first senior Worlds in 2008, where they placed 13th. The following season they were not selected for the event.
During the 2009–10 season, Bobrova/Soloviev won the silver medal at 2010 Russian Nationals in December 2009, earning them their first berth to the European Championships in January 2010, where they placed 9th. They also qualified for the Olympics the following month where they finished in 15th. They also competed at their second World Championships and climbed to 8th in the rankings.
During the 2010–11 season, Bobrova/Soloviev won their first medal on the senior Grand Prix series – a silver at Cup of China. At their next event, 2010 Cup of Russia, they won their first senior Grand Prix title. In doing so, they qualified for their first senior Grand Prix Final, where they finished fourth.
At the 2011 Russian Championships, Bobrova/Soloviev finished first in both the short dance and the free dance to win their first national title. Following the event, they decided to drop their Delilah short dance in favor of a new one to Where I Want to Be which they debuted at the 2011 European Championships. They won their first medal at the event, silver. At the 2011 World Championships, they came in 6th.
In 2011–12, Bobrova/Soloviev won the gold medal at their first Grand Prix event of the season, 2011 Cup of China, with a score of 163.52 after placing first in both the short dance and in the free dance. They took the bronze medal at their next event, 2011 Cup of Russia, and then finished sixth at the Grand Prix Final. They repeated as Russian national champions and European silver medalists. Bobrova/Soloviev finished 7th at the 2012 World Championships.
2012–13 season
On 25 April 2012, Bobrova/Soloviev changed coaches to Alexander Zhulin and Oleg Volkov. They said they were learning a different technique, as well as changing their style. In their 2012–13 free dance, Soloviev plays the insane lover of Bobrova who herself begins to slip into insanity as he starts to recover. On the short dance, Soloviev said: "The story is that we are at a ball. In the beginning, we meet and have a dance together. The first part, the polka, is very playful, but when the music changes into the waltz, that's when we fall in love with each other and it's getting more serious. In the end, we realize that we can't be together because I'm too old and she is a young girl."
Bobrova/Soloviev started the 2012–13 season with gold at the 2012 Finlandia Trophy. Winning silver at both of their Grand Prix assignments, the 2012 Skate America and 2012 Cup of China, they qualified for the 2012 Grand Prix Final in Sochi, Russia. After a fall from Soloviev in their free dance, they finished 5th overall behind Italian ice dancers Anna Cappellini / Luca Lanotte. At the 2013 Russian Championships, they won their third national title.
Bobrova/Soloviev won the gold medal in their fourth appearance at the European Championships, narrowly edging out their teammates Elena Ilinykh / Nikita Katsalapov. They stepped onto the World podium for the first time at the 2013 World Championships in London, Ontario where they won the bronze medal. Named in the Russian team to the 2013 World Team Trophy, they withdrew after Soloviev aggravated a groin injury on 1 April and was told to rest for at least ten days. During this time, Bobrova decided to assist Volkov in coaching young ice dancers.
2013–14 season
Competing on the 2013–14 ISU Grand Prix series, Bobrova/Soloviev won silver at the 2013 Cup of China and gold at the 2013 Rostelecom Cup before finishing fourth at the 2013 Grand Prix Final, behind Nathalie Pechalat / Fabian Bourzat. They won their fourth consecutive national title at the 2014 Russian Championships. Feeling their free dance was not working, they decided to return to the one from the previous season.
In February 2014, Bobrova/Soloviev competed at the Winter Olympics in Sochi. In the team event, they placed third in their assigned segment, the short dance, and Russia went on to win the gold medal. Bobrova decided to sell the car she was awarded and donate the money to a children's charity. Bobrova/Soloviev ranked fifth in the separate ice dancing event. A month later, they traveled to Saitama, Japan for the 2014 World Championships. On 28 March, Soloviev sustained a groin injury during the morning practice before the short dance, causing them to withdraw. He returned to the ice cautiously in the second week of April.
2014–15 season
For the 2014–15 Grand Prix season, Bobrova/Soloviev were assigned to the 2014 Skate America and 2014 Trophee Eric Bompard. As a result of Soloviev's knee surgery, they withdrew from both events and decided to sit out the remainder of the season to allow him to recover fully.
2015–16 season
During the 2015–16 Grand Prix series, Bobrova/Soloviev won the bronze medal at the 2015 Skate Canada International and then silver at the 2015 NHK Trophy. These placements gave them the last spot at the final, ahead of compatriots Victoria Sinitsina / Nikita Katsalapov. They finished 5th at the 2015–16 Grand Prix Final in Barcelona, Spain. In late December, Bobrova/Soloviev were awarded their fifth national title at the 2016 Russian Championships held in Yekaterinburg.
On 27–30 January, Bobrova/Soloviev won the bronze medal at the 2016 European Championships with a personal best overall score of 176.50 points. On 7 March 2016, Bobrova announced that she had tested positive for meldonium. Expressing "shock" about the test result, she stated that she had been aware of meldonium's addition to the banned list (on 1 January 2016) and had been careful to avoid products containing banned substances. On 13 April, the World Anti-Doping Agency gave amnesty to athletes with the presence of less than one microgram of meldonium in doping samples in tests conducted on athletes before 1 March 2016 due to uncertainties and lack of studies on how long it stays in the body. Bobrova's suspension was subsequently lifted by the ISU, which stated it had decided "to stay the results management process and consequently not to disqualify any results at the present stage."
2016–17 season
Bobrova/Soloviev started their season by winning the gold medal at the 2016 CS Ondrej Nepela Memorial. Competing on the Grand Prix series, they won two medals, first the bronze medal at the 2016 Skate America and then the gold medal at the 2017 Rostelecom Cup. These results qualified them to the 2016–17 Grand Prix Final where they placed 4th after placing 5th in the short dance and 4th in the free dance.
in December 2016 they won the gold medal at the 2017 Russian Championships.
A month later they won the bronze medal at the 2017 European Championships after winning the short dance and placing 3rd in the free dance. They later competed at the 2017 World Championships where they placed 5th and at the 2017 World Team Trophy where their team won the silver medal.
2017–18 season
Ekaterina Bobrova and Dmitri Soloviev are at a point in their career where retirement is on the horizon. An Olympic season is special for all skaters, but it is even more special if it might be the last competitive season.
Again Bobrova/Soloviev started their season by winning the gold medal at the CS Ondrej Nepela Trophy. This was their 2nd consecutive victory at the Ondrej Nepela Trophy. Competing on the Grand Prix series, they won two medals, first the silver medal at the 2017 Rostelecom Cup and then the bronze medal at the 2017 Cup of China.
In December 2017 they first won the gold medal the 2017 CS Golden Spin of Zagreb and then they won another gold medal at the 2018 Russian Championships. This was the 7th time that they had won the gold medal at the Russian Championships. A month later they won the silver medal at the 2018 European Championships after placing 4th in the short dance and 2nd in the free dance. At the 2018 Europeans they scored their personal best score of 187.13 points.
In February 2018 Bobrova/Soloviev placed 5th at the 2018 Winter Olympics after placing 6th in the short dance and 4th in the free dance. A week earlier they had won the olympic silver medal at the team event of the 2018 Winter Olympics. They later withdrew from the 2018 World Championships.
After 2018
In July 2019, Bobrava stated that she was completing her competition career in her Instagram. In an interview held on 26 December 2019, Bobrava confirmed that she had retired from competition.
Programs
(with Soloviev)
Competitive highlights
(with Soloviev)
Detailed results
Small medals for short and free programs awarded only at ISU Championships. At team events, medals awarded for team results only.
References
External links
Official website
Russian female ice dancers
Figure skaters from Moscow
Living people
1990 births
Figure skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Figure skaters at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Figure skaters at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Olympic figure skaters of Russia
Doping cases in figure skating
European Figure Skating Championships medalists
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
World Figure Skating Championships medalists
Medalists at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Olympic medalists in figure skating
Olympic gold medalists for Russia
Olympic silver medalists for Olympic Athletes from Russia
Russian sportspeople in doping cases
Competitors at the 2009 Winter Universiade
Mt. Pleasant Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church at 2382 Wright Road in Caledonia, Mississippi.
It was built in 1892 and added to the National Register in 2007.
References
Methodist churches in Mississippi
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Mississippi
Churches completed in 1892
National Register of Historic Places in Lowndes County, Mississippi
Gamm may refer to:
Gesellschaft für Angewandte Mathematik und Mechanik, producers of the ALGOL 58 report, often referred to as GaMM
Rüdiger Gamm (born 1971), German 'mental calculator'
The 2013 Memorial Cup was a four-team, round-robin format ice hockey tournament played from May 17–26, 2013. It was the 95th Memorial Cup championship and determined the champion of the Canadian Hockey League (CHL). The tournament featured the London Knights, champions of the Ontario Hockey League, the Halifax Mooseheads, champions of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League, the Portland Winterhawks, champions of the Western Hockey League, and the Saskatoon Blades, who won the right to host the tournament over bids by the Kelowna Rockets and the Red Deer Rebels. This was the first Memorial Cup to be held in Saskatoon since the Blades hosted it in 1989. The Halifax Mooseheads won the Memorial Cup for the first time in franchise history, beating the Portland Winterhawks 6–4 in the final. The Halifax Mooseheads joined the Saint John Sea Dogs in 2011, and the Shawinigan Cataractes in 2012, as the third straight team from the QMJHL to capture the trophy.
Round-robin standings
For the second time since the current tournament format was established in 1983, the teams each split their first two games. At the conclusion of the round-robin, the tiebreaker between the first and second team as well as between the third and fourth placed team were decided by head-to-head records.
Schedule
All times local (UTC −6)
Round robin
Playoff Round
Tie-Breaker
Semi-Final
Final
Statistical leaders
Skaters
GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Goaltending
This is a combined table of the top goaltenders based on goals against average and save percentage with at least sixty minutes played. The table is sorted by GAA.
GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; SA = Shots against; GA = Goals against; GAA = Goals against average; SV% = Save percentage; SO = Shutouts; TOI = Time on ice (minutes:seconds)
Awards
Stafford Smythe Memorial Trophy (MVP): Nathan MacKinnon (Halifax Mooseheads)
Ed Chynoweth Trophy (Leading Scorer): Nathan MacKinnon (Halifax Mooseheads)
George Parsons Trophy (Sportmanlike): Bo Horvat (London Knights)
Hap Emms Memorial Trophy (Top Goalie): Andrey Makarov (Saskatoon Blades)
All-Star Team:
Goaltender: Zach Fucale (Halifax Mooseheads)
Defence: Konrad Abeltshauser (Halifax Mooseheads), Derrick Pouliot (Portland Winterhawks)
Forwards: Martin Frk (Halifax Mooseheads), Nathan MacKinnon (Halifax Mooseheads), Ty Rattie (Portland Winterhawks)
Team rosters
Saskatoon Blades (Host)
Head coach: Lorne Molleken
Portland Winterhawks (WHL)
Head coach: Travis Green
London Knights (OHL)
Head coach: Dale Hunter
Halifax Mooseheads (QMJHL)
Head coach: Dominique Ducharme
Road to the Cup
WHL Playoffs
OHL Playoffs
QMJHL Playoffs
References
External links
Memorial Cup
Canadian Hockey League
Memorial Cup tournaments
Memorial Cup
Memorial Cup
Ice hockey in Saskatchewan
Memorial Cup
Richard Chirgwin (26 June 1914 – 6 October 2000) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond, South Melbourne, Footscray and North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Recruited out of the Federal Football Association, Chirgwin was a half forward who joined a Richmond team which had competed in three successive grand finals. They made it four in a row in 1934, but Chirgwin, having made only one appearance that year, took no part in the finals series. Chirgwin did however play a semi final and preliminary final in 1935. He played 14 games in 1936 and would miss just two games over the next two seasons.
Chirgwin then had the unusual feat of playing with four VFL clubs in the space of two years. He played at Richmond in 1939, was with both South Melbourne and Footscray in 1940, before appearing for North Melbourne in 1941
References
1914 births
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Richmond Football Club players
Sydney Swans players
Western Bulldogs players
North Melbourne Football Club players
2000 deaths
Jack the Ripper was a French alternative rock band active between 1995 and 2008. The name is inspired by the song of the same name of Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds.
Band members
Arnaud Mazurel: lead vocals.
Alexandre Irissou: Piano, keyboards and Melodica.
Hervé Mazurel: guitars.
Dominique Martin: electric guitar and piano.
Thierry Mazurel: bass.
Fabrice Fenaux: drums
Adrien Rodrigue: violin.
Aka de Kebnekaize: trumpet.
Discography
The Book of Lies (2000, self-released)
I'm Coming (2003, Le Village Vert)
Ladies First (2005, Le Village Vert and Wagram Music)
References
External links
Official website (French)
Myspace page
French alternative rock groups
Musical groups from Paris
Trevenson () is in the parish of Carn Brea, between the towns of Camborne and Redruth in Cornwall, United Kingdom.
Trevenson House
Trevenson House was built in 1797 for Thomas Kevill, a steward of the Tehidy estate and replaced an earlier house on the site. Trevenson House is a Grade II listed building. Further information regarding the history can be found here. It is now part of iCT4 Limited being run as serviced offices and conferencing facilities for the community.
Trevenson Chapel
Tevenson Chapel was built in 1806–09 as a Church of England chapel-of-ease in the parish of Illogan. The chapel has a thin castellated west tower; the pointed windows are of granite with cast iron tracery. This tracery has been replaced with modern replicas.
Education
The area is home to Cornwall College, an A level centre and Pool School. Trevenson used to be home to the Camborne School of Mines between 1970 and 2004. It has since moved to a new campus in Penryn called Tremough.
References
Geography of Cornwall
Camborne School of Mines
"The Ballad of the Lonesome Cowboy" is song written and composed by Randy Newman, and performed by Chris Stapleton, for the soundtrack of the Disney/Pixar feature film Toy Story 4. The song was released as a single on June 5, 2019, and was met with a positive reception from critics.
The tune they used in this song is also the same one from the song "Ang Kawawang Cowboy" ("The Pitiful Cowboy" in English) sung by a Filipino singer Fred Panopio. "Ang Kawawang Cowboy" was released in the Philippines in 1976. This was considered a parody of the song "Rhinestone Cowboy" by American singer Glen Campbell, which was released in 1975.
Background and composition
Randy Newman, known for his work as composer and songwriter on the Toy Story films, was confirmed to be returning for Toy Story 4. "The Ballad of the Lonesome Cowboy", the film's main single, written by Newman and performed by Chris Stapleton, was revealed and released on June 5, 2019. The song is performed through the perspective of Sheriff Woody, the film's main character, because, according to Newman, "[Woody] feels like he was a lonesome cowboy until someone comes along and changes his world." Newman was particularly pleased by the fact that Stapleton performs the song, while Stapleton felt that "[i]t's a tremendous honor to get to sing a Randy Newman song in what is without question one of the most iconic animated franchises in history.
Music video
On June 5, 2019, a lyric video of the song was released. On June 26, 2019, a YouTube channel called FANIMATOR released another music video of the song. In this version, FANIMATOR played scenes from the first three Toy Story films and arranged them to fit the song. The scenes were picked to represent the themes of loneliness and friendship.
Other versions
Randy Newman performed a version for the soundtrack of Toy Story 4.
Reception
Rania Aniftos of Billboard praised the song's melody as "catchy". Nick Evans of CinemaBlend positively compared the song to Newman's previous songs from the Toy Story films, writing: "In keeping with the tradition of Toy Story songs, Randy Newman's “The Ballad of the Lonesome Cowboy” is equal parts tear-jerking and heartwarming". Similarly, Ming Lee Newcomb of Consequences of Music compared the song to Newman's "You've Got a Friend in Me" from the original film, writing that "the charming Western ballad is similarly feel-good and kid-friendly". Angela Stefano of The Boot wrote that "[n]ot only is Pixar making childhood dreams come true with the release of a new Toy Story movie, they're making country music dreams come true, too" praising Newman's lyrics as "heartfelt yet childlike" and Stapleton's singing as "instantly recognizable".
References
Songs from Toy Story
Chris Stapleton songs
2010s ballads
2019 singles
2019 songs
American songs
Walt Disney Records singles
Songs written by Randy Newman
Songs about cowboys and cowgirls
Songs about loneliness
Laosepilysta flavolineata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Laosepilysta. It was described by Breuning in 1964.
References
Apomecynini
Beetles described in 1964
Monotypic beetle genera
Desisa chinensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938.
References
Desisa
Beetles described in 1938
Dane William DeHaan ( ; born February 6, 1986) is an American actor known for his roles as Andrew Detmer in Chronicle (2012), Harry Osborn / Green Goblin in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 (2014), Lockhart in A Cure for Wellness (2016), Valerian in Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets (2017), and Chris Lynwood in ZeroZeroZero. In 2021, he starred in psychological romance horror miniseries Lisey's Story. He also had a role in the true crime limited series adaptation of The Staircase in 2022.
Early life
DeHaan was born in Allentown, Pennsylvania. His father is a computer programmer and his mother is an executive at MetLife. He has an older sister, and had what The Independent described in 2017 as a "very normal, super-supportive childhood".
DeHaan attended Emmaus High School in Emmaus, Pennsylvania for three years and appeared in community theater. He switched to the University of North Carolina School of the Arts for his senior year of high school, where he was "around artists for the first time". He continued at UNCSA for undergraduate studies, graduating in 2008.
Career
DeHaan began his professional acting career as an understudy for Haley Joel Osment in the short-lived 2008 Broadway revival of American Buffalo. Also in 2008, he made his television debut, guest-appearing on an episode of Law & Order: Special Victims Unit.
In 2010, DeHaan made his feature film debut in John Sayles' Amigo. Also in 2010, he played Jesse in the third season of HBO's In Treatment. In 2011, he played Timbo in the fourth season of True Blood. In 2012, DeHaan starred in the sci-fi found footage film Chronicle and as Cricket in Lawless.
In 2013, he played Lucien Carr (a contemporary of Allen Ginsberg and Jack Kerouac) in Kill Your Darlings. It was a role for which he has received critical acclaim. In 2013, he starred as the main character "Trip" in Metallica's surrealist concert film Metallica: Through the Never. He was the cover star of Hero magazine issue 10 in October 2013, shot by Hedi Slimane.
In 2014, Annie Leibovitz photographed DeHaan for Prada's men's clothing spring advertising campaign. That same year, he played Harry Osborn / Green Goblin in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and Zach Orfman in Life After Beth. DeHaan played a fictional version of himself in the music video for Imagine Dragons' song "I Bet My Life".
In 2015, DeHaan starred as James Dean in the drama Life, based on Dean's friendship with photographer Dennis Stock. In September 2015, DeHaan was the cover star of Another Man issue 20. In 2016, DeHaan played Roman in the independent drama film Two Lovers and a Bear and Lockhart in the 2016 horror film A Cure for Wellness.
In 2017, DeHaan starred in Luc Besson's science fiction film Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets based on the French comics series Valérian and Laureline. He also starred in the 17th-century romance Tulip Fever.
In 2019, DeHaan starred as Billy the Kid in Vincent D'Onofrio's The Kid.
From 2019 to 2020, DeHaan starred as Chris Lynwood in the Amazon Prime series ZeroZeroZero. He starred in the Quibi mini-series The Stranger in 2020.
In February 2022, DeHaan was cast in an undisclosed role in Christopher Nolan's upcoming biographical film Oppenheimer.
Personal life
DeHaan married American actress Anna Wood in a private ceremony on June 30, 2012. The two met in high school in North Carolina and have been together since 2006. They both appeared in Chronicle (2012). They live in the Williamsburg neighborhood of Brooklyn in New York City and have a daughter, born in 2017, and a son, born in 2020.
Filmography
Film
Television
Music videos
Awards and nominations
Film
Theater
References
Sources
External links
1986 births
American male film actors
American male stage actors
American male television actors
Emmaus High School alumni
University of North Carolina School of the Arts alumni
Living people
Male actors from Allentown, Pennsylvania
21st-century American male actors
Male actors from Pennsylvania
People from Williamsburg, Brooklyn
Anomatic Corporation manufactures aluminum products, and is a manufacturer of large-quantity aluminum parts for cosmetic companies' packaging including Revlon, Maybelline, Estee Lauder and Mary Kay.
History
Since 1965, Anomatic has been manufacturing items ranging from consumer products such as MP3 players, cookware, and baseball bats to industrial applications such as heat sinks and aerospace/aviation components.
Product lines
The company produces anodized aluminum packaging for the personal care, makeup, fragrance, automotive, pharmaceutical, health and beauty industries for clients as well as industrial applications. It is headquartered in New Albany, Ohio with additional US manufacturing locations in Newark, Ohio, Connecticut, and an international facility in Suzhou, China. Anomatic's services include package design, rapid 3D prototyping, metal forming, anodizing, decorating, assembly, and metallization.
Specializing in high-volume runs, Anomatic is known as the "color experts" for its highly-consistent anodizing process and color matching capabilities. Now vertically-integrated, Anomatic has reinvested to add multiple additional decorative technologies as well as metallization in-house, making the company one of the only metallizing manufacturers in the US to supply the cosmetics industry.
Environmental policies
Anomatic is committed to being environmentally responsible. The company has implemented a sustainability plan to reduce energy, waste, water and air pollution as well as recycle and reuse materials. In 2010, Anomatic announced the formation of the Sustainability and Environmental Operations Group which works to expand the company's sustainable and green operations through Lean, Six Sigma and GMP. The company opened its LEED-certified facility in New Albany, Ohio within the International Personal Care and Beauty Campus and moved its headquarters there.
References
External links
Official website
Manufacturing companies based in Ohio
Manufacturing companies established in 1966
1966 establishments in Ohio
Powys is the largest administrative county in Wales. With over a quarter of Wales's land area, covering much of the eastern half of the country, it is a county of remote uplands, low population and no coastline. It was created in more or less its current form in 1974, and is the only one of the large county units created at that time to have been carried forward intact at the 1996 local government re-organisation. It comprises three historic counties, namely Montgomeryshire, Radnorshire, and most of Brecknockshire. There are 950 scheduled monuments within the county. This is far more than can be sensibly covered in one list, so each of the 3 historic counties is therefore listed separately, and each of these has two lists - one for the prehistoric sites and one for the Roman, medieval and post-medieval sites.
Statistics
The statistics below show the total number of sites ascribed to each period, and the breakdown for the six lists of scheduled monuments in Powys. The allocation to one or another period is not always certain, particularly between the prehistoric periods, and many sites will have remains from more than one period, so the statistics below give a general guide only.
Statutory protection
Scheduled monuments have statutory protection. It is illegal to disturb the ground surface or any standing remains. The compilation of the list is undertaken by Cadw Welsh Historic Monuments, which is an executive agency of the National Assembly of Wales. The lists above derive from the schedules supplied by Cadw and include additional material from RCAHMW and Clwyd-Powys Archaeological Trust.
The sites that are scheduled represent the most important or interesting examples of the various classes of archaeological sites. For example, a 2012 study identified 1,130 prehistoric burial mounds within Powys, of varying styles and ages, dating from 4000BC to 1000BC, most of them belonging to the Bronze Age. Of these, 339 are scheduled monuments, included on the lists above. Standing stones and other ritual stones, most again dating to the Bronze Age, also occur in large numbers, 276 being found across the county, of which 92 are scheduled.
References
Powys
Scheduled monuments in Powys
Mediavia is a genus of snout moths erected by Maria Alma Solis in 1993.
Species
Original genus follows the author citation:
Mediavia aciusa (Macalla)
Mediavia agnesa (Tetralopha)
Mediavia bevnoa (Stericta)
Mediavia discalis (Jocara)
Mediavia dissimilis (Roeseliodes)
Mediavia eadberti (Stericta)
Mediavia emerantia (Stericta)
Mediavia glaucinalis (Stericta)
Synonym: M. paschasia (Stericta)
Mediavia grenvilalis (Jocara)
Mediavia hermengilda (Stericta)
Mediavia ildefonsa (Stericta)
Mediavia internigralis (Pococera)
Mediavia longistriga (Jocara)
Synonym: M. comgalla (Stericta)
Mediavia phaebadia (Stericta)
Mediavia vimina (Jocara)
References
Epipaschiinae
Pyralidae genera
Nance Dicciani (born 1947) is an American chemical engineer. She contributed significantly to the development of ultrasonic scanners for examining pregnant women with her doctoral dissertation, "Ultrasonically-Enhanced Diffusion of Macro Molecules in Gels." Her experience in chemistry and business have resulted in her achieving top positions in several companies, most recently Specialty Materials, a strategic business group of Honeywell. Forbes magazine has ranked her as one of The World's 100 Most Powerful Women.
Background and education
Nance Dicciani was born in 1947 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Her father was an industrial engineer, who supported her interest in the sciences. She studied chemical engineering, obtaining a bachelor's degree at Villanova University in 1969, a masters at the University of Virginia in 1970, and her doctoral degree from the University of Pennsylvania in 1977. In her doctoral dissertation, "Ultrasonically-Enhanced Diffusion of Macro Molecules in Gels," she applied chemical engineering to medical imaging, work that significantly contributed to the development of ultrasonic scanners for examining pregnant women. In 1987, she earned an M.B.A. from the Wharton Business School.
Career
In 1977, Dicciani became an engineer with Air Products and Chemicals. She was promoted to various positions in research and development, achieving the position of director of commercial development in 1988. She was involved in developing the company's first non-cryogenic process for the separation of nitrogen and oxygen from air, and in identifying a new catalyst for producing benzene from coke.
In 1991, Dicciani was hired by Rohm and Haas as business director for its Petroleum Chemicals Division. By 1999, she had become senior vice president.
In November 2001, Dicciani became president and chief executive officer of Specialty Materials, a strategic business group of Honeywell. Specialty Materials, based in Morristown, New Jersey, provides specialty materials, including fluorine products; specialty films and additives; advanced fibers and composites; intermediates; specialty chemicals; electronic materials and chemicals; and technologies and materials for petroleum refining. Dicciani is credited with having cut costs, boosted sales and emphasized innovation at Specialty Materials. Nance Dicciani retired from Honeywell as of April 14, 2008.
Honors and awards
In 2006, Dicciani was appointed by President George W. Bush to the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology (PCAST). She also currently serves on the executive committee of the American Chemistry Council and chairs the Board Research Committee. Dicciani is also a vice president of SCI, the Society of Chemical Industry and serves on their executive committee.
Dicciani serves on the boards of directors for Halliburton, Praxair, and Rockwood Holdings, Inc. She also serves on the board of trustees of Villanova University.
She has received a number of awards, including a 1987 Achievement Award from the Society of Women Engineers. She was the 2003 Warren K. Lewis Lecturer in Chemical Engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and has been ranked one of “The World's 100 Most Powerful Women” by Forbes magazine.
References
1947 births
Living people
American chemical engineers
Scientists from Philadelphia
American women scientists
Women chemical engineers
University of Virginia School of Engineering and Applied Science alumni
University of Pennsylvania School of Engineering and Applied Science alumni
People in the chemical industry
21st-century American engineers
20th-century American engineers
21st-century women engineers
20th-century women engineers
American women engineers
Villanova University alumni
Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania alumni
Engineers from Pennsylvania
20th-century American women
21st-century American women
Carlos Villa (December 11, 1936 – March 23, 2013) was a Filipino-American visual artist, curator and faculty member in the Painting Department at the San Francisco Art Institute. His work often explored the meaning of cultural diversity and sought to expand awareness of multicultural issues in the arts.
Early life and education
Carlos Villa was born on December 11, 1936 in San Francisco, California, to immigrant parents in the Tenderloin District. He was introduced to art when taking lessons with his cousin, Leo Valledor, who taught him to study etchings by Matisse.
Villa started to display his work in 1958 and went on to receive a B.F.A. in Education in 1961 from the California School of Fine Arts (now known as San Francisco Art Institute), and a subsequent M.F.A. degree in Painting in 1963 from Mills College. He studied under Richard Diebenkorn, Elmer Bischoff, Frank Lobdell, and Ralph DuCasse.
Art career
In the early 1960s, Villa was associated with the Park Place Gallery Group in New York City and he was working as a minimalist, with a focus on textures. He moved back to San Francisco in 1969, ready to approach his work in a new manner.
Villa created multimedia projects and performances that he called "Actions"; these were often group collaborations which dealt with multicultural topics. In 1976, Villa curated a multidisciplinary, multiethnic exhibition entitled Other Sources: An American Essay, that showcased work by Bay Area artists of color. This exhibition was an alternative celebration of the United States Bicentennial, and focused on people of color and women. It showcased artists including Ruth Asawa, Bernice Bing, Rolando Castellón, Claude Clark, Robert Colescott, Frank Day, Rupert García, Mike Henderson, Oliver Lee Jackson, Frank LaPena, Linda Lomahaftewa, George Longfish, Ralph Maradiaga, José Montoya, Manuel Neri, Mary Lovelace O'Neal, Darryl Sapien, Raymond Saunders, James Hiroshi Suzuki, Horace Washington, Al Wong, René Yañez, Leo Valledor. Live performances by Winston and Mary Tong, Mark Izu and Ray Robles, poetry readings by Janice Mirikitani, Jessica Hagedorn, and Al Robles, and numerous others.
In 1985, he had a retrospective exhibition, Carlos Villa:1961–1984, held at the C.N. Gorman Museum and at the Memorial Union Art Gallery at the University of California, Davis.
In 1995, Villa published Worlds in Collision, a book on multiculturalism in the arts. The contents were transcriptions of presentations and discussions held during the San Francisco Art Institute's symposia series entitled Sources of a Distinct Majority (1989-1991). The Worlds In Collision project continued in subsequent symposia, web projects and courses until 2013.
In 2010, Villa organized Rehistoricizing Abstract Expressionism in the San Francisco Bay Area, 1950s-1960s, a web project, symposium and exhibition at The Luggage Store Gallery that focused attention on contributions by women and artists of color (primarily abstract expressionist painters) that were overlooked by art history.
In 2011, Villa had a solo retrospective of his work entitled Manongs, Some Doors and a Bouquet of Crates at the Mission Cultural Center for Latino Arts in San Francisco. In 2020, Villa was part of the group exhibition Prospect.5: Yesterday We Said Tomorrow at Prospect New Orleans.
He was also the subject of the book Carlos Villa and the Integrity of Spaces (Meritage Press, 2011) an anthology of essays about his work and influence edited by Theodore S. Gonzalves, featuring essays and poetry by Bill Berkson, David A.M. Goldberg, Theodore S. Gonzalves, Mark Dean Johnson, Margo Machida, and Moira Roth.
Teaching
Villa was a faculty member in the Painting Department at the San Francisco Art Institute where he started teaching in 1969. In the 1970s, Villa taught at California State University, Sacramento.
Death
Villa died March 23, 2013 in San Francisco from cancer and is survived by his wife, Mary Valledor, daughter Sydney and stepson Rio Valledor. Mary's first husband and the father of Rio was Leo Valledor, Carlos' cousin.
Exhibitions
1977 – Look, Touch, Rub, Pull, Smell, and Hear, included Carlos Villa, Chisato Nishioka Watanabe, Phil Weidman, , Phil Hitchcock, Jock Reynold, Laureen Landau, Sylvia Lark, William Maxwell, Bruce Guttin, Paul DeMarinis, and Jim Pomeroy, Artspace, Sacramento, California
1985 – Carlos Villa: 1961–1984, solo retrospective, C.N. Gorman Museum and at the Memorial Union Art Gallery, University of California, Davis
1987 – The Ethnic Idea, curated by Andrée Maréchal-Workman, including Lauren Adams, Robert Colescott, Dewey Crumpler, Mildred Howard, Oliver Lee Jackson, Mary Lovelace O'Neal, Joe Sam, Elisabeth Zeilon, Tom Holland, Celeste Conner, Jean LaMarr, Sylvia Lark, Leta Ramos, Judy Foosaner, Joseph Goldyne, Belinda Chlouber, Carlos Villa, Berkeley Art Center, Berkeley, California
2022 – Carlos Villa: Worlds in Collision (solo exhibition), San Francisco Arts Commission Main Gallery, War Memorial Veterans Building, San Francisco, California
2022 – Carlos Villa: Roots and Reinvention (solo exhibition), Asian Art Museum, San Francisco, California
Awards
1959 – Honorable Mention, Richmond Art Center, Richmond, California,
1973 – National Endowment for the Arts Grant,
1973 – Adaline Kent Award, San Francisco Art Institute (SFAI), San Francisco, California,
1987, 2000 – Guest Artist, American Academy in Rome, Rome, Italy,
1989 – Distinguished Alumni Award, San Francisco Art Institute,
1997 – Pollock-Krasner Foundation Award,
1998 – Flintridge Foundation Grant,
2000 – Pamana Award, Filipino American Art Exposition,
2012 – Guggenheim Fellowship, Creative Arts, Fine Arts.
References
External links
Carlos Villa's official website (artist estate website)
Website for the exhibition, Rehistoricizing Abstract Expressionism in the San Francisco Bay Area, 1950s-1960s
Oral History interview with Carlos Villa, June 20-July 10, 1995, from the Archives of American Art, Smithsonian Institution
1936 births
Artists from San Francisco
American artists of Filipino descent
2013 deaths
Mills College alumni
San Francisco Art Institute faculty
San Francisco Art Institute alumni
Artists from the San Francisco Bay Area
California State University, Sacramento faculty
The 2020 Campeonato Goiano (officially the Campeonato Goiano de Profissionais da 1ª Divisão – Edição 2020) was the 77th edition of Goiás's top professional football league. The competition began on 22 January 2020 and ended on 27 February 2021.
On 17 March 2020, FGF suspended the Campeonato Goiano indefinitely due to the coronavirus pandemic in Brazil. Some months later, on 4 August 2020, they announced that the tournament would be resumed on 13 January 2021.
Atlético Goianiense, the defending champions, defeated Goianésia on penalties in the Final, capturing their 15th title.
Participating teams
Format
In the first stage, the 12 teams were drawn into two groups of six teams each.
Each team played on a home-and-away two-legged basis against the six clubs from the other group. The teams were ranked according to points. If tied on points, the following criteria would be used to determine the ranking: 1. Wins; 2. Goal difference; 3. Goals scored; 4. Fewest red cards; 5. Fewest yellow cards; 6. Draw. These criteria also were used to determine the overall performance in the final stage.
The top eight teams in the first stage advanced to the quarter-finals, while the bottom two teams were relegated to the Divisão de Acesso (2ª Divisão) de 2021.
Originally, the final stage would be played on a home-and-away two-legged basis, but due to the coronavirus pandemic the final stage was played on a single-legged basis with the best overall performance team hosting the match. If the score was level, a penalty shoot-out would be used to determine the winner.
Champions qualified for the 2021 Copa do Brasil and 2021 Copa Verde, while runners-up and third place only qualified for the 2021 Copa do Brasil. Top three teams not already qualified for 2021 Série A, Série B or Série C qualified for 2021 Campeonato Brasileiro Série D.
First stage
Final stage
Bracket
Quarter-finals
|}
Group C
Atlético Goianiense qualified for the semi-finals.
Group D
Aparecidense qualified for the semi-finals.
Group E
Jaraguá qualified for the semi-finals.
Group F
Goianésia qualified for the semi-finals.
Semi-finals
|}
Group G
Atlético Goianiense qualified for the finals.
Group H
Goianésia qualified for the finals.
Final
General table
Top goalscorers
References
2020 in Brazilian football leagues
Campeonato Goiano seasons
Campeonato Goiano
Nguyễn Thanh Hải (born 26 November 1988) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for V.League 1 club SHB Đà Nẵng.
External links
References
1988 births
Living people
Vietnamese footballers
Association football midfielders
V.League 1 players
SHB Da Nang FC players
Ruacana is a town in Omusati Region, northern Namibia and the district capital of the Ruacana electoral constituency. It is located on the border with Angola on the river Kunene. The town is known for the picturesque Ruacana Falls nearby, and for the Ruacana Power Station.
The place normally receives an annual average rainfall of , although in the 2010/2011 rainy season were measured.
The farm Etunda is situated near Ruacana. It is run as a government supported irrigation scheme and has been established in 1993. Half of the farm is commercial irrigation land, the other half is allocated to 82 small-scale farmers. Etunda cultivates maize, wheat, watermelons, bananas, and other produce.
History
Ruacana was developed around the Ruacana Hydroelectric Power Station, a major underground hydroelectric plant linked to the nearby dam across the border in Angola at Calueque. The dam and pumping station were bombed in a Cuban airstrike in 1988, during the Angolan Civil War. The facility was partially repaired and today NamPower operates three turbines producing a maximum of 240 megawatts.
Ovazemba and Ovahimba people are native to the area. The name Ruacana originated from one of the first settlers in Ruacana called Ruhakana. The town was therefore named after a Mr Ruhakana, although it is currently written as "Ruacana".
Politics
Ruacana's settlement status was upgraded to village in 2005, and to town in 2010. It is now governed by a town council that has seven seats. The 2015 local authority election was won by SWAPO which gained six seats and 826 votes. The remaining seat went to the National Unity Democratic Organisation (NUDO) which gained 53 votes.
SWAPO also won the 2020 local authority election. It obtained 603 votes and gained five seats. The Independent Patriots for Change (IPC), an opposition party formed in August 2020, obtained 192 votes and gained the remaining two seats.
Education
Ruacana Vocitional High School is located in Ruacana. There are several other primary schools and secondary school such as Ombuumbu Secondary School, Tjihozu Primary School.
References
External links
Ruacana Hydro's technical specs at Namibia Power's website
Towns in Namibia
Populated places in the Omusati Region
Angola–Namibia border crossings
A special election was held in on June 7, 1814, to fill a vacancy left by the resignation of Reasin Beall (DR) to accept an appointment to the Federal Land Office in Wooster, Ohio.
Election results
Clendenin took office on December 22
See also
List of special elections to the United States House of Representatives
References
Special elections to the 13th United States Congress
Ohio 1814 06
Ohio 06
The Campeonato Brasileiro de Futebol Feminino Série A3 (Brazilian Women's National Championship Third Level) is an annual Brazilian women's club football tournament organized by the CBF.
History
On May 18, 2021, the Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF) announced the creation of the competition. The tournament was created due to the unevenness in the first phase of the Campeonato Brasileiro de Futebol Feminino Série A2, with teams in a “comfort zone”, as they know they have five games guaranteed and a prize pool to meet that table. This results in routs at the beginning of the competition.
Distribution
In 2022
One representative from each of the 27 states;
A club from the best federation in the RNF (National Ranking of Federations)
The top 4 in the CBF Ranking (male) that are not already in the Campeonato Brasileiro de Futebol Feminino Série A1 and Campeonato Brasileiro de Futebol Feminino Série A2.
32 Associations.
In 2023
One representative from each of the 27 states;
A club from the best federation in the RNF (National Ranking of Federations)
The 4 teams relegated from the previous year's Série A2;
32 Associations.
List of Champions
Below is a list of all Campeonato Brasileiro Série A3 champions:
See also
Sport in Brazil
Football in Brazil
Women's football in Brazil
Campeonato Brasileiro Feminino Série A1
Campeonato Brasileiro Feminino Série A2
Copa do Brasil de Futebol Feminino
Copa Libertadores Femenina
Notes
References
External links
Official website
soccerway.com, fixtures and results
Brasileiro de Futebol Feminino
The Navy of the Independent State of Croatia (, RMNDH), was the navy of the Independent State of Croatia (, NDH), an Axis puppet state controlled by the fascist Ustaše party. The NDH was created from parts of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia on 10 April 1941, four days after the World War II invasion of Yugoslavia by the Axis powers commenced. The RMNDH consisted of two commands, the Coast and Maritime Traffic Command, and the River and River Traffic Command, and had its headquarters in the NDH capital, Zagreb. The Coast and Maritime Traffic Command consisted of three naval commands along the Adriatic coast, which were each divided into a number of naval districts. The naval districts consisted mainly of naval and weather stations, and were only responsible for coast guard and customs duties. The River and River Traffic Command consisted of seven river stations, a naval infantry battalion, and a River Command Flotilla built around two former Yugoslav river monitors, which had been scuttled during the invasion but subsequently refloated.
The RMNDH was only a small part of the armed forces of the NDH, largely due to restrictions imposed by Italy under the Treaties of Rome. To avoid these limitations, the Germans raised the Croatian Naval Legion which fought as part of the German Navy in the Black Sea campaign between 1941 and 1944. After the Italian capitulation in September 1943, the Germans transferred several captured Italian vessels to the RMNDH, including the light cruiser Dalmacija (renamed Zniam), the former Yugoslav torpedo boat T7, and the Malinska-class mining tender Mosor. All of the significant assets had been lost by December 1944 when the remaining personnel were assigned to duties ashore to circumvent their defection to the Yugoslav Partisans. The RMNDH was disbanded in May 1945 with the collapse and defeat of the NDH.
Background
On 10 April 1941, four days after the invasion of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia by the Axis powers commenced, an extreme Croat nationalist and fascist Ustaše-led puppet state was created. Known as the Independent State of Croatia (often called the NDH, from the ), it combined almost all of modern-day Croatia, all of modern-day Bosnia and Herzegovina and parts of modern-day Serbia into an "Italian-German quasi-protectorate". Germany and Italy quickly agreed on their division of responsibility within the NDH, and effectively occupied the entirety of the country, but the Germans retained the upper hand and control over the most industrially and agriculturally productive parts of the puppet state, despite assuring the Italians that the NDH was in their sphere of influence. The Germans gradually increased their domination over the NDH as time passed, while the Italians were unpopular among the Croat population because they annexed large parts of Croatian territory, including much of the Adriatic coastline. As the weaker Axis partner, Italy was unable to challenge Germany's grip on the NDH, and the Ustaše-led Croats had to accept whatever conditions were imposed on them. By long-standing agreement between the Ustaše leadership and Italy that preceded the outbreak of World War II, if the Croats ceded the Croatian coast to them, the Italians would provide for its protection.
The Royal Yugoslav Navy, targeted heavily by air attacks, conducted few combat operations during the invasion, and the Italians captured most of its ships in port, losing one destroyer scuttled by its crew. One submarine and two motor torpedo boats also escaped to join the Allied cause. The Italians took over the bulk of the remaining seagoing ships and employed them in various roles. One exception was the which sailed to Split in an attempt to join the nascent NDH navy, but was captured at Split by the Italians on 17 April and handed over to the Germans soon after.
Formation
The Navy of the Independent State of Croatia (, RMNDH) was established by the Law on the Establishment of the Army and Navy issued on the same day as the NDH was established by the Ustaše deputy leader and retired Austro-Hungarian Lieutenant Colonel (later Marshal and Commander-in-chief of the armed forces of the NDH) Slavko Kvaternik, with the approval of the German authorities. The task of the navy, along with the army, was to defend the new state against both foreign and domestic enemies. The Italians opposed the formation of a navy by the NDH, as they considered the Adriatic to be Mare Nostrum (Our Sea). The Germans supported the Italians in this, so the development of the RMNDH along the Adriatic coast was initially very restricted. On 18 May 1941, the Agreement on Military Matters Pertaining to Coastal Areas was signed in Romethe second of three Treaties of Rome signed that day. In this bilateral treaty with Italy, the NDH agreed to demilitarize the coastal area entirely, restricting itself to civil administration there. It also agreed not to create any naval units in the Adriatic except for policing and customs purposes. By July 1941, the RMNDH consisted of two commands, the Coast and Maritime Traffic Command, and the River and River Traffic Command, and had its headquarters in the NDH capital, Zagreb.
The Coast and Maritime Traffic Command comprised three naval commands for the northern, central and southern sections of the Adriatic coast, headquartered at Crikvenica (later Sušak), Makarska (later Split) and Dubrovnik respectively. These commands were further divided into naval districts; North Adriatic Naval Command was divided into the Kraljevica and Senj Naval Districts, Central Adriatic Naval Command comprised the Omiš, Supertar, Makarska, Metković and Hvar Naval Districts, and South Adriatic Naval Command consisted of the Trpanj, Orebić and Dubrovnik Naval Districts. The naval districts consisted mainly of naval and weather stations, and were only responsible for coast guard and customs duties.
The River and River Traffic Command was headquartered in Sisak, at the confluence of the Kupa, Sava, and Odra rivers about southeast of Zagreb. It consisted of seven river stationsat Sisak, Brod na Savi, Hrvatska Mitrovica, Zemun, Petrovaradin, Vukovar and Osijek, and a naval infantry battalion based at Zemun (later Zagreb). The River Command Flotilla, headquartered in Zemun, was also part of River and River Traffic Command. It comprised: two former Royal Yugoslav Navy river monitors, Sava and Bosna, which had been scuttled during the invasion and later recovered; two river gunboats, Ustaša and Bosut; two river minelayers, Zagreb and Zrinski; and six motorboats. The flotilla had a flagship, the river tugboat Vrbas, and two patrol groups, each consisting of one monitor, one gunboat, one minelayer and three motorboats.
Re-organisation
The Law Decree on the Armed Forces of 18 March 1942 re-organised the RMNDH as a branch of the Croatian Home Guard (). The RMNDH was always a small part of the armed forces, numbering only 1,262 men in September 1943. After the Italian capitulation in 1943, the Germans recovered the former Yugoslav torpedo boat T7 from the Italians and handed it over to the RMNDH under her Yugoslav designation. Her crew came under the influence of the Yugoslav Partisans, and were preparing to mutiny when the Germans intervened. Two more former Yugoslav vessels were captured from the Italians and handed over to the RMNDH by the Germans; the light cruiser Dalmacija (renamed Zniam), and the Malinska-class mining tender Mosor. Croatian crews also served on German-operated vessels, for example twenty Croats served aboard the minelayer Kiebitz, ex-Italian auxiliary cruiser Ramb III.
Zniam was stranded on 19 December 1943 and was torpedoed by Royal Navy Motor Torpedo Boats (MTBs) two days later. On 24 June 1944, T7 and two German S-boats were sailing between Šibenik and Rijeka, protecting German sea supply routes along the Adriatic, when they were attacked by three Royal Navy MTBs near the island of Kukuljari, south of Murter Island. The MTBs fired two torpedoes at T7, but missed, so they closed and engaged her with their guns, setting her ablaze. She was beached, and 21 crew were rescued by the MTBs. The British crews later examined the wreck, capturing five more crew, then destroyed her with demolition charges. The river monitor Bosna struck a mine and sank in the same month, and Sava was scuttled on 8 September 1944 when her crew deserted to the Partisans. Mosor was stranded on Ist Island near Zadar on 31 December 1944, and remained there until after the end of the war. By this stage, the RMNDH consisted of a flotilla of small coastal craft stationed at Rijeka. The entire flotilla tried to desert to the Partisans in December 1944, but all but one craft (carrying the commander of the flotilla) was prevented from doing so by the Germans. The Germans brought the naval personnel to Zagreb and used them to form a unit for ground combat, and disarmed the remaining vessels. Nevertheless, the RMNDH continued to exist on paper and had a designated commander until it was disbanded at the end of the war.
Croatian Naval Legion
During the war, a unit known as the Croatian Naval Legion () fought as part of the German Navy in the Black Sea campaign under the command of Kapetan korvete (Commander) Andro Vrkljan and later Kapetan fregate (Captain) Stjepan Rumenović. The purpose of posting a naval contingent on the Black Sea was to evade the prohibitions imposed on the RMNDH by the second Treaty of Rome. The Croatian Government hoped that its personnel could gain experience there and later serve as the core of a naval force in the Adriatic. The unit did not have any ships upon its arrival in the Sea of Azov. It managed to scrounge up 47 damaged or abandoned fishing vessels, mostly sailing ships, and hired local Russian and Ukrainian sailors to help man them. They patrolled a coastal sector of the Sea of Azov, and the Legion eventually reached a strength of 1,000 officers and men as the 23rd Minesweeping Flotilla. On 24 September 1942, the Poglavnik (leader) of the NDH, Ante Pavelić, visited Legion headquarters, where he reached an agreement with the Germans to train and equip a flotilla that would undertake anti-submarine patrols. In 1943, a coastal artillery battery was added to the Legion. Following the capitulation of Italy in September 1943, and Axis reverses on the Eastern Front, the Croatian Naval Legion returned to the NDH in May 1944 as a Trieste-based torpedo boat flotilla, part of the German 11th Escort Flotilla. The Germans disbanded the Legion at the same time as the crew of the RMNDH were brought ashore to prevent them from defecting with their vessels to the Partisans.
Naval commanders
Three officers commanded the RMNDH:
Kontraadmiral (Rear admiral) Đuro Jakčin (1941 – late 1943)
Kapetan Bojnogbroda (Commodore) Edgar Angeli (late 1943 – 1944)
Kontraadmiral Nikola Steinfl (1944 – May 1945)
See also
Croatian Navy
Croatian Armed Forces
Croatian Air Force
Croatian Air Force Legion
Footnotes
References
1941 establishments
1945 disestablishments
Riverine warfare
The men's +100 kg judo competition at the 2016 Summer Paralympics was held on 10 September at Carioca Arena 3.
Results
Repechage
References
Official results
External links
M101
Judo at the Summer Paralympics Men's Heavyweight
Cameraria jacintoensis is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from California, United States.
The length of the forewings is 2.8-4.5 mm.
The larvae feed on Quercus kelloggii, Quercus dumosa, Quercus dumosa var. turbinella, Quercus dumosa × turbinella californica and Quercus turbinella. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine is ovoid. The epidermis is opaque, green tan. Mines normally cross the midrib and consume 25%-100% of the leaf surface. The mines are solitary and normally with two parallel folds, but rarely one or three.
Etymology
The specific name is derived from the type-locality (Mount San Jacinto) and the Latin suffix -ensis (denoting place, locality).
References
Cameraria (moth)
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of the United States
Leaf miners
Moths described in 1981
Fauna of California
Taxa named by Paul A. Opler
Taxa named by Donald R. Davis (entomologist)
Howard King may refer to:
Howard King (public-address announcer) (1932–2016), public-address announcer for the Michigan Wolverines football team
Howard King (Jurassic Park), fictional character from Jurassic Park
Howard King (referee) (born 1946), English football referee
Howard King (boxer), American boxer active in the 1950s and 60s
Howie King (born 1969), Irish soccer player
WSNG (610 AM) is a radio station licensed in Torrington, Connecticut, broadcasting a talk radio format. WSNG is part of a three station simulcast, along with 1470 WBOM, Meriden and the home base, 1360 WDRC (AM), Hartford. The four stations use the slogan "The Talk of Connecticut" featuring Mornings with Gary Byron and syndicated programs the rest of the day, including Michael Savage. The station is owned by Red Wolf Broadcasting and features programming from Fox News Radio, Talk Radio Network and Westwood One. The Talk of Connecticut stations also broadcast sporting events such as New York Yankees major league baseball, New Britain Rock Cats minor league baseball, Hartford Hawks college basketball and high school sports.
History
WSNG was originally signed on in the late 1940s as WTOR which transmitted from 93 Perkins Street with 250 watts on 1490kc. It moved the transmitter to Harwinton in 1964 after being granted 1 kW day 500w night with a three-tower directional array on 610 kc (most likely due to WGCH in Greenwich, CT launching later that same year). It was then owned by Edmund Willian Waller. The callsign change came after the station was acquired by new owners at a date later than 1966.
The format at WSNG was full service radio throughout the 1970s and '80s. Many popular personalities worked at WSNG including "Captain" Jay Sheldon, Dan Lovallo and news anchor Jeff Zeiner. During the mid-1980s these personalities left and the format shifted to "consumer" radio. That format proved unpopular and an abortive attempt of returning to full service radio failed. New competition from WZBG caused the station to go dark in the 1990s.
Buckley Broadcasting purchased the station before it would have permanently lost its license. It now simulcasts WDRC as part of the Talk of Connecticut network.
On March 5, 2014, Buckley Broadcasting announced that it would sell its Connecticut radio stations, including WSNG, to Connoisseur Media. The sale was consummated on July 7, 2014, at a price of $7,922,035. Connoisseur sold WSNG, along with the other Talk of Connecticut stations (except for WWCO in Waterbury), WDRC-FM in Hartford, and W272DO in New Haven, to Red Wolf Broadcasting for $8 million in January 2018; the sale was completed on March 29, 2018.
References
External links
WSNG official website
SNG
Talk radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1948
1948 establishments in Connecticut
News and talk radio stations in the United States
Virginia Hesse (born 1944) is a Ghanaian civil servant and diplomat who served as Ghana's ambassador to the Czech Republic from 2017 to 2021. She spent a majority of her professional career in the Ghanaian public service.
Family life and education
A native of Osu, Accra, Virginia Hesse is a member of the notable Hesse family. Her brother, Lebrecht Wilhelm Fifi Hesse (1934 – 2000) was the first black African Rhodes Scholar, two-time Director-General of the Ghana Broadcasting Corporation and a member of the Public Services Commission of Ghana. Her other brother, Christian Hesse served as Ghana's ambassador to the Soviet Union and later to Russia in the 1980s and 1990s. She is an alumna of the University of Ghana, Legon.
Career
She worked at the Ministry of Trade and Industry in Accra, as a commercial officer and at the ministry's diplomacy department. She was Ghana's Deputy Trade Commissioner at the Court of St James's. In the private sector, she also worked for a Swiss international firm as a project manager and later, for water supply and sewage treatment plants. She was also the President of the Accra chapter of the women's empowerment global non-profit, Zonta International.
Diplomatic career
She was sworn into office as the Ghanaian Ambassador to the Czech Republic, together with four other envoys, on 2 August 2017 by Nana Akufo-Addo, the president of Ghana. She was also among 20 Ghanaian women ambassadors selected that year. As ambassador, she had concurrent accreditation to North Macedonia, Romania and other Visegrád Group nations, Hungary and Slovakia. She was also the Dean of the African Group of the Czech Republic. She finished her four-year term in 2021.
Personal life
Virginia Hesse has one daughter. Hesse is a lifelong Presbyterian and a member of the Ebenezer Presbyterian Church, Osu.
References
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Ga-Adangbe people
Ghanaian civil servants
Ghanaian people of Danish descent
Ghanaian people of German descent
Ghanaian Presbyterians
Ghanaian Protestants
Hesse family of Ghana
People from Accra
University of Ghana alumni
Ghanaian women ambassadors
Ambassadors of Ghana to Czech Republic
1944 births
The John P. Devaney was a fireboat operated briefly by the Fire Department of New York City in 1994. The boat was named after a firefighter who lost his life in the line of duty.
The John P. Devaney, and her sister ship, the Alfred E. Ronaldson, were experimental "surface effect ship" designs, a design related to hovercraft.
The vessels had a pair of catamaran hulls. A rubber skirt between the two hulls could be inflated by powerful fans, and this enabled her to travel at over . The vessels' fibreclass hulls were shipped from Europe. They came equipped with a high-tech sensor suite.
The vessels were expensive, costing $3.5 million each. But after they were commissioned in June 1992 they only had an operational service span of five months, being withdrawn in November 1992 as their maintenance was too complicated.
See also
Fireboats in New York City
References
Fireboats of New York City
All Eyez on Me is a 1996 double album by 2Pac.
All Eyez on Me may also refer to:
"All Eyez On Me", the 2Pac album's title track featuring Big Syke
All Eyez on Me (Monica album), 2002 studio album by Monica
"All Eyez on Me" (song), the Monica album's title track
All Eyez on Me (film), 2017 biographical drama film about rapper Tupac Shakur
See also
All Eyes on Me (disambiguation)
Robinsonův ostrov 2017 was the first season of the Czech version of the Swedish television series Expedition Robinson. This season premiered on January 16, 2017.
Contestants
External links
http://robinson.nova.cz/
Expedition Robinson seasons
Czech reality television series
Television shows filmed in the Philippines
Dunoon Camanachd is a shinty club, from Dunoon, Scotland. The team competed from 2016 to 2017 in South Division Two but its senior side went into abeyance in 2018.
History
Whilst the Cowal peninsula, especially Tighnabruaich, is one of the strongholds of the sport, the town of Dunoon has historically not had a senior men's team of its own. The town is, however, the home of Cowal and Bute Camanachd ladies team, Dunoon & District Junior Shinty club and the Dunoon Grammar School team.
In addition, Dunoon Stadium used to host the Cowal Gathering Shinty Sixes competition before this was put into abeyance, and in 2006 hosted the Final of the Camanachd Cup, shinty's premier event. It was overlooked for the 2015 Final in favour of Oban.
Formation
Keen to give the town a team of its own, a small group of local players established Dunoon Camanachd in January 2015. Drawing on local players who had fallen out of the game, and the committed Dunoon diaspora, the team enjoyed instant success in its first ever outing, winning Edinburgh University Shinty Club's Dropkick Murphy Sixes in March 2015. Next up was the St Andrew's University Shinty Club's annual six-a-side tournament in May 2015, where the Dùnachs reached the semi finals before losing out to eventual winners Aberdour Shinty Club.
The next step for the fledgling club was to play a full 12-a-side match. Glenorchy Camanachd provided the opposition for the historic occasion at Dunoon Stadium on Sunday 24 May 2015, as Dunoon Camanachd played its first ever full match. The game ended in a fine 2–1 victory for Dunoon, with Robert Flint scoring the club's first ever goals.
Further friendlies followed throughout the summer of 2015, against Glasgow Mid Argyll Shinty Club, the English Shinty Association and Glenorchy again.
The club decided to build on its 2015 successes by seeking entry to the Camanachd Association's league structure, and began competing in South Division 2 in the 2016 season. The club finished bottom of the table with 4 points in their first full season.
However, the club made the decision to pull out of senior shinty for the 2018 season and remains in abeyance at this level.
References
Shinty teams
Sport clubs established in 2015
Sport in Argyll and Bute
2015 establishments in Scotland
Sorolopha stygiaula is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Thailand and Java.
The wingspan is about 17 mm. Adults are light grey with a characteristic purple-fuscous, almost black longitudinal broad streak. The hindwings are dark fuscous with a much paler basal half.
References
Moths described in 1933
Olethreutini
Moths of Asia
South Launceston is a residential locality in the local government area (LGA) of Launceston in the Launceston LGA region of Tasmania. The locality is about south of the town of Launceston. The 2016 census recorded a population of 4592 for the state suburb of South Launceston.
It is a suburb of Launceston, and also contains the minor suburbs of Glen Dhu and Sandhill (Five Ways).
History
South Launceston is a confirmed locality.
It started life as a small place called Galvin Town, by the 1890s it was included in Launceston as the suburb South Launceston.
In 1906 South Launceston grew to include Sandhill.
Geography
Almost all of the boundaries are survey lines.
Road infrastructure
National Route 1 (Midland Highway) runs through from south-west to north.
References
Suburbs of Launceston, Tasmania
Localities of City of Launceston
The 2016 French F4 Championship season was the 24th season of the series for 1600cc Formula Renault machinery, and the sixth season to run under the guise of the French F4 Championship. The series began on 1 April at Le Castellet and ended on 6 November at Montmeló, after six rounds and twenty-four races.
Driver lineup
Driver Changes
Graduating from French F4
Giuliano Alesi, son of former F1 driver Jean Alesi, was signed by the Ferrari Driver Academy and promoted to GP3 with Trident.
Sacha Fenestraz and Gabriel Aubrey were promoted to the Formula Renault 2.0 championship with Tech 1 Racing.
Simo Laaksonen will compete in Germany's ADAC F4 after running French F4 and SMP F4 campaigns in 2015.
Alternatively Nerses Isaakyan, Nikita Troitskiy and Aleksey Korneev will move to Formula Renault 2.0 for 2016 after partial French F4 seasons.
Axel Matus returned to his home country to participate in the inaugural NACAM F4 championship.
Louis Gachot, son of former F1 driver Bertrand Gachot, switched to ADAC F4 for 2016.
Race calendar and results
A six-round calendar was published in December 2015. This was however revised in January 2016, with now four races per round being held, as opposed to the triple-header rounds that were run on previous years.
Race format
Race 1 grid will be set by second fastest qualifying lap.
Race 2 will be an inversion of the top 10 from race 1.
Race 3 grid will be set by fastest qualifying lap.
Race 4 will be set by the finishing order of race 3.
Championship standings
Points system
Points are awarded as follows:
French F4 Championship
References
External links
The official website of the French F4 Championship
F4 Championship
French F4
Olav Georg Folkestad (1 February 1902 – 1 March 1976) was a Norwegian engineer.
He was born in Skien as a son of station manager Ole Folkestad (1875–1951) and Marianne Evensen (1878–1950), and was an older brother of civil servant Anker Folkestad. In 1927 he married Agnes Sofie Aspaas. They resided in Bærum.
He finished secondary school in 1920 and graduated in engineering from the Norwegian Institute of Technology in 1924. He started out as an assistant in the Norwegian State Railways bridge division, then at the Norwegian Institute of Technology from 1926, then in the company Ing. Bonde & Co from 1927. From 1937 he spent the rest of his career as co-owner of Ing. Bonde & Co.
Folkestad chaired the Norwegian Geotechnical Institute from 1953 to 1961, Byggtjeneste from 1966 to 1968 (board member since 1957) and from 1967 to 1970. He and was a board member of from 1953 to 1961.
He was a fellow of the Norwegian Academy of Technological Sciences, and was decorated as a Knight of the Order of St. Olav in 1962. In 1968 he won the "Bygg reis deg" statuette, and in 1969 he was given the Sam Eyde Award by the Norwegian Engineer Association. He died in March 1976 and was buried at Haslum.
References
1902 births
1976 deaths
Norwegian Institute of Technology alumni
20th-century Norwegian engineers
Members of the Norwegian Academy of Technological Sciences
People from Bærum
People from Skien
Nordheim (; , Norde) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Near Nordheim, there is a TV transmitter with a 280-metre guyed mast.
See also
Communes of the Bas-Rhin department
References
Communes of Bas-Rhin
Bas-Rhin communes articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
Cry () is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Demography
Its population is 167 (2018).
See also
Communes of the Yonne department
References
Communes of Yonne
Zagra may refer to:
Zagra, Iran, a village in Ardabil Province, Iran
Zagra, Granada
Zagra, Bistrița-Năsăud, Romania
Zagra River
See also
Conus antoniaensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans.
Description
The size of the shell varies between 11 mm and 30 mm.
Distribution
This species occurs in the Atlantic Ocean off Boa Vista Island, Cape Verde.
References
Cossignani T. & Fiadeiro R. (2014). Quattro nuovi coni da Capo Verde. Malacologia Mostra Mondiale. 83: 14-19
Cossignani T. & Fiadeiro R. (2018). Quattro nuovi coni da Capo Verde. Malacologia Mostra Mondiale. 98: 14-20.
External links
To World Register of Marine Species
Cone Shells - Knights of the Sea
Manuel J. Tenorio, Samuel Abalde, José R. Pardos-Blas, Rafael Zardoya - Taxonomic revision of West African cone snails (Gastropoda: Conidae) based upon mitogenomic studies: implications for conservation; European Journal of Taxonomy 663: 1–89 (2020)
antoniaensis
Gastropods described in 2014
Gastropods of Cape Verde
Fauna of Boa Vista, Cape Verde
Serial bonds are financial bonds that mature in installments over a period of time. In effect, a $100,000, 5-year serial bond would mature in a $20,000 annuity over a 5-year interval. These are bond issues consisting of a series of securities blocks which mature in sequence, and the coupon rate for these various blocks can be different.
References
Bonds (finance)
Glyphipterix colorata is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1913. It is found in Guyana.
References
Moths described in 1913
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of South America
Suzuki RG 500 gamma was a racing motorcycle manufactured by Suzuki from 1981 to 1984 for competition in the Grand Prix motorcycle racing series. The motorcycle was powered by a 500 cc two stroke engines.
The bike debuted in 1981 replacing the Suzuki RG 500. The Roberto Gallina-Suzuki team won two consecutive riders world championships in the 500cc class with Marco Lucchinelli in 1981 and Franco Uncini in 1982.
Rg 500 gamma
Grand Prix motorcycles
Fuchsia corymbiflora is a species of shrub in the family Onagraceae. It is endemic to Peru, and was first introduced to the Royal Botanical Gardens, Kew in 1840.
Etymology
Fuchsia is named for Leonhart Fuchs [1501-66], a renaissance botanist and professor at Tübingen. Corymbiflora means 'with flowers arranged in flat-topped heads (corymbs)'.
References
Flora of Peru
corymbiflora
Jen Chaiken is an American indie film producer. Chaiken won an Emmy award for Best Documentary for the film My Flesh and Blood.
Early life
Chaiken grew up in San Leandro and Lafayette. She is a graduate of Yale University, and lived in NYC before returning to San Francisco in 1997. Chaiken's intro to the film business began as an apprenticeship in New York after she finished college. She is a partner in the California-based 72 Productions. Chaiken is gay and married to Sam Hamilton, whom she married in 2002.
Career
Chaiken was a producer for the dramedy Afternoon Delight and the feature documentary Inequality for All with Robert Reich, both of which premiered in competition at the Sundance Film Festival in 2013. Afternoon Delight won the US Drama Directing Award and Inequality for All received a Special Jury Award for Achievement in Filmmaking. Along with her producing partner Sebastian Dungan, Chaiken was selected for Variety'''s prestigious 10 Producers to Watch 2012 list.
For her work on My Flesh and Blood, Chaiken won an Emmy Award for Best Documentary following the film's Sundance wins for both the Audience and Best Director and the Audience Award and Critics Prize at the Amsterdam International Documentary Film Festival (IDFA). My Flesh and Blood was also short-listed for Academy Award consideration after its theatrical release by Strand Releasing and later broadcast as an HBO special.
Other credits for Chaiken include Tom Bezucha's first feature, Big Eden, winner of over 15 Audience Awards; the documentary feature Naked States, an HBO premiere; the HBO documentary short Positively Naked, short-listed for Academy consideration; Restaurant, starring Adrien Brody, I Love You, Don't Touch Me!, a Sundance premiere distributed by MGM; and the documentary feature Family Name'', winner of the Freedom of Expression Award at Sundance and nominated for an Emmy after its broadcast on PBS.
References
American film producers
Yale University alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Brian Norman Prior (born October 16, 1959) is an American prelate of the Episcopal Church currently serving as the assisting bishop of the Diocese of Alabama.
Education
Prior was raised in Prosser, Washington and graduated from Whitworth University in Spokane. In 1987, he received his Master of Divinity from Church Divinity School of the Pacific in Berkeley, California. He received an Honorary Doctorate Degree from Church Divinity School of the Pacific in October 2014.
Life
Prior's first position was Associate Priest of St. Stephen's Episcopal Church in Spokane. From there he worked as the Director of Education and Development for the Diocese of Spokane and also was Executive Director of Camp Cross, a church-run camp on the shores of Lake Coeur d'Alene.
Prior founded the Episcopal Church of the Resurrection in Spokane, WA in 1996 and served as their Rector for 14 years.
In 2003 he was chosen to serve as the Chaplain of the Episcopal Church's General Convention. In 2006 he was elected Vice President of the House of Deputies, one of the two groups that make up the governing body of the Episcopal Church. He was reelected to that position in 2009, but gave up that post to join the House of Bishops.
A month after his consecration as Minnesota's Bishop, Prior helped lead the Freeman High School Scotties girl's varsity basketball team to their first state championship. Freeman is a K-12 grade school in Rockford, near Spokane, with fewer than 1,000 students. Prior coached the team for about six years.
Prior has been married to Staci Hubbard Prior for more than 25 years. Prior and his wife met and were married at camp.
Prior and his sons are involved in the Episcopal Conference Programs held at Kanuga Conference Center in Hendersonville, North Carolina.
Episcopacy
Brian Prior was elected IX Bishop of Minnesota at Diocesan Convention on Saturday, October 31, 2009 to succeed James L. Jelinek. He was consecrated on February 13, 2010, the feast of Absalom Jones. He served as Vice Chair of the Church Pension Fund Board of Trustees.
In Minnesota, the Bishop also served as Board Chair of Shattuck-St. Mary's School and Board Chair of Breck School.
On September 25, 2018, Bishop Prior announced that he would be leaving the position. He was succeeded by Craig Loya on June 6, 2020.
Later in 2020 he began serving as assisting bishop in the Diocese of Olympia.
In January 2022 he was named assisting bishop in the Diocese of Alabama.
See also
List of Episcopal bishops of the United States
Historical list of the Episcopal bishops of the United States
Footnotes
External links
The Episcopal Church in Minnesota
American Episcopalians
American Episcopal priests
Living people
Episcopal bishops of Minnesota
American religious leaders
People from Prosser, Washington
1959 births
The Archaeological Museum of Chora is a museum in Chora, Messenia, in southern Greece, whose collections focus on the Mycenaean civilization, particularly from the excavations at the Palace of Nestor and other regions of Messenia. The museum was founded in 1969 by the Greek Archaeological Service under the auspices of the Ephorate of Antiquities of Olympia. At the time, the latter included in its jurisdiction the larger part of Messenia.
The museum building
The museum was built to shelter and exhibit finds from the excavations of Carl Blegen at the Palace of Nestor in Epano Englianos, as well as those of Spyridon Marinatos in the regions of Pylia and Trifylia. Because of their contributions to the museum, the busts of both archaeologists are positioned at the staircase leading to the museum's entrance. On either side of the entrance stand large burial pithoi of the Middle Helladic period, from the tumuli of Kokorakou, Peristeria, and Agios Ioannis, Papoulia.
The building has two stories: the exhibition space is on the elevated ground floor, and the basins are used as storage for the archaeological material and as a study area. The exhibition space is divided into three consecutive galleries as well as a vestibule that is used as a cloakroom, museum shop and ticket office. The galleries hold finds from the excavations of the Palace of Nestor, the tholos tombs of the Englianos area, and other nearby archaeological sites. Most of the finds are grouped according to the location where they were found.
Room 1
The first room of the museum contains items from the excavations in Pylia and Trifyliaare. Cases 1, 2, 4, 6, 7 and 8 display finds from the extensive cemetery at Volimidia, dated to the Late Helladic I-IIIB (Mycenaean) period (1550–1200 BC).
Cases 1 and 2
Cases 1 and 2 contain grave goods from the tombs of the Angelopoulos group and the Vorias-Tsouleas group at Volimidia, excavated by Marinatos in 1952–54. Some of the most important finds are small stirrup jars, jugs, keftiu-type cups, composite vessels consisting of two or three alabaster pieces joined with one single handle, and a small prochous (jug for pouring water) covered on the lid and spout with a sieve.
Case 3
Case 3 contains finds from the Middle and Late Helladic burials at Routsi, Mysinochori, which is only a few kilometers from Englianos and Chora. The chamber and tholos tombs at Routsi were in use from 1680 to 1300 B.C. The first excavations were carried out by Marinatos, and the site was further investigated by G.S. Korres in the 1980s. The Middle helladic tumuli contained burials in pithoid jars. The Late Helladic tholos tombs, although relatively small (average diameter 5 meters) were rich in grave goods, particularly in luxury items.
Tholos tomb II, which was found intact, apparently contained members of the local elite, as attested by the finds. They include a copper sword, three copper daggers with inlay decoration of niello, pottery, jewelry, gems, and seals. Some of the objects were made of gold and precious stones, such as amber, and were used for necklaces. In total, the tholos contained five burials in pit graves, one of which was a little "princess".
Among the pottery exhibits is an alabaster, with alternating black and off-white slip in a wavy pattern, a bevelled jug with spiral motives, and a pithoid jar decorated with schematic ivy leaves. All of these items are either directly imported from Minoan Crete or imitating Minoan models.
There is also a pair of small scale discs; scholars believe that scales were symbolically placed in tombs in order to weigh the soul of the deceased in the underworld. The copper pan on display is of particular interest because of its muddy content which were the remains of food, apparently from the last supper on behalf of the deceased.
Case 4
Between cases 3 and 4 stands an enormous burial jar from the tomb (literally a grave circle) of Agios Ioannis, Papoulia. The burial jars were arranged radially around a horseshoe-shaped construction in the middle of the tumulus, possibly serving as a cenotaph. Next to the jar is a two-eared hydria from the same tumulus, dating from the Early Helladic or Middle Helladic period.
Case 4 contains grave goods from the tombs of the Kefalovryso group at Volimidia. Among these items is a pottery type mentioned in Homer as a two-handled cup. It is a composite vessel, consisting of two drinking cups connected on the rim with a small handle and on the belly with a small tube. The case also contains two containers of unknown function. Marinatos suggested that one of them is a dimiteus which is an object that helps divide weaving threads.
Case 4 also contains pottery from Tragana-Voroulia, dated to the Late Helladic I period including Keftiu cups. The term Keftiu is derived from Egyptian texts, where it denotes a particular nation, which Egyptologists identified as the Minoans from Crete. Most of the pottery vessels on this shelf were discovered in a storage building, where pottery of various periods was stored. Near to case 4 stands an amphora with a depiction of an octopus from Tholos tomb II at Routsi.
Case 9
Case 9 contains the finds from the "gold-bearing" tombs of Peristeria, excavated by Marinatos in 1965. There is a golden diadem and two cups of the keftiu type that are golden with embossed spiral motives, from tholos tomb 3. These items resemble those found in the Royal pit tombs of Mycenae. There are also smaller items, such as golden bees, tassels, discs, lamellae and leaves. At the back side of the case is a representation of the floor of the Throne Room at the Palace of Nestor.
Case 5
Case 5 contains more items from the grave circle of Peristeria, including an early figurine from Messenia representing a female figure in a long dress. Her bosom is naked and she prays in the Petsofas position of the Middle Minoan period.
Case 5 also contains finds from the tholos tombs of Viglitsa, Tragana, dated to the 17th century BC. Among the items from this tomb were three pithoid amphorae with floral decorations consisting of lilies and ivy leaves and a squeezed bronze two-eared vessel.
Case 6–8
Cases 6, 7, and 8 contain finds from the extensive Volimidia cemetery. Case 6 displays items from the Kefalovryso and Koroniou tomb groups including a large beaker (or stamnos) decorated with double axes, similar to those found in Royal pit I of Mycenae.
In case 7, there is a flask with concentric circles, a figurine of a bovine, a Mycenaean figurine of the Ψ type, and Roman items made of terra sigillata.
Case 8 contains exhibits from chamber tombs 1, 2, 4, 5, 9, and 10 of the Angelopoulos group at Volimidia. Tomb 4 contained items of the Mycenaean period, as well as a large number of pottery and glass artifacts of the Roman period. Tomb 5 contained items of the late Helladic and Protogeometric periods, including two medium-sized jugs, one decorated with a maeander design, and a copper double axe.
Room 2
The second central room of the Museum is dedicated to the Palace of Nestor and the hill of Englianos.
Case 10
Case 10 contains large stemmed beakers, kylikes, kraters and ladles from pantry 20 of the Palace of Nestor. Case 19 also contains pottery and drinking vessels from pantry 20, as well as some pottery from room 38, including stripes for sealing jars. One krater is mattpainted with wavy decoration, similar to a krater from the excavations at Vlachopoulo that is displayed in the museum of Pylos. There is also a stone oil lamp of Minoan origin made of white marble and decorated with spiral patterns.
Cases 11, 12, 17, and 18: The wallpainting cases
Cases 11, 12, 17 and 18 contain fragments of the palace's wall paintings. On the walls over the cases there are painting recreations of the wall paintings by Piet de Jong. Jong was an architect and designer with the British School at Athens, who worked on several Mycenaean and Minoan sites.
Case 11 contains fragments from the backfilling of the palace vestibule which depict hunting dogs. There are also fragments of wall paintings from the room of the Queen, which depict lions and griffins.
In case 12, the fragments depict male figures from the vestibule of the palace of Nestor, a man leading dogs and another man carrying tripods. There is a frieze with nautilus-shells from corridor number 48 and a façade of a building decorated with consecration horns, a typical cult symbol of the Minoans, from the courtyards south of the vestibule.
Case 17 contains more painting fragments including rosettes (from staircase 54), a battle scene over a river (from vestibule 64), and lyre player who was probably the last figure on a large wallpainting depicting a procession. The lyre player alludes to Apollo and to Thamyris, a musician from Pylia, who boasted about his musical prowess and therefore was punished by the muses (Iliad, 2 594–600).
In case 18 there are a collection of painting fragments showing a female head named “The White Goddess”, nautilus shells, blue birds, and a bull-leaper that was found in a pit in the floor of the wine magazine.
Cases 32 and 33
Case 32 contains miniature kylikes, possibly used for ritual purposes, as well as replicas of Linear B tablets. Two golden Venetian coins suggest that the hilltop of Englianos was used as a quarry for building materials in a later period. In case 33 there are fragments of jewellery and golden lamellae.
Cases 13–15
These cases all contain pottery found in the palace's pantries. Case 13 displays jars from storeroom 32, case 14 contains drinking cups, scoops and bowls from pantry 60, and case 15 has similar items from pantry 18. The items in these cases include cooking pots, stemmed kylikes, scoops and ladles, probably used for cooking, drinking and feasting.
Free-standing displays
Room 2 contains several items that are not in cases. There are two free-standing, large amphorae for storing goods. One is decorated with a checkerboard pattern. The other is a Minoan-style clay table of offerings found next to the hearth in the throne room. In the middle of the room is a model of the palace, donated by a Dutch highschool.
Room 3
The third room contains exhibits from the palace as well as from the broader region of Englianos.
Cases 20–23: The lower town
Case 20 contains finds from Kokkevis' chamber and protogeometric tombs at Chora. These finds include amphoras, a krater with a depiction of a hunting scene, and a stemmed open cup or bowl with a linear white decoration, reminiscent of pottery from Early Modern Greece. There are also grave goods from Tsakalis' chamber tombs and from the tholos tomb 4 of Kanakaris including a copper bowl with long rectangular handles, a feeding bottle, a female figurine, necklaces of gold or semi-precious stones, and a set for personal care containing a razor and two mirrors.
Case 21 is dedicated to finds from the lower town and Tsakalis tombs. A conical rhyton decorated with palm trees and nilotic floral motives in a Minoan style. The case also contains a stirrup jar with an ivy-leaf decoration, a prochous with the same floral pattern and two tall Keftiu cups with a spiral decoration.
Case 22 contains pottery from the Palace's pantries and from the dumps of the acropolis including cups, kyathoi, kraters and some beveled jugs.
Case 23 contains pottery items which were blackened and deformed by the fire which consumed the Palace, as well as grave goods from the pit grave in room 97. The grave goods include Carnelian, amethyst, and gold beads, and another golden bead in the form of a warrior's head.
Cases 24, 25: The palace's pantries
Case 24 contains storage vessels from the palace's pantry 68, workshop 55, and wine magazine 105 including a brazier made of clay. Case 25 contains two types of pots, tripod cookpots and clay shovels for charcoal. Some of the items are blackened by fire. In addition to the cases, there is a large ringed jar with a lid that was used for storage of goods, such as oil, and a clay pipe and basin-shaped lid which formed part of the chimney above the hearth in the Queen's apartments.
Case 26: The aromatic oil
Case 26 contains well-preserved stirrup jars which were the most typical vessels for transporting good quality aromatic oil.
Cases 27 and 28
Case 27 contains mainly drinking vessels, such as stemmed drinking cups, and some deformed and burned items including an askos. Case 28 contains daily use pottery, such as bowls, basins, scoops and sauce-boat, and twists for making Linear B tablets.
Case 29: Burial customs
Case 29 contains finds and grave goods from Vayenas Tholos tomb 5 which is actually a grave circle. The items from this tomb belonged mainly to warriors but a few suggest at least one female burial. The items include Late Helladic pottery, prochoi, a three-eared amphora, a pair of copper scales, a personal care set made of copper and ivory, sheaths for daggers which apparently formed part of a Mycenean warrior's armour, and a large number of daggers and swords, some of which are bent. The bent swords allude to the fact that their owners, former warriors, will never again need them.
Cases 30 and 31
Case 30 contains pottery sherds, small copper daggers and parts of an ivory helmet. In case 31 is a miniature ring prochous as well as a set of pestles.
Free-standing displays
Free-standing exhibits include a pithos and a large copper basin with handles ending in a human hand shape from the Vayenas grave circle, and large consecration horns.
Bibliography
Blegen, C., Rawson, M., et al., The Palace of Nestor at Pylos in Western Messenia, v. I-III, Princeton 1966-1973
Davis, J., A Guide to the Palace of Nestor, the Myenaean Sites in its Environs and the Museum of Hora, ASCSA 2001
Marinatos, Sp., Anaskafai Messenias 1952–1966, ed. Sp. Iakovides, Athens: Archaeological Society at Athens 2014
External links
Ministry of Culture on Archaeological Museum of Chora
References
Chora
Buildings and structures in Messenia
Museums established in 1969
1969 establishments in Greece
Gevorg Volodya Petrosyan (, born in Yerevan on September 4, 1972 is an Armenian lawyer and politician, former Minister of Labor and Social Affairs.
Early life and education
Petrosyan was born in 1972 in Yerevan where he attended secondary school № 170. After graduation from it in 1989, he studied at the Yerevan State University Faculty of Law, from which he graduated in 1995. The same year he graduated, Petrosyan took part in the military training assemblies and received the military rank of an officer and following it, entered YSU postgraduate course. From 1996 to 2001, Petrosyan was the Dean of the Faculty of Law at Yerevan University after Grigor Zohrap and in between those years was a professor of law at Yerevan State University since 1996 and was a member of the RA Bar Association since 1998. The same year, Petrosyan became a Ph.D. Candidate of Judicial Sciences and Reserve Lieutenant, and after dissertation of his thesis and obtaining of a degree, he was appointed assistant at YSU Chair of Civil Law.
Career
From 2002 to 2005, Petrosyan served as the head of the Department of Social Sciences at Vanadzor State University. Between those years, since 2003, he also served as associate professor of the Faculty of Law and the Chair of Civic Procedure of Yerevan State University and between 2004 and 2005, worked as Advisor to the Head of the Community at Nor Nork District, promoting soon after to the Chief of Staff position. From 2005 to 2009, Petrosyan served as jurist to the Direct General at Veon Armenia CJSC, and later than senior expert on Labor Law Affairs. Between 2007 and 2008, he worked as Head of the Legal Supervision Department at the Audit Chamber of Armenia.
He is the coauthor of school textbooks State and Fundamentals of Law (1998) and State and Law (2001), and the author of the university textbook Labor Law in the Republic of Armenia (2009). He is the author of more than two dozen scholarly articles and publications.
Petrosyan has been a member of "Bargavach Hayastan" Party (Prosperous Armenia) since 2006.
In 2007, he was elected (in 2009 reelected) member of the Prosperous Armenia Political Party.
Petrosyan was appointed the RA Minister of Labor and Social Affairs, according to the RA President's №:NH-119-A Decree made on May 12, 2009.
In November 2019, Petrosyan signed a petition against Istanbul Convention, addressing the fact that Armenia has legislation that supports punishment for the domestic violence and that convention is unnecessary.
References
1972 births
Living people
Armenian jurists
Yerevan State University alumni
Government ministers of Armenia
Politicians from Yerevan
Labor and Social Affairs ministers of Armenia
Roberta Cooper Ramo is an American lawyer at Modrall Sperling, a New Mexico law firm with offices in Albuquerque and Santa Fe, and Immediate Past President of the American Law Institute, the first woman to hold that position. She was also the first woman President of the American Bar Association, from 1995 to 1996.
Early life and education
Ramo majored in Italian and philosophy at the University of Colorado and graduated with a B.A. magna cum laude. This is where she met her husband, Barry Ramo. She received her J.D. from the University of Chicago Law School, where she was one of six women in her law school class.
Legal career
In the early 1970s, Ramo took her enthusiasm about the need for automation and modern management techniques in law firms nationwide. In 1975, she wrote what one member of the American Bar Association Board of Governors later described as "a revolutionary book", titled, How to Create a System for the Law Office, which became a bestseller. That work brought Ramo together with Miami lawyer Samuel S. Smith, who had been lecturing throughout the United States on similar themes. They, along with others, began traveling and lecturing together, doing so for seven years. They eventually cofounded the American Bar Association Economics of Law Practice Section which is today the American Bar Association Law Practice Division.
From 1977 to 1993, Ramo was a partner in the firm of Poole, Kelly & Ramo. In the fall of 1993, she moved to the Modrall Sperling law firm, the largest firm in Albuquerque. Her practice is focused on arbitration, mediation, business law, real estate, probate, and estate planning. She also assists large corporations with strategic and long-term business planning.
Ramo has been recognized by Best Lawyers in America® in Arbitration and Mediation since 2010. She was selected as “Lawyer of the Year” in Albuquerque for Arbitration in 2017 and Mediation in 2018.
Notable activities
Ramo was the first woman Chair of the Economics of Law Practice Section of the American Bar Association, from 1983 to 1984 and the first woman President of the American Bar Association, from 1995 to 1996. As President of The American Law Institute, from 2008 to 2017, Ramo brought a focus on diversity to ALI's membership and Council election process, effectively bringing more women, minorities, and breadth of practice to the organization. As President, she is also credited with inspiring confidence and participation from all members of the Institute and collegiality through some for the most complex and controversial project discussions.
Her Presidency saw 14 Restatements of the Law and Principles of the Law projects completed and 20 projects initiated. Ramo was a driving force behind the first-ever Restatement of American Indian Law. She is famously noted as having never missed an ALI Council or Annual Meeting. She has been an active member of ALI for more than 25 years, elected to ALI Council in 1997, and serving as First Vice President from 2004 to 2008.
Ramo was appointed by President Clinton to serve on the National Advisory Council on Violence Against Women. Ramo served as co-chair of the U.S. Olympic Committee appointed by Senators Ted Stevens and John McCain to suggest reform of the organization's structure. She previously served on the five-member Commission appointed by the U.S. Olympic Committee, chaired by George J. Mitchell, which made recommendations for reformation of the USOC and the International Olympic Committee.
She served as Chair of London 2000, the joint meeting of the American and British bars. She was the founding Chair of the Asia Law Initiative Council. In 2003, New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson appointed Ramo to the New Mexico Board of Finance.
Ramo is a Fellow of both the American College of Trust and Estate Counsel and the American Bar Foundation. In 2011, she was elected into the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. She also serves as a panel member for the American Arbitration Association and the CPR Institute for Dispute Resolution's National Panel of Distinguished Neutrals. In 2013, she was elected Board Chair of Think New Mexico, a non-partisan think tank, and she serves as a member of the Board of the Santa Fe Opera and Albuquerque Economic Development.
Ramo has spoken at the White House, at national professional meetings, and at hundreds of national organizations and forums, including the Detroit Economic Club, the Cleveland City Club and the Houston Club. She has been invited to speak throughout the world—in Paris, London and Beijing—and at many commencements, including Yale Law School and the University of Michigan Law School. She was invited by the Chinese government to lead a team to Beijing to demonstrate an American criminal jury trial and civil trial.
She also currently serves as a member of the American Bar Association Commission reviewing the Rules of Professional Responsibility and making changes related to electronic and technology issues and international issues for the ABA. She served for six years on the University of New Mexico Board of Regents and was President of the Board for two years. She has also served as President of the Board of the New Mexico Symphony Orchestra and as a trustee of the Albuquerque Community Foundation for many years.
Honors and awards
In 1993, Ramo received the Governor's Distinguished Public Service Award for community service in New Mexico. In 2000, Ramo was made an honorary member of the Bar of England and Wales and of Gray's Inn, and was appointed to the CPR Institute for Dispute Resolution's National Panel of Distinguished Neutrals. In 2001, she was awarded the first New Mexican of Vision Award and Peacemaker Award.
In 2009, Ramo received the Samuel S. Smith Award of Excellence in Law Practice from the American Bar Association Law Practice Management Section. In 2015, she received the American Bar Association's ABA Medal.
She has also been granted the following honorary degrees:
Doctor of Laws, University of Missouri, Kansas City
Doctor of Humane Letters, University of Colorado
Doctor of Laws, The University of Denver
Doctor of Laws, Golden Gate University
Doctor of Laws, University of South Carolina
Doctor of Laws, Lewis & Clark Law School
Personal life
Roberta Cooper Ramo is married to Barry Ramo, a cardiologist. While a college student at the University of Colorado, Roberta Cooper was majoring in Italian and philosophy when she met Barry Ramo, a medical resident whose father was a Denver physician. Barry Ramo's uncle is Simon Ramo, one of the founders of TRW Inc., the aerospace and credit reporting company now known as Experian.
After Roberta and Barry married, they moved to Chicago, where Barry completed his cardiology residency and Roberta attended the University of Chicago Law School as one of only six women in her law school class. The couple moved to North Carolina so that he could pursue a fellowship at Duke University, but Roberta was rejected by law firms there. In an interview many years later, she recalled being told directly that women lawyers were not being considered. "I remember interviewing with one fellow who misread his list and probably thought it said 'Robert' and was really nice and explained there was just no way his firm would ever consider hiring a woman," Ramo told the Los Angeles Times. She eventually found a job with the Ford Foundation, then spent two years teaching constitutional law at historically black Shaw University in Raleigh during the civil rights struggle.
Roberta Cooper Ramo and Barry Ramo have two children, Joshua Cooper Ramo, a journalist and author, and Jennifer Anne Ramo, a lawyer and anti-poverty advocate.
Ramo's father, David Cooper, was chairman of Western Warehouse, a clothing-store chain based in Albuquerque.
References
External links
Living people
American women lawyers
New Mexico lawyers
University of Colorado alumni
University of Chicago Law School alumni
Presidents of the American Bar Association
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
is a passenger railway station in located in the city of Kyōtango, Kyoto Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway company Willer Trains (Kyoto Tango Railway).
Lines
Yūhigaura-Kitsu-onsen Station is a station of the Miyazu Line, and is located 61.1 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Nishi-Maizuru Station.
Station layout
The station has one ground-level side platform serving single bi-directional track. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations
History
The station was opened on May 25, 1931 as . It was renamed on April 1, 1990, and to its present name on April 1,2015.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2018, the station was used by an average of 104 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Kizu Onsen
Yūhigaura Onsen
Japan National Route 178
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Official home page
Railway stations in Kyoto Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1931
Kyōtango
Deane Brown is a former Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Great Britain. He has previously competed in the Red Bull MotoGP Rookies Cup, the British 125cc Championship, the British National Superstock 600 Championship and the British National Superstock 1000 Championship.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
Other series
British 125cc Championship
National Superstock 600
British Supersport Championship
* Denotes season still in progress
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
Scottish motorcycle racers
Living people
125cc World Championship riders
1993 births
The Woodsmen are a Canadian series of shorts seen on The Comedy Network as a segment on its homegrown variety show Canadian Comedy Shorts. The show is about two hermits named Walt and Claude and their
misadventures in the backwoods of Canada.
Overview
Origins
The Woodsmen were originally created by Bart Batchelor while working on comic books. The idea became a student film, that was subsequently bought by The Comedy Network.
Following graduation, Batchelor teamed up with fellow Emily Carr Institute alumni Chris Nielsen to pitch and produce a further 6 episodes of the series.
Production
The Woodsmen were written and directed by both Bart Batchelor and
Chris Nielsen. The scripts were subjected to rigorous re-writes and
improvisational table reads before being committed to animation. Each episode was approximately 5
minutes in duration. The show was produced mainly in a basement suite apartment.
Characters
Walt
Walt is shown to be the 'heavier' of the two with what appears to be a beard, and a blue and white outfit. He's brash and offensive. His egocentric nature is the driving force of the plot in the show. He recklessly forces Claude on quests of vanity and self-interest.
Claude
Claude is apparently Canadian, but his accent is ambiguously European. He wears a red and white outfit, and if typified by his reluctant participation in whatever Walt happens to be doing. Claude is just as deranged as Walt, killing forest creatures, destroying the environment, but pulls it off with an air of cuteness and charm.
Episodes
The Woodsmen have aired seven times on the Comedy Network so far this season.
Car Alarm
In this episode, Walt and Claude are trying to determine the source of a car alarm.
David Suzuki
This episode centers around a documentary being created by noted Canadian nature conservationist David Suzuki and how Walt and Claude manage to derail the project entirely.
Potato Cult
The lumps of dirt on the forest floor have Walt quite upset. While he and Claude try to remedy the situation, the two have a run-in with the leader of a strange cult who worship potatoes.
The Hole
Walt and Claude find themselves trapped in a hole, and they try to figure out how to escape. It is in this episode that Walt and Claude come to the conclusion that, "All we ever talk about is...quicksand."
Claudenapped
Claude holds himself hostage in hopes of getting enough money to pay off his student loans.
Claude Is Dead
Claude dies in a tragic hot-dog-and-bee related accident. Walt then has to find a new Claude.
See also
Canadian Comedy Shorts
Comedy Network
Cult television
The Woodsmen (2015 TV-series) (IMDB) produced by Critical Content and Relativity Television (Genre: Reality TV)
External links
Man-Male's Official Website
The Comedy Network's Homepage
Santa Cruz Soul/Rock Band (the awkward rockers)
Canadian animated short films
Grave Secrets: The Legacy of Hilltop Drive is a 1992 television horror film directed by John Patterson that is supposedly based on real events. It starred Patty Duke, David Sleby and David Soul.
Plot
A family buys a home in a new housing development. They soon discover the house was built on the old "Freedomtown" African-American graveyard, though the developers deny the graveyard exists. The family sets out to prove otherwise while the body count grows. Jean (Patty Duke) soon uncovers the reality behind their 'dream house.'
See also
List of ghost films
External links
1992 films
American supernatural horror films
1992 horror films
1990s English-language films
Films directed by John Patterson
1990s American films
Alejandro Giró (born 6 June 1970) is an Argentine biathlete. He competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1988 Winter Olympics.
References
1970 births
Living people
Argentine male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Argentina
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
The 2010 VCU Rams baseball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2010 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Rams played their home games at The Diamond as a member of the Colonial Athletic Association. They were led by head coach Paul Keyes, in his sixteenth year as head coach.
Previous season
The 2009 VCU Rams baseball team notched a 20–26 (8–16) regular-season record.
Schedule
References
2010 Colonial Athletic Association baseball season
2010
2010 in sports in Virginia
Vcu
2010
is a railway station on the Jōhana Line in city of Tonami, Toyama, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Higashi-Nojiri Station is a station on the Jōhana Line, and is located 15.5 kilometers from the end of the line at .
Layout
The station has a single side platform serving one bi-directional track. The station is staffed.
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on 10 August 1951. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR West.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2015, the station was used by an average of 129 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Tonami Industrial High School
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Toyama Prefecture
Stations of West Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1951
Jōhana Line
Tonami, Toyama
Bishop Jacques-Victor-Marius Rouchouse (June 6, 1860 – December 20, 1948) was the first Roman Catholic bishop of Chengdu, China, a post he held from 1946 until his death in 1948.
Biography
Rouchouse was born in the city Saint-Étienne in eastern France. He received his ordination on June 30, 1895, as a priest of La Société des Missions Etrangères. On January 28, 1916, he received the dual appointments of Vicar Apostolic of Northwestern Szechwan and Titular Bishop of Aegeae. On April 11, 1946, he was appointed Bishop of Chengdu, a position he held until his death on December 20, 1948. Bishop Rouchouse was succeeded as Bishop of Chengdu by Henri-Marie-Ernest-Désiré Pinault.
See also
Catholic Church in Sichuan
Christianity in Sichuan
Notes
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in China
1860 births
1948 deaths
People from Saint-Étienne
Roman Catholic missionaries in Sichuan
French Roman Catholic bishops in Asia
Paris Foreign Missions Society bishops
Sabal palmetto (, SAY-bəl), also known as cabbage palm, cabbage palmetto, sabal palm, blue palmetto, Carolina palmetto, common palmetto, Garfield's tree, and swamp cabbage, is one of 15 species of palmetto palm.
It is native to the Southern United States and the West Indies.
Description
Sabal palmetto grows up to tall. Starting at half to two-thirds the height, the tree develops into a rounded, costapalmate fan of numerous leaflets. A costapalmate leaf has a definite costa (midrib) unlike the typical palmate or fan leaf, but the leaflets are arranged radially like in a palmate leaf. All costapalmate leaves are about across, produced in large compound panicles up to in radius, extending out beyond the leaves. The fruit is a black drupe about long containing a single seed. It is extremely salt-tolerant and is often seen growing near both the Atlantic Ocean coast and the Gulf of Mexico coast.
Sabal palmetto "Lisa"
In 1998, a new mutant form of S. palmetto was discovered in southwest Florida, and named as a cultivar, Sabal palmetto "Lisa". This cultivar has unusually thick and leathery, largely fused leaflets that give the palm a unique and appealing appearance. Over 60% of the seedlings have the same leaf characteristics as the parent plant and Sabal palmetto "Lisa" has been popularized in the nursery trade in Florida over the last 20 years and proven to be as resistant to heat, wind, cold, drought, and neglect as the common form while keeping its shape.
Distribution and habitat
Sabal palmetto is native to the Southern United States, specifically the coastal plain of the lower East Coast including southeast North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Texas and Florida. It can also be found in Cuba, the Turks and Caicos Islands, and the Bahamas.
The species is hardy to the US Department of Agriculture's zone 8, and has been reported to have some cold hardness down to , but needs hot and humid summers to grow well. Maintenance of the cabbage palm tree is very easy and very adaptable. The cabbage palmetto is known to tolerate drought, standing water and brackish water. Even though this palm is drought-tolerant, it thrives on regular light watering and regular feeding. It is highly tolerant of salt winds, but not saltwater flooding.
Cultivation
Sabal palmetto is a popular landscape plant in subtropical climates and used for its tolerance of salt spray and drought, and is moderately cold hardy. Because of their relatively long establishment period and prevalence on southern ranchlands, few, if any are grown from seed in nurseries. Instead, established plants are dug in the wild with small rootballs since virtually all the severed roots die and must be replaced by new roots in the new location. Most leaves are removed at this time to reduce transpiration.
Most references rate the species as hardy to USDA hardiness zone 8a. Cabbage palms have excellent hurricane resistance, but are frequently overpruned. Sabal palms normally only do well in hot and humid summer climates.
The cabbage palm is remarkably resistant to fire, floods, coastal conditions, cold, high winds, and drought. Despite this, recent mortality has been caused by Texas phoenix palm decline, a phytoplasma currently found on the west coast of Florida.
Sabal palmetto trunks appear in two different conditions, which can be confusing (see photo). When leaves die, the leaf bases typically persist for a while, creating a spiky, "basketweave" effect. These remnant leaf bases are called "bootjacks" or "boots", for short. The name stems from the "Y" shape that was reminiscent of devices used to aid individuals in removing boots. Transplanted palms are sometimes deliberately shorn of these bootjacks. Taller specimens are more likely to have lost their bootjacks and appear relatively smooth and columnar. The loss of bootjacks is a natural, if poorly understood, phenomenon, as the palm does not create a leaf abscission zone so the loss of the leaf bases results from some other physical or biological process.
Uses
The growing heart of the new fronds, also known as the terminal bud, gives the tree its "cabbage" name, since this is extracted as a food and tastes like other undifferentiated plant meristem tissue, such as the heart of a cabbage or artichoke. It is one of several palm species that are sometimes used to make heart of palm salad. Heart of palm was commonly eaten by Native Americans. However, extracting the heart kills this species of palm, because the terminal bud is the only point from which the palm can grow, so without this bud, the palm is not able to replace old leaves and eventually dies.
The cabbage-like terminal bud has been eaten as hearts of palm. The bristles on the sheaths of young leaves have been made into scrubbing brushes. The trunks have been used as wharf piles. On June 28, 1776, Charleston patriots under William Moultrie made a fort of palmetto trunks and from it defended successfully against the British in the Revolutionary War.
The fruit is edible raw, and the seeds can be ground into flour.
Culture
The sabal palmetto is the official state tree of both Florida and South Carolina (the latter is nicknamed "The Palmetto State").
The annual football rivalry game between Clemson and South Carolina is known as the "Palmetto Bowl".
A silhouette of a palmetto (S. palmetto) appears on the official flag of the US state of South Carolina.
An image of a palmetto appears on the back of South Carolina's state quarter, which was issued in 2000.
Two images of S. palmetto appear on the official great seal of the State of Florida and the flag of Florida.
References
External links
United States Department of Agriculture Plants Profile for Sabal palmetto (cabbage palmetto)
Sabal palmetto from Floridata
Interactive Distribution Map for Sabal palmetto
palmetto
Halophytes
Flora of the Southern United States
Flora of the Southeastern United States
Trees of Cuba
Trees of the Bahamas
Flora of the Turks and Caicos Islands
Symbols of Florida
Symbols of South Carolina
Plants described in 1788
Garden plants of North America
Ornamental trees
Coccothrinax torrida is a palm endemic to southeastern Cuba. It is known from a single isolated hill on the coast of the Guantánamo Province. The climate of the area is described as semi-desert with 9 or 10 dry months. Like other members of the genus, C. torrida is a fan palm. Trees are single-stemmed, between 2 and 8 m tall with stems 2.5 to 3.9 (occasionally up to 4.5) cm in diameter. The fruit is creamy white, 4.8–6.3 mm in diameter.
The species was first described in 2006 from material collected in 2003. It is related to C. pauciramosa, and is characterized by the following features: narrow semiorbicular flat leaves that are covered on the adaxial surface by white wax; a small irregular palman; long and erect inflorescences; and small, white, smooth fruits. C. torrida and C. montana are the only described species with white fruits in the genus Coccothrinax. Since it is known from a single population of about 5000 individuals, the species is considered Vulnerable.
References
External links
Text and pictures of Coccothrinax torrida hosted by the Palm and Cycad Society of Australia
torrida
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 2006
Peter Alfred Schou (known as P.A. Schou; 8 October 1844 – 21 November 1914) was a Danish painter.
Biography
He was born at Copenhagen to a family of merchants from Slagelse shortly after their arrival in Copenhagen.
He was the brother of Ludvig Abelin Schou.
Originally, he chose to follow his father into business and attended a trade school. From 1865, he looked after his family's interests in Hamburg but, possibly inspired by his older brother's death in 1867, he began to spend his summers attending classes at the Dresden Academy of Fine Arts.
In 1876 he went to Paris, where he studied with Léon Bonnat. His first exhibition at the Salon came in 1880. The following year, a work of his was rejected by the censorship committee for the Charlottenborg Spring Exhibition and he went back to Hamburg.
As a result of his experience at Charlottenborg, he established the "Aktclub", a venue where artists could paint nude models without academic constraints. Among those who worked there were Arthur Siebelist, Julius von Ehren and . He returned to Denmark in 1902 and was a regular participant in several annual exhibitions after that time.
His paintings were mostly very simple; interiors with one or two figures in a dark, Post-Impressionist style. Many capture sad moments. The bedside of a tubercular young man is a recurring theme. He also painted some portraits and still-lifes.
In 1911, he was awarded the Anckers Scholarship (Det anckerske Legat) grant for composers, writers and artists. In 1908 and 1912, he received the Eckersberg Medal. He died at Frederiksberg and was buried in Solbjerg Park Cemetery.
Selected paintings
References
External links
ArtNet: More works by Schou.
Arcadja Auctions: More works by Schou.
P.A. Schou from Salmonsens Konversationsleksikon @ Project Runeberg.
1844 births
1914 deaths
19th-century Danish painters
Danish male painters
20th-century Danish painters
Artists from Copenhagen
Danish genre painters
People from Slagelse
19th-century Danish male artists
20th-century Danish male artists
Orma is an unincorporated community in Calhoun County, West Virginia, United States. It lies along West Virginia Route 16 and the West Fork Little Kanawha River, to the south of the town of Grantsville, the county seat of Calhoun County. Its elevation is 738 feet (225 m). It has a post office with the ZIP code 25268.
The community was named after Orma Stalnaker.
References
Unincorporated communities in Calhoun County, West Virginia
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
The 2017 UEFA Europa League Final was the final match of the 2016–17 UEFA Europa League, the 46th season of Europe's secondary club football tournament organised by UEFA, and the 8th season since it was renamed from the UEFA Cup to the UEFA Europa League. It was played on 24 May 2017 at the Friends Arena in Solna, Stockholm, Sweden, between Dutch side Ajax and English side Manchester United. Manchester United won the match 2–0 to secure their first title in this competition. With this victory, they joined Juventus, Ajax, Bayern Munich and Chelsea as the only clubs to have won all three major European trophies (European Champion Clubs' Cup/UEFA Champions League, UEFA Cup/Europa League, and the now-defunct Cup Winners' Cup); while, with this defeat, Ajax became the fifth club – after Hamburger SV, Fiorentina, Arsenal and Liverpool – to have lost a final in all these competitions.
Manchester United earned the right to play against the winners of the 2016–17 UEFA Champions League, Real Madrid, in the 2017 UEFA Super Cup. They also entered the group stage of the 2017–18 UEFA Champions League, as the berth reserved for the Champions League titleholders was not used. Police of Stockholm took measures against potential terrorist attacks which they described as "the new normality", since two had occurred in Stockholm in 2010 and just a month before the final, and also prepared for potential clashes between supporters.
Teams
In the following table, finals until 2009 were in the UEFA Cup era, since 2010 were in the UEFA Europa League era.
Venue
Friends Arena, located in the Solna Municipality of the Stockholm urban area, was announced as the final venue on 30 June 2015, following the decision of the UEFA Executive Committee meeting in Prague, Czech Republic.
Background
This was Ajax's second final in the UEFA Cup/Europa League, having won in the 1992 UEFA Cup Final over Torino on away goals.
This was Manchester United's first final in the UEFA Cup/Europa League. They were seeking to join Juventus, Ajax, Bayern Munich and Chelsea as the only clubs to have won all three major European trophies (European Champion Clubs' Cup/UEFA Champions League, UEFA Cup/Europa League, and the now defunct UEFA Cup Winners' Cup).
The two sides had previously met four times in European competitions, all in the UEFA Cup/Europa League, with a record of two wins each. However, Manchester United had eliminated Ajax on both occasions, 2–1 on aggregate in the 1976–77 UEFA Cup first round, and 3–2 on aggregate in the 2011–12 UEFA Europa League round of 32.
Road to the final
Note: In the table, the score of the finalist is given first (H = home; A = away).
Pre-match
Ambassador
The ambassador for the final was former Swedish international player Patrik Andersson, who won the Champions League with Bayern Munich against Valencia in 2001.
Logo
UEFA unveiled the brand identity of the final on 26 August 2016 in Monaco during the group stage draw.
Ticketing
With a stadium capacity of 48,000 for the final, a total number of 37,000 tickets were available to fans and the general public, with the two finalist teams receiving 10,000 tickets each and with 17,000 tickets being available for sale to fans worldwide via UEFA.com from 17 to 28 March 2017 in four price categories: €150, €100, €70 and €45. The remaining tickets were allocated to the local organising committee, UEFA and national associations, commercial partners and broadcasters, and to serve the corporate hospitality programme.
Opening ceremony
A minute's silence was observed before the final in memory to victims of the bombing in Manchester which occurred two days before the final; the opening ceremony was thus considerably reduced.
Match
Officials
In May 2017, Slovenian referee Damir Skomina was chosen to oversee the final. He was joined by compatriots Jure Praprotnik and Robert Vukan as assistant referees, Matej Jug and Slavko Vinčić as additional assistant referees, Tomaž Klančnik as reserve assistant referee, and Italian official Gianluca Rocchi as fourth official.
Summary
Paul Pogba opened the scoring for Manchester United in the 18th minute when his low left foot shot from just outside the penalty area took a deflection off Davinson Sánchez which wrong footed the goalkeeper before looping over him and into the net. Henrikh Mkhitaryan got the second goal three minutes into the second half when with his back to goal he flicked the ball into the net with his right foot from three yards out after the ball had been knocked down to him by Chris Smalling after a corner from the right by Juan Mata. Wayne Rooney, who entered minutes before the final whistle, took the captain's armband and later led the team to lift the trophy in his final game for United; he would return to Everton less than two months later.
Details
The "home" team (for administrative purposes) was determined by an additional draw held after the semi-final draw, which was held on 21 April 2017 at UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland. Ajax as the "home" team played with their new home kit which would be used the following season. United wore their outgoing away (European third) kit.
Statistics
See also
2017 UEFA Champions League Final
2017 UEFA Super Cup
AFC Ajax in European football
Manchester United F.C. in European football
References
External links
2016–17 UEFA Europa League
2017 UEFA Europa League Final, UEFA.com
2017
Final
Europa League Final
International club association football competitions hosted by Sweden
AFC Ajax matches
Manchester United F.C. matches
Europa League Final
Europa League Final
May 2017 sports events in Europe
2017 in association football
The World Water Index (WOWAX) is a global stock market index established in February 2002 by Société Générale in cooperation with SAM Group and Dow Jones Index/STOXX.
It contains the globally largest 20 corporations of the water supply, water infrastructure and water utilities/treatment sector.
The index' assortment of shares is rebalanced every quarter of a year, and revised every six months.
The ISIN of the WOWAX is XY0100291446 and US98151V3006, respectively.
Companies
References
Global stock market indices
Water industry
Amunet () or Imnt (The Hidden One in hieroglyphics); also spelled Amonet or Amaunet; ) is a primordial goddess in ancient Egyptian religion. Thebes was the center of her worship through the last dynasty, the Ptolemaic Kingdom, in 30 BC. She is attested in the earliest known of Egyptian religious texts and, as was the custom, was paired with a counterpart who is entitled with the same name, but in the masculine, Amun. They were thought to have existed prior to the beginning of creation along with three other couples representing primeval concepts.
Description and history
Primeval counterparts
Her name, , is a feminine noun that means "The Hidden One". She is a member of the Ogdoad of Hermopolis, who represented aspects of the primeval existence before the creation: Amunet was paired with Amun—whose name also means "The Hidden One", with a masculine ending (jmn)—within this divine group, from the earliest known documentation. Such pairing of deities is characteristic of the religious concepts of the ancient Egyptians. In early concepts known as the Ogdoad, the primeval deity group to which they belonged as "Night" (or as the determinative D41 meaning "to halt, stop, deny", suggesting the principle of inactivity or repose),<ref>Budge, Wallis A., [https://archive.org/stream/godsofegyptianso00budg The Gods of the Egyptians: Or, Studies in Egyptian Mythology], 1904, volume 1</ref> was composed of four balanced couples of deities or deified primeval concepts.
Speculation exists that Amunet may have been conceived by later theologians as a complement to Amun, rather than being an independent deity originally, however, the Pyramid Texts, the earliest known religious texts of Ancient Egypt, mention "the beneficent shadow of Amun and Amunet":
Cult becomes localized
By at least the Twelfth Dynasty of Egypt (c. 1991–1803 BC), Amunet often was superseded by Mut as Amun's partner, as cults evolved or similar ones in other regions were merged following Mentuhotep II's reunification of Egypt—but Amunet remained locally important in Thebes, where Amun was worshipped. In that capitol of the unified country she was seen as a protector of the king, playing a preeminent role in rituals associated with the royal coronation (khaj-nisut) and Sed festivals (heb-sed'') celebrating its well-celebrated anniversaries, and priests were dedicated to Amunet's service at Karnak, Amun's cult center.
In the Festival Hall of Thutmose III (c. 1479–1425 BC), Amunet is shown with the fertility god Min while leading a row of deities to visit the king in the anniversary celebration. In spite of Amunet's stable position as a local goddess of Egypt's most important city, her cult began to have very little following outside the Theban region that developed into a dominant religious center for the unified country.
Amunet was depicted as a woman wearing the Deshret "Red Crown of Lower Egypt" and carrying a staff of papyrus—as in her colossal statue placed during the reign of Tutankhamun (c. 1332–1323 BC) into the Record Hall of Thutmose III at Karnak. The reason for this iconography is uncertain. At that time, the cult of Amun was being restored after being displaced by worship of Aten during the reign of Akhenaten.
Although she remained a distinct deity as late as the Ptolemaic Kingdom (323–30 BC), in some late texts from Karnak Amunet was syncretized with Neith and she was carved suckling pharaoh Philip III of Macedon (323–317 BC) who appears as a divine child immediately after his own enthronement, onto an exterior wall of the eighteenth dynasty Festival Hall of Thutmose III at Karnak.
In popular culture
Gallery
References
Bibliography
Amun
Egyptian goddesses
Fresta Church () is a Lutheran church in the municipality of Upplands Väsby in Stockholm County, Sweden.
History and architecture
Fresta Church lies in an area with old cultural traditions. Adjacent to the church are no less than fifteen runestones, among them one of the so-called Jarlabanke Runestones (U261 in Rundata).
The oldest parts of the church, the vestry and the inner walls of the choir are from the early 14th century. The nave dates from later in the same century. A wooden nave may have pre-dated the current one- The church is built of fieldstone.
The church was heavily rebuilt in 1776, when it acquired the present external appearance. A clock tower was added to the western façade, the windows were enlarged, the walls all made the same heights and a new roof was constructed. Internally, the church still retains much of its medieval appearance. The vaults are from the 14th and 15th century; a few 15th-century frescos depicting the apostles still decorate the walls.
Of the church furnishings, the baptismal font and the triumphal cross both date from the 13th century. An altarpiece made in northern Germany circa 1480 deserve special mention. It depicts the Holy Family and relatives. Other furnishings are mostly from the 18th century. The unusually elaborate organ is from the 17th century.
Gallery
References
External links
Official site (in Swedish)
Buildings and structures in Stockholm County
13th-century churches in Sweden
Church frescos in Sweden
Churches in the Diocese of Uppsala
Churches converted from the Roman Catholic Church to the Church of Sweden
The 1L121-E is a Russian mobile air defense radar. It was first shown in 2011 at the MAKS Air Show outside Moscow. It was developed by the Nizhny Novgorod Research Institute of Radio Engineering (NNIIRT).
Description
The 1L121-E can be mounted on a wide variety of vehicles including a BTR-80 and a GAZ Vodnik. The 1L121-E gives full hemispheric coverage and is designed to function on the move or while stopped. Moving from stationary to mobile operation requires about two minutes. The radar spots and classifies up to four different target types, positioning each target with an accuracy of 100 meters. With about 1 degree in accuracy for elevation and azimuth. It is mainly designed to detect and track airborne targets including low-level small UAVs.
References
Ground radars
Russian and Soviet military radars
Dinant-Philippeville was a constituency used to elect members of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives between 1900 and 1991.
Representatives
References
Defunct constituencies of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
DPS Academy (in Arabic: أكاديمية د ب س) (previously known as Union International Indian School) is a private Indian school in Dubai International Academic City, in Dubai, United Arab Emirates which is affiliated to ICSE curriculum, Delhi. It is the third school to run under the aegis of Delhi Public School Society in the United Arab Emirates which also operates Delhi Private School which is affiliated to CBSE curriculum in Dubai and in Sharjah.
In April 2013, the phase one of the DPS Academy started with classes beginning from kindergarten (KG) and grades one to five with an estimate capacity of 2,000 students. In October 2016, the school has announced its closure in March 2017.
Education system
DPS Academy follows the ICSE curriculum. The medium of teaching in the school is English. However, Arabic will be offered as a compulsory language subject for all the students of the school as per the requirements by Ministry of Education and KHDA. Hindi or French will be offered as a second language for the students.
Campus
DPS Academy is campus. Some of the school facilities for students are:
Playgrounds and indoor play areas for kindergarten students
Amphitheatre
Half Olympic size indoor swimming pool also a separate swimming pool for toddlers,
Classrooms and language labs
Medical centres with trained doctors and nurses
Learning labs with special Educators (SEN Teacher)
Counselling rooms with a trained counsellor
Transport facility for students living in Dubai and Sharjah
ICT and computer laboratories
Library
DPS Academy introduced the Stem (Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics) laboratory as the part of the ICSE curriculum which is also first of its kind in the United Arab Emirates.
External links
Official Website
References
Schools in Dubai
International schools in Dubai
Delhi Public School Society
Private schools in the United Arab Emirates
Indian international schools in the United Arab Emirates
Educational institutions established in 2013
Educational institutions disestablished in 2017
2013 establishments in the United Arab Emirates
Hallopus was a prehistoric reptile, named in 1877 as a species of Nanosaurus and classified by O. C. Marsh in 1881 from the Late Jurassic Morrison Formation. Today though the animal is thought to be a pseudosuchian more closely related to crocodilians. It was redescribed as a sphenosuchian crocodylomorph in 1970, now thought to be a paraphyletic group. It was a quite small animal, reaching a length of 1 m (3.3 ft) with long and slender limbs. Macelognathus, a similarilly slender-proportioned crocodylomorph to Hallopus, may be synonymous with it.
History and naming
The holotype specimen of Hallopus was discovered by near Canyon City, Colorado and acquired by a collector named Baldwin for three dollars in a local curiosity shop in Colorado Springs. According to letters later chronicled by Schuchert (1939), he found out about the fossil after hearing about the discovery of a supposed fossil bird, before later traveling to the type locality himself in search of additional remains. The holotype consists of two slabs of rock containing the largely dissarticulated remains of a single individual known from elements of the spine and mostly limb material. Skull material was initially not identified, however later research by Walker proposes that some bone fragments may belong to it. Othniel Charles Marsh, who originally described the specimen the same year it was found, initially thought it to be a species of the small ornithischian Nanosaurus, naming it Nanosaurus victor. However Marsh was vague in his description of where the specimen originated, writing that it was "probably Jurassic" and assigning it to the lower part of the Dakota Group, despite detailed accounts of the locality being sent to him by Baldwin. The locality was merely identified as "Rocky Mountains" in this first publication. Later, in 1881, Marsh erected the genus Hallopus, now recognizing it as a distinct genus but still believing it to be a dinosaur. The age of Hallopus was later revised by Marsh, successively assigning it to older and older strata culminating in a proposed Early Jurassic or even Late Triassic age. It was around this time that Marsh took further notice of Hallopus anatomy and speculated on how it fit within Dinosauria. Marsh coined both the family Hallopodidae and the suborder Hallopoda in 1881, placing them within Dinosauria. In publications from 1882 and 1890 Marsh himself casts doubt on this however, growing doubtful of his prior hypothesis and arriving at the conclusion that Hallopus may be a link between typical dinosaurs and what he considered to be more primitive forms (aetosaurs, crocodilians and phytosaurs). He retains Hallopoda within Theropoda regardless and it was in 1890 that Hallopus received a full, detailed description figuring the type material, which was later expanded upon and revised throughout the 1890s. The first full image of the two rock slabs that contain the holotype were published by von Huene in 1914, who still believed Hallopus to be a theropod. In 1939 Charles Schuchert suggests that Marsh was correct in his first assumption, which proposed that Hallopus was found in the upper members of the Morrison Formation. His research cites a series of letters exchanged between Marsh and Baldwin specifically concerning where the fossil was found. In his work, Schuchert presumes a rocky hill known as "The Nipple" to be where Hallopus originated, but his research contains a series of contradictions that cast doubt over the specifics. Regardless of the mystery surrounding the exact locality, the description offered by Baldwin and the highly specialised skeletal adaptations both support an assignment to the late Jurassic. The reason Marsh continuously revised the age of Hallopus may have been that he was simply unaware of any Upper Morrison sediments matching the given description, which were later confirmed to exist around "The Nipple" by Ague, Carpenter & Ostrom in 1995. One consequence of Marsh's revisions is that the "Hallopus Beds" named by him did not actually contain any material of Hallopus. As far as the material itself was concerned, no detailed examinations of the fossils were published following von Huene's 1914 paper and researchers of the time consistently placed the animal within Coelurosauria until 1970, when Alick Walker published his re-description and concluded that Hallopus was in fact a Pseudosuchian, a classification maintained until today.
The name Hallopus is derived from the Greek άλλομαι (hallomai), meaning "jumping and ποΰς (pous) which translates to foot.
Description
Overall Hallopus was a relatively small and gracile animal with strongly elongated limbs, five fingers on each hand and effectively tridactyl hindlimbs. Early size estimates of Hallopus by Marsh were vague, describing it as being "the size of a fox" and later likening it to rabbits in size. Using the proportions of various sphenosuchians, especially Pedeticosaurus, Walker estimates a total body length of approximately .
Like typical for crocodylomorphs, Hallopus possessed two sacral vertebrae, which in the holotype are firmly ossified, leaving no trace of a suture between them. Previous authors hypothesized the presence of a third sacral, however Walker deems this unlikely, partly due to how firmly the two known vertebrae are fused. A series of four caudal vertebrae is known, which are notably smaller than the sacrals and likely from much further down the tail. A few other poorly preserved vertebrae of indetermined position are also preserved on the rock slab and Walker also describes several rib fragments and a chevron. The humerus is known from a series of impressions as well as the preserved distal end, which shows that the bone was hollow. The narrow distal end of the humerus marked by a deep groove at its posterior, combined with the shortened olecranon process, suggests that Hallopus was capable of stretching its forearms in a way that would create a straight line between it and the humerus. The radiale and ulnare were likewise elongated, most likely functioning as an extension of the radius and ulna rather than an independent element. In mammals the radius is known to exceed the humerus length significantly in some species, but even compared to these the ratio between humerus and radiale+radius in Hallopus is exceptional at a total of 146%, only exceeded in proportions by giraffes. The comparisson to mammals however does not extend to the metacarpals, which are proportionally short (only 26% the length of the humerus). The joints of the wrist were relatively stiff, which effectively increases the length of the forearm. Walker suggests that these joints would not be completely immobile, reasoning that if that had been the case simple elongation of the forearms would have been a more reasonable adaptation. Based on the elongation of the metacarpals, it's believed that the forelimbs of Hallopus may have been digitigrade, further supported by the way length is distributed throughout the finger bones and the way the first and last finger converge towards the central metacarpals. Digit one in this case shows signs of being perpetually flexed and would have acted as stabilisers, touching the ground behind and to the sides of the central fingers. The femur was rather restricted in its movement, only capable of moving in a parasagittal manner (back and forth) due to its offset femur head and the presence of a lesser trochanter. The hindlimbs likewise were probably digitigrade and effectively tridactyl as the central three toes were effectively locked together at their base before diverging towards their tips. The centralmost toe (digit three) is the longest of the pairing. The feet were long, with the bones of the central digits likely being about as long as the metatarsals, and the entire pes being about the same length as the tibia (which itself is longer than the femur). The heel was narrow and lacked the groove seen in modern crocodiles, suggesting that it functions like a lever similar to what can be observed in cursorial mammals.
Phylogeny
The classification of Hallopus has a long history dominated by two main hypotheses that placed it on vastly different branches of the archosaur family tree. For almost a hundred years Hallopus was considered a dinosaur until its crocodylomorph affinities were recognied in the 1970s. Walker identified multiple anatomical details that clearly established that Hallopus was a pseudosuchian, specifically less derived than Protosuchus or Orthosuchus. In this publication, he considered Hallopus as a descendent of a clade he named Pedeticosauridae, which is now thought to be synonymous with the likely paraphyletic Sphenosuchia, a clade of gracile, long limbed crocodylomorphs from the Triassic-Jurassic. A phylogenetic analysis from 2017 recovered Hallopus in a clade with Macelognathus and Almadasuchus, the Hallopodidae (defined as "all taxa more closely related to Hallopus victor than to Protosuchus richardsoni or Dibothrosuchus elaphros). The Hallopodidae was recovered as the nearest sister to the Crocodyliformes and more derived than Junggarsuchus or the "sphenosuchians" whose monophyly was not supported in this analysis.
In 2022 Ruebenstahl and colleagues published an extensive description of Junggarsuchus using CT-scans while also comparing it to other early diverging crocodylomorphs, in particular Dibothrosuchus. They furthermore analysed traits used in prior analysis critically and built a data matrix based on previously established phylogenies including that of Leardi (2017). The analysis included all by then known early diverging crocodylomorphs and tested the results by introducing several variations in outgroup taxa and weighting methods. In the process of this research, a new clade, Solidocrania, was named. With the exception of some analysis using implied weight, Sphenosuchia was generally found to be paraphyletic by the authors. Even in the scenario of a monophyletic grouping there was weak support. A monophyletic Hallopodidae was only recovered under implied weighting, where it retained its position as a sister group to Crocodylomorpha. Instead Ruebenstahl and colleagues find Hallopus to be a sister taxon to Solidocrania, which contains Macelognathus, Junggarsuchus and Almadasuchus. However the lack of well preserved cranial material renders the genus' position uncertain. Shown below is one of the trees recovered by the publication, recovered using Postosuchus as the outgroup and under implied weighting of characters.
The proximity between Hallopus and Macelognathus has led to some taxonomic issues in the recent past. In their 2005 publication of Macelognathus, Göhlich and colleagues note several similarities between the two taxa, which may have been roughly contemporary with one another. Leardi and colleagues however note that many of these similarities are widespread among non-crocodyliform crocodylomorphs while some of the differences in proportions are difficult to observe in the fossils. The fact that the braincase is only preserved for Macelognathus makes comparison between the two taxa difficult as well. Leardi and colleagues conclude that the two may be synonymous, however closer inspection of Hallopus holotype or additional material clearly referrable to the taxon would be required to be sure.
Paleobiology
Based on its light build and extremely elongated limbs, Hallopus was most likely a fast-running agile animal. Walker proposes that while running the forelimbs would have performed a kind of strut, with the anterior part of the body bouncing off to allow for a greater stridelength. Walker further argues that this might compensate for the much longer hindlimbs by raising the glenoids, and proposed that Hallopus would have been capable of moving in ways similar to hares and greyhounds. Of the two, mountain hares were noted to be the closest modern analogy as far as the proportions between individual bones and entire limbs were concerned. These proportions alongside the shape of the calcaneal may suggest a bounding gate for Hallopus, however Walker warns that the analogy is not a perfect one and that Hallopus would still be relatively restricted in its movement compared to extant mammals. Subsequently it cannot be determined if the hindlimbs could have passed the forelimbs while galloping without knowing how short or flexible the spine was. The long tail, inferred based on its relatives and the recovered caudal vertebrae, would have also made a substantial difference.
The lack of skull material relevant to the jaws leaves Hallopus diet ambiguous. However, the closely related, if not synonymous Macelognathus does preserve pieces of the jaw, displaying a unique toothless mandible tip, possibly covered by a keratinous rhamphotheca. The teeth of Macelognathus meanwhile are unserrated and mediolaterally flattened, not matching a carnivorous diet and instead being better suited for consuming insects and plant material.
References
Late Jurassic crocodylomorphs
Terrestrial crocodylomorphs
Morrison fauna
Taxa named by Othniel Charles Marsh
Fossil taxa described in 1881
Prehistoric pseudosuchian genera
The Ismaili Centres are symbolic markers of the permanent presence of the Nizari Ismailis in the countries and regions in which they are established, characterised by the Aga Khan IV as 'ambassadorial buildings'. Each building is architecturally unique and functions as a jamatkhana (place of worship), but also incorporates spaces for social and cultural gatherings, intellectual engagement and reflection, as well as spiritual contemplation. They facilitate mutual exchange and seek to foster understanding between diverse peoples, communities and faiths. Collectively and individually, the Centres represent the Nizari Ismaili community's intellectual and spiritual understanding of Islam, as well as the community's social conscience, outlook and attitude towards the societies in which it lives.
Nizari Ismaili Centres around the world
Ismaili Centres have been established in London (1985), Vancouver (1985), Lisbon (1998), Dubai (2008), Dushanbe (2009), and Toronto (2014). Additional Ismaili Centres have been announced for Houston, Paris and Los Angeles.
References
External links
Official site of the Ismaili Centres
The Ismaili Centre, Dubai - Press release, photos and video relating to the opening
The Ismaili Centre, Toronto - an article about the project, including renderings
Nizari Ismailism
Ada is an unincorporated community in the town of Herman, Sheboygan County, Wisconsin, United States.
Description
The community is located on Wisconsin Highway 32 northwest of Howards Grove.
References
External links
Unincorporated communities in Sheboygan County, Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Wisconsin
Jaco Booysen is a South African former rugby union and rugby league footballer who played in the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s. He played representative rugby league (RL) for South Africa in rugby league at the 1995 Rugby League World Cup and 2000 Rugby League World Cup.
Rugby union career
Booysen made his début for Eastern Transvaal in 1987. He had a brief stint with Northern Transvaal but returned to Eastern Transvaal and later captained the side. When Booysen retired in 2001 after a severe neck injury he had played 132 matches for the Falcons.
Rugby league career
Booysen played for the South African Rhinos 25 times in rugby league. He captained the side at the 1995 World Cup and was also part of the squad at the 2000 World Cup.
In 1996 he spent the season at the Dewsbury Rams, along with several other South African World Cup players. Despite the hype surrounding their arrival, the imports failed to make a lasting impression at the club and returned home the following year.
References
1960s births
Living people
Dewsbury Rams players
Expatriate rugby league players in England
Falcons (rugby union) players
Rugby league props
Rugby union flankers
South Africa national rugby league team captains
South Africa national rugby league team players
South African expatriate rugby league players
South African expatriate sportspeople in England
South African rugby league players
South African rugby union players
The men's super heavyweight (+91 kg/200.2 lb) Low-Kick division at the W.A.K.O. European Championships 2006 in Skopje was the heaviest of the male Low-Kick tournaments and involved seven fighters. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick kickboxing rules.
As there were not enough participants for a tournament designed for eight, one of the men had a bye through to the semi finals. The tournament champion was Dragan Jovanović from Serbia who won gold by defeating Azerbaijani Hafiz Bakhshaliyev in the final by unanimous decision. Defeated semi finalists Goran Radonic from Montenegro and Jan Antoska from Slovakia won bronze.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
W.A.K.O. European Championships 2006 (Skopje)
The 1932 Michigan gubernatorial election was held on November 8, 1932. Democratic nominee William Comstock defeated incumbent Republican Wilber M. Brucker with 54.92% of the vote.
General election
Candidates
Major party candidates
William Comstock, Democratic
Wilber M. Brucker, Republican
Other candidates
John Panzer, Socialist
William Reynolds, Communist
Charles Elwood Holmes, Prohibitionist
Robert Fraser, Socialist Labor
Al Renner, Proletarian
Anthony Bergman, Liberty
Results
Primaries
Democratic Primary
Republican Primary
References
1932
Michigan
Gubernatorial
November 1932 events in the United States
The Marshal is an American action-drama television series that aired on ABC for two seasons in 1995. The show starred Jeff Fahey as the title character, a United States Marshal charged with pursuing fugitives across the nation. In 1995, the episode "Hitwoman" was nominated for Outstanding Individual Achievement in Sound Editing for a Series at the 47th Primetime Emmy Awards.
Plot
Winston MacBride (Jeff Fahey) is a family man and fugitive-chasing Deputy U.S. Marshal who has never let a criminal get away. By tracking and guarding criminals, he wanders all over the country, meeting different people along the way. The wisecracking MacBride relies largely on his quirky sense of humor and intellect to fulfill his duties.
Production
Development
The idea for the program came when producer Carole Myers and a former law enforcement officer obtained a formal letter from the U.S. Marshals Service in Washington, D.C. and Myers presented the idea for a series based on the Marshals to Paramount Television, the TV arm of Paramount Pictures. After gaining Paramount's interest, Myers, who was formerly a special projects producer and publicist for Miami Vice, presented the project to Don Johnson, the former star of Miami Vice who had a production company based at Paramount.
Originally, the production was to be a reality series in the same vein that Cops was for police. After the Waco siege, however, the plan was dropped and the concept reworked into a dramatic series on Myers' recommendation. Johnson realized that no television series had specifically targeted the U.S. Marshals, the nation's oldest law enforcement agency, dating back more than 200 years. ABC, which had a somewhat long and successful relationship with Paramount since the late 1960s, picked up the series for its 1994–1995 schedule.
Casting
Johnson chose Jeff Fahey to play the lead character, Deputy U.S. Marshal Winston MacBride. Fahey had been a friend of Johnson's for years and guest-starred in the Miami Vice third season premiere "When Irish Eyes Are Crying". This casting was considered particularly crucial since MacBride would have no sidekick or other regular supporting characters to interact with. Not since The Fugitive had a crime drama focused so tightly on a single character. Guest stars were a regular part of the program's formula; the episode "Bounty Hunter", directed by Johnson, featured his former Miami Vice castmate John Diehl as a fugitive serial killer.
Filming
Due to the low shooting expense, The Marshal was filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia and Calgary, Alberta which would double as "Anytown, U.S.A."; due to the manhunt nature of the series, they would serve as a variety of cities. The show cost $1.5 million per episode which, rather than going to high salaries, went "directly onto the screen, making The Marshal look much more like a movie than a TV series".
Episodes
Season 1 (1995)
Season 2 (1995)
Broadcast
The Marshal debuted on Tuesday, January 31, 1995, as a midseason replacement. It then aired regularly on Saturdays opposite CBS' Walker, Texas Ranger and performed well enough in the ratings to be the only new ABC show to be renewed for the fall.
For its second season, ABC gave The Marshal a critical slot on its schedule. Leading off the network's Monday night lineup at 8:00 p.m., the series was to serve as the lead-in program for Monday Night Football; ABC had previously enjoyed moderate success with MacGyver on Monday night, with the show running there for six years.
The Marshal was also entering a much more competitive hour; CBS and NBC at the time aired successful situation comedy blocks on Mondays while Fox countered with the popular drama Melrose Place. Despite ABC's efforts, the ratings never rose to a satisfactory level for the network and The Marshal was cancelled, with the series coming to an end on Christmas Night just before the final Monday night game of the football season. The abbreviated season aired in reruns during the following summer.
Critical reception
Todd Everett gave a mediocre review of the series pilot and expected the series to "fade quickly from public consciousness". He also noted one humorous reference but described it as "fleeting" and expressed that the series could benefit from more of such humor. Everett added that "Fahey could turn into an appealing lead if given more opportunity to loosen up."
However, having seen multiple episodes, Ken Trucker of Entertainment Weekly gave the series a B+ and encouraged TV viewers to watch it. He noted that despite the "perfectly suited" Fahey's handsome looks, MacBride's best quality is his "air of fallibility" which offers an eccentric spoofing of the macho, heroic archetype. Trucker summed by stating: "At once true to action-show rules and properly parodic about the role of good guys in the late 20th century, The Marshal is an underrated pleasure."
David Kronke of the Los Angeles Times titled his review, Marshal' Shows Promise With Smart, Arresting Wit".
When the series was renewed for a second season, on May 29, 1995, John J. O'Connor of The New York Times wrote, The Marshal' is joining a select group of television series. The ABC show, which began with a "preview" in late January, is one of the few that have been renewed for next season. Furthermore, although its ratings were hardly sensational, 'The Marshall' is going into the strong 8 p.m. time slot just before 'Monday Night Football.' Meanwhile, the original run is being repeated on Mondays, beginning tonight."
When ABC canceled the show, Entertainment Weekly wrote in their Best and Worst 1995 article, "Best 'Melrose Place' Alternative The Marshal (ABC): On Mondays, this now-canceled Jeff Fahey actioner was funnier and more exciting than Melrose. All this and music by Van Dyke Parks, one of the year's more discreet pop secrets."
References
External links
1995 American television series debuts
1995 American television series endings
American Broadcasting Company original programming
1990s American crime drama television series
Television series by CBS Studios
United States Marshals Service in fiction
Television shows filmed in Vancouver
Kenneth J. Fasching-Varner (born August 22, 1979) formerly the Shirley B. Barton Endowed Associate Professor of Education at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge, Louisiana is now Professor of Education at University of Nevada, Las Vegas whose ideas contribute to education and social reform. Fasching-Varner has proposed a non-developmental theory of white racial identity offering a direct counterpoint to the developmental theories of racial identity. He, along with colleagues Christine Clark and Mark Brimhall-Vargas, have written about the occupation of the academy in higher education to discuss the treatment of diversity in higher education during the Obama era. The edited volume has received praise, being awarded the Duke University Office of Inclusion and Equity's December 2012 book of the month. The volume has also received critique from the neo-conservative Manhattan group, citing that the book does not account for fiscal needs when advocating for diversity.
Fasching-Varner has over 80 published articles, books, and book chapters, and has contributed to academic discourse through presentations at academic conferences at international, national, and local contexts.
Early life
Fasching-Varner grew up in Rochester, New York, and attended public schools from K–8. Fasching-Varner had the experience of being taught in K–8 by a significant number of Black female educators, whose teaching style and activism made a significant impact on his own teaching. Fasching-Varner was influenced significantly by negative community narratives about the value of urban inner-city students, of which he was one, and has published about the disconnect between teacher identities and student identities and the contribution of negative perspectives to community narratives about students from underrepresented groups.
Free and reduced pedagogy concept
Fasching-Varner, along with colleague Vanessa Dodo-Seriki, has advanced a critique of under-engaged teaching called "free and reduced pedagogy". Fasching-Varner and Dodo-Seriki discuss free and reduced pedagogy as a non-people first style of teaching that reduces, through a teacher's discourse, the value of the student and the teacher's ability to teach the student based on non-controllable demographics. In his own work, Fasching-Vanrer has found that teachers in high-needs areas tend to look across areas of difference as a means of dismissing a student's potential, and has often found students being referred to as "free and reduced lunch students", helping in coining the term "free and reduced pedagogy".
Culturally responsive pedagogy
Working in the traditions of Gloria Ladson-Billings Fasching-Varner's work reflects and engagement with and interest in culturally relevant perspectives and approaches to education. Fasching-Varner has published in the area of culturally relevant pedagogy Fasching-Varner's book publication "Working Through Whiteness" attempts to, in part, understand how teacher narratives reveal preventative gaps from achieving culturally relevant pedagogy.
Critical race theory and white racial identity
Fasching-Varner has an active research agenda centered in critical race theory. While studying with theorist Adrienne Dixson at Ohio State University, Fasching-Varner developed an interest in critical race theory with an emphasis and focus on the manifestation of white racial identity in the narratives of pre-service teachers. Fasching-Varner's work links considerations of critical race theory and culturally responsive pedagogy, with an emphasis on the property value of whiteness. Fasching-Varner has proposed a non-developmental model for racial identity which provides a radically different approach from that proposed by Janet Helms, long considered the authority in white racial identity development. Fasching-Varner's work has received praise from several leading authorities in the fields of multiculturalism, whiteness studies, and culturally relevant teaching. Kevin Kumashiro, president of the National Association of Multicultural Educators, suggests that Fasching-Varner has written an "important new book" in this field. Elaine Richardson, professor of language and literacy at The Ohio State University, encourages people to "read this book. [to] be inspired and informed". A leading authority in culturally responsive teaching, Geneva Gay says of Fasching-Varner's work that "This is a must-read for White prospective and practicing teachers, as well as teacher educators. Finally, Tim Wise, author of White Like Me: Reflections on Race from a Privileged Son, says of Fasching-Varner's work that "All pre-service teachers should read it, as should anyone who cares about the creation of educational equity in the United States".
School-to-prison and neoliberal critique
Around 2014 Fasching-Varner extended his work to include economic analysis of schools, education, and the prison industrial complexes. Fasching-Varner has extended ideas from critical race theory, particularly racial realism, to work toward explaining the persistent nexus between schools and prisons, articulating that the connection is a natural consequence of neo-liberal economic orientations and policies in the United States. Fasching-Varner has also provided an explicit look at how prisons in Louisiana, namely the Angola prison, operate as modern-day slave plantations and along with schools serve as the misery industries of Louisiana
Glocality
Fasching-Varner began a cultural exchange in 2004 with partner schools in Chile. Through this work he has developed over 250 US pre-service and in-service teachers to develop culturally sustaining practices through this unique partnership where US participants live with host families where only 12-18 year old children speak both English and Spanish while pairing the teachers with a Chilean partner teacher from the host school. Through this endeavor Fasching-Varner has bridged glocality as a concept to the field of education.
Publications
Authored Books
Hayes, C., Fasching-Varner, K. J., Eisworth, H., White-Smith, K. (2018). Through the fire: From intake to credential; teacher candidates share their experiences through narrative. Leiden, NL: Brill.
Martin, L. L., Fasching-Varner, K. J., Hartlep, N. D. (2017). Pay to play: Race and the perils of the college sports industrial complex. Westport, CT: Praeger.
Fasching-Varner, K. J. (2012). Working through whiteness: Examining white racial identity and profession with pre-service teachers. Lanham, MD: Lexington Press.
Edited Books
Fasching-Varner, K. J., Bickmore, S.T., Hays, D. G., Schrader, P.G., Anagostopoulos, D. (Eds.). (2021). The
Corona chronicles: Necessary narratives in uncertain times. Volume 1. New York, NY: DIO Press.
Fasching-Varner, K. J., Tobin, K., Lentz, S. (Eds.) (2018). #BRokenPromises, Black deaths, and blue ribbons: Understanding, complicating, and transcending police-community violence. Leiden, NL: Brill.
Clark, C.E., Vandehei, A., Fasching-Varner, K. J., & Haddad, Z. M. (Eds). (2018). Multicultural curriculum transformation in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. Lanham, MD: Lexington.
Martin, L. L., Fasching-Varner, K. J., Hayward, H. (Eds.) (2017). Race, population studies, and America's public schools: A critical demography perspective of racial and educational inequity. Lanham, MD: Lexington Press.
Fasching-Varner, K. J., Martin, L. L., Mitchell, R. W., Daneshzadeh, A. (Eds.) (2017). Understanding, dismantling, and disrupting the prison-to-school pipeline. Lanham, MD: Lexington Press.
Martin, L. L., Hayward, H., Fasching-Varner, K. J. (Eds.) (2016). After the storm: Militarization, occupation, and segregation in post-Katrina America. Westport, CT: Praeger.
Fasching-Varner, K. J., Hartlep, N. D., Martin, L. L., Hayes, C., Mitchell, R. W., & *Allen-Mitchell, C. A. (Eds.). (2015). The assault on communities of color: Exploring the realities of race-based violence. Lanham, MD: Rowman and Littlefield.
Fasching-Varner, K. J., Albert, K. A., Mitchell, R. W., & *Allen, C.A. (Eds.) (2015). Racial battle fatigue in higher education: Exposing the myth of post-racial America. Lanham, MD: Rowman and Littlefield.
Fasching-Varner, K. J., Reynolds, R., Albert, K.A., & Martin, L. L. (Eds.) (2014). Trayvon Martin, race, and "American justice:" Writing wrong. Rotterdam, NL: Sense Publishers.
Fasching-Varner, K. J., Eisworth, H. B., Mencer, T. H, *Cho, D. R., Murray, M. C., & *Morton, B. C. (Eds.). (2013). Student teaching: A journey in narrative. Rotterdam, NL: Sense Publishers.
Clark, C. E., Fasching-Varner, K. J., & Brimhall-Vargas, M. (Eds.). (2012). Occupying the academy: Just how important is diversity work in higher education? Lanham, MD: Rowman and Littlefield.
Peer-reviewed articles
Fasching-Varner, K. J., Desmarchelier, R., Gerlach, D., Wiens, P., Schrader, P. G., Down, B., *Stewart, L., *Stone, M. P., Bagnall, N., Lüke, M. (2020). Thinking and acting across ponds: Glocalized* intersections of trepidation, neoliberalism, and possibilities for 21st century teacher education. International Dialogues on Teaching, 7(1), 113-127.
Fasching-Varner, K. J., *Stone, M. P., Mora Mella, R., Olave Henriques, F., Yacoman Palma, M. (2019). “…4542 miles from home…:” Repositioning English language learners as power brokers and teachers as learners in the study abroad context. Education Sciences, 9(146), 1-13.
Fasching-Varner, K. J., Denny, R. K., *Stewart, L. M, *Stone, M. P., *Albornoz, C. F., Mora, R., Olave, F., Yacoman, M., *Yang, S., & Denny, M. (2018). Love in a “glocal” world: Living and learning to teach through study abroad. Multicultural Perspectives, 20(3), 135-147.
Green, D., *Pulley, T., *Jackson, M., Martin, L. L., & Fasching-Varner, K. J. (2018). Mapping the margins and searching for higher ground: Examining the marginalization of black female graduate students at PWIs. Gender and Education, 30(3), 295-309. [print].
Martin, L. L., & Fasching-Varner, K. J. (2017). Race, residential segregation, and the death of democracy: Education and the myth of post-racialism. Democracy and Education, 25(1), 1-10.
Jackson, M., *Green, D., Martin, L. L., & Fasching-Varner, K. J. (2016). Band-aids don't fix bullet holes: A response to “We were there too.” Democracy and Education, 24(2), 1-10.
Green, D., *Pulley, T., *Jackson, M., Martin, L. L., & Fasching-Varner, K. J. (2016). Mapping the margins and searching for higher ground: Examining the marginalization of Black female graduate students at PWIs. Gender and Education, 28(6), 1-15.
Seriki, V.D., Brown, C. T., & Fasching-Varner, K. J. (2015). The permanence of racism in teacher education. Teachers College Record, 117(14), 74-102.
Hayes, C. & Fasching-Varner, K. J. (2015). Racism 2.0 and the death of social and cultural foundations of education: A critical conversation. Journal of Educational Foundations, 28(1), 113-130.
Fasching-Varner, K. J., Mitchell, R. W., Martin, L. L., & Bennett-Haron, K. P. (2014). Beyond school-to prison pipeline and toward an educational and penal realism. Equity and Excellence in Education, 47(4), 5-24.
Martin, L. L., Fasching-Varner, K., Quinn, M., & *Jackson, M. (2014). Racism, rodeos, and the misery industries of Louisiana. Journal of Pan African Studies, 7(6), 60-83.
Fasching-Varner, K. J. (2014). “Uhh you know,” don't you?: White racial bonding in the narratives of white pre-service teachers. The Journal of Educational Foundations, 27(3/4), 21-41.
Lanuax, C., *Vice, K., & Fasching-Varner, K. J. (2014). Center learning in a first-grade classroom. Networks: An Online Journal for Teacher Research, 16(1), 1-10.
Fasching-Varner, K. J., & Mitchell, R. W. (2013). Capturing the moment to debunk the crisis. Journal of Curriculum and Pedagogy, 10(2), 124-127.
Fasching-Varner, K. J., & *Bible, C. (2012). What it means to mentor: One student's non-traditional story. Insight: A Think College Brief on Policy, Research, & Practice, 11(1), 1-4.
Fasching-Varner, K., & Dodo-Seriki, V. (2012). Moving beyond seeing with our eyes wide shut: A response to “There is no culturally responsive teaching spoken here.” Democracy and Education, 20(1), 1-6.
Rome, M., *Ruiz, M. A., & Fasching-Varner, K. J. (2012). On the road to engagement: Teacher action research and student literacy engagement in socially responsible social studies instruction. Literacy and Social Responsibility, 5, 79-105.
Fasching-Varner, K. J. (2009). No! The team ain't alright!: The institutional and individual problematics of race. Social Identities: Journal for the Study of Race, Nation, and Culture, 15, 811-829.
Fasching-Varner, K. J. (2006). Pedagogy of respect: The inter-generational influence of Black women. Midwestern Educational Researcher, 19(2), 28-35.
References
1979 births
Living people
The women's 20 kilometres walk event at the 2010 Asian Games was held in Aoti Main Stadium, Guangzhou, China on 23 November.
Schedule
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+08:00)
Records
Results
References
Results
Athletics at the 2010 Asian Games
2010
Sir David Falconer of Newton (1640Edinburgh, Midlothian, 15 December 1685) was a Scottish judge.
Biography
He was the second son of Sir David Falconer of Glenfarquhar, one of the Commissaries of Edinburgh, and the former Margaret Hepburn, and younger brother of Sir Alexander Falconer of Glenfarquhar. His paternal grandfather was a brother of Sir Alexander Falconer, the 1st Lord Falconer of Halkerton.
He studied Law under his father, and having passed advocate on 3 July 1661, was afterwards appointed one of the commissaries of Edinburgh, and was knighted. On 24 May 1676, he was nominated a Lord of Session, and on 2 March 1678, was admitted a Lord of Justiciary. On 5 June 1682, he was appointed Lord President of the Court of Session, and in the parliament of 1685 he represented the County of Forfar. He was elected a Lord of the Articles, and a member of three commissions then appointed; one for trade, another for the plantation of kirks, and a third for the regulation of inferior judicatories.
Falconer collected the decisions of the Court of Session from November 1681 to 9 December 1685, when he ceased to sit in court. They were published in 1705 by John Spottiswood.
He died at Edinburgh, after a short illness, on 15 December 1685, and was buried in Greyfriars Kirkyard, where a monument was erected to his memory. The monument stands on the outer north-east corner of the church.
Sir Alexander, second baronet and fourth lord, died without issue, 17th March 1727, when the baronetcy is presumed to have become extinct. By his wife Anne, (only child of John, 9th Lord Lindsay of the Byres) he had a daughter Agnes (She married George Ogilvy, 2nd Lord Banff).
The title of 5th Lord Falconer of Halkertoun devolved on David Falconer
A son named Alexander. His daughter, Catherine Falconer, married Joseph Home of Chirnside in the County of Berwick, an advocate of Ninewells, and was the mother of David Hume the philosopher and historian.
References
The Scottish Nation, or the Surnames, Families, Literature, Honours and Biographical History of The People of Scotland, William Anderson, 1863
1640 births
1685 deaths
Senators of the College of Justice
Lords President of the Court of Session
Place of birth missing
Date of birth unknown
Shire Commissioners to the Parliament of Scotland
Members of the Parliament of Scotland 1685–1686
Burials at Greyfriars Kirkyard
Luis Bordón (1926-2006) was a musician and composer of Paraguay and interpreter of the Paraguayan harp.
Childhood and Youth
Luis Bordón was born in the city of Guarambaré Central Department, Paraguay on August 19, 1926, and from a very early age he was fanatical with the art of musical performance, supported and promoted by his father.
He began his studies with the Paraguayan harp and soon after his virtuosity made him play it like few others, imposing a delicate and particular style that it was "impossible to be imitated by anyone," according to comments from people who heard him play.
Since 1950 and for several years he joined the orchestra of Julián Rejala, Paraguayan folk music band, which conducted tours around the country and then to the neighboring country of Brazil, highlighting their participation in the group as the most celebrated musician and asked for in each of their presentations.
Interpreter of the Paraguayan harp, along with his colleagues Félix Pérez Cardozo, Digno García, Albino Quiñónez, Cristino Báez Monges and others. He settled with his art for a long time in Brazil where he developed most of his career, being considered in the decades of the '70s and '80s as an artist of greater success in presentations and record sales throughout Brazil. In the neighboring country, he recorded 34 albums, won 8 gold discs, broadcast compositions for Paraguayan harp and popularized the instrument's repertoire which expanded to all kinds of music.
His compositions have won widespread popularity and are constantly played at various points of the globe. 'Indian Harp" was the name this instrument (harp) received because it was played by several national interpreters. But with the arrival of Luis Bordón, who made other sounds achievements applying innovative techniques, it was definitely renamed to Paraguayan harp.
Luis Bordón was an incomparable stylist of Paraguayan harp, and therefore, he now appears as one of the greatest soloists in the entire history of this instrument to the ears of anyone who listens.
Artistic career
He's following dissociated from the band to further improve his technique as a soloist.
He entered the field of recording records in 1959, when he produced his first job in LP, called "Paraguayan harp in Hi Fi" (Paraguayan harp in High Fidelity). This material very soon became an international success, even achieving that the instrument's name of Indian harp was changed to Paraguayan harp. The success was such that it led to him launching other discs, successively, adding so far 32 volumes, not taking into account the countless discs recorded on 78 and 45 rotations.
Throughout his career developed in Brazil he recorded about 34 discs of long length, which had spread and reached around the world and lovers of Paraguayan harp have included them in their private collections as high artistic value materials.
His activity as a composer and performer of the Paraguayan harp continued until his last days and recorded 14 more discs, CDs, with works that are important parts of the Paraguayan history of music, specially composed for this unique instrument, so cherished to affections and tastes of all Paraguayans.
The success achieved with their work record has made him creditor of several awards, including eight gold discs that decorated the home shelves of this Paraguayan citizen, whose interpretations, throughout his long career, have traveled the world several times, carrying the message of fraternal harmony and beauty, Paraguay messages in conjunction with the universal music.
Awards
The following decorations reflect his artistic career:
Ministry of Public Work and Communications of Paraguay.
Sesquicentenary of the Military Police of São Paulo Brazil.
Gold Key City Texas, United States.
And medal "Semper Altima," U.S. Army's Fort Hood.
He won 18 artistic trophies throughout Brazil and the United States as well as being honored with the degree of "Commentator" by the State Governor of São Paulo, for having met with numerous cultural programmes.
In 2001 UNESCO gave him the medal Orbis Guaraniticus, coined in the house of Monagas Paris, specially designed for the personalities of art and culture, plus many other prizes.
His discs were launched at special events held in Brazil, USA, France, Spain, Portugal, Netherlands, Japan, Venezuela Argentina, Mexico, Colombia, and other countries.
He settled for 3 years in the United States, with a special visa granted by the government of that country to whom he demonstrated an extraordinary talent in the field where he flourished. He was special guest of a famous Japanese airline to make presentations in the land of the rising sun, and in the Netherlands he was specially convened to interpret his Paraguayan harp at the inauguration of a television channel.
In Paraguay
He returned to his homeland and continued dedicating to the career that he loved: the composition and interpretation of the Paraguayan harp. He made very applauded duet with his son Luis Bordón Junior, who accompanied him with the guitar, the ideal complement to harp executions of both native and international repertoire.
Luis Bordón earned a prominent place in the history of Paraguayan music, for the quality of his compositions and for the warmth of an exceptional human and an eminent interpreter of Paraguayan harp.
Recent history
In February 2006, he received a tribute-and at that time he expressed his desire to conduct a large harp concert. This desire was cut short, but the unmistakable sound of his harp will continue to ring throughout the world.
He died in 2006 at the age of 80.
Works
Most popular songs
Some of his most popular songs include:
Despertar nativo.
Caballito andador.
Canto de pajarito.
Danza seductora.
Lamento indio.
Arpa paraguaya.
La voz del viento.
Leny.
Sonrisa hechicera.
La fiesta de la selva.
El arpa y la danza de mi tierra.
Anivena upeicha Yoly.
El diálogo del guyraû con el caballo, varias de ellas con Oscar Safuán.
Gold records
Some of the albums that gave Luis Bordón eight Gold Records:
A Harpa e a Cristandade
Arpa Paraguaya en Hi-Fi
Recordando carnavales ( 02 volúmenes)
Sucesos sanjuaninos
El arpa paraguaya y la cristiandad
Bordón tropical
Tango para ti
Luís bordón y su arpa paraguaya
Noches del Paraguay
Paraguay 80
Bibliography
Sound of my Earth.
References
1926 births
2006 deaths
People from Guarambaré
Paraguayan composers
Male composers
Paraguayan harpists
20th-century male musicians
Made by Fujifilm, the MX-2900 was an early consumer level digital camera with a 2.3 megapixel CCD sensor and Optical resolution up to 1800 x 1200 pixels. As with all technology, the MX-2900 was surpassed by newer, faster and higher resolution digital cameras and is a now an obsolete model no longer in production.
External links
photographyreview.com
Fujifilm digital cameras
ITBS may stand for:
Iliotibial band syndrome – a common knee injury generally associated with running
Iowa Tests of Basic Skills – a set of standardized tests given annually to school students in the United States
See also
ITB (disambiguation)
Panitheeratha Veedu (, Translation: The Incomplete House) is a 1973 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan. The film stars Prem Nazir, Nanditha Bose, Roja Ramani and Jose Prakash. The film had musical score and songs composed by M. S. Viswanathan. It is an adaptation of Parappurath's 1964 novel of the same name. It won the Kerala State Film Awards for Best Film, Best Direction, Best Story and Best Singer (Jayachandran). It also won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam & also won two Filmfare Awards South. The film mostly received positive reviews.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Jose
Nanditha Bose as Rachel (dubbed by KPAC Lalitha)
Shobhana (Roja Ramani) as Leela
Jose Prakash as Hari's Father
Prem Prakash as Hari
Sam
Abbas as Muthalaali
Adoor Pankajam as Rosi
Alummoodan as Vasu
Baby Sumathi as Roshni
Bahadoor as Moideen Kakka/Hameed
E. Madhavan
Junior Sheelaas Jose's Sister
N. Govindankutty as Thankayyan
P. O. Thomas
Philomina as Jose's Mother
S. P. Pillai as Jose's Father
Saraswathi as Sarasu
V. Govindankutty
Veeran as Kunjikkannan
Prema as Sister
Raveendran
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Viswanathan with lyrics by Vayalar Ramavarma.
Awards
Filmfare Awards South - 1973
Best Film - Malayalam - K.S.R Murthy
Best Director - Malayalam - K. S. Sethumadhavan
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films based on Indian novels
Films scored by M. S. Viswanathan
Films directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan
Best Malayalam Feature Film National Film Award winners
Stefan Edberg was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
John McEnroe won the tournament, beating Anders Järryd in the final, 6–4, 6–1.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
Main draw
Milan Indoor
1985 Grand Prix (tennis)
Milan
Statistics of Kuwaiti Premier League in the 1975–76 season.
Overview
Al Qadisiya Kuwait won the championship.
References
RSSSF
1975–76
1975–76 in Asian association football leagues
football
Yazıören is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 280 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Shyngyrlau (, ) is a district of West Kazakhstan Region in western Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Shyngyrlau. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
West Kazakhstan Region
Rakovski ( ) is a town in southern Bulgaria, in the historical region of Thrace. It is located in the Plovdiv Province. The town is also the centre of the Rakovski Municipality. Rakovski was founded in 1966 with the merging of three villages — General Nikolaevo, Sekirovo and Parchevich. The new town was named after the prominent Bulgarian revolutionary Georgi Sava Rakovski.
Geography and Climate
The town is located in the western part of the Upper Thracian Lowland, at 25 km to the northeast of Bulgaria's second largest city Plovdiv, and has an area of 5,50 km2. Rakovski is located in a transitional continental climatic zone south of Stara Planina. The summers are hot and dry and the winters are mild, with snow remaining for about a month.
History
Traces of human population in the area date back since the Chalcolithic. There are remains of an ancient settlement and a Roman road at 2 km to the southeast of the town.
The area was settled by Paulicians in the Middle Ages, who served as frontier guards and heavily armed infantry in the battles between the Byzantine Empire and Bulgaria between the 9th and the 14th century. Most of them fled to Nikopol on the Danube, the Second Bulgarian Empire's last stronghold, after fierce fights with the Ottomans in the end of the 14th century. There they accepted Roman Catholicism from Chiprovtsi missionaries and gradually returned to their native places. The different confession did not, however, affect the local residents' patriotic feelings, as many took part in the Bulgarian National Revival.
Information about the three villages (now neighborhoods) that formed the town of Rakovski in 1966 can be found in several Ottoman tax registers. General Nikolaevo is mentioned as Kalıçla sarı and Sarı Kalıçla in 1488 and 1576, Sekirovo is denoted as Baltacilar in 1576 and Parchevich is counted under the name Ali Fakıh.
Religion
Rakovski is by far the largest predominantly Roman Catholic town in Bulgaria, with the vast majority of the population professing Roman Catholicism. There are Roman Catholic churches in all three neighborhoods, those in General Nikolaevo (built 1929) and Sekirovo serving as parish churches and being known as two of the largest Roman Catholic places of worship in this largely Eastern Orthodox part of the Balkans. Rakovski is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sofia and Plovdiv.
A nunnery and a monastery are located in the town, the former being a Franciscan one dedicated to the Sacred Heart and the latter to Polish martyr Maximilian Kolbe.
The Catholic Church of the 'Sacred Heart' in Rakovski is the largest in the Balkans. It was built in 1928 after the Chirpan earthquake that left it in ruins.
Culture
There are eight chitalishta in the Rakovski Municipality and two of them are in the town of Rakovski — chitalishte Saints Cyril and Methodius and Prosveta.
In 2003 the chitalishte Saint Cyril and Methodius was approved for receiving money for the project Chitalishta. With the help of this project an educational centre for disabled people was created in it. The chitalishte participates in a project of exchanging of library experience, financed by the American department. In 2006 it became a participant in a project of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences and the University of Bologna named - Tourism School which is a part of the grand Cultural tourism and intercultural environment project. The chitalishte is a co-organiser in the preparation and organization of the festival Kukove.
Traditions
Rakovski hosts the annual international festival called Kukove. The performers wear masks and dress as Kukeri. The festival is the biggest cultural event of this kind in the region. The participants are not only from Bulgaria but also from Greece, Serbia, Ireland, Romania and North Macedonia.
The annual holiday of the wine - Vinaria-Trifon Zarezan is a tradition for the Rakovski Municipality. Another festival is held in the village of Belozem. It is called The festival of the White Stork and takes place annually in the beginning of May. In 2005 Belozem was named A European village of the white stork by the Foundation of the European Natural Heritage.
The Municipality of Rakovski is also a member of the Foundation of the European Carnival Cities — FECC.
Sport
For the first time in 2002 the town of Rakovski hosted The International Football Tournament for Children - United by Football. The organizers of this event were the Municipality of Rakovski, The Professional Football League, the Eparchy of Sacred Heart, the Eparchy of Saint Archangel Mihail, and the monastery Saint Maximilian Kolbe. The teams of many European countries have participated in this tournament so far, for example Poland, Croatia, Italy (AC Milan), Spain, England, Malta, Germany, Romania, Turkey (Beşiktaş, Fenerbahçe). The Bulgarian teams of Levski, Litex, Lokomotiv Plovdiv, Botev Plovdiv, Naftex Burgas and others have also participated. The local football club Rakovski has played in republican championships for children and youths in 2002 in Italy and Germany, in 2003 in Italy and Malta, in 2004, 2006, 2007 in Italy. The club has also been a host for teams from Germany and Japan. There are four other amateur football clubs in the Municipality that play in the tournaments of Plovdiv Province.
Economy
Industry is of a significant importance for the economy of Rakovski Municipality. The main industries include chemicals production, textiles, and food and beverage processing.
Agriculture
Rakovski Municipality has traditions of developed and highly productive agriculture. The mild climate and the fertile soil are the main reasons for growing wheat, sunflower, maize, different vegetables, and fruits.
There is a game-breeding enterprise near the village of Stryama called Chekeritsa. It has several bird species, deer, and hares. The enterprise has favorable conditions for ecotourism and photo-hunting.
Rakovski Industrial Zone
The Rakovski Industrial Zone was the first of its kind in Bulgaria. In operation since July 2004, the zone attracts investors with competitive incentives for doing business and opportunities for immediate start of production. The land that is given to the investors is with a changed statute and is licensed and ready for industrial construction.
The industrial zone is located in the land of Stryama village and spans 815 decares (81.5 hectares). The zone is situated 14 km from the center of the province, the city of Plovdiv, and only 8 km from the Trakiya motorway.
The first investor was British company William Hughes Ltd., manufacturing springs for the automotive industry. By the beginning of 2006, 14 additional companies had set up operations in the zone, including German hypermarket chain operator Kaufland and building components manufacturer Prefabbricati Cividini S.p.A. of Italy.
International relations
Twin towns — Sister cities
Rakovski is twinned with:
Strumica, North Macedonia (2009)
External links
Rakovski municipality website
General Nikolaevo church website
References
Rakovski (town)
The Realm of the Rye may refer to:
The Realm of the Rye (1929 film), Swedish silent film
The Realm of the Rye (1950 film), Swedish film
Ulli Lust (born 1967 in Vienna) is an Austrian cartoonist who lives and works in Berlin.
Her graphic novel Today is the Last Day of the Rest of Your Life was translated into English and published by Fantagraphics Books in 2013. In 2013, Today is the Last Day of the Rest of Your Life won an Ignatz Award for best graphic novel, the LA Times Book Award for Graphic Novels and then in 2014 was nominated for an Eisner Award for Best Reality-Based Work.
In 2013, Lust also published an adaptation of Marcel Beyer's 1995 novel, Flughunde, which presents a fictional account of Helga Goebbels, the daughter of German World War II minister of propaganda Joseph Goebbels. This was published in English as Voices in the Dark.
Many of the books of Lust are published in German, Dutch, French, Swedish, Italian, Spanish and English. She holds a professorship at the University of Applied Sciences and Arts in Hannover, Germany, and holds lectures and workshops internationally and on digital channels.
Works
Fashionvictims, Trendverächter: Bildkolumnen und Minireportagen aus Berlin, Suhrkamp Verlag, 2008.
Heute ist der letzte Tag vom Rest deines Lebens, avant-verlag, 2009. (English translation, Today is the Last Day of the Rest of Your Life, 2013, Fantagraphics Books)
Voices in the Dark, New York Review Comics, 2017
How I Tried to Be a Good Person, Fantagraphics Books, 2019
References
Living people
1967 births
Austrian comics artists
Austrian female comics artists
Werner Hullen (17 October 1927 – 13 April 2008) was a German lexicographer.
Life
He was born on 17 October 1927.
He died on 13 April 2008.
Career
He received his PhD from the University of Cologne.
He then worked as a grammar school teacher.
He finally became an applied linguist at the universities of Trier and Essen.
Bibliography
Some of his books are:
English And American Poetry
A History of Roget's Thesaurus: Origins, Development, and Design
Networks and Knowledge in Roget's Thesaurus
English Dictionaries 800-1700
Understanding the Lexicon: Meaning, Sense and World Knowledge in Lexical Semantics
Understanding Bilingualism
Collected papers on the history of linguistics ideas
References
External links
1927 births
2008 deaths
German lexicographers
University of Cologne alumni
20th-century lexicographers
Wooroloo Regional Park, formerly Chidlow Regional Park, is a conservation park near Chidlow in the Perth Hills, 40 kilometres north-east of Perth, Western Australia, located within the Shire of Mundaring.
Overview
Wooroloo, historically also spelled Worrilow and Warriloo, is an Aboriginal word of the Nyungar language, first recorded in 1841. A Noongar elder who was consulted during the renaming process translated Wooroloo as "come back again" or "you will return".
The regional park was renamed in 2008, alongside two other regional parks and three national parks in the area. Prior to 2008 Wooroloo, along with three other regional parks had, been part of the larger Darling Range Regional Park which had been formed in the 1990s.
Wooroloo is one of eleven regional parks in the Perth region of Western Australia. The purpose of these regional parks is to serve as urban havens to preserve and restore cultural heritage and valuable ecosystems as well as to encourage sustainable nature-based recreation activities.
Area
Wooroloo Regional Park consists of the following reserves:
References
External links
Parks and Wildlife Service: Wooroloo Regional Park
Parks in Perth, Western Australia
Regional parks in Western Australia
Shire of Mundaring
Darling Range
Noongar placenames
Charles-Dominique-Joseph Eisen (17 August 1720 – 4 January 1778) was a French painter and engraver.
Life
The son and pupil of Frans Eisen, he was born at Valenciennes. In 1741 he went to Paris, and in the following year entered the studio of Le Bas. His talent and his sparkling wit gained him admission to the court, where he became painter and draftsman to the King, and drawing-master to Madame de Pompadour. He afterwards fell into disgrace, and in 1777 retired to Brussels, where he died in poverty in 1778.
His paintings are not without merit, but it is as a designer of illustrations and vignettes for books that he is best known. The most notable of these are the designs for the Fermiers généraux edition of the Contes of La Fontaine, published at Amsterdam in 1762; Ovid's Metamorphoses, 1767–71; the Henriade of Voltaire, 1770; the Baisers of Dorat, 1770; and the Vies des Peintres hollandais et flamands of Descamps, published in 1751–63. He etched a few plates of the Virgin, a St. Jerome, St. Ely preaching, etc. There are pictures by him in the Museums of Bordeaux, Alençon, and Bourg, and even at Nordnorsk Kunstmuseum in Tromsø, Norway.
Gallery
References
1720 births
1778 deaths
18th-century French engravers
French illustrators
French erotic artists
Court painters
People from Valenciennes
Joe Creek is a tributary of the Arkansas River in Tulsa County, Oklahoma.
Local Protection Project
Construction began in March, 1978 and was completed in November, 1980. The lower portion of the project was built by a private developer. The project consists of 10,800 feet of channel improvement along Joe Creek, 300 feet along Little Joe Creek, 360 feet along South Fork Creek, and 1,200 feet along the east bank tributary. The 8,950 feet of improved channel upstream is concrete lined; the remainder of the channel has stone side slope protection. The flood of record occurred in October, 1959.
References
Rivers of Oklahoma
Tributaries of the Arkansas River
Rivers of Tulsa County, Oklahoma
The Windward Islands xeric scrub ecoregion (WWF ID: NT1317) covers the relatively small areas of the Windward Islands that receive low levels of precipitation. The dry areas of these islands are the low coastal areas that receive less precipitation. Because the dry scrub land is generally flat, near the coast, and not as obviously in need of conservation as the upland forests of the interior, they are more vulnerable to human settlement and development for agriculture.
Location and description
The ecoregion is represented mostly in the low coastal zones of Barbados, Dominica, and Martinique; also the northern tip of Saint Lucia and the southern shores of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. These islands are part of a volcanic arc, and the soils of the low coastal areas are mostly alluvial and ash, not the harder volcanic rocks of the mountainous areas.
Climate
The climate of the ecoregion is Tropical savanna climate - dry winter (Köppen climate classification (Aw)). This climate is characterized by relatively even temperatures throughout the year, and a pronounced dry season in the winter and spring. The driest month has less than 60 mm of precipitation, and is drier than the average month. Precipitation in the ecoregion ranges from 1,000 mm/year (Dominica) to 1,600 mm/year (Saint Vincent).
Flora and fauna
Common species of trees and shrubs are lancepots of genus Lonchocarpus (such as Lonchocarpus pentaphyllus, Pisonia fragrans, blackwood (Haematoxylon campechianum), Myrsia atrifolia, Chrysophyllum argenteum, flowering plants of genus Erythroxylum, Opuntia dilenii (type of prickly pear), and Royen's tree cactus (Pilosocereus royenii).
There are relatively few endemic species because of the small size of the dry areas. A significant threat to local fauna is posed by introduced species such as the mongoose (Urva auropunctata), feral cats, and rodents.
References
Neotropical ecoregions
Deserts and xeric shrublands
"Bustin' Loose (Part 1)" is a hit song for Chuck Brown & the Soul Searchers. Released from the album of the same name, it spent four weeks at the top of the R&B singles chart in early 1979 and peaked at number 34 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart.
Popular culture
"Bustin' Loose" has been played after every home run the Washington Nationals hit at Nationals Park since that stadium's opening in 2008 until the present, with the exception of the 2015 and 2016 seasons, when the Jessie J song "Bang Bang" was played.
It's been the victory song for the Washington Capitals and the Washington Wizards.
It can be heard on the 27th Treehouse of Horror episode of The Simpsons, during when Homer cannibalizes himself.
The Nelly song "Hot in Herre" contains an interpolation of "Bustin' Loose".
The song is featured in the video game Driver Parallel Lines.
In season 3 episode 1 of "The Deuce", the song can be heard in the final scene.
Aparece en el intro de la pelicula "The HoneyMooners", protagonizada por Cedric The Entertaiment.
References
1979 singles
1979 songs
Chuck Brown songs
Go-go songs
Cleave is the fifteenth studio album by the rock band Therapy?, and the first album to be released on new UK label Marshall Records, part of the Marshall Amplification company.
Background
Produced by Chris Sheldon, who previously produced Troublegum and Semi-Detached, it was released on 21 September 2018. Demo sessions for the album began at Blast Studios in Newcastle in late 2017. The album proper was recorded from 15 January to 8 February 2018 at Blast Studios.
Pre-orders of the album became available on 25 June 2018 through Pledge Music and included a signed CD, LP, coloured LP (limited edition of 500), white label test pressing LP (limited to 10), handwritten lyric sheets and an exclusive T-shirt.
A digital-only single called "Callow" was released on 25 May 2018. A promo video directed by Sitcom Soldiers was premiered a month later on 25 June 2018.
A second digital single called "Wreck It Is like Beckett" was released on 7 September 2018, accompanied by a lyric video.
A lyric video for the song "Success? Success Is Survival" was released on 8 August 2019.
Singles
"Callow" released 25 May 2018 as a digital-only single.
"Wreck It Like Beckett" released 7 September 2018 as a digital-only single.
Promo videos
"Callow" (directed by 'Sitcom Soldiers')
"Kakistocracy"
Early performances
An acoustic version of "Crutch" was debuted live by Andy Cairns at a session filmed for Audio Production Workshop in the UK on 17 April 2017. New song "Flashback Jack" was first played live at the Parkpop Festival in the Netherlands on 23 June 2017. "Expelled" (then called "Spat Out") was played live at a gig in Athens on 24 November 2017. "Callow" was debuted live at a gig in Milton Keynes on 5 March 2018 and has remained in the set since. "Wreck It Like Beckett" was played live at a gig in Aachen on 7 June 2018 and subsequent gigs.
Track listing
All lyrics by Andrew James Cairns.
Personnel
Therapy?
Andy Cairns – vocals, guitar
Neil Cooper – drums
Michael McKeegan – bass
Technical
Chris Sheldon – producer, engineer, mixer
Anthony Mills – assistant producer, engineer, mixer
Nigel Rolfe – artwork concept/photography
Tom Hoad – photography
Paul Burgess – design
Charts
References
External links
2018 albums
Therapy? albums
Albums produced by Chris Sheldon
The Independent School League (ISL) is composed of sixteen New England preparatory schools that compete athletically and academically. Founded in 1948, the ISL's sixteen members compete in eighteen sports in the New England Prep School Athletic Conference (NEPSAC). Notable to the league, they do not allow for schools to have postgraduate students compete in athletic competition, and consequently, many of the member institutions do not offer postgraduate programs. ISL schools are also not allowed to give athletic or academic based scholarships, and are only allowed to give need-based ones. The teams that make up the ISL are some of the highest rated schools in New England both academically and athletically.
History
Charter members of the Private School League were Belmont Hill, Brooks, Buckingham Browne & Nichols (BB&N), The Governor's Academy, Milton Academy, Noble & Greenough, St. Mark's, and Tabor. Like the Ivy League, the ISL began as a loose affiliation to promote football among academically rigorous, Northeastern schools; however, administrators formalized the league during 1948.
In 1968 Middlesex joined, and in 1972 Groton replaced Tabor – both private boarding schools in the Boston area.
In 1973 St. Sebastian's was added and in 1974 Roxbury Latin was added. The league changed its name to the 'Independent School League' in 1974.
St. Paul's, Lawrence Academy, The Rivers School and St. George's joined during the mid-1970s.
For 2017-2018, with the departure of St. Paul's School, a new addition to the Independent School League is Tabor Academy (Massachusetts), joining the league in 2017 after playing as a non-league competitor against several of the schools for many years, and being one of the original founding members.
Members
Reputation
ISL schools are noted for high tuition, wealthy students, academic excellence, superior college placement, athletics, and in many cases, storied histories. For example, the ISL features one of the United States' ten wealthiest boarding schools, Groton.
The ISL features two of the United States' ten oldest boarding schools, Governor's and Lawrence, and the oldest school in continuous existence in North America, Roxbury Latin.
The ISL also boasts the only day school to make the 2006 Forbes Most Expensive Private High Schools list: The Buckingham Browne and Nichols School.
Leadership
Each school's athletic program is run by an experienced and well-respected administrator, many of whom rose to their positions after successful coaching careers either at their present school or prior to their arrival.
Sports
Member schools compete in the following sports:
Baseball
Basketball
Crew
Cross-country
Field hockey
Football
Golf
Ice hockey
Lacrosse
Sailing
Skiing
Soccer
Softball
Squash
Swimming and diving
Tennis
Track and field
Volleyball
Wrestling
Football
The ISL is currently divided into two divisions - the ISL 7 and ISL 9. Below are the 2017 divisions.
In 2020, the football season was cancelled due to COVID-19 pandemic
In 2019, Milton Academy won the ISL Championship, going a perfect 8-0.
In 2018, St. Sebastian's, BBN & Belmont Hill shared the ISL Championship with 7-1 records.
In 2017, Lawrence Academy (ISL 7) and Brooks School (ISL 9) claimed the league championship and both teams went on to win their respective NEPSAC Bowl Games.
In 2016, Brooks won the ISL going 7-1 (4-0 in ISL 10) by defeating Lawrence Academy 20-0 in week 8 to clinch the title and a Bowl Game appearance.
In 2015, St. George's won the ISL Championship with an 8-0 record, and won their bowl game to complete an undefeated season at 9-0.
In 2014, Brooks, Governors Academy and Lawrence Academy shared the ISL title.
In 2013, Milton Academy and Governors Academy shared the ISL Championship and both teams went on to win their respective NEPSAC Bowl Games.
In 2012, St. Sebastian's and The Governor's Academy won the Independent School League both going undefeated (9-0), and winning their respective bowl games.
In 2011, Governors Academy won the Independent School League Championships.
Boys' Ice Hockey
The ISL is divided into two divisions for boys' ice hockey - the Keller Division and Eberhart Division
2018-19 Champions: Lawrence Academy (Keller) and The Rivers School (Eberhart)
In 2017, The Rivers School won the ISL Eberhart Division for the third time in four years (2013–14, 2015–16, 2016–17) and qualified for the New England Preparatory School Athletic Council Stuart/Corkery Open Tournament, becoming the first ISL Eberhart Division team to do so. Rivers defeated Belmont Hill School and Phillips Exeter Academy to reach the final, where they lost to Kimball Union Academy.In 2014-2015 and 2015-2016 season St. Marks School won the New England Prep Small School Championship, and in the 2014-2015 season Brooks School won the New England Prep Large School Championship. Both teams were from the Eberhart division on the ISL.
In 2011-2012 Lawrence Academy won the Independent School League Championship, as well as the NEPSAC championship defeating Nobles in the final round (3-2). In 2010-2011 Milton Academy went to win the Independent School League championship for ice hockey and then continued the success to win it all in the NEPSAC championship. In the 2009-2010 hockey season Nobles won the ISL championship. In the 2008-2009 hockey season Lawrence Academy won the ISL championships.
In 1988—then Governor Dummer Academy—won the Eberhart Division and the NEPSAC Div. II Championship defeating The Gunnery School. That win propelled GDA into the prestigious Keller Division where it has competed since 1988-89.
Of all the schools in the ISL, it is the newest, St. Sebastian's, that has had the most first round NHL draft picks (5). Their 5 picks are more than any high school in the US. Their most recent was in the 2015 NHL draft, when Noah Hannifin was drafted 5th overall to the Carolina Hurricanes.
Boys' Soccer
In 1948 eight local private schools banded together to form one of the first high school soccer leagues in the area. A number of the schools had been competing informally and a structured league was desirable. Full round robin play was not achieved until 1952 but has been a constant feature since that year. The original eight schools included Belmont Hill, Brooks, Browne & Nichols, Governor Dummer, Milton, Nobles, St. Mark's, and Tabor.
In 1948 a championship cup was procured and was named in honor of Richard Gummere, a longtime teacher and coach at both Browne & Nichols and Haverford College; the Gummere Cup is undoubtedly one of the oldest secondary school soccer trophies in the country. In 1968 Middlesex joined the group and in 1971 Roxbury Latin competed before joining permanently in 1974. 1972 saw Tabor leave the league and Groton join. That brought the league to ten schools where it remained until 1984.
The original Private School League had expanded during this time and had grown into the 16 school Independent School League. In order to include the six ISL schools not in Gummere Cup play at the time (Lawrence, Rivers, St. George's, St. Paul's, St. Sebastian's, and Thayer) the Athletic Directors created a separate ISL soccer league in 1980.
Because full round robin play was not possible at that time, North and South Divisions, each with eight schools, were established. A Championship Final was held on the Wednesday following the regular season.
Both the Gummere Cup and ISL competitions operated simultaneously from 1980 through 1983. Due to the ban on post season league-sponsored play no finals were held in 1982 and 1983. In 1984, a full round robin schedule was adopted and all sixteen schools began competing for the Gummere Cup. No league games were played nor championship conferred in the fall of 2020 because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
The ISL has a tradition of providing a high level of play in soccer, fielding many competitive teams each year and sending numerous athletes to various college programs across the country each year.
Girls' Soccer
Noble & Greenough have been the preeminent team in the ISL since 1981 and claimed the 2016 ISL Championship.
Boys' Lacrosse
ISL lacrosse has sent many players to top division one (D1) lacrosse universities, and has had numerous All-Americans.
Tennis
Boys ISL Champions: Groton School (15-0)
Girls ISL Champions: Milton Academy (15-0)
Girls' Ice Hockey
Many ISL schools participate in girls' ice hockey. The ISL has sent many women to D1 schools and to the Olympics. The 2018 champions were the Tabor Academy Seawolves (12-1).
Boys' Basketball
The Independent School League has produced some of the finest players in New England High School Basketball history in addition to being an incredibly deep and competitive league. Since 2000, ISL players have earned the Gatorade Massachusetts State Player of the Year award six times: Mike Jones (Thayer Academy, 2003), Richard Roby (Lawrence Academy, 2004), Stevie Mejia (Lawrence Academy, 2008), Nate Lubick (St. Mark's School, 2009 & 2010), and Azar Swain (The Rivers School, 2017).
Brooks School won its fifth consecutive ISL Championship in 2019 posting a perfect 15-0 record in league play for the fifth consecutive season. At the end of the 2018-19 season, Brooks' ISL winning streak sat at 84-straight victories while its overall winning streak was snapped by Hamden Hall in the first game of the season, ending a run of 66-straight victories.
The Rivers School won the ISL Championship in 2013-14, posting a perfect 15-0 record in league play.
Girls' Basketball
The 2018 and 2019 ISL champion was the undefeated (13-0 and 10-0) Tabor Academy basketball team. Prior to Tabor joining the league and earning their 2018 and 2019 championships, Noble & Greenough had won the previous 14 Independent School League Championships. (2004-2017)
Baseball
St. Sebastian's won back-to-back ISL Championships in 2017 and 2018. They previously had won the league title in 2007 and 1996.
The Governor's Academy claimed the 2016 ISL Championship with a 12-4 record.
In 2012, Belmont Hill won the ISL championship by beating BB&N 11-1.
In 2011, Lawrence Academy capped of an undefeated ISL season(16-0,18-2 Overall) by defeating Rivers 13-2 and winning the league title.
BB&N is the 2010 ISL champion after completing the first undefeated season (20-0) in school history.
Belmont HIll, Lawrence Academy, St. Sebastian's, Milton Academy, and Governor's Academy are also consistently at the top of the league.
Softball
BB&N won the ISL in 2018 by posting a perfect 10-0 record.
The Governor's Academy has dominated the ISL in recent years, claiming six championships in seven years between 2011 and 2017.
Brooks was the preeminent team in the ISL from 1999 through 2007, claiming seven championships in nine seasons.
Crew
Only a few ISL schools participate in crew, but among those include: Belmont Hill, BB&N, Brooks, Groton, Middlesex, Nobles, Thayer, and St. Mark's races eight-man boats, and does not compete with the other ISL schools in head-to-head regattas. The regular season ends with the NEIRA regatta, with the top two boats automatically entered into the National Championships in Cincinnati, Ohio. Almost every year, a New England boat wins the national title. Some perennially strong crews include BB&N, Groton, Middlesex, Nobles, and Brooks, but Belmont Hill has been the most dominant program of late, they have won eight consecutive New England Championships (2003–2010) and four National Championships (2003, 2006, 2007, 2010) with its first boat.
Golf
ISL schools which participate in golf: Belmont Hill, Brooks, BB&N, Governors, Lawrence, Middlesex, Milton, Nobles, Rivers, St. George's, St. Mark's, St. Sebastian's, Tabor, and Thayer.
The schools play match play and their season takes place in the spring as opposed to the fall (Most publics and Catholics play in the fall.) There is a league championship each year awarded by a point system and there also is a stroke play championship (The Kingman Cup) each year.
Wrestling
From the 90's to present, ISL wrestling has been dominated by Belmont Hill. The team has won the ISL Dual Meet 15 times; has won 15 Graves Kelsey (ISL) Championships and won New England Championships in 2007, 2009, 2016, 2018, and 2019.
References
High school sports conferences and leagues in the United States
Preparatory schools in the United States
Bus encoding refers to converting/encoding a piece of data to another form before launching on the bus. While bus encoding can be used to serve various purposes like reducing the number of pins, compressing the data to be transmitted, reducing cross-talk between bit lines, etc., it is one of the popular techniques used in system design to reduce dynamic power consumed by the system bus. Bus encoding aims to reduce the Hamming distance between 2 consecutive values on the bus. Since the activity is directly proportional to the Hamming distance, bus encoding proves to be effective in reducing the overall activity factor thereby reducing the dynamic power consumption in the system.
In the context of this article, a system can refer to anything where data is transferred from one element to another over bus (viz. System on a Chip (SoC), a computer system, an embedded system on board, etc.).
Motivation
Power consumption in electronic systems is a matter of concern today for the below reasons:
Battery-operated devices: Due to ubiquity of battery operated devices and the need to maximize the duration between two subsequent charging of the battery, it is necessary that the system consumes as less power (and energy) as possible.
Environmental constraints: In an attempt to protect the environment, we need to conserve the usable energy. Since the energy consumed by electronic systems is increasing drastically, minimizing the energy consumption of electronic systems is critical to save the environment.
Power dissipation: As per the Moore's law, semiconductor devices have been packing more and more transistors in smaller amount of area. This leads to higher power dissipation per unit area and makes packaging and thermal cooling system design complex and costly. Hence, low power electronic systems are needed to tackle this issue.
The dynamic power dissipated by an electronic circuit is directly proportional to the activity factor and the load capacitance as seen by the output of the logic gate. In case of a bus, the load capacitance is usually high since bus needs to be connected to multiple modules and routed longer and the activity factor is also high. Due to higher value of load capacitance and activity factor, in a typical system, bus power consumption can contribute up to 50% of the total power consumption. Bus encoding aims to reduce this power by reducing the amount of activity (number of toggles) in the bus lines. While the kind of bus encoding to be used for a particular system can be best determined when the target application and environmental constraints about the system are known apriori, described below are some bus encoding techniques which can help reduce bus power for most systems.
Hence bus encoding is important for any electronic system design.
Examples of bus encoding to achieve low power
Following are some of the implementations to use bus encoding for reducing dynamic power consumption in different scenarios:
Gray encoding: The address lines of a bus in most of the computing systems increase in consecutive numerical values due to spatial locality. If we use regular binary coding for the bus, we are not assured of minimal Hamming distance between 2 consecutive addresses. Using Gray codes for encoding the address lines will lead to a Hamming distance of 1 between any 2 consecutive address bus values (as long as spatial locality holds). There are variations to this scheme named Shifted Gray encoding to reduce the delay overhead.
Sequential addressing or T0 codes: In case of address bus, due to spatial locality that exists in programs, most of the transitions involve changing the address to the next consecutive value. A possible encoding scheme is to use an additional line, INC, in the bus indicating whether the current transition is the next increment address or not. If it is not a consecutive address, then the receiver can use the value on the bus. But if it is a consecutive address, the transmitter need not change the value in the bus, but just assert the INC line to 1. In such case, for a continuous addressing scheme, there is no transition at all on the bus, leading to a bus activity factor of 0.
Number representation: Consider an example of a system which gets one of its data from a sensor. Most of the time, the sensor may be measuring some noise and for this example, consider that the values being measured are (0) and (-1) alternatively. For a 32-bit data bus, value 0 translates to 0x00000000 (0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000) while (-1) translates to 0xFFFFFFFF (1111 1111 1111 1111 1111 1111 1111 1111) in a 2's complement representation. We see that the Hamming distance in this case is 32 (since all 32-bits are changing their state). Instead, if we encode the bus to use signed integer representation (MSB is sign bit), we can represent 0 as 0x00000000 (0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000) and -1 as 0x80000001 (1000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0001) . In this case, we see that the Hamming distance between the numbers is just 2. Hence by using a 2's complement to signed arithmetic encoding, we are able to reduce the activity from a factor of 32 to 2.
Inversion encoding: This is another implementation of bus encoding where an additional line named INV is added to the bus lines. Depending on the value of the INV line, the other lines will be used with or without inversion. e.g. if INV line is 0, the data on the bus is sampled as it is but if INV line is 1, the data on the bus is inverted before any processing on it. Referring to the example used in 3, instead of using a signed integer representation, we could continue using 2's complement and achieve the same activity reduction using inversion encoding. So, 0 will be represented as 0x00000000 with INV=0 and -1 will be represented as 0x00000000 with INV=1. Since INV=1, receiver will invert the data before consuming it, thereby converting it to 0xFFFFFFFF internally. In this case, only 1 bit (INV bit) is changed over bus leading to an activity of factor 1. In general, in inversion encoding, the encoder computes the Hamming distance between the current value and next value and based on that, determines whether to use INV=0 or INV=1.
Value cache encoding: This is another form of Bus encoding, primarily used for external (off-chip) Busses. A dictionary (value cache) is maintained at both the sender and receiver end about some of the commonly shared data patterns. Instead of passing the data patterns each time, the sender just toggles one bit indicating which entry from value cache to be used at the receiver end. Only for values which are not present in the value cache, the complete data is sent over the bus. There have been various modified implementations of this technique with an intent to maximize the hits for the value cache, but the underlying idea is the same.
Other techniques like sector-based encoding, variations of inversion coding, have also been proposed. There has been work on using bus encodings which lower the leakage power consumption as well along with reducing the crosstalk with minimal impact on path delays.
Other examples of bus encoding
Many other types of bus encoding have been developed for a variety of reasons:
improved EMC: differential signaling used in many buses, and the more general constant-weight code used in the MIPI C-PHY Camera Serial Interface are both more immune to outside interference, and emit less interference to other devices.
bus multiplexing: Many early microprocessors and many early DRAM chips reduced costs by using bus multiplexing, rather than dedicate a pin to every address bit and data bit of the system bus. One approach re-uses the address bus pins at different times for data bus pins, an approach used by conventional PCI. Another approach re-uses the same pins at different times for the upper half and for the lower half of the address bus, an approach used by many dynamic random-access memory chips, adding 2 pins to the control bus -- a row-address strobe () and the column-address strobe ().
Implementation method
In case of SoC designs, bus encoding schemes can be best implemented in RTL by instantiating dedicated encoders and decoders over the bus. Another way it could be implemented is by passing hint to the synthesis tool either as a trace of the simulation or by using synthesis pragma to define the type of encoding needed.
On board, a small low power IC can be deployed in between the master and slave modules on the bus to implement the encoding and decoding functions.
Properties of the encoding function
The bus encoding/decoding function must be a bijection. This essentially requires encoding function to possess below behavior:
Every data to be launched on the bus must have a unique encoded value and every encoded value must uniquely decode to the same original value.
It must be possible to encode and decode all the values which can be generated by the source.
Trade-off / analysis
While adding of bus encoding reduces the activity factor over the bus and leads to reduction in dynamic power, addition of encoders and decoders around the bus causes additional circuitry to be added to the design, which also consume certain amount of dynamic power. We must factor this while computing the power savings.
The additional circuitry will also increase the leakage power of the design/circuit/system/SoC. If the base activity factor of the system bus is not very high, bus encoding may not be a very viable option since it will degrade overall energy consumption due to higher leakage power.
If the bus timing is in the critical data path, adding of additional circuitry in the path will degrade the timing path and may prove detrimental. This analysis needs to be done carefully to determine what kind of bus encoding to use.
See also
Gray code addressing
Power dissipation
Low power electronics
Glitch removal
Green computing
References
Further reading
Digital electronics
Electronics optimization
The English rock band Radiohead have released nine studio albums, one live album, five compilation albums, one remix album, nine video albums, seven EPs, 33 singles and 48 music videos. Their debut album, Pablo Honey, released in February 1993, peaked at number 22 in the United Kingdom, receiving platinum certifications in the UK and US. Radiohead's debut single, "Creep", is their most successful, entering the top ten in several countries. Their second album, The Bends, released in March 1995, peaked at number four in the UK, where it was certified triple platinum.
OK Computer, Radiohead's third album, was released in May 1997. It became their most successful album, peaking at number one in the United Kingdom and Ireland and reaching the top ten in several other countries. It was certified triple platinum and produced the UK top-ten singles "Paranoid Android", "Karma Police" and "No Surprises". Kid A followed in October 2000, topping the charts in the UK and becoming first number-one Radiohead album on the United States Billboard 200. Amnesiac was released in May 2001, topping the UK charts and producing the singles "Pyramid Song" and "Knives Out". Hail to the Thief was released in June 2003, ending Radiohead's contract with EMI. It was Radiohead's fourth consecutive UK number-one album and was certified platinum.
Radiohead released their seventh album, In Rainbows, in October 2007 as a download for which customers could set their own price; a conventional retail release followed. It sold more than three million copies in one year. Two singles were released, including "Nude", Radiohead's first top-40 hit on the US Billboard Hot 100 since "Creep". Radiohead self-released their eighth album, The King of Limbs, in February 2011. It ended their streak of number-one albums in the UK, peaking at number seven, and is the only Radiohead album not to be certified gold in the US. In April 2016, following the purchase of EMI by Universal Music, Radiohead's back catalogue was transferred to XL Recordings, who had released the retail editions of In Rainbows and The King of Limbs. Radiohead self-released their ninth album, A Moon Shaped Pool, in May 2016, backed by the singles "Burn the Witch" and "Daydreaming".
In June 2017, Radiohead and XL released a 20th-anniversary OK Computer reissue, OK Computer OKNOTOK 1997 2017, including unreleased tracks, two of which were released as download singles: "I Promise" and "Man of War". In June 2019, several hours of recordings from the OK Computer period leaked online; in response, Radiohead made them available to purchase online as MiniDiscs [Hacked], with all proceeds to the environmentalist group Extinction Rebellion. Kid A Mnesia, an anniversary reissue compiling Kid A, Amnesiac and previously unreleased material, was released in November 2021; it was promoted with the singles "If You Say the Word" and "Follow Me Around".
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Remix albums
Demo albums
"On a Friday" (1986) (as On a Friday) (recorded in Abingdon School music room)
Medicinal Sounds (1987) (as On a Friday) (recorded in Sphincter Studios in Marcham)
"Gripe" (1988) (as On a Friday) (recorded in Woodworm Studios)
"The Greatest Shindig" (1990) (as Shindig) (recorded in Clifton Hampden Village Hall, Nuneham Courtenay Village Hall, and on home 4-track)
Untitled (nicknamed "Dungeon Demo") (1991) (as On a Friday) (recorded in Dungeon Studios)
First Tapes (aka Manic Hedgehog) (1991) (as On a Friday) (recorded in Courtyard Studios)
Video albums
Extended plays
Singles
Promotional singles
Other charted songs
Music videos
Notes
References
See also
List of songs recorded by Radiohead
External links
Official website
Radiohead at AllMusic
Alternative rock discographies
Discographies of British artists
Discography
Rock music group discographies
The Green Man is a 1956 black and white British black comedy film based on the play Meet a Body by Frank Launder and Sidney Gilliat, who produced and adapted the big-screen version.
Plot
Harry Hawkins is a freelance assassin who is contracted to blow up Sir Gregory Upshott, a prominent and pompous London businessman. By courting Upshott's spinster secretary, he learns that his target will be taking one of the firm's typists for a weekend at a seaside hotel called "The Green Man". Hawkins hides a bomb in a radio, which he plans to leave in the hotel lounge. Finding out his treachery, the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins' assistant McKechnie who, as nobody is next door, hides the body there (in a grand piano).
The body is found by a young vacuum cleaner salesman called William Blake who calls there, and he first goes next door and accidentally alerts Hawkins, who is then able to move the body. He then alerts Reginald (the owner)'s pretty fiancée Ann. The two are terrified, and when Reginald returns home he finds them lying on the floor next to the bed. Reginald's second furious exit creates doubt over the future relationship. William and Ann then face another moment of horror as the "corpse" staggers into the house though the French doors and, before collapsing again, tells them that Upshott will be blown up that night in the Green Man by a bomb at precisely 10.28.
Meanwhile a new group of figures assembles at The Green Man: Upshott arrives with his shy young secretary Joan, but wants a drink before he registers. The waiter tells them they must order food before 10pm because of the Catering Act. Hawkins arrives and sits in the lounge enjoying a violin concerto by three women. The bomb is in a radio in his suitcase. Hawkins takes the three women for a drink in the bar just as Upshott and his secretary rise to take their meal.
Not knowing what Upshott looks like or what name he will register under, Ann and William rush there and decide he will be alone and under a false name. They wrongly assume that the name "Boughtflower" is false and track him down. But the time reaches 10.28 and they dive for cover. The trio starts playing in the lounge again. Hawkins encourages them to play faster and join him again in the bar.
Meanwhile Ann and William cannot get the landlord to believe their story, try to evacuate the place and locate the bomb. Hawkins has put the radio on in the lounge. It announces the time as 10.24. William realises the time on the hall clock was wrong. He starts to evacuate the hotel. Meanwhile Upshott sits closer to the radio to hear an article about himself. William has the brainwave that it will be on a timer in the radio, which he therefore throws towards the sea seconds before it explodes. Hawkins is stopped by the police as he tries to drive off.
Driving back to London, Reginald comes on the radio, reading a vicious poem about Ann. They stop and share their first kiss.
Cast
Alastair Sim as Harry Hawkins
George Cole as William Blake
Terry-Thomas as Charles Boughtflower a guest at the Green Man
Jill Adams as Ann Vincent
Raymond Huntley as Sir Gregory Upshott
Colin Gordon as Reginald Willoughby-Cruft
Avril Angers as Marigold
Dora Bryan as Lily the receptionist and barmaid at the Green Man
John Chandos as McKechnie
Cyril Chamberlain as Police Sergeant Bassett
Eileen Moore as Sir Gregory's weekend companion, Joan Wood
Richard Wattis as the doctor called by Blake
Vivien Wood as Leader of the Hotel string trio
Marie Burke as Felicity, member of Hotel string trio
Lucy Griffiths as Annabel, member of Hotel string trio
Arthur Brough as Landlord
Arthur Lowe as Radio salesman
Alexander Gauge as Chairman
Peter Bull as General Niva
Willoughby Goddard as Statesman
Michael Ripper as Waiter at the Green Man
Terence Alexander as Radio Announcer
Production
Cole's then-wife, Eileen Moore, appeared in the film as the typist with whom Upshott has a liaison.
The film, rated U, has been re-released on Region 2 DVD with School for Scoundrels.
Critical reception
The New York Times TV section noted "Weekend at a horrible little country hotel, same name, and one of the funniest British films ever" the Radio Times wrote "If you ever doubted that Alastair Sim was the finest British screen comedian of the sound era, then here's the proof of his immense talent. As the assassin with the mournful smile, he gives a performance of rare genius that more than makes amends for the longueurs in Frank Launder and Sidney Gilliat's script" Allmovie opined "If The Green Man finally falls a little short of being classic, it's only because the mechanics of the plot get a bit wearying at times; otherwise, it's a charmingly subversive little treat" while Time Out called it "A splendid black comedy."
See also
Green Man
References
External links
1956 films
1950s black comedy films
British black-and-white films
British black comedy films
Films directed by Basil Dearden
Films directed by Robert Day
Films set in England
Films set in London
British films based on plays
Films about contract killing in the United Kingdom
Films about assassinations
1956 comedy films
1956 drama films
1950s English-language films
1950s British films
Recollection Wisconsin (formerly Wisconsin Heritage Online) is a collaborative digitization program initiated in 2005 by WiLS (Wisconsin Library Services), the Wisconsin Historical Society, and the University of Wisconsin–Madison, with support from the Milwaukee Public Library, the Milwaukee Public Museum, the Wisconsin Department of Public Instruction's Division for Libraries, Technology, and Community Learning, and grant funding from the Nicholas Family Foundation. The founding mission of Wisconsin Heritage Online was "to inspire education and discovery by making Wisconsin's cultural heritage available to the public via the World Wide Web."
The program relaunched with a new name, Recollection Wisconsin, in 2013. The new Recollection Wisconsin website combines "the deep search and browsing capabilities of the old Wisconsin Heritage Online with curated tours of materials and interactive social media functions."
References
External links
Recollection Wisconsin official website.
American digital libraries
Wisconsin Historical Society
Richardson Glacier () is the broad northwest tributary to the Clifford Glacier, entering it just southeast of Mikus Hill in Palmer Land. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) in 1974. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) after Harriet Richardson, French zoologist, author of a number of reports on the Crustacea (Isopoda) collected by the French Antarctic Expeditions of 1903-05 and 1908–10.
Glaciers of Palmer Land
Kaufman High School is a public high school located in Kaufman, Texas (USA) and classified as a 4A school by the UIL. It is part of the Kaufman Independent School District located in central Kaufman County. In 2011, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Athletics
The Kaufman Lions compete in the following sports
Cross Country, Volleyball, Football, Basketball, Powerlifting, Soccer, Golf, Tennis, Track, Softball & Baseball
State Titles
Kaufman (UIL)
Boys Cross Country
2011(3A)
Kaufman Pyle (PVIL)
Boys Track
1965(PVIL-1A), 1966(PVIL-1A)
References
External links
Schools in Kaufman County, Texas
Public high schools in Texas
Filippo Di Marco (born 12 July 1998) is an Italian rugby union player, currently playing for Top10 side Fiamme Oro. He was also a permit player for the Pro14 side Zebre. His preferred position is fly-half.
Zebre
Di Marco was announced as an additional player for Zebre in May 2021. He made his Zebre debut in Round 4 of the Pro14 Rainbow Cup competition against .
International Career
In 2017 and 2018 Di Marco was named in the Italy Under 20 squad. On 26 May he was called in Italy A squad for the South African tour in the 2022 mid-year rugby union tests against Namibia and Currie Cup XV team.
References
External links
itsrugby.co.uk Profile
1998 births
Living people
Italian rugby union players
Zebre Parma players
Rugby union fly-halves
Gustavo Giró (born 14 October 1968) is an Argentine biathlete. He competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1988 Winter Olympics.
References
1968 births
Living people
Argentine male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Argentina
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Eduardo "Eddie" Zavála Vázquez is a Puerto Rican politician from the New Progressive Party (PNP). He served as member of the 20th Senate of Puerto Rico from 1993 to 1997.
Zavála was elected to the Senate of Puerto Rico in the 1992 general election. He represented the District of Ponce, along with Dennis Vélez Barlucea.
Zavála ran again for the 1996 general election, but lost to the candidates of the Popular Democratic Party (PPD).
He is a member of Phi Sigma Alpha fraternity.
See also
21st Senate of Puerto Rico
References
Living people
Members of the Senate of Puerto Rico
Year of birth missing (living people)
New Progressive Party (Puerto Rico) politicians
Maen Castle is an Iron Age promontory fort or 'cliff castle' close to Land's End in Cornwall. It is one of only two fortified sites in Cornwall where Early Iron Age pottery has been found. Excavations took place in 1939 and 1948-9 and about 300 sherds were unearthed.
The defences comprise a stone rampart, ditch and counterscarp bank built across the neck of the headland, with almost sheer cliffs on two sides and a steep slope on the third. There are some indications that the site may have been occupied before these defences were constructed.
See also
List of hill forts in England
List of hill forts in Scotland
List of hill forts in Wales
References
External links
Maen Castle Retrieved 14 May 2007.
Hill forts in Cornwall
Iron Age sites in Cornwall
Sennen
Saber Rebaï (, Saber al Ruba'i; born 13 March 1967) is a Tunisian pan-Arab singer, actor, and composer. He is known for his song "Sidi Mansour". Some albums carry the variant transliteration Saber el Rebaii. He has been signed since 2004 to the pan-Arab record label Rotana.
Early life
Reabï was born in Tunisia to a Yemeni family from Hadramout. In 2006, while performing in Aden, he spoke about his extreme pride of his Yemeni heritage.
Career
Besides being an accomplished violinist, he started the singing as his profession at 17 years old impressed by singers among which Mohammed Abdel Wahab, Abd El Kader El Asaly, Wadih El Safi, Abdel Halim Hafez, Karem Mahmoud. Saber composed some of his songs melodies among which the song Word (Kalima). He worked with Hilmi Baker, Salah El Charnoubi and Dr. Abd El Rab Idriss.
International concerts
Saber Rebai went in tours across Europe, USA, Australia and also performed in Palestine and South Korea. He gave shows in the Olympia in Paris, Carthage and Cairo.
Awards
Saber Al Rubai won many awards for his participation in international festivals among which:
Cartage Festivals for many years
Arab Music Festival
Egyptian Opera House Award
Cairo International Festivals
Francophone Festivals
The Gold Microphone in Cairo Festivals
Discography
Albums
Hayyarouni –
Ya lilla –
Yalli bjamalak –
2000: Sidi Mansour-
2001: Khalas tarek –
2003: Share' elgharam –
2004: Atahadda al aalam –
2006: Ajmal nesaa aldounia –
2007: El ghorba –
2009: Waheshni giddan –
Singles
2000: "Sidi Mansour" –
References
External links
Tunisian people of Yemeni descent
Living people
1967 births
Tunisian male film actors
Tunisian male television actors
Singers who perform in Classical Arabic
Tunisian composers
20th-century Tunisian male singers
20th-century composers
21st-century Tunisian male singers
21st-century composers
People from Sfax
Male composers
Mary Grace Pango Baloyo (October 30, 1973 – March 26, 2001) was a Filipino flight officer in the Philippine Air Force who posthumously became the first female member of the Armed Forces of the Philippines to receive the Medal of Valor.
Early life
Mary Grace P. Baloyo was born in Bacolod, Negros Occidental to Rommie Baloyo and Annie Pango, who were meat vendors at the city's Libertad Market. Baloyo took up her primary and secondary education in her hometown, and graduated from the St. Scholastica's Academy in 1991. She then entered Cebu Institute of Technology – University and took up Bachelor's Science degree in Airline Management. Upon earning her bachelors degree, she applied and passed for the Philippine Air Force Flying School (PAFFS) at Basilio Fernando Air Base in Lipa City, Batangas, taking up her wings on Cessna T-41 Mescalero and SIAI-Marchetti SF.260. She completed her flight qualifications and finished with the PAFFS Class of 1997.
Military career
Upon graduation from PAFFS, Lt. Baloyo was assigned to the 15th Strike Wing in Danilo Atienza Air Base, Sangley Point, Cavite City, where she was one of 36 flight officers of the unit, and one of 6 combat rated female pilots of the PAF on OV-10 Bronco.
On 26 March 2001, Lt. Baloyo flew with Capt. Ben Nasayao on a proficiency flight from Danilo Atienza Airbase to Clark Air Base. While in the vicinity of Mabalacat, Pampanga, approaching Clark's Runway 20 at 1,000 ft above ground level the aircraft's engine failed and thus rapidly descended into a heavily populated area. Capt. Nasayao ejected at 300 ft above ground level sustaining injuries, while Lt. Baloyo remained on board and diverted the aircraft in an open field of Fil-Homes Subdivision, Barangay Mabiga. Lt. Baloyo was instantly killed by the crash. She was posthumously promoted to the rank of Captain.
Honors
To date, Lt. Baloyo is one of only four recipients of the Medal of Valor from the Philippine Air Force, and the only female officer.
External links
Biography
Statue Dedication
References
Philippine Air Force personnel
1973 births
2001 deaths
People from Bacolod
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in the Philippines
Filipino female military personnel
Recipients of the Philippine Medal of Valor
Filipino military aviators
The men's long jump event at the 1998 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 27–28 February.
Medalists
Results
Qualification
Qualification performance: 7.80 (Q) or at least 12 best performers (q) advanced to the final.
Final
References
Qualification results
Final results
Long jump at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
Long
An art critic is a person who is specialized in analyzing, interpreting, and evaluating art. Their written critiques or reviews contribute to art criticism and they are published in newspapers, magazines, books, exhibition brochures, and catalogues and on websites. Some of today's art critics use art blogs and other online platforms in order to connect with a wider audience and expand debate about art.
Differently from art history, there is not an institutionalized training for art critics (with only few exceptions); art critics come from different backgrounds and they may or may not be university trained. Professional art critics are expected to have a keen eye for art and a thorough knowledge of art history. Typically the art critic views art at exhibitions, galleries, museums or artists' studios and they can be members of the International Association of Art Critics which has national sections. Very rarely art critics earn their living from writing criticism.
The opinions of art critics have the potential to stir debate on art-related topics. Due to this the viewpoints of art critics writing for art publications and newspapers adds to public discourse concerning art and culture. Art collectors and patrons often rely on the advice of such critics as a way to enhance their appreciation of the art they are viewing. Many now-famous and celebrated artists were not recognized by the art critics of their time, often because their art was in a style not yet understood or favored. Conversely, some critics, have become particularly important helping to explain and promote new art movements – Roger Fry with the Post-Impressionist movement, Lawrence Alloway with pop art as examples.
Controversies
According to James Elkins there is a distinction between art criticism and art history based on institutional, contextual, and commercial criteria; the history of art criticism is taught in universities, but the practice of art criticism is excluded institutionally from academia. An experience-related article is Agnieszka Gratza. Always according to James Elkins in smaller and developing countries, newspaper art criticism normally serves as art history. James Elkins's perspective portraits his personal link to art history and art historians and in What happened to art criticism he furthermore highlights the gap between art historians and art critics by suggesting that the first rarely cite the second as a source and that the second miss an academic discipline to refer to.
Gallery
Notable art critics
Christopher Allen
Lawrence Alloway
Guillaume Apollinaire
Zacharie Astruc
Albert Aurier
Charles Baudelaire
Michael Baxandall
Sister Wendy Beckett
Clive Bell
Andrew Berardini
Bernard Berenson
John Berger
Vasily Botkin
John Canaday
Champfleury
Kenneth Clark
T. J. Clark
Robert Coates
Clarence Cook
Douglas Cooper
Royal Cortissoz
Thomas Craven
Arthur Danto
G. Roger Denson
Sergei Diaghilev
Denis Diderot
John Elderfield
James Elkins
Félix Fénéon
Hal Foster
Peter Frank
Michael Fried
B. H. Friedman
Roger Fry
Peter Fuller
Théophile Gautier
Stepan Gedeonov
Gustave Geffroy
Clement Greenberg
Dmitry Grigorovich
Boris Groys
Ichirō Hariu
Dave Hickey
Robert Hughes
Édouard Jaguer
Michael Kimmelman
Hilton Kramer
Rosalind E. Krauss
R. Siva Kumar
Donald Kuspit
Julien Leclercq
Louis Leroy
Lucy R. Lippard
Giovanni Lista
George Loukomski
Sergey Makovsky
Nancy Marmer
Camille Mauclair
Octave Mirbeau
Robert C. Morgan
Suzanne Muchnic
John Neal
Linda Nochlin
Frank O'Hara
Saul Ostrow
Jed Perl
Adrian Prakhov
Griselda Pollock
Nikolay Punin
Arlene Raven
Herbert Read
Pierre Restany
John Rewald
Rainer Maria Rilke
Daniel Robbins
Barbara Rose
Harold Rosenberg
Robert Rosenblum
John Ruskin
John Russell
Frank Rutter
André Salmon
Jerry Saltz
Irving Sandler
Meyer Schapiro
Peter Schjeldahl
Brian Sewell
Roberta Smith
Rafael Squirru
Vladimir Stasov
Leo Stein
Leo Steinberg
Aleksey Suvorin
Michel Tapié
Théophile Thoré-Bürger
Éric Troncy
Tristan Tzara
Kirk Varnedoe
Louis Vauxcelles
Boris Vipper
Karen Wilkin
Émile Zola
Ticio Escobar
See also
History of art criticism
List of art critics
References
External links
Good audio version of symposium on contemporary (2007) art criticism entitled "Empathy and Criticality," sponsored by the Frieze Foundation
critic
Duarte de Sousa da Mata Coutinho was a Portuguese nobleman and the 8th High-Courier of the Kingdom of Portugal.
See also
Luís Gomes da Mata Coronel
Luís Gomes da Mata
Correio-Mor Palace
Palace of the Counts of Penafiel
High-Courier of the Kingdom of Portugal
Portuguese nobility
pt:Correio-mor
Chu (born Chukwudiebere) Maduabum (born March 19, 1991), sometimes credited as "Chuk", "Chuck", or "Chu Chu", is a Nigerian professional basketball player for the Tryhoop Okayama of the B.League. He was drafted 56th overall by the Los Angeles Lakers in the 2011 NBA draft before his rights were traded to the Denver Nuggets.
Maduabum, a 6'9" power forward, was the third player drafted straight from the D-League, following fellow second round picks Mike Taylor and Latavious Williams. He played for two teams while he was in Nigeria before going to the D-League: the Dodan Warriors and the Kano Pillars. He also played in the FIBA Africa Club Championship.
Professional career
NBA and NBA D-League
On March 18, 2011, Maduabum was acquired by the Bakersfield Jam of the NBA D-League. He went on to average 0.7 points and 1.0 blocks in three games during 2010–11.
On June 23, 2011, Maduabum was selected with the 56th overall pick in the 2011 NBA draft by the Los Angeles Lakers. His rights were later traded to the Denver Nuggets on draft night.
On January 24, 2012, Maduabum was reacquired by the Bakersfield Jam. However, he was later waived on February 1, 2012 after just one game due to injury.
In July 2012, Maduabum joined the Nuggets for the 2012 NBA Summer League where he averaged 2.3 points and 2.7 rebounds in three games.
On February 19, 2015, the Nuggets traded to draft rights to Maduabum, along with JaVale McGee and a future first round pick via the Oklahoma City Thunder, to the Philadelphia 76ers.
On February 18, 2016, the 76ers traded the draft rights to Maduabum to the Houston Rockets as part of a three team trade with the Detroit Pistons. However, his rights would return to the 76ers four days later, as the Pistons rescinded their trade, following a failed physical by Donatas Motiejūnas.
On July 15, 2016, the 76ers traded the draft rights to Maduabum to the Cleveland Cavaliers, in exchange for Sasha Kaun and cash considerations.
Qatar
In January 2013, Maduabum signed with Al-Shamal of Qatar's D1 league where he averaged 9.4 points, 8.5 rebounds, 3.6 blocks and 1.0 assists in eight games.
Estonia
In November 2013, Maduabum signed with Tallinna Kalev of Estonia for the 2013–14 season. In December 2013, he left Tallinna after three Estonian League games and two Baltic League games.
Mongolia
In January 2014, Maduabum signed with Khasiin Khuleguud of Mongolia for the rest of the 2013–14 season. He went on earn league All-Star honors and helped them win the 2014 championship.
Return to D-League
On November 2, 2014, Maduabum was acquired by the Fort Wayne Mad Ants. On December 2, 2014, he was waived by the Mad Ants after appearing in four games.
Return to Estonia
On January 9, 2015, Maduabum re-signed with Tallinna Kalev. He later left Tallinna Kalev.
Short terms in Iceland & Finland
On August 7, 2015, Maduabum signed with Keflavík of the Icelandic Premier League after averaging 7.6 points and 5.1 rebounds per game with Tallinna Kalev.
In September, Maduabum signed with Finnish Korisliiga team Tampereen Pyrintö where he played in eight matches averaging 2.1 points, 3.4 rebounds and 0.9 blocks per game before exiting the team at the beginning of November. He also played one game with Pyrintö II in First Division A.
Return to Mongolia
For the rest of the 2015-16 season, Maduabum would play with the Gegeen Khangai Leader in Mongolia. He'd later be named an All-Star for the second season in a row in Mongolia.
Japan
On September 21, 2016, Maduabum signed with Kagoshima Rebnise of the Japanese Second Division. In July 2017, he moved to Cyberdyne Ibaraki Robots. In August, 2018 he came terms with Passlab Yamagata Wyverns.
References
External links
NBA D-League profile
1991 births
Living people
Bakersfield Jam players
BC Tallinn Kalev players
Cyberdyne Ibaraki Robots players
Fort Wayne Mad Ants players
Kagoshima Rebnise players
Keflavík men's basketball players
Los Angeles Lakers draft picks
Nigerian men's basketball players
Nigerian expatriate basketball people in the United States
Passlab Yamagata Wyverns players
Players drafted from the NBA Development League
Tampereen Pyrintö players
Centers (basketball)
Power forwards (basketball)
Expatriate basketball people in Estonia
Nigerian expatriate basketball people in Japan
Nigerian expatriates in Estonia
With v O'Flanagan [1936] Ch 575 is an English contract law case, concerning misrepresentation. It holds that there is a duty to disclose material changes in circumstances that were represented to be true in negotiations.
Facts
Dr O'Flanagan said truthfully in January 1934 that his medical practice had takings of £2000 pa. However, in May the takings were only £5 a week because O'Flanagan had become ill. The contract was signed with Mr With to buy the medical practice, but Mr O'Flanagan did not disclose the change in circumstances.
At trial the judge held that because the contract was not made uberrimae fidei.
Where a statement is rendered false by a change in circumstances there is a duty to disclose the change. A failure to do so will result in an actionable misrepresentation
Judgment
Lord Wright MR held that Mr With could rescind either because there was a duty to point out the change in circumstance or because the representation continued till the point when the contract was signed. He referred to Fry J in Davies v London Provincial Marine Insurance that there is no duty to disclose, even when someone believes facts to be operating on another's mind. He noted fiduciary relationships can bring an entire duty of disclosure. Uberrimae fidei contracts, including partnership and marine insurance, do too. But also where in negotiations a statement is false and then the representor discovers it, though if he had said nothing he is entitled to hold his tongue throughout. He noted that a ‘representation made as a matter of inducement to enter a contract is to be treated as a continuing representation.'
Romer LJ stated,
Clauson J concurred.
Significance
This affirms a general principle that any change to a fundamental reason for contracting (supervening falsification) must be communicated, where it is known to one party. It does not matter what the reason or motive is for not communicating is, it need not be malicious or fraudulent, but merely known to the representor.
See also
English contract law
Misrepresentation in English law
Brownlie v Campbell 5 AC 925, 950, Lord Blackburn,
"when a statement or representation has been made in the bonâ fide belief that it is true, and the party who has made it afterwards comes to find out that it is untrue, and discovers what he should have said, he can no longer honestly keep up that silence on the subject after that has come to his knowledge, thereby allowing the other party to go on, and still more, inducing him to go on, upon a statement which was honestly made at the time when it was made, but which he has not now retracted when he has become aware that it can be no longer honestly persevered in."
Notes
References
R Bigwood, 'Pre-contractual misrepresentation and the limits of the principle in With v O'Flanagan' (2005) 64(1) Cambridge Law Journal 96
English misrepresentation case law
Court of Appeal (England and Wales) cases
1936 in case law
1936 in England
1936 in British law
Jesús Parejo (born 10 March 1981) is a Venezuelan former track and field athlete who competes in the shot put and discus throw. He holds personal bests of and for those events. His greatest achievements were a discus silver medal at the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games and bronze medals at the 2011 South American Championships in Athletics and 2008 Central American and Caribbean Championships in Athletics.
He also represented his country at the 2011 Pan American Games, 2011 Military World Games, and the 2014 South American Games, and was a three-time participant at the Ibero-American Championships in Athletics. He was a medallist at three straight editions of both the Bolivarian Games and ALBA Games.
A five-time national champion, he was Venezuela's top discus thrower from around 2005 to 2014, following on from Héctor Hurtado.
Personal bests
Shot put – (2011)
Discus throw – (2008)
Hammer throw – (2005)
All information from All-Athletics profile.
International competitions
References
External links
Living people
1981 births
Venezuelan shot putters
Venezuelan discus throwers
Pan American Games competitors for Venezuela
Athletes (track and field) at the 2011 Pan American Games
Central American and Caribbean Games silver medalists for Venezuela
Competitors at the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in athletics
Mount Rifenburgh () is a mountain, 2,690 m, standing 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) east of the head of Davidson Glacier in the Holland Range. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from tellurometer surveys (1961–62) and Navy air photos (1960). Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Captain E. Rifenburgh, U.S. Navy, Commanding Officer of the USS Arneb during U.S. Navy Operation Deepfreeze 1963.
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Shackleton Coast
Razlom Point () is an ice point at the west edge of Lazarev Ice Shelf, about 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) north of Leningradskiy Island, Queen Maud Land. Mapped by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition in 1959 and named Mys Razlom (breach point) because there is a large old break in the ice shelf nearby.
Headlands of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
Abyar (al-Abyā) ( ) is a town in the Marj District, Libya, roughly 50 km to the east of the city of Benghazi and 42 km southwest of the city of Marj. (), its estimated population was 32,563.
History
The town is the site of a former Italian concentration camp for the nomadic tribes that lived in Eastern Libya (Cyrenaica), and for those in the Libyan resistance movement, during the colonial Italian North Africa and Italian Libya periods. Prior to 2007 it was the capital of the district of Hizam al Akhdar.
Notes
See also
List of cities in Libya
External links
"Abyar, Libya", Falling Rain Genomics, Inc.
Satellite map at Maplandia.com
Populated places in Marj District
Cyrenaica
Baladiyat of Libya
Batrachedra subglauca is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found in Mongolia.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Moths of Asia
Moths described in 1979
Maria Kalergis von Nesselrode-Ereshoven (7 August 1822 Warsaw – 22 May 1874, Warsaw) was a Polish noblewoman, pianist, salon hostess and patron of the arts.
Life
Countess Maria von Nesselrode-Ehreshoven was daughter of a German count in Russian service, Karl Friedrich Joseph von Nesselrode-Ehreshoven, and Polish noblewoman Tekla von Górska. At the age of seventeen Maria von Nesselrode married Jan Kalergis, a rich landowner of Cretan noble descent, who was much older and proved to be of a jealous disposition. Although they had a daughter, Marie, born in Saint Petersburg in 1840, less than a year after their wedding they agreed to separate. Despite several attempts to overcome their aversion towards each other, they continued living separately, without divorcing, until Jan's death. He ensured Maria had a comfortable life. While the division of their assets was in dispute, she was able to tour Europe, including Saint Petersburg, Warsaw, Paris and Baden-Baden.
The course of Maria's marriage was an echo of her own childhood experiences. A year after her birth, her father, Friedrich Karl von Nesselrode, a German and his wife Thekla, a Pole, had separated due to personality differences. From her sixth year, Maria had been raised in Saint Petersburg in the home of her paternal uncle, Count Karl Robert von Nesselrode-Ehreshoven, a German in the Russian court who for forty years (1816–56) was the Tsar's minister of foreign affairs and who saw to it that Maria received a thorough education.
She evinced an early musical talent and for a while took lessons from Chopin, who praised her musical abilities. She was taught Polish by her mother and also spoke French, then the language of Polish salons as well as German, English, Italian and Russian.
She is remembered as the great love of Cyprian Norwid, the leading Polish romantic poet. Her acquaintance with the young Pole was but one of many episodes in an active social life. Owing to his shyness and relatively modest means he was overshadowed by Maria's other admirers. For many years Norwid harboured unrequited feelings for her that were a source of his poetic inspiration. He confided them in letters to Maria Trembicka, later Faleńska, daughter of General Stanisław Trembicki, and a close friend of the "white siren", as Maria was known. Encouraged by his confidante's friendship, he proposed to Maria Kalergis but was rejected.
From 1847 she lived in Paris, then from 1857 in Warsaw. Guests at her salons included Liszt, Richard Wagner who addressed his infamous essay Das Judentum in der Musik to her (her paternal grandmother was Jewish), de Musset, Moniuszko, Gautier, Heine who dedicated his poem "The White Elephant" to her and Fryderyk Chopin. In Warsaw she became a hostess and a patron of the arts and took part in charity fund-raising concerts and theatrical performances. Her resources were always available to those in need.
When Stanisław Moniuszko wanted to premiere the four-act version of his opera Halka in Warsaw, he was initially opposed by the Russian administrator in charge of Warsaw theatres, Siergiej Muchanow, who also happened to be the Warsaw chief of police and, later in 1863 became Maria's second husband. Thanks to Maria's intervention, Moniuszko managed to stage his opera. Three months after its January 1858 opening, she organized a benefit concert for Moniuszko, who was in constant financial difficulties. The concert raised 25,000 Polish złoty, which enabled the composer to meet his immediate needs and take a trip abroad.
Maria Kalergis had an appreciable influence on the development of musical culture in Warsaw. She was a co-founder of the Warsaw Musical Institute, now the Warsaw Conservatory and, with Moniuszko established the Warsaw Musical Society, now the Warsaw Philharmonic. Between 1857 and 1871 she made frequent appearances as a pianist.
Soon after her first husband's death in 1863, she married Muchanow, ten years her junior. He was with her during her illness and nursed her devotedly through her final days. It was probably then that, sensing the approaching end of her life, Maria destroyed her correspondence. However, her letters to her daughter, son-in-law and friends have survived, and have made it possible to reconstruct many facts about her life and are a valuable source about the period. She was interred next to her father at Warsaw's Powązki Cemetery. On her death, Liszt wrote his Elegy on Marie Kalergi.
Descendants
With Emperor Franz Josef's permission, Maria Kalergis' grandson, Heinrich von Coudenhove, was allowed to alter his surname to Coudenhove-Calergi, as a tribute to his famous grandmother. He married a Japanese noblewoman, Mitsuko Aoyama. In 1923 their son, Count Richard von Coudenhove-Kalergi, founded the Paneuropean Union.
Notes
References
Maria Kalergis, Listy do Adama Potockiego (Letters to Adam Potocki), ed. by Halina Kenarowa, translated from the French by Halina Kenarowa and Róża Drojecka, Warsaw, 1986.
Stanisław Szenic, Maria Kalergi, Warsaw, Państwowy Instytut Wydawniczy, 1963.
Stanisław Szenic, Cmentarz Powązkowski 1851–1860 (The Powązki Cemetery, 1851–60), Warsaw, 1982.
External links
Pierścień Wielkiej Damy by Cyprian Kamil Norwid
1822 births
1874 deaths
People from Warsaw Governorate
19th-century classical pianists
Pupils of Frédéric Chopin
Burials at Powązki Cemetery
Polish classical pianists
Polish women pianists
Polish philanthropists
Polish patrons of music
Polish salon-holders
Russian nobility
Baltic nobility
Westphalian nobility
Polish people of Jewish descent
Polish people of German descent
Musicians from Warsaw
Maria
19th-century composers
19th-century women composers
Polish patrons of the arts
Harry Woodson (1852 – October 15, 1887) was a professional boxer, nicknamed The Black Diamond, who was active during the 19th century in the Cincinnati area. Due to the political reality of the time Woodson mostly fought other black boxers, but he was good enough that he fought occasional matches with white men as well.
Having earned enough money Woodson would begin to operate his own gymnasium, but he was shot to death in an argument. The source of the conflict was a rivalry over a woman.
See also
List of bare-knuckle boxers
External links
Bio from cyberboxingzone.com
Clipping from the Police Gazette detailing events leading to Woodson's death
1852 births
1887 deaths
Boxers from Cincinnati
Bare-knuckle boxers
American male boxers
The miombo pied barbet (Tricholaema frontata) is a species of bird in the family Lybiidae. It is found in south-central Africa.
Taxonomy
The miombo pied barbet was described as Pogonorhynchus frontatus by Cabanis in 1880. The species is monotypic.
Distribution and habitat
This species is found in central Angola, the south of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, western Malawi, southwest Tanzania, and Zambia. It is found at elevations of , and the size of its range is estimated at . Its habitat is mainly dense miombo woodland, but it has also been observed in more open areas, including degraded woodland and grassy areas with patches of trees.
Description
Its length is approximately , and its weight is . The male and female are alike. The adult has a black head. with a red spot on the forecrown. There is white scalloping on the black nape. The ear coverts are brown, and there are yellow lines over the eyes. The chin and throat are white, with brown or black scalloping. The back is black, with yellow spots. The tail is brown-black, and the undertail is pale brown-grey. The flight feathers are brown, with white inner edges. The inner primaries and the secondaries have white-yellow outer edges. The wing coverts are black-brown, with yellow tips. The scapulars have white spots. The eyes are dark brown. The beak is mostly brown, with a tomial tooth. The legs are grey-brown to grey, and the claws are pale grey. The immature has laxer plumage and does not have a tomial tooth.
Behaviour
Its diet includes insects and fruits. Its song is a series of hoop notes, and it also produces nyah, ddddt and yeh calls. The male has been observed to puff its throat and rotate its head while singing. The nest is a cavity excavated in a tree or stub. The eggs are usually laid from September to December. There are two to three white eggs in a clutch. The incubation period and nestling period are not known. The young are fed insects, and then the parent birds change the food to fruits. The parents remove faeces and seeds. It hybridises with the acacia pied barbet (Tricholaema leucomelas) in southwest Zambia.
Status
The population size of this species is not known. Its population is declining because of habitat loss, but not quickly enough for the species to be considered vulnerable. The species also has a large range, so the IUCN Red List has assessed the species to be of the least concern.
References
miombo pied barbet
Birds of Southern Africa
miombo pied barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Vedskalen Ridge () is a prominent rock and ice ridge on the northwest side of Mount Hochlin, in the Muhlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land. It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian Antarctic Expedition (1956–60) and named Vedskalen (the wooden shed).
Ridges of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
The enzyme cysteine lyase (EC 4.4.1.10) catalyzes the chemical reaction
L-cysteine + sulfite L-cysteate + hydrogen sulfide
This enzyme belongs to the family of lyases, specifically the class of carbon-sulfur lyases. The systematic name of this enzyme class is L-cysteine hydrogen-sulfide-lyase (adding sulfite; L-cysteate-forming). Other names in common use include cysteine (sulfite) lyase, and L-cysteine hydrogen-sulfide-lyase (adding sulfite). This enzyme participates in cysteine and taurine metabolism. It employs one cofactor, pyridoxal phosphate.
Evolution
Genes encoding cysteine lyase (CL) originated around 300 million years ago by a tandem gene duplication and neofunctionalization of cystathionine β-lyase (CBS) shortly after the split of mammalian and reptilian lineages. CL genes are found only in Sauropsida where they are involved in a metabolic pathway for sulfur metabolism in the chicken egg.
References
EC 4.4.1
Pyridoxal phosphate enzymes
Enzymes of unknown structure
Max Christian Elger (born 24 November 1973) is a Swedish politician for the Social Democratic party. Since 30 November 2021 he is the Minister for Financial Markets in Magdalena Andersson's cabinet, replacing Åsa Lindhagen.
References
Politicians from Stockholm
Living people
1973 births
Swedish Ministers for Finance
Swedish Social Democratic Party politicians
Miller v. Bonta is a pending court case before the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit concerning California's assault weapon ban, the Roberti–Roos Assault Weapons Control Act of 1989 (AWCA). Judge Roger Benitez of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California struck down the ban in a ruling on June 5, 2021. A three-judge panel of the Ninth Circuit issued a stay of the ruling on June 21, 2021, leaving the ban in place as appeals were litigated. The case was known as Miller v. Becerra before Rob Bonta succeeded Xavier Becerra as Attorney General of California in April 2021.
Background
Gun laws in California are among the strictest in the country. The Roberti–Roos Assault Weapons Control Act of 1989 (AWCA) banned the ownership and transfer of specific models of firearms that were categorized as assault weapons. Signed by Governor George Deukmejian, a Republican, it was the first law passed in response to the Cleveland Elementary School shooting in Stockton that year. It inspired similar bans in six other states and the District of Columbia, as well as the Federal Assault Weapons Ban of 1994 that expired in 2004. In the years since, assault weapons banned by these measures have been used in school shootings in the United States. An amendment to AWCA took effect in 2000, banning assault weapons based on an alternative set of characteristics instead of by model. However, gun owners have been able to work around the law by making minor adjustments to the weapons or purchasing "California-compliant" rifles of all types.
In August 2000, the AWCA survived a state constitutional challenge in Kasler v. Lockyer before the California Supreme Court. The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in Nordyke v. King that the Second Amendment, which protects the right to bear arms, does not apply to state and local governments. However, the U.S. Supreme Court later ruled in McDonald v. City of Chicago that it does apply to all levels of government, making it possible for the act to be challenged in federal court.
Rulings by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, headquartered in San Diego, can have implications across the entire Ninth Circuit, by far the largest in the country. Judge Roger Benitez was nominated to the court by President George W. Bush and confirmed by the Senate with 98 votes in favor and one against, despite overwhelming opposition by a committee of the American Bar Association. Benitez has overturned several California gun control laws. In Duncan v. Becerra and Rhode v. Becerra, he struck down portions of 2016 California Proposition 63 that prohibited possession of high-capacity magazines and required background checks for ammunition purchases, respectively. The state appealed both decisions; the ruling in Duncan v. Bonta was reversed by the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. Gun control advocates say the San Diego court's unique process for transferring related cases to a single judge, out of the court's more than a dozen judges, has encouraged gun rights advocates to engage in forum shopping.
Legal proceedings
District court
On August 15, 2019, James Miller, a board member of the San Diego County Gun Owners, sued Attorney General Xavier Becerra and the Director of the California Bureau of Firearms, alleging that the ban was an unconstitutional restriction of Second Amendment rights. He was joined by the San Diego County Gun Owners Political Action Committee, California Gun Rights Foundation, Second Amendment Foundation, and Firearms Policy Coalition, along with three other San Diego County residents who said they legally own rifles or pistols but are unable to use high-capacity magazines in them due to the law.
The case was argued before Senior Judge Roger Benitez of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California. The plaintiffs argued that the definition of "assault weapon" is politically motivated and prevents law-abiding citizens from obtaining and using firearms for self-defense, hunting, and other legal purposes. Becerra's office argued that the ban was necessary because assault weapons are more lethal and are disproportionately used in crimes and mass shootings. Benitez denied requests by Everytown for Gun Safety and the Giffords Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence to file amicus briefs in favor of the state. In April 2021, Rob Bonta took over the defense when he succeeded Becerra as Attorney General of California.
On June 4, 2021, Benitez ruled in favor of the plaintiffs, declaring the AWCA to be unconstitutional and issuing a permanent injunction against enforcing specific provisions of the law. He opened the 94-page ruling by likening an AR-15 style rifle to a Swiss Army knife as "a perfect combination of home defense weapon and homeland defense equipment" and describing the AR-15 as "good for both home and battle", citing District of Columbia v. Heller and United States v. Miller. He described the ban as a failed experiment and reasoned that the ban covers weapons that are commonly used for legal purposes. In dismissing the need for a ban on assault rifles, he cited the prevalence of stabbing deaths in the state compared to murders by rifle, and also claimed that "More people have died from the COVID-19 vaccine than mass shootings in California." Upon Bonta's request, Benitez granted a stay of the injunction for 30 days pending appeal.
Appellate court
On June 10, 2021, Attorney General Bonta and Bureau of Firearms Director Luis Lopez appealed the ruling to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. On June 21, a three-judge panel of the Ninth Circuit Barry G. Silverman, Jacqueline Nguyen, and Ryan D. Nelson granted their request to extend the stay as appeals are litigated. Mayor Sam Liccardo of San Jose has invited other California cities to join an amicus brief supporting the state's appeal.
Another challenge to the AWCA, Rupp v. Bonta, has already been appealed to the Ninth Circuit court from the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California.
On November 30, 2021, the Ninth Circuit Court restored the state ban on high-capacity magazines in Duncan v. Bonta, suggesting that the court would also reverse the lower court ruling in Miller v. Bonta.
On June 23, 2022, the U.S. Supreme Court decided New York State Rifle & Pistol Association, Inc. v. Bruen, broadly rejecting any "means-end tests" such as the strict or intermediate scrutiny the Ninth Circuit had applied in upholding the constitutionality of various gun regulations. The opinion, written by Justice Clarence Thomas, emphasized that going forward the standard for applying the Second Amendment will require the government to "justify its regulation by demonstrating that it is consistent with the Nation's historical tradition of firearm regulation." This newly clarified "text as informed by history" standard is widely expected to significantly affect how gun control cases such as Miller and Rupp are decided.
Reaction
State officials, including Governor Gavin Newsom and Attorney General Rob Bonta, issued strongly worded statements opposing Judge Benitez's ruling. Newsom took particular issue with Judge Benitez comparing an AR-15 style rifle to a Swiss Army knife in the first sentence of his opinion. Bonta noted that the ruling had come down days after a mass shooting in San Jose, although the semiautomatic pistols used in that shooting had not been banned. The Giffords Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence called it insulting that the ruling was handed down on National Gun Violence Awareness Day. Gun-rights groups, including the National Rifle Association, Firearms Policy Coalition, and Gun Owners of America, celebrated the ruling.
In December 2021, Governor Newsom again cited Judge Benitez's Swiss Army knife comparison in response to the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in Whole Woman's Health v. Jackson that effectively upheld enforcement of the Texas Heartbeat Act. He called for the California State Legislature to apply the act's framework to gun control, by introducing a private right of action against manufacturers, distributors, and sellers of assault weapon or ghost gun supplies in the state.
References
Further reading
Miller v. Bonta court docket from the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
Miller v. Bonta district court docket on CourtListener
Miller v. Bonta court of appeals docket on CourtListener
2021 in United States case law
Legal history of California
United States Second Amendment case law
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit cases
Pérès is a French surname derived from Gascon language
Etymology
From Gascon language péré and mostly its plural form pérès, meaning pear trees.
Surname
People with the surname Pérès include:
Jean-Baptiste Pérès, French physicist
Joseph Pérès, French mathematician
Gil-Pérès, real name Jules-Charles Pérès Jolin, French stage actor and vaudevilliste
Marcel Pérès, French musicologist, composer, choral director and singer
Marcel Pérès (actor), French actor
See also
Peres
Notes and references
Occitan-language surnames
Sungei Wang Plaza () is a strata title shopping centre in Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
The mall has an aggregate retail floor area approximately 800,000 square feet (sq. ft.) and key anchor tenant includes Giant Supermarket, JUMPA @ Sungei Wang, Blastacars, Camp5, Daiso and MR. DIY. The shopping center is accessible from Bukit Bintang MRT/Monorail.
History
The shopping center was incorporated on 16 May 1972 and was opened for business in 1977. In 1992 and 2013, it underwent renovation and refurbishment. In 2018, it undergoes another facade transformation and is expected to be completed by mid 2019.
The largest share of shopping mall owner is by Capitaland Malaysia Mall Trust (CMMT) which owns 62% of the share.
See also
List of shopping malls in Malaysia
References
External links
1977 establishments in Malaysia
Shopping malls established in 1977
Shopping malls in Kuala Lumpur
Roadend Nunatak () is a conspicuous nunatak 4 nautical miles (7 km) west-northwest of Bastion Hill along the north side of Darwin Glacier. So named by the Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition (VUWAE) (1962–63) because of its use as a landmark for manhauling sledge journeys and aircraft flights which supported the expedition and landed there.
Nunataks of Oates Land
Inishcaltra () is a civil parish in the barony of Leitrim in County Clare, Ireland. The main settlement in the parish is the village of Mountshannon. It is noted for the eponymous island of Inis Cealtra, which is an ancient Christian monastic site.
In the Catholic Church, the parish is part of the ecclesiastical parish of Mountshannon (Clonrush).
Location
Inishcaltra is northeast of Scarriff. The parish is , and covers .
It mostly is located on the western shore of Lough Derg and includes some of the lough's islands such as Red Island, Inniscalthra, Young's Island, Basley Island, and Cribby Island. There is a belt of low land along the lake, rising into the Slieve-Baughta mountains.
The road from Scarriff towards Portumna and Loughrea runs along the lake shore.
History
The island of Inis Cealtra after which the parish is named lies about from the shore. It is often called the Holy Island. It was the scene of pre-Christian religious activities. The pillar tower may have been used in sun worship. More recently the island was the site of Christian structures, including various cells or oratories, now ruined. The main church, Teampol Camin, located in Mountshannon, is named after the founder or patron, Saint Camin who died around 658. Danish raids took place in 834, 908 and 946.
The total population in 1841 was 2,378 in 383 houses.
By 1851, after the famine, the number had dropped to 1,457 through emigration and deaths from starvation.
The parish was in County Galway from 1610 to 1898. By the terms of the Local Government (Ireland) Act 1898, Inishcaltra and it's neighbouring parish of Clonrush were transferred from the county of Galway to the county of Clare while remaining part of the barony of Leitrim.
Townlands
Townlands of the parish are: Bohateh North, Bohateh South, Cappaduff, Cloonamirran, Cloontyconnaught, Cloontymweenagh, Coogypark, Cooldorragha, Curratober, Derroran East, Derroran West, Derrycon Lower, Derrycon Upper, Dooros, Glenwanish, Inishcaltra, Kilrateera Lower, Kilrateera Upper, Knockaphort, Magherareagh, Middleline North, Middleline South, Mountshannon, Sellernaun East, Sellernaun West and Woodpark.
References
Citations
Sources
Civil parishes of County Clare
Coolidge House may refer to:
Coolidge House (Helena-West Helena, Arkansas)
Coolidge Homestead, Plymouth Notch, Vermont
Calvin Coolidge House, Northampton, Massachusetts
Josiah Coolidge House, Cambridge, Massachusetts
See also
Wentworth-Coolidge Mansion, Portsmouth, New Hampshire
Coolidge-Rising House, Spokane, Washington
Matthias Bartgis (1759 – 1825) was a pioneer German-American printer in Western Maryland, Virginia, and Pennsylvania.
Matthias Bartgis was born June 3, 1759 in Lancaster, Pennsylvania to a German immigrant, Matthias Bartgis. He learned the art of printing from William Bradford in Philadelphia and initially established a print office in York, Pennsylvania. In 1778 he expanded his business to Frederick, Maryland and later to Winchester, Virginia as well. In 1788 Bartgis established a regular bi-weekly private mail system which stretched from York to Winchester to facilitate the delivery of his paper.
Until his retirement in 1820 Bartgis published various newspapers, pamphlets, forms, and books for the rapidly growing population of the Shenandoah, bringing printed culture to the area and including the large German minority.
His newspaper publications include:
1785-1789. Bartgis's Marylandische Zeitung, Fredericktown, Md.
1786-1788. Maryland Chronicle, Fredericktown, Md.
1787-1788. Pennsylvania Chronicle, York, Pa.
1787-1791. Virginia Gazette, Winchester, Va.
1789. Maryland Gazette, Fredericktown, Md.
1790. Staunton Gazette, Staunton, Va.
1792-1794. Bartgis's Maryland Gazette, Fredericktown, Md.
1793. General Staats-Bothe, Fredericktown, Md.
1794-1800. Bartgis's Federal Gazette, Fredericktown, Md.
1800-1820+. Bartgis's Republican Gazette, Fredericktown, Md.
1802-1806, 1809-1810, 1813-1814. Hornet, Fredericktown, Md.
1808. Independent American Volunteer, Fredericktown, Md.
1810-1813. General Staatsbothe, Fredericktown, Md.
References
Brigham, Clarence S. History and Bibliography of American Newspapers, 1690-1820. Vol. 2. Worcester, MA: American Antiquarian Society, 1947.
Dolmetsch, Christopher, "The German Literature of Virginia's Shenandoah Valley, 1789-1854: A Historical, Linguistic and Literary Study" (Ph.D. diss., U. of Wisconsin-Madison, 1979).
Wust, Klaus G. "Matthias Bartgis' Newspapers in Virginia," ''American-German Review, Vol. XVIII, NO. 1, (October 1951).
External links
The Maryland State Archives page on Matthias Bartgis
1759 births
1825 deaths
American printers
Pennsylvania German culture in Maryland
FX Movie Channel (FXM) is an American pay television channel owned by FX Networks, LLC, a subsidiary of the Walt Disney Television division of The Walt Disney Company. It is the sister channel of FX and FXX. The channel's programming consists largely of movies, primarily those from the 20th Century Studios, Twentieth Century Pictures, and Fox Film Corporation library. Since 2013, FXM has separated its film content into two distinct blocks. Its main programming focuses more on recent films and its early-morning and daytime schedule (branded as "FXM Retro") focuses on classic films.
As of February 2015, FXM is available to approximately 52,607,000 pay television households (45.2% of households with television) in the United States.
History
fXM: Movies from Fox (1994–2000)
Originally intended to be titled "Fox Movie Studio" during the planning stages, the channel first launched at midnight on October 31, 1994 as fXM: Movies from Fox, a name derived from its sister cable channel FX, which debuted five months earlier on June 1. The first movie to air on fXM was the 1975 cult classic The Rocky Horror Picture Show. Its original format focused solely on classic movies from the 20th Century Fox film library, which were presented commercial-free and (in regard to films originally released in black-and-white) uncolorized, and were generally shown without editing for content and time; the films that were broadcast were mainly releases from the 1920s to the 1980s.
On February 7, 1997, FXM aired its first film production commissions of six under 12-minute films in a showcase hosted by producer-director Michael Apted. Two, Better Late (directed by Jessica Yu) and 78 (helmed by Noah Edelson), would initially premiere at the Sundance Film Festival.
Fox Movie Channel (2000–2014)
The channel officially changed its name to Fox Movie Channel on March 1, 2000.
On January 1, 2012, Fox Movie Channel's programming was divided into two 12-hour blocks: its main programming schedule, from 3:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. Eastern Time, was a commercial-free block retaining the older movies from the 20th Century Fox library. Another block, called FX Movie Channel, the other 12 hours consisted of an expanded slate of more recent feature films from Fox and some other film studios, including Columbia Pictures and Universal Pictures.
The channel, which ran only promos for its programming as well as interstitials relating to its films, also began running traditional advertisements during the 12-hour block, which runs from the late afternoon to the early overnight hours (from 3:00 p.m. to 3:00 a.m. Eastern Time). As a result, films broadcast on the FXM block are edited to allow for commercial time, and for content. Fox Movie Channel still retained uncut and commercial-free broadcasts of its films.
FXM: FX Movie Channel (2014–present)
On June 9, 2014, Fox Movie Channel changed its name back to FXM. On January 1, 2015, FXM broke format for its first and only time, running a marathon of the first season of the FX original series Fargo.
Since 2021, the channel now airs more family-friendly feature films from the Walt Disney Pictures film studio and its subsidiaries. This is in contrast to the purchase by Disney two years earlier.
High definition
FXM provides a high definition simulcast feed that broadcasts the channel's film content in 720p, the company's default transmission format.
References
External links
official website
official website
website
English-language television stations in the United States
Movie
Disney television networks
Movie channels in the United States
Television channels and stations established in 1994
Television networks in the United States
1994 establishments in the United States
Robert "Rob" Farris-Olsen is an American attorney and politician serving as a member of the Montana House of Representatives from the 79th district. Elected in 2018, he assumed office on January 7, 2019.
Early life and education
Farris-Olsen was born and raised in Helena, Montana and graduated from Helena High School. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in environmental studies from Whitman College and a Juris Doctor from the Alexander Blewett III School of Law at the University of Montana.
Career
Farris-Olsen completed a clerkship program with Judge Mike Wheat of the Montana Supreme Court. He then entered private practice, and has specialized in consumer protection law. In 2015, he was elected to the Helena City Commission. In 2018, he was elected to the Montana House of Representatives, representing the 79th district.
References
Living people
People from Helena, Montana
Whitman College alumni
University of Montana alumni
Montana lawyers
Montana Democrats
Members of the Montana House of Representatives
Year of birth missing (living people)
Anton Igorevich Komolov (; born April 4, 1976, Moscow, RSFSR, USSR) is a Russian radio and TV presenter of entertainment programs, a DJ, an actor of dubbing, a showman.
Biography
He was born on April 4, 1976 in Moscow. His father was an engineer, his mother a philologist. Even in early childhood, the boy's abilities were manifested: at the age of 3 he was taught to read, and by the age of 6 he had already read such works as Chekhov's stories and the novel 'Anna Karenina'.
In the 10th and 11th grades he studied at the Physics and Mathematics School No. 1180 (now Lyceum No. 1580). Then he entered the Bauman Moscow State Technical University, who graduated in 1999 with the qualification engineer in Computer-aided design specialty. While studying at the university, Anton became a member of the KVN team of the MSTU. Who in 1997-1998 became the winner of the Moscow League of KVN. In March 2000, Anton was given the opportunity to take a place of honour among members of the jury of the Higher League.
In 1994, on the announcement, he came to work for Radio Maximum as an attendant and a freelance correspondent. Collaborated with numerous radio stations
On television first appeared in 1997, making his debut as a host on BIZ-TV. In September 1998 he began to work on the TV channel MTV Russia, where he gained fame and popularity. Anton was the host of the programs 'Big Cinema' along with Yana Churikova and Playstation with Tatyana Gevorkyan.
Since September 5, 2011 paired with Elena Abitayeva is a radio station Europa Plus.
Together with Olga Shelest voiced the advertisement IPhone 6.
In 2010, the name of Anton Komolov named a new species of protists, Acanthocystis antonkomolovi (Centroheliozoa).
Awards and nominations
TEFI: the best entertainment program leader (2001), sport program (2015) — nominations
Radiomania: best leading programs, shows (along with Olga Shelest).
Personal life
Anton's wife is Vladlena. In 2006 they had a son Andrei.
References
External links
Official website
Биография Антона Комолова на Cosmo.ru
Антон Комолов о профессии ведущего. Интервью Mediajobs.ru
1974 births
Living people
Mass media people from Moscow
Russian television presenters
Russian radio personalities
Russian male journalists
VJs (media personalities)
Russian male voice actors
Neville Callam is General Secretary Emeritus of the Baptist World Alliance.
Callam was born in Jamaica to a committed Baptist family, his father a deacon and his mother involved in other ministries. He discovered his own Christian faith as a teenager.
Callam was educated at the United Theological College of the West Indies, the University of the West Indies, and Harvard Divinity School and was ordained in 1977. In his pastoral ministry Callam has served as senior pastor of the Grace/Mineral Heights and Tarrant/Balmagie Circuits. He is also an academic specialising in Christian ethics and theology and has taught at the United Theological College of the West Indies, the Caribbean Graduate School of Theology, and Jamaica Theological Seminary, and, as a visiting lecturer, at Barbados Baptist College. He has also served on the University Council of Jamaica, the accrediting body for colleges and universities in Jamaica. He has written five books and published journal articles and book chapters. He is a popular speaker at forums, symposiums, seminars and workshops throughout the world.
Callam has also enjoyed a career in the media. He created and ran The Breath of Change (TBC FM), a religious radio station, and was a founding director of the National Religious Media Company of Jamaica, the operator of LOVE FM and LOVE TV. He has also served as Chairman of the Board of the Public Broadcasting Corporation of Jamaica.
Callam has a long career in the service of the Jamaica Baptist Union. He has held the positions of chairman of the media commission, general treasurer, acting general secretary, and finally, president, serving terms 1985-87 and 2000-02. He has been vice president of the Caribbean Baptist Fellowship and from 2000 until 2005 he was vice president of the Baptist World Alliance, having served on many of its committees, commissions, and workgroups, including the general council and executive committee. On 6 July 2007 he was elected General Secretary of the BWA during a meeting of the general council at Accra.
Callam has been married for over thirty years and has two children.
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Baptist theologians
20th-century Protestant theologians
Baptist writers
Jamaican television people
Jamaican Baptist ministers
Religion academics
Harvard Divinity School alumni
University of the West Indies academics
University of the West Indies alumni
20th-century Baptist ministers
21st-century Baptist ministers
Alumni of the United Theological College, Jamaica
Rudolf Robert Maier (9 April 1824 – 7 November 1888) was a German pathologist who was a native of Freiburg im Breisgau.
He studied medicine at the University of Freiburg, where one of his instructors was orthopedist Louis Stromeyer (1804–1876). He furthered his medical training in Vienna with Carl Rokitansky (1804–1878), Joseph Hyrtl (1810–1894) and Josef Skoda (1805–1881), and in Würzburg under Rudolf Virchow (1821–1902). Afterwards, he returned to Freiburg, where in 1859 he became an associate professor. He later attained a full professorship, and in 1864 founded the first institute of pathological anatomy at Freiburg.
With Adolf Kussmaul (1822–1902), Maier provided the first comprehensive description of periarteritis nodosa, a condition sometimes referred to as "Kussmaul-Maier disease". The two doctors described their findings in the inaugural edition of the journal Deutsches Archiv für klinische Medicin, a publication co-founded by Friedrich Albert von Zenker (1825–1898) and Hugo Wilhelm von Ziemssen (1829–1902).
He died in 1888 following a massive goiter disease with bronchoconstriction.
Writings
Among Maier's written works were biographical treatises on 16th century physicians, Johannes Schenck von Grafenberg (1530–1598) and Michael Servetus (1511–1553). Other noted writings of his include:
Über den Bau der Thränenorgane, insbesondere der thränenleitenden Wege. 1 Teil. Thränenorgane des Menschen, Freiburg 1859.
Über eine bisher nicht beschriebene eigenthümliche Arterienerkrankung (Periarteritis nodosa), die mit Morbus Brightii und rapid fortschreitender, allgemeiner Muskellähmung einhergeht. (About a previously undescribed peculiar arterial disease (periarteritis nodosa), which is associated with Bright's disease and rapidly progressive generalized muscle paralysis (with Adolf Kussmaul); Deutsches Archiv für klinische Medicin, Leipzig 1866; 1: 484–518.
Lehrbuch der allgemeinen pathologischen Anatomie. (Textbook of general pathological anatomy), Leipzig 1871.
Associated eponym
"Maier's sinus": A depression in the internal surface of the lacrimal sac.
References
This article is based on a translation of an equivalent article from the German Wikipedia.
Bibliography @ Who Named It
1824 births
1888 deaths
German pathologists
Physicians from Freiburg im Breisgau
University of Freiburg faculty
Robinswood Road is a tram stop for Phase 3b of the Manchester Metrolink. It opened on 3 November 2014. and is on the Airport Line on Simonsway at the junction of Brownley Road and Ruddpark Road, with Manchester Airport-bound services stopping to the left of the junction and Manchester-bound services stopping to the right. For a brief period during construction, it appeared the stop would simply be named "Robinswood". Its up and down platforms are staggered (one on each side of a side road) and not opposite each other.
Services
Trams run every 12 minutes north to Manchester Victoria and south to Manchester Airport (every 20 minutes before 6 am).
A 2010 Greater Manchester Integrated Transport Authority report for resolution deemed the stop as non essential.
It suggested a saving of £1.2 million could have been made by removing the stop from the scheme without any detriment to future income. The stop is within a couple of minutes walk of the Wythenshawe Town Centre stop and the Peel Hall stop.
The stop is one of the least used on the Metrolink network.
Ticket zones
Robinswood Road stop is located in Metrolink ticket zone 4.
References
External links
Metrolink stop information
Robinswood Road area map
Light Rail Transit Association
Airport route map
Tram stops in Manchester
Guerrilla Gardeners was an Australian television show that was broadcast on Network Ten. The show takes its name and basic premise from the guerrilla gardening environmental movement. Premiering on 18 February 2009, it was axed in April 2009 due to struggling viewership figures and an unsuccessful timeslot change, with a number of episodes still to be aired but was picked up by Network Ten's digital channel One on 26 July 2011. The show caused controversy due to the activities portrayed in the program.
Overview
The show involves a group of six "guerrilla gardeners" attempting to covertly beautify urban eyesores such as abandoned lots or bleak public spaces without being caught by the authorities. Five of the guerrilla gardeners are experienced in landscape and horticulture, while sixth member and host Dave Lawson was hired primarily for his ability to "spin lies to the councils when they turned up".
Controversy
The gardeners' work is done without seeking consent from the owners of the land, and is often completed through subterfuge and by defying trespass laws. Because of this, a finished Guerrilla Gardeners project was threatened with removal by Marrickville Council, while a project in Sutherland Shire was halted halfway through construction due to council interference, with the unfinished plantings later removed. The producers were also issued with a fine by the council, which they challenged. Ten also accused Canterbury Council of preparing to destroy work featured in the series' first episode, though these claims were later found to be premature and incorrect.
Sutherland Shire asserted that its removal of a Guerrilla Gardeners project was due to factors such as the team's failure to take into account soil quality, and the unauthorised installation of plants and decorations which might create a distraction for motorists. The council also claimed that the gardeners failed to comply with traffic and workplace safety rules during construction. Producers of the show have stated that they will respect any council decisions regarding what becomes of their work.
Episodes
Notes
References
Network 10 original programming
2009 Australian television series debuts
2009 Australian television series endings
Australian non-fiction television series
Gardening television
Guerrilla gardening
Hider Hanani (b. 1963), alias Amar Makhlulif and kunya Abu Doha (), is an Algerian alleged to be member of the al-Qaeda and GSPC terrorist networks.
Hanani claimed asylum when he first arrived in Britain in 1994. He left the country for Afghanistan from 1996 to 1999, where he admittedly attended the Khalden training camp.
As a result of a German terrorism investigation, Hanani was arrested at London Heathrow Airport in February 2001 while attempting to travel to Jeddah, Saudi Arabia on a forged passport. Hanani was held on terrorism charges while his traveling companion Rabah Kadre was suspected of an immigration violation.
Hanani was indicted in the United States in August 2001 for being the mastermind of the plot to bomb the Los Angeles airport during the 2000 millennium celebrations. When Ahmed Ressam was apprehended, he had a business card with Hanani's number and calling cards which were used to call it 11 days earlier. Ressam's testimony provided evidence for the indictment, but after he stopped cooperating with prosecutors, they dropped the case in 2005. Hanani has admitted meeting Ahmed Ressam in Jalalabad, but not being involved in the millennium bombing plot.
After the U.S. extradition request was dropped, Hanani was held in prison under immigration powers by the British government. Hanani was held in Belmarsh Prison. In July 2008, the Special Immigration Appeals Commission released him on bail, under 24-hour house arrest. Although the British press was forced to identify him only as "U", details in the ruling identifies him clearly as Hanani. In February 2009, Hanani was returned to Belmarsh Prison on the orders of the Home Secretary Jacqui Smith. After writing a statement that said he and his world views had changed, Hanani was released to house arrest again in a ruling in July 2011.
Other allegations
A call from Frankfort, Germany on 24 December 2000 to Hanani was intercepted by MI5. The caller asked for more money and referred to an upcoming mission. The intercept was passed to German police and resulted in the arrest of the Strasbourg cathedral bombing plotters. At their trial, the German judge said Hanani encouraged the perpetrators to carry out the attack. He was also linked to the plot in a trial in France.
Italy investigated Hanani in connection with a plot to bomb the American embassy in Rome by a group in Milan, Italy.
All three countries deferred to the United States' extradition request, but when that was dropped, they could not pursue Hanani because the trials in these incidents were over.
References
External links
Algerian al-Qaeda members
Living people
Islamic terrorism in France
Islamic terrorism in the United Kingdom
Millennium attack plots
1963 births
21st-century Algerian people
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Monroe County, Indiana.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Monroe County, Indiana, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a map.
There are 49 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Another property was once listed but has been removed.
Properties and districts located in incorporated areas display the name of the municipality, while properties and districts in unincorporated areas display the name of their civil township. Properties and districts split between multiple jurisdictions display the names of all jurisdictions.
Current listings
|}
Former listing
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Indiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Indiana
Listings in neighboring counties: Brown, Greene, Jackson, Lawrence, Morgan, Owen
List of Indiana state historical markers in Monroe County
References
Monroe County
Chalaki may refer to:
Chalaki, Golestan (, Chālakī)
Chalaki, Razavi Khorasan (Persian: , Chālākī)
Resolution Subglacial Highlands is a line of subglacial highlands in the interior of Wilkes Land, running NNW–SSE and separating Adventure Subglacial Trench from Wilkes Subglacial Basin. The feature was delineated by the Scott Polar Research Institute (SPRI)–National Science Foundation (NSF)–Technical University of Denmark (TUD) airborne radio echo sounding program, 1967–79, and was named after HMS Resolution, flagship of the British expedition, 1772–75 (Captain James Cook, RN).
Plateaus of Antarctica
Landforms of Wilkes Land
Highlands
The following is a list of campuses with chapters and colonies currently recognized by the Delta Tau Delta International Fraternity ordered by the institution name to which the chapter is chartered.
Active chapters
Albion College, Epsilon chapter
Allegheny College, Alpha chapter, Chartered 1875
American University, Theta Epsilon chapter, Chartered 1990
Appalachian State University, Iota Kappa chapter, Chartered 2007
Arizona State University, Theta Gamma chapter
Auburn University, Epsilon Alpha chapter, Chartered 1952, Rechartered 2004
Babson College, Chartered December 4, 2010
Baker University, Gamma Theta chapter
Ball State University, Epsilon Mu chapter
Baylor University, Theta Delta chapter
Bethany College, Theta Founding chapter
Boston University, Beta Sigma chapter
Bowling Green State University, Delta Tau chapter
Bradley University, Zeta Omega chapter
Butler University, Beta Zeta chapter
Carnegie Mellon University, Delta Beta chapter, Chartered 1923, Rechartered 2010
Case Western Reserve University, Zeta chapter, Chartered 1882
Chapman University, Iota Epsilon chapter, Chartered 2001
College of Charleston, Kappa Zeta chapter, Chartered 2016
College of Idaho, Theta Psi chapter, Chartered 1999
The College of New Jersey, Kappa Epsilon chapter, Chartered March 5, 2016
Cornell University, Beta Omicron chapter, Chartered 1890
Clemson University, Theta Mu chapter, Rechartered 2012
DePaul University
DePauw University, Beta Beta chapter
Duke University, Delta Kappa chapter
East Carolina University, Kappa Iota, Chartered 2022
Eastern Illinois University, Zeta Rho chapter, Chartered 1981
Eastern Michigan University, Theta Xi chapter
Emory University, Beta Epsilon chapter
Florida Atlantic University, Iota Nu chapter, Chartered 2010
Florida Institute of Technology, Iota Xi chapter, Chartered 2010
Florida State University, Delta Phi chapter, Chartered 1949
The George Washington University, Gamma Eta chapter, Chartered 1903, Rechartered 2010
Georgia Institute of Technology, Gamma Psi chapter
Georgia Southern University, Epsilon Omega chapter
Grand Valley State University, Iota Upsilon chapter, Chartered April 13, 2013
Illinois Institute of Technology, Gamma Beta chapter, Chartered 1901
Hillsdale College, Kappa chapter, Chartered 1867, Rechartered 2009
Iowa State University, Gamma Pi chapter
James Madison University, Kappa Beta chapter, Chartered in 2014
John Carroll University, Iota Iota chapter, Chartered April 28, 2007
Kennesaw State University, Iota Theta chapter, Chartered 2004
Kent State University, Delta Omega chapter, Chartered 1950
Kenyon College, Chi chapter, Chartered 1881
Kettering University, Epsilon Iota-A chapter
Kettering University, Epsilon Iota-B chapter, Chartered March 1963
Lafayette College, Nu chapter, Chartered 1874, Rechartered 2017
LaGrange College, Zeta Beta chapter, Chartered 1970
Lawrence University
Lindenwood University, Iota Chi chapter, Chartered 2014
Marietta College, Epsilon Upsilon chapter, Chartered 1967
Marquette University, Zeta Alpha chapter, Chartered May 2016
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Missouri University of Science and Technology, Epsilon Nu chapter, Chartered 1966
Moravian College, Theta Tau chapter, Chartered 1997
Monmouth University, Kappa Gamma chapter, Chartered 2015
Morehead State University, Zeta Zeta chapter
Mount St. Joseph University, Kappa Eta chapter, Chartered 2018
Muhlenberg College, Theta Chi chapter, Chartered 1996, Rechartered 2003
North Dakota State University, Iota Sigma chapter, Chartered 2012
Northeastern University, Iota Psi chapter, Chartered 2014
Northwestern University, Beta Pi chapter, Chartered 2012
Ohio State University, Beta Phi chapter
Ohio University, Beta chapter, Chartered 1862, Rechartered 2018
Ohio Wesleyan University, Mu chapter, Chartered 1866
Oklahoma State University, Delta Chi chapter, Chartered 1959
Oregon State University, Delta Lambda chapter, Chartered 1930, Rechartered 2018
Pepperdine University, Iota Rho chapter, Chartered 2012
Purdue University, Gamma Lambda chapter, Established 1907
Quincy University, Iota Delta chapter, Founded 2000
Quinnipiac University, Iota Mu chapter, Chartered February 26, 2011
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Upsilon chapter, Founded 1879
Robert Morris University, Zeta Mu chapter, Rechartered April 11, 2015
Sacred Heart University, Iota Tau Chapter, Charted March 23, 2012
Sam Houston State University, Epsilon Zeta chapter, Chartered 1960
Southeastern Louisiana University, Epsilon Phi chapter, Founded April 12, 1969
Stanford University, Beta Rho chapter, Founded 1893
Stephen F. Austin University, Zeta Psi chapter
Stevens Institute of Technology, Rho chapter, Founded 1874
Texas A&M University, Zeta Sigma chapter, Chartered 1982
Texas A&M University–Commerce, Epsilon Eta chapter, Chartered 1961
Texas Christian University, Epsilon Beta chapter, Chartered 1955
Texas State University, Zeta Delta chapter
Texas Tech University, Epsilon Delta chapter
Tufts University, Beta Mu chapter, Founded 1889
Tulane University, Beta Xi chapter
University of Alabama, Delta Eta chapter
University of California, Los Angeles, Delta Iota chapter
University of California, Riverside, Theta Lambda chapter, Chartered Oct. 29, 1994
University of California, Santa Barbara, Delta Psi chapter, Chartered 1949, Rechartered Oct. 22 2011
University of Cincinnati, Gamma Xi chapter
University of Connecticut, Kappa Theta chapter, Chartered 2021
University of Delaware, Delta Upsilon chapter, Chartered 1948, Rechartered 2011
University of Florida, Delta Zeta chapter, Chartered 1925, 1996
University of Georgia, Beta Delta chapter
University of Idaho, Delta Mu chapter
University of Illinois, Beta Upsilon chapter
University of Iowa, Omicron chapter
University of Kansas, Gamma Tau chapter
University of Kentucky, Delta Epsilon chapter, Chartered 1924
University of Maine, Gamma Nu chapter, Chartered 1908
University of Michigan, Delta chapter, Chartered 2008 (Founded 1871)
University of Minnesota, Beta Eta chapter, Established in 1883
University of Missouri, Gamma Kappa chapter, Established 1905
University of Nebraska, Beta Tau chapter
University of Nebraska at Kearney, Theta Kappa chapter
University of North Dakota, Delta Xi chapter
University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill, Gamma Omega Crescent Colony, Rechartered Spring 2018
University of North Carolina Wilmington, Zeta Tau chapter
University of Oklahoma, Delta Alpha chapter
University of Oregon, Gamma Rho chapter
University of Pennsylvania, Omega chapter
University of San Diego, Theta Zeta chapter
University of South Carolina, Theta Eta, Rechartered 2020
University of Southern California, Delta Pi chapter, Chartered 1941, Rechartered 2003
University of South Dakota, Delta Gamma chapter
University of South Florida, Epsilon Pi chapter, Charterd 1968, Rechartered 2017
University of Southern Mississippi, Zeta Chi chapter, Chartered April 1986
University of Tennessee, Delta Delta chapter
University of Texas, Gamma Iota chapter
University of Texas at Arlington, Epsilon Rho Chapter
University of Texas at Dallas, Iota Omega chapter, Chartered Sep 6, 2014
University of the South, Beta Theta chapter, Chartered 1883
University of Vermont, Iota Pi chapter, Chartered April 30, 2011
University of Washington, Gamma Mu chapter
University of Wisconsin–Eau Claire, Iota Phi chapter, Chartered May 11, 2013
University of Wisconsin–Madison, Beta Gamma chapter
Vanderbilt University, Lambda chapter, Chartered 1886, Rechartered March 22, 2014
Villanova University, Zeta Theta chapter
Washington & Jefferson College, Gamma chapter, Chartered February 22, 1861
Wabash College, Beta Psi chapter, Chartered 1872, Rechartered November 6, 2016
Washington State University, Epsilon Gamma Chapter
Western Illinois University, Zeta Lambda chapter
Western Kentucky University, Epsilon Xi chapter, Rechartered November 14, 2020
Westminster College, Delta Omicron chapter
Wittenberg University, Iota Beta chapter
Wright State University, Iota Gamma chapter
Colonies
Alumnus chapters
Inactive chapters
References
External links
http://www.delts.org/ - Official Site
Lists of chapters of the United States student societies by society
Delta Tau Delta
Pedro Manuel Barata de Macedo Lima (20 April 1971 – 20 June 2020) was a Portuguese-Angolan actor, appearing in telenovelas in Portugal. He was also an Olympic swimmer.
Swimming
He represented Angola in 1988 and 1992 at the Summer Olympics.
Lima participated in several swimming contests but never advanced past preliminaries. In 1988, he was disqualified from the Men's 50 m freestyle, finished 62nd in the Men's 100 m freestyle, 42nd in the Men's 100 m butterfly. In 1992, Lima finished 43rd in the Men's 50 m freestyle and 53rd in the Men's 100 m butterfly. Lima also won a gold and bronze medal at the 1991 All-Africa Games, he won the gold medal in the Men's 50 m freestyle and a bronze in the Men's 100 m butterfly
As of 2018, Lima held two national records for Angola the 50 m freestyle record set at the 1991 All-Africa Games of 23.98 seconds and the 100 m backstroke record of 59.30 seconds.
Acting
After being invited to host a TV show about cinema called Magacine, he had roles in Portuguese soap operas like O Último Beijo, Ninguém como Tu, Fala-me de Amor, Ilha dos Amores and A Outra. He also starred in the 2009 movie Second Life.
Personal life
Lima was partner of model Anna Westerlund, with whom he had four children. He also had an adult son from a previous relationship with Patrícia Piloto.
Death
On 20 June 2020, Lima's body was found at in Cascais, in what appeared to have been a suicide. He reportedly sent out farewell messages to two acquaintances earlier on this day.
Filmography
References
External links
1971 births
2020 deaths
2020 suicides
Sportspeople from Luanda
Angolan male swimmers
Portuguese male butterfly swimmers
Portuguese male freestyle swimmers
Angolan people of Portuguese descent
Angolan expatriates in Portugal
Olympic swimmers of Angola
Swimmers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Angolan male actors
Portuguese male actors
African Games medalists in swimming
African Games gold medalists for Angola
African Games bronze medalists for Angola
Competitors at the 1991 All-Africa Games
Suicides by drowning
Suicides in Portugal
Portuguese people of Angolan descent
The 1984 Jordanian League (known as The Jordanian League, was the 34th season of Jordan League since its inception in 1944. Amman SC won its first title.
The 1984 Jordan League season saw 12 teams in competition.
Teams
Map
League standings
References
RSSSF
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
Reeves Peninsula () is a snow-covered peninsula along the north side of Edward VII Peninsula. It extends between the lower ends of the Dalton Glacier and Gerry Glacier into southern Sulzberger Bay. This area was explored from the air and rudely mapped by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition, 1928–30. The peninsula was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959–65. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN), at the suggestion of Admiral R.E. Byrd, for John M. Reeves (of Reeves Brothers, Inc.) who assisted the Byrd Antarctic Expedition of 1928-30 and 1933–35 with contributions of sheepskin-lined coats, and by the development and donation of windproof material for cold weather clothing.
Peninsulas of Antarctica
King Edward VII Land
Below is a current list of covered bridges in Virginia. There are six historic covered bridges remaining in the U.S. state of Virginia, all still at their original locations.
Below is a list of some of the other historic covered bridges in Virginia which were destroyed, removed, or altered.
See also
List of bridges documented by the Historic American Engineering Record in Virginia
List of bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
References
Dale J. Travis Covered Bridges. VA Covered Bridges: Credits. Retrieved Nov. 12, 2007.
Virginia is for Lovers: Covered Bridges in Virginia. VA Covered Bridges: Credits. Retrieved Nov. 12, 2007.
Virginia Department of Transportation. VA Covered Bridges: Credits. Retrieved Nov. 12, 2007.
Covered Bridges Along the Blue Ridge VA Covered Bridges: Credits. Retrieved Nov. 12, 2007.
External links
Covered Bridges in Virginia (Virginia Department of Transportation)
Covered Bridges in Virginia (Virginia Tourism Corporation)
Virginia Covered Bridges List (Dale J. Travis)
Bridges
Virginia covered bridges
Bridges
Podor is a small impact crater in the Argyre quadrangle of Mars, on the northeast rim of the larger crater Hooke, located at 44.11° N and 43.14° W. It is 25.08 km in diameter. Its name was approved in 1976 by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) Working Group for Planetary System Nomenclature (WGPSN), and was named after Podor, a town in Senegal.
See also
List of craters on Mars: O-Z
References
Impact craters on Mars
Argyre quadrangle
Juan Joya Cordero (February 25, 1934 – March 29, 2007) was a Peruvian association football player, recognized as one of Peru's most important strikers. He was a historic forward of the Club Atlético Peñarol of Uruguay of the 1960s, being a prominent member of the Best South American team of the twentieth century with which he won the Copa Libertadores of 1961 and 1966, the Intercontinental Cups of those years, the Intercontinental Champions' Supercup of 1969 and six Uruguayan Championships. He also defended the colors of Alianza Lima, Juan Aurich and River Plate of Argentina. He was considered as one of the best wingers in the world in the 1960s and remembered as one of the most famous Peruvian footballers of all time. Part of the Peñarol ideal team of all time.
He was a splendid, skillful, powerful and fast forward who played 9 seasons for Club Atlético Peñarol, from 1961 to 1969. With the aurinegra jacket he played 132 games, scoring 80 goals. He was the owner of the left wing of the coal attack during the 9 seasons that he defended the Best South American team of the 20th century and was nicknamed "Owner of the Olympic" due to the proximity of the Tribune Olímpica, a sector through which he was able to show his unquestionable skills.
“Negro el once” (nickname acquired in Uruguay, placed by Heber Pinto, radio commentator) playing in Peñarol he won the Uruguayan Championships of 1961, 1962, 1964, 1965, 1967 and 1968, thus achieving 6 Uruguayan Championships in 9 seasons. It was also awarded 2 Copa Libertadores (1961 and 1966), two Intercontinental Cups (1961 and 1966) and one Intercontinental Champions' Supercup (1969). In all these tournaments, Joya was a key player in the conquest, being accompanied by players of the stature of Alberto Spencer, Pedro Virgilio Rocha, Julio César Abbadie, Ermindo Onega, among others. Joya scored two of the 5 goals that Peñarol converted to Benfica in 1961, to achieve the first Intercontinental Cup of Peñarol. He played four finals of the Copa Libertadores and managed to become champion twice and was the undisputed starter in all of them.
In his other teams, Joya achieved two Peruvian championships with Alianza Lima in 1954 and 1955 and was the top scorer in the Peruvian League in 1957, scoring 17 goals in 18 games. He also played for River Plate in Argentina and Juan Aurich in Peru. In his previous club (Alianza Lima) he had always served as a forward striker, but when he reached Peñarol he was used, by the then Peñarol coach Roberto Scarone, as a midfielder for left sector.
With the Peru national football team, he played the Copa América in 1959 and was a participant in the same year in the historic 4-1 win against England, where he contributed to the great victory by scoring the fourth goal.
Playing career
Also known as "Negro el once", Joya was born in Lima, where he started his playing career in the youth team of Alianza Lima. Joya helped the team to win back-to-back titles in 1954 and 1955. In 1958, he scored 17 goals in 18 matches of the Peruvian league, making him the league's top goalscorer.
In 1960, he joined River Plate of Argentina. He helped reach second place at the Argentina championship.
In 1961 he joined Peñarol where he was part of the team that won 6 Uruguayan league championships, two Copa Libertadores and a two Copa Intercontinental.
Joya played 9 games for the Peru national team in which he scored 3. He played in two Copa América in 1957 and 1959. Joya was part of the Peru national team which beat England 4–1 in Lima, a game in which he scored the fourth goal.
Honours
Team
Individual awards
Peruvian League: Top Scorer 1958
References
External links
1934 births
2007 deaths
Footballers from Lima
Association football wingers
Peruvian footballers
Peru international footballers
Club Alianza Lima footballers
Club Atlético River Plate footballers
Peñarol players
Juan Aurich footballers
Peruvian Primera División players
Argentine Primera División players
Uruguayan Primera División players
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
Expatriate footballers in Uruguay
Uruguayan footballers
Uruguay international footballers
Dual internationalists (football)
Peruvian expatriate footballers
Daulat is a 1982 Bollywood action film directed by Mohan Segal.The film stars Vinod Khanna, Raj Babbar, Zeenat Aman and Amjad Khan in lead roles. The music was composed by R D Burman. A couple of songs became popular. "Teri Har Ada Hai Haseen", duet song sung by Kishore Kumar and Asha Bhosale, is an evergreen, charming classic.
Cast
Vinod Khanna as Ravi / Kunwar Dilip Singh
Zeenat Aman as Geeta
Raj Babbar as Sushil
Deven Verma as Murli
Amjad Khan as Joseph D'Souza / Mr. Tripathi
Shreeram Lagoo as Ghanshyam / Vikram Singh
Om Shivpuri as Police Commissioner Chaudhary
Chand Usmani as Mrs. Chaudhary
Sarla Yeolekar as Sushma's Aunty
Sarika as Sushma
Ramesh Deo as Dharamdas
Seema Deo as Radhika
Birbal as Mothu
Dev Kumar as Raghunath Singh
Mac Mohan as Shekhar Singh
Yunus Parvez as Daaga
Music
The music was composed by Rahul Dev Burman and lyrics written by Vitthalbhai Patel and Nida Fazli.
Playback singers
Lata Mangeshkar
Asha Bhosle
Kishore Kumar
Suresh Wadkar
External links
1982 films
Indian crime action films
1980s Hindi-language films
1980s crime action films
Films scored by R. D. Burman
Hindi-language action films
Lee Costello is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Great Britain.
Career statistics
2013- 19th, British Superbike Championship #39 Kawasaki ZX-10R
2012- 5th, British National Superstock 1000 Championship #39 Kawasaki ZX-10R
2011- 20th, British National Superstock 1000 Championship #39 Honda CBR1000RR
2010- 29th, British National Superstock 1000 Championship #39 Honda CBR1000RR
2009- NC, British National Superstock 1000 Championship #14 Honda CBR1000RR
2008- 12th, British 125cc Championship #14 Honda RS125R
2007- 8th, British 125cc Championship #87 Honda RS125R
2006- 25th, British 125cc Championship #12 Honda RS125R
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
Living people
1986 births
English motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
FIM Superstock 1000 Cup riders
Cleopatra Broumand Birrenbach is a Persian-American designer, innovator, conceptualist, and entrepreneur in the apparel and related industries. Her international upbringing, education, and keen knowledge of several languages enabled her to develop a broad global network of personal and business contacts who called upon her intricate technical designing capacity to develop workable solutions. In return for the opportunities America has offered her, Birrenbach is a successful fundraiser for various human causes, supporter of the fine arts and culinary world. She is driven by her deep conviction for the empowerment and emancipation of women worldwide.
Early life
Born in Tehran, Iran, she is the youngest of six children: Hormoz, Dariush, Fereshteh, Keykavous and Cyrus. Her father, Khalil Broumand, was a businessman in the oil industry in Russia. He returned to Iran after the Bolshevik revolution and started a new life. Her mother Farangis, a graduate of American School in Iran, named her after watching Claudette Colbert play the Egyptian queen in a classic movie. At 8 years old, she announced to her mother her intentions of becoming a fashion designer. Insisting that she wanted to become the next Christian Dior, young Birrenbach enrolled in design and sewing classes. Her father, who had a penchant for things American, sent 15-year-old Cleopatra to live with her older brother who had earlier moved to Indianapolis, Indiana.
Starting anew in Indianapolis, Birrenbach attended Pike High School and at 17, claiming her individuality, she wrote her own Declaration of Independence to her father, brothers, and the patriarchal society at large. Following her high school graduation, she moved to New York City to study design at the Fashion Institute of Technology. Before graduating from FIT, 21- year old Birrenbach established her first fashion business, Cleopatra Broumand Boutique, Inc., designing and manufacturing ready-to-wear women's fashion.
Career
Early success
Birrenbach's early designs reflected both her continued quest for emancipation and her Persian origins. Her father's Persian Abba, a square shaped garment with armholes traditionally worn by men, was the inspiration for her initial collection and one of her most popular womenswear and menswear given its powerful, opulent look and freedom of movement.
Buyers were drawn to her marriage of Eastern wisdom and Western practicality, and her designs were sought out by the likes of Neiman Marcus, Saks Fifth Avenue, Henri Bendel, and Bergdorf Goodman, which was the first to display her designs in their windows four times in the same year. At the same time, she launched Cleopatra Coffee, her own special blend packaged with a Persian coffee maker which sold at Neiman Marcus, Bloomingdale's and B. Altman's. (She is credited with producing one of the first designer food products). In the late 1960s, Cleopatra's buyers and private customers were invited to a miniature museum of Persian artifacts, where she would read their fortune from their coffee grounds.
Having learned how to cook especially northern Persian delicacies from her mother, Birrenbach considers cooking an art form. In early 1974, she was featured in Craig Claiborne's Favorites from the New York Times, published by Times Books. Bareh Maveh (lamb with fruits), Abgushteh Limon (lemon soup), Fosenjohn (duck and meatballs in walnut and pomegranate sauce), and Chello (plain rice with saffron) were among the featured dishes she prepared. In 2000, she became a member of the International Association of Culinary Professionals by invitation of its co-founder, Julia Child.
International work
In 1972, Cleopatra married Thomas Birrenbach, a steel company executive with the German Thyssen Group. He is the son of Dr. Kurt Birrenbach, Chairman of the Supervisory Board of the Thyssen Group (today ThyssenKrupp) and Member of the German Bundestag (Parliament). As special advisor and emissary of Chancellor Ludwig Erhard, he is credited with having established in 1965 the diplomatic relations between the State of Israel and the Federal Republic of Germany. See “Meine Sondermissionen” by Kurt Birrenbach, published by ECON Verlag Duesseldorf in 1984. Thomas' mother was Ida Wangemann Birrenbach from Münster, Germany. Birrenbach spent the next ten years living and working around the world, in China, Germany, India, Italy, Iran, Japan, Russia, and Scotland. Aided by her knowledge of several languages, Birrenbach became a global fashion influence.
While residing in Germany, she launched Cyrus International, a Swiss-based consulting company advising American and European firms on marketing and operations in Iran.
At the request of the Thyssen Group of companies, Birrenbach accompanied her husband to Tehran to further develop the ongoing construction of Iranian oil and gas refineries and the acquisition of other major capital goods projects. Time spent in Iran covered the period before, during and after the Iranian Revolution.
In 1977, at the request of her mentor Shirley Goodman, Executive Vice President of FIT, and under the auspices of Empress Farah Pahlavi of Iran, Cleopatra directed the establishment of a FIT-subsidiary in Tehran. Because of the ensuing revolutionary turmoil this historic development did not come to fruition.
At their Tehran residence in October 1977, the Birrenbachs introduced U.S. Vice President Nelson Rockefeller and Happy Rockefeller, who were on a visit for the opening of the Museum of Contemporary Art in Tehran, to Iranian-American artist Marcos Grigorian. This introduction led to the acquisition of several of his artworks. Mr. Rockefeller eventually donated one of Grigorian's "Earthworks" to the Museum of Modern Art in New York City.
In 1979, the Chinese government invited her to high-level talks in Beijing as an advisor to the National China Textile Corporation on state-of-the-art technology and marketing know-how available in the United States.
On December 10, 1987, General Secretary Mikhail Gorbachev hosted a dinner in honor of President and Mrs. Ronald Reagan at the Soviet Embassy in Washington D.C. On this occasion, Cleopatra was introduced to Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze who, in the spirit of Glasnost (Openness) and Perestroika (Restructuring), took a vivid interest in her line of work and invited her and her husband to a series of fact finding visits to Moscow, Leningrad, Tbilisi, Tashkent, etc. Based on her experience in China the purpose was to assess the needs of the antiquated textile and garment factories and to introduce western merchandising and marketing strategies to the Russian Ministry of Light Industries and Textiles. Following numerous countrywide visits, she presented proposals for their modernization. In the late 1980s, as advisor to the project “Russia in the World of Fashion,” she conducted negotiations with the Ministry of Culture, the Director of the Hermitage Museum in St. Petersburg, and the Vice-Chairman of the Cultural Foundation of Russia, helping Russia to become a contender in international fashion.
In 1989, as Artistic Liaison together with Tair Salakhov, contemporary artist and First Secretary of the USSR Artists' Union, she initiated and coordinated the first art exchange between the USSR and the Santa Fe Chamber Music Festival an art exhibition related to the legacy of renown Russian composer and artist Dmitri Shostakovich (1906-1975).
In 1987 Scottish knitting manufacturer Peter Scott praised her for “having advanced their industry a decade in technology.”
In her travels, she not only influenced global manufacturing based on Western practices, but returned with Eastern goods and inspirations. She spearheaded a collaboration between Empress Farah and Vice President Nelson Rockefeller on the reproduction of antique Persian jewelries and artifacts for the American market. The Iranian Revolution impeded such development.
With the Indian Government and non-governmental manufacturers, she developed and jointly produced lines of beadings, embroideries, and silks for the United States market.
Re-emergence as a prominent designer
In 1983, upon returning to the United States, Birrenbach re-emerged as one of America's innovative designers on New York's Seventh Avenue and launched her classic, timeless, and colorful collections of women's ready-to-wear, eveningwear, menswear, and accessories in the designer and couture categories.
As CEO of Cleopatra Broumand, Inc., her second fashion venture, she presided over a diversified operation with productions in Italy and the Far East, distributing to two hundred top specialty stores and boutiques throughout America, Europe, and Japan.
Cleopatra's Fall '83 collection was based on an ancient “Sun Man” mask and “Lady Sun,” as well as starbursts and crescent moons. All her silk prints were computer designed and produced in the Como region of Italy by producers such as: Etro, Corisia, Taroni, etc. Her Cashmeres and Alpaca were from Loro Piana and Agnona.
For her Fall '84 collection, she drew inspiration from contemporary artist Marcos Grigorian's “Earth Work” revealing its cracks and from German Zero Group artist Adolf Luther's “Light and Matter”(Licht+Materie) coil motif. A computer design knitted face with red lips and an asymmetrical collar on the sweaters were among other popular designs in the collection. Her evening designs included quilted silk jackets, pleated skirts, and lightly embroidered silk shirts. In this same season, with the cracked earth and coil motives, she premiered a collection of men's sweaters after actor Paul Newman inquired about menswear while attending an earlier womenswear trunk show and personal appearance in Beverly Hills.
Her Fall '85 collection drew inspiration from the Houghton Shahnameh or Book of Kings, 16th century miniature illustrations of 10th century Persian writer Ferdowsi's poetry. A sweater from this collection was included in a time capsule placed at New York Marriott Marquis' grand opening ceremony on October 8, 1985.
Reminiscent of her earlier designs, garments inspired by the medieval world reflected Birrenbach's continued quest for emancipation and empowerment. The sword, falcon, and metallic glint of armor appeared in her Fall '86 designs which retained their softness in their knitted and silk textures or delicate embroidery as the breastplate inspired pieces did.
Press publications across the United States deemed “Cleopatra's woman a woman of tomorrow with yesterday's romance” and credited her ability to marry the modern with the exotic.
Bergdorf Goodman, Neiman Marcus, Saks Fifth Avenue, Bloomingdale's, Barneys, Takashimaya, Henri Bendel, Nordstrom, Bullocks Wilshire, etc. are among the stores which carried her line.
Celebrity clients included the likes of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, Gloria Swanson, Elizabeth Taylor, Joan Collins, Linda Evans, Whitney Houston, Jill St. John, Yue-Sai Kan, Elena Obraztsova, Shirley MacLaine, Oprah Winfrey, Marlon Brando, Paul Newman, Luciano Pavarotti, as well as prominent personalities from the world of business and politics.
Humanitarian Work
Following the Armenian earthquake of 1988, she became founder and director of the Children of Crisis Foundation in Washington, D.C., the first Russian/American foundation. In April 1989, per Birrenbach's suggestion, a three-day auction of one million dollars worth of her clothing and scarves, inaugurated by Liana Dubinin, wife of the USSR Ambassador to Washington, opened at the Madison Hotel in Washington D.C. benefiting the Armenian Children Relief Fund.
In 1996, contribution from proceeds of a trunk sale in Park City, Utah went to the Huntsman Cancer Foundation.
Awards
In 1989, she was honored with an Order of Merit award by the Supreme Soviet and Council of Ministers of the Armenian SSR in recognition for her charitable contribution. The ceremony took place at the Russian Embassy in Washington, D.C. President Ronald Reagan was among the recipients.
Member of the International Research Council, Near East Museum of Ancient and Contemporary Art, The Marcos and Sabrina Grigorian Collection (Yerevan, Armenia).
Personal life
Birrenbach currently resides in New York City with her husband Thomas. She is developing a lifestyle program called “You Are What You Eat, You Wear What You Are” which emphasizes the synergy between food and fashion in hopes for a healthier, cleaner, organic, sustainable world. She is also developing new food items, among them a doughless, gluten free pizza.
References
1944 births
Living people
Iranian fashion designers
American fashion designers
American women fashion designers
Businesspeople from Tehran
21st-century American women
A Brunei Malay wedding has many types of ceremonies.
Ceremonies
Mengagai or Berjarum-jarum
In the old days when men and women did not openly court each other, this ceremony was meant to be an opportunity for the groom's representative, such as his parents, to find out whether the girl is still available for marriage. Nowadays, it signals the start of the whole process, when parents from both sides first meet each other. This is also when they discuss when they can send a proper entourage to seal the formal engagement.
Menghantar Tanda Pertunangan
This is when the proper entourage comes to the bride side. The groom's side will usually offer two rings. One is called the 'pembuka mulut' to signify the groom's real interest to ask for the daughter's hand in marriage. The other is the official engagement ring. Both sides will also discuss details on the upcoming wedding, particularly the date, and the "Berian" or lists of dowry of the bride.
Menghantar Berian
Menghantar Berian means delivering gifts which consists of all the requests during the engagement ceremony, and may also include additional gifts by the groom. The bride would also, if she so wishes, respond in kind. The delivery of the gifts is usually a grand affair, with an entourage of men or women carrying silver trays adorned with beautiful cloths on top of which would display each gift. In most Brunei Malay weddings, the ceremony is held on the same day with the Akad Nikah.
Berbedak Mandi
Berbedak Mandi is a ceremony to bless the soon-to-be groom and bride by close family members especially the parents, siblings and elders in their own homes. Here, they are scrubbed with traditional body-scrub powder which is applied to the whole body by the close family members. It symbolizes fertility and wealth.
Akad Nikah
This is the solemnisation ceremony. It is presided over by a religious official and only involves the groom. Sometimes the bride is not usually present but she will be represented by her father or a 'wali' (legal family representative). Here, under the grace of Allah (God), the groom vows to accept the bride's hand in front of witnesses.
Malam Berbedak
The Malam Berbedak or Night of Powdering is a ceremonial event where family members and friends/family are invited to 'bless' the bride/groom by anointing the bride/groom with an ointment made from colored rice flour and scented oils. The bride and groom are dressed up in traditional Berbedak attire which is different for each one. The bride has on a heavy brass (sometimes gold plated) headgear that has either a symbol/statuette of a chicken (called Ayam-ayam) or dragon (Naga) and is surrounded (wrapped) round with scented flowers. The groom has on a songkok (Muslim hat) or Dastar (crown made from songket cloth). Both are adorned with brass/gold plated arm bands, wrist bands, ankle bands and necklace. The bride is also wrapped around her waist with a kain songket (usually red) that was given by the groom as part of her dowry (hantaran).
Malam Berinai/Berpacar dan Pengganggunan
The Berinai / Berpacar is an event usually attended by close family and it is also commonly known as the Henna Night. Here, the Bride, dressed up in attire similar to the Malam Berbedak sits on the 'throne' with her hands on her lap and family members apply a pinch of 'pacar' (Henna) on the palm of her hand. Bunga Rampai (fragrant shreddings of pandan and flower petals) are also scattered over her hands signifying a blessing. In some weddings, these may be carried out on the same night of the Malam Berbedak whilst others keep them separate. This tradition is mostly practiced by only those in the Brunei Muara District and not in Tutong or the other districts.
Later that night, after all the guests have left, the elders of the family then bring the bride to her bridal room where the Penganggun (Wedding Attendant?) then lights three candles and passes them to one elderly lady sitting on the bride's bed and to another who follows behind her. The Bride then puts her arms around the Penganggun and is led around the bed behind her three times. The Bride then proceeds to sit on the bed and blows out the three candles ending the initiation. Again, this practice is only carried out in weddings from the Brunei Muara District.
Bersanding
Bersanding (Wedding reception) is the climax point of the wedding ceremony. This is where wide circle of friends and family of both sides gather and recognise the couple as official husband and wife in the eyes of the public. Bersanding is a grand event where much food is provided for the guests. In the past, this usually occurred in the vicinity of their home but currently, most Bruneians prefer to book a hall for the ceremony. The setup of this event is similar to a banquet style where food in buffet form is served.
Majlis Ambil-ambilan
The Majlis Ambil-ambilan is a post-wedding reception event usually attended by close family of both sides. The event usually held the night or the day after the wedding reception. The event is intended for both families getting to know each other. The bride usually receive gifts on this event notably gold jewellery from the groom families.
Muleh Tiga Hari
Muleh Tiga Hari is where the couple moves to the bride's home and stay for three days; and also move to the groom's home and stay for another three days. This will let them decide whether or not they will stay or move out to live on their own in the future.
See also
Islamic marital practices
Islamic marital jurisprudence
Weddings by culture
Malay culture
The tenth season of The Real Housewives of Orange County, an American reality television series, was broadcast on Bravo. It aired June 8, 2015 until November 12, 2015, and was primarily filmed in Orange County, California. Its executive producers are Adam Karpel, Alex Baskin, Douglas Ross, Gregory Stewart, Scott Dunlop, Stephanie Boyriven and Andy Cohen.
The Real Housewives of Orange County focuses on the lives of Vicki Gunvalson, Tamra Judge, Heather Dubrow, Shannon Beador and Meghan King Edmonds. It consisted of 24 episodes.
Production and crew
The renewal of the tenth season of The Real Housewives of Orange County was announced in January 2015. In May 2015, the official premier date, cast and trailer were revealed.
The season premiere "Under Construction" was aired on June 8, 2015, while the nineteenth episode "Baptism by Fire" served as the season finale, and was aired on October 12, 2015. It was followed by a three-part reunion that aired on October 19, October 26 and November 1, 2015, a "Brooks Tell All" special hosted by Andy Cohen and a "Secrets Revealed" episode, which both aired on November 12, 2015, which marked the conclusion of the season.
Adam Karpel, Alex Baskin, Douglas Ross, Gregory Stewart, Scott Dunlop, Stephanie Boyriven and Andy Cohen are recognized as the series' executive producers; it is produced and distributed by Evolution Media.
Cast and synopsis
All five wives featured on the ninth season returned for season ten, however Lizzie Rovsek returned in a recurring role and not full-time. Season nine's recurring cast member, Danielle Gregorio, departed the series and did not return for season ten.
Joining the series in the tenth season is Meghan King Edmonds, the third wife of baseball superstar Jim Edmonds. Edmonds is described as "sexy and opinionated" as well as a "blonde bombshell."
Shannon Beador deals with the revelation of her husband David's affair and the two go to counselling and work on their relationship with each other and their children. Beador also works to repair her broken relationships with Heather Dubrow and Tamra Judge.
Beador find herself in drama with newcomer Edmonds over an unwanted phone call.
Dubrow continues to take control of the new house being built also releasing a sparkling wine named after her daughter, Colette. Dubrow feels disconnected and unappreciated by her husband Terry.
Judge and her husband Eddie decide to spend time away from working together to improve their relationship. Judge contributes financially to her son's move to Orange County upon learning of his wife's pregnancy however knowing Eddie would not approve she does so secretly. Sarah gives birth during the season making Judge a grandmother. Judge forms a new connection with her faith and later gets baptized.
Edmonds helps raise her step-daughter because her husband's former wife, LeAnn Edmonds Horton, is ill with cancer. Edmonds struggles with the idea of being too much of a parent or not enough and ending up as the friend. After filming while the season was airing, Horton lost her battle to cancer.
Vicki Gunvalson and her boyfriend Brooks Ayers deal with his diagnosis of cancer after he moves in with her. At Beador's house for a game night, Gunvalson receives news about the passing of her Mother and the wives gather around her to support her, including guest and former wife Jeana Keough. Gunvalson heads to Chicago to mourn with her family.
Throughout the season Ayers' cancer diagnosis and the integrity of it played a huge part. It all began when Judge arranged a lunch with her psychic who informs Judge, Dubrow and Edmonds that he doesn't believe Ayers is ill. Throughout the season accusations and speculations fly around Orange County causing all the women to be involved as well as Gunvalson's daughter Briana. Judge is forced to choose a side when her loyalty to Gunvalson is questioned, however Judge refuses to be made to look like a fool. The credibilities of Dubrow and her husband are put on the line when they are brought in to Ayers' alibi.
Beador and Gunvalson's friendship breaks down when Beador's loyalty is questioned by Gunvalson even after Beador has supported the couple with Ayers' diagnosis.
Beador remains loyal until Gunvalson is caught speaking of Beador's marriage and the affair. Edmonds constantly questions what she believes is a lie. Edmonds has knowledge in the situation due to her husband's former wife is currently dying of cancer. Edmonds also endeavors to uncover the truth through research of clinics, phone calls and even contacting Ayers' ex-partners. Gunvalson publicly dresses down Edmonds when she learns of her actions; however, Edmonds is undeterred and continues investigating. Things come to a head in the final episode of the season, in which the ladies confront Gunvalson at Judge's baptism, and Gunvalson infamously compares the ladies' quest for the truth regarding Ayers to Jesus Christ's crucifixion. At the reunion concluding the series, Gunvalson reveals she doesn't believe Ayers has cancer and that she was lied to. Also during the reunion, Edmonds reveals that her husband's ex-wife, who was dying of cancer during the filming of the season, had since passed away. During the "Brooks Tells All" special hosted by Cohen, Ayers reveals he and Gunvalson are no longer together.
Episodes
References
External links
2015 American television seasons
Orange County (season 10)
Slapton is a village and also a civil parish within Aylesbury Vale district in Buckinghamshire, England. It is located between the Grand Union Canal and the boundary with Bedfordshire, about south of Leighton Buzzard and west of Edlesborough.
Hamlets
Towards the edge of the parish near Horton in Ivinghoe is the hamlet of Horton Wharf. The village of Grove is also within the boundary of Slapton parish.
History
The village name is Anglo Saxon in origin, and means "farm by a slippery place". It is a common place name. This village was recorded in the Domesday Book of 1086 as Slapetone.
The manor of Slapton once belonged to a convent in Barking, Essex, though it was seized by the Crown in the Dissolution of the Monasteries in 1547. The manor was for some time after that the property of the Earl of Bridgwater.
The village hall was built and given to the village by the Griffin family of Bury Farm in memory of Elizabeth Griffin in the 1950s. Until recently, the Griffin family continued to own Bury Farm, and had the unusual distinction of farming buffalo in the village. Slapton once had a splendid 18th century rectory of classical design. This was demolished in the 1960s and a development of four-bedroom terraced and semi-detached houses in the style of that era was built on its site.
There was a farm (Church Farm) immediately next to the church until the mid-1970s; this property had been in the ownership of one family since 1086, having originally been given to the de Tournais by William the Conqueror. The family survived in Slapton, spelling their name in various ways, until the death of William Turney around 1975. He was childless, so the farm was sold for the first time in 900 years. The new owners demolished the farmhouse and buildings, and on the site built a development of houses and flats known as Tournay Court.
Current
Today Slapton contains few old buildings of any architectural merit. The church, dedicated to the Holy Cross, is of plain design with tower, nave and chancel. The chancel is probably the oldest part of the building. The churchyard contains many memorials to the Turney and Buckmaster families.
Local history and interest
The Great Train Robbery took place at Bridego Railway Bridge (No. 127) on 8 August 1963, which is situated one mile (as the crow flies) from Slapton, heading towards Ledburn.
Notable people
Frank Bruno lives on the outskirts of the village.
References
External links
Slapton newsletter
Slapton Allotments
Book Of Trinity - A.J. Ryder
Paranormal Database - Buckinghamshire
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
The Dioxin Reassessment Report refers to the United States Environmental Protection Agency's scientific reassessment of the health effects of exposure to dioxins. It began in April 1991, and in 1994 was published for public review. In 1995 the Science Advisory Board (SAB) reviewed it, concluding that three chapters (eight, nine and a new chapter) be subject to independent peer review. This involved a 2003 review of the reassessment by the Interagency Working Group on Dioxin (Dioxin IWG), who recommended a further review by the National Academy of Sciences (NAS). This review by the NAS began in November 2004, and was expected to end by June 2006. As of 2012, the review is ongoing.
Sources
EPA Dioxin Reassessment Report
References
External links
NAS abstract on Health Risks from Dioxin and Related Compounds: Evaluation of the EPA Reassessment.
Environmental reports
Toxicology
Pollution in the United States
Lophophleps phoenicoptera is a species of moth of the family Geometridae first described by George Hampson in 1896. It is found in Sri Lanka, India, Peninsular Malaysia, Java and Borneo.
Subspecies
Lophophleps phoenicoptera phoenicoptera
Lophophleps phoenicoptera tuita (Peninsular Malaysia, Java, Borneo)
References
Sterrhini
Moths described in 1896
The Pelsaert Group is the southernmost of the three groups of islands that make up the Houtman Abrolhos island chain. it consists of a number of islands, the largest of which are Gun Island, Middle Island, and Pelsaert Island. The group is named after a Dutch "opperkoopman" who stranded nearby with the VOC-ship "Batavia" in 1629. The group contains the most southerly true coral reefs in the Indian Ocean. The group is part of the Houtman Abrolhos Important Bird Area, identified as such by BirdLife International because of its importance for supporting large numbers of breeding seabirds.
A great many ships have been wrecked in the Pelsaert Group. The most notable wreck is the Zeewijk, which was wrecked on the Half Moon Reef in 1727, the survivors staying on Gun Island for some time afterwards. Other wrecks include the Ocean Queen, wrecked on the Half Moon Reef in 1842; the Ben Ledi, wrecked off Pelsaert Island in 1879; and the Windsor, wrecked on the Half Moon Reef in 1908.
See also
Wallabi Group
Easter Group
List of islands of Western Australia
References
Important Bird Areas of Western Australia
Islands of the Mid West (Western Australia)
Thomas Hooke may refer to:
Thomas Hooke (mayor) (died 1670), Mayor of Dublin
Sir Thomas Hooke of the Hooke baronets
See also
Thomas Hook (1860–1927), Ontario real estate agent and political figure
Thomas Hook (priest), Archdeacon of Lewes
Hooke (disambiguation)
is a large park and garden in Shinjuku and Shibuya, Tokyo, Japan. It was originally a residence of the Naitō family in the Edo period. Afterwards, it became a garden under the management of the Imperial Household Agency of Japan. It is now a national park under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of the Environment.
History
The shōgun bequeathed this land to Lord Naitō (daimyō) of Tsuruga in the Edo period who completed a garden here in 1772. After the Meiji Restoration the house and its grounds were converted into an experimental agricultural centre. It then became a botanical garden before becoming an imperial garden in 1879. The current configuration of the garden was completed in 1906. Most of the garden was destroyed by air raids in 1945, during the later stages of World War II. The garden was rebuilt after the war.
The jurisdiction over the Imperial Palace Outer Garden and the Kyoto imperial garden was transferred to the Ministry of Health and Welfare (now the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare) in 1947.
On May 21, 1949, the garden became open to the public as a national park. It came under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of the Environment in January 2001, with the official English name "Shinjuku Gyoen National Garden". The official Japanese name remains Shinjuku Gyoen, where gyoen means "imperial garden".
In 1989, the Shinjuku Gyoen was the site chosen for the funeral rites of Emperor Shōwa before he was buried at the Musashi Imperial Graveyard.
Features
The garden, which is 58.3 hectares in area with a circumference of 3.5 km, blends three distinct styles: a French Formal and English Landscape in the north and to the south a Japanese traditional. A traditional Japanese tea house can be found within the gardens. The garden is a favourite hanami (cherry-blossom viewing) spot, and large crowds can be present during cherry blossom season.
Flora
The garden has more than 20,000 trees, including approximately 1,500 cherry trees which bloom from late March (Shidare or Weeping Cherry), to early April (Somei or Tokyo Cherry), and on to late April (Kanzan Cherry). Other trees found here include the majestic Himalayan cedars, which soar above the rest of the trees in the park, tulip trees, cypresses, and plane trees, which were first planted in Japan in the Imperial Gardens.
Horticulture work has been going on in the greenhouses in the garden since 1892. The present greenhouse, built in the 1950s has a stock of over 1,700 tropical and subtropical plant species on permanent display.
Entrances and admission
The garden has three access gates: Shinjuku Gate, Okido Gate and Sendagaya Gate. Shinjuku Gyoen is open from 9:00 until 16:30. On Mondays the garden is closed, except during the cherry blossom and chrysanthemum seasons: late March–late April and early November respectively, when the garden is open seven days a week. The greenhouse is open from 9:30 until 16:00. The last admission is 16:00.
Location
The garden is a short walk from Shinjuku-gyoemmae Station on the Marunouchi Line or Sendagaya Station on the Chūō-Sōbu Line. The garden is on the Tokyo Metro Fukutoshin Line near Shinjuku-sanchōme Station. From that station (exit C1) the garden is a four-minute walk.
In popular culture
In Yasunari Kawabata's The Sound of the Mountain, Shingo declares, "You can stretch out. It's like getting out of Japan - I wouldn't have dreamed that there was a place like this right in the middle of Tokyo."
It is the setting of the 2013 anime film The Garden of Words.
References
Bibliography
External links
Shinjuku Gyoen official website (English)
Gardens in Tokyo
Hanami spots of Japan
Parks and gardens in Tokyo
Shibuya
Shinjuku
George Rodney Brydges or Bridges (after 1649 – 1714), of Avington, Hampshire, was an English Whig politician who sat in the English and British House of Commons between 1690 and 1714.
Brydges was the second surviving son of Sir Thomas Bridges of Keynsham, Somerset and his wife Anne Rodney, the daughter and coheiress of Sir Edward Rodney of Stoke Rodney, Somerset. He was a captain in the Duke of York's independent company from 1673 until after 1675 serving in the Portsmouth garrison. He got into debt and in 1677 he recovered his fortune by marrying Anna Maria Talbot, Countess of Shrewsbury. She was born Lady Anna Maria Brudenell, daughter of Robert, 2nd Earl of Cardigan, was widow of Francis Talbot, 11th Earl of Shrewsbury and notorious as mistress of the 2nd Duke of Buckingham. In doing so, he brought an action for jactitation of marriage against Ann Smith, a shopkeeper with whom he had been living for some years.
Brydges' wife bought him a post as Groom of the Bedchamber in 1678. He was appointed to the lieutenancy for Staffordshire in 1680 and stood for Parliament at Lichfield in the 1681 general election. Some time before 1685, he bought Avington Park and considerably remodelled the house. He entertained Charles II there while the King's house at Winchester was being built. On the accession of James II in 1685 he lost his post as Groom of the Bedchamber, but remained loyal to the King until the Glorious Revolution.
Brydges was returned unopposed as Member of Parliament (MP) for Haslemere at the 1690 English general election, and again at the 1695 English general election. However he was defeated in a contest at the 1698 English general election. In the first general election of 1701 he was returned in a contest as MP for Winchester and was returned again in the second general election of 1701 and at the 1702 English general election. He was returned again at the 1705 English general election and voted for the Court candidate as Speaker on 25 October1705, and supported the Court over the ‘place clause on 18 February 1706. At the 1708 British general election, he was returned as a Whig for Winchester. He was a teller for the Whigs and supported the naturalization of the Palatines in 1709 and the impeachment of Dr Sacheverell in 1710. He was returned unopposed as a Whig at the 1710 British general election but was less active in Parliament. He was returned again at the 1713 British general election.
Brydges developed gangrene after treating an ingrowing toenail just before the last election. He lingered on until 1714 and was buried on 9 February 1714 at St. Giles-in-the-Fields. He was succeeded by his son George.
References
17th-century births
1714 deaths
People from the City of Winchester
English MPs 1690–1695
English MPs 1695–1698
English MPs 1698–1700
English MPs 1701
English MPs 1701–1702
English MPs 1702–1705
English MPs 1705–1707
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1707–1708
British MPs 1708–1710
British MPs 1710–1713
British MPs 1713–1715
Wargrave () is a historic village and civil parish in Berkshire, England. The village is primarily on the River Thames but also along the confluence of the River Loddon and lies on the border with southern Oxfordshire. The village has many old listed buildings, two marinas with chandlery services for boats, a boating club and rises steeply to the northeast in the direction of Bowsey Hill, with higher parts of the village generally known as Upper Wargrave. In Upper Wargrave is a Recreation Ground with a cricket club, bowls club, football pitch and tennis club.
Wargrave is situated in the A321 road from both Maidenhead and Reading and from Henley-on-Thames. The village is larger than the county average, having a railway station on the Henley Branch Line, off the Great Western Main Line from London Paddington; the village is quickly accessible to nearby parts of the M4 corridor, particularly Berkshire and Heathrow Airport and local major centres of employment include Reading and Maidenhead, with smaller businesses and additional commercial facilities in nearby Henley-on-Thames and Wokingham.
History
Original forms of name
It is in the Borough of Wokingham. The name Wargrave is derived from 'Weir-Grove', as it was in the Assize Rolls and Patent rolls of the medieval times recorded as 'Weregreave', settling on a slightly different pronunciation after the Great Vowel Shift rendering it Wargrave.
Early history
The first documentary evidence of the settlement was recorded in 1061 which indicates that it was a village and had a manor in the feudal system. The Domesday Book of 1086 records the settlement as having a population of 250. In the 13th century the current High Street was lined with plots and backstreets developed. Wargrave Court was erected in the early Tudor period and then altered and extended in the Georgian to post-Edwardian period. Wargrave Manor occupies its medieval site on the northern outskirts, bounded by its lower meadow that overlooks Wargrave Marsh below it, which is drained farmland downstream and the local primary floodplain. However this building, while also grade II listed, is larger, with a modest landscaped park. It is late Georgian and altered later in a painted stucco with moulded, chamfered quoins, moulding over second floor windows, hipped slate roof with several chimneys, spread over three storeys save for the wings.
The east front has a conical roof over a protrusion of a similar shape with three sash windows flanked by a single bays with similar windows: all windows have architrave surrounds, with the ground floor windows having Victorian panes. This section has a Doric veranda with coupled columns supporting entablature across the whole front. Flanking wings have two upper sash windows and venetian windows on their ground floor. Its Victorian south front has 5 bays repeating the design and a central porch of angle pilasters supporting entablature and blocking course. Above the double door is a radiating fanlight. The west front has a large Victorian semi-circular terrace in front. The village continued to develop into its current form in the 18th century growing up the hill from the High Street eastwards so that by the end of the 19th century this axis, now Victoria Road, was fully settled.
Post Industrial Revolution
In the 20th century the village's population grew significantly, especially in the 1970s and 1980s as new developments on farmland inside the parish boundaries responded to demand for housing for commuters working in and on the increasingly commercial western outskirts of London. Wargrave War Memorial was commissioned in the aftermath of the First World War. Taking the shape of a hexagonal cross on the village green, it was designed by Sir Edwin Lutyens and unveiled on 28 May 1922. It is a grade II listed building.
Geography
The village encloses in its west the confluence of the River Loddon and the River Thames. It is on the A321 north–south road between Twyford and Henley-on-Thames. On the opposite bank of the River Thames are the villages of Shiplake and Lower Shiplake. When taken as its civil parish, such as in all of its history and in civil parish council provision of footpath maintenance and annual village events, it includes Hare Hatch and Cockpole Green. These largest hamlets rely on Wargrave's businesses (such as post office, shops, hairdressing and other usual large village services) and for education.
Wargrave railway station is on the Henley Branch Line between (the next station south) and . The railway operator provides trains at least every 30 minutes each way on Monday-Friday and allows connections to Reading and London Paddington. If a change of train is made at Twyford, the time to the capital is 53–70 minutes. A large proportion of the residents in employment commute to outlying areas, as the village itself supports a small range of shops and businesses, but the average commute is more than five miles to support the local economy as at the 2011 census.
Christian buildings and memorials
The Church of England parish church of Saint Mary dates from the 12th century and has the wide ecclesiastical parish of Wargrave with Knowl Hill. It is situated on Mill Green, off the High Street. In 1914 it was set on fire and gutted as a result of a mistakenly targeted direct action by the Suffragette Movement. The north door remains from the 12th century, the tower from 1635 and the remaining structure was built following the fire. This is a Grade II* listed building.
In the gardens of the churchyard is the Hannen Columbarium, a columbarium built to house the remains of the Hannen family. It was designed by Edwin Lutyens and is considered an interesting example of his early work. The ashes of Sir Nicholas John Hannen, judge, his son, Nicholas "Beau" Hannen, actor, and Beau's wife Athene Seyler, also an actor, are all interred in the columbarium. Thomas Day (1748–1789), author and abolitionist, is also buried in the churchyard, after being fatally thrown from his horse. The Roman Catholic church of Our Lady of Peace was built in 1963 and is supported by the Parish of Saint Thomas More of the neighbouring village, Twyford.
The river
There are marinas and Wargrave Boating Club for those who use the River Thames for leisure and sport. In August, the Wargrave & Shiplake Regatta is held over two days on the Shiplake riverbank opposite. The regatta combines serious and light-hearted racing in canoes, dinghies, dongolas and skiffs. It is the largest community event of the year having taken place since 1867. The event ends with a large firework display on the Saturday night. Wargrave is mentioned in Jerome K. Jerome's, 1889 book Three Men in a Boat, a humorous account of a boating holiday on the River Thames:
Amenities
At one time there were seven public houses on High Street, serving the stage coaches travelling between Henley-on-Thames and Reading; there are now only three. The pubs remaining today are the Bull, the Greyhound and the St George and Dragon. The Queen Victoria public house in Hare Hatch recently closed and is being redeveloped into housing. Wargrave has its own primary school, which is split into the infant school and junior school, and a secondary academy school – The Piggott School formerly a comprehensive school, now an academy. Each is a Church of England voluntary controlled school and are also feeder schools to each other. They are all named after Robert Piggott.
Demography
Wargrave is recorded since at least the Norman Conquest as covering the land right up to the crest of the hills to the east, (but only in terms of the civil parish since the building of chapels of ease in the outlying parts after the 19th century secular/religious split). At the level of local government above this, the Wargrave ward is redrawn typically every 12 years to roughly even out the population between such wards. It covers a similar area. As is common across the United Kingdom],the RG10 postcode of the mid-county-covering Reading post town is for postal convenience and bears a slight relation to the largest administrative border as currently drawn. Key statistics from both administrative areas are shown in the table below together with the nucleus of Wargrave twin census Lower Level Super Output Areas which omits a few communities of Wargrave which are isolated by buffering fields and woodlands.
Notable residents
Richard Aldworth (c.1614–1680), MP for Reading, was born in Wargrave
Dave Allen, comedian
Angela Baddeley, actress, lived in Wargrave prior to her death in 1976
Richard Barry, 7th Earl of Barrymore
Raymond Baxter, television presenter
Bert Bushnell, athlete 1948 Olympic Gold medalist at double sculls
Paul Daniels and Debbie McGee, magician and his wife/assistant
Peter Davison, actor, lived in Willow Lane, Wargrave in the 1980s
Sandra Dickinson, actress
Nicholas "Beau" Hannen, actor (son of Sir Nicholas Hannen)
Sir Nicholas John Hannen, Chief Justice of the British Supreme Court for China and Japan
Mary Hopkin, singer
Sir Morell Mackenzie, physician and surgeon
Robert Morley, actor
Bobby Whitlock, Musician, Derek and the Dominoes, Delaney and Bonnie, Eric Clapton, also featured on All Things Must Pass (George Harrison)
Nearest places
Notes
References
Sources
Gray, R. and Griffiths, S. (eds) (1986), The Book of Wargrave, Wargrave: Wargrave Local History Society,
External links
Wargrave News Online
Wargrave Parish Council
Berkshire History: Wargrave
Wargrave Cricket Club
Civil parishes in Berkshire
Populated places on the River Thames
Villages in Berkshire
Borough of Wokingham
Lora Neeyevide is a 1971 Indian Malayalam film, directed by T. R. Raghunath and produced by M. Kunchacko. The film stars Prem Nazir, Ushakumari, K. P. Ummer, KPAC Lalitha, Radhika and Adoor Pankajam in the lead roles. The film had musical score by M. S. Baburaj.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Bernard
Ushakumari as Lora
K. P. Ummer as Somappan
Kottayam Chellappan as Dr Kurian Thomas
Alummoodan as Jeofry
KPAC Lalitha as Meenu
Radhika as Theresa Williams
S. P. Pillai as Ponnappan
Adoor Pankajam as Kuttyamma
Bhargavan as Anto
Vijaya Kumari as Rebecca
K. S. Gopinath as Dr. Paul
Jismol as Nazeema
Joseph Chacko as Lazer
Kottayam Narayanan
Natarajan
Rajamma
S. J. Dev as Father D'Souza
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1971 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by T. R. Raghunath
Tortolano is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Emiliano Tortolano (born 1990), Italian footballer
Joe Tortolano (born 1966), Scottish footballer
Italian-language surnames
Cenodocus borneensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Gilmour and Stephan von Breuning in 1963. It is known from Borneo.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1963
Yusef Khan (, also Romanized as Yūsef Khān and Yūsof Khān; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Yūsof and Qal‘eh Yūsuf Khān) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 415, in 121 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Cyardium castelnaudii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by James Thomson in 1864. It is known from Malaysia, Java, and Sumatra.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1864
Acrolepiopsis halosticta is a moth of the family Acrolepiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1914. It is found in Africa (Nyassaland, Ruo Valley).
References
Moths described in 1914
Acrolepiidae
Barbara Blackburn is an American actress.
Career
A model in the late 1980s, Blackburn played Siobhan Ryan on the American daytime series Ryan's Hope from 1988 to 1989, and then portrayed Carolyn Stoddard on the 1991 primetime series Dark Shadows. From December 8, 1999, to February 27, 2000, she performed a one-woman show called Extreme Girl at the Currican Theatre in New York City. She performed the show again as Barbara Blackburn Tuttle at the Hudson Guild Theatre in Los Angeles from January 8 to January 18, 2009.
References
External links
American television actresses
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
The Agitators were a political movement as well as elected representatives of soldiers, including members of the New Model Army under Lord General Fairfax, during the English Civil War. They were also known as adjutators. Many of the ideas of the movement were later adopted by the Levellers.
History
Agitators, or adjutators, was the name given to representatives elected in 1647 by the different regiments of the English Parliamentary army. The word really means an agent, but it was confused with "adjutant," often called "agitant," a title familiar to the soldiers, and thus the form "adjutator" came into use.
Early in 1647 the Long Parliament wished either to disband many of the regiments or to send them to Ireland. The soldiers, whose pay was largely in arrears, refused to accept either alternative, and eight of the cavalry regiments elected agitators, called at first commissioners, who laid their grievances before the three generals, and whose letter was read in the House of Commons on the 30 April 1647. The other regiments followed the example of the cavalry (nicknamed Ironsides), and the agitators, who belonged to the lower ranks of the army, were supported by many of the officers, who showed their sympathy by signing the Declaration of the army.
Fairfax, Cromwell and other generals succeeded to some extent in pacifying the troops by promising the payment of arrears for eight weeks at once; but before the return of the generals to London parliament had again decided to disband the army, and soon afterwards fixed the 1 June as the date on which this process was to begin.
Again alarmed, the agitators decided to resist; a mutiny occurred in one regiment and the attempt at disbandment failed. Then followed the seizure of King Charles I by Cornet Joyce. The Agitators, with two officers from each regiment and the Generals formed a new body called the Army Council which after a meeting near Newmarket, Suffolk on Friday 4 June 1647 issued "A Solemne Engagement of the Army, under the Command of his Excellency Sir Thomas Fairfax" to Parliament on 8 June making their concerns known, and also the constitution of the Army Council so that Parliament would understand that the discontent was army-wide and had the support of both officers and other ranks. This Engagement was read out to the army at a general meeting on 5 June.
A few weeks later, there was another meeting while the army was camped at Thriplow Heath near Royston, the soldiers refused the offers made by Parliament, and the agitators demanded a march towards London and the "purging" of the House of Commons, which did not happen. Subsequent events are part of the general history of England. Gradually the agitators ceased to exist, but many of their ideas were adopted by the Levellers, who may perhaps be regarded as their successors. Gardiner says of them, "Little as it was intended at the time, nothing was more calculated than the existence of this elected body of agitators to give to the army that distinctive political and religious character which it ultimately bore".
References
Notes
Bibliography
Endnotes:
S. R. Gardiner, History of the Great Civil War, vols. iii. and iv. (London, 1905).
Political activism
Elizabeth Rider is an English actress, sometimes credited as Liza Rider. She is known for her portrayal of Lynette Driver in the BBC soap opera Doctors.
Education
Rider trained at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama, where she was awarded its Gold Medal. From there, she joined the Radio Drama Company by winning the Carlton Hobbs Bursary, which gave her a contract for six months.
Career
Rider's first television acting job was as Norah in the 1979 miniseries Testament of Youth. In 1997, she landed the role of Sheila Thwaite in The Lakes. In 1999, she appeared in ITV soap opera Coronation Street as Ashley Peacock's biological mother. In 2004, she had a ten-episode role playing Jill Green in EastEnders.
Rider appeared in Series Two and Three of the drama At Home with the Braithwaites in 2001 and 2002, as Helen Braithwaite. She also voiced Atris in the video game Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords. She appeared in five episodes in Series 23 of the long-running medical drama series Casualty, playing troubled mum Cathy Malone. She has also appeared in Heartbeat, Emmerdale, Holby City, Hollyoaks, The Street, The Accused, The Tunnel, Call the Midwife, Marchlands, Informer and the 2013 Doctor Who Christmas Special, "The Time of the Doctor", among many other dramas. From 2009 to 2017, Rider portrayed the recurring role of DCI Lynette Driver on the BBC soap opera Doctors.
Filmography
Film
Television
Video games
References
External links
English soap opera actresses
Living people
English voice actresses
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
The 2001–02 season was FK Partizan's 10th season in First League of Serbia and Montenegro. This article shows player statistics and all matches (official and friendly) that the club played during the 2001–02 season.
Players
Squad information
Radovan Radaković
Vuk Rašović
Dragoljub Jeremić
Igor Duljaj
Dejan Ognjanović
Milan Stojanoski
Goran Trobok
Andrija Delibašić
Zvonimir Vukić
Damir Čakar
Miladin Bečanović
Radiša Ilić
Nenad Mišković
Ivan Stanković
Aleksandar Nedović
Ivica Iliev
Vladimir Ivić
Ajazdin Nuhi
Saša Ilić
Dejan Rusmir
Branko Savić
Branimir Bajić
Ljubiša Ranković
Milan Milijaš
Milivoje Ćirković
Danko Lazović
Đorđe Pantić
Competitions
First League of FR Yugoslavia
League table
FR Yugoslavia Cup
UEFA Cup
Qualifying round
First round
See also
List of FK Partizan seasons
Partizanopedia 2001-2002 (in Serbian)
References
External links
FK Partizan seasons
Partizan
Serbian football championship-winning seasons
Khepri (Egyptian: ḫprj, also transliterated Khepera, Kheper, Khepra, Chepri) is a scarab-faced god in ancient Egyptian religion who represents the rising or morning sun. By extension, he can also represent creation and the renewal of life.<ref name=":1">van Ryneveld, Maria M. The Presence and Significance of Khepri in Egyptian Religion and Art, University of Pretoria (South Africa), Ann Arbor, 1992. .</ref>
Symbolism
Khepri (ḫprj) is derived from the Egyptian language verb ḫpr, meaning to "develop", "come into being", or "create". The god was connected to and often depicted as a scarab beetle (ḫprr in Egyptian). Young dung beetles, having been laid as eggs within the dung ball, emerge from it fully formed and thus were considered to have been created from nothingness. Egyptians believed that each day the sun was also reborn or created from nothing. In the same way that the beetle pushes large balls of dung along the ground, Khepri moved the newly-born sun across the sky. Khepri was a solar deity and thus connected to the rising sun and the mythical creation of the world. The god and the scarab beetle represent creation and rebirth.
Religion
There was no cult devoted to Khepri, and he was largely subordinate to the greater sun god Ra. The sun god was however included in the creationist theory of Heliopolis and later Thebes. Often, Khepri and another solar deity, Atum, were seen as aspects of Ra: Khepri was the morning sun, Ra was the midday sun, and Atum was the sun in the evening. As a deity, Khepri's four main functions were creator, protector, sun-god, and the god of resurrection. The central belief surrounding Khepri was the god's ability to renew life, in the same way he restored the sun's existence every morning. Mummified scarab beetles and scarab amulets have been found in Pre-dynastic graves, indicating that Khepri was respected early on in the history of Ancient Egypt.
Appearance
Khepri was principally depicted as a scarab beetle, though in some tomb paintings and funerary papyri he is represented as a human male with a scarab as a head, or as a scarab with a male human head emerging from the beetle's shell. He is also depicted as a scarab in a solar barque held aloft by Nun. The scarab amulets that the Egyptians used as jewelry and as seals allude to Khepri and the newborn sun. The beetle carvings became so common that excavators find them throughout the Mediterranean.
left|thumb|On this relief panel, Khepri is depicted solely as a scarab beetle. Above his head the sun god holds the Duat, a symbol for the afterlife. The scarab stands on a sun disk with sun rays extending downwards.
Etymology
The name "Khepri" appears most often in the Pyramid texts and usually has the scarab hieroglyph as a determinative or ideogram. Khepri (ḫprj) can also be spelled "Kheper", which is the Egyptian term used to denote the sun god, the scarab beetle, and the verb "to come into existence".
Kheper could also stand for "to change", "to happen''" etc.
Origin
It is thought that Khepri came into existence in the same manner as a young scarab beetle emerges from its dung ball fully formed.
Ancient Egyptians used to think, the beetles express the sun's motion by rolling their feces on the sand, which is why the sun god Khepri is associated with this particular species of beetle.
Khepri was considered below the sun god Ra in rank, so no shrine was built for him. Another sun-god Atum and Khepri are often considered to be part of Ra. As stated in The Book of the Dead, Khepri was also sometimes believed to be a part of Atum.
References
External links
Animal gods
Egyptian gods
Solar gods
Creator gods
Life-death-rebirth gods
Stellar gods
Mythological insects
Beetles and humans
Ra
Personifications
Insects in religion
Rosenella Winifred Cruciani "Rose" Totino (January 16, 1915 – June 21, 1994) was an American entrepreneur and pizzeria owner whose frozen pizza business co-founded with her husband became the foundation for the Totino's brand. After selling the company to Pillsbury, Totino became their first female corporate vice president.
Biography
Rose dropped out of school at age 16 to support her family by cleaning houses. In 1934 she married James R. Totino (1911 – 1981) and remained married until his death of heart attack while vacationing in Las Vegas, Nevada.
They opened their own pizzeria in Minneapolis in 1951 and later expanded from take-out only to Totino's Kitchen with table service. In 1962, they started Totino's Finer Foods in St. Louis Park, Minnesota and began mass production of frozen pizzas. They built a new plant in Fridley, Minnesota in 1971. Demand continued to grow, and they sold their company to Pillsbury in 1975 for about $22 million in Pillsbury stock.
Totino's grandson Steve Elwell bought the restaurant in 1987 and moved Totino's Kitchen from its original location in August 2007 to a new location in Mounds View, Minnesota. The new location closed in 2011, ending a 60-year run.
The Totinos were involved in Minnesota charities. Totino-Grace High School in Fridley was renamed in their honor in 1980. They helped finance the Totino Fine Arts Center at University of Northwestern - St. Paul in Roseville, Minnesota and the NET Ministries headquarters in St. Paul, Minnesota. Totino died of cancer at Methodist Hospital in St. Louis Park, Minnesota. She was inducted into the Minnesota Inventors Hall of Fame in 2008.
References
External links
via Minnesota Inventors Hall of Fame
Bonnie Totino Brenny: My Mother's Legacy via Minnesota Historical Society
Totino's Italian Kitchen history
1915 births
1994 deaths
20th-century American businesspeople
American food company founders
Her Father's House may refer to either:
A 1928 novel by Hilda Vaughan
A 2002 novel by Belva Plain
Great Hill Place, also known as Colaparchee and Cotton Place, in Monroe County, Georgia, west of Bolingbroke, Georgia, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. The listing included ten contributing buildings and two contributing structures on .
The plantation complex, in 1973, included a two-story main house. The house, then known as Cotton Place, was enlarged and "Victorianized" in 1874-75 by railroad businessman William Morrill Wadley to retire there. The original house, built in the early 1800s, was plantation plain in style. Subsequent owners called it Colaparchee, before Wadley bought it in 1873. He named it "Great Hill" after his birthplace near Brentwood, New Hampshire. The plantation, then , cost $6,410. Wadley was buried beside the house, in the Wadley family cemetery, after his death in 1882. His wife, Rebecca, joined him in 1905.
It was deemed significant as "one of few, almost perfectly intact plantation complexes" in the state of Georgia.
Some portion of the estate, perhaps the main house, has been lost (see photo from 2014). Satellite view of the property, in 2019, shows a large, presumably new mansion, covering where the main house was. A number of historic outbuildings survive.
It is located about northwest of Macon, Georgia, one or two miles west of the small town of Bolingbroke, off of Georgia State Route 41. It is about 1/2 mile off Georgia State Route 41, a short way from the intersection of Route 41 and Interstate 475.
Coordinates point to what appears to have been the dairy of the plantation complex, based on comparison of sketch map to Google satellite view.
References
Plantations in Georgia (U.S. state)
National Register of Historic Places in Monroe County, Georgia
Italianate architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Buildings and structures completed in 1875
Sarıayak, Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Ambergate railway station is a railway station owned by Network Rail and managed by East Midlands Railway. It serves the village of Ambergate in Derbyshire, England. The station is located on the Derwent Valley Line from Derby to Matlock, which diverges from the Midland Main Line just south of the station at Ambergate Junction.
History
It has a complicated history. The original station was built for the North Midland Railway in 1840, between Derby and Leeds. It was an ornate building, by Francis Thompson, which would have graced a Lord of the Manor.
From Belper the line ran along the Derwent Valley, along a stretch called Broadholme, with four bridges across the river, through Longlands Tunnel, across the River Derwent and Derby road with a magnificent five-arch viaduct. It then entered Hag Wood Tunnel as turned towards the Amber Valley.
The station building was just north of this tunnel. Shortly afterwards a proposal was made for an Ambergate, Nottingham, Boston and Eastern Junction Railway which however never materialised, apart from a stretch between Colwick and Grantham.
From Ambergate, towards Chesterfield, the next difficulty for the North Midland Railway was the intersection with the Cromford Canal, where the line intersected with the Bullbridge Aqueduct, before it carried on through a station at Wingfield to Stretton.
However, in 1849, the branch from Ambergate to Rowsley was built by the proposed Manchester, Buxton, Matlock and Midlands Junction Railway, with a west to north connection between the lines at the original Ambergate Junction. When a south to west connection was made, for trains from Derby to Rowsley, in 1863 the station building was rebuilt adjacent to the new Ambergate South junction. The original bridge was also widened at its northern end to accommodate the new junction.
In 1867 the Rowsley line had reached New Mills, which meant that the Midland Railway could operate from London to Manchester and Liverpool.
In 1875 Ambergate to Pye Bridge Line was opened from Crich Junction near Bullbridge which ran through Butterley to Pye Bridge, near Ironville on the Erewash Valley Line. Much of its business was coal traffic from Nottinghamshire to Manchester and Liverpool, avoiding Derby.
The triangular station
In 1876 a loop was built passing the west side of Hag Wood Tunnel, as a diversion from the original line to a third platform, which allowed for Derby to Sheffield stopping trains. The station was completely rebuilt, with the old building remaining in use a plans store. This third and final station was the famous triangular one, reputed to be one of only three in the country.
On Monday 20 March 1899 a fire broke out on the down platform for the North which destroyed 30 yards of platform, together with the booking hall, stationmaster's office and waiting rooms. The fire brigade from Belper were summoned as well as the Midland Railway company brigade from Derby.
Throughout the late 19th and early 20th centuries, Ambergate was an important railway interchange with 28,207 tickets sold in 1872 rising to 90,157 by 1922.
In 1931 the line across Broadholme approaching from the south was upgraded to four tracks. Longlands Tunnel was opened up to form a wide cutting and the junction with the Manchester line was moved south of the river. A new modern steel bridge for the Manchester line was built alongside the original viaduct over the River Derwent and the A6 main road.
The line through Matlock, then the 'main line', carried London to Manchester expresses such as the Palatine and the Peaks. It also carried coal trains from Nottinghamshire, for a while with Garratt locomotives, which would be split at Rowsley for the long climb to Peak Forest.
Grouping and Nationalisation
Having gathered in the Midland Railway, the lines through the station became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station then passed on to the London Midland Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948.
On 5 April 1950 there was another fire at the station which destroyed a waiting room on platform 1 which carried the up line to Manchester. Two painters were working on the waiting room at the time.
When Sectorisation was introduced in the 1980s, the station was served by Regional Railways until the Privatisation of British Railways.
Decline
The stopping service on the former North Midland route to Chesterfield & Sheffield (using the eastern platforms on the slow lines) was withdrawn in January 1967, when the other local stations on this section were closed. Most of the trackwork on the Derwent Valley line was lifted in 1968, soon after the closure of line from Rowsley to Buxton & Manchester whilst the line eastwards from Crich Junction to & Pye Bridge closed completely in December that year. The station buildings were removed in 1970. Although the triangular station site remained for a number of years, the eastern road bridge over the A610 was finally removed in the late 1980s. All that is left now is one platform on the surviving single track to Matlock, and the original main Derby to Sheffield line passing to the east through Hag Wood (Toadmoor) Tunnel and onwards to Clay Cross and Chesterfield. The original listing of Ambergate station for closure under the Beeching Axe led to its mention in the song "Slow Train" by Flanders and Swann.
Stationmasters
Thomas Whitmore ca. 1853 ca. 1857
Charles Grundy ca. 1860 - 1898
Robert Manners 1898 - 1925 (formerly station master at Chinley)
Albert Ernest Weatherly 1925 - 1928 (formerly station master at Runcorn)
H.J. Bates 1928 - 1932 (formerly station master at Daventry)
W. Turner 1933 - 1952 (formerly station master at Goostrey)
Bernard Gower ca. 1955
Facilities
The station is unstaffed although there is a self-service ticket machine for ticket purchases and a shelter and help point on the platform.
There is a car park at the entrance to the station as well as a small bicycle storage facility. Step-free access is available to the platform at Ambergate.
Services
All services at Ambergate are operated by East Midlands Railway.
On weekdays and Saturdays, the station is served by one train per hour in each direction between and . The final late evening service from Matlock is extended to .
On Sundays, there is a two-hourly service between Matlock and Nottingham in the morning, with services increasing to hourly from mid-afternoon onwards.
References
References
Sources
Pixton, B., (2000) North Midland: Portrait of a Famous Route, Chelteham: Runpast Publishing
Station on navigable O.S. map
External links
"Picture the Past" Original station building at Ambergate
"Picture the Past" Triangular Station circa 1910
"Picture the Past" View of the station
History of Derbyshire
Railway stations in Derbyshire
Former Midland Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1840
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1863
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1863
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1876
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1876
Railway stations served by East Midlands Railway
Francis Thompson railway stations
Edward Aglionby (1520 – c. 1591) was an English Member of Parliament, official, translator and poet. He was closely associated with the Dudley family.
Life
Aglionby was born at Carlisle in 1520, and educated at Eton, from whence he was elected in 1536 to a scholarship at King's College, Cambridge, of which society he appears to have become a fellow three years later. He graduated B.A. in 1540–1541, and M.A. in 1544.
He was returned MP for Carlisle in 1547 (Edward VI's 1st parliament)|, but he did not serve for the full duration. He was returned for Carlisle in May 1553 (Edward VI's 1st parliament) and may have sat as the MP for Carlisle in 1559.
Subsequently he was appointed a justice of the peace for Warwickshire, where he possessed considerable property. His residence was at Temple Balshall. In December 1569 the treasure for the supply of the army sent to suppress the Northern Rebellion was committed to his charge, and he conveyed it safely to Berwick-on-Tweed.
He was returned for Warwick to the parliament of April 1571, and spoke thrice on the bill for imposing penalties on those who did not attend the services of the Established Church. The measure, he urged, ought to be only temporary in its operation. On 12 August 1572 he was elected recorder of Warwick. Queen Elizabeth I visited that town the same day on her way from Bishop's Itchington to Kenilworth Castle, and the new recorder made an oration to her majesty, which is printed in Nichols's Progresses of Queen Elizabeth. In November 1587 he resigned the recordership "because of his great age, and impotency to travel, and failing of sight".
Works
Aglionby was the translator of:
A notable and maruailous epistle of the famous Doctor Mathewe Gribalde, professor of the law in the vniuersitie of Padua: concerning the terrible judgement of god vpon hym, that for feare of men denyeth Christ, and the knowen veritie: with a Preface of Doctor Caluine. Translated out of Latin intoo English by E. A.Worcester (printed by John Oswen), 1550.
It was republished at London, without date, by Henry Denham, for William Norton: Now newely imprinted, with a godly and wholesome preseruative against desperation, at all tymes necessarie for the soule: chiefly to be vsed when the deuill dooeth assaulte vs moste fiercely, and death approacheth nighest.
Aglionby wrote a genealogy of Queen Elizabeth, for which she gave him an annual pension of five pounds. A Latin poem of his was printed in Wilson's Epigrammata, 1552, 4to.
Family
He married Catharine, daughter of Sir William Wigston, his predecessor in the office of recorder of Warwick.
Notes
References
</ref>
Attribution:
Further reading
1520 births
1590s deaths
People from Carlisle, Cumbria
People educated at Eton College
16th-century English poets
English genealogists
Alumni of King's College, Cambridge
16th-century English translators
English MPs 1547–1552
English MPs 1553 (Edward VI)
English MPs 1559
English MPs 1571
English male poets
Carel Nicolaas Storm van 's Gravesande (21 January 1841, Breda - 7 February 1924, The Hague) was a Dutch painter, etcher and lithographer; associated with the Hague School. He is best known for seascapes, interior portraits and still-lifes.
Biography
He came from an aristocratic family. Although he expressed an early interest in art, his father insisted that he study law. He did so, at the University of Leiden, and graduated in 1865. Three years later, he defied his family's wishes and moved to Brussels, where he studied with Willem Roelofs, Paul Gabriël and Félicien Rops, who taught him etching and became a lifelong friend.
In 1893, he returned to the Netherlands and settled in The Hague, where he became a member of the Hague School, a group of artists who had been heavily influenced by the Barbizon School. He continued to travel, however, with stays in Paris, Wiesbaden (for two years), Cologne and Berlin. In 1900, he was awarded a gold medal at the Exposition Universelle.
He is credited with helping to create a renewal of interest in etching as an independent art form and produced more than 400 etchings; mostly landscapes and cityscapes. With Willem Witsen, he was a co-founder of the "Nederlandse Etsclub" (Dutch Etching Club). His works may be seen in museums around the world, including large institutions like the British Museum and the Detroit Institute of Arts and smaller museums such as the Owens Art Gallery in Sackville, New Brunswick. As a lithographer, he is believed to have been among the first to use aluminum plates, rather than stone or zinc.
Selected works
References
External links
Prints by Storm van 's Gravesande @ the British Museum.
Prints by Storm van 's Gravesande @ the Detroit Institute of Arts.
1841 births
1924 deaths
19th-century Dutch painters
20th-century Dutch painters
20th-century printmakers
Dutch etchers
Dutch lithographers
Dutch male painters
Dutch marine artists
Dutch still life painters
Hague School
People from Breda
19th-century Dutch male artists
20th-century Dutch male artists
Tarwin is a small town located in the South Gippsland Shire, in Victoria, Australia. In the , Tarwin had a population of 56.
References
Towns in Victoria (Australia)
Events from the year 1568 in Ireland.
Incumbent
Monarch: Elizabeth I
Events
First Desmond rebellion starts (lasts until 1572).
Births
Henry Piers, landowner and politician (d. 1623)
Deaths
References
1560s in Ireland
Ireland
Years of the 16th century in Ireland
Reproductive Sciences is a peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes papers in the fields of obstetrics and gynecology. The co-editors-in-chief are Ayman Al-Hendy and Seung-Yup Ku. It was established in 1994 and is currently published by Springer Nature on behalf of the Society for Reproductive Investigation.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2013 impact factor is 2.23, ranking it 17th out of 30 journals in the category "Reproductive Biology" and 26th out of 79 journals in the category "Obstetrics & Gynecology".
References
External links
Society for Reproductive Investigation
English-language journals
Obstetrics and gynaecology journals
Monthly journals
Publications established in 1994
Springer Science+Business Media academic journals
Boone Township may refer to the following townships in the United States:
Boone Township, Boone County, Illinois
Boone Township, Cass County, Indiana
Boone Township, Crawford County, Indiana
Boone Township, Dubois County, Indiana
Boone Township, Harrison County, Indiana
Boone Township, Madison County, Indiana
Boone Township, Porter County, Indiana
Boone Township, Dallas County, Iowa
Boone Township, Hancock County, Iowa
Boone Township, Wright County, Iowa
Boone Township, Lake of the Woods County, Minnesota
Boone Township, Wright County, Missouri
See also
East Boone Township, Bates County, Missouri
West Boone Township, Bates County, Missouri
Boon Township (disambiguation)
G-Aerosports Archon is one of the light aircraft types designed and built by G-Aerosports, an airplane manufacturer based in the city of Florina in Northern Greece
The plane has the configuration of a fifth-generation jet fighter and its first version, the single-seat SF/1, made its first flight on June 11, 2009.
It is offered for sale in a kit form (while two ready-to-fly copies have been produced); in 2020, an agreement was signed with Fisher Flying Products regarding its license production in Canada for the North American market.
The two-seat version SF-2T made its first official flight on April 4, 2022, and is to be produced under license in Australia.
References
External links
Company website
Sportair USA (U.S. dealer for G-Aerosports) Archon website
Archon SF/1 on Way to UK (Flyer Magazine)
Archon (Red Star.gr)
Archon aircraft kit engineering
License production of Archon aircraft in Canada
Archon at 2022 Oshkosh EAA AirVenture and license production
Aircraft manufacturers of Greece
Greek ultralight aircraft
Enfield Old Park was an ancient game reserve located in Enfield. It is mentioned in the Domesday Book. Today much of the Park is built over as part of the suburb of Grange Park.
Early history
The Park was situated around the site of an Iron Age hill fort, the remains of which can still be seen in the vicinity of the building of Old Park House (now belonging to the Bush Hill Golf Club). These constitute the largest present-day hill fort remains in the old county of Middlesex.
The Domesday Book (1086) records the Manor of Enfield as being held by Geoffrey de Mandeville and mentions 'there is a park there'. The word 'park' in this sense refers to a preserve for game, and the park was reserved for this use until the 18th century. As the manor of Enfield had been held in Anglo-Saxon times by Asgar, Master of the Stud to Edward the Confessor, it is very possible that the area was already a game-park before the Norman Conquest. John Norden's map of Middlesex (c. 1593) clearly shows the fenced-in Old Park, with Salmons Brook flowing through it.
Royal property
In the mediaeval era the Park was recorded in documents as 'Parcus Intrinsicus' (Latin, 'the Inner Park') to distinguish it from the much larger, and unenclosed, Enfield Chase. The name 'Old Park' seems to have been applied from the 15th century. Around this time, the Park, together with the Manor of Enfield, became royal property as part of the Duchy of Lancaster.
Queen Elizabeth I frequently visited Enfield for hunting and stayed sometimes at the Manor House, known as 'Enfield Palace', which stood at the edge of the Park, and sometimes at Enfield House (Elsyng Palace). In 1596, Robert Carey, 1st Earl of Monmouth recorded that "The Queen came to dinner at Enfield House and had toils [traps] set up in the park to shoot the bucks after dinner".
In the early 17th century the course of the New River was laid through part of the Park. In April 1620 a review of the Park's stock gave a total of 207 fallow deer, of which 73 were "Deare of Anteleir" (i.e. antlered males).
During the Commonwealth period, the Park was sequestered by Oliver Cromwell's Protectorate, and a detailed survey was prepared. This assessed the area of the Park as , and its value as £311/10/- (i.e. £311.50 in present-day notation). It also mentions the Park's stock of coneys (rabbits), and "50 sorts of several deer". The Park was given initially to Parliamentary soldiers in lieu of their overdue wages, but was then granted to George Monck, 1st Duke of Albemarle.
Enclosure and after
At the Restoration the Park remained in Monck's family, who began to sell parts of it. However the nature of the Park was to change as a consequence of the 1777 Enclosure Act, which divided Enfield Chase amongst several parishes and owners, including the then owner of the Park, Samuel Clayton. This necessitated the establishment of a number of new roads (including the present Green Dragon Lane) and gateways. Over the next century much of the land changed hands and although the area was essentially agricultural, building began in many parts of the Old Park Estate. In 1893/95, two golf clubs (Enfield Golf Club and Bush Hill Golf Club) undertook long leases on parts of the Old Park, and they continue to operate there to the present day.
The advent of the railway to the area (both Grange Park station and Enfield Chase station are situated within the original boundaries of the Old Park) meant that the land became valuable for domestic housing, and between 1910 and 1936 most of the present suburb of Grange Park was constructed.
The Park is still remembered in several road names, notably Old Park Ridings, Old Park Road and Old Park Avenue. Enfield Town Park is however the only public remnant of the open space that was once Enfield Old Park.
Sources
Haigh, Douglas, Old Park in the Manor of Enfield, London 1977.
Pevsner, Nikolaus and Bridget Cherry The Buildings of England: London 4:North, London 1998
Victoria Country History: Middlesex, vol.5, London 1976 (also online)
Weinreb, Ben, The London Encyclopaedia. London, 1983
Notes
Enfield, London
Parks and open spaces in the London Borough of Enfield
History of the London Borough of Enfield
History of Middlesex
Middlesex
El botones Sacarino (bellhop Saccharino) is a Spanish comic character of the series of the same name created by Francisco Ibáñez Talavera in 1963 focusing on the comic adventures of a clumsy bellhop and the disasters he unintentionally caused in the office he worked for.
Publication
It was created in 1963 by Francisco Ibáñez for the magazine El DDT with one-page strips. The character was heavily inspired by Andre Franquin's Gaston Lagaffe, indeed it is somewhat of a merge between him and Spirou (the latter because of the bellhop uniform). Some of the first pages are almost identical of ones of Gaston Lagaffe.
That similarity was reduced in 1966 with the introduction of a new original character, the Director (el Dire), who received orders from the President (el Presi). The dynamic of the series also changed, as it was usually the President being harmed by the consequences of Sacarino's actions and ideas, with the Director being mistakenly blamed for them (Sacarino still maintained the sympathy of the readers, because his gaffes were unintentional and because the Director was very despotic with his employees). The strips were then two pages long.
In 1973, Sacarino became the main character of the magazine Tío Vivo. In 1975, there were two short lived magazines named after him "Sacarino" and "Super Sacarino".
After 1980, Ibáñez did no longer drew the series, all strips after this date are from other Bruguera authors, most of them uncredited.
Characters
Sacarino: A naive and clumsy bellhop who works at first for the newspaper El aullido vespertino and later for the magazine El DDT. He spends his time playing with animals, sleeping and doing anything except working.
El Dire (the Director): He is always angry and dresses all in black. He is very despotic with his subordinates but always trying to impress his superiors (especially the President). At first he was a caricature of Rafael González, real life director of the Bruguera publishing house, but he didn't find it funny and ordered Ibáñez to redraw the character.
El Presi (the president): The main boss of the office. He is usually harmed by Sacarino's antics, but the circumstances make it appear the Director the guilty one.
Other media
There was an unsuccessful homonymous television series adaptation in 2000, broadcast on La 1.
References
Humor comics
Spanish comics titles
Spanish comic strips
1963 comics debuts
Comics characters introduced in 1963
Elena-Maria Smon Wolay (born 23 April 1986) is a Swedish entertainment personality, DJ, cabaret dancer, blogger and nightclub concept developer.
Elena Wolay grew up in Jönköping to parents from Eritrea.
She is in charge of developing nightclub concepts for 'Berns', one of Stockholms more famous establishments plus serving as afterwork resident-DJ at five-star hotel Reisen and running a jazz club among other projects.
Smon Wolay has also deejayed at the Swedish Sex and the City 2 gala premiere, Way Out West music festival, the wedding of Jan Bengtsson (heir to clothing company H&M) and Cirkusprinsessan, an international circus world championship for females only. She has also modeled in Nöjesguiden magazine.
References
1986 births
Living people
Swedish DJs
Swedish female dancers
Swedish bloggers
Electronic dance music DJs
Swedish women bloggers
Aaron Lansky (born June 17, 1955 in New Bedford, Massachusetts) is the founder of the Yiddish Book Center, an organization he created to help salvage Yiddish language publications. He received a MacArthur Fellowship in 1989 for his work.
Lansky is the author of Outwitting History (2004), an autobiographical account of how he saved the Yiddish books of the world, from the 1970s to the present day. It won the 2005 Massachusetts Book Award. A children's book called “The Book Rescuer: How a Mensch from Massachusetts Saved Yiddish Literature for Generations to Come” also tells his story.
Education
Lansky graduated from Hampshire College in 1977 with a B.A. in modern Jewish history, and went on to a graduate program in East European Jewish studies at McGill University in Montreal.
Notes
1955 births
Living people
20th-century American Jews
MacArthur Fellows
Yiddish-language literature
Hampshire College alumni
McGill University alumni
21st-century American Jews
Hugh Cameron RSA RSW (1835–1918) was a Scottish artist. He specialised in figurative scenes. He exhibited in both the Royal Academy and Royal Scottish Academy from 1871.
Life
He was born in Edinburgh on 4 August 1835, the eldest son of John Cameron (b.1790) and his wife Isabella Armstrong (b.1800). He was apprenticed to an architect in 1849. In the same year, he began classes at the Trustees Academy. He showed a flair for art and took additional classes under Robert Scott Lauder.
In 1878 he co-founded the Scottish Society of Painters in Watercolour. In 1880 he was sharing a house and studio at 12 Queen Street, Edinburgh with George Hay RSA. This is an outstanding and prestigious property.
In 1900 he was living at 8 Merchiston Place. In 1910 he was living at 45 George Square, Edinburgh, a close neighbour to Percy Portsmouth.
He died at the home of his married daughter, Isabella Armstrong Archibald, on Spottiswoode Street in Edinburgh on 15 July 1918 and is buried in Grange Cemetery in south Edinburgh.
Family
In 1877 he was married to Jessie Thomson Anderson (1846-1905) of Glasgow widow of Alexander Allan. His son Hugh S Cameron was also an artist.
Known Works
Going to the Hay (1858)
Holding the Skein (1883)
The Go-Cart (1885)
The spinning Lesson (1885)
Old Man and Boy with Harp (1890)
The Highlander's Farewell
References
1835 births
1918 deaths
Artists from Edinburgh
Scottish artists
Carl-Heinz Schroth (29 June 1902 – 19 July 1989) was a German actor and film director. He appeared in 60 films between 1931 and 1989. He also directed seven films between 1953 and 1963. He was born in Innsbruck, Austria, to Else Ruttersheim and film and stage actor Heinrich Schroth and died in Munich, Germany. His younger half-sister was actress Hannelore Schroth, from his father's marriage to actress Käthe Haack. He was married to the actress Karin Jacobsen.
Selected filmography
Director
Men at a Dangerous Age (1954)
The Telephone Operator (1954)
The Missing Miniature (1954)
Reaching for the Stars (1955)
Actor
Der Kongreß tanzt (1931)
The Coral Princess (1937)
Crooks in Tails (1937)
Somewhere in Berlin (1946)
Morituri (1948)
Derby (1949)
My Wife's Friends (1949)
The Last Night (1949)
My Niece Susanne (1950)
Shadows in the Night (1950)
A Rare Lover (1950)
The Dubarry (1951)
Under the Thousand Lanterns (1952)
Don't Forget Love (1953)
Wenn der Vater mit dem Sohne (1955)
How Do I Become a Film Star? (1955)
Secrets of the City (1955)
I Learned That in Paris (1960)
(1963, TV film)
(TV series, 1969–1970)
Derrick - Season 3, Episode 9: "Ein unbegreiflicher Typ" (1976)
Jakob und Adele (TV series, 1982–1989)
References
External links
1902 births
1989 deaths
German male film actors
German male television actors
German mass media people
Film people from Innsbruck
20th-century German male actors
Actors from Innsbruck
Burqin may refer to:
China
Burqin County, a county in Xinjiang
(布尔津镇), a town and the seat of Burqin County
(布尔津河), in Xinjiang
Palestine
Burqin, Palestine
Burqin Church
See also
Burkin
Kelly Goldsmith is an American marketing researcher who specializes in consumer behavior and a former reality television contestant. She is currently the E. Bronson Ingram Chair and Professor of marketing at the Owen Graduate School of Management at Vanderbilt University.
Career
Goldsmith was born and raised in San Diego, California. Her father, Marshall Goldsmith, is an executive leadership coach. She graduated from Duke University in 2001 with a B.A. in sociology. Goldsmith obtained her Ph.D., M. Phil. and M.A. in marketing from Yale University completing her studies in 2009. After graduation she worked as an associate professor at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management.
Goldsmith has been an associate professor of marketing at the Owen Graduate School of Management at Vanderbilt University since 2017. Her areas of research include human responses to scarcity and uncertainty. She has appeared as a commentator in numerous publications on the topic of consumer panic buying in relation to COVID-19. She previously gave a talk in TedxNashville talk in 2019 titled "How to make the most out of not having enough". She has also served on the editorial boards of Journal of Marketing Research and the Journal of Consumer Research.
Survivor
In 2001, Goldsmith appeared as a contestant on the third season of the American television reality show Survivor as part of the cast of Survivor: Africa. She was eliminated on Day 24 after being falsely accused of casting a prior vote against fellow contestant Lex van den Berghe. She finished in ninth place and was the first member of the jury. In her Final Tribal Council vote, she voted for Ethan Zohn to win.
Goldsmith later became a casting director for CBS and helped build the cast of Survivor: Vanuatu, Survivor's ninth season.
Personal life
After Survivor: Africa, Goldsmith married Reid Shriner. Together, they have twin children.
Select publications
References
External links
Women social scientists
Survivor (American TV series) contestants
Yale University alumni
Vanderbilt University faculty
Living people
People from San Diego
Duke University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Participants in American reality television series
Tumarkin, Tomarkin or Toumarkin may refer to:
People
Anna Tumarkin (born 1875), Swiss philosopher
Leander Tomarkin (born 1865), Swiss impostor
lev Tumarkin, (1901-1974) Russian mathematician
Maurice Tumarkin, (1900-1972, American fashion designer
Peter Tomarken (born 1942), American game show host
Yakov-Yan Toumarkin (born 1992), Israeli swimmer
Yigal Tumarkin (born 1933), Israeli painter
Yon Tumarkin (born 1989), Israeli actor
Other uses
Tumarkin drop attack, a sudden fall without loss of consciousness
WASO may refer to:
Waso, a month in the traditional Burmese calendar that marks the beginning of the traditional Buddhist retreat during the rainy season
WASO (AM), a defunct radio station (730 AM) formerly licensed to Covington, Louisiana, United States
West Australian Symphony Orchestra, the premier professional orchestra of the state of Western Australia
Worms: A Space Oddity, a video game
Babo Airport, in Babo, Western New Guinea, Indonesia (ICAO code WASO)
Washington Office (WASO), the central administrative office of the National Park Service; see Organization of the National Park Service
Wake After Sleep Onset, a measure of the time spent awake after first falling asleep, often used in somnology
The Hallie Ford Museum of Art (HFMA) is the museum of Willamette University in Salem, Oregon, United States. It is the third largest art museum in Oregon. Opened in 1998, the facility is across the street from the Oregon State Capital in downtown Salem, on the western edge of the school campus. Hallie Ford exhibits collections of both art and historical artifacts with a focus on Oregon related pieces of art and artists in the facility. The museum also hosts various traveling exhibits in two of its six galleries.
History
Prior to the creation of the Hallie Ford Museum, Willamette University previously collected various pieces of art donated to the university. By 1896 the collections were housed in a museum located on the fourth floor of Waller Hall. By 1940 the museum had moved to the second floor of the gymnasium (now the Theatre Playhouse). At that time the museum's collection included birds, various documents, minerals, wood specimens, shells, plant specimens, and Native American artifacts, among others.
In 1990, the school received a donation of around 250 pieces of ancient, European, Middle Eastern, and Asian art from the Sponenburgh family. Alumnus Dan Schneider suggested to an art faculty member, Roger Hull, that the school should have a museum to display the university's art collection in 1992. Then in 1994 Roger Hull made a presentation to the school's trustees to push for the creation of an art museum. Over the next two years plans were developed and donations were made that led to the purchase of a building near campus for a museum. One large donation came from Hallie Ford and the Ford Family Foundation that allowed the purchase and remodel to move forward. The museum officially opened in 1998 with over 3,000 pieces of art, and was the second largest art museum in the state at that time.
The museum was named top fine arts venue and art gallery in the local region in 2002 by residents. In 2003, the facility received a Certificate of Award from the Oregon Art Education Association, and was named as the third best art gallery in Oregon's mid-Willamette Valley region. Attendance at the museum was approximately 16,000 in the first full-year of operation and increased to around 30,000 people per year in 2003.
In July 2007, the museum began a remodeling project to add storage to the basement areas and the room used for studying prints. The $850,000 remodel was completed in December 2007 with funding coming from a donation by Maribeth Collins. Also in 2007, Hallie Ford Museum of Art was given an American Masterpieces grant by the National Endowment for the Arts through the Oregon Arts Commission. This $50,000 grant helped to fund an exhibit entitled "The Art of Ceremony" regarding tribal ceremonies of Native American tribes in Oregon. The museum introduced the "Breath of Heaven, Breath of Earth" exhibit in 2013, which was billed as its most ambitious exhibit.
The museum is part of the Monuments Men and Women Museum Network, launched in 2021 by the Monuments Men Foundation for the Preservation of Art.
Building
The building housing the museum was built in 1965 for Pacific Northwest Bell. This International Style building contains on three floors (two above ground), and was designed by local architect James L. Payne. In 1996, the building then owned by US West Communications was purchased by the university. Willamette then remodeled the building during 1997 to 1998 with the design coming from Jon Weiner of Soderstrom Architects of Portland, Oregon.
The building opened on October 3, 1998, with a two-story atrium gallery, curves located throughout the interior space, marble panels, and an enclosed garden on the exterior. Additionally, the brick faced structure has an exterior patio constructed of slate. There are a total of six galleries at the museum, with four used for permanent collections and two galleries used for traveling exhibits. In 2008, colored reflector panels were added to the narrow second floor windows in order to provide more color to the exterior. Measuring 69.5 inches high by 21.75 inches wide, some of the panels are illuminated from the interior.
Collections
Hallie Ford Museum of Art has a diverse collection of art from across cultures and eras. Six exhibition galleries contain artwork from different mediums such as sculptures, paintings, basketry, and prints. Artwork includes Native American art, European paintings, American art, and contemporary art. The museum also features local art and artists.
Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Gallery contains basketry made by Native American tribes in the Pacific Northwest. These pieces are from the Byrd and Polleski Collections acquired during the 1940s. The museum also contains the Carl Hall Gallery that holds a variety of work, including work by former faculty members. Other galleries at the museum include the Melvin Henderson-Rubio Gallery that exhibits traveling collections, General Collections Gallery that displays Asian and European artwork, the Study Gallery that shows small temporary collections, and the Print Study Room that exhibits prints and photographs.
HFMA holds two paintings by German landscape painter Frederick Ferdinand Schafer (1839–1927). Morning in the Adirondacks and Olympic Mountains, Washington were both acquired in 1996 by the museum. Other pieces of art include Egyptian art, Korean art, African art, Indian art, and etchings by Dutch artist Anthonie Waterloo. The museum also houses the Paulus Collection of photograph glass negatives of the Salem area from the early Twentieth Century.
Hallie Ford Museum of Art is a member of both the American Association for State and Local History, and the American Alliance of Museums. The museum has an endowment of $4.5 million as of 2005.
Past exhibits
Seattle painter Michael Spafford's works were featured in a 1999 show HFMA. In 2005, the museum displayed a retrospective of Portland artist Michael Brophy. The museum held a show in 2007 featuring work by Oregon painter Amanda Snyder. Other exhibits have included shows on Rick Bartow, Jacob Lawrence, David Giese, Fay Jones, Eunice Parsons, David Gilhooly, Mary Lou Zeek, and Robert Hess among other artists. HFMA has also hosted traveling exhibits on Egyptian art in 2002, was one of three U.S. stops for the "Toi Maori: The Eternal Thread" exhibit, exhibited a collection of ancient glass work in 2007, and displayed an exhibit on ancient Roman and Greek artifacts. In 2011, AMERICANA by Ross Palmer Beecher was exhibited in the Melvin Henderson-Rubio Gallery.
Namesake
Hallie Ford was one of the founders of the Ford Family Foundation. She graduated from East Central University in Oklahoma and moved to Oregon after graduation. Ford became a trustee at Willamette University in 1975. She was the wife of Kenneth W. Ford and they built Roseburg Forest Products Company in Roseburg, Oregon, beginning in 1936. From this they later started a foundation that would grow to become the Ford Family Foundation in 1996. Ford died on June 4, 2007, at age 102.
References
External links
In the Fullness of Time: Masterpieces of Egyptian Art from American Collections
Ancient Art in the Hallie Ford Museum of Art
1998 establishments in Oregon
Art museums established in 1998
Art museums and galleries in Oregon
Museums in Salem, Oregon
University museums in Oregon
Willamette University buildings
Dystasia tonkinea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Maurice Pic in 1930.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1930
The 2020–21 Siena Saints men's basketball team represented Siena College in the 2020–21 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Saints, led by second-year head coach Carmen Maciariello, played their home games at the Alumni Recreation Center in Loudonville, New York as members of the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference. They finished the season 12–5, 12–4 in MAAC play to finish in a tie for first place. As the No. 1 seed in the MAAC Tournament, they were upset in the quarterfinals by No. 9 seed Iona 52–55.
Previous season
The Saints finished the 2019–20 season 20–10 overall, 15–5 in MAAC play to finish in first place. As the No. 1 seed in the MAAC Tournament, they defeated No. 9 seed Manhattan 63–49 in the quarterfinals. However, the semifinals and championship game, and all postseason tournaments, were cancelled amid the COVID-19 pandemic.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=|MAAC regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=| MAAC Tournament
|-
|-
Source
References
Siena Saints men's basketball seasons
Siena Saints
Siena Saints men's basketball
Siena Saints men's basketball
Sayyid ˈAbdur-Rahmān al-Bukhāri (; 1920 – 1 February 2014), known as Ullal Thangal and honoured with the title Tājul Ulamā , was an Indian Islamic scholar. He was the President of Samastha, Jamia Sa-adiya Arabic College, Principal of the Sayyid Madani Arabic College, Ullal, and the Qazi of Ullal.
He was a prominent member of the Samastha until the split of the Sunnis in 1989 and the Samastha's AP faction thereafter.
His resting place is in Ettikulam, Kannur, Kerala.
See also
Sheikh Abubakr Ahmad
References
External links
Kerala CM leads Muslims to pay homage to scholar at Arab News
As Spiritual Light Fades, South Indian Muslims Face Many Woes at islamicpluralism.org
1920 births
2014 deaths
Sunni Muslim scholars
Islam in Kerala
People from Kozhikode district
Kerala Sunni-Shafi'i scholars
Hit the Road may refer to:
Hit the Road (1941 film), American crime comedy film
Hit the Road (2021 film), Iranian comedy-drama film
Hit the Road (TV series), 2017 American comedy series
Francesca Sterlacci is an American fashion designer, author and entrepreneur. She launched her clothing brand, Francesca Sterlacci Ltd. in 1980, and continued designing clothes under her label until 1989. Sterlacci joined the Fashion Institute of Technology as a teacher in 1990, and became the chairwoman of the Fashion department at the institute in 2001.
In 2013, Sterlacci launched University of Fashion, an online library of fashion design videos.
Early life and education
Sterlacci was born in Hoboken, and raised in and Union City. When she was ten, she used scraps from her mother's sewing machine and prepared Barbie doll costumes. Her mother did not allow her to use the sewing machine herself, so she had to hand stitch dresses, and that helped her improve her hand stitching skills. She kept some of these dresses and sold others to neighbourhood friends.
While studying at the Emerson High School in Union City, she collaborated with a friend on making mini and maxi skirts and selling them to boutiques in New York. After completing high school, she joined Fashion Institute of Technology and received Associate of Applied Science degree in fashion design. Upon graduating, she joined Jersey City State College for a bachelor's degree in art.
Career
Sterlacci started her career in the late 70s working for a bodysuit company. She later joined a junior sportswear firm, Sunday's Workclothes, who sent her to a lot to countries like India, Hong Kong, Italy, France and Taiwan. She became a head merchandiser at Time and Place where she managed five divisions. Sterlacci developed a label of her own in her spare time.
She founded Francesca Sterlacci Ltd. in 1980 and the first collection consisted of 15 sportswear pieces. Her designs were greatly influenced by her travel while at Sunday's Workclothes. By 1981, she added leather to her collection. The top-selling clothes in her line were in leather and suede.
In 1981, after positive feedback on her designs, she quit her day job and started working on her label full-time. Sterlacci started her business using savings and a few loans and did not have financial backers or factors. In 1983, she added a selection of knit and weave sportswear to the line. She opened her own showroom, and kept producing clothes under her label until 1989. In 1990, Sterlacci opened a freelance design service called Design Instinct, designing clothes for other designers.
In 1990, she started teaching at Fashion Institute of Technology and in 2001, she became the Chair of FIT's Fashion Design Department. She held that position until 2004, when she moved to San Francisco and started teaching at the Academy of Art University where she taught until 2010.
University of Fashion
Sterlacci launched University of Fashion, an online library of fashion design videos, in 2013. Sterlacci felt that fashion design was declining in the US due to companies manufacturing off-shore, and she wanted to promote fashion design education. She got the idea of launching University of Fashion while teaching at Fashion Institute of Technology and the Academy of Art University and felt that students "didn't want to rely on books; they wanted videos."
In the media
During the 80s, her designs were featured in magazines such as Vogue, Elle and Glamour and her work has appeared on the covers of Women's Wear Daily and Harper's Bazaar, as well as in The New York Times and The Record.
In 1982, Women's Wear Daily wrote about her leather collection that "in a year when leather clothing of all kinds and qualities is flooding the market, Francesca Sterlacci's Maderia-work leathers for Penthouse G stand out for the quality of their execution and the success with which they translate traditional techniques to modern sensibilities."
In 1986, Women's Wear Daily called her a "shoestring entrepreneur" referring to the fact that she worked without financial backers or factors. She was featured in Chicago Voice in August 1988 that wrote about her "a young fashion designer who is fast becoming a fashion leader is Francesca Sterlacci. Her trendsetting spring collection is designed for now with one foot in the future."
Bibliography
Historical Dictionary of the Fashion Industry (Second Edition), with Joanne Arbuckle (2017)
Leather Apparel Design (1997)
Historical Dictionary of the Fashion Industry, with Joanne Arbuckle (2007)
The A to Z of the Fashion Industry (2009)
Leather Fashion Design (Portfolio Skills) (2010)
References
External links
University of Fashion
Living people
1951 births
Fashion Institute of Technology alumni
Fashion Institute of Technology faculty
New Jersey City University alumni
Academy of Art University faculty
The 'ndrina (plural: 'ndrine) is the basic unit in the 'Ndrangheta, a criminal organization from Calabria.
Province of Catanzaro
Badolato
Gallelli
Borgia
Giacobbe
Curinga
Fruci
Guardavalle
Gallace
Mandalari
Isola di Capo Rizzuto
Costanzo
Gaglianesi
Lamezia Terme
Giampà
Gualtieri
Iannazzo
Torcasio
Marcedusa
Trovato
Soverato
Sia
Province of Cosenza
Amantea
Gentile
Cariati
Critelli
Cassano allo Ionio
Faillace
Forastefano
Castrovillari
Abbruzzese
Cetraro
Muto
Corigliano
Carelli
Cosenza
Bruni
Cicero
Lanzino
Perna
Pino
Rossano
Acri
Province of Crotone
Cirò
Farao
Crotone
Vrenna
Cutro
Dragone
Grande Aracri
Isola di Capo Rizzuto
Arena
Nicoscia
Paparo
Petilia Policastro
Carvelli
Ferrazzo
Rocca di Neto
Iona
Province of Reggio Calabria
Reggio Calabria
Barreca
Condello (also in Fiumara and Villa San Giovanni)
De Stefano-Tegano
'Ndrina Di Giovine
Latella
Labate
Libri
Lo Giudice
Nasone
Rosmini
Serraino (a.k.a. Serraino-DiGiovine)
Tripodo
Zindato
Melito Porto Salvo
Iamonte
Sant'Eufemia d'Aspromonte
Araniti (also in Sanbatello)
Villa San Giovanni
Imerti
Gioia Tauro plain (Province of Reggio Calabria)
Castellace
Mammoliti
Cinquefrondi
Petullà
Cittanova
Albanese (also Laureana di Borrello)
Facchineri
Gioia Tauro
Molè
Piromalli
Melicucco
Guerrisi Mercuri
Palmi
Bruzzise
Gallico
Parrello
Polistena
Longo Versace
Rizziconi
Crea
Franconieri
Rosarno
Pesce
Bellocco
Seminara
Gioffrè
Santaiti
Sinopoli
Alvaro
Violi
Taurianova
Avignone
Maio
Zagari
Locride (Province of Reggio Calabria)
Africo
Morabito
Palamara
Careri
Cua
Ciminà
Varacalli
Condofuri
Rodà
Gioiosa Ionica
Belfiore
Ierinò
Ursino
Laureana di Borrello
D'Agostino
Locri
Cataldo
Cordì
Marina di Gioiosa Ionica
Aquino
Mazzaferro
Monasterace
Ruga
Platì
Agresta
Barbaro
Marando
Molluso
Papalia
Sergi
San Lorenzo
Paviglianiti
San Luca
Nirta-Strangio
Pelle-Vottari
Giorgi
La Maggiore
Romeo
Siderno
Gallace-Novella
Commisso
Costa
Macrì
Province of Vibo Valentia
Briatico
Accorinti
Filadelfia
Anello
Filandari
Soriano
Gerocarne
Loielo
Limbadi
Mancuso
San Gregorio d'Ippona
Fiarè
Sant'Onofrio
Bonavota
Serra San Bruno
Vallelunga
Tropea
La Rosa
Piserà
Vibo Valentia
Cracolici
Lo Bianco
Tripodi
See also
Honoured Society
List of criminal organizations
Organized crime in Italy
Siderno Group
References
External links
Relazione annuale sulla 'ndrangheta, Commissione parlamentare di inchiesta sul fenomeno della criminalità organizzata mafiosa o similare (Relatore: Francesco Forgione), February 2008 (Maps of 'ndrine per province)
Calabrian society
Italian
it:'Ndrina
Rye Studio School was a mixed studio school located in Rye, East Sussex, England. It opened in 2013 and catered for students aged 14–19 years. It was located on the Rye College campus, sponsored by the Rye Academy Trust, and is classified as a free school. It closed in 2018.
Curriculum
As a studio school the curriculum was different from many local secondary schools. The core GCSE subjects of maths, computer science and English language and literature were followed, with the curriculum extended to include performing arts, photography, music, art and creative media to GCSE standard. The school offered mainstream qualifications, using enquiry-based projects, and linked to employment, with local employers involved in all aspects of the curriculum.
Ofsted
In June 2015, the school had its first Ofsted inspection, when the school was judged to be "Outstanding". The inspectors noted that the school had an impressive strategic vision which, only two years after opening, was being fully realised. It was inspected again in 2016 and judged as Requiring Improvement. The inspectors stated that "The founding leaders of the studio school remain rightly proud of the vision. Regrettably, this impressive ambition was not tempered by a realistic understanding of all the managerial skills necessary to lead successful provision".
Changes
In March 2017, Rye Studio announced it would be taking no new intakes from the age of 14, and would try and re-brand in 2018/19. There were protests from students and the local community. From December 2017, the plan was for the school to merge with Rye College in September 2018.
References
External links
Rye Studio School official site
Defunct schools in East Sussex
Educational institutions established in 2013
2013 establishments in England
Defunct studio schools
Educational institutions disestablished in 2018
2018 disestablishments in England
Erpr lútandi was according to Skáldatal the court skald of the Swedish kings Eysteinn Beli and Björn at Haugi. There are no extant poems by Erpr.
Skáldatal tells that Erpr committed the crime of killing in a sanctuary. He avoided the death penalty by composing a drápa about Saurr konungshundr.
The Landnámabók adds that he had a daughter named Lopthœna who was the wife of Bragi Boddason, another skald of king Eysteinn Beli. Lopthœna and Bragi were ancestors of Gunnlaugr ormstunga.
References
Viking Age poets
Swedish poets
Sivella is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the subfamily Durgellinae of the family Helicarionidae.
Species
Sivella albofilosa (Bavay & Dautzenberg, 1909)
Sivella bagoensis (Hidalgo, 1890)
Sivella billeana (Mörch, 1872)
Sivella bintuanensis (Hidalgo, 1890)
Sivella castra (Benson, 1852)
Sivella cerea (Möllendorff, 1898)
Sivella costellifera (Möllendorff, 1890)
Sivella crossei (Hidalgo, 1890)
Sivella decipiens (Quadras & Möllendorff, 1898)
Sivella galerus (Benson, 1856)
Sivella granulosa (Möllendorff, 1888)
Sivella heptogyra (Quadras & Möllendorff, 1894)
Sivella hyptiocyclos (Benson, 1863)
Sivella latior (Bavay & Dautzenberg, 1909)
Sivella loocensis (Hidalgo, 1887)
Sivella luteobrunnea (Möllendorff, 1890)
Sivella mindoroana (Quadras & Möllendorff, 1895)
Sivella montana (Möllendorff, 1901)
Sivella platysma (Quadras & Möllendorff, 1896)
Sivella pseudosericina (Möllendorff, 1898)
Sivella rufa (Möllendorff, 1888)
Sivella sericata (Möllendorff, 1898)
Sivella sericina (Möllendorff, 1893)
Sivella splendens (C. Semper, 1873)
Sivella splendidula (Möllendorff, 1890)
Sivella subtaeniata (Quadras & Möllendorff, 1896)
Sivella suturalis (Quadras & Möllendorff, 1894)
Synonym
Sivella paviei (Morlet, 1885): synonuym of Trochomorpha paviei (Morlet, 1885)
References
Bank, R. A. (2017). Classification of the Recent terrestrial Gastropoda of the World. Last update: July 16th, 2017
External links
Blanford, W. T. (1863). On Indian species of land-shells belonging to the genera Helix, Linn., and Nanina, Gray. Annals and Magazine of Natural History. (3) 11(62): 81-86
Helicarionidae
Francisco Massiani (2 April 1944 – 1 April 2019) was a Venezuelan writer and painter. His first novel, Piedra de mar has been a bestseller since its publication. It's a Bildungsroman of a middle class teenager in Caracas. Massiani, won the Municipal Prize of Prose in 1998, and in 2005, the V annual contest of the Fundación para la Cultura Urbana (Foundation for the Urban Culture), for the storybook Florencio y los pajaritos de Angelina, su mujer. In 2006, he published his first book of poetry. In 2012 he won the National Prize for Literature, as a recognition to his entire body of work.
List of works
Novel
Piedra de mar (1968)
Los tres mandamientos de Misterdoc Fonegal (1976)
Short Story
Fiesta de campo/Renate o la vida siempre como en un comienzo (1965; published in 2008)
Las primeras hojas de la noche (1970)
El llanero solitario tiene la cabeza pelada como un cepillo de dientes (1975)
Relatos (1990)
Con agua en la piel (1998)
Florencio y los pajaritos de Angelina, su mujer (2006)
Poetry
2006 Antología
2007 Señor de la ternura
2011 Corsarios
Anthologies
16 cuentos latinoamericanos : antología para jóvenes, Coedición Latinoamericana, 1992,
References
External links
Fragment Piedra de mar
"Un regalo para Julia", from Relatos
En la palabra de Pancho – Interview to Francisco Massiani in Lo afirmativo venezolano
1944 births
2019 deaths
People from Caracas
Venezuelan novelists
Male novelists
21st-century Venezuelan poets
Venezuelan male poets
21st-century male writers
This is a list of Pennsylvania State Historical Markers which were first placed by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in 1914 and are currently overseen by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission (PHMC) as part of its Historical Markers Program. Since the modern PHMC program began in 1946, there have been over 2,000 historical sites in all 67 Pennsylvania counties that are marked by an official Pennsylvania state historical marker.
History
The Historical Markers Program was authorized by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania when it created Pennsylvania Historical Commission (PHC), the precursor of the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission (PHMC), through the Act of the General Assembly No. 777, on July 25, 1913. The PHC was empowered to mark by proper monuments, tablets, or markers, places or buildings within the Commonwealth where historical events transpired.
The earliest markers were bronze plaques often mounted on large stones gathered from the Pennsylvania countryside. Philadelphia architect Paul Philippe Cret (1876-1945) designed later bronze plaques that included the state's coat of arms with text laid out within a rectangular double border. Starting in 1945, markers were cast of aluminum, used gold-colored text of raised characters on a deep blue background within a silver-colored frame, and were initially affixed to concrete posts, so as to be more easily seen by motorists alongside roads. Eventually smaller and narrower city markers were added for their better suitability in urban settings.
Listings of markers by county
The following are approximate tallies of current marker listings in Pennsylvania by county. These counts are based on entries in the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission's database as of August, 2020. There are yearly additions to the listings and some markers may be missing or stolen. (Approved markers)
Approved Markers for 2014
Fred Rogers, Latrobe
St. Nicholas Roman Catholic Croatian Church, Pittsburgh
Commercial Radium Production, Pittsburgh
George W. Crawford, Emlenton, Venango County
Ross Leffler School of Conservation, Brockway, Jefferson County
Bryden Horse Shoe Works, Catasauqua, Lehigh County
Byberry Hall, Philadelphia
Old St. Joseph's Roman Catholic Church, Philadelphia
Eddie Gottlieb, Philadelphia
Elfreth's Alley, Philadelphia
John Barry, Philadelphia
John J. McDermott, Philadelphia
Leopold Stokowski, Philadelphia
Muhammed's Temple of Islam#12, Philadelphia
Thomas A. Edison High School Honorable 64, Philadelphia
Wesley A.M.E. Zion Church, Philadelphia
Enos Benner, Marlborough Township, Montgomery County
Frank Cooper Craighead, South Middleton Township, Cumberland County
Humphrey Marshall, West Bradford Township, Chester County
Sheppton Mine Disaster and Rescue, Sheppton, Schuylkill County
Stuart Tank, Berwick, Columbia County
Approved Markers for 2015
American Institute of Mining Engineers - Wilkes-Barre, Luzerne County
Anthony Benezet - Philadelphia, Philadelphia County
The Dennis Farm - Brooklyn Twp., Susquehanna County
Devon Horse Show - Devon, Chester County
Don't Give Up the Ship Battle Flag - Erie, Erie County
Dr. Constantine Hering - Philadelphia, Philadelphia County
Eddie Adams - New Kensington, Westmoreland County
Ethel Waters - Chester, Delaware County
Maxfield Parrish - Philadelphia, Philadelphia County
Medical Library Association - Philadelphia, Philadelphia County
Mildred Scott Olmstead - Rose Valley, Delaware County
Newport Citizens Free Captured Fugitive Slaves - Newport, Perry County
Robertson Art Tile Company - Morrisville, Bucks County
Samuel Roxy Rothafel - Forest City, Susquehanna County
Sarah Josepha Hale - Philadelphia, Philadelphia County
Sigma Sound Studios - Philadelphia, Philadelphia County
Sullivan Progress Plaza - Philadelphia, Philadelphia County
Tatiana Proskouriakoff - Landsdowne, Delaware County
Terminal Commerce Building - Philadelphia, Philadelphia County
Westinghouse Gas Wells - Pittsburgh, Allegheny County
William Penn Charter School - Philadelphia, Philadelphia County
York Water Company - York, York County
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pennsylvania
ArcGIS Data of markers - 1910 - 2010
References
External links
Pennsylvania Historical Marker Program
Pennsylvania Historical & Museum Commission
ExplorePAhistory.com, a collaborative effort of the PHMC and WITF
Kattuchembakam is a 2002 Indian Malayalam romance film starring Jayasurya and Charmy Kaur. The film was directed by Vinayan. The film was a box office failure.
Plot
Chandru and Shivan are two close friends living in the tribal village in the midst of a forest with their sisters Karthika Mathew and Chembakam (Charmy Kaur) respectively. Chandru is in love with Chembagam and Shivan is in love with Karthika Mathew. They always have trouble with Kankani Rajappan who steals their supplies such as rice, sugar etc., When the village people find out about the theft, they confront Rajappan and start fighting with each other. When police arrive at the scene, they accuse Chandru and Shivan and get them arrested.
Chembakam is the most beautiful girl in the village and the police inspector who has had an eye on her for a very long time tries to rape her. S. P. Rajendran, newly transferred police commissioner saves Chembakam from the inspector and becomes the saviour of the village people. Astonished by the beauty of nature, he decides to take off and stay in the village guest house. Also, he makes a proposal to marry Chembakam and take her back to town and thereby provide her a luxurious life. In spite of knowing Chandru is in love with Chembakam, Shivan agrees to give his sister's hand in marriage to Rajendran thinking that her sister will be fine for the rest of her life. Chandru confronts him at the river bank and they both fight. Shivan being stronger than Chandru manages to control him and says that no one can stop this marriage and that if Chandru comes in the way he would kill him. Chandru tries to kill Rajendran but fails. The night before the marriage, Chembakam elopes with Chandru and they both decide to commit suicide but only to be caught by the villagers red handed. Chandru is held as captive & Chembakam is married to S. P. Rajendran the same night without the knowledge of others. The next day they find the dead body of Rajendran and assume that Chandru is the killer. Chandru goes to the guest house and finds that Chembakam is missing and fights with Rajendran's friends. He returns to the village and learns that is dead. Shivan confronts him and fights with him thinking that he ruined his sister's life. Chembakam arrives wearing blood stained clothes and confesses that she is the one who killed Rajendran. She also reveals that Rajendran married her only to make her a feast to his friends. They raped her in the name of marriage and she killed him after knowing this ugly truth. She confesses to Chandru that she is no more a suitable girl for him to live with. Chandru replies that he loves her for her character and not for her beauty and they embrace each other.
Cast
Jayasurya as Chandru
Charmy Kaur as Chembakam, Shivan's Sister
Manoj K. Jayan as S.P Rajendran
Anoop Menon as Shivan
Karthika Mathew as Chandru's Sister
Cochin Haneefa as Kankani Rajappan
Kottayam Nazeer as Ponnappan
Harishree Ashokan as Antappan
Indrans as Aandi
Narayanankutty as Kaduva Kuruppu
Janardhanan as A.D.G.P Menon
Mala Aravindan as Kattumooppan
Machan Varghese as Karumban
Kozhikode Sarada as Chandru's mother
Prem Kumar as Supply Officer
Shivaji as IG Vishwanathan
Sonia as Paaru
Chali Pala as CI
Bindu Ramakrishnan as Subadramma (Rajendran's mother)
Beena Sabu as Dakshyayani
References
External links
2002 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Vinayan
Films scored by Mohan Sithara
The Château d'Orrouy is an historic castle in Orrouy, Oise, Hauts-de-France, France.
History
The castle was built in the 15th century. It was redesigned in the Gothic Revival architectural style in the 19th century.
The castle was inherited by Count Armand Doria, an art collector who invited painters Jean-Baptiste-Camille Corot and Édouard Manet for short visits, and Adolphe-Félix Cals and Gustave-Henri Colin as extended guests.
Architectural significance
It has been listed as an official historical monument since March 30, 1989.
References
Châteaux in Oise
Monuments historiques of Hauts-de-France
Buildings and structures completed in the 15th century
The Men's 50 metre breaststroke competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 20 and 21 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were started on 20 June at 09:00.
Semifinals
The semifinals were started on 20 June at 18:34.
Final
The final was held on 21 June at 19:11.
References
Men's 50 metre breaststroke
Aleksandr Vladimirovich Lomakin (; born 14 February 1995) is a Russian football player. He plays for FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk.
Club career
He made his debut in the Russian Football National League for FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk on 20 September 2014 in a game against FC Gazovik Orenburg. He made his Russian Premier League debut for FC Ural Yekaterinburg on 25 April 2017 in a game against FC Spartak Moscow. On 19 June 2019, he joined FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk for the third time on loan until the end of the 2019–20 season. On 4 July 2020 he moved to Yenisey on a permanent basis, signing a 2-year contract.
Personal life
On 3 December 2018, his younger brother Aleksei Lomakin, a member of the Under-21 squad for FC Lokomotiv Moscow, was found dead in Moscow at the age of 18.
References
External links
Profile by Russian Football National League
1995 births
Footballers from Moscow
Living people
Russian footballers
Russia youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk players
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
U.D. Leiria players
FC Ural Yekaterinburg players
Russian Premier League players
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
FC Fakel Voronezh players
Pang Tsz Kin (; born 16 December 1986) is a former Hong Kong professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Club career
Pang played for Tai Po, Happy Valley, Yuen Long and Dream Metro Gallery.
Tai Po
He started his career at Wofoo Tai Po FC, staying at the club for 4 seasons.
Happy Valley
He then signed for Happy Valley for the 2013–14 Hong Kong First Division League.
Yuen Long
After a season with Happy Valley, Pang signed for Yuen Long FC.
Metro Gallery
In 2015, he signed for Metro Gallery.
Yuen Long
He returned to the club after 2 years.
Lee Man
On 17 July 2018, Pang was announced as a Lee Man player ahead of the 2018–19 season. He made his competitive debut on 30 September 2018 against Hoi King with a win and a clean sheet.
International career
Pang was part of the Hong Kong squad where they took part in the 2017 Guangdong–Hong Kong Cup on 1 and 4 January 2017.
Honours
Tai Po
Hong Kong Senior Shield: 2012–13
Lee Man
Hong Kong Sapling Cup: 2018–19
Yuen Long
Hong Kong Senior Shield: 2017–18
References
External links
Pang Tsz Kin at HKFA
1986 births
Living people
Hong Kong people
Hong Kong footballers
Hong Kong Premier League players
Yuen Long FC players
Lee Man FC players
Association football goalkeepers
Below is an incomplete list of fictional feature films or miniseries released since 1990 which feature events of World War II in the narrative.
Restrictions
The film or miniseries must be concerned with World War II (or the Sino-Japanese War) and include events that feature as a part of the war effort.
For short films, see the List of World War II short films.
For documentaries, see the List of World War II documentary films and the List of Allied propaganda films of World War II.
Fictional feature films specifically pertaining to the Holocaust appear in the List of Holocaust films#Narrative films.
Common topics
Many aspects of this conflict have repeatedly been the subject of drama. These common subjects will not be linked when they appear in the film descriptions below:
Europe
Adolf Hitler, Nazis and Nazism
Nazi Germany and the Third Reich
Wehrmacht, Luftwaffe, Kriegsmarine, Gestapo and Waffen-SS
Benito Mussolini
Kingdom of Italy
Royal Italian Army, Regia Marina, Regia Aeronautica and Blackshirts
Death camps, Nazi concentration camps, earlier concentration camps
Partition and occupation of Poland and Polish resistance
Occupied France, Vichy France and French Resistance
Occupied Norway
The Holocaust
Asia–Pacific
Emperor Hirohito
Empire of Japan
Imperial Japanese Army and Imperial Japanese Navy
Non-geographical
POW
Before 1990
Early 1990s
Late 1990s
Early 2000s
Late 2000s
Early 2010s
Late 2010s
Early 2020s
In development
Science fiction, fantasy and horror
TV series
See also
List of World War II short films
List of World War II documentary films
List of Allied propaganda films of World War II
List of Holocaust films
List of partisan films – films about World War II in Yugoslavia
References
Note
This English language title is a literal translation from its original foreign language title.This title should always be replaced by an English language release title when that information becomes available.
External links
List of World War II Movies
World War 2 movies – reviews and trailers for popular World War II movies.
1990
Articles needing Indic script or text
Paul Viorel Anton (; born 10 May 1991) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder.
Club career
Early years
In 2008, Anton began his career with his hometown club Gloria Bistrița, being promoted from the juniors. In the same year, he was loaned to Delta Tulcea, where he played a season and scored 4 goals in 27 Liga II matches. However, after the loan to Delta Tulcea, Anton was sent to the Gloria Bistrița's reserves, where he played a season, after being loaned to FCM Târgu Mureș, and in 2010 he returned to the first team. In his first Liga I campaign with Bistrița, he appeared in 18 matches and scored one goal. The club relegated in 2011 and promoted back in first division a year after.
Pandurii Târgu Jiu
On 7 January 2013, Anton signed a deal with Pandurii Târgu Jiu. In the 2012–13 season, he played 13 matches and scored three times in the Liga I for Pandurii, including two goals against CS Turnu Severin, helping his team in the 3–1 win. Coming as runner-ups in the league, the club earned a place in the UEFA Europa League and Anton was used as a starter in all the 10 matches played in that competition.
Dinamo București
On 7 September 2015, Anton signed a contract with Dinamo București. Three days later, he made his debut in a 2–0 Cupa Ligii victory over his former team Pandurii Târgu Jiu. Anton scored his first goal for "the Red Dogs" in a league match with FC Voluntari on 30 November.
Anton agreed to a season-long loan deal with Spanish club Getafe on 28 July 2016. He made 32 appearances and scored two goals all competitions comprised as El Geta achieved promotion to the La Liga.
Anzhi Makhachkala
On 29 December 2017, Russian team Anzhi Makhachkala signed Anton on a two-and-a-half-year contract. Two weeks before the official announcement, Romanian press reported the transfer fee at €500,000.
Anton made his debut for Anzhi on 2 March 2018, starting in a 1–1 league draw to Rubin Kazan. His first goals for the club came on 17 March, when he netted both in a 2–0 win over FC Tosno.
Krylia Sovetov Samara
On 21 August 2018, Anton signed a three-year contract with PFC Krylia Sovetov Samara. He left Krylia Sovetov on 10 August 2020, following club's relegation from the Russian Premier League.
Ponferradina
On 28 August 2021, after one year back at Dinamo București, Anton signed for SD Ponferradina in the Spanish Segunda División. On 4 September of the following year, he agreed to terminate his contract with the club.
UTA Arad
On 5 September 2022, he came back to Romania signing a contract with UTA Arad
International career
Anton made his full debut for Romania on 24 March 2018, replacing Mihai Pintilii in the 72nd minute in a 2–1 friendly win against Israel.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
FCM Târgu Mureș
Liga II: 2009–10
Pandurii Târgu Jiu
Liga I runner-up: 2012–13
Cupa Ligii runner-up: 2014–15
Dinamo București
Cupa României runner-up: 2015–16
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bistrița
Romanian footballers
Association football midfielders
Liga I players
Liga II players
ACF Gloria Bistrița players
FC Delta Dobrogea Tulcea players
ASA 2013 Târgu Mureș players
CS Pandurii Târgu Jiu players
FC Dinamo București players
Segunda División players
Getafe CF footballers
Russian Premier League players
FC Anzhi Makhachkala players
PFC Krylia Sovetov Samara players
SD Ponferradina players
Romania under-21 international footballers
Romania international footballers
Romanian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Tsuen Wan South () is one of the 19 constituencies in the Tsuen Wan District.
Created for the 2019 District Council elections, the constituency returns one district councillor to the Tsuen Wan District Council, with an election every four years.
Tsuen Wan South loosely covers residential areas including Chelsea Court, City Point, Indi Home, The Blue Yard, The Dynasty and Vision City in Tsuen Wan. It has projected population of 19,623.
Councillors represented
Election results
2010s
References
Tsuen Wan
Constituencies of Hong Kong
Constituencies of Tsuen Wan District Council
2019 establishments in Hong Kong
Constituencies established in 2019
What Hetty Did is the seventh novel by J. L. Carr, published in 1988 when he was 76 years old. The novel describes the experiences of an 18-year-old girl. Hetty Birtwisle has been brought up by adoptive parents in the Fens; after a beating by her father, discovering that she was adopted, she flees to Birmingham where she has learnt she was born and alters her surname to Beauchamp.
Hetty Beauchamp comes across several characters from Carr's other novels in the boarding house in which she lives, including Emma Foxberrow, a teacher in The Harpole Report and Edward Peplow, from A Day in Summer.
Carr was offered an advance of £5,000 for the novel, including paperback rights, but as this was the same amount that he had been offered three years earlier for The Battle of Pollocks Crossing, he decided to publish it himself. The book was published in an edition of 2,850 copies and is the first novel published by The Quince Tree Press. As Carr usually offered to send his books post free, he included the price of postage in the price of the book, which had to be printed on the back. However he based postage mistakenly on the cost of sending a Penguin paperback, and What Hetty Did was printed on superior paper with card covers, so it was heavier than expected and he lost money on postage. However the book sold well at £3.95 a copy and he soon had another 3,000 copies printed, at a price of £4.95. The novel is still published by The Quince Tree Press.
The book is notable for the fact that he gave his name as James Carr on the spine and J. L. Carr on the front. Carr was christened Joseph Lloyd and adopted the name 'Jim' or even 'James' in his early 20s.
The story was adapted by Ellen Dryden for BBC Radio 4's Woman's Hour Drama in 2004.
Translations
2022 Leben und Werk der Hetty Beauchamp, Dumont Buchverlag Gmbh, (German)
References
External links
Quince Tree Press
1988 British novels
English novels
Novels by J. L. Carr
Novels set in Birmingham, West Midlands
A bandage dress is a tight-fitting "bodycon" dress that appears to be made from multiple thin strips of cloth sewn together, with the individual strips shaped like bandages. The bandage dress was created by Azzedine Alaïa and is most closely associated with the designer Hervé Léger.
Description
According to Max Azria, "[a] bandage dress isn't a woven, it's all knitted on a knitting machine and is a completely different concept...People assume it's cut-and-sew, but there's no cutting. It's knitted in a panel and then attached".
Bandage dresses are noted for accommodating a broad variety of body styles due to the stretchy fabric. The material in a bandage dress is heavy and provides some contouring; not every dress with the bodycon silhouette provides this same shaping element.
History
Azzedine Alaïa, the "King of Cling", included bandage dresses in his collections in the mid-1980s. Singer Grace Jones wore a bandage dress from the designer's spring/summer 1986 collection as she carried him onstage to accept his Best Designer of the Year award at the 1985 Oscars de la Mode.
Hervé Léger introduced his own bandage dresses in the early 1990s. A 1993 New York Times review of one of his runway shows remarked that his apparent specialty was "girdle-tight dresses" made from strips of fabric, creating what they termed the "sexy mummy look". When BCBGMAXAZRIA acquired Léger's brand in the late 1990s, the bandage dress reached a wider audience. After BCBG Max Azria released a capsule collection of the Hervé Léger dress in 2007, bandage dresses enjoyed a period of red carpet ubiquity lasting through the early 2010s.
References
20th-century fashion
2000s fashion
2010s fashion
Dresses
The International Dental Show (IDS) in Cologne is the world's leading trade fair for the dental industry.
History
The IDS are the world's most important trade fair for dental medicine and dental technology. The trade fair is organized by the GFDI (Gesellschaft zur Förderung der Dental-Industrie mbH), the commercial enterprise of the Association of German Dental Manufacturers (VDDI) and staged by Koelnmesse GmbH.
At IDS 2011, 1,954 companies from 58 countries participated and more than 100.000 trade visitors attended.
At IDS 2013, 2.058 companies from 56 countries presented their products on exhibition space covering 150.000 m². The exhibition had more than 125.000 trade visitors from 149 countries. IDS is the world's leading trade fair for the dental industry regarding number of exhibitors, internationality, booked exhibition space and number of visitors.
The 36th International Dental Show took place from 10 to 14 March 2015 and achieved a record result . On a gross exhibition area of 157.000 m², 2.201 companies from 56 countries participated. Overall, around 138.500 trade visitors from 151 countries attended IDS 2015.
The 37th International Dental Show took place from 21 to 25 March 2017. A total of 2.236 exhibitors from 58 countries and 155.132 visitors from 156 countries participated in the event.
The 38th International Dental Show is scheduled for 12–16 March 2019.
Trade fair statistic
References
External links
www.ids-cologne.de
Verband der Deutschen Dental-Industrie e.V.
Tourist attractions in Cologne
Trade fairs in Germany
Dental organizations
Recurring events established in 2007
Kyung-hwa, also spelled Kyung-wha or Kyong-hwa, is a Korean feminine given name. Its meaning differs based on the hanja used to write each syllable of the name. There are 54 hanja with the reading "kyung" and 15 hanja with the reading "hwa" on the South Korean government's official list of hanja which may be registered for use in given names.
People with this name include:
Sportspeople
Yu Kyung-hwa (born 1953), South Korean Olympic volleyball player
Sung Kyung-hwa (born 1965), South Korean team handball player and Olympic champion
Park Kyung-hwa (born 1984), South Korean swimmer
Kim Kyong-hwa (born 1986), North Korean football player
Other
Kyung-wha Chung (born 1948), South Korean violinist
Kyunghwa Lee (born 1968), South Korean-born American performing artist
Han Kyeong-hwa (born 1977), South Korean voice actress
Kang Kyung-wha, South Korean diplomat, United Nations Deputy High Commissioner for Human Rights
See also
List of Korean given names
References
Shim‘on ben Lakish (; Shim‘on bar Lakish or bar Lakisha), better known by his nickname Reish Lakish (c. 200 — c. 275), was an amora who lived in the Roman province of Judaea in the third century. He was reputedly born in Bosra, east of the Jordan River, around 200 CE, but lived most of his life in Sepphoris. Nothing is known of his ancestry except his father's name.
He is something of an anomaly among the giants of Torah study as, according to the Babylonian Talmud, he was in his early youth a bandit and a gladiator.
He was regarded as one of the most prominent amoraim of the second generation, the other being his brother-in-law and halakhic opponent, Johanan bar Nappaha.
Biography
His teachers
According to the Talmud, Reish Lakish, like Yochanan, ascribed his knowledge of the Torah to his good fortune in having been privileged to see Judah haNasi. According to Halevy, he was a pupil of Judah II, grandson of Judah haNasi, in whose name he transmits many sayings. Bacher supposes that he was a pupil of Bar Kappara, since he often hands down sayings in his name. He appears also to have attended the academy of Hoshaiah Rabbah, whom he cites, questions, and calls the "father of the Mishnah".
Banditry
Many stories are told of Shimon's great strength and of his corpulence. He was accustomed to lying on the hard ground, saying, "My fat is my cushion".
According to the Babylonian Talmud, he was supposed to have been in his early youth a bandit and a gladiator. Under the stress of unfavorable circumstances he gave up the study of the Torah and sought to support himself by a worldly calling. He sold himself to the managers of a gladiator circus, where he could make use of his great bodily strength. He worked as a gladiator, where he would fight with beasts and entertain the crowd. According to other sources, Reish Lakish lived for a time in the wilderness where he made his livelihood as a bandit. From this low estate he was brought back to his studies by Rabbi Yochanan.
The early commentators speculated that he was a Torah scholar before his life of crime.
His criminal career is strictly a Babylonian tradition, as it is not found in any of the sources of the land of Israel; according to the Jerusalem Talmud Shimon spent his entire life immersed in Torah study and his criminal past is completely absent.
Encounter with Yochanan
It is said that Reish Lakish saw Rabbi Yochanan bathing in the Jordan, and mistaking him for a woman, at one bound he was beside him in the water. "Thy strength would be more appropriate for studying the Law," said R. Yochanan; "And thy beauty for women," answered Reish Lakish. Rabbi Yochanan promised Reish Lakish his sister's hand in marriage if the latter would rejoin the yeshiva and begin his studies anew.
R. Yochanan might be called a teacher of Reish Lakish, but Reish Lakish, through his talent and diligence, soon became equal in standing to R. Yochanan. They are designated as "the two great authorities". While R. Yochanan was still in Sepphoris, teaching at the same time as Hanina bar Hama, Reish Lakish stood on an equality with him and enjoyed equal rights as a member of the yeshiva and council. When R. Yochanan went to Tiberias and founded an academy there, Shimon accompanied him and took the second position in the academy.
His accomplishments and character traits
Shimon exceeded even Yochanan in acuteness, and Yochanan admitted that his right hand was missing when Shimon was not present. "When [Shimon] discussed halakhic questions, it was as if he were uprooting mountains and rubbing them together," says Ulla. Yochanan was often compelled by Shimon's logic to surrender his own opinion and accept that of Shimon, and even to act in accordance with Shimon's views. Yet it is said in praise of Shimon that all his objections to Yochanan's conclusions were founded on the Mishnah, and that with him it was not a question of showing himself to be in the right, but of securing a clear and well-established decision, and that when he could find no support for his opinion he was not ashamed to abandon it. He had a strong love of truth and an unusually courageous way of saying what he thought. He even declared to the Patriarch Judah II that fear of the latter would never induce him to keep back God's word or any opinion derived from it; and once he ventured to convey a veiled rebuke to the patriarch for avarice. Neither did he hesitate to revoke decisions of his colleagues, including Yochanan, even when action had already been taken in accordance with those decisions. On one occasion, when Yochanan presented a halakhic demonstration before Yannai, and the latter praised him for it, Shimon boldly declared, "In spite of Rabbi Yannai's great praise, R. Yochanan's opinion is not correct". He would defend his views fearlessly before the whole faculty, and sometimes he ventured to give a decision that conflicted with the Mishnah. Nevertheless, his opinions, when they differed from those of Yochanan, were not recognized as valid, except in three cases mentioned in the Babylonian Talmud.
No one equaled Shimon ben Lakish in diligence and eagerness to learn. It was his custom regularly to repeat a section from the Mishnah forty times; he boasted that even Hiyya the Great, who was renowned for his diligence, was no more diligent than he. In order to urge his pupils to continual diligence, he often quoted a proverb which he ascribed to the Torah: "If you leave me one day, I shall leave you for two". His conscientiousness and delicately balanced sense of honor are also celebrated. He avoided association with people of whose honesty he was not fully convinced; hence the testimony of any one allowed to associate with Shimon ben Lakish was accredited even in the absence of witnesses. Shimon ben Lakish was faithful to his friends, and was ever ready to render them active assistance. This is shown by the way in which, at the risk of his own life, he rescued Rabbi Assi, who had been imprisoned and was regarded as practically dead by his colleagues. Once his vigorous interference saved Yochanan's property from injury.
Death
In his aggadot Shimon frequently makes use of similes, some of which recall the days when he won a livelihood in the circus. In general, he spoke unreservedly of that time; yet an allusion to his earlier banditry wounded him so deeply that he became ill and died.
This happened as follows: Once there was a dispute over when different kinds of knives and weapons are susceptible to ritual impurity. The opinion of Shimon ben Lakish differed from that of Yochanan, whereupon Yochanan remarked, "A robber knows his own tools". Yochanan alluded to Shimon's life as a bandit, in which a knowledge of sharp weapons was a matter of course. Reish Lakish responded by supposedly denying any benefit he had received from Yochanan; "When I was a bandit they called me 'master', and now they call me 'master.'" Yochanan retorted angrily that he had brought him under the wings of the Shekhinah. The Talmud relates that due to Yochanan becoming so upset, Reish Lakish became ill and prematurely died.
Struck with guilt, Yochanan was in despair at the death of Shimon. When the academy sent Eleazar ben Pedat to act as his study partner, Yochanan accused him of being a yes-man and pined for the times when Shimon would argue back-and-forth with him to get to the correct conclusion. It is said that he kept calling, "Where is Bar Lekisha, where is Bar Lekisha?" His despondency was so great, that he is recorded as eventually losing his sanity.
Teachings
The independence which Shimon ben Lakish manifested in the discussion of halakha was equally pronounced in his treatment of aggadah. In aggadah, too, he held a prominent position, and advanced many original and independent views which struck his contemporaries with amazement and which did not win respect until later. His aggadot include exegetical and homiletical interpretations of the Scriptures; observations concerning Biblical characters and stories; sayings concerning the Commandments, prayer, the study of the Law, God, the angels, Creation mythology, Israel, and Rome, Messianic and eschatological subjects, as well as other dicta and proverbs.
His aggadic teachings include:
"Should the sons of Israel find rest with the people among whom they are scattered, they would lose their desire to return to Israel, the land of their fathers"
"Israel is dear to God, and He takes no pleasure in any one that utters calumnies against Israel"
"The proselyte, however, is dearer to God than was Israel when it was gathered together at Sinai, because Israel would not have received the Law of God without the miracles of its revelation, whereas the proselyte, without seeing a single miracle, has consecrated himself to God and accepted the kingdom of heaven".
"The words of the Torah can be remembered only by one who sacrifices himself for the sake of studying them".
"Israel took the names of the angels from the Babylonians during the period of the Exile, because Isaiah [6:6] speaks only of 'one of the seraphim' without calling him by name; whereas Daniel names the angels Michael and Gabriel"
"The adversary (saṭan), the evil inclination, and the angel of death, are one and the same being."
"Job never actually existed; he is only the imaginary hero of the poem, the invention of the poet"
His aggadah is especially rich in maxims and proverbs, including:
"No man commits a sin unless struck by momentary insanity"
"Adorn thyself first; afterward adorn others" [i.e., lead by example]
"Greater is he that lends than he that gives alms; but he that aids by taking part in a business undertaking is greater than either."
"Do not live in the neighborhood of an ignorant man who is pious"
"Who commits the sin of adultery only with the eyes is an adulterer"
"May the judgment for a prutah be as dear to you as the judgment for a hundred [prutot]."
References
Talmud rabbis of the Land of Israel
Baalei teshuva
3rd-century rabbis
Roman gladiators
Jean Campbell may refer to:
Jean Campbell (baseball), catcher in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League
Jean Campbell (canoeist), American slalom canoeist
Jean Campbell (model), British fashion model
Jean Campbell (novelist), Australian writer
Jean Helen St. Clair Campbell, Girl Guide Chief Commissioner
See also
Jeanne S. Campbell, American fashion designer active 1940s-1970s
Lady Jeanne Campbell, British socialite, actress, and foreign correspondent
Zeoke is a village in the municipality of Lučani, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 222 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
World Cycling Day(also known as WCD) is held annually on the 17th of September internationally. Its inception as the first global cycling cultural festival was celebrated in 2017, the year coincides with the 200th anniversary of the birth of bicycles.
Background
The WCD is celebrated on Sep 17 annually, as the number “917” is the Chinese homonym of “Just Cycle”. On this day, the organizers appeal and advocate that citizens should pay close attention to cities' sustainable development; take actions to reduce traffic congestion and air pollution by cycling instead of driving; feel and love the cities through riding bicycles, and make the cities a better place.
Themes
2017 - “Cycling Changes Cities”
The theme for WCD 2017 is “Cycling Changes Cities”. During the event, besides encouraging the users to travel by bicycles and promoting green travel, Mobike works with various organizations and business partners, user communities in more than 170 cities worldwide to organize rich online and offline activities, giving out various awards and virtual medals through its APP to encourage and attract more people to travel by bicycles in order to contribute to a low carbon, green and healthy city, and a pollution free earth.
Associated Events
Many international cities such as Singapore, London, Manchester, Florence, and Sapporo have participated actively in 2017's WCD events, together with cities in China, to boost green and shared travels.
References
September events
2017 establishments
Cycling events
Democratic Party (Turkish: Demokratik Parti, DP for short) was a former political party in Turkey founded on 18 December 1970 . It should not be confused with the historical Democrat Party or the current Democrat Party in Turkey. The party advocated economic liberalism and individual rights with heavy emphasis on the rule of law. Although liberal on economic and social issues, the party, especially Ferruh Bozbeyli, strongly emphasized that one must strive to uphold their national and cultural identity.
Background
The historical Democrat Party which was the ruling party between 1950-1960 was closed by the military rule. In 1961 and 1965 elections most ex Democrat Party adherents supported Justice Party, a party founded in 1961. After 1965 elections Justice Party came to power. But following 1969 elections in which Justice Party was again successful, tension between the liberal, conservative and Islamist wings of the party became evident. The liberal wing which had the support of former Democrat Party leaders (such as Celal Bayar, third president of Turkey), broke away from the Justice Party and founded the new Democratic Party, accusing them of condoning the rise of extremist movements. The Islamists had also left the party, founding the National Order Party.
History
DP was founded on 18 December 1970. The former parliament speaker Ferruh Bozbeyli was the chairman. Saadettin Bilgiç as well as the relatives of the former Democrat Party members were among the other important MPs. The main competitors of the party were Justice Party and National Salvation Party (or its predecessor National Order Party). In the 1973 elections, the Democratic Party received 11.9% of votes and sent 45 representatives to the lower house of the parliament. (It was the third party in terms of the vote percentage and fourth party in terms of the number of representatives.) Republican People's Party (CHP) was the winner. But CHP needed coalition partners to form the government. DP refused to form the coalition with CHP. Later in 1975 DP refused to participate in another coalition government led by Justice Party (4th government of Süleyman Demirel) . However, after this last decision, the big names in the party returned to Justice Party on 9 March 1975. In the 1977 election, the Democratic Party received only 1.1% of votes. On 4 May 1980 the party dissolved itself.
See also
Democrat Party (Turkey, historical)
Democrat Party (Turkey, current)
References
Defunct political parties in Turkey
Political parties established in 1970
1980 disestablishments in Turkey
1970 establishments in Turkey
Political parties disestablished in 1980
Faron Hall (May 14, 1964 – August 17, 2014) was a Winnipeg man who had become known as the "Homeless Hero", after rescuing several people from drowning in several separate incidents.
Biography
Hall was born on the reserve near Portage la Prairie, Manitoba on May 14, 1964. He was born to Marianne Hall and John Hupa, both of which were farmworkers. He is documented to have at least two sisters and two brothers. Due to his parents' work, he had an unstable childhood and little supervision. According to his uncle Neil Hall, he was taken away by the Children's Aid and put into foster care at the age of three. When he was around eight, he was returned to the reserve.
Hall was known for his generosity and kindness. He loved sports and swimming, and was friends with everyone. When he was younger, he had a crush on a girl and when she said she wanted candy, walked to the nearest store two miles away to purchase some for her. He enjoyed making people happy and caring for others.
Hall grew up in a foster home in Waverley Heights and at eighteen, he entered a high school and employment skills program that was for inner-city youth. He graduated, working as a teacher's aide at Hugh John Macdonald School while studying education at the University of Manitoba for two years. He did other various odd jobs as well. The program was also where he met his first girlfriend, Cheryl James. James was impressed by his confidence and speaking abilities, saying "He wasn't just interested in helping himself, but he also wanted to help the rest of us in the class succeed". He would often visit his father in the Sioux Valley reserve near Brandon, Manitoba with James and her two nephews.
Hall returned to Winnipeg in 1999 or 2000 after working construction jobs in Saskatchewan. He became homeless in 2001, spending time in the Saint Boniface area and living in tents along the Red River. He occasionally drank socially, but after his mother's murder in 2004 he began to drink more heavily. Neil Hall said, "That tore him apart. He started not caring because he felt really bad he didn't reconnect with her sooner". His sister, Kristi Hall, was murdered three years later in 2007. These events are said to have contributed significantly to the worsening of his mental health and alcoholism.
On May 1 2009, Hall and his friend Wayne Spence were sitting along the riverbank when nineteen year old Joseph Mousseau fell over the Provencher Bridge guardrail and into the river. The boy was running across lanes of traffic with his friends, and attempted to pole-vault over the railing onto what he thought was a pedestrian bridge below. However, the two bridges were not connected and he fell into the water rather than onto concrete. As he fell, he hit his leg and back on a support beam, causing him to scream out. The noise alerted Hall, who immediately discarded his backpack and dove into the river to save the teenager. At an angle against the strong current in cold water, Hall swam at least fifteen meters to reach Mousseau. The boy was panicked, unable to swim due to his injuries, pushing and fighting against Hall. Hall said to Mousseau, "Don't fight me! I'm trying to save you. Otherwise we're both going to drown".
In May 2009, while intoxicated he rescued a 19-year-old who had fallen from a bridge. Sam Katz presented him with the Mayor's Medal of Valour and baseball season tickets. Shortly afterwards, he moved into a government-owned apartment block.
In September 2009, once again while intoxicated he rescued a woman from drowning in the same river.
In December 2009, he was presented with two medals by the Manitoba Life Saving Society. The International Supreme Master Television Network gave him its Hero Award.
On Christmas Eve 2009, he was attacked and beaten by several people who had seen him on the news.
In February 2010, he was again the subject of a vicious beating.
In May 2011, Hall was involved in an incident that sent him to jail for assault on a woman. The victim had offered him apples instead of money, in response to his panhandling, and Hall responded by assaulting her with the car door.
He was involved in many more incidents, often alcohol-related, from 2012 through 2014
In August 2014, his body was recovered from the Red River. He had earlier been seen in distress in the river, but rescue attempts were unsuccessful.
References
1964 births
2014 deaths
Dakota people
Homeless people
People from Winnipeg
Deaths by drowning in Canada
Maa Shakumbhari University is a state university in Saharanpur, Uttar Pradesh, India that is scheduled to open in 2022.
Construction commenced by 2021 after the university was established under The Uttar Pradesh State Universities (Amendment) Act, 2019. It was originally called Saharanpur State University until it was renamed in August 2021(established by Uttar Pradesh Act no. 6 of 2019 and renamed by Uttar Pradesh Act no. 19 of 2021).
It will establish by upgrading Government Degree College, Punwarka (established in 1999) and affiliate all government and private degree colleges in the districts of Saharanpur, Muzaffarnagar and Shamli who were affiliated with Chaudhary Charan Singh University.
References
External links
Website
Universities in Uttar Pradesh
Education in Saharanpur
Unaccredited institutions of higher learning in India
Carne Muerto (Tehcap) (1832—1860s) was a Native American War Chief of the Quahadi band of the Comanche Indians.
He rose to fame first as a son of Santa Anna, and used that status to survive capture by John "Rip" Ford and his Texas Rangers. In 1850 he escaped Army custody, then became known as a ferocious war chief late in the 1850s for his relentless raiding of white settlements.<ref name=Ford>Rip Ford's Texas</cite>. University of Texas Press. 1963.</ref>
Early life
Born in 1832 to Comanche War Chief Santa Anna and one of his wives, Carne Muerto (translated from Comanche and Spanish as "Death Meat"; the more logical name in Spanish would be "Carne Muerta", which means "Dead Meat"), as he was known in Texas, and on the Comancheria,
) grew up as part of the Penateka band of the Comanches. The Penateka, in the days of Old Owl, Buffalo Hump, Yellow Wolf, and Santa Anna, up to the Great Raid, were the most numerous of the Comanche. But they had borne the brunt of the fighting, and disease finished what war had started.<ref name=Comanche>The Comanches: Lords of the Southern Plains</cite>. University of Oklahoma Press. 1952.</ref> During the cholera epidemic of 1848-9, most of its remaining members died, and the band split up. His father dead, Carne Muerto and his mother went to live with the Quahadi band of the Comanche Indians.
Capture by John "Rip" Ford
In June 1850, reported to be 18 years of age, Carne Muerto was captured by a Texas Rangers detachment led by John "Rip" Ford. According to the Rangers, Carne Muerto told the Rangers at once he was the son of Santa Anna, still a very well known and respected Peace Chief who had once been a War Chief second only to Buffalo Hump, and that if he was well treated the Rangers would be rewarded. (Carne Muerto prudently did not tell the Rangers that his father was dead, which he had to know, as he reportedly was there.) Ford, no lover of any Comanche, but believing Santa Anna was alive, and knowing well what he had once done in the border wars, was aware of the potential for disaster if Santa Anna's son was mistreated or killed while in captivity. Reportedly treated with kindness, the young warrior was held by the Rangers, and then by the Army, for almost a year before he escaped.
When Carne Muerto, a prisoner at Fort McIntosh, was moved to Fort Merrill in January 1851, Ranger Andrew Walker was put in charge of the patrol to guard the prisoner. Though that patrol ended up fighting more Comanche, Walker was under orders to make sure Carne Muerto came to no harm. Both the Rangers and the Army felt that because Carne Muerto was the son of a famous War Chief, he could potentially be traded for white captives among the Comanche under the best scenario, and in the worst case, would at least serve to show that captives should be treated humanely. Ford emphasized to the Army that should harm come to a famous Chief's son, the Comanche would take a terrible vengeance on settlers (which is why Ford insisted that Rangers remain part of Carne Muerto's guards, even while in military custody). Reportedly his mother came to Fort Merrill to plead for his release. Shortly thereafter, he escaped and rejoined the Quahadi.
Later years
Carne Muerto became a War Chief among the Quahadi in the mid-1850s, and led repeated raids against white settlements. He was a noted leader in the resistance against white settlement of the Comancheria. He disappears from history in the early 1860s, after the Battle of Little Robe Creek.
Footnotes
References
Frontier Blood: the Saga of the Parker Family, by Jo Ann Powell Exley
Quanah Parker, Comanche Chief, by William T. Hagan
Rip Ford's Texas by John Salmon Ford
The Last Comanche Chief: The Life and Times of Quanah Parker, by Bill Neeley
The Comanches: The Destruction of a People, Theodore Reed Fehrenbach, (2003)
1832 births
1860s deaths
Native American leaders
Native American people of the Indian Wars
Comanche people
Comanche tribe
People from Texas
People from Oklahoma
Comanche campaign
This is a list of women artists who were born in Turkey or whose artworks are closely associated with that country.
A
Hale Asaf (1905–1938), painter
Tomur Atagok (born 1939), painter and professor
Ruzen Atakan (born 1966), Turkish-Cypriot painter
B
Nezihe Bilgütay (Derler) (born 1926), miniaturist, Çini professional
C
Sevgi Çağal (born 1957), painter and sculptor
Nevin Çokay (1930–2012), painter
D
Şükriye Dikmen (1918–2000), painter
Ipek Duben (born 1941), contemporary visual artist
E
Nese Erdok (born 1940), painter
G
Leyla Gediz (born 1974), contemporary artist, based in Lisbon
Hatice Güleryüz (born 1968), contemporary artist
Nilbar Gures (born 1977), contemporary artist, based in Vienna
I
Hülya Vurnal İkizgül (born 1966), mosaicist, sculptor, ceramist
K
Müfide Kadri (1890–1912), painter
Nur Koçak (born 1941), contemporary artist
Füreya Koral (1910–1997), ceramist
M
Melek Mazici (born 1956), painter based in Helsinki
Şükran Moral (born 1962), contemporary artist, poet, critic based in Rome and Istanbul
O
Ayşe Ören (born 1980), architect, designer, sculptor
Setenay Özbek (born 1961), artist
P
Hayal Pozanti (born 1983), artist
S
Gizem Saka (born 1978), painter
Sevil Soyer (born 1950), contemporary painter and installation artist
T
Hale Tenger (born 1960), contemporary artist
Canan Tolon (born 1955), artist
V
Emel Vardar, contemporary sculptor and painter
Y
Nil Yalter (born 1938), contemporary artist
-
Turkish
Artists
Artists, women
John Poole (1786–1872), an English playwright, was one of the earliest and best known 19th century playwrights of the comic drama, the farce.
Biography
Paul Pry is considered his most notable work, while Hamlet Travestie, performed as a burlesque, was the first Shakespeare parody since the Restoration.
He was buried in a common grave, plot no.18577, on the eastern side of Highgate Cemetery.
Partial works
Plays
Hamlet travestie: in three acts (1810)
Othello-travestie in three acts. (1813)
The hole in the wall: a farce, in two acts (1813)
Intrigue, or, Married yesterday: a comic interlude, in one act (1814)
Who's who?, or, The double imposture: a farce, in two acts (1815)
A short reign and a merry one: a petite comedy, in two acts (1819). First performed at the Theatre Royal, Covent Garden on 1819-11-19
The two pages of Frederick the Great: a comic piece, in two acts (1821)
Deaf as a post: a farce, in one act, two scenes (1823) First performed at Drury Lane February, 1823.
Simpson and Co. a comedy in one act (1823)
A year in an hour, or, The cock of the walk: a farce, in two acts (1824)
Scapegoat: a farce, in one act (1824)
Paul Pry: a comedy, in three acts (1825)
Tribulation, or, Unwelcome visitors: a comedy, in two acts (1825)
Twixt the Cup and Lip (1827)
Simpson & co. : a comedy, in two acts (1827)
The wife's stratagem, or, more frightened than hurt : a comedy, in three acts (1827)
The wealthy widow, or, They're both to blame: a comedy, in three acts (1827)
Lodgings for Single Gentlemen (1829)
Turning the tables: a farce, in one act (1830)
Past and present; or, The hidden treasure: a drama, in three acts (1830)
Old and young, a farce, in one act. (1831) First performed at English Opera Company, Theatre Royal, Adelphi with 31 performances during the period of 1831-07-04 through 1831-09-28
A soldier's courtship; [or love at first sight: a comedy, in one act. (1833)
Patrician & parvenu, or, Confusion worse confounded: a comedy, in five acts (1835)
Atonement, or, The god-daughter: a drama, in two acts (1836)
'Twould puzzle a conjurer, or, The two Peters (1838)
The atonement; or, The God-daughter: a drama, in two acts (1840)
Rumfuskin, King of the North Pole, or, Treason rewarded: a tragedy for the first of April (1841)
Phineas Quiddy, or, Sheer industry (1842)
Lodgings for single gentlemen a farce in one act (1850)
Scan. Mag, or, The village gossip: a popular farce, in two acts (1850)
The Dutch governor, or, 'Twould puzzle a conjuror : a modern standard drama (185-)
Intrigue, or, The Bath road ; a comic interlude, in one act (186?)
My wife! What wife? a farce, in one or two acts (1872)
Match making: a petite comedy, in one act (18--)
A pair of razors : a farce, in one act (18--)
Uncle Sam, or, A nabob for an hour: a farce, in two acts
Other
Two papers : a theatrical critique and an essay (being no. 999 of the Pretender) on sonnet-writing, and sonnet-writers in general : including a Sonnet on myself (1819)
Phineas Quiddy A new novel. (1842)
Paul Pry's Journal of a residence at Little Pedlington. (1836)
Little Pedlington and the Pedlingtonians (1839) (expanded version of 1836 Paul Pry's Journal)
Christmas festivities: tales, sketches, and characters, with Beauties of the modern drama, in four specimens (1845)
References
Stanley W. Wells. Nineteenth-century Shakespeare Burlesques: John Poole and his imitators. Diploma Press, 1977
External links
Works by John Poole at Google Books
Works by John Poole at The Online Books Page
Portraits at the National Portrait Gallery
1786 births
1872 deaths
Burials at Highgate Cemetery
English dramatists and playwrights
English male dramatists and playwrights
Thricops semicinereus is a species of fly which is widely distribution across the Palaearctic.
References
External links
D'Assis Fonseca, E.C.M, 1968 Diptera Cyclorrhapha Calyptrata: Muscidae Handbooks for the Identification of British Insects pdf
Seguy, E. (1923) Diptères Anthomyides. Paris: Éditions Faune de France Faune n° 6 393 p., 813 figs.Bibliotheque Virtuelle Numerique pdf
Muscidae
Diptera of Europe
Insects described in 1817
Articles containing video clips
was an airplane that crashed in Malaysia on 27 September 1977. It was a McDonnell Douglas DC-8, registration JA8051, on a flight from Haneda Airport in Tokyo, Japan, to Singapore International Airport in Singapore, with stopovers at Kai Tak Airport in Kowloon Bay, Hong Kong, and Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport in Subang, Malaysia. Ten crew and 69 passengers were on board. It was the second-deadliest aviation disaster to occur in Malaysia at the time.
Aircraft
The aircraft involved was a Douglas DC-8-62H (serial number 46152 and factory 550), manufactured in 1971, and delivered to Japan Air Lines on 23 August. It was registered as JA8051. The aircraft was powered by four Pratt & Whitney JT3D-3B turbofan engines.
Accident
Two hours into the flight, air traffic control at Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport told flight 715 to start its approach and land on runway 15. The flight crew started their approach, putting the landing gear down and extending the flaps. The aircraft descended below minimum descent altitude of , then at , it crashed into the side of a hill 4 miles from the airport, near an estate called Elmina Estate. The aircraft broke on impact, and a fire erupted, which was extinguished by airport rescue and firefighting.
The accident killed 34 people: eight of the 10 crew and 26 of the 69 passengers. Forty-five survivors, among the passengers and crew, were taken to a hospital. The remains from the crash could be found in the soil surrounding the estate until 2011. Most of the land now is being converted to developments.
A memorial was built in the Japanese cemetery in Malaysia.
The crash was the second-deadliest aviation disaster to occur in Malaysia until the crash of Malaysian Airline System Flight 653, two months later, with 100 fatalities.
Investigation
The Malaysian Civil Aviation Bureau investigated the accident. At the time of the crash, the weather around the airport was poor and the aircraft was on a VOR approach. The investigation determined that the cause of the accident was the captain descending below the minimum descent altitude without having the runway in sight, and continuing the descent, causing the aircraft to crash before reaching the airport. The flight crew loss of sight of the airport due to bad weather, which also contributed to the accident. In addition, the first officer did not challenge the captain for violating the regulations.
References
External links
Entry at Aviation-Safety.net
Memorial of the crash site
September 1977 events in Asia
Transport in Kuala Lumpur
History of Kuala Lumpur
1977 in Malaysia
Aviation accidents and incidents in 1977
Aviation accidents and incidents in Malaysia
715
Airliner accidents and incidents involving controlled flight into terrain
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by weather
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by pilot error
Accidents and incidents involving the Douglas DC-8
1977 in Japan
Caroline is an unincorporated census-designated place in the town of Grant in Shawano County, Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population is 270. The fire station for the town is located within the community. The community is located at the intersection of County Highways G & M between Marion and Tilleda. Caroline uses the ZIP code 54928. The Embarrass River passes through the community; it is used for ice racing.
Images
References
Census-designated places in Wisconsin
Census-designated places in Shawano County, Wisconsin
The handball competition of the 2017 Central American Games in Managua was held from December 4 to 8 at the Instituto nicaraguense de deportes, in both the men's and women's tournament, three teams qualified for the 2018 Central American and Caribbean Games.
Participating teams
Men
Women
Medal summary
Men's tournament
Round Robin
All times are local (UTC−06:00).
Final standing
Women's tournament
Qualification round
All times are local (UTC−06:00).
Knockout stage
Bracket
Semifinals
Bronze medal game
Gold medal game
Final standing
References
External links
website of the 2017 Central American Games
Championship page on PATHF Official Website
Central American Games
2017 Central American Games
Peter Røwde Holm (born 5 April 1931) is a Norwegian poet, author and translator. Holm has also worked as an observer at the United Nations' arms control and disarmament conferences. Ever since his writing debut in 1955, he has held an important position in Norwegian poetry. He has also published prose and written articles on foreign policy matters.
Bibliography
Skygger rundt en virkelighet – poetry (1955)
Din sang om noe annet – poetry (1957)
Men natten kommer senere – poetry (1959)
Innvielse ved havet – poetry (1960)
Stentid – poetry (1962)
Det plutselige landskapet – poetry (1963)
Øyeblikkets forvandlinger – poetry (1965)
Befrielser – poetry (1966)
Diabas – poetry (1968)
Synslinjer – poetry (1970)
Sanndrømt' – poetry (1971)Isglimt, glødepunkt – poetry (1972)Når all min uro stilner – poetry (1973)Reisens formler – poetry (1974)Portrettalbum – poetry (1975)Tegnene tydes – poetry (1976)I disse bilder – poetry (1977)Vinden stiger – poetry (1978)I båten om høsten – poetry (1979)Utvalgte poetry – selected poetry (1981)Den nye kalde krigen. Perspektiver på øst-vest spenningen – nonfiction (1984)Langsom musikk – poetry (1991)Sangen om Aral og andre poetry – poetry (1993)Samlede dikt' – poetry collection (1996)
Prizes
Sarpsborgprisen 1957
Mads Wiel Nygaards Endowment 1962
Norwegian Critics Prize for Literature 1966, for Befrielser
Riksmål Society Literature Prize 1977
Det Norske Akademis Pris 1996
References
1931 births
Living people
20th-century Norwegian poets
Norwegian male poets
20th-century Norwegian male writers
Eugene Edgar Page Jr. (September 13, 1939 – August 24, 1998) was an American conductor, composer, arranger and record producer, most active from the mid-1960s through the mid-1980s.
His sound can be heard in the arrangements he did for Jefferson Starship, the Righteous Brothers, the Supremes, the Four Tops, Barbra Streisand, Johnny Mathis, Donna Loren, Nancy Wilson, Martha and the Vandellas, Cher, Harriet Schock, Barry White, the Love Unlimited Orchestra, Dionne Warwick, Aretha Franklin, Whitney Houston, George Benson, the Jackson 5, Roberta Flack, Elton John ("Philadelphia Freedom"), Leo Sayer, Marvin Gaye, the Temptations, Frankie Valli, Helen Reddy and Lionel Richie among many other notable acts in popular music.
In addition, he released four solo albums and scored various motion picture soundtracks that include Brewster McCloud and Fun with Dick and Jane. In 1972, he was hired to score the Blaxplotation film Blacula.
Gene Page was the brother of musician, songwriter, and producer Billy Page.
Death
Gene Page died after a long-term illness of severe alcoholism at UCLA Medical Center in Westwood, Los Angeles on August 24, 1998 at age 58.
Discography
Studio albums
With Big Joe Turner
The Real Boss of the Blues (BluesTime, 1969)
Singles
See also
List of music arrangers
References
External links
1939 births
1998 deaths
Record producers from California
20th-century American musicians
20th-century American businesspeople
Atlantic Records artists
Arista Records artists
African-American conductors (music)
American music arrangers
American male conductors (music)
Alcohol-related deaths in California
The Love Unlimited Orchestra members
Southcott Estates Inc v Toronto Catholic District School Board, , is a landmark case of the Supreme Court of Canada in the area of commercial law, with significant impact in the areas of:
specific performance in the context of commercial land transactions (together with the related duty of mitigation), and
piercing the corporate veil for single purpose subsidiaries
Background
Southcott Estates Inc sued the Toronto Catholic District School Board for specific enforcement of a contract to sell it of land. Southcott Estates Inc was a subsidiary of Ballantry Homes Inc, a developer, and special purpose entity created just for purchasing and developing the land. The deal was conditional upon Southcott paying a 10% deposit, and the Toronto School Board getting severance permission from Toronto's Committee of Adjustment before a certain date. However, the Committee refused without reviewing a development plan for the land, which meant severance was not granted in time. Southcott sued for specific performance or damages.
At trial, Southcott stated it never had any intention to mitigate its loss and had not tried, that it had no assets other than the deposit from Ballantry Inc for the deposit, and it was never going to purchase any other land.
The courts below
At the Ontario Superior Court of Justice, Spiegel J held that:
had the Board used its best efforts, the severance would likely have been granted, and the transaction would have been completed by the closing date; therefore, the Board's breach caused Southcott's loss;
specific performance was not an appropriate remedy as the land did not have the quality of uniqueness; but
Southcott was entitled to damages, which were assessed at $1,935,500.
He rejected the Board's submission that Southcott had mitigated damages through several purchases subsequent to the breach of the agreement, declaring:
The Board appealed to the Ontario Court of Appeal, where Sharpe JA held that:
the trial judge did not err in finding that the Board's breach was the cause of the failure to obtain a severance by the closing date, but
he did err in law in finding that the Board had not shown that Southcott could have mitigated its losses,
however, Southcott failed to make out a case for either specific performance or damages.
As a result, nominal damages were awarded in the amount of $1.
Leave to appeal and cross-appeal the decision were granted by the Supreme Court of Canada in November 2011:
Southcott, while not appealing the trial judge's refusal to award specific performance, maintained its losses were not avoidable.
On cross-appeal, the Board questioned whether the Court of Appeal was correct in law in dismissing its argument relating to causation.
At the Supreme Court
In a 6-1 ruling, the appeal was dismissed with costs. As it was therefore unnecessary to consider the cross-appeal, it was dismissed without costs.
Majority opinion
Karakatsanis J began by summarizing the principles for mitigation previously adopted by the Court in Asamera Oil Corporation Ltd. v. Sea Oil & General Corporation where Lord Haldane's observation was endorsed:
The principles have since been refined in further cases at the Court, as well as at the Federal Court of Appeal.
Southcott had argued that, as a single-purpose company, it was impecunious and unable to mitigate without significant capital investment of the parent company or without the corporate mandate to do so. In addition, it would be reasonably foreseeable to those contracting with a single-purpose corporation that such an entity would have finite resources and a confined corporate mandate. This was held to be insufficient:
The claims relating to specific performance and damages were premised upon resources that were not tied up as a result of the breach alleged, which in this case did not affect Southcott's ability to obtain capital.
In the absence of actual evidence of impecuniosity, finding that losses cannot be reasonably avoided simply because it is a single-purpose corporation within a larger group of companies, would give an unfair advantage to those conducting business through single-purpose corporations.
As a separate legal entity, Southcott was required to mitigate by making diligent efforts to find a substitute property, because those who choose the benefits of incorporation must bear the corresponding burdens, including the duty to mitigate its losses.
Asamera, when read together with Semelhago v. Paramadevan, holds that it "cannot be assumed that damages for breach of contract for the purchase and sale of real estate will be an inadequate remedy in all cases," and specific performance will be available only where money cannot compensate fully for the loss, because of some “peculiar and special value” of the land to the plaintiff.
Dissent
McLachlin CJ believed that the trial judge was correct in finding in fact that the Board had not proved that Southcott had an opportunity to mitigate, which was sufficient to dispose of the appeal. She would have reversed the Court of Appeal's ruling and restored the original verdict. She saw no basis on which to conclude that Southcott acted unreasonably in maintaining its suit for specific performance instead of mitigating its loss:
It had a “fair, real, and substantial justification” for claiming specific performance of the contract.
The act of filing a claim for specific performance is inconsistent with the act of acquiring a substitute property.
Plaintiffs can never be certain that an action for specific performance will succeed, particularly as this is an equitable, discretionary remedy. Demanding that losses be mitigated unless success in obtaining specific performance is assured would deter valid claims for specific performance and hold plaintiffs to an impossible standard.
It can be fairly argued that Southcott did not act unreasonably in pursuing specific performance of the contract. Though the common law presumption of the uniqueness of real property no longer holds, a claim for specific performance may still be reasonable if a property has unique characteristics such that a substitute property is not readily available.
Whether it could have obtained financing to buy a different property is at the very least speculative.
Impact
The decision has raised significant debate on many of the issues it discussed:
Developers normally structure as single-purpose subsidiaries so that, if a market correction reduces land values, the parent company can pull the plug on the subsidiary and avoid liability for damages for not completing a purchase. If the purchaser had backed out, and the land had declined substantially in value, the seller would have been unable to recover any damages beyond the deposit. Therefore, it is arguably fair that Southcott failed to recover damages when the shoe was on the other foot.
However, the decision (although seen to be well-based in legal theory) does not reflect the commercial reality of real estate development, where lenders are normally reluctant to advance funds to a company with limited assets that is embroiled in litigation, even when backed by a large corporate group.
While Southcott appears to have significantly restricted the opportunity to pursue specific performance in relation to commercial transactions, it did not conclusively restrict specific performance to residential transactions.
Although Southcott had admitted at trial that it made no attempts to purchase a comparable property, one can argue that a complete failure to make any efforts to mitigate is tantamount to that type of admission. Either way, damages for breach of contract continue to be the only remedy that the buyer should expect.
Southcott is significant because it confirms that a claim for specific performance will not insulate a plaintiff from the duty to mitigate. It is also noteworthy because the majority as well as the dissent seem to accept by implication that impecuniosity is a defence to a failure to mitigate.
In the event of termination of a contract for the purchase of land, a purchaser should carefully consider its capacity to both mitigate and complete the initial transaction before proceeding with a claim for specific performance. Steps should be taken at an early stage in order to prove the uniqueness of the property in question. It can also be argued that such steps should be considered prior to the acquisition of the property.
Notes
References
External links
Supreme Court of Canada cases
2012 in Canadian case law
Canadian contract case law
Canadian property case law
The West Indian woodpecker (Melanerpes superciliaris) is a species of bird in the family Picidae.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in the Bahamas, the Cayman Islands and Cuba. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical mangrove forests, and heavily degraded former forests.
Breeding
The species has been observed to have a polyandrous breeding system, with one female raising two broods with different males concurrently.
Subspecies
There are four recognized endemic subspecies in Cuba:
M. s. superciliaris, Main island and Cayo Cantiles
M. s. murceus, Isla de Pinos
M. s. florentinoi, Cayo Largo
M. s. sanfelipensis, Cayo Real
There are two other subspecies in the Bahamas:
M. s. nyeanus, Grand Bahama and San Salvador I.
M. s. blakei, Great Abaco I.
Melanerpes superciliaris bahamensis, Grand Bahama West Indian woodpecker, (extinct: 1950s)
References
Raffaele, Herbert; James Wiley, Orlando Garrido, Allan Keith & Janis Raffaele (2003) Birds of the West Indies, Christopher Helm, London.
Willimont, L.A., Jackson, J.A. and Jackson, B.J.S. (1991). "Classical polyandry in the West Indian woodpecker on Abaco, Bahamas". Wilson Bull. 103: 124–125.
External links
Stamps (for the Cayman Islands, and Cuba)
Stamp photo; Article
West Indian woodpecker photo gallery VIREO; Photo-linked at natureserve.org
West Indian woodpecker videos on the Internet Bird Collection
West Indian woodpecker
Birds of Cuba
Birds of the Bahamas
Birds of the Cayman Islands
Endemic birds of the Caribbean
West Indian woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Brain Challenge is a mental exercise video game, featuring "brain exercise puzzles". The game was developed by Gameloft Beijing for mobile phones and iPods and released on September 5, 2007. In 2008 was followed by a Nintendo DS version on January 8, an Xbox Live Arcade release on March 12, and a PlayStation 3 launch on November 27. The N-Gage 2.0 version was released on the day of the service's launch, April 3, 2008. A version for WiiWare was released in autumn 2008 on all three regions. The Wii version also uses Miis for the players profile. OnLive also had launched their new streaming game platform with Brain Challenge on July 27, 2010. The game was released for Mac OS X in January 2011.
Gameplay
The game is also structured like Big Brain Academy in that puzzles are divided into four separate categories: Logic, Math, Visual, and Focus; the Xbox Live Arcade version, PlayStation 3, PSP, Wii, Nintendo DS, and PC add a fifth category, Memory. The puzzles can be played at three difficulty levels and more complex puzzles are unlocked through a player's progression through the game.
Many of the puzzles are similar to those from both Big Brain Academy and Brain Age. For example, Balance shows different objects on scales, and the player must determine from the relationships on the scales which is the heaviest object. In the Trout Route test, the player must follow a path based on the progressive numerical relationship given (i.e. +2, -3, etc.). Travelling requires the player to memorize a route of arrows, while Ascending has the player determining the order of a group of objects from least to most in amount. Bouncing Ball has the player determining as quick as possible which ball bounces highest.
Game modes
The game features two modes:
Test: The difficulty level automatically adjusts throughout the game based on performance.
Free Training (Training Room on the XBLA version): Allows the player to select exercises of their choice at three available levels (Easy, Medium, Hard).
The XBLA, PlayStation 3, and Nintendo DS versions also feature additional modes:
Creative (available on PS3 with an add-on pack): A relaxing mode in which the player can doodle drawings or shoot fireworks.
Stress: A more stressful test mode than the basic Test mode, which adds distracting noises and visuals, such as forcing the player to do two disparate actions at once, or dealing with distracting images or insects on the screen. It is also playable on the PlayStation 3.
Kid mode (available on PS3 with an add-on pack): A multiplayer mode that allows younger players to play.
Personal coach: A user-selected AI coach that accompanies the player through various modes.
Brain charts: Detailed stats and graphs tracking past gameplay.
Multiplayer
The Nintendo DS version supports up to three player multiplayer via the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection, while the Xbox Live Arcade, PlayStation Network, and OnLive versions features up to four player offline and online Xbox Live multiplayer, as well as online leaderboards. The mobile phone version also features an online leaderboard.
Reception
The mobile phone and iPod versions were very well received, including an 8.3/10 from IGN for the wireless version, which praised "[the] majority of the puzzles are good and the production values are strong". Pocket Gamer raved about the iPod version in its 8 of 10 review: "It's almost a no-brainer to recommend Brain Challenge. It's enjoyable, invigorating and there's a remarkable amount [of gameplay] in it".
IGN's review for the Nintendo DS version was less enthusiastic, but still singled out the Stress Test as an innovative twist to the brain exercise game formula, as was its review of the Xbox Live Arcade version, though it did mention that "there's quite a bit of depth to Brain Challenge... Making your way through Brain Challenge could take a very, very long time". DS Fanboy's review was more generous with an 8/10 review, and while calling it "an odd little game", it praised "lots of replay value, interesting unlockables, and loads of content make up for the title's flaws".
Team Xbox panned the Xbox Live Arcade version in its 4/10 review: "It doesn't take a whole lot of brain power to figure out that this is one title best left on the shelf". GameSpot's negative review (5.5/10) was: "...Only a handful of these stand-alone minigames resemble anything of interest".
Sequels
A sequel, Brain Challenge Vol. 2: Stress Management, was released by Gameloft for mobile phones in 2007. Another sequel, Brain Challenge 3: Think Again!, was released by Gameloft for mobile, iPod Touch, iPhone in September 2009. In 2012, Brain Challenge 4: Breaking Limits was released for mobile phones.
See also
Brain Age and Brain Age 2
Brain Boost
English Training: Have Fun Improving Your Skills!
Flash Focus: Vision Training in Minutes a Day
Minna de Kitaeru Zenno Training
Professor Kageyama's Maths Training The Hundred Cell Calculation Method
References
External links
Official website
2007 video games
DSiWare games
Brain training video games
IPod games
IOS games
MacOS games
Mobile games
N-Gage service games
Nintendo DS games
PlayStation 3 games
PlayStation Network games
PlayStation Portable games
Puzzle video games
Ubisoft games
Video games developed in China
WiiWare games
Xbox 360 Live Arcade games
Wii games
Zeebo games
Gameloft games
Vivendi franchises
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Casual games
Video games scored by Jake Kaufman
Elena Yurievna Nefedova (; born July 2, 1974 in Moscow, RSFSR, Soviet Union) is an honored Master of Sports coach of Russia in Rhythmic gymnastics.
Coaching career
Since 2003, she works as a coach of the Russian national team, and is a licensed official judge of the international category of FIG in rhythmic gymnastics. Nefedova is also member of the Technical Committee in RG and expert in body difficulties, elected by the European Union of Gymnastics Executive Committee.
She has coached multiple World medalist gymnasts.
Notable students
Olga Kapranova - 2005 World all-around champion, 2007 World all-around bronze medalist, 2008 European all-around bronze medalist.
Son Yeon-Jae - 2015 Summer Universiade all-around champion, first South Korean to medal at the World Championships.
Sumire Kita - 2017 Asian Championships bronze medalist, Japanese rhythmic gymnast.
Sakura Hayakawa - 2015 Asian Championships all-around bronze medalist, Japanese rhythmic gymnast.
Shin Soo-ji - 2009 Asian Championships all-around bronze medalist, South Korean rhythmic gymnast.
References
External links
Elena Nefedova
Rhythmic Gymnastics Results
1974 births
Living people
Russian gymnastics coaches
Russian rhythmic gymnasts
Gymnasts from Moscow
Honoured Coaches of Russia
The cinnamon-rumped trogon (Harpactes orrhophaeus) is a species of bird in the family Trogonidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
Description
The male has a black hood, blue bill, an eyebrow and an eye ring. The upper part is pale brown and the lower part is pink-red. The tail is brown above and it has a white under tail with black borders.
Females have a dark brown head with chestnut around the eye and lores. The lower part is yellowish.
Feeding habits
This bird feeds primarily on insects 2–3 meters above ground.
Habitat
The habitat of this species is humid evergreen forests in Peninsular Thailand and Malaysia. It is restricted to closed canopy lowland forests (up to 180 m).
Reproduction
This species builds its nest in cavity about 1.5 meters above ground and the clutch size is 2 eggs.
Migration
This species is sedentary, it does not migrate.
References
External links
Image at ADW
video of the cinnamon trogon
cinnamon-rumped trogon
Birds of Malaysia
Birds of Malesia
cinnamon-rumped trogon
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Trioceros nyirit, the Mount Mtelo stump-nosed chameleon or Pokot chameleon, is a species of chameleon endemic to Kenya.
References
Trioceros
Reptiles described in 2011
Reptiles of Kenya
The women's 3000 metres event at the 2001 IAAF World Indoor Championships was held on March 9–10.
Medalists
Results
Heats
First 5 of each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Final
References
Results
3000
3000 metres at the World Athletics Indoor Championships
2001 in women's athletics
Loida Esther Michel de Jesús (born 12 August 1993) is a Dominican footballer who plays as a midfielder. She has been a member of the Dominican Republic women's national team.
Early life
Michel hails from San Pedro de Macorís.
International career
Michel represented the Dominican Republic at the 2010 CONCACAF Women's U-17 Championship qualifying stage and the 2012 CONCACAF Women's U-20 Championship qualifying. At senior level, she capped during the 2012 CONCACAF Women's Olympic Qualifying Tournament (and its qualifying) and the 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games.
References
1993 births
Living people
Women's association football midfielders
Dominican Republic women's footballers
Sportspeople from San Pedro de Macorís
Dominican Republic women's international footballers
Competitors at the 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games
Monaco first participated at the Olympic Games in 1920, and has sent athletes to compete in most Summer Olympic Games since then, missing only the 1932 Games, the 1956 Games, and the boycotted 1980 Games. Monaco has also participated in every Winter Olympic Games since 1984.
As of 2022, no athlete from Monaco has ever won an Olympic medal, meaning the principality has the most appearances at the Olympics (32, including 21 summer and 11 winter) without ever making it to the podium (Julien Médecin did win a bronze medal for architecture at the 1924 Olympics, but the IOC no longer considers art competition medals as part of the official tally). Their best-ever finish has been sixth place in two-man bobsleigh at the 2022 Winter Olympics.
The National Olympic Committee for Monaco was created in 1907, but not recognized by the International Olympic Committee until 1953.
Medal tables
Medals by Summer Games
Medals by Winter Games
See also
List of flag bearers for Monaco at the Olympics
:Category:Olympic competitors for Monaco
References
External links
Olympics
Recovery Day is an annual event, first held on September 30, 2012, which demonstrates and celebrates the ability of those with drug, alcohol and behavioral addictions to achieve long-term sobriety and live productive and healthy lives. The event was held in 12 major Canadian cities in 2013, 25 cities in 2014, and 30 cities in 2015. Recovery Day is organized in part by Faces and Voices of Recovery. Recovery Day is an important holiday for Canadians.
Origins
AnnMarie McCullough and Lorinda Strang of the Orchard Recovery Center on Bowen Island developed the concept of Recovery Day based on similar recovery advocacy movements in the United States. In the US, September is officially recognized by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (a division of the United States Department of Health and Human Services) as "Recovery Month." In order to build a strong team to lead their initiative, Lorinda and AnnMarie joined with David Berner and Chuck Doucette of the Drug Prevention Network of Canada as well as Giuseppe Ganci of the Last Door and they began planning a Canadian equivalent based on the same principle of celebrating recovery from addictions.
September 30, 2012 was declared Recovery Day through an official proclamation from Vancouver Mayor Gregor Robertson.
The idea of Recovery Day spread to other major Canadian cities such as Victoria where a similar event was also held in Centennial Square. Ottawa's mayor signed a similar proclamation.
The following year, 12 cities hosted events. In 2014, 20 cities held Recovery Day events. Close to 30 cities held events in 2015.
Event
More than 600 people gathered in front of the Vancouver Art Gallery on September 30, 2012. The event included speakers sharing stories of their experience and gratitude, musical performances, speeches by local politicians (including MP John Weston, Parks Board Commissioner Constance Barnes, City Councilor Geoff Meggs, and MLA Randy Hawes) and a march through the streets of Downtown Vancouver. The event closed with over 400 people joining hands in a circle to recite the Serenity Prayer.
Upcoming
Recovery Day is scheduled to be held in dozens of Canadian cities in September 2017.
Observances in the United States
On August 31, 2017, President Donald Trump proclaimed September as National Alcohol and Drug Addiction Recovery Month.
References
External links
Recovery Day Canada – Recovery Day
September observances
Observances in Canada
Drug rehabilitation
Fall events in Canada
"Boots and Saddles" is a bugle call sounded for mounted troops to mount and take their place in line. In the British Army it is used as a parade call. Its name drives from the French phrase boute-selle, "put on saddle".
The call has been used by the United States Army during the American Civil War as well as World War II. While the call was originally meant to apply exclusively to cavalry, it was used later as an inspiring call for other military units as well.
The tune was recorded in 1919 for the Victor Talking Machine Company's "Bugle Calls of the U.S. Army: Part 1".
In literature
"Boots and Saddles" is blown several times in Mark Twain's 1907 novel A Horse's Tale.
Elizabeth Bacon Custer's 1885 biography of her husband, General George Armstrong Custer, was titled Boots and Saddles: Or, Life in Dakota with General Custer.
References
External links
Wave files of this and other bugle (and whistle) calls
Bugle calls
The 1902 Clitheroe by-election was held on 1 August 1902 after the incumbent Liberal MP Sir Ughtred Kay-Shuttleworth was elevated to the House of Lords. The Labour Representation Committee candidate David Shackleton won the by-election unopposed.
Background
The incumbent Liberal MP Sir Ughtred Kay-Shuttleworth was among the new peers in the 1902 Coronation Honours announced on 26 June. He was elevated to the House of Lords as Baron Shuttleworth the following month, and thus had to resign his seat in the House of Commons.
Candidates
The barrister Augustine Birrell was mentioned as a possible candidate for the Liberal Party, but withdrew his candidature early; as he found the constituency too far away from London to be able to give it adequate time to contest the seat. Philip Stanhope, a former Liberal MP for Wednesbury and for Burnley was adopted as a candidate in early July, and considered running, but stated in an interview that he wanted an alliance between the Liberals and Labour.
The Conservatives considered several candidates, including Colonel John William Robinson Parker, of Browsholme Hall, who had just returned from the Second Boer War in South Africa.
David Shackleton was the General Secretary of the Textile Factory Workers Association. Although the textile workers had not yet joined the Labour Representation Committee, Shackleton was appointed as their candidate for the by-election. Philip Snowden, who had been considered by the Independent Labour Party, withdrew from the race. The Liberals and Conservatives also withdrew, sensing Shackleton's strong lead.
Results
Shackleton was the only nominated candidate, and was elected unopposed at a meeting at Clitheroe Town Hall on 1 August. He became the third MP for the Labour Representation Committee (which would later become the Labour Party) and the first to win at a by-election. The textile workers' unions affiliated to the Labour Representative Committee shortly afterwards. Shackleton served as Chairman of the Parliamentary Labour Party for a period.
References
By-elections to the Parliament of the United Kingdom in Lancashire constituencies
1902 elections in the United Kingdom
Unopposed by-elections to the Parliament of the United Kingdom in English constituencies
1902 in England
August 1902 events
1900s in Lancashire
Ajnaathavasam is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film, directed by A. B. Raj and produced by K. P. Kottarakkara. The film stars Prem Nazir, Vijayasree, Adoor Bhasi and Jose Prakash in the lead roles. The film had musical score by M. K. Arjunan.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Ravindran
Vijayasree as Kunjulakshmi
Adoor Bhasi as Minnal
Jose Prakash as Jayaraj
Prema as Rajamma
Sankaradi as Kochuraman
Paul Vengola as Geetha's Father
C. R. Lakshmi as Ravi's mother
Manjeri Chandran as Manager
Kaduvakulam Antony as Director London
Khadeeja as Mrs. Rajeswari Simon
Kunchan as Hippy Ram Ram
N. Govindankutty as R. K. Chittoor
Paravoor Bharathan as Hotel Boy
Rani Chandra as Kamala
Sadhana as Bindu
Santo Krishnan as Jayaraj's henchman
Sankar as Madhavan
Sujatha as Geetha
V. M. K. Nair as Jayaraj's henchman
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. K. Arjunan and the lyrics were written by Sreekumaran Thampi.
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Aana Valarthiya Vanampadiyude Makan is a 1971 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed and produced by P. Subramaniam. The film stars Gemini Ganesan, Rajasree, C. L. Anandan, K. V. Shanthi and Vijayanirmala. It is a sequel to the Subramaniam's 1959 film Aana Valarthiya Vanampadi. The film had musical score by K. V. Mahadevan. The film is said to be the first sequel for a Malayalam film. It was dubbed in Tamil as Yaanai Valartha Vaanampadi Magan.
Cast
Gemini Ganesan
C. L. Anandan
Rajasree
K. V. Shanthi
Vijayanirmala
Vijayasree
Sridevi
Manorama
S. D. Subbalakshmi
T. K. Balachandran
Soundtrack
The music was composed by K. V. Mahadevan and the lyrics were written by O. N. V. Kurup.
References
External links
1970s Malayalam-language films
1971 films
Films about elephants
Films directed by P. Subramaniam
Films scored by K. V. Mahadevan
Aana2
Yarroweyah is a former railway station in Yarroweyah, Victoria, Australia.
Yarroweyah became a no-on-in-charge station in March 1976.
References
Railway stations in Australia opened in 1888
Railway stations closed in 1993
Disused railway stations in Victoria (Australia)
Phil Woods and his European Rhythm Machine at the Frankfurt Jazz Festival is a 1970 album by Phil Woods, produced by Horst Lippmann.
Reception
Scott Yanow reviewed the album for Allmusic and wrote that "Woods' longtime bebop fans may not be that excited by these pretty free improvisations (although the musicians were clearly listening closely to each other), but the altoist's tone remained quite recognizable. Challenging and stimulating music".
Track listing
"Freedom Jazz Dance" (Eddie Harris) – 13:30
"Ode A Jean Louis" (Phil Woods) – 13:30
"Josua" (Victor Feldman) – 13:00
"The Meeting" (Gordon Beck) – 11:00
Personnel
Phil Woods – alto saxophone
Gordon Beck – piano
Henri Texier – double bass
Daniel Humair – drums
Haig Adishian – album design
Herbie Mann – executive producer
Giuseppe G. Pino – black and white photography
Marc Riboud – colour photography
Horst Lippmann – producer
References
1969 live albums
Albums produced by Horst Lippmann
Phil Woods live albums
Embryo Records live albums
Instrumental albums
Indianapolis Early Music (IEM) is a non-profit organization established in Indianapolis in 1966 to organize concerts featuring music of the medieval, renaissance, baroque, and early classic eras. Since 1966, it has produced the annual Indianapolis Early Music Festival, the oldest continuous Early Music festival in the United States.
Its annual summer festival spans three weekends and features American and international performers who perform on instruments of the period. Beyond the festival, IEM also presents other Early Music concerts throughout the year while also fostering educational programs in Indianapolis schools.
History
Indianapolis Early Music, originally known by its corporate name of the Festival Music Society, was founded in 1966 to provide music during the summer months when the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra, now one of the few full-year U.S. orchestras, was on vacation. The IEM initially concentrated on the major works of the baroque era, such as Bach, Handel and Vivaldi. The range of music presented was soon expanded to include that of the Renaissance and Medieval periods.
Music played at IEM concerts is that of works generally composed between 900 AD and 1800 AD. Performances have included vocal music, both choral and solo; instrumental music, both ensemble and solo; and dance, court, folk and ballet. Among the more noteworthy early concerts was the 1977 performance of the cycle of seven Bach Partitas by harpsichordist Igor Kipnis in Indianapolis just before making his Grammy-nominated recordings of them for Angel Records.
Outreach
IEM has a long association with public radio. Selections of IEM concerts throughout the United States and Canada are broadcast on the program Performance Today. Selections are regularly featured on the WFIU's nationally distributed Early Music program, Harmonia. In addition, IEM has conducted workshops in Early Music and dance, presented a symposium and exposition of historical musical instruments, and sponsored the Collegiate Virtuoso competition. In 2016, it co-presented the International Baroque Competition of Indianapolis with the Indianapolis Baroque Orchestra. Prizes include a $10,000 first prize presented by the Gerber family.
Artistic and music directors
The position of IEM music director was held by Frank Cooper for 35 years. A former member of the faculty of Butler University, Cooper is currently Research Professor of Music in the Department of Musicology at the University of Miami in Coral Gables, Florida and Associate Curator of Fine Arts at the Vizcaya Museum in Miami, Florida.
In 2008, IEM appointed Mark Cudek as its Artistic Director following Cooper's retirement. The 2001 recipient of Early Music America's Thomas Binkley Award for outstanding contributions to Early Music education, Cudek is the Director of the Peabody Conservatory's Early Music department at Johns Hopkins in Baltimore. Cudek is a performer specializing in guitar, recorder, crumhorn, bass viol, and percussion. Among the groups he has toured with are Hesperus, Apollo's Fire, Catacoustic Consort, and the Baltimore Consort. Cudek is actively involved in the Peabody Renaissance Ensemble and was creator and Director of the High School Early Music Program at the Interlochen Arts Camp in Michigan. He is the creator of a Masters program at Peabody; instituted a new Baroque Orchestra, and has developed an Early Music program at the Walters Art Museum in Baltimore. Mark Cudek earned a B.F.A. from the University of New York and M.Music from the Peabody Institute.
References
External links
Indianapolis Early Music website
Culture of Indianapolis
Early music festivals
Music festivals established in 1966
Classical music festivals in the United States
Semperian is an investment fund based in Jersey. It holds investments in 92 Private finance initiative projects.
It was formerly part of Telereal Trillium. In 2010 it had £1.4bn of assets under management, and reported that its investors expect to make a 10% return a year.
It reported profits of £272 million in 2014/5.
In November 2015 it acquired MAMG Asset Management Group.
References
Companies of Jersey
Aamar Aami is 2014 Bengali film written and directed by debutant director Orko Sinha and produced by Reel and Real Motion Pictures. Dibya Chatterjee made his debut as the executive producer of the film. The film revolves around a story of multiple wishes of our lives in the turbulent times of fast-changing city. It features Indrasish Roy, Rahul Banerjee, Biswanath Basu, Arunima Ghosh and others. The film was released on 5 September 2014
Plot
Subroto (Biswanath Basu) comes from a middle-class background, a poet by heart but he is stuck with a LIC agent job to meet the basic needs and requirements of his family consisting of wife Sumita (Arunima Ghosh) and son Tutul (Ayush Das). He is philosophical yet practical, as he is aware of the fact that in today's world one cannot sustain himself or his family by writing poetry. Sumita is a housewife who once aspired to be an actress, but is now content looking after her husband Subroto and son Tutul. Anirban (Rahul Banerjee) is a successful commercial filmmaker who makes remakes of south-Indian films but desires to make a film out of his own story and script someday. When Sumita meets her old flame Anirban, their relationship is rekindled and Anirban helps Sumita to realise her suppressed dream of becoming an actress. Soumya (Indrasish Roy) is an aspiring young photographer, but his engineering background and lack of experience prevents him from securing the job of a still photographer in the industry. Soumya lives with his college mate Hindol (Hindol Bhattacharjee) and has a steady girlfriend Chandrima (Jhilik Bhattacharjee). Soumya finally gets a job but he had to make certain compromises to get it. The story follows a series of incidents that affects the lives of Subroto, Sumita, Anirban, Soumya and Chandrima with arising inner conflicts and dilemmas and finally discovering of true desires and inner selves.
Cast
Indrasish Roy as Soumya
Rahul Banerjee as Anirban
Biswanath Basu as Subroto
Arunima Ghosh as Sumita
Upal Sengupta as Magic man
Jhilik Bhattacharya as Chandrima
Hindol Bhattacharjee as Hindol
Bhaskar Banerjee as Chandrima's father
Kamalika Banerjee as Chandrima's mother
Phalguni Chatterjee as Subroto's boss
Ayush Das as Tutul
Debleena Sen as Nikita
Sanjay Biswas
Rajdeep Gupta as guest appearance in a song (Majhraate Pai Busy)
Soundtrack
The music was composed by director duo Kabir and Shiba and lyrics by Orko Sinha. The music was released on 12 August 2014.
References
Bengali-language Indian films
2010s Bengali-language films
2014 films
Prácheňsko (; ) is a historical and cultural region in the Czech Republic, covering roughly the Otava River basin, mostly in the northwest part of South Bohemia. It was an administrative region (kraj) in southwestern Bohemia, created in the late 13th century and abolished by the Austrian Empire's regional reform of 1848.
Description
Its boundaries extended through the Bohemian Forest in the south, towards Budweis (České Budějovice) to the north, close to the town of Příbram, and southwest to Markt Eisenstein (Železná Ruda). Ethnic groups of the region included Czechs, Germans, Jews and Romani, and by religion were Roman Catholics, Protestants (Utraquists) and Jews. Today this region is divided among three districts, namely South Bohemia (vast majority), Plzeň Region and Central Bohemia. Its capital city was Písek (a great medieval city until its devastation in 1620 during the Thirty Years' War), now a major town of approximately 30,000 inhabitants.
The first region′s centre, Prácheň gord (which gave its name to the whole region), is now overtaken by forest. Its remains lie close to the town of Horažďovice. The local dialect of the western part is still extant as is the use of the bagpipe in the music of the region. The main geographical feature of the Prachens region is the river Otava (or in the local dialect Wotāva). Principal towns of the former Prachens were Písek (or Pisek in German), Strakonice (Strakonitz), Sušice (Schüttenhofen or Setuakaton in its Celtic form), Rožmitál (Rosenthal), Vimperk (Winterberg), Horní Planá (Ober Plan), Železná Ruda (Markt Eisenstein), Kasejovice (Casseudz, Kasejowitz), Protivín (Protiwin) and Horažďovice (Horaschdowitz).
Demographics
The current population of the region is approximately 200,000 to 250,000 inhabitants. The area suffered serious population losses because of the Expulsion of Germans after World War II (about 25% of the population, mostly in the southern part) and because of the Holocaust (השואה or חורבן). Today the Jewish population is negligible and there is no active synagogue.
A unique dialect of the Czech language with a large number of German loan words is spoken in the western part of the region.
References
Bohemia
Historical regions in the Czech Republic
Aniuar Borisovich Geduev (, ; born 26 January 1987) is a Russian freestyle wrestler.
Career
Geduev competed in the 74 kg division at the 2013 European Wrestling Championships and the 2014 European Wrestling Championships, winning gold medals in both competitions. Thus he is a two-time European champion. In the gold-medal match at the 2015 European Games he defeated Soner Demirtaş of Turkey by technical fall (10–0). Geduev has incredible physical strength, his bench press is 175 kg, and deadlift more than 280 kilograms.
Circassian wrestler
For the first time in his career, he won a bronze medal at the World Wrestling Championships in 2015. In the rematch of the 2016 Russian Nationals, he beat the three-time world champion Denis Tsargush and won the Olympic Team Trials. He competed at the 2016 Olympics. After his win over Bekzod Abdurakhmonov of Uzbekistan he beat Jordan Burroughs of the United States in the quarterfinals, then he beat Jabrayil Hasanov of Azerbaijan and at the end he lost his final match to the Iranian wrestler Hassan Yazdani and got the silver medal.
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Circassians
Circassian people of Russia
European Games gold medalists for Russia
European Games medalists in wrestling
Russian male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Kabardino-Balkaria
World Wrestling Championships medalists
Wrestlers at the 2015 European Games
Wrestlers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in wrestling
Olympic wrestlers of Russia
Olympic silver medalists for Russia
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
European Wrestling Championships medalists
Margareta von Ascheberg (9 July 1671 – 26 October 1753) was a Swedish landowner, noble and acting regiment colonel during the Great Northern War.
Early life and marriage
Margareta von Ascheberg was the youngest child of Field Marshal Rutger von Ascheberg and Magdalena Eleonora Busseck.
On 26 January 1691, she married colonel count Kjell Christopher Barnekow (d. 1700) in Malmö. As was the custom of the Swedish nobility as that time, she kept her name after marriage and style herself »Grevinnan Ascheberg» (Countess Ascheberg). The couple had four children. She accompanied her spouse on his military commissions: she gave birth to their youngest sons during the Bombardment of Brussels in 1695.
At the outbreak of the Great Northern War, Kjell Christopher Barnekow was called to Sweden and appointed colonel of the Scanian dragoons, which he undertook to equip himself. However, he died very suddenly and unexpectedly of a fever 19 December 1700 before he had the time to fulfill his task.
Madame Colonel
As a widow, Margareta von Ascheberg was left with the responsibility of her four minor children and the management of their estates as well as the other responsibilities of her late spouse. This included the task of the command and equipment of his Scanian regiment. She was not freed from this responsibility, and the acting colonel Kr. A. v. Buchwaldt was appointed to see that she fulfilled her task. In the spring of 1702, she had performed the task of a colonel by having organized and equipped the regiment and appointed its officers ready for inspection by the royal command and ready to serve in the war. She also sat at the inspection office of the regiment when it was sent to war from Kristianstad.
During the war, she took care of the continued equipment and affairs of the regiment, and exchanged letters with Charles XII of Sweden about its appointments and promotions. She was called "Coloneless" or Madame Colonel. She was admired for "The energy and care, with which she performed her unusual task, a circumstance, which in other cases would seem impossible for a woman".
Estate management
Margareta von Ascheberg was also given the responsibility of the estates of her spouse, including Vittskövle, Rosendal and Örtofta in Scania, Gammel-Kjöge on Själland, Ralsvik and Streu on Rügen, and she also added the estate of Ugerup in Scania to it. She herself inherited and acquired the additional estates of Eliinge, Sövdeborg and Tosterup.
She was a very successful business person and landowner and recommended for her efficiency. She founded schools, hospitals and gave anonymous donations to the poor in the parishes of her estates, and in contrast to other contemporary landowners, such as the hated Christina Piper, she managed to make herself popular among her employees. She was called "A true mother of the household" and was admired for her "unusual accomplishment, which should not be interpreted dishonestly, as the whole of Scania can testify for it to be truthful". In the parish of Vittskövle, where she preferred to reside, "The Ascheberg woman" became a respected figure of folklore.
See also
Maria Sofia De la Gardie
References
Anteckningar om svenska qvinnor /
Margaretha Ascheberg, von, urn:sbl:18867, Svenskt biografiskt lexikon (art av Gunnar Carlquist.), hämtad 2014-12-28.
Further reading
1671 births
1753 deaths
Women in 18th-century warfare
Swedish people of German descent
Swedish people of the Great Northern War
17th-century Swedish landowners
Swedish countesses
Women in war in Sweden
18th-century Swedish military personnel
18th-century women landowners
18th-century Swedish landowners
Keim Peak () is a noteworthy pointed rock peak, high, on the southern spur of Pomerantz Tableland, in the Usarp Mountains of Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photographs, 1960–62, anad was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Mike B. Keim, U.S. Navy, an aerial photographer on flights by Squadron VX-6 in Victoria Land in 1962–63, returning to Antarctica in 1963–64.
References
Mountains of Oates Land
In propositional calculus and proof complexity a propositional proof system (pps), also called a Cook–Reckhow propositional proof system, is a system for proving classical propositional tautologies.
Mathematical definition
Formally a pps is a polynomial-time function P whose range is the set of all propositional tautologies (denoted TAUT). If A is a formula, then any x such that P(x) = A is called a P-proof of A. The condition defining pps can be broken up as follows:
Completeness: every propositional tautology has a P-proof,
Soundness: if a propositional formula has a P-proof then it is a tautology,
Efficiency: P runs in polynomial time.
In general, a proof system for a language L is a polynomial-time function whose range is L. Thus, a propositional proof system is a proof system for TAUT.
Sometimes the following alternative definition is considered: a pps is given as a proof-verification algorithm P(A,x) with two inputs. If P accepts the pair (A,x) we say that x is a P-proof of A. P is required to run in polynomial time, and moreover, it must hold that A has a P-proof if and only if it is a tautology.
If P1 is a pps according to the first definition, then P2 defined by P2(A,x) if and only if P1(x) = A is a pps according to the second definition. Conversely, if P2 is a pps according to the second definition, then P1 defined by
(P1 takes pairs as input) is a pps according to the first definition, where is a fixed tautology.
Algorithmic interpretation
One can view the second definition as a non-deterministic algorithm for solving membership in TAUT. This means that proving a superpolynomial proof size lower-bound for pps would rule out existence of a certain class of polynomial-time algorithms based on that pps.
As an example, exponential proof size lower-bounds in resolution for the pigeonhole principle imply that any algorithm based on resolution cannot decide TAUT or SAT efficiently and will fail on pigeonhole principle tautologies. This is significant because the class of algorithms based on resolution includes most current propositional proof search algorithms and modern industrial SAT solvers.
History
Historically, Frege's propositional calculus was the first propositional proof system. The general definition of a propositional proof system is due to Stephen Cook and Robert A. Reckhow (1979).
Relation with computational complexity theory
Propositional proof system can be compared using the notion of p-simulation. A propositional proof system P p-simulates Q (written as P ≤pQ) when there is a polynomial-time function F such that P(F(x)) = Q(x) for every x. That is, given a Q-proof x, we can find in polynomial time a P-proof of the same tautology. If P ≤pQ and Q ≤pP, the proof systems P and Q are p-equivalent. There is also a weaker notion of simulation: a pps P simulates or weakly p-simulates a pps Q if there is a polynomial p such that for every Q-proof x of a tautology A, there is a P-proof y of A such that the length of y, |y| is at most p(|x|). (Some authors use the words p-simulation and simulation interchangeably for either of these two concepts, usually the latter.)
A propositional proof system is called p-optimal if it p-simulates all other propositional proof systems, and it is optimal if it simulates all other pps. A propositional proof system P is polynomially bounded (also called super) if every tautology has a short (i.e., polynomial-size) P-proof.
If P is polynomially bounded and Q simulates P, then Q is also polynomially bounded.
The set of propositional tautologies, TAUT, is a coNP-complete set. A propositional proof system is a certificate-verifier for membership in TAUT. Existence of a polynomially bounded propositional proof system means that there is a verifier with polynomial-size certificates, i.e., TAUT is in NP. In fact these two statements are equivalent, i.e., there is a polynomially bounded propositional proof system if and only if the complexity classes NP and coNP are equal.
Some equivalence classes of proof systems under simulation or p-simulation are closely related to theories of bounded arithmetic; they are essentially "non-uniform" versions of the bounded arithmetic, in the same way that circuit classes are non-uniform versions of resource-based complexity classes. "Extended Frege" systems (allowing the introduction of new variables by definition) correspond in this way to polynomially-bounded systems, for example. Where the bounded arithmetic in turn corresponds to a circuit-based complexity class, there are often similarities between the theory of proof systems and the theory of the circuit families, such as matching lower bound results and separations. For example, just as counting cannot be done by an circuit family of subexponential size, many tautologies relating to the pigeonhole principle cannot have subexponential proofs in a proof system based on bounded-depth formulas (and in particular, not by resolution-based systems, since they rely solely on depth 1 formulas).
Examples of propositional proof systems
Some examples of propositional proof systems studied are:
Propositional Resolution and various restrictions and extensions of it like DPLL algorithm
Natural deduction
Sequent calculus
Frege system
Extended Frege system
Polynomial calculus
Nullstellensatz system
Cutting-plane method
References
Further reading
Samuel Buss (1998), "An introduction to proof theory", in: Handbook of Proof Theory (ed. S.R.Buss), Elsevier (1998).
P. Pudlák (1998), "The lengths of proofs", in: Handbook of Proof Theory (ed. S.R.Buss), Elsevier, (1998).
P. Beame and T. Pitassi (1998). Propositional proof complexity: past, present and future. Technical Report TR98-067, Electronic Colloquium on Computational Complexity.
Nathan Segerlind (2007) "The Complexity of Propositional Proofs", Bulletin of Symbolic Logic 13(4): 417–481
J. Krajíček (1995), Bounded Arithmetic, Propositional Logic, and Complexity Theory, Cambridge University Press.
J. Krajíček, Proof complexity, in: Proc. 4th European Congress of Mathematics (ed. A. Laptev), EMS, Zurich, pp. 221–231, (2005).
J. Krajíček, Propositional proof complexity I. and Proof complexity and arithmetic.
Stephen Cook and Phuong Nguyen, Logical Foundations of Proof Complexity, Cambridge University Press, 2010 (draft from 2008)
Robert Reckhow, On the Lengths of Proofs in the Propositional Calculus, PhD Thesis, 1975.
External links
Proof Complexity
Computational complexity theory
Logic in computer science
Automated theorem proving
Propositional calculus
Systems of formal logic
Trier-Föhren Airfield () serves Trier, a city in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is located in Föhren, northeast of Trier and approximately southwest of Berlin. The airfield supports general aviation, with no commercial airline service available. Charter services and a full selection of amenities are available.
The current field is a recent facility, opened in 1977, built about 18 km from the site of the historic Trier Airfield built in the early 20th century.
History
Trier-Föhren Airfield was built from scratch to replace the old Trier Airfield in the 1970s. It is next to the village of Föhren. A French army garrison formerly at Trier Airfield also moved to Föhren until it was disbanded in the 1990s. Since then, the "Industriepark Region Trier" was developed on its former site.
Facilities
The airfield resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 05/23 with a concrete surface measuring .
See also
Transport in Germany
List of airports in Germany
References
External links
Official website
Airports in Rhineland-Palatinate
Trier
Walter Palmer may refer to:
Walter Palmer (basketball) (born 1968), American former basketball player
Walter Palmer (Puritan) (1585–1661), early Separatist Puritan settler in the Massachusetts Bay Colony
Walter Launt Palmer, American Impressionist painter
Walter D. Palmer, American politician from New York
Sir Walter Palmer, 1st Baronet (1858–1910), British biscuit manufacturer and Conservative politician
Walter Palmer (born 1960), American big-game hunter and dentist notable for the killing of Cecil the lion
Ann "Annie" Castledine (26 February 1939 – 4 June 2016), was a British theatre director, teacher and dramaturg.
Described in The Guardian as "one of the arts world's best-known secrets" who "shaped some of the most influential players in British theatre" and had a "genius for doing work that is unfashionable". Peter Brook described her as an "outstanding director of European classical and contemporary plays".
She was regarded as an expert on the dramas of Bertolt Brecht, William Shakespeare, Anton Chekhov and Henrik Ibsen, as well as being noted for her championing of new talent in British theatre and the arts, including work with new playwrights and the training of new directors. In supporting the development of British theatre, she was often likened to Joan Littlewood – the "mother of modern (English) theatre".
Early life
Born in 1939, Ann Castledine grew up in Yorkshire and initially worked as a teacher. She attended the University of York as a mature student and turned to theatre directing in the 1970s.
She was the eldest child of three born to Ida Castledine (née Armstrong) and Walter Cecil Castledine, who worked as an electrical engineer employed by the National Coal Board at coal mines including Kiveton Park Colliery. Her mother worked to run the household and bring up three children, while also donating time to the NSPCC. Ida and Cecil were keen on plays and theatre and placed an emphasis on education as a means of betterment. Castledine claimed to have been well-versed with Greek and Roman mythology and literature at the age of 5. A bright student, she considered her early career prospects to be firmly established by her gender and class – in press interviews she recalled making the choice to work as a teacher, having been presented with a choice between becoming a teacher or becoming a nurse.
Castledine attributed some of her early interest in theatre directing to the influence of Honor Mathews, who had been the head of drama at Goldsmiths College, London, during her own training. After working in London state schools as a teacher, and as senior lecturer in drama at Bulmershe College, Castledine attended the University of York as a mature student and found herself becoming preoccupied with directing plays. This early work was spotted by Michael Winter, the then director of York's Theatre Royal, who offered her the chance to be his Arts Council trainee in 1979.
Theatres and theatrical companies
Much of Castledine's theatrical work was carried out on a freelance basis and involved productions for a great number of British theatres and companies, including the Royal Shakespeare Company and the Royal National Theatre.
Her career also included periods as the artistic director for Derby Playhouse (1987–90). Prior to which she was Associate Artistic Director at Theatr Clwyd (1985–87). She also worked regularly at Chichester Festival Theatre.
While based in York, early in her directing career, Castledine ran her own small production company – Northern Studio Theatre. Later in her career, she frequently collaborated with Complicité.
Collaborators
Repeat collaborators included Stephen Daldry, Neil Bartlett, Simon McBurney, Annabel Arden, Josette Bushell-Mingo, Iona McLeish, Kathryn Hunter, Marcello Magni, Maureen Lawrence, Gillian Wright, Bryony Lavery, Beatrix Campbell, Corin Redgrave, Kika Markham, Jane Birkin, Mark Wheatley Polly Irvin, Roger Allam, Colin Ellwood and Catherine Bailey.
Theatre productions
Selected productions include:
In 1990, Annie Castledine directed a production of The Caretaker by Harold Pinter at the Sherman Theatre in Cardiff. It was noted as the first-ever production to have the title part played by a woman, Miriam Karlin.
In 1991, she co-directed with Stephen Daldry "a revelatory, award-winning pair of 1920s plays", Pioneers in Ingolstadt and Purgatory in Ingolstadt, by Marieluise Fleißer, at the Gate Theatre (London). These productions won the Time Out London Award for Best Director (1991).
In 1992–93, she directed Marching for Fausa by Biyi Bandele, the first African play to be staged at the Royal Court in London since 1966.
In 1993, she directed From The Mississippi Delta by Endesha Ida Mae Holland at the Cochrane Theatre. Winner of the Bass Charrington London Fringe Award for Best Ensemble and Best Director.
At the Royal National Theatre in 1995, she directed an "impressive" and "unforgettable" production of the Women of Troy.
In 2002, she directed Meredith Oakes' play Man for Hire in a season of new plays commissioned by Laura Harvey and Alan Ayckbourn at the Stephen Joseph Theatre.
In 2010, at the Arcola Theatre in 2010, she co-directed with Annabel Arden Thomas Bernhard's last play Heldenplatz. It was reviewed in the British press: "The superb Arcola staging made the case for Bernhard, a major European dramatist, for the first time, in effect, in this country."
Annie Castledine played a role in the creation of The Encounter, based on the book Amazon Beaming by Petru Popescu. The one-person show was first devised, directed and performed by Simon McBurney in 2015. Castledine had suggested the piece for adaptation to McBurney, with the gift of an inscribed book, 20 years before. It has been performed across the UK and Europe.
Radio productions
By Annie Castledine and Pier Productions:
Book at Bedtime: Three stories written by Stefan Zweig. Originally broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in January 2005.
Sister Under the Skin written by Corin Redgrave, starring Corin Redgrave and Kika Markham. Originally broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in March 2005
Directed by Castledine and produced by Catherine Bailey Productions:
Gaslight written by Patrick Hamilton, starring Juliet Stevenson, Roger Allam and Corin Redgrave. Originally broadcast on BBC Radio 4.
Lady Audley's Secret written by Mary Bradden, adapted by Bryony Lavery, starring Francesca Annis. Originally broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in 2000.
Oh Sorry, Were You Asleep? written by Jane Birkin, starring Jane Birkin and Corin Redgrave. Originally broadcast on BBC Radio 4.
Hymn to Love – Homage to Piaf. Originally broadcast on BBC Radio 3.
One Small Step written by Mark Wheatley. Originally broadcast on BBC Radio 4.
One Small Good Thing adapted by Mark Wheatley from a short story by Raymond Carver. Originally broadcast on BBC Radio 4.
The Lovers of Viorne written by Marguerite Duras, adapted by Bryony Lavery. Originally broadcast on BBC Radio 3 in October 2004.
Boniface and Me written by Gillian Plowman. Originally broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in December 2007.
Gracey and Me written by Gillian Plowman. Originally broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in October 2010.
Gilead adapted by Mike Kenny from the novel by Marilynne Robinson. Originally broadcast on BBC Radio 3 in November 2010.
Television productions
Produced by Annie Castledine:
Henry IV written by William Shakespeare, adapted and directed by John Caird, starring Ronald Pickup. Originally broadcast on BBC 2 on 28 October 1995.
Directed by Annie Castledine:
The Colour of Light written by Sheila Yeger, starring Kim Hicks, Barbara Marten and Rob Pickavance. Originally broadcast on BBC 2 on 24 July 1997.
Teaching
Bulmershe College
Guildhall School of Music and Drama, including productions of When Nora Left Her Husband by Elfriede Jelinek.
Rose Bruford College: Placement Tutor from 2004 to 2010; teacher of the 'New Writing Production Module', 'The BAC Final Production Module', 'The Brecht Course', 'The Chekhov Course', and 'Lectures on Classic Texts'. Honorary Fellow.
University of Manchester/Rose Bruford College: creation (2009–10) of a distance learning course with Polly Irvin, 'Four Contemporary Directors and the Stories They Tell'.
University of Cambridge, Cambridge Greek plays.
Castledine was also a long-standing Patron of the British Regional Theatre Young Director Scheme, serving alongside fellow Patrons Phyllida Lloyd, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Noble, Michael Boyd, Michael Grade and Michael Billington.
Books
Plays by Women, Volume 9, first published by Methuen Drama for Bloomsbury Publishing in 1992, edited and introduced by Annie Castledine.
Plays by Women, Volume 10, first published by Methuen Drama for Bloomsbury Publishing in 1994, edited and introduced by Annie Castledine.
Interviewed in On Directing: Interviews with Directors, edited by Gabriella Giannachi and Mary Buckhurst, published by Faber & Faber 1999.
Death
She died in June 2016, aged 77, in hospital in Eastbourne.
Family
Castledine was survived by her sister, brother, five nieces and a nephew. This family includes the classicist Helen Morales.
Quotations by Annie Castledine
"Our priority then and now is to extend our hands across cultural barriers to grasp our common humanity. If we ignore that, we are condemning the whole human race."
"Too many theatres are driven by caution and a desire to do work that is proven."
"I hadn't realised regional rep was about money. I thought it was about encouraging the young and being radical."
"When you spend so many weeks in the presence of a great playwright with a challenging voice and a political consciousness, then your quality of life goes into the stratosphere."
"If women playwrights are not given enough practice through production and have to snatch what experience they can... it is because their work is not the first choice of those in power in our theatre."
"The curse of our theatre is the linear, suburban imagination which has to be literal about time and place."
"In doing it for us, the characters allow us to also experience the scream. Hugely cathartic, hugely important. Classless, timeless, placeless."
"Theatre is an abused art form here. And it is undervalued because it is underfunded."
"When you have nothing else you have words, so use those words."
Quotations about Annie Castledine
Stephen Daldry CBE, director & producer: "A giant, a mother and a force for all that's best in the theatre."
Sarah Brigham, artistic director and chief executive of Derby Playhouse: "Annie was fearless in her programming of Derby Playhouse, encouraging innovation, work of the highest quality and encouraging audiences to take as many risks as we ask artists to."
Mike Kenny, playwright: "I don't think they make them like Annie any more... She had a belief in the creativity of ordinary people and never compromised on a parallel belief in excellence. She promoted women's work and diversity when it wasn't fashionable. She threw together volatile groups of creative people and often produced magic and sometimes, it has to be said, chaos. If you were an actor in her rehearsal room, every day was like having a full house – the quality of the attention she paid you was as enormous as she was as a personality. I did smile when I heard that she died on the same day as Muhammad Ali. If those two met at the Pearly Gates, I wouldn't fancy his chances."
Lyn Gardner, critic and journalist: "[O]ne of the most energising and dynamic talents in the business. She was always a late starter... Castledine's work... combines an English working-class and feminist toughness tempered by a lyric, European sensibility."
Peter Brook CH CBE, director: "[Castledine] has defined herself as an outstanding director of European classical and contemporary plays, bringing a compelling visionary power to the stage."
References
External links
1939 births
2016 deaths
English theatre directors
People from Sheffield
Schoolteachers from Yorkshire
Adonis was a wooden brigantine built at Jervis Bay, New South Wales. She was wrecked on 22 December 1889, approximately south of Crowdy Head, when she sprang a leak whilst carrying coal between Wollongong and the Richmond River.
Shipwrecks of the Mid North Coast Region
Ships built in New South Wales
1874 ships
Maritime incidents in 1889
1871–1900 ships of Australia
Colliers of Australia
Brigantines of Australia
Hilde De Ridder-Symoens (born 1943) is a Belgian historian. She was Professor of Medieval History at the Free University of Amsterdam (1986–2001) and Professor of Early Modern History at the University of Ghent (2001–2008). Her research focuses on educational history and the history of universities. She edited the first two volumes of Cambridge University Press's A History of the University in Europe (1992, 1996). Together with C.M. Ridderikhoff she published Les livres des procurateurs de la nation germanique de l'ancienne Université d'Orléans, 1444-1602 (4 volumes, Brill, Leiden, 1971-2015).
Life
Born in Sint-Jans-Molenbeek, Brussels, on 19 April 1943, Hilde Symoens grew up in the Belgian Congo. After graduating from secondary school from the Athénée Royal de Léopoldville she registered as a student at the University of Ghent, obtaining the licentiate in History in 1964 and then a doctorate in February 1969, under the supervision of R. C. van Caenegem, with a dissertation on students from the Duchy of Brabant at the law faculty of the University of Orléans between 1444 and 1555. Her further research related to the education of office holders in the late medieval and early modern Low Countries, and more broadly to international student mobility in the Middle Ages and Early Modern Times.
She has been a visiting scholar at the Max Planck Institute for European Legal History in Frankfurt, the University of California at Berkeley, Merton College, Oxford, and UCLA.
In 2003 Symoens became a member of the Royal Flemish Academy of Belgium for Science and the Arts. In 2004 a Festschrift in her honour, with contributions drawn from a colloquium held to mark her departure from Amsterdam in 2001, was published by Brill. She became a member of Academia Europaea in 2009.
References
1943 births
Ghent University alumni
Ghent University faculty
Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam faculty
20th-century Belgian historians
Members of the Royal Flemish Academy of Belgium for Science and the Arts
Living people
Members of Academia Europaea
21st-century Belgian historians
Adam Scott Graves (born April 12, 1968) is a Canadian former professional hockey player. He served 10 seasons with the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League (NHL). He also played for the Detroit Red Wings, Edmonton Oilers and San Jose Sharks in a career that spanned from 1987 to 2003. He finished his career with 329 goals, 287 assists and 1,224 penalty minutes. He is currently a New York Rangers special assistant with Prospect Development and Community Relations.
Playing career
As a youth, Graves played in the 1981 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with a minor ice hockey team from Wexford, Toronto.
Graves started playing Junior B hockey with King City, Ontario, north of his birthplace in Toronto. Graves then joined the Windsor Spitfires of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL) in 1985–86 and averaged over one point per game as a rookie in the OHL. He was drafted 22nd overall by the Detroit Red Wings in the 1986 NHL Entry Draft.
The 1986–87 season was his breakout year, when he scored 45 goals for the Spitfires. He led his team to the OHL championship in the Memorial Cup tournament. In the 1987–88 season, Graves played primarily for the Spitfires, but was called up to play nine games with Detroit.
The 1988–89 season would be Graves' first season as an NHL regular. He played in 56 games for the Red Wings while splitting time with the Adirondack minor league club, but was only able to score seven goals. During his brief tenure with the Red Wings, with whom he amassed 60 penalty minutes in 1988–89 and 13 in 1989–90, Graves earned the reputation as an agitator who played on the edge and often went over it. According to Hockeyfights.com, he took part in 52 fights in his NHL career.
On November 2 of the 1989-90 campaign, Graves was involved in a blockbuster trade with the Edmonton Oilers. Along with Graves, the Oilers received Petr Klima, Joe Murphy and Jeff Sharples in exchange for Jimmy Carson, Kevin McClelland and Edmonton's fifth-round draft pick in the 1991 NHL Entry Draft. The trade was lamented at the time in Edmonton —- the high-scoring Klima had run-ins with the law and a history of substance abuse, Sharples was coming off a shoulder injury, and Murphy and Graves were considered to be underachievers given their high draft status. Red Wings general manager Jim Devellano was reluctant to part with Graves, but felt that obtaining Detroit-area native Carson was worth it. The trade paid immediate dividends for the Oilers, as Klima finished with 30 goals, while Graves and Murphy provided depth up front. Graves would go on to score 11 points in the playoffs, en route to defeating the Boston Bruins for the Edmonton Oilers' fifth Stanley Cup.
"It was such an excellent team atmosphere," said Graves of his brief stint with the Oilers. "We were together as any group of guys in the league. Everyone felt that they were a part of the team- no one felt left out. Because of that, even if you had a small role on the team, you were happy. You were glad to be able to give whatever little you could to the team. You did everything you could. I have many wonderful memories in my two years with the Oilers. I thoroughly enjoyed my time with the team."
But Graves spent only two seasons with the Oilers before they allowed him to leave as a free agent at the conclusion of the 1990–91 campaign. He signed an offer sheet for five years and $2.44 million with the New York Rangers, where he would join former Edmonton Oilers teammates Mark Messier and Jeff Beukeboom. Neil Smith, the general manager of the Rangers, was familiar with Graves, having earlier served as the Red Wings' director of scouting. In 1991-92, Graves' first season with the Rangers, he scored 26 goals, helping the team to a 105-point, Presidents' Trophy-winning regular season that was punctuated by a major disappointment in the playoffs. Graves finished fifth in the voting for the Frank J. Selke Trophy as the best defensive forward in the league.
Graves performance was marred by an ugly incident in Game 2 of the Patrick Division finals against the Pittsburgh Penguins, when he fractured the left wrist of superstar Mario Lemieux with a vicious two-handed swing of his stick. Lemieux was adamant that Rangers head coach Roger Neilson had "engineered a hit" that sidelined him for five games.
"It was intentional, no question about it," Lemieux said of the incident during the Stanley Cup finals that season. "I've never been hit that hard in my life. I'm not saying Roger Neilson told Graves to go after me, but he told his players to go after me."
Graves was assessed only a minor penalty on the play and allowed to take part in Game 3, in which he scored the first goal of a 6-5 overtime victory. After he was suspended for the remainder of the series, the Penguins rallied to win the next three games and the series on the way to the Stanley Cup championship.
Although Graves continued to improve in the 1992–93 season, tallying 36 goals and 65 points, the Rangers failed to make the playoffs.
During the 1993–94 season, Graves scored 52 goals, setting a New York Rangers' franchise record for most goals in a season. (Jaromír Jágr would later score 54 in 2005–06). In the spring of 1994, Graves helped the Rangers win their first Stanley Cup since the 1939–40 season. Graves was awarded a roster spot on the NHL's second All-Star team at the position of left wing, and was the recipient of the King Clancy Memorial Trophy in recognition of his continuing work with charitable causes. Graves is one of the seven alumni of the Oilers dynasty to win the Stanley Cup with the 1993–94 New York Rangers, along with Jeff Beukeboom, Glenn Anderson, Kevin Lowe, Craig MacTavish, Mark Messier and Esa Tikkanen.
Graves remained productive during his tenure with the Rangers, being a consistent 20 to 30 goal scorer until the 1999–2000 campaign. Although the Rangers would not return to the hey-day of their 1993–94 campaign, Graves remained one of the team's most popular players. After winning the Bill Masterton Trophy in 2001, he was traded to the San Jose Sharks in exchange for Mikael Samuelsson and Christian Gosselin. Graves played with the Sharks organization for two years, totalling 49 total points, before announcing his retirement in April 2004.
Currently, Graves is an instructor at the New York Rangers' youth hockey camp.
Personal life
Graves grew up in Toronto (North York) with his parents Henry (a police officer stationed in Cabbagetown, Toronto) and Lynda Graves. Graves has two older sisters, Richenda and Lynette, as well as a younger adopted brother, Mark. The Graves family also took in as many as 40 foster children. He and his wife, Violet, are the parents of four children. They reside in Oakville, Ontario.
In popular culture
In the 1999 movie Big Daddy, Peter Dante is wearing Graves' New York Rangers #9 jersey, complete with the alternate captain emblem on the chest. The "G" and "S" were digitally removed for contractual reasons as the producers of the film wanted to avoid paying licensing rights to the NHLPA for the use of Graves's jersey, as Graves was an active player at the time of filming.
Awards
During the 1993–94 season, Graves was awarded with the King Clancy Memorial Trophy which is given annually to the NHL player who best exemplifies leadership qualities or has made a noteworthy humanitarian contribution to his community. Graves also won the NHL foundation award during the 1999–2000 season. This award is given annually to the player who applies core values of hockey, commitment and teamwork to enrich the lives of people in the community.
During the 1991–92, 1992–93, 1993–94, 1998–99 and 1999–2000 seasons, Graves received the Steven McDonald Award, given annually to the Rangers player who goes "above and beyond the call of duty", named after a paralyzed New York Police Department officer Steven McDonald.
The Players' Player Award which is given to the best "team player" as voted on by the players was also won by Graves in 1991–92, 1992–93, 1994–95 and 1998–99. In the 1992–93 and 1993–94 seasons, Graves won the Rangers Most Valuable Player Award given to the Rangers most valuable player as voted on by the media. Also during the 1992–93 season, Graves was given the "Rangers Good Guy" award. During the Rangers' Stanley Cup-winning season, Graves was awarded the Frank Boucher Trophy, given by the Rangers Fan Club given to the most popular player on and off the ice. Yet another fan club award Graves was awarded the "Rangers Fan Club Ceil Saidel Memorial Award" during the 1995–96, 1996–97 and 1999–2000 seasons. This award is for dedication on and off the ice.
In 1993, Graves also awarded the "Crumb Bum Award" given annually for services to New York youngsters as voted on by the media. Another "Good Guy" award Graves won was The Sporting News "Good guy" award in 2000. Along with other professional athletes such as Al Leiter, Troy Aikman and Terry Cummings this award was given to charitable and community service efforts. Graves is now an instructor at the New York Rangers youth hockey camp. He focuses on instilling pride in the youngsters attending the camp.
He also won the Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy in the 2000–01 season.
On February 3, 2009, the New York Rangers retired Graves' No. 9 jersey before a game against the Atlanta Thrashers, joining fellow 1994 Stanley Cup champion teammates Brian Leetch, Mark Messier and Mike Richter as well as Ranger greats Rod Gilbert and Ed Giacomin in the rafters of Madison Square Garden. #9 was also retired for Graves by his junior hockey team, the Windsor Spitfires.
In the 2009 book 100 Ranger Greats, the authors ranked Graves at No. 13 all-time of the 901 New York Rangers who had played during the team's first 82 seasons.
Awards and achievements
Member of two Stanley Cups winning teams: 1990 with the Edmonton Oilers and 1994 with the New York Rangers
Selected to one NHL All-Star Game: 1994
Named to the second All-Star team:
Winner of the 1994 King Clancy Memorial Trophy
Winner of the 2001 Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy
New York Rangers retired his jersey number 9 on February 3, 2009
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Transactions
November 2, 1989: Traded by the Detroit Red Wings, along with Petr Klima, Joe Murphy and Jeff Sharples to the Edmonton Oilers in exchange for Jimmy Carson, Kevin McClelland and Edmonton's 1991 5th-round draft choice.
September 3, 1991: Signed as a free agent by the New York Rangers.
2001: Traded by the New York Rangers with future considerations to the San Jose Sharks for Mikael Samuelsson.
See also
List of NHL players with 50-goal seasons
List of NHL players with 1000 games played
List of NHL players who have signed offer sheets
References
Lemieux Is Sidelined Amid Slash Controversy- New York Times
External links
Madison Square Garden, Adam Graves and My First Day as a Ranger — by Jeff Ulmer
1968 births
Living people
Adirondack Red Wings players
Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy winners
Canadian ice hockey right wingers
Detroit Red Wings draft picks
Detroit Red Wings players
Edmonton Oilers players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
King Clancy Memorial Trophy winners
National Hockey League All-Stars
National Hockey League players with retired numbers
New York Rangers players
San Jose Sharks players
Sportspeople from Toronto
Stanley Cup champions
Windsor Spitfires players
The Darjeeling woodpecker (Dendrocopos darjellensis) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is found in the northern regions of the Indian subcontinent, primarily in the Himalayas, and in some adjoining areas.
Distribution
It is found in Bhutan, India, Myanmar, Nepal and Tibet. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
Description
A medium-sized pied woodpecker with yellow neck sides. Black upperparts with large white, scapular patches and white barred flight feathers and tail sides. Male has red nape patch. White cheeks and long black moustache extending to upper breast. Black-streaked, yellow-buff below with red vent. Long bill.
References
Darjeeling woodpecker
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Yunnan
Darjeeling woodpecker
Darjeeling woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Pacific geoduck (“gooey-duck”; ; Panopea generosa) is a species of very large saltwater clam in the family Hiatellidae. The common name is derived from the Lushootseed (Nisqually) word gʷídəq.
The geoduck is native to the coastal waters of the eastern North Pacific Ocean from Alaska to Baja California. The shell of the clam ranges from to over in length, but the extremely long siphons make the clam itself much longer than this: the "neck" or siphons alone can be in length. The geoduck is the largest burrowing clam in the world. It is also one of the longest-living animals of any type, with a typical lifespan of 140 years; the oldest has been recorded at 179 years old. The precise longevity of geoducks can be determined from annual rings deposited in the shell which can be assigned to calendar years of formation through crossdating. These annual rings also serve as an archive of past marine variability.
Etymology
The name geoduck is derived from a Lushootseed (Nisqually) word gʷídəq either a word composed of a first element of unknown meaning and əq meaning "genitals" (referring to the shape of the clam), or a phrase meaning "dig deep", or perhaps both, as a double entendre. It is sometimes known as a mud duck, king clam or, when translated literally from Chinese, an elephant-trunk clam (). A group of geoducks is called a "bag".
Between 1983 and 2010, the scientific name of this clam was confused with that of an extinct clam, Panopea abrupta (Conrad, 1849), in scientific literature.
Biology
Native to the west coast of Canada and the northwest coast of the United States (primarily Washington and British Columbia), these marine bivalve mollusks are the largest burrowing clams in the world, weighing in at an average of at maturity, but specimens weighing over and as much as in length are not unheard of.
A related species, Panopea zelandica, is found in New Zealand and has been harvested commercially since 1989. The largest quantities have come from Golden Bay in the South Island where 100 tonnes were harvested in one year. There is a growing concern over the increase of parasites in the Puget Sound population of geoduck. Whether these microsporidium-like parasitic species were introduced by commercial farming is being studied by Sea Grant. Research to date does indicate their presence.
The oldest recorded specimen was 179 years old, but individuals usually live up to 140 years. A geoduck sucks water containing plankton down through its long siphon, filters this for food and ejects its refuse out through a separate hole in the siphon. Adult geoducks have few natural predators, which may also contribute to their longevity. In Alaska, sea otters and dogfish have proved capable of dislodging geoducks; starfish also attack and feed on the exposed geoduck siphon.
Geoducks are broadcast spawners. A female geoduck produces about 5 billion eggs in her century-long lifespan. However, due to a low rate of recruitment and a high rate of mortality for geoduck eggs, larvae, and post-settled juveniles, populations are slow to rebound. In the Puget Sound, studies indicate that the recovery time for a harvested tract is 39 years.
Biomass densities in Southeast Alaska are estimated by divers, then inflated by twenty percent to account for geoducks not visible at the time of survey. This estimate is used to predict the two percent allowed for commercial harvesting.
Industry
The world's first geoduck fishery was created in 1970, but demand for the half-forgotten clam was low at first due to its texture. , these clams sell in China for over US.
The geoduck's high market value has created an $80-million industry, with harvesting occurring in the US states of Alaska, Washington, and Oregon and the Canadian province of British Columbia. It is one of the most closely regulated fisheries in both countries. In Washington, Department of Natural Resources staff are on the water continually monitoring harvests to ensure revenues are received, and the same is true in Canada where the Underwater Harvesters' Association manages the Canadian Fishery in conjunction with Canada's Department of Fisheries and Oceans. The Washington State Department of Health tests water and flesh to assure clams are not filtering and holding pollutants, an ongoing problem. With the rise in price has come the inevitable problem with poaching, and with it the possibility some could be harvested from unsafe areas.
, advances in the testing system for contaminated clams have allowed geoduck harvesters to deliver live clams more consistently. The new testing system determines the viability of clams from tested beds before the harvesters fish the area. Previous methods tested clams after harvest. This advancement has meant that 90 percent of clams were delivered live to market in 2007. In 2001, only 10 percent were live. Because geoduck have a much higher market value live, an additional , this development has helped to stimulate the burgeoning industry.
The COVID-19 pandemic disrupted the geoduck industry. Given the near-shutdown of restaurants and seafood markets across the country, demand for live geoducks plummeted. Divers in Southeast Alaska who typically see prices of $5 to $10/lb for live geoducks reported prices as low as $1/lb, leading many to stop fishing temporarily.
Environmental impact
Geoduck farming grow-out and harvest practices are controversial, and have created conflicts with shoreline property owners, and concerns from nongovernmental organizations. However, the Environmental Defense Fund has found that bivalves (oysters, mussels, and clams) are beneficial to the marine environment. The water must be certifiably clean to plant geoducks commercially. Regulation was mandated in 2007. Studies have been funded to determine short- and long-term environmental and genetic impacts. In southern Puget Sound, the effect of geoduck farming on large mobile animals is ambiguous. A 2004 draft biological assessment, commissioned by three of the largest commercial shellfish companies in the Puget Sound region, identified no long-term effects of geoduck farming on threatened or endangered species.
Culinary uses
The large, meaty siphon is prized for its savory flavor and crunchy texture. Geoduck is regarded by some as an aphrodisiac because of its phallic shape. It is very popular in China, where it is considered a delicacy, mostly eaten cooked in a fondue-style Chinese hot pot. In Korean cuisine, geoducks are eaten raw with spicy chili sauce, sautéed, or in soups and stews. In Japan, geoduck is prepared as raw sashimi, dipped in soy sauce and wasabi. On Japanese menus in cheaper sushi restaurants, geoduck is sometimes substituted for Tresus keenae, a species of horse clam, and labeled mirugai or mirukuigai. It is considered to have a texture similar to an ark shell (known in Japanese as akagai). Mirugai is sometimes translated into English as "giant clam", and it is distinguished from himejako sushi, which is made from Tridacna gigas.
Chinese import ban
In December 2013, China imposed a ban on geoduck and other "double-shell aquatic animals"—such as clams, oysters, mussels, and scallops—that were imported from the west coast of the United States. Chinese officials found in an Alaskan shipment high levels of saxitoxin, a natural product that certain shellfish can accumulate, which when eaten by humans, can cause paralytic shellfish poisoning resulting in severe illness or even death. A shipment from Washington state was high in arsenic. The ban was in place for less than 6 months, ending in May 2014.
Popular culture
Evergreen State College in Olympia, Washington, has a geoduck as its mascot named Speedy.
Geoducks have also earned some internet infamy due to the phallic appearance of their siphons.
References
External links
Man and Mollusc—Geoduck facts
Geoduck.org; Underwater Harvester's Association
Geoduck.org: UHA—BC Seafood Alliance,
The Evergreen State College's Geoducks Page
Fisheries and Oceans Canada—Geoduck clam (Panopea abrupta)—Anatomy, Histology, Development, Pathology, Parasites, and Symbionts.
"Duckumentary" film Home Page: "3 Feet Under—Digging Deep for the Geoduck Clam"
Geoduck cooking Recipes
Clams
Hiatellidae
Marine molluscs of North America
Molluscs of the Pacific Ocean
Molluscs of the United States
Western North American coastal fauna
Commercial molluscs
Japanese seafood
Seafood in Native American cuisine
Washington (state) culture
Bivalves described in 1850
Taxa named by Augustus Addison Gould
A sporting song is a folk song which celebrates fox hunting, horse racing, gambling and other recreations.
Although songs about boxers and successful racehorses were common in the nineteenth century, few are performed by current singers. In particular fox-hunting is considered politically incorrect. The most famous song about a foxhunter, "D'ye ken John Peel" was included in The National Song Book in 1906 and is now often heard as a marching tune. A. L. Lloyd recorded two EPs of sporting ballads; "Bold Sportsmen All" (1958) and "Gamblers and Sporting Blades (Songs of the Ring and the Racecourse)" (1962). The High Level Ranters and Martin Wyndham-Read recorded an album called "English Sporting Ballads" in 1977. Logan English recorded an album American Gambling Songs in the 1950s. John Jacob Niles recorded American Folk and Gambling Songs. The Prospect Before Us (1976) by The Albion Dance Band contains two rarely heard hunting songs.
In the UK, The Watersons are the best-known performers of hunting songs. They sang "Dido, Bendigo" and "The White Hare of Howden" on their second album "The Watersons" (1966). The ballad " I'Anson's Racehorse" appears on A Yorkshire Garland (1966). Steeleye Span recorded "The Hills of Greenmore", an Irish fox-hunting song on their first album. "Skewball" is a song about a racehorse. Notable versions include those by Woody Guthrie, Peter, Paul and Mary, Lonnie Donegan, Steeleye Span and Joan Baez. "Morrisey and the Russian Sailor" (Roud 2150) recounts a Bare-knuckle boxing match between an Irishman and a Russian. As a folk-song it has been found in Ireland, the USA, Canada and Australia. It has been recorded by Joe Heaney. A well-known Irish reel "The Foxhunter" was recorded as an instrumental by The Chieftains, Lúnasa and many others.
Gambling songs often present the situation from the point of view of a repentant, aging gambler, looking back on his wasted life. The most famous such song is "The House of the Rising Sun". Lonnie Donegan recorded "Gamblin' Man" as the B-side to "Putting on the Style" and took "Jack O' Diamonds" to number 1 in the UK in 1957. Other games such as tennis, boating and croquet were middle-class pursuits and are not mentioned in folk-songs. However, a collection of Victorian and Edwardian parlour songs, Play the Game was recorded by Ian Partridge, Peter Savidge and Jennifer Partridge with The Song and Supper Club in 2001. Whaling could be considered a type of hunting, but whaling songs are usually classed as sea shanties.
The obvious successors to these songs are football songs, but they rarely describe actual matches. There are a number of Irish songs written by amateur songwriters from Ireland which celebrate notable achievements in hurling and Gaelic football. Rugby songs tend to be obscene. Country music songs such as "This Gambler's Blues” (1930) by Jimmie Rodgers continue the tradition of lamenting the effect of gambling.
External references
Morrisey and the Russian Sailor
John Jacob Niles Gambling songs
See also
Football chant
Song forms
Lists of songs about a topic
Richthofen Pass () is a pass, 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) wide, between Mount Fritsche and the rock wall north of McCarroll Peak, on the east coast of Graham Land. Discovered and photographed in 1902 by the Swedish Antarctic Expedition under Nordenskjold, who named it Richthofen Valley for Baron Ferdinand von Richthofen, German geographer and geologist. The feature was found to be a pass by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1955.
Further reading
NATIONAL GEOSPATIAL-INTELLIGENCE AGENCY, Springfield, Virginia, Antarctica, P 109
External links
Richthofen Pass on USGS website
Richthofen Pass on SCAR website
References
Mountain passes of Graham Land
Oscar II Coast
Châtillon station may refer to:
Stations in France
Châtillon-d'Azergues station, an SNCF station in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
Châtillon-en-Michaille station, see
Châtillon-sur-Seine station, see Laignes
Marlieux-Châtillon station, Marlieux, Ain department
Stations in Italy
Châtillon-Saint-Vincent railway station, a railway station in Aosta Valley
See also
Châtillon (disambiguation)
M. Chidananda Murthy (10 May 1931 – 11 January 2020) was a Kannada writer, researcher and historian. He was a well-known scholar in Karnataka specializing in the history of Kannada language and ancient Karnataka. He was also known for his campaign to conserve the monuments Hampi and to secure classical language status to Kannada Language. Murthy also articulated that uniform civil code and an anti-conversion law must be enacted by the Government in India.
Education
Chidananda Murthy obtained his Bachelor of Arts (Honours) degree in 1953 from Mysore University. He obtained his Master of Arts degree in Kannada Literature in 1957, also from Mysore University. During his postgraduate studies, he produced his influential essay Pampa Kavi Mattu Maulya Prasara. In Mysore University, he came under the influence of Kannada literary figures like Kuvempu, PuTeeNa, Raghavachar and historians like S. Srikanta Sastri. Another literary stalwart TeeNamShri guided Murthy in doctoral research on Kannada inscriptions. His doctoral thesis was titled A cultural study of Kannada inscriptions. He obtained his PhD degree from Bangalore University in 1964.
Career
Murthy was the head of the department of Kannada Bangalore University. He was also associated with Kannada Shakti Kendra. As a historian most of Murthy's work focused on scientific study of the Kannada Inscriptions. He attempted to contextualize inscriptions in their socio cultural setup. He produced many books on the history of Kannada language and Karnataka. He guided many research students.
Works
Vīraśaiva dharma, Bhāratīya saṃskr̥ti Prakāśana, 2000
Vāgartha Bāpkō, 1981
Vacana sāhitya 1975
Sweetness and light Sahithigala Kalavidara Balaga, 1989 [microform]
Saṃśōdhane. 1967
Saṃśōdhana taraṄga. Sarasa Sāhitya Prakāśana, 1966
Pūrṇa sūryagrahaṇa Aibiec Prakāśana, 1982
Pāṇḍitya rasa, Kannaḍa Viśvavidyālaya, 2000
Śūnya sampādaneyannu kuritu. 1962
Madhyakālīna Kannaḍa sāhitya mattu aspr̥śyate Prasārāṅga, Karnāṭaka Viśvavidyālaya, 1985
Liṅgāyata adhyayangaḷu Vāgdēvi Pustakagaḷu, 1986
Kavirājamārga. 1973
Karnāṭaka saṃskr̥ti Kannaḍa Sāhitya Pariṣattu, 1991
Karnāṭaka-Nēpāḷa Prasārāṅga, Kannaḍa Viśvavidyālaya, 2003
Kannaḍāyaṇa Priyadarśini Prakāśana, 1999
Kannada śāsanagaḷa sāmskr̥tika adhyayana. 1966
Hosatu hosatu Kannaḍa Viśvavidyālaya, 1993
Grāmīṇa Bāpko Prakāśana, 1977
Cidānanda samagra sampuṭa Sapna Book House, 2002
Basavanna National Book Trust, India, 1972
Awards
Rajyothsava award
Sahitya Akademi Award
Pampa Award in 2002
Alva's Nudisiri Award in 2006
Illness and death
Chidananda Murthy was admitted to a private hospital in Bangalore on 9 January when he suffered difficulties in breathing. The doctors reported blockage of windpipe by dry cough. His son said that Murthy had stopped solid intakes and was only consuming fluids from past few months, due to his varying health conditions.
However Chidananda Murthy died two days later after the admission to the hospital, on 11 January 2020 at around 4am. His mortal remains were kept at the city residence in Bangalore for the people to express their last respects. Several dignitaries like B. S. Yediyurappa, S. L. Bhyrappa, S. Suresh Kumar, V. Somanna expressed their condolences to the veteran's death. The government announced the last rites to be performed with full state honours and respect.
See also
Kannada
Kannada literature
References
Sources
The Hindu – 10 May 2004
External links
People from Davanagere district
20th-century Indian historians
Historians of India
1931 births
2020 deaths
Kannada people
Recipients of the Sahitya Akademi Award in Kannada
Kannada-language writers
University of Mysore alumni
20th-century Indian writers
20th-century Indian male writers
Avner Falk (; born 1943) is an Israeli clinical psychologist and author. Falk has written psychoanalytic studies of Jewish and Israeli leaders, Jewish history, the Arab–Israeli conflict, antisemitism and Islamic terrorism.
Biography
Avner Falk grew up in Tel Aviv and studied psychology and clinical psychology at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem (1960–1966) and at Washington University in St. Louis (1966–1970) where he received his Ph.D. in 1970. He returned to Israel in 1971 and worked as a clinical psychologist and psychotherapist in Jerusalem until 1995. He has published psychoanalytic biographies of Moshe Dayan, David Ben-Gurion, Theodor Herzl, Napoleon and Barack Obama. In 2005, his book Fratricide in the Holy Land: A Psychoanalytic View of the Arab-Israeli Conflict (2004) won the Outstanding Academic Title award from the American Library Association's Choice magazine.
In July 2010 Dr. Falk was contacted by Dr. Hans-Joachim Lang, a Holocaust historian and journalist in the German university town of Tübingen, whose city government had just published the existence in its museum of a wooden Torah disc from Zgierz, the hometown of Falk's maternal family, which had been in its possession since 1994. It turned out that the disc was a relic from a Torah scroll that Falk's Polish-Jewish maternal grandfather, Jozef Cwi Szpiro (1880–1941), had donated to his Zgierz synagogue in 1927 in memory of his deceased parents, and that some time after 1939 came into the possession of Otto Michel (1903–1993), a well-known Tübingen university theologian, a former Nazi and SA member, who after the Second World War and the Holocaust became a Jewish Studies pioneer in Tübingen, and whose widow had given it to the city museum. Since then, Dr. Falk has been writing a psychohistorical book, which has also become a detective story, about when and how this relic of his grandfather's Torah scroll came into Michel's possession. Michel himself had said nothing about his Nazi past in his autobiography of 1989 and had apparently told no one about how he had come by the wooden Torah disc. In November 2011 Dr. Falk received this relic of his grandfather's Torah scroll from the mayor of Tübingen, Boris Palmer (born 1971), in a public ceremony in Tübingen's city hall, at which Falk delivered a German-language lecture on his findings entitled "Die Verneinung der Vergangenheit: Die Geschichte einer Thorarolle" ("The Denial of the Past: The Story of a Torah Scroll"). He continues his research for this book in the face of considerable resistance from some German archives.
Awards and critical acclaim
1987 Resident Scholar, Rockefeller Foundation Study and Conference Center, Bellagio, Italy
1997 Fellow of the International Napoleonic Society
1999 Featured Scholar, Clio's Psyche
2006 Outstanding Academic Title award for Fratricide in the Holy Land from the American Library Association's Choice magazine
Published works
Books
1985 משה דיין: האיש והאגדה. ביוגרפיה פסיכואנליטית [Moshe Dayan, the Man and the Myth: a Psychoanalytic Biography]. Jerusalem: Cana. Tel Aviv: Maariv Library.
1987 דוד מלך ישראל: ביוגרפיה פסיכואנליטית של דוד בן-גוריון [David King of Israel: a Psychoanalytic Biography of David Ben-Gurion]. Tel Aviv: Tammuz Publishing.
1993 Herzl, King of the Jews: a Psychoanalytic Biography of Theodor Herzl. Lanham, Maryland: University Press of America
1996 A Psychoanalytic History of the Jews. Madison, New Jersey: Fairleigh Dickinson University Press. Cranbury, New Jersey & London: Associated University Presses
2004 Fratricide in the Holy Land: A Psychoanalytic View of the Arab-Israeli Conflict. Madison, Wisconsin: University of Wisconsin Press.
2007 Napoleon Against Himself: A Psychobiography. Charlottesville, Virginia: Pitchstone Publishing.
2008 Antisemitism: A History and Psychoanalysis of Contemporary Hatred. Westport, Connecticut: Praeger.
2008 Islamic Terror: Conscious and Unconscious Motives. Westport, Connecticut: Praeger.
2010 Franks and Saracens: Reality and Fantasy in the Crusades. London: Karnac Books
2010 The Riddle of Barack Obama: A Psychobiography. Westport, Connecticut: Praeger
References
External links
Avner Falk's website
Israeli psychologists
1943 births
Living people
Washington University in St. Louis alumni
Hebrew University of Jerusalem alumni
The Kaitersberg is a low mountain crest up to east of Bad Kötzting in the Bavarian Forest in southern Germany. Its long ridge runs eastwards towards the Großer Arber.
The highest peak on the ridge is the 1,132 metre high Großer Riedelstein with its Waldschmidt monument. On another peak, the Mittagstein, , is the Kötztinger Hütte, a restaurant and mountain hut. Other prominent peaks with odd rock formations made of gneiss are the Kreuzfelsen, , with its hilltop cross, and the Rauchröhren, (. Below the Kreuzfelsen is "Highwayman Heigl's Cave" (Räuber-Heigl-Höhle), the hideout of Michael Heigl from Beckendorf, who threatened the area here in the 19th century.
The Rauchröhren offers demanding climbing area of up to 11th grade. Its rock pinnacle is the most difficult of the Bavarian Forest summits (IV).
Occasionally gliders fly above the Kaitersberg from the nearby airfield at Arnbruck, looking for lift from the winds blowing up the slopes in order to gain height when there are no thermals.
External links
Climbing the Rauchröhren
Photographs of the Kaitersberg
Cham (district)
Mountains of Bavaria
Mountains of the Bavarian Forest
Rikberg is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alar Rikberg (born 1981), Estonian indiaca player
Nils Rikberg (1928–2002), Finnish football player
Rait Rikberg (born 1982), Estonian volleyball player
See also
Risberg
Wenceslaus I of Cieszyn (, , ; 1413/18 – 1474), was a Duke of Cieszyn from 1431 (until 1442 with his brothers as co-rulers), Duke of half of Bytom during 1431–1452 (returned to him soon after until 1459) and Duke of Siewierz (until 1443).
He was the oldest son of Duke Bolesław I of Cieszyn by his second wife Euphemia, daughter of Duke Siemowit IV of Masovia.
Life
After the death of his father in 1431, and despite the fact that he was legally an adult and able to govern by himself, Wenceslaus remained under the tutelage of his mother, together with his younger brothers, who were his co-rulers.
Linked to the imperial court of Sigismund of Luxembourg, in 1438 Wenceslaus paid tribute to the Emperor. In the same year he obtained for Cieszyn the right of minting his own coins.
Despite the good relations with the Emperor Sigismund, in 1434 Wenceslaus was involved with the Hussites, helping especially the Burgrave of Będzin, Mikołaj Kornicz Siestrzeniec in his rallies against the Bishops of Kraków in the Kingdom of Poland. Only after a reprisal expedition of Krystyn Koziegłowski to Siewierz did Wenceslaus stop his support and conclude a settlement with Poland in Będzin on 15 October 1434.
On 17 February 1439, Wenceslaus married Elisabeth (b. 1 May/29 September 1403 - d. Legnica, 31 October 1449), daughter of Frederick I, Elector of Brandenburg and widow of Louis II, Duke of Brzeg-Legnica. According to the chronicler Ambrose of Byczyny, the wedding in fact took place two months before, on 9 December 1438 in Wrocław; however, after further research, historians believed that this date wasn't the proper marriage ceremony but only the engagement. Elisabeth is mentioned as Duchess of Cieszyn for the first time on 5 March 1439.
After six years of childless union, they were separated ca. 1445 for undisclosed reasons. Elisabeth returned to Legnica, where she died four years later, in 1449. Wenceslaus never remarried.
On 29 November 1442, Wenceslaus finally succumbed to the pressure of his brothers and agreed to the division of their lands. However, the newly created Duchies were unequal, because Wenceslaus retained in their hands most of the territories, giving to his brothers only half of both Głogów and Ścinawa (who were seriously in debt) and some parts of Cieszyn, and also retained the full authority over Bytom and Siewierz.
These actions, however, didn't resolve the financial difficulties of Wenceslaus. For this reason, on 24 December 1443 he sold the Duchy of Siewierz to Zbigniew Oleśnicki, Bishop of Kraków (and from them that land wasn't treated as part of Silesia). This step only provide liquidity to Wenceslaus for a while. The sale of Siewierz caused a long-lasting dispute between Wenceslaus and Duke Bolko V of Głogów, who didn't accept the transaction. Ultimately, the conflict was ended by 1 July 1457 when Wenceslaus entered into an agreement with Poland.
In 1452 he swapped Bytom for Bielsko with his brother Bolesław II. After Bolesław II's death later in that year, Wenceslaus took the guardianship of his children. This enabled him to re-acquire Bytom. In 1459, Wenceslaus sold Bytom to Duke Konrad IX of Oleśnica by the amount of 1,700 fines.
During the 1460s, the political activity of Wenceslaus was significantly limited. In 1468, the childless Duke abdicated in favor of his nephew Casimir II the rule over Cieszyn (although the real power was held by Wenceslaus's brother Przemysław II).
In 1471 Wenceslaus obtained the sole authority over Bielsko, after supported the candidacy of Władysław II as King of Bohemia.
Wenceslaus died in Bielsko in 1474. He is buried in the Dominican church in Cieszyn.
Ancestry
References
Genealogical database by Herbert Stoyan
Genealogy of the Dukes of Cieszyn
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
1413 births
1474 deaths
Dukes of Teschen
Piast dynasty
Frances Disley is a print-maker, artist and curator based in Liverpool. Her work explores colour and form as well as having a strong connection with natural history.
Personal life and education
Frances Disley was born in Warrington in 1976. In 2004, she followed her BA in fine art printmaking from the University of Wolverhampton with a master's degree in printmaking at the Royal College of Art. She has been manager of the Bluecoat Print Studios in Liverpool and lectured at Liverpool Hope University. She is based in Liverpool.
Practice and exhibitions
Disley's works has been part of several individual and solo exhibitions. She tries to show her thought processes about colour and form when creating an artwork, including using her own body to animate the works. Although printmaking is her focus, she will explore her ideas with other techniques such as photography, sculpture and drawing.
Disley was an associate artist of the Liverpool Biennial from 2015 - 2018 with the aim of developing her international contacts and reputation in collaboration with an international curator. She has subsequently acted as an artist advisor in commissioning new works by artists.
Disley's works have been shown in exhibitions, including:
2015 Grosvenor Museum, Chester: Metamorphosis
2016 Liverpool Biennial: Blaze painted on a double-decker bus; I'm a really good dancer video at the India Buildings.
2019 Humber Street Gallery, Hull the food-related living sculpture The Cucumber Fell in the Sand.
2021 Coventry City of Culture at the Herbert Art Gallery and Museum where she contributed a new work to UnNatural History that explored the role of artists in the science of natural history and climate change. Her work was a response to the natural science collection at the
2022 Walker Art Gallery, Liverpool, as part of the Refractive Pool exhibition of work by local artists.
References
Living people
British women artists
People from Warrington
Alumni of the University of Wolverhampton
Alumni of the Royal College of Art
1976 births
British women curators
1964 saw Club Atlético Independiente become the first Argentine team to win the Copa Libertadores. Boca Juniors were the champions of the Argentine first division.
Primera División
Relegation
There was no relegation due to the expansion of the Primera División from 16 to 18 teams.
Copa Libertadores
Boca Juniors qualified for Copa Libertadores 1965 via the league, Independiente qualified as the Libertadores champions of 1964.
Copa Libertadores 1964
Independiente: Champions
References
Argentina 1964 by Pablo Ciullini at rsssf.
Copa Libertadores 1964 by José Luis Pierrend, John Beuker and Osvaldo José Gorgazzi at rsssf.
Argentine
Mariela Muñoz (24 December 19435 May 2017) was an Argentine transgender rights activist and politician. She raised twenty-three children over the course of her life. In 1997, she became the first trans woman to be officially recognized by the government of Argentina. She unsuccessfully sought the mayoralty of Quilmes and was active in the Justicialist Party and Renewal Party.
Early life
Muñoz was born on 24 December 1943, in San Isidro de Lules. Much of her childhood was spent in Quilmes. Her father, formerly a sugarcane farmer, became a construction worker to support her and her three brothers. She was already very feminine as a child, and underwent harassment and corrective rape as a result. Her mother was against her femininity, and her father initially took her to prostitutes and psychiatrists as an attempt to change her mind, but he eventually became supportive of her and considered mortgaging their home to pay for her sex reassignment surgery.
When Muñoz became independent, she moved to the suburbs of Buenos Aires and began caring for adolescents, single mothers, and children. During her lifetime she raised 23 children and 30 grandchildren. In 1993, she told that she raised each child until they were married. To support her family, she worked as a tarot reader.
In 1981, Muñoz traveled to Chile for a vaginoplasty, which was done by doctor Guillermo Mac Millan.
In December 1993, a family court judge in Quilmes decided to revoke Muñoz's custody over three children she had adopted and raised, accusing her of having kidnapped them. The judge also issued a suspended sentence of one year in prison. This court case contributed to public awareness of transgender people and their rights in Argentina.
Government recognition
In May 1997, 41 years after first asking to be called Mariela and 16 years after undergoing sex reassignment surgery, Muñoz successfully acquired a new ID which identified her as female and used the name "Mariela Muñoz", making her the first transsexual woman to be recognized as such by the Argentine government. The judge who ordered the Civil Registry to make the change did so after being presented with several reports by experts in psychology, and after Muñoz argued that she had been psychologically female since childhood, before her sex reassignment surgery in the 1980s. While Muñoz's case set the precedent for future requests by several other people, Argentina would not pass the Gender Identity Law, which granted all transgender people the right to have their gender reflected on their identification, until fifteen years later.
Later life
Muñoz unsuccessfully campaigned to be mayor of Quilmes in 1997. She then ran for provincial deputy with the Justicialist Party in 2003 and the Renewal Party in 2009, wanting to bring attention to the issue of diversity. She was not elected.
In 2013, after Muñoz had a stroke, a judge in Buenos Aires granted her a recurso de amparo so that the government would provide her with money in recognition of the discrimination she had faced. She was 70 years old at the time and did not have enough money to meet her basic needs. By the last year of Muñoz's life, she had suffered three strokes and relied on her adopted children to care for her. She died on 5 May 2017, in Greater Buenos Aires.
References
1943 births
2017 deaths
LGBT people from Argentina
LGBT politicians from Argentina
Transgender politicians
Transgender women
Transgender rights activists
Tarot readers
People from Tucumán Province
People from Quilmes
Bang Bang Baby is a Canadian musical science-fiction film written and directed by Jeffrey St. Jules, which premiered in 2014 at Toronto International Film Festival.
Plot
Stepphy, a teenager living in the small town of Lonely Arms, dreams of becoming a famous singer. Her alcoholic father, George, refuses to let her enter a singing competition in New York City. She believes that her fate may change when her idol, Bobby Shore, shows up in town after his car breaks down. Meanwhile, a dangerous leak at the local chemical plant is beginning to turn the local townsfolk into mutants.
Cast
Production
In March 2014, it was announced Jane Levy, Justin Chatwin and Peter Stormare will star in the film, with Jeffrey St. Jules directing from a screenplay he wrote. Principal photography began on February 12, 2014 in Toronto.
Awards
The film won the award for Best Canadian First Feature Film at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival, and was named the winner of the 2014 Claude Jutra Award. The TIFF jury remarked, "For its ingenious mixing of genres, sophisticated blend of tones and ability to create its own strange, tragicomic and original world without sacrificing any richness in regards to story, character and emotion, the jury recognizes as Best Canadian First Feature Film Bang Bang Baby by Jeffrey St. Jules." The award carries a cash prize of $15,000.
The film garnered two Canadian Screen Award nominations at the 3rd Canadian Screen Awards, for Best Supporting Actor (Chatwin) and Best Overall Sound (Christopher Guglick, Dave Mercel, Steve Moore, Justin Sawyer and Alex Turner).
Release
Bang Bang Baby premiered in 2014 at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 8. The film was also screened at Santa Barbara International Film Festival on February 5, 2015 and Omaha Film Festival on March 11. The film opened in select theaters in Canada on August 21, 2015 distributed by Search Engine Films. On November 10, 2015 the film was released in U.S through video on demand by Random Media.
Critical reception
Bang Bang Baby received mixed reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes the film has a rating of 67%, based on 9 reviews, with an average rating of 6.6/10. Bruce Demara of Toronto Star gave the film a negative review writing: "St. Jules clearly has talent. What he needs is a story that maintains its consistent level of zany wit from beginning to end.". Glenn Sumi of Now Toronto, on the other hand, gave the film a positive review writing: "St. Jules's script takes too many detours, and many plot points aren't carried through. Sometimes the meta film jokes feel strained. But he gets strong performances from the cast, who all channel 60s archetypes while maintaining their individuality."
References
External links
Bang Bang Baby at Library and Archives Canada
2014 films
2010s science fiction films
2010s musical films
Canadian musical comedy films
Canadian science fiction comedy films
English-language Canadian films
Best First Feature Genie and Canadian Screen Award-winning films
Films directed by Jeffrey St. Jules
2014 directorial debut films
Science fiction musical films
2010s English-language films
2010s Canadian films
Kostas Koligiannis (, 1909 - September 5, 1979) was the General Secretary of the Communist Party of Greece (KKE) in exile, from 1956 until 1972.
Born in Ellopia, Boeotia, he studied law at the University of Athens, and was an active participant in the Greek Civil War of 1946–49, especially in the region of Epirus.
He became leader of the KKE in 1956, with backing from Khrushchev as a supporter of De-Stalinization, although most party members at the time were actually supporters of maintaining the previous political line. He led the party until 1972.
He died in Budapest, Hungary, in 1979.
1909 births
1979 deaths
General Secretaries of the Communist Party of Greece
National and Kapodistrian University of Athens alumni
Democratic Army of Greece personnel
People from Boeotia
Exiles of the Greek Civil War in the Soviet Union
The London Rippers were a professional baseball team based in London, Ontario, in Canada. The Rippers were a member of the Frontier League, which is not affiliated with Major League Baseball. They played their home games at Labatt Park, and were the second Frontier League team to play their home games in London, following the London Werewolves, which played from 1999 (when they won the Frontier League Championship) until folding in 2001.
The franchise was founded as the original Slippery Rock Sliders in 2007. (The name "Slippery Rock Sliders" was later used by a summer collegiate baseball team of the Prospect League.) The team was renamed Midwest Sliders in 2008 and played as a traveling team for that season. It was renamed again to Midwest Sliders of Ypsilanti in 2009 and relocated to Ypsilanti, Michigan. The team was renamed again to Oakland County Cruisers in 2010. The franchise was resurrected in 2012 and became the "Rippers".
On July 24, 2012, it was announced that the Rippers would cease all operations as of midnight July 25, 2012.
Controversy
The choice of the name and mascot proved controversial with some, as it was felt to represent Jack the Ripper. Megan Walker, director of a local London Abused Women's Center stated that "People are outraged. I think it's appalling. It's insulting and stupid and they better rethink their entire marketing strategy" Mayor Joe Fontana seemed uneasy about the team name but stated there is little the council can do to prevent the team from playing in Labatt Park, which is city owned.
The name choice was defended by Rush Limbaugh, Rick Chandler of NBC Sports, Ryan Mahan of the State Journal-Register and comedian Adam Buckley, briefly the team's PA announcer in 2012, who supported the logo as well as the name.''
2012 season
The London Rippers opened their season against the Southern Illinois Miners. After a 1–5 start on their first road trip, London played their first game at Labatt Memorial Park on May 25, 2012 against the Gateway Grizzlies, winning 4–3.
Eviction and folding
On July 18, 2012, an eviction notice was posted on the door of the London Rippers' Team Store in Market Tower, which was later attributed to their failure to pay rent. This led to the Frontier League stepping in to work with owner Othman Kadry and widespread speculation that the team's future was in jeopardy. Six days later, on July 24, 2012, it was first announced that the team would play the remainder of their season on the road, but was announced later in the day that the team would be folding altogether.
The Frontier League later announced on July 25, 2012, that the franchise will be replaced by a traveling team called the "Road Warriors", name previously used by the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. Teams originally scheduled to play in London instead hosted the Road Warriors.
References
External links
London Rippers at Internet Archive
Frontier League
Frontier League teams
Sports teams in London, Ontario
Baseball teams in Ontario
Baseball teams established in 2011
Sport clubs disestablished in 2012
2011 establishments in Ontario
Defunct baseball teams in Canada
Defunct Frontier League teams
2012 disestablishments in Ontario
Defunct independent baseball league teams
The Bingham Military School was the state of North Carolina's first military school, founded in 1826 by Capt. D.H. Bingham, with the intention of providing more accessible training for military officers. The school opened its doors in January 1827, with D.H. Bingham as its superintendent and Capt. Patridge, who had served in the French army, as its head instructor. The school relocated twice, first from Williamsborough to Littleton in 1829, and then later that year from Littleton to Oxford.
The school initially opened to some popularity. However, it soon came under fire by the newspaper The Star due to its young educators and the frequent absence of Capt. Patridge, who was more qualified. The school moved again to Raleigh in 1831, shortly before Bingham left the school for a position with a railroad company in Alabama in 1833. Finally, in 1836, the school moved to Wilmington. The school shut down fairly soon thereafter.
It is sometimes mistaken for the Bingham School, or the Hillsborough Academy. It should not to be confused with another school operating under the name established in Mebane, North Carolina, in 1865. The Bingham School of Mebane split in 1891 after a disagreement between the brothers who owned the school, with the Robert Bingham School relocating to Asheville and the Mebane-based branch becoming known as the William Bingham School.
Notable alumni
Nelson Phillips (1873–1939), judge on the Supreme Court of Texas
Perry G. Wall II (1867–1944), businessman and mayor of Tampa, Florida
George Francis Willis (1880–1932), millionaire who made his fortune in patent medicines
References
Military schools in the United States
1826 establishments in North Carolina
Defunct schools in North Carolina
Abakan is the capital city of the Republic of Khakassia, Russia.
Abakan may also refer to:
Abakan Urban Okrug, a municipal formation which the City of Abakan in the Republic of Khakassia, Russia
Abakan River, a river in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia
Abakan International Airport, an airport in the Republic of Khakassia, Russia
Abakan-Avia, a Russian cargo airlines
Abakan Range, a Siberian mountain range in Russia
Abakan, alternative name of AN-94, a modern Russian assault rifle
Abakans, fiber sculptures of Polish artist, Magdalena Abakanowicz
Project Abakan, assault rifle selection trials held in Russia
NY Med is a medical documentary series which premiered on ABC on July 10, 2012. It follows the medical staff and patients of Columbia University Medical Center, Weill Cornell Medical Center, and Morgan Stanley Children's Hospital (all three a part of NewYork–Presbyterian Hospital in New York City) as well as NYU Lutheran Medical Center in Brooklyn, New York. The series is produced by ABC News. A second season of NY Med premiered on June 26, 2014, which also includes University Hospital in Newark, New Jersey and St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital.
Episodes
Season 1 (2012)
Season 2 (2014)
Critical reception
NY Med received "universal acclaim" based on an aggregate score of 84 out of 100 from six critics on Metacritic. Verne Gay of Newsday called the series "beautiful and moving," adding "NY Med brings it all home with power, beauty, insight and a degree of emotion that's an occasional sharp uppercut to the jaw." New York Magazines Matt Zoller Seitz said the series "is filled with warm, honest moments like this — some poignant, others comic — and characters who would be plenty compelling even if they didn't keep revealing surprising new sides." Mary McNamara of the Los Angeles Times called the series "surprisingly addictive", adding "NY Med appears less self-conscious about its medical pedigree than its predecessors, more willing to embrace the dramatic pacing and elasticities of television." The New York Times Mike Hale thought the series was "predictably absorbing" but added "NY Med and its predecessors have an interesting, though certainly unintentional, effect: The intense focus on the heroics of the nurses and doctors can make the patients look just as helpless and pathetic as we fear we will be when our day in the ward comes."
Patient privacy lawsuit
One episode of NY Med depicted the case of an elderly man, Mark Chanko, who arrived at NewYork–Presbyterian hospital after he was hit by a garbage truck. The episode showed Chanko's final moments as he died from his injuries. While his face was blurred, Chanko's widow was able to identify him when she watched the episode. The patient's family had not granted ABC or the hospital permission to film his treatment, and they were deeply upset by the episode. The family sued ABC and New York–Presbyterian Hospital for violating Mark Chanko's privacy. The case was dismissed by an appellate court. However, the family appealed and the NY judiciary felt there was sufficient reason to bring it before the state's highest appellate court. New York–Presbyterian agreed to a $2.2M settlement with the Department of Health and Human Services, Office for Civil Rights, who investigated this as a HIPAA violation. ABC removed the segment from the DVD version of the episode and from future broadcasts.
References
External links
2012 American television series debuts
2014 American television series endings
2010s American documentary television series
American Broadcasting Company original programming
2010s American television miniseries
English-language television shows
2010s American medical television series
Television shows set in New York City
Television shows filmed in New York City
Television shows filmed in New Jersey
Scyllatoxin (also leiurotoxin I) is a toxin, from the scorpion Leiurus quinquestriatus hebraeus, which blocks small-conductance Ca2+-activated K+ channels. It is named after Scylla, a sea monster from Greek mythology. Charybdotoxin is also found in the venom from the same species of scorpion, and is named after the sea monster Charybdis. In Greek mythology, Scylla and Charybdis lived on rocks on opposing sides of a narrow strait of water.
Sources
Scyllatoxin is one of the components of the venom of the Israeli scorpion ‘Leiurus quinquestriatus hebraeus'. It consists of only 0.02% of the total protein in crude venom.
Chemistry
Leiurotoxin I is a 31-residue peptide (sequence AFCNLRMCQLSCRSLGLLGKCIGDKCECVKH-NH2), with a helix and a short antiparallel β-sheet. This toxin is stabilized by disulfide bonds: Cys8-Cys26 and Cys12-Cys28 is bound to the β-sheet, while Cys3-Cys21 is bound to an N-terminal segment preceding the helix. Leiurotoxin adopts the ά/β motif. Especially the positively charged residues (Arg6 and Arg13, which are located in the ά helix) are important for the expression of toxin biological activities and for its receptor affinity.
Target
Scyllatoxin is a blocker of small-conductance Ca2+– activated K+ channels at 10−13–10−11 M concentrations in various cell types.
This toxin shows similarity in its physiological activity and binding specificity to apamin, but both toxins show no structural similarity.
Mode of action
Scyllatoxin blocks the slow after-hyperpolarization that follows an action potential in some nerve cells.
Toxicity
Scyllatoxin induces spontaneous contractions in guinea pig taenia coli muscle cells that have
been relaxed with epinephrine.
References
Neurotoxins
Ion channel toxins
Scorpion toxins
A space jellyfish (or jellyfish UFO; also rocket jellyfish) is a rocket launch-related phenomenon caused by sunlight reflecting off the high altitude rocket plume gases emitted by a launching rocket during morning or evening twilight. The observer is in darkness, while the exhaust plumes at high altitudes are still in direct sunlight. This luminous apparition is reminiscent of a jellyfish. Sightings of the phenomenon have led to panic, fear of nuclear missile strike, and reports of unidentified flying objects.
List of rocket launches causing space jellyfish
See also
Noctilucent cloud
Exhaust plume
Vapor trail
Twilight phenomenon
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
Associated Press, , 10 December 2009
News4JAX (WJXT4), , 6 May 2022
UFO-related phenomena
Atmospheric optical phenomena
Rocketry
Smoke
Stinson is an unincorporated community in Calhoun County, West Virginia, United States. It lies along West Virginia Route 16 and the West Fork Little Kanawha River, to the south of the town of Grantsville, the county seat of Calhoun County. Its elevation is 823 feet (251 m). At some point, Stinson possessed a post office, which has since been closed.
The Stinson-Mud Fork area was known as a wild and wooly area in the early 1900s and was the subject of a song by Appalachian fiddler Blind Ed Haley, "Don't Go Up Stinson After Dark."
In 2009, Stinson became the location of West Virginia's first Dedicated Appleseed Range (DAR). A DAR is a location where year round Revolutionary War Veterans Association (RWVA) events are held to instruct citizens in rifle marksmanship and American Heritage. This venue brings an influx of people from other parts of WV and surrounding states, which injects some welcome revenue and gives exposure to this under served area.
References
Unincorporated communities in Calhoun County, West Virginia
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
Battle of Buzancy was a battle of the Franco-Prussian War which took place on 27 August 1870 in Buzancy, France between the French Empire and the combined German forces of Prussia and Saxony. The midfield force of the 24th Brigade (under the command of Major General Friedrich Senfft von Pilsach ) of a division Saxon cavalry of the Maas Army of the Prussian army won a victory over the Cavalry Regiment. 12th Chasseur light infantry of the V Army of the French Empire under the command of General Pierre Louis Charles de Failly. Taken by surprise in this cavalry battle, the French formation was torn apart and almost completely annihilated. On the Prussian - German side, the captains of the two cavalry squadrons involved in the battle were wounded. The defeat at Buzancy forced the retreat of the French cavalry squadrons, and the Battle of Buzancy is arguably the most characteristic cavalry and artillery clash of the war.
Background
With fierce battles at Gravelotte on 18 October month 8 year 1870, the French forces of Marshal led by François Achille Bazaine has been pushed back to Metz. Received orders from the Paris, Marshal Patrice de Mac-Mahon, together with the Emperor Napoleon III of France, marched from Châlons via Reims and Rethel to the north, to proceed to Metz to rescue Bazaine which was falling under the siege of the Prussian army. Meanwhile, on 23 August, German armies began their march down Châlons. Despite this, on 24 August, the Army Headquarters of the Army, commanded by Prince Friedrich Wilhelm at Ligny, received word of the emptiness of the French barracks at Châlons, and by 25 August the situation remained. The picture clearly shows that MacMahon is bringing troops to rescue Bazaine. On 26 August 1870 Army Maas had discovered MacMahon's troops, and therefore all German armies were ordered to advance north with Army Maas on the left flank of the formation.
Battle
On the morning of 27 August the Saxony Cavalry Division – the supporting force of The XVII Corps, responsible for crossing the Meuse at Dun, convened its 24th Brigade at Landres. This cavalry brigade conducted a reconnaissance in a northwest direction towards Youziers and Buzancy, [4] and the midfield force of the 3rd Cavalry Regiment and a battery of the German cavalry batteries. , after reaching Remonville, went to Buzancy and discovered the 12th Chasseur Cavalry Regiment in the town. After the reconnaissance was completed, Von Pilsach realized that the French army was weak, so he ordered the midfielders to attack the enemy. The French cavalry was smashed and had to retreat to Buzancy. Despite fierce French resistance, the Germans were able to overrun the town. A fierce hand-to-hand battle broke out, and the larger French forces drove the Germans out of Buzancy. Even so, Captain Von Woldersdorf – the captain of the 1st cavalry division – which had already occupied a position east of Remonville – was correctly aware of the situation. He led his troops straight into a favorable position, and the game turned exactly as he predicted: his attack on the left flank of the French cavalry allowed the Germans to regroup, and the French cavalry - attacked from the front and flanks - was once again driven back into the town.
However, French carbines prevented the advance of the Saxons into the village, causing heavy damage to the Germans. The offensive position belonged to the French cavalry, and in this situation the German cavalry batteries opened fire strongly on the enemy which decided the battle to which the French were forced to flee in a frenzy.
Aftermath
The Battle of Buzancy demonstrated the failure of Mac-Mahon, and the Saxon Cavalry Division resumed its reconnaissance mission. On 30 August 1870 the main forces of the two sides clashed at the Battle of Beaumont. This was again a decisive defeat of the French army before the enemy army. The Battle of Buzancy demonstrated the effectiveness of cavalry artillery in combat. Although the French had the numerical advantage, the lack of artillery led to their defeat.
References
1870 in France
Buzancy
Buzancy
Buzancy
Buzancy
Buzancy
August 1870 events
Matthew Vollmer is an American writer, editor, and professor at Virginia Tech.
Life
Vollmer was born on May 25, 1974 in Andrews, North Carolina, where he was raised. He graduated with a BA in English from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1996. He holds an MA in English from North Carolina State University, which he received in 1998, and an MFA in fiction from the Iowa Writers' Workshop, which he received in 2006. Vollmer currently teaches at Virginia Tech as an Associate Professor of English.
Works
Vollmer is the author of four books. His most recent is Permanent Exhibit, a collection of short prose pieces which existed originally as social media status updates. He co-edited Fakes: An Anthology of Pseudo Interviews, Faux-Lectures, Quasi-Letters, “Found” Texts, and Other Fraudulent Artifacts and is the editor of A Book of Uncommon Prayer.
Vollmer's work has also been published widely in magazines, including Paris Review, Glimmer Train, The Sun, Virginia Quarterly Review, Epoch, Tin House, the Oxford American, Colorado Review, Gulf Coast, Ecotone, Hayden's Ferry Review, The Antioch Review, Willow Springs, DIAGRAM, Portland Review, Tampa Review, Passages North, PANK, New England Review, The Normal School, Confrontation, Salt Hill, Fugue, PRISM International, and New Letters.
Bibliography
Books
Future Missionaries of America, MacAdam/Cage; (2009) , Salt Modern Fiction; (2010)
Inscriptions for Headstones, Outpost 19; (2012)
Gateway to Paradise, Persea Books; (2015)
Permanent Exhibit, BOA Editions Ltd.; (2018)
Edited works
Fakes: An Anthology of Pseudo-Interview, Faux-Lectures, Quasi-Letters, “Found” Texts, and Other Fraudulent Artifacts, edited by David Shields and Matthew Vollmer, W. W. Norton; (2012)
A Book of Uncommon Prayer, Outpost19; (2015)
Awards and honors
2010 National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship
2013 Best American Essays
2015 Pushcart Prize
References
External links
Author website
National Endowment for the Arts page
Virginia Tech Faculty page
1974 births
21st-century American writers
21st-century American novelists
Writers from North Carolina
University of North Carolina alumni
North Carolina State University alumni
Iowa Writers' Workshop alumni
Virginia Tech faculty
Living people
Elephant is a 2020 American nature documentary film about elephants directed by Mark Linfield and Vanessa Berlowitz and narrated by Meghan, Duchess of Sussex. It is the fifteenth nature documentary to be released under the Disneynature label. The film was released alongside Dolphin Reef as a Disney+ exclusive on April 3, 2020.
Plot
In The Kalahari Desert in Southern Africa, many African elephants prepare to migrate from their home to a grassy paradise.
The Herd is led by their great matriarch Gaia and her younger sister Shani, who has helped keep their family safe. Shani has also been raising her spirited son Jomo, a very energetic young elephant who just wants to play with the other animals, such as lechwes and baboons.
When the land is about to dry up, Gaia leads the elephants to an almost dry waterhole to enjoy the mud before leaving the desert. They are soon joined by other elephants who visit, play, and drink from the water. When the water dries up, Gaia notices a baby elephant suffocating and stuck in the mud, so she goes to its rescue, and the baby is reunited with its mother.
The herd leaves the desert to join the other elephants on the long journey, they take a lunch break to have a family reunion with other herds of elephants, with some not seeing Gaia for over a year. Jomo starts making new friends with the other baby elephants, and for ages, Shani reunites with many of her long-lost cousins. Gaia's herd and other herds of elephants have no luck trying to find food, but a male elephant (who is visiting his family) uses his trunk to drop a bunch of seedpods from trees. Everyone munches happily.
Gaia's herd comes across ancient paths that their ancestors created when they migrated. When they've reached a dry waterhole, they noticed an elephant skeleton. Shani shows a confused Jomo a life lesson. The herd moves on and finds another waterhole (this time with water). As the elephants drink, Jomo plays with a group of warthogs. The water is ruined by its previous visitors, so the elephants munch on Mopani trees but are chased off by caterpillars eating the entire trees.
The Herd continues their journey to a small little island. There is no water for them to drink, but Gaia leads her herd to Baobab trees which they could drink water from its sap. Shani teaches the young elephants how to get sap by ripping the thick bark. The Herd rests on the island for the night.
Continuing their journey, the Herd trudges through sandstorms. Shani and Gaia sense the ground trembling, which meant a river close by, but they are despaired when they reach the river. It is far below the cliffs where the elephants are, but thanks to the help of a flock of Quelea birds, the herd makes their way to Victoria Falls, the place that Gaia has been searching for. The Herd happily drinks but are soon confronted by crocodiles. Luckily no one was hurt when they crossed the river. They reach the islands, and The Herd enjoys their times in Victoria Falls and even munch on palm nuts.
Meanwhile, in the highlands of Angola, rain starts to pour, which means the water is going off to the Okavango Delta, Shani and Jomo's home.
Soon after, Gaia starts to get tired and weak and finds the food hard to eat. She and The Herd start making their way back to Okavango. Shani helps Gaia gather the herd, with Jomo by their side. Gaia realizes that the Angolan falls are early, and she and Shani immediately gather the herd to use the shortest route, but they soon find themselves confronted by a pride of lions. As the elephants settle in for the night, the lions attack Jomo, but he is saved by Shani. But by morning, Gaia dies, with the herd sharing a mournful goodbye to their matriarch, while the lions share their feast. Shani finds her leadership to the other elephants difficult. A week later, an elephant gives birth to a newborn baby calf. Jomo is unimpressed, but soon lets go of being the baby of the family and warms up to his new playmate.
Shani soon uses Gaia's memories and begins to lead the herd back to the Delta. They are soon confronted by a rival herd of elephants, who are going after the newborn calf. Shani stands her ground at the rival matriarch, and the rivals retreat. They make their way home to Okavango, where the land is bursting back to life. The Herd soon accepts Shani as the new matriarch, while Jomo teaches the newborn calf how to play with the other animals.
Release
Elephant premiered on April 3, 2020, on Disney+.
Reception
Critical response
On the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of , based on reviews, with an average rating of . The website's consensus reads, "Disneynature: Elephant adds to the studio's tradition of kid-focused, beautifully photographed nature documentaries that are just engaging enough for parents." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 61 out of 100, based on 11 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Richard Lawson of VanityFair praised the movie for its advocation for the protection and preservation of the environment and wildlife, and complimented Meghan Markle's performance, stating "It's a solid nature movie, not quite factual enough to be a true work of scientific observation, but engaging and persuasively conservationist in its subtle way. But the real showcase here is Ms. Markle, of course." Jennifer Green of Common Sense Media rated the movie 4 out of 5 stars and wrote: "Elephant is appropriate for all ages, but some viewers may find it a little slow-going. The filmmakers confront that by introducing new dangers for the elephants, creating moments of suspense throughout the film. These scenes include possible drowning, predators like lions and hyenas, a baby elephant with his head stuck in the mud, and more. Some could be scary/upsetting for certain viewers, especially when the youngest elephants are put at risk. But the elephants always come through the scares intact until near the end of the film, when one matriarch dies of old age. It's a tender scene as the herd gathers around her and feels for her last breath with their trunks, covering her eyes with her ear when she's finally gone. Some viewers, though, may feel uneasy knowing that her body will likely be attacked by surrounding lions as soon as the herd moves on. Likewise, narrator Meghan Markle makes clear that while this herd has survived its perilous journey, not all do." Kate Erbland of IndieWire graded the movie B+ and acclaimed Markle's voiceover work, explaining it manages to balance between providing amusement and education to the audience, while praising the film for its photography and educational value. Peter Bradshaw of The Guardian rated the film 3 out of 5 stars and praised the direction of the movie, claiming it manages to provide immersive scenes and explore the intimacy of wildlife, while giving a positive take on Markle's performance.
Accolades
References
External links
2020 films
American documentary films
Disneynature films
Disney+ original films
Films directed by Mark Linfield
Films scored by Ramin Djawadi
Films set in Africa
Documentary films about elephants
2020 documentary films
2020s English-language films
Films about elephants
2020s American films
Rogers Glacier () is a broad glacier entering the eastern side of Amery Ice Shelf close northward of McKaskle Hills. Delineated in 1952 by John H. Roscoe from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump (1946–47), and named by him for Lieutenant Commander William J. Rogers, Jr., U.S. Navy, plane commander of one of the three air crews during Operation Highjump which took air photos of the coastal areas between 14 and 164 East longitude.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
References
Glaciers of Ingrid Christensen Coast
Milan Jović (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Јовић; born 16 October 1975) is a retired Serbian professional footballer.
He played for several clubs in Serbia, namely FK Partizan, Sartid 1913 and FK Vojvodina, before moving to Russia. He made his debut in the Russian Premier League in 2000 for FC Spartak Moscow.
Honours
Russian Premier League champion: 2000.
References
1975 births
Sportspeople from Valjevo
Living people
Serbian footballers
FK Partizan players
FK Smederevo players
FK Vojvodina players
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk players
FC Rostov players
FC Saturn Ramenskoye players
Russian Premier League players
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Association football midfielders
is a train station in the city of Kurashiki, Okayama Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
Ibara Railway
Ibara Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|Ibara Railway
Railway stations in Okayama Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1999
Honduras competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. Ten competitors, seven men and three women, took part in 25 events in 4 sports.
Athletics
Men's 100 metres
Jaime Zelaya
Heat — 11.02 (→ did not advance)
Men's 5,000 metres
Polin Belisle
Heat — did not start (→ did not advance)
Men's Triple Jump
Luis Flores
Qualification — 15.08 m (→ did not advance)
Men's Decathlon
Jorge Maradiaga
100 metres — 11.75
Long jump — 6.18
Shot put — 9.54
High jump — 1.70
400 metres — 54.81
110m hurdles — 16.20
Discus throw — 30.26
Pole vault — 4.00
Javelin throw — 42.46
1,500 metres — 5:04.10
Final Standings — 5.746 (→ 28 place)
Fencing
One female fencer represented Honduras in 1992.
Women's foil
Elvia Reyes
Swimming
Plutarco Castellanos
Salvador Jiménez
Ana Fortin
Claudia Fortin
Weightlifting
Osman Manzanares
See also
Honduras at the 1991 Pan American Games
Honduras at the 1993 Central American and Caribbean Games
References
External links
Official Olympic Reports
Nations at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympics
1992
François Lefebvre de Caumartin or Jean François Paul Lefèvre de Caumartin (16 December 1668 in Châlons-en-Champagne – 30 August 1733 in Blois) was a French bishop.
He was elected member of the Académie Française in 1694 and member of the Académie des inscriptions et belles-lettres in 1701.
External links
Académie française
Members of the Académie Française
Bishops of Vannes
Members of the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres
1668 births
1733 deaths
Juventus Football Club first participated in a Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) competition in 1958. The first international cup in which the club took part since the advent of professionalism in Italy was the Central European Cup, an inter-association tournament where the Old Lady made its debut in 1929. That competition lasted from 1927 to 1940 and the club reached the semi-finals in five editions. From 1938 to the Torneio Internacional de Clubes Campeões in 1951, in which they gained the final, Juventus did not participate in any international championships. After the establishing of UEFA in 1954 and the creation of its first own club competitions since the following year, they have competed, as of 2022, in six out of the seven confederation tournaments. After its triumph in 1985 Intercontinental Cup, the club obtained its first world champion title and contemporaneously claimed the title at least once in each of then five international competitions, making the Turinese club the first and only one worldwide in reach that achievement, which was revalidated after winning the UEFA Intertoto Cup fourteen years later and remained in force until the first Europa Conference League final played in 2022.
One of the most titled clubs in the sport, Juventus is Italy's second most successful team in European competitions, sixth at continental level and twelfth with the most official international trophies won in the world, having won eleven official tournaments: the UEFA Champions League (formerly known as the European Champions' Cup) twice, European Cup Winners' Cup once, the UEFA Europa League (formerly known as the UEFA Cup) thrice, the UEFA Intertoto Cup once, the UEFA Super Cup twice and the Intercontinental Cup twice; being a finalist on nine occasions (seven in European Champions' Cup and Champions League, one in UEFA Cup and one in Intercontinental Cup), occuping the fourth position in the all-time UEFA competitions ranking, and having obtained the highest coefficient score during seven seasons since its introduction in 1979, the most for an Italian team in both. Based to these results, Juventus was recognised as Italy's best club and second in Europe of the 20th century according to the perpetual classify published in 2009 by the International Federation of Football History and Statistics (IFFHS), an organisation recognised by FIFA.
Qualification for international competitions is determined by a team's success in its national league and cup competitions from the previous season. Juventus competed at that level for 28 consecutive seasons since 1963 to 1991 (20 consecutive seasons in UEFA competitions since 1971 to 1991), more than other Italian club, winning six titles and gaining the final 11 times during that period.
Giovanni Trapattoni is the club's most successful manager at international stage, with six trophies. During his first spell in the club between the 1970s and 1980s, Juventus became the first and only Italian side to win an international competition without foreigner footballers, the first club in the history of European football to have won all three seasonal tournaments organised by the Union of European Football Associations, being also the only one to reach it with the same coach spell, and the first European club to win the Intercontinental Cup, in 1985, since it was restructured by the European confederation and Confederación Sudamericana de Fútbol (CONMEBOL)'s organizing committee five years beforehand; being awarded with The UEFA Plaque by the confederation's president Jacques Georges on 12 July 1988 at Geneva, Switzerland.
Juventus' biggest-margin win in UEFA club competitions is a 7–0 victory over Lechia Gdańsk in the 1983–84 European Cup Winners' Cup, Valur in the 1986–87 European Champions' Cup and Olympiacos in the 2003–04 UEFA Champions League. Alessandro Del Piero holds the club record for the most appearances (130) and goals scored on that stage (54).
UEFA-organised seasonal competitions
Juventus' score listed first.
European Cup and Champions League
European Cup Winners' Cup
UEFA Cup and Europa League
UEFA Intertoto Cup
European Super Cup and UEFA Super Cup
UEFA-CONMEBOL competitions
Intercontinental Cup
Non-UEFA organised seasonal competitions
Inter-Cities Fairs Cup
Non-UEFA organised summer competitions
Central European Cup/Mitropa Cup
1 The match was abandoned with Juventus leading 2–0 after the crowd, enraged Slavia had conceded two quick goals in the match and resorted to obstruction and time wasting, threw stones onto the pitch. After a stone hit and seriously injured Slavia goalkeeper František Plánička, Slavia's team walked off; both teams' fans invaded the pitch in response, leaving Slavia pinned in their dressing rooms for hours while 1,500 soldiers and policemen formed a cordon. Slavia Prague and Juventus were both ejected from the competition.
Latin Cup
Overall record
By competition
As of 14 September 2022.
UEFA competitions include European Champions' Cup and Champions League, UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, UEFA Cup and Europa League, UEFA Intertoto Cup, UEFA Super Cup and Intercontinental Cup.
Source: UEFA.comPld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal Difference.
UEFA club competitions all-time ranking (since 1955): 4th place (Italian record)
UEFA coefficient most top-ranked club by 5-year period (since 1975–1979): 7 times (Italian record)
By club
As of 14 September 2022
By country
As of 14 September 2022.
Key
See also
Italian football clubs in international competitions
List of UEFA club competition winners
List of world champion football clubs
UEFA club competition records and statistics
References
Europe
Italian football clubs in international competitions
Sam Houston Andrew III (December 18, 1941 – February 12, 2015) was an American musician, singer, songwriter, composer, artist and founding member and guitarist of Big Brother and the Holding Company. During his career as musician and composer, Andrew had three platinum albums and two hit singles. His songs have been used in numerous major motion picture soundtracks and documentaries.
Music career
Andrew was born in Taft, California. As the son of a military father, Andrew moved a great deal as a child. He developed a skill for music at a very early age. By the time he was seventeen living in Okinawa, he already had his own band, called the "Cool Notes", and his own weekly TV show, an Okinawan version of American Bandstand. His early influences were Chuck Berry, Bo Diddley and Little Richard. He also listened to a great deal of Delta blues. His brother Leland Andrew frequently stated his brother was the "Benny Goodman of Japan".
Shortly after he graduated from high school, his father was transferred to Hamilton Air Force Base in northern California. It was during this period that he started attending classes at the University of San Francisco, becoming involved with the San Francisco folk music scene of the early 1960s. However it was not until he returned from a two-year stay in Europe, over a year in Paris and almost a year in Germany, that he met Peter Albin at 1090-Page Street.
As Big Brother and the Holding Company began to gel, Andrew brought many songs into the band. He has been a prolific songwriter all of his life, penning his first tune at the age of six. Of his early compositions, "Call on Me" and "Combination of the Two" have been two of Big Brother's most enduring classic tracks. Until his illness in early 2015 Andrew continued in his original role as the musical director of the band.
Janis Joplin was recruited by band manager Chet Helms to join Big Brother as lead singer on June 4, 1966. They soon landed a record contract, issuing their first album on Mainstream and their second – a top seller – on Columbia Records.
Andrew and original bandmate James Gurley were known for their searing, psychedelic guitar work. In February 1997, Guitar Player magazine listed Andrew's and Gurley's work on "Summertime" as one of the top ten psychedelic solos in music history. On September 11, 2001, Andrew was to be presented with a High Times magazine Life Time Achievement award. That day his flight to New York City was canceled, and instead he received the award the next year.
In December 1968, Andrew and Joplin left Big Brother and the Holding Company to form the Kozmic Blues Band. After about nine months and one album, I Got Dem Ol' Kozmic Blues Again Mama!, Andrew returned to Big Brother.
After Big Brother stopped performing in 1972, he moved to New York City, where he studied harmony and counterpoint at the New School for Social Research and composition at Mannes School of Music. During this period he also scored several films in the US and Canada as well as writing two string quartets and a symphony. He remained in New York City for eight years before returning to San Francisco, where he began playing clarinet and saxophone. Big Brother and the Holding Company reunited in 1987.
During the 1990s, in addition to touring with Big Brother, Andrew was involved with his solo project, The Sam Andrew Band. It toured across North America, and the spoken word quartet Theatre of Light, that besides Andrew, featured The Vagabond Poet, Tony Seldin, keyboardist Tom Constanten and harpist-pianist Elise Piliwale. He also played several dates with the band Moby Grape and more recently with the band the Former Members featuring Greg Douglass, Roy Blumenfeld, David Bennett – Cohen and Bruce Barthol.
On October 16, 1992 Andrew made a personal appearance at the Pike St. Cinema, playing guitar, singing, and telling tales.
On February 20, 1993 he performed with a group including Tom McFarland, Fat James and Guitar Slim in Occidental Park, in Seattle.
Andrew was the Music Director of the musical Love, Janis, based on the life of Janis Joplin, written and directed by Randal Myler and based on the book by Laura Joplin of the same name. He also performed at the 40th Anniversary of Woodstock Concert on August 15, 2009, at Bethel Woods, New York.
Personal life and death
Andrew lived in northern California with his wife Elise Piliwale. He had one daughter, Mari Andrew, from his marriage to Suzanne Thorson. He died in San Francisco, California on February 12, 2015, following complications from open-heart surgery due to a heart attack suffered ten weeks prior.
References
1941 births
2015 deaths
People from Taft, California
American rock guitarists
American blues guitarists
American male guitarists
American male singer-songwriters
American rock songwriters
American rock singers
20th-century American composers
Singer-songwriters from California
Big Brother and the Holding Company members
Guitarists from California
20th-century American guitarists
20th-century American male musicians
Valter Butte () is an ice-free butte on the east side of Schytt Glacier, about 5 nautical miles (9 km) west-northwest of Mount Schumacher in Queen Maud Land. It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and named for Stig Valter Schytt, second in command and glaciologist with the expedition.
Buttes of Antarctica
Landforms of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Osasere Orumwense (born June 20, 1954) is a Nigerian academic, author and professor of mechanical engineering. He was the ninth substantive vice-chancellor of the University of Benin, Nigeria.
References
Nigerian engineers
1954 births
Living people
Auchi Polytechnic alumni
Alumni of Staffordshire University
Alumni of the University of Leeds
University of Benin (Nigeria) faculty
Immagine in Cornice, Italian for "picture in a frame", is a live concert film documenting the 2006 five-concert tour of Italy by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam. It was released on September 25, 2007.
Overview
The film documents Pearl Jam on its 2006 World Tour. It was directed by renowned photographer Danny Clinch. The film includes behind-the-scenes footage as well as performances from the band's shows in Bologna, Verona, Milan, Torino and Pistoia, Italy. It was shot in various formats, ranging from Super-8 to high definition. Immagine in Cornice has been certified gold by the RIAA.
Track listing
Information taken from various sources.
"Severed Hand"
9/17/06, Forum, Milan, Italy
"World Wide Suicide"
Mixed from 9/14/06, PalaMalaguti, Bologna, Italy, 9/16/06, Arena di Verona, Verona, Italy, 9/17/06, Forum, Milan, Italy, 9/19/06, Palaisozaki, Torino, Italy, and 9/20/06, Duomo Square, Pistoia, Italy
"Life Wasted"
9/19/06, Palaisozaki, Turin, Italy
"Corduroy"
9/16/06, Arena di Verona, Verona, Italy
"State of Love and Trust"
9/17/06, Mediolanum Forum, Milan, Italy
"Porch"
9/16/06, Arena di Verona, Verona, Italy
"Even Flow"
9/19/06, Palaisozaki, Turin, Italy
"Better Man"
9/16/06, Arena di Verona, Verona, Italy
"Alive"
9/17/06, Mediolanum Forum, Milan, Italy
"Blood"
9/16/06, Arena di Verona, Verona, Italy
"Comatose"
9/20/06, Duomo Square, Pistoia, Italy
"Come Back"
9/20/06, Duomo Square, Pistoia, Italy
"Rockin' in the Free World"
9/20/06, Duomo Square, Pistoia, Italy
The end credits are set to "Love Boat Captain" taken from 9/16/06, Arena di Verona, Verona, Italy.
Bonus songs
"A Quick One, While He's Away" (9/19/06, Palaisozaki, Turin, Italy, with My Morning Jacket)
"Throw Your Arms Around Me" (9/20/06, Duomo Square, Pistoia, Italy)
"Yellow Ledbetter" (9/17/06, Mediolanum Forum, Milan, Italy)
Personnel
Pearl Jam
Jeff Ament – bass guitar, vocals on "Rockin' in the Free World"
Matt Cameron – drums, vocals on "Life Wasted", "Severed Hand" and "World Wide Suicide"
Stone Gossard – guitars, vocals on "Better Man" and "Rockin' in the Free World"
Mike McCready – guitars
Eddie Vedder – vocals, guitars
Additional musician and production
John Burton – recording
Danny Clinch – direction
Brett Eliason – mixing
Boom Gaspar – Hammond B3, Fender Rhodes
Lindha Narvaez – production
Chart positions
References
External links
Immagine in Cornice information at pearljam.com
Trailer for Immagine in Cornice on Rhino Records' homepage
Rockumentaries
Pearl Jam video albums
Pearl Jam live albums
Live video albums
2007 video albums
2007 live albums
František Filip (26 December 1930 – 9 January 2021) was a Czech film and television director.
Biography
During his studies at the Film and TV School of the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague in the 1950s, he filmed his first documentary film. After graduation, he joined Czechoslovak Television in 1954, where he remained until his retirement. However; even after retirement he still continued to work in television. During the span of his career, he directed about 600 film and television programs of various genres for viewers of all ages. In 2017, he was awarded the Thalia Award.
Death
Filip died on 9 January 2021 at the age of 90 from COVID-19 in Prague during the COVID-19 pandemic in the Czech Republic.
Filmography
Television series
1960 Jak šel Ferda do světa (puppet series for children)
1962 Tři chlapi v chalupě
1966 Eliška a její rod
1968 Sňatky z rozumu
1971 F. L. Věk
1974 Byl jednou jeden dům
1975 Chalupáři
1982 Dobrá Voda
1984 Rozpaky kuchaře Svatopluka
1986 Zlá krev
1988 Cirkus Humberto
1990 Přísahám a slibuji
1992 Náhrdelník
2000 Pra pra pra
Musical works
1978 Polská krev
1981 Prodaná nevěsta
1983 Netopýr
Other television productions
1962 Kočár nejsvětější svátosti
1967 Lucerna
1971 Kat nepočká
1975 Lístek do památníku
1976 Podnájemníci
1977 Ikarův pád
1977 Paličova dcera
1980 Nezralé maliny
1980 Scapinova šibalství
1980 Utopím si ho sám
1983 Tažní práci
1995 Den, kdy unesli papeže
Film
1964 Příběh dušičkový
1966 Hrdina má strach
1967 Utrpení mladého Boháčka
1969 Odvážná slečna
1993 Jedna kočka za druhou
1999 Nebát se a nakrást
References
External links
1930 births
2021 deaths
People from Písek
Czech film directors
Recipients of the Thalia Award
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in the Czech Republic
Recipients of Medal of Merit (Czech Republic)
Princess Maker 5 is the fifth game from the main Princess Maker series originally released for Microsoft Windows in 2007. A PlayStation 2 versions of the game followed in 2008. That version includes various Gainax references, such as the use of Neon Genesis Evangelion and Gurren Lagann costumes. A PlayStation Portable version was also released in 2008.
Gameplay
It has several differences from previous titles in the series. The environment has become a modern setting presumably in a fictitious city somewhere in Japan, and instead of being only able to take on the role of a father, the player can now play as a mother or a father.
The gameplay has received several major changes as well, including changes to the scheduling of her courses/work, which no longer follows the monthly timeline but follows a more lengthy weekly timeline. More detailed choices are available on how lenient you are on her diet, curfew, allowance and her disposition towards school, people around her, and how she should think. RPG elements have been implemented as well, though nowhere as intensively as Princess Maker 2, the player can now let his/her daughter go explore in the worlds that are parallel to her own.
The player in this game is a retired hero of a human realm parallel to the modern world. The daughter is a girl from a royal heritage, and one of many candidates to assume the role of princess. However, following the assassinations of the other candidates, she became the target as well. Her entire family is killed during the attempt on her life. As her protector, Cube saved the player's daughter and requested the player to take care of the daughter until she reaches the age of 18. So the journey of parenthood unfolds with Cube's help.
2007 video games
Bishōjo games
Fantasy video games
Gainax
PlayStation 2 games
PlayStation Portable games
Raising sims
Video game sequels
Video games developed in Japan
Video games featuring female protagonists
Video games featuring non-playable protagonists
Windows games
ja:プリンセスメーカー5
Naranath Branthan (The madman of Naranam) is a character in Malayalam folklore. He was considered to be a divine person, a Mukhta who pretended to be mad. His chief activity consisted of rolling a big stone up a hill and then letting it fall back down. There is a large statue of Naranath in Pattambi, Palakkad district of Kerala where he is believed to have lived.
Naranathu was born as the son of Vararuchi, the famous astrologer who adorned the court of Vikrama. Naranathu was one among the twelve offspring or the Parayi Petta Panthirukulam(12 children born from the Pariah woman), of Vararuchi and was brought up in the Naranathu Mangalathu Mana, situated at Chethallur in Palakkad. Naranthu came to Thiruvegappura for mastering 'Vedas'. Thiruvegappura and the nearby Rayiranelloor Mountain, which is known as 'Branthachalam', became his usual abode. Due to his strange behaviour and odd activities, people perceived him as 'mad'. At Rayiranellor Mountain he had the vision of the Devi (Goddess), and later for the benevolence of the people he enshrined Devi in the Mountain and started his worship there. No clear descriptions have yet been received of Naranath's last days.
The most famous facet of Naranath's life is his apparently eccentric habit of rolling big stones up the hill and letting them roll down back and laughing thunderously on seeing this sight. However, this act has been often considered allegorical and has been applied for social critiquing for myriad contexts.
The Naranathu Branthan Mala (hill) is located at Rayiranelloor in Palakkad district on the Valanchery - Pattambi road after Thiruvegappura Shiv temple. It takes 1.5 hours to climb the hill. Many climb the hill during the 1st of Thulam (mid-October). On top, there is a statue of Naranathu Branthan. The nearest railhead is Kuttipuram in Malappuram district on the Shornur - Kozhikode route.
Stories of Naranath Bhranthan
Story of Sri Rama Temple at Thriprayar
One day Naranathu came to worship at the temple of Triprayar. He was surprised to see the movement of the altar stone, yet fathomed the reason through his yogic powers. He called the temple Tantri and had a nail driven on the stone, chanting mantras. The movement stopped forthwith. The portion where the nail was thrust can be seen even today.
In order to prevent any decline in the power of the idol on account of the change in its location, Naranathu also arranged to install two goddesses on either side of the deity: Sri Devi on the right and Bhumi Devi on the left.
Story of Naranath Bhranthan and Bhadrakali
Another of the popular stories which are associated with Naranath goes as follows.
The deity or the female goddess bhadrakaali ( as in the story of Kalidasa) goes out of the temple,
She performs a dance called chutalanritha, accompanied by some of her assistants.
Once Goddess Bhadrakali went to a graveyard and saw Naranath sleeping there.
They had to perform that dance so the goddess sent her accomplices to scare him off that spot. Her accomplices tried to scare him with their most terrifying faces, but after seeing them he began laughing.
So the goddess herself appeared before him and offered to grant boons to him in return for him leaving the ground. But Naranath declined to accept the offer. But the goddess persuaded him to ask something for her satisfaction. He then asked the Goddess to make his lifespan increase by one day. The goddess told him that she didn't have the power to do so. Then he asked her to decrease his lifespan by one day. The goddess was unable to grant that too. Laughing at this, Naranath asked the Goddess to shift the swelling Manth(Malayalam) from his left leg to right leg, which the goddess readily did.
In yet another story a man wanted Naranath to be his Guru and followed him. As a good disciple, he wished to do everything his Guru did. Naranath told him to go away but the disciple stuck on. After walking for long their mouths were parched and there was no water source nearby. Naranath spotted a blacksmith and asked him to give him molten metal to drink, and he drank it. The disciple was sure that he himself couldn't do it. And Naranath told him to go away.
Story of Naranath Bhranthan and Ambalappuzha Sri Krishna Temple
The swayambhu idol of Lord Sri Krishna installed in Ambalappuzha Sri Krishna Swami Temple, Ambalappuzha, in Alappuzha District of Kerala is said to be installed by Naranathu Bhranthan. The story goes like this: The swayambhu idol of Sri Krishna was installed by some other Brahman initially and the temple poojas used to go on as usual for only a few days. Each day for nirmalyam the melshanthi, the chief priest of the temple used to open the nada (the door of sanctum sanctorum) with fear in mind if the idol would be intact or if he would see it fallen. Once found fallen reinstallation would be conducted after a ritual. Frustrated with the repeated incidence the temple authorities decided to know the reason behind it and conducted a devaprashnam before reinstallation and in the devaprashnam it was observed that only Naranathu Bhranthan could install the idol permanently. The authorities sought for him and got him through with half mind because he was always in dirty upkeep and attire and chewing pan. As it came up in devaprashnam they had no option. Naranathu too tried to fix the idol on the platform but each time it used to fall off. When it happened over and over again and meanwhile his mouth was full of pan spit he spat into the slot on the platform and uttered, ‘irikkeda pulayadimone avide' meaning: ‘sit there you, son of a pulayi' and the idol got fixed. The slot full of betel leaf (taamboolam) spit spilled over the slot and hence the place got the name ‘Taamboolappuzha' which later got distorted to ‘Ambalappuzha'. It is believed that there was no change in the installation after that and this also confirms that Naranathu was an incarnation of Lord Vishnu.
Pranthan Kunnu village
Pranthan Kunnu or Branthan Kunnu is a small village between Karimbam and Taliparamba in Kannur district of Kerala, India. This village is located on the back side of Sir Syed College, Taliparamba. The etymology of the village name is based upon the vast emptiness of the area in ancient times when foxes used to roam and cry giving the place an odd reputation.
Contemporary Literature
Naranath Branthan is the title character of an acclaimed poem by V. Madhusoodhanan Nair.
See also
Parayi petta panthirukulam
Sisyphus, a similar character
References
External links
A tribute to Naranath and Branthachalam Temple at Kaippuram
Story of Naranath Branthan
Bhagavathi Temple situated near Naranathu Branthachalam Temple
Culture of Kerala
Characters in Hindu mythology
Kerala society
Kerala folklore
is a Tenman-gū Shinto shrine located in Osaka, Osaka prefecture, Japan.
The enshrined divinities are:
, 52nd emperor of Japan, worshipped as
Sugawara no Michizane, scholar, poet and politician of the Heian Period, worshipped as , Kami of academics, scholarship and learning
in the Ha Shrine undershrine, Kami of food and agriculture, often identified with
in the Hakuryū Shrine undershrine, god of dragons and white snakes, and guardian god of houses, shrines and land.
in the Hakyrū Shrine undershrine, Kami of Misogi, strength and guidance.
Inside of shrine perimeter
Kitano Inari Shrine (喜多埜稲荷神社)
Hakuyrū Shrine (白龍社)
Outside of shrine perimeter
Ha Shrine (歯神社)
Gallery
See also
List of Shinto shrines in Japan
References
External links
Shinto Administration webpage for Tsunashiki Tenjin Shrine
Shrine website
Shinto shrines in Japan
Tenjin faith
The following lists events that happened during 2016 in Ethiopia.
Incumbents
President: Mulatu Teshome
Prime Minister: Hailemariam Desalegn
Events
April
April 6 - Seasonal rains come early to the country, causing floods, leaving at least 28 people dead.
April 16 - Ethiopia claims that South Sudanese men killed at least 140 people across the border.
June
June 13 - Ethiopia and Eritrea argue over who caused a recent border clash between the two nations.
August
August 5 - Student protests erupt in Addis Ababa and quickly spread across the country.
August 8 - Over 50 protesters are killed by security forces over the past few days. Internet and journalist access is also restricted by the government.
September
September 5 - 23 prisoners are killed in a fire and stampede at the Kaliti Prison near the capital of Addis Ababa during an attempted prison break.
October
October 2 - Police allegedly attack Oromo protesters at a religious festival in Bishoftu, causing a stampede that killed 52 people.
October 5 - The railway line with Djibouti opens. However, an American woman is killed during protests.
October 9 - A state of emergency is declared following months of protests against the government.
October 10 - Ethiopia blames Egypt and Eritrea for the recent unrest in the country.
October 20 - A government minister reveals that over 1600 people have been detained following the state of emergency.
November
November 24 - 20 aircraft pilots are detained in Ethiopia's Gambela region after "illegally" arriving from Sudan.
December
December 1 - After arriving back from a trip to Europe, Merera Gudina, an opposition leader, is detained for allegedly violating the state of emergency.
References
2010s in Ethiopia
Years of the 21st century in Ethiopia
Ethiopia
Ethiopia
Desisa celebensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1959.
References
Desisa
Beetles described in 1959
Royden Rabinowitch, (born March 6, 1943) is a Canadian post-minimalist sculptor who exhibits internationally. Some critics consider him one of the pioneers of modern sculpture. Rabinowitch was elected Visiting Associate 1983/84; Visiting Fellow 1984/85 and Life Member 1986 of Clare Hall, Cambridge University. In 2002, he was appointed Officer of the Order of Canada (OC). He lives and works in Ghent, Cambridge, UK, and Waterloo, Ontario.
Career
Rabinowitch was born in Toronto, Ontario, and is the cerebral, reclusive twin brother of sculptor David Rabinowitch. He studied at the University of Western Ontario, London, and briefly at the Ontario College of Art, Toronto. After beginning his career in Toronto in the early 1960s, he moved to London, Ontario. He moved to New York City in 1974.
His first solo show in New York was in 1978 at the John Weber Gallery. In Europe, he was represented by Peter Pakesch in Vienna. His first European retrospective at the Städtisches Museum Abteiberg, Mönchengladbach, in 1985, was curated by Johannes Cladders. He has shown widely in Europe including solo shows at Kunstmuseum, Bern; Wiener Secession, Vienna; Gemeentemuseum, Den Haag; Museum Sztuki, Lodz; Stedelijk Museum, Amsterdam; and Musée d'art Moderne et Contemporain, Geneva,among many others.
Because he saw the art scene as mostly compromised by the ethos of advertising, he largely retreated to Cambridge, only occasionally showing with curators such as Wiesław Borowski, Rudi Fuchs, Jan Hoet, and Harald Szeemann.
In the 1980s Rabinowitch started to construct works that were seen, by chance, to relate to particular public places. These constructions, listed chronologically, are: Judgment on the Keplerian Revolution (Furkapasshöhe, Swiss Alps), Newton on Top of Aristotle (Sarabhai Retreat, Ahmedabad, India), Éloges de Fontenelle (Toronto Convention Centre), Leibniz and Newton (Neue Nationalgalerie Platz, Berlin), Tyco and Jepp (Kornwestheim Bahnhof), Judgment of Newton's Principle of Inertia (John's Castle, Limerick), Galileo's Judgment on Ptolemy and Copernicus (WATARI-UM, Tokyo), Judgment on the Copernican Revolution (chosen by Berlin Mitte for Leipziger Platz), and Bell for Kepler (Sesquicentennial Plaza, Waterloo, Ontario).
Works by Royden Rabinowitch are in museum collections worldwide including the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York; Centre Pompidou, Paris; Tate Modern, London; Stedelijk Museum, Amsterdam; Watari Museum of Contemporary Art, Tokyo; Neue Nationalgalerie, Berlin; Kunsthaus Zürich; MAMCO, Geneva; National Gallery of Australia, Canberra; Rupf Foundation, Kunstmuseum Bern; Fitzwilliam Museum, Cambridge; and Moderna Museet, Stockholm.
In late 2014, the largest private collection of Rabinowitch's work, which is situated in the Hooft Collection in Ghent, Belgium, was opened to the public.
Rabinowitch received the Victor Martyn Lynch-Staunton Award from the Canada Council in 1985. In 2002, he was appointed an Officer of the Order of Canada (OC). That same year, he received Queen Elizabeth II's Gold Jubilee Medal.
In 2012, he was honored in Canada with a Governor General's Award for excellence in visual and media arts, which recognized his nearly-50-year career as a sculptor. Also in 2012, he received Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee Medal.
References
1943 births
Living people
Artists from Toronto
Canadian sculptors
Jewish Canadian artists
Officers of the Order of Canada
Twin people from Canada
Canadian contemporary artists
Governor General's Award in Visual and Media Arts winners
Jeunesse Sportive Groupe Bazano is a Congolese football club based in Lubumbashi, Haut-Katanga province. Founded in 2013, they currently play in the DR Congo top domestic league Linafoot. 35,000-capacity Stade Frederic Kibassa Maliba is their home venue.
References
External links
Soccerway
Club logo
Football clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Football clubs in Lubumbashi
Karl Ferris (born 1948) is an English music photographer/designer. He worked on album covers for Eric Clapton, Cream, Donovan, The Hollies and Jimi Hendrix.
Early years
Karl Ferris was born in 1948 in Hastings, England, where he grew up. He studied at Hastings College of Art, and focused on Pre-Raphaelite painting. This inspired his psychedelic photography style.
After school, Ferris signed up as a steward on a P&O liner that went to Australia via India. After returning to England, he served two years with the Royal Air Force (RAF) for his National Service (Conscription) as an aerial photographer. During this period he became friends with a fellow conscriptee who was a member of a Liverpool "Mersey Beat" group, and he was introduced for the first time to this type of music. He was invited back to Liverpool to see a new group—the Beatles—who were appearing at the Cavern Club and was introduced to them there. From that point, he was hooked on "Beat" music from which The Beatles took their name. After his military service, Ferris emigrated to Vancouver, Canada working as an assistant there to master photographer Harry Nygard. From Nygard, Karl learned the skills of composition, form and texture. He also began an involvement in the "Beatnik" lifestyle and began hanging out in coffee bars, listening to poetry readings and the progressive jazz of such artists as Miles Davis, Herbie Hancock, John Coltrane, Eric Dolphy and Ornette Coleman. He photographed his first music subjects at these gatherings for local newspapers and magazines. He also began to take fashion shots of girlfriends and models, building up a respectable portfolio. Nygard told him that he had a real talent in this area, but to further expand his portfolio, he should return to London where the "Mod" fashion scene was creating new opportunities in the world of arts, music and fashion. In 1964 Karl returned to England and the "Happening" Beat scene. Ferris received commissioned work as a fashion and cover photographer for teen magazines 19, Honey, Petticoat, She and later for Vogue, Harper's Bazaar, Burda, French Mode and Marie Claire. These commissions brought him to such locations as Paris, Cannes, Munich, Ibiza and Morocco. When he wasn't working he would join into the "Scene", and after meeting (and eventually dating) Denmark's top "Superstar" model of the time (Maude Bertelsen), Karl was introduced to a Pop group called "The King Bees" who invited him to sing cover versions of Rolling Stones songs with them, and so he began touring in and around Copenhagen with this group. He eventually returned to England for a "fashion shoot" offer with Vogue. In 1966, The Beatles had just released Rubber Soul and Karl had the chance to meet up with their official photographer, Robert Freeman, who encouraged Ferris to experiment with different styles of images – which he promptly did – and created his unique psychedelic style. That summer on a trip to the Spanish island of Ibiza he discovered and began shooting the innovative psychedelic fashion work of designers Simon Posthuma and Marijke Koger—aka The Fool—and these photos were eventually printed in the fashion section of The Sunday Times. This was the first time such psychedelic photography and fashions had been seen anywhere. He and The Fool were then invited to come to London to shoot some more "Psychedelic" fashion features for other magazines, working from a shared studio in a former private dance theatre. There, they created "Art Happenings" with self played psychedelic music with Fashion shows, Freeform Dancing and Action painting, with Liquid Light and Photo slide projections superimposed on the performers by Karl Ferris who also shot music and fashion photos there. These Event parties became the talk of the Music and Art scene at the time and famous current Pop Stars and Artists would drop by and join in the action, "Drop In and Drop Out" was the common solgan used. Even the Beatles heard about the "Happenings" and came by and joined in. Also, Pink Floyd, Eric Clapton, The Cream, Donovan, T Rex, Mick Jagger, Grahman Nash, Graham Bond and artists Nigel Weymouth, Hapshas and the Coloured Coat, Peter Max and David Hockney dropped by. In 1967 Simon Posthuma and Marijke Koger with their colleges Josje Leger and Barry Finch aka "The Fool" were commissioned by The Beatles to paint their – "Apple Boutique" mural covering the entire building outside and in. Also they created a Psychedelic Fashion line that was to be sold inside the store, and Karl was there to photograph it all. and he was invited to do a stage "Liquid light show" for Pink Floyd, which is believed to be one of the first ever done in England.
Jimi Hendrix
Ferris was introduced to singer/guitarist Jimi Hendrix in 1967 through musician/producer Chas Chandler, who had "discovered" Hendrix. Hendrix disliked the UK cover of Are You Experienced, so arrangements were made for a photo shoot with Ferris. Hendrix wanted "something psychedelic". During a meeting with the band, Ferris told Hendrix that he wanted to hear more of their music from which to draw inspiration. They accommodated his request by allowing him to attend several sessions for their second album, Axis: Bold as Love. Ferris brought home tapes from the sessions, which along with Are You Experienced he listened to intently. His first impression of the music was that it was "so far out that it seemed to come from outer space", which inspired him to develop a backstory about a "group travelling through space in a Biosphere on their way to bring their unworldly space music to earth." With this concept in mind, he took color photographs of the band at Kew Gardens in London, using a fisheye lens which was then popular in Mod sub-culture. Ferris used what Egan described as "an infrared technique of his own invention which combined color reversal with heat signature", further enhancing the exotic nature of the image. Ferris was an experienced fashion photographer, and his interest in the finer details of his covers led him to choose the band's wardrobe. After seeing Hendrix with his hair combed away from the scalp, Ferris requested that he wear it that way during the photo shoot. Hendrix's girlfriend, Kathy Etchingham, trimmed his hair to improve its symmetry, forming an afro that became the basis of a homogenized Experience image. Redding and Mitchell liked Hendrix's new hairstyle, so Ferris hired a hairdresser to style their hair in a similar fashion. After purchasing clothing for Redding and Mitchell at the boutiques on King's Road—Hendrix wore clothes from his wardrobe, including a psychedelic jacket with a pair of eyes printed on the front which had been given to him by a fan—the Experience travelled to Kew Gardens. In an effort to focus on Hendrix's hands, Ferris shot the band at a low angle. The daylight faded soon after their arrival at the garden, so they returned the following day for a second shoot, which was not needed; the image selected for the US cover of Are You Experienced was the first shot taken the previous day. Ferris chose the cover's yellow background and its surreal lettering, and he intended for a textured gatefold jacket that Reprise, as a cost-saving measure, did not approve.
His images then appeared on all three US "Experience" album covers released during Hendrix's short life – "Are You Experienced?", "Axis Bold As Love", "Electric Ladyland" and the Japanese "Smash Hits"...In the year 2000, Karl's Hampstead Studio 1968 shot of "The Jimi Hendrix Experience" was used as the Cover of the multi disc, purple velvet "Rolls-Royce" box set. Ferris went on to create the album cover images for Donovan's "A Gift from a Flower to a Garden" ("Wear Your Love Like Heaven"/"For Little Ones") and the "Hurdy Gurdy Donovan" EP and (again, partnering with The Fool) for The Hollies' Evolution. He was also instrumental in creating their overall looks for the shoots, which then became their recognized public images. During the years 1967–69, Ferris was one of the preferred photographers to the British rock elite, shooting also many publicity photos for them. He was called "The Icon with the Nikon" by the musicians and Press back then. In 1968, Ferris accompanied Donovan on his US tour and was commissioned by Look to shoot a feature article on Donovan, after which he was retained as a 'Stringer' in Europe to shoot images for music articles there. In 1969, Karl's Donovan psychedelic shots were featured in an article in Twen, the famous German art magazine.
1970s–2000
Ferris left London with his pregnant wife Anke in 1970 and went to live in Ibiza to bring up their son Lorien. Joni Mitchell visited Ferris in Ibiza in 1970 on the recommendation of Graham Nash and was photographed by Ferris. Ferris continued shooting fashion and glamour photographs for magazines in Europe and the USA. In 1980, Ferris received a commission from Playboy Magazine to photograph "Welcome Back Kotter" star Melonie Haller (John Travolta's love interest and the only female "Sweathog") for a "Celebrity Pictorial" in the famous Bo Derek issue.
Collections
Ferris' work is included in the National Portrait Gallery, London.
Notes
References
Sources
External links
Interview article about "the making of" the cover for Jimi Hendrix's "Are You Experienced?"
Vancouver Courier
MusicDish e-Journal – Cover Story Interview with photography by Karl Ferris
Classic Rock Revisited: CRR Concert Review – Celebrating 50 Years of Are You Experienced: The Photography of Karl Ferris
Photographers from Sussex
Psychedelic artists
1948 births
Living people
People from Hastings
KKEE may refer to:
KKEE (FM), a radio station (101.3 FM) licensed to serve Centerville, Texas, United States
KKOR, a radio station (1230 AM) licensed to serve Astoria, Oregon, United States, which held the call sign KKEE from 2001 to 2012
KLMY, a radio station (99.7 FM) licensed to serve Long Beach, Washington, United States, which held the call sign KKEE from 1986 to 2001
Dilesh Gunaratne (born 2 April 1989) is a Sri Lankan cricketer who plays for Colombo Cricket Club. He has made more than 50 first-class appearances since 2011.
Gunaratne made his List A debut in the 2009-10 season, against Sinhalese Sports Club. From the tailend, he scored a duck. Gunaratne took figures of 0-41 from 6.3 overs of bowling.
In August 2018, he was named in Dambulla's squad the 2018 SLC T20 League. In March 2019, he was named in Kandy's squad for the 2019 Super Provincial One Day Tournament.
References
External links
Diliesh Gunaratne at Cricket Archive
Sri Lankan cricketers
Colombo Cricket Club cricketers
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
1989 births
Anatoliy Kos-Anatolsky ( 1 December 1909 – 30 November 1983) was a Ukrainian composer, People's Artist of Ukraine (1969) and winner of Shevchenko National Prize (1980). Deputy of Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union in 1970–1978 years.
Biography
He was born on 1 December 1909 in Kolomyia (now Ivano-Frankivsk region) in the family of the famous Galician doctor Joseph Kos.
While studying at Stanislav Gymnasium, he created a choir and began recording songs. In 1931 he graduated from the Faculty of Law of Lviv University, and in 1934 from the Lviv Conservatory. In the 1930s, together with Bohdan Vesolovsky, he was a member of "Jablonsky Jazz Chapel" ("Yabtso-Jazz"), later popular in the Lviv region. In 1934 – 1937 he taught at the Stryi branch of the Mykola Lysenko Higher Music Institute. From 1938 to 1939 he worked as a lawyer in the town of Zaliztsi.
The first independent creative work was the music for performances of the Lviv Music and Drama Theater (1941). During the war he was in Western Ukraine. From 1939 he worked as an accompanist of the Lviv House of Pioneers, a teacher at a music school. After the Second World War he became a member and since 1951 chairman of the Lviv regional branch of the Union of Soviet Composers of Ukraine, worked as concertmaster of the Lviv Drama Theater, and from 1952 – a teacher at the Lviv Conservatory (since 1973 – professor).
Died on 30 November 1983 in Lviv. His grave could be found in Lychakiv Cemetery (field No. 3) in Lviv. The tombstone was created by sculptor Emmanouil Galatsis.
Legacy
Anatoliy Kos-Anatolsky is the author of an opera, three ballets, symphonic works, a number of concerts and popular choirs, solo songs, romances. A lot of his works are influenced by Lemkos folklore.
Selected works
opera
To Meet the Sun («Назустріч сонцю», 1957, 2nd edition – 1959)
ballets
The Shawl of Dovbush («Хустка Довбуша», 1950),
The Jay's Wing «(Сойчине крило», 1956),
Orysia («Орися», 1964, 2-а ред. 1967);
operetta
Spring Storms («Весняні грози», 1960);
cantatas
It Passed a Long Time Ago (1961)
The Immortal Testament (1963);
oratorio
From the Niagara to the Dnieper («Від Ніагари до Дніпра», 1969);
instrumental
two piano concertos
two violin concertos
selected choirs
Nova Verkhovyna,
On the Carpathian Mountains
selected songs
Oh you, girl, from the grain nut («Ой ти, дівчино, з горіха зерня», after Ivan Franko, 1956),
Oh, I'll go to the mountain («Ой піду я межи гори», own words, 1958),
Two streams from Black Mountins («Два потоки з Чорногори», after Petrenko)
White roses («Білі троянди»)
Starry night («Зоряна ніч»)
References
Further reading
Volyns'kyi, I. (1965). Анатолій Йосипович Кос-Анатольський [Anatolii Iosypovych Kos-Anatolskii]. Kyiv
Kolodii, Ia.; Poliek, V. (1974) Композитор Кос-Анатольський. [Composer Anatolii Kos-Anatolskii]. Lviv
Tereshchenko А. (1986) Анатолій Кос-Анатольський [Anatolii Kos-Anatolskii]. Кyiv.
External links
Kos-Anatolsky, Encyclopedia of Ukraine
Tereshchenko А. Анатолій Йосипович Кос-Анатольський [Anatolii Iosypovych Kos-Anatolskii] In Ukrainian music encyclopedia, pp.558-559
Ukrainian composers
1909 births
1962 deaths
Ladislav Jirků (4 June 1946 – 16 August 2020) was a Czech academic and politician who served as a Deputy.
References
1946 births
2020 deaths
Czech politicians
Civic Democratic Alliance politicians
TOP 09 politicians
Members of the Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic (2010–2013)
People from Jihlava
Felaoucene District is a district of Tlemcen Province in north-western Algeria.
Districts of Tlemcen Province
is a Japanese TOPIX Large 70 company founded in 1959 as Sintered Metal Corporation, which specializes in pneumatic control engineering to support industrial automation. SMC develops a broad range of control systems and equipment, such as directional control valves, actuators, and air line equipment, to support diverse applications. SMC's head office is located in Sotokanda, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan. The company has a global engineering network, with technical facilities in the United States, Europe and China, as well as Japan. Key production facilities are located in China and Singapore, and local production facilities are in the United States, Mexico, Brazil, Europe, India, Korea and Australia.
Market regions
SMC has 400 marketing and sales offices in 81 countries worldwide.
1. North, Central and South America
Argentina, Bolivia, Brasil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Mexico, Peru, United States, Venezuela, Costa Rica.
2. Europe
Albania, Austria, Belgium, Bosnia/Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece,
Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Lithuania, Macedonia, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Serbia,
Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, U.K., Ukraine
3. Africa
Algeria, Egypt, Kenya, Morocco, Nigeria, South Africa, Tunisia
4. Asia/Oceania
Australia, Bahrain, Bangladesh, China, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Iran, Israel, Japan, Jordan, Kuwait, Malaysia, New Zealand, Pakistan,
Philippines, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Syria, Taiwan, Thailand, United Arab Emirates, Viet Nam
References
External links
Engineering companies based in Tokyo
Manufacturing companies based in Tokyo
Manufacturing companies established in 1959
1959 establishments in Japan
Companies listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Japanese brands
The flag is a symbol of the region of Courland in Northern Europe, and historically served as the symbol of the Duchy of Courland and Semigallia.
History
Duchy of Courland and Semigallia (1561−1795)
The state flag of the Duchy of Courland and Semigallia (1561−1795) was a long rectangle with aspect ratio of 1:2. It was divided into equal horizontal stripes, red on top, and white on the bottom. The civil ensign also utilised the 1:2 ratio. It was divided into two square parts. The left part consisted of 4 red and white squares placed in the checkerboard pattern, with red squares being at the top left and bottom right, while the white squares being at the top right and bottom left. The right side consisted of two equally derived horizontal lines, red at the top, and right at the bottom.
During the reign of duke Jacob Kettler, which lasted from 1642 to 1682, the naval ensign used by the ships used during the Courlanian colonization of West Africa and Caribbean, was a raspberry red with a crab on it. The version with a black eagle instead of a crab was also used.
There were also two other flags used by the state: a red flag with a white eagle, and a white flag with a black eagle.
Courland Governorate (1795–1918)
The flag used by the Courland Governorate (1795–1918), within the Russian Empire, was a rectangle divided into three equal stripes: green at the top, blue in centre, and white at the bottom.
Gallery
See also
Coat of arms of Courland
Flag of the Livonians
References
Courland
Courland
Courland
Duchy of Courland and Semigallia
Courland
Courland
Courland
Chelliah Kumarasuriar was a Sri Lankan politician. He served as the Minister of Posts and Telecommunications (1970-1977) and a Member of Senate of Ceylon. He was a political rival of Alfred Duraiappah and was initially suspected of behind his death. However, the assassination was widely blamed on the rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) and its leader V. Prabhakaran. On 25 April 1978 the LTTE issued an open letter, which was published in the Virakesari, claiming responsibility for the assassination of eleven people including Duraiappah.
References
Members of the Senate of Ceylon
Post ministers of Sri Lanka
Sri Lanka Freedom Party politicians
Sri Lankan Tamil politicians
Telecommunication ministers of Sri Lanka
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
The mottled piculet (Picumnus nebulosus) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is found in north eastern Argentina, south eastern Brazil, and Uruguay.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
Description
Adult mottled piculets are from long. The crown, cheeks and chin are speckled in black and white, with a larger patch of white behind the eye. The crown is often tufted, and in males the fore-crown may form a red patch or there may be a few red-tipped feathers. Other than this, the sexes are alike. The back of the head, nape and neck are buff or brown. The mantle and back are rusty brown and the wings are brown, with pale edges to the feathers. The two central tail feathers are white and the remaining tail feathers are black, with some white streaks on the outer ones. The breast, belly and flanks are rusty brown, boldly streaked and mottled with black. The eye is brown, the orbital ring grey, the beak blackish and the legs grey. Juveniles are similar to the female apart from a chocolate brown fore-crown and less streaking on the underparts.
Distribution and habitat
The mottled piculet is endemic to southeastern South America. Its range extends from southeastern Brazil and southeastern Paraguay to Uruguay and northeastern Argentina. It is mainly a lowland species, ranging up to about . Its typical habitat is Atlantic forest and Araucaria forest, but it also occurs in secondary forest, bamboo thickets, scrubland and wooded savannah.
Behaviour
Vocalisations are limited to a repetitive "seep" or "cheep", sometimes linked into a brief trill, and an occasional humming sound. The alarm call is a shrill cricket-like whistling sound. The bird also drums, particularly on bamboo, in an irregular pattern of two to four rapid strikes. Little is known of its feeding habits, but it sometimes forages in small mixed flocks through the understorey, among vines, tangled growth and bamboo stems, presumably looking for small invertebrates.
Piculets nest in holes in trees. The mottled piculet breeds between October and December, but little is known of its breeding habits. It is generally an uncommon species with a patchy distribution and is listed as being a "near-threatened species".
References
mottled piculet
Birds of the Selva Misionera
Birds of the South Region
Birds of Uruguay
mottled piculet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Whipple is a lunar impact crater located on the lunar far side near the northern pole. The crater is located East of the prominent craters Byrd and Peary; the latter of which it is located on the rim of.
Whipple is permanently shaded from the Sun. Volatile species of atoms and molecules, such as water (and mercury), that enter the crater freeze, and thus get trapped due to the extremely cold conditions that prevail within the crater. Moreover, Whipple crater's radar signature is characterized by a high, same-sense, circular-polarization ratio (CPR). This is thought to indicate that there are thick—at least 2 metres—ice deposits that are relatively pure. Such ice deposits represent a potentially valuable source of drinkable water, as well as rocket propellant in the form of liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen (LH2/LO2).
In addition, Whipple is next to a large, quasi-permanently sunlit plateau that occupies its north rim. There, the sun is visible nearly 80% of the time on average; the temperature in such quasi-permanently sunlit areas is quite mild by Lunar standards, averaging approximately -50 °C, ± 10°. This combination of permanently shaded, high-CPR crater adjacent to quasi-permanently sunlit plateau is unique in the north polar region of the Moon.
Whipple was adopted and named after American astronomer Fred Lawrence Whipple by the IAU in 2009.
References
External links
LAC-1 area - Map of northern lunar pole
Impact craters on the Moon
Albert Arthur Jones (23 October 1915 – 6 December 1991) was a British Conservative Party politician. He was twice Mayor of Bedford.
Life
Bedford-born, Jones was educated at Bedford Modern School and became an estate agent, company director and farmer in north Bedfordshire. He became a councillor on Bedford Borough Council in 1949 and on Bedfordshire County Council in 1956, serving as Mayor of Bedford 1957–59. He was vice-president of the Association of Municipal Corporations and was chairman of the Conservative Party national advisory committee on local government.
Jones contested Wellingborough in 1955. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Northamptonshire South from a 1962 by-election to 1974, and for Daventry from 1974 to 1979. His successor as MP for Daventry was Reg Prentice, previously MP for Newham North East who had defected from the Labour Party to the Conservatives two years earlier. He died in Bedford aged 76.
References
Times Guide to the House of Commons October 1974
External links
1915 births
1991 deaths
People educated at Bedford Modern School
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1959–1964
UK MPs 1964–1966
UK MPs 1966–1970
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
Councillors in Bedfordshire
Bullet is a Malayalam language film directed by Nizar and produced by Nazim Vellila under the banner of Malayil Movie International. It was released in 2008. The film received negative reviews.
Cast
References
External links
Watch it on Gigaplex
2008 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Albin Čižman (born 30 August 1965) is a Yugoslav-born, Slovenian slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s. He won a gold medal in the K1 team event at the 1989 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Savage River. He also finished ninth in the K1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
Čižman was born in Ljubljana.
World Cup individual podiums
References
External links
Albin CIZMAN at CanoeSlalom.net
1965 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Slovenia
Slovenian male canoeists
Yugoslav male canoeists
Sportspeople from Ljubljana
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
The four teams in this group played against each other on a home-and-away basis. The winner Switzerland qualified for the eighth FIFA World Cup held in England.
Matches
Switzerland qualified.
Final Table
Team stats
Head coach: Alfredo Foni
Head coach: Bertie Peacock
Head coach: Elek Schwartz (first match); Denis Neville (second to sixth match)
Head coach: Zyber Konçi (first to fifth match); Loro Boriçi (sixth match)
External links
FIFA official page
RSSSF - 1966 World Cup Qualification
Allworldcup
5
1965–66 in Swiss football
1964–65 in Swiss football
1965–66 in Northern Ireland association football
1964–65 in Northern Ireland association football
1965–66 in Dutch football
1964–65 in Dutch football
1965–66 in Albanian football
1964–65 in Albanian football
1963–64 in Dutch football
1963–64 in Albanian football
The were a Japanese jazz band and comedy group popular in film and television, particularly between the 1950s and 1970s. Led by Hajime Hana, the band's other main members were Kei Tani, Hitoshi Ueki, Hiroshi Inuzuka, Senri Sakurai, Shin Yasuda, and Ētarō Ishibashi.
Band origins
The band was originally formed in 1955 at the end of the first jazz boom in Japan under the name The Cuban Cats. Signed to Watanabe Productions, their performances mixed music and comedic bits, in the spirit of Frankie Sakai and the City Slickers, and they soon changed their name to the Crazy Cats. At the end of the 1950s, the main members were Hana, Tani, Ueki, Inuzuka, Yasuda, and Ishibashi. Sakurai joined in 1960, and Ishibashi left in 1971.
The group became nationally famous after appearing on the television show "Otona No Manga" starting in 1959. Beginning in 1961, they co-starred on the variety show "Soap Bubble Holiday" ("Shabondama Horidē"), performing in skits written by Yukio Aoshima, who later became governor of Tokyo. Their 1961 song, "Sudara-Bushi," sung by Ueki, was a major hit and led to seven consecutive appearances on NHK's Kohaku Utagassen. Their popularity also led to a series of films produced at the Toho Studios, the most famous of which was the Musekinin Otoko or Irresponsible Man. The series of films featured Ueki as a salaryman attempting to advance up the corporate ladder.
Influence
In terms of their music, E. Taylor Atkins has said that "The Crazy Cats are significant for capitalizing and purveying an image of jazz musicians as clownish, slang-slinging ne'er-do-wells. Their audience rewarded the Cats with the longevity of which very few Japanese acts could boast." Mark Anderson has written that their "film series, in particular, had a great impact on 1960s popular culture," and that "they remain emblematic of a group of entertainers made possible by the television era."
Filmography
Nippon musekinin jidai (1962) Director: Kengo Furusawa
Let's Meet in Our Dreams (1962) Director: Kengo Furusawa
Strategy First Win (1963) Director: Seiji Hisamatsu
Irresponsible Crushed! (1963) Director: Takashi Tsuboshima
Crazy Cats Go to Hong Kong (1963) Director: Toshio Sugie
Irresponsible Yuden (1964) Director: Toshio Sugie
Crazy Adventure (1965) Director: Kengo Furusawa
It's A Strange Heaven (1966) Director: Takashi Tsuboshima
Operation Crazy (1966) Director: Kengo Furusawa
Industrial Spy Free for All (1967) Director: Takashi Tsuboshima
Las Vegas Free-for-All (1967) Director: Takashi Tsuboshima
Monsieur Zivaco (1967) Director: Takashi Tsuboshima
Mexican Free-for-All (1968) Director: Takashi Tsuboshima
The Great Discovery (1969) Director: Kengo Furusawa
The Big Explosion (1969) Director: Kengo Furusawa
Be Deceived! (1971) Director: Takashi Tsuboshima
See also
Hisaya Morishige
The Drifters (Japanese band)
References
Japanese boy bands
Japanese jazz ensembles
Japanese comedy troupes
Male jazz musicians
Hypericum psilophytum is a species of flowering plant of the St. John's wort family (Hypericaceae) that is found in Morocco and Algeria.
Taxonomy
The placement of H. psilophytum within Hypericum can be summarized as follows:
Hypericum
Hypericum subg. Hypericum
Hypericum sect. Adenosepalum
subsect. Adenosepalum
subsect. Aethiopica
Huber-Morathii group
subsect. Caprifolia
H. caprifolium
H. coadunatum
H. collenetteae
H. naudinianum
H. psilophytum
H. pubescens
H. scruglii
H. sinaicum
H. somaliense
H. tomentosum
References
psilophytum
Taxa named by Ludwig Diels
Charley Fusari born Calogero Fusari (August 20, 1924 – November 4, 1985) was an Italian-American boxer born in Italy.
Fusari was born in Alcamo, in the Province of Trapani and emigrated to the US with his family when a boy.
Charlie fought 92 bouts, 8 amateur and 84 “pro”;he was the New Jersey State Champion in 1947, '48 and '49, becoming a professional boxer on May 8, 1944; he fought against greats boxers of his time such as Rocky Graziano, Tony Janiro, Sugar Ray Robinson.
Charley was a good fighter and won all his first 45 fights: in his 45th fight, he beat the great Tippy Larkin. Fusari suffered from impaired hearing. With his ring earnings he bought a milk delivery business for his family. Fusari as a result became known as the Irvington milkman. :
Fusari had two world title shots during his career. He lost a one-sided decision to defending welterweight champion Sugar Ray Robinson on August 9, 1950 and lost a split decision to Johnny Bratton for the vacant National Boxing Association World welterweight title on March 14, 1951 after Robinson had left the title after winning the world middleweight title from Jake LaMotta a month earlier.
He defeated such boxers as Attilio "Rocky Castellani, Maxie Berger, Freddie Archer, Pat Demers, Al "Red" Priest, Terry Young, Joey Carkido, Jimmy Flood, Frankie Palermo, Vince Foster and Tony Pellone.
He retired from boxing in 1952.
References
Sources
External links
http://boxrec.com/en/boxer/11210
1924 births
1985 deaths
American boxers of Italian descent
Italian emigrants to the United States
People from Alcamo
Welterweight boxers
American male boxers
Sportspeople from the Province of Trapani
The Sandman is a 2017 American horror television film written and directed by Peter Sullivan and starring Haylie Duff and Tobin Bell. Stan Lee served as an executive producer of the film.
Plot
A little girl with formidable powers imagines into existence the Sandman, a terrible monster from her nightmares that brings harm to anyone who wants to hurt her.
Cast
Haylie Duff as Claire
Shaun Sipos as Wyatt
Shae Smolik as Madison
Tobin Bell as Valentine
Ricco Ross as Detective Price
Amanda Wyss as Dr. Amanda Elliott
Reception
Dread Central awarded the film two stars out of five.
References
External links
2017 horror films
American supernatural horror films
2017 films
2017 television films
American television films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
William Michael Purves (1870 – after 1900) was an Irish professional footballer who played as a right back. He made 40 appearances in the Football League, playing for Small Heath in the 1890s. He played three times for the Irish Football League representative side.
Purves was born in Belfast and played for Glentoran before coming to England to join Small Heath in March 1894. He played in the last three matches of the 1893–94 Football League regular season and in the test match that confirmed their ascent to the First Division. He played every game of the club's first top-flight season, but lost his place to Frank Lester in 1895–96 and returned to Glentoran. From 1900 he acted as Glentoran's trainer.
Notes
References
1870 births
Year of death missing
Association footballers from Belfast
Irish association footballers (before 1923)
Association football fullbacks
Glentoran F.C. players
Birmingham City F.C. players
English Football League players
Date of birth missing
Place of death missing
The Gaulish language, and presumably its many dialects and closely allied sister languages, left a few hundred words in French and many more in nearby Romance languages, i.e. Franco-Provençal (Eastern France and Western Switzerland), Occitan (Southern France), Catalan, Romansch, Gallo-Italic (Northern Italy), and many of the regional languages of northern France and Belgium collectively known as langues d'oïl (e.g. Walloon, Norman, Gallo, Picard, Bourguignon, and Poitevin).
What follows is a list of inherited French words, past and present, along with words in neighboring or related languages, all borrowed from the Gaulish language (or more precisely from a substrate of Gaulish).
Modern French
A-B
{| class="wikitable"
! French
! Cognates
! Etymology
! Possible Celtic Cognates
! Latin/Romanceequivalents
|-
| aller 'to go'
| FrProv alâ, allar, Friul lâ
| Gaul *allu
| Welsh êl 'that he may go', eled 'go!', Cornish ellev 'that I may go', Old Irish adall 'diverticulum'
| Lat ambulare (cf. Ital ambiare, Rom umbla), adnare (cf. Sp/Pg andar, Occ/Cat anar, Italian andare)
|-
| alose 'shad'
| Occitan alausa, Prov alauso, La Rochelle alousa, Sp alosa, G Alse
| Gaul alausa 'allis shad'
| none
| -
|-
| alouette 'lark'
| Walloon alôye, Prov alauza, alauseta, Cat alosa, alova, OSp aloa, Sp alondra, It allodola, lodola
| Old French aloe, aloue, fr Latin alauda 'crest lark', fr Gaul, perhaps from *alaio 'swan'
| OIr elu 'swan', Irish/Scottish eala 'swan'; with suffix, Welsh alarch 'swan', Breton alarc'h 'swan'
| borrowed into Latin
|-
| ambassade 'embassy'
| Prov embeissado, Occ ambaissada, Port embaixada, Sp embajada
| From Ital ambasciata 'charge, mission, embassy', fr Old Occ ambayassada 'embassy', from ambaissa 'service, duty' 'hostage', fr Gaul ambactus 'dependant, vassal'
| OIr amos, amsach 'mercenary, servant', Ir amhas 'wild man', W amaeth 'tenant farm', C ammeth 'farming', OBr ambaith
| -
|-
| amélanche 'shadberry, shadbush'
| Occ amalenco, amalanco
| Prov. amalenco, amalanco, from Gaul. aballo 'apple' and -enco, diminutive suffix from Germanic -ing
| OIr aball, Ir/Sc ubhall, W afal, C aval, Br aval
| unknown in Latin
|-
| andain 'swath, scythe slash'
| -
| OFr andain 'wide step', from Gallo-Latin andagnis 'big step', from Gaul. ande 'big, great' and agnis 'step', from agi 'to move'
| Ir an- 'very' + OIr áin 'activity, play'
| -
|-
| ardoise 'slate'
| It ardesia
| Gaul. artuas 'stelae, stone plates', plural of *artuā 'stone, pebble'
| OIr art 'stone', Ir airtín, Sc airtein 'pebble'
| -
|-
| arpent 'arpent acre'
| OSp arapende, Sp arpende, Prov arpen
| ML arependis, fr Latin arepennis, from Gaulish
| OIr airchenn 'short mete or bound (abuttal); end, extremity', W arbenn 'chief'
| system of measurement alien to Latin
|-
| auvent 'eaves, porch roof, penthouse roof'
| Prov. ambans 'parapet', Occitan embans, French dial. arvan
| MFr auvans (pl) 'sloping roof', fr OFr anvant (1180), fr Gaul. andebanno 'overhang, forward jutting part of a roof', fr ande (augmentative prefix) + banno 'horn, antler'
| for banno, see below under section Patois
| unknown to Mediterranean architecture
|-
| aven 'sinkhole, swallow hole'
| Occ avèn 'abyss, whirlpool', Cat avenc, Asturian aboñón 'channel, drain', Galician abeneiro, Port. amieiro 'alder (tree)'
| OFr avenc, from Old Occ, from Gaul. abona 'river'
| W afon, C avon, Br avon, aven, Sc abhainn, Ir abha, abhainn
| -
|-
| bâche 'canvas sheet, tarpaulin'
| Gasc bascojo 'hanging basket', Asturian bascayu, Port. basculho/vasculho, Béarn bascoyes, Fr (dial) bâchot, bachou
| OFr baschoe 'type of hod', from Gaul. bascauda 'wicker chest, hamper', from *basca 'binding'
| W basg 'plaiting', MIr basc 'neckband'
| -
|-
| balai 'broom (sweep)'
| Sp baleo 'broom (plant)', Astur baléu
| OFr balain 'broom (plant)', from Gaul *balatno, metathesis of *banatlo
| MBr balazn (mod. balan), Sc bealaidh, Ir beallaidh vs. W banadl, C banadhel
| Lat. scobum (cf. Fr dial. écouvillon)
|-
| barge1 'godwit'
| Liguro berta 'magpie'
| Gaulish bardala, diminutive of bardos 'bard'
| MW bardd 'poet', OIr bard, MBr barzh 'minstrel', OC barth 'mime, jester'
| Lat. corydallus (from Greek korydallis)
|-
| barge2 'haybale, straw heap' (Western)
| Sp/Port varga "thatch-roof hut, straw-roof hut", Cat/Pg/Occ/Liguro barga "wattle hut", Ital barca "haystack"
| Gaul bargā (Latin fundus bargae, in Tabula Veleiana, 2nd century)
| MIr barc 'fort; woodshed' (< *bargā)
| -
|-
| barnache, bernache 'barnacle goose'
| -
| OFr bernaque, fr Gaul. barenica 'limpet', fr barenos 'rock, boulder' (cf. OIr barenn 'boulder'); for semantic development, compare Greek lépas 'rock' > lepás 'limpet'
| Ir báirneach, Sc bàirneach, W brennig, C brennik, Br bernig, brennig
| -
|-
| bassin 'basin'
| Prov. bacha 'feeding trough', FrProv bachè, bacha 'large vat', Amognard bassie 'sink'
| OFr bacin, from ML baccinum, from LL bacca 'wine or water jug', from Gaulish 'burden, load to bear'
| Ir/Sc bac 'hindrance, heed', W baich 'load, burden', C begh 'load, burden', Br bec'h 'burden, toil'
| -
|-
| battre 'to beat'
| Cat batre, Sp. batir, Emilian batü 'beaten, beat', Port. bater
| Latin battuere, from Gaulish *battu 'I strike, hit'
| W bathu 'to coin, mint (money)', C bathi 'to coin, mint (money)'
| -
|-
| bauge 'wild boar den; cob, hut'
| FrProv (Swiss) bache 'swamp hay', Prov bauco, balco 'rough-leafed grass, tuft of hay, swamp grass used as bedding', OProv terra bauca 'good, solid turf'
| OFr balche, from Gaul balco 'strong'
| OIr balc, Ir bailc, Sc bailceach, W/C balch, Br balc'h
| -
|-
| baume 'grotto'
| Prov baumo, Cat balma, Lombardo balma, Piemontese barma, Ligurian arma
| Gaul *balma
| Ir baile 'home; town'
| -
|-
| bec 'beak'
| Cat bec, It becco, Port. bico, Sp pico
| Latin beccus 'beak', from Gaul *beccos 'beak', perhaps originally 'little'
| perhaps OIr becc 'little', Ir/Sc beag, W bach; diminutives C byghan, Br bihan
| Lat rostrum
|-
| belette 'weasel'
| Lorrain belâ, blâ, Liguro bélloa, Venetian belita, Piem/Lomb. bellola, Sp dial. belida, bilidilla
| From FrPov belete, from Gaul bela
| MW beleu, W bele, belaod (pl.) 'marten'
| Lat mustella (cf. OFr moistele)
|-
| benne 'handbarrow, dumpster, mine cart', banne 'awning; large wicker basket'
| It benna 'dung cart', G (Swabish) Bann 'cart, hod', G Behner 'basket', Du ben, benne 'basket', E bin
| Gaul benna
| W benn 'cart', OIr buinne, Br karr-banner 'truck bed', OBr benn 'caisson (chariot)'
| -
|-
| berle 'water parsnip'
| Sp berro Ast berriu 'watercress' (< beruro)
| Gaul. berula 'cress', diminutive of beru 'stake, spit'
| W berwr, C/Br beler, OIr biror, Ir biolar, Sc biolaire; further to Ir/Sc bior, W bêr, C/Br ber
| -
|-
| berceau 'cradle', bercer 'to rock', ber 'drydock'
| Prov bressà 'to rock', brès 'cradle', Port. berço 'cradle', Sp dial. brezar 'to rock', brezo 'cradle'
| OFr bers, berz 'cradle', fr Gaul. *bertu 'I rock', fr *berta 'load'
| Ir beartaim 'I rock', beárt 'load, action'; further to OIr brith, breth f. 'carrying; judgment', W bryd m. 'thought, mind, intent', C brys 'thought', Br bred 'psyche'
| -
|-
| bief 'mill reach, mill race'
| Genoese (Liguro) bëo 'ditch, channel', Asturian beyu''' 'narrow gorge' (< bedio) and buelga 'ditch' (< bodika)
| OFr bied, from Gaul. *bedo 'ditch; grave'
| W bedd 'grave', Br bez, C bedh| -
|-
| bille 'log'
| Prov. bilha 'stem, trunk'
| Gaul. *billia 'tall tree'
| Mx billey 'tree', Ir billeóg 'leaf', billeoir 'tree trunk', Sc bileag, bile 'leaf, blade'
| -
|-
| boisseau 'bushel'
| Lyon emboto 'two handsful', Cat ambosta, almosta, Sp ambuesta| Diminutive of OFr boisse 'dry measure of grain', Gallo-Lat. *bostia 'hollow of the hand', fr Gaul. *bosta; cognates from *ambostā| Br boz, OW bos, MIr boss, bass, Ir bass; OIr imbas 'clasped hands'
| -
|-
| bonde, bondelle 'bunghole'
| OProv bonda| Gaul. bunda 'base, bottom'
| OIr bunud, MIr bond, Sc bonn 'foundation', W bonedd 'base, foundation'
| -
|-
| borne 'milestone, landmark'
| -
| OFr bonne, bosne, fr earlier bodne, Gallo-Lat. bodina ‘arbre frontière', fr Gaul. bodînâ ‘troop'
| OIr buiden 'squadron', Ir/Sc buidhean/n 'regiment', W byddin 'grove', Br bodenn, bod 'thicket'
| -
|-
| boue 'mud'
|
| Gaul *bawā| W baw 'filth, muck', budr 'dirty, messy', OIr búaidir 'dirty', Br (Ouessant) baouer 'gooey stubstance (from seaweed)', C beudhowr 'filthy water'
| -
|-
| bouge 'hovel, dive'
|
| Gaul. boutigo 'cow byre', compound of bou 'cow' and tego 'house'
| Br boutig, W beudy, Ir bothigh; further to Ir bó, MW bu 'oxen' and Ir teach, g. tí, Sc taigh, Br/OC ti, C chi, W tŷ| -
|-
| bouillon-blanc 'mullein'
| -
| ML bugillō, fr Gaul., fr boccos 'soft'
| Br beuk, Ir bog| Lat verbascum (cf. Sp varbasco)
|-
| bouleau 'birch'
| Ardennais boule, Prov bes(se), Cat beç, bedoll, Sp abedul (< betulu) and biezo (< betyo) Ast abedugu (< betuko)
| Diminutive of OFr boule, from Lat. betula, dim. of Gaul. betua 'birch'
| Ir/Sc beith, W bedw, Br bezv, Manx beih| -
|-
| bourbe 'muck, mire'
| Galician/Port. borba 'mud', Asturian borbolla 'bubble', Sp burbuja 'bubble'
| Gaul borvon 'spring, well'
| Ir bearbh 'boiling', W berw 'boiling, seething', Br berv 'broth, bubbling'
| -
|-
| bourdaine 'alder buckthorn'
| ONorm borzaine, French dial. bourg-épine, Walloon neûr-bôr, Basque burgi 'alder buckthorn', German Eberesche (Aberesche, Eberbaum) 'service-tree', Flemish haveres (influenced by haver 'oat')
| From Western dialect, from OFr bourgène, from Gaul *eburi-gena, from eburos| W efwr 'cow parsnip', dial. (N) ewr, Br evor 'alder buckthorn', Sc iubhar 'yew', Ir iúr, OIr ibar| -
|-
| brai 'pitch'
| Prov brac, It brago, braco 'mud', OFr bragnier 'to plow'
| Gaul *bracu| W bracu 'filth', MIr broch 'garbage'
| Lat pix (cf. Fr poix)
|-
| braie(s) 'breeches, pants'
| Prov/Sp. braga, It braca, Emilian brêgh 'trousers' and braghein 'short trousers'; Br bragoù| Lat. braca| -
| -
|-
| braire 'to bray', brailler 'to bawl, whine'
| -
| Late Latin bragire, from Gaulish *bragu| MIr braigid 'it crashes, explodes', Ir/Sc braigh 'to shriek, crackle', Br breugiñ 'to bray'
| -
|-
| bran 'filth'
| Berry/Picard brin, Prov/OSp bren, It (dials) brenno| OFr bren 'bran, filth', from Gaul. brennos 'rotten'
| OIr brén, Ir bréan 'smelly, rancid', Sc breun, W braen 'stench', braenu 'to rot', Br brein| Lat. caecum 'filth' (cf. Sp cieno)
|-
| branche 'treelimb'
| Prov/Cat branca 'paw', Port. braça 'treelimb', It brance 'claw, paw', Romansch dial. franka, Rum brânca| Late Latin branca 'paw', from Gaul. *vranca| Br brank, branc'h 'bough, antlers', Sc bràc 'branch, antler; reindeer'
| -
|-
| brasser 'to brew'
| Fr dial. brai, bray 'malt'
| OFr bracer, fr brace 'malt', fr Gaul brace| OIr mraich, Sc braich, W/C brag 'malt', Br bragez 'wheat germ'
| -
|-
| brave 'brave, daring'
| Occ/Cat. brau 'tough, wild'
| MFr brave, fr It bravo 'bold', fr Occ brau 'wild', fr Gaul. bragos 'show-off'
| MIr breagha 'fine', Ir breá, Sc brèagh, C bray, Br braga 'to strut around'
| -
|-
| bréhaigne 'barren (animal)'
| Pg/Galician/Astur/Salander braña, Port. brenha 'swampland, bogland, humid meadow', Sp breña 'scrubland', NW Cat braina 'field of grain whose ears have not sprouted yet', N. Ital. barena 'flood plain of a lagoon'
| OFr baraign, brahain, fr Lat. brana ‘sterile mare', fr Gaul. *branna 'land where nothing grows', fr *brenno 'rotten'
| Ir branar, W braenar 'fallow', Br breinar; see bran above
| -
|-
| breuil 'copse'
| Prov brogo, Emilian bröl 'orchard, vegetable garden', Germ. Brühl 'prairie'
| OFr bruil (attested ML breialo (Vienna Glossary)), fr Gaul *brogilos 'thicket, hunting reserve', diminutive of brogos 'country'
| W/C/Br bro 'country', Ir bruig, Sc brugh 'tumulus, large house', Mx broogh 'brae, bank'
| -
|-
| bribe 'fragment, parcel'
| Pic brife 'bit of bread'
| Gaul. briba| W briw 'fragments', C bryw, Br brev 'broken', Sc breaban 'leather patch', Ir preaban 'parcel, piece, patch'
| -
|-
| briser 'to break'
| Emilian brisa 'bit of bread', 'nothing', 'not', It briciola| OFr brisier, fr Gaul. brissu 'I break'
| OIr brissim, Ir/Sc bris, Mx brishey| Lat frangere (cf. OFr fraindre)
|-
| broche 'spit, skewer'
| Asturian bruecu 'pointed, sharp'
| Gaul. brocca, fr broccos 'pointed'
| Sc brog 'awl; to prod', W procio 'to poke, thrust', Ir prioc; OIr brocc 'badger', Ir broc, W broch, Br broc'h| -
|-
| brosse 'brush'
| Cat brossa, Spanish, Asturian broza 'dead leaves, dead brushwood'; OFr bruisse 'chestnut hull, chestnut husk' (< Gaul. bruskia)
| OFr broce, fr Gaul. bruskia| *bhreus-kyo < 'which it's broken', *bhreus-o 'break', P-Celt. *bruso 'fragile (EDPC: 81).
|-
| bruire 'to roar; rustle, murmur'
| -
| Gaul. bruge 'to troat'
| W broch 'din, tumult', Br broc'h(ad) 'quarrel, discord, falling out', Sc broiglich 'noise', broighleadh 'turmoil'; Ir brúcht 'belch'
| -
|-
| bruyère 'heath, moor'
| Prov bruguiera 'moorland', Cat bruguera; Milan brüg, Ital brugo, Prov bruga, Germ (dial. Mainz) Brikane, Cat bruc; Sp brezo, (Navarre) beruezo, Gal breixo, Port brejo (< *broccius)
| Gallo-Lat. brucaria, fr brūcus, fr late Gaul *vroikos, fr earlier vroici, vroica| W grug, dial. (Pembroke) gwrig, C grig, MBr groegan, Ir fraogh, Sc fraoch, Manx freoagh
| -
|-
| bugle 'bugle (plant), bugleweed'
| Mantuan bög 'soft fruit, overripe fruit'
| OFr bucle, fr LL bugula, fr Lat bugīlla, fr Gaul., diminutive of buccos 'soft'
| MIr bocc 'soft', Ir/Sc bog 'soft', Br bouk 'soft, mild'
| -
|}
C-G
Regional Languages (patois) and Neighboring Languages
See also
History of French
List of Spanish words of Celtic origin
List of Galician words of Celtic origin
List of French words of Germanic origin
Bibliography
Delamarre, Xavier. Dictionnaire de la langue gauloise: Une approche linguistique du vieux-celtique continental, 2nd edn. Paris: Errance, 2003 (1st edn. 2001).
Deshayes, Albert. Dictionnaire étymologique du breton. Douarnenez, France: Le Chasse-Marée, 2003.
Dottin, Georges. La langue gauloise: Grammaire, textes et glossaire, preface de François Falc'hun. Paris: C. Klincksieck, 1920 (reprint Geneva, 1985).
Lambert, Pierre-Yves. La Langue gauloise. Paris: Errance, 1994.
Savignac, Jean-Paul. Dictionnaire français-gaulois. Paris: La Différence, 2004.
von Wartburg, Walther. Französisches Etymologisches Wörterbuch''. 25 vols. Bonn: Klopp; Heidelberg: Carl Winter; Leipzig–Berlin: Teubner; Basel: R. G. Zbinden, 1922–67.
References
Gaulish
French
French Gaulish
Language comparison
Fred Schuyler Jackson (April 19, 1868 – November 21, 1931) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Born in Stanton, Kansas, Jackson moved to Greenwood County, Kansas, with his parents in 1881. He attended the public schools of Miami and Greenwood Counties. He taught school in Kansas from 1885 to 1890. He was graduated in law from the University of Kansas at Lawrence in 1892. He was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Eureka, Kansas. He served as prosecuting attorney of Greenwood County from 1893 to 1897. He served as assistant State attorney general in 1906 and 1907. Attorney general 1907–1911.
Jackson was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-second Congress (March 4, 1911 – March 3, 1913).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1912 to the Sixty-third Congress. He resumed the practice of law in Eureka and Topeka, Kansas. He moved to Topeka, Kansas, in 1915, having been appointed attorney for the Public Utilities Commission of Kansas and served until 1924. He resumed the practice of law in Topeka, Kansas. He also engaged in agricultural pursuits and stock raising in Greenwood, Wabaunsee, and Jefferson Counties. He died in Topeka, Kansas on November 21, 1931. He was interred in Greenwood Cemetery, Eureka, Kansas.
References
1868 births
1931 deaths
Kansas Attorneys General
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
People from Miami County, Kansas
People from Eureka, Kansas
People from Topeka, Kansas
is a passenger railway station located in the town of Kaiyō, Kaifu District, Tokushima Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Shikoku and has the station number "M26".
Lines
Asakawa Station is served by the Mugi Line and is located 75.4 km from the beginning of the line at . Only local trains stop at the station.
Layout
The station consists of a side platform serving a single track. There is no station building, only a shelter on the platform for passengers. Like the previous station, , an access road slopes up steeply from National Route 55, giving direct access to the platform. At the base of the access road is a parking area, a bike shed, a public phone callbox and a toilet building.
Adjacent stations
History
Japanese National Railways (JNR) opened the station on 1 October 1973 as an intermediate station when the track of the Mugi Line was extended from to . On 1 April 1987, with the privatization of JNR, control of the station passed to JR Shikoku.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 8 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Kaiyo Town Hall Asakawa Branch Office
Japan National Route 55
See also
List of Railway Stations in Japan
References
External links
JR Shikoku timetable
Railway stations in Tokushima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1973
Kaiyō, Tokushima
Spenceville is a former settlement in Nevada County, California. Along with Hacketville and Wilsonville, Spenceville was established southwest of Rough and Ready during the 1865-1866 copper mining boom.
Demographics
In 1880, its population was 350. By the 1920s, the population had dropped to approximately 150.
History
The Spenceville post office operated during the period of 1872 through 1932.
During World War II, Spenceville was used as a military training area by Camp Beale.
See also
Spenceville Wildlife Area
References
External links
Spenceville Wildlife Refuge & Shingle Falls: Wildlife Preserve
Photos, undated, Gold Rush Towns of Nevada County, p. 86
Former settlements in Nevada County, California
Former populated places in California
The Lovebot character was created by Toronto artist and designer Matthew Del Degan, consisting of a geometric, faceless robot with a red heart logo (called the "hero heart") on its torso. The character is used as a symbol for the "Love Invasion," a movement that aims to share love and kindness globally. He invented the idea for the campaign and character after moving to Toronto and noting the uninspired actions of city subway passengers and realizing he personally felt that people needed to express more compassion.
Del Degan chose to add the heart to the robot's design to signify that people of the city have ability to love and be kind to one another. He decided to use concrete as the Lovebot's artistic medium, which he felt referenced Toronto's urban architecture and history.
The campaign was initially created as a street sticker art campaign but Del Degan and his team eventually chose to also create more than 100, 2 foot concrete statues, each weighing 200 pounds which they placed throughout Toronto. Each robot sculpture was made by hand in his backyard with over 30 volunteers. Each robot is now dedicated to a person who has made a difference in some way and is intended to inspire others into performing additional acts of kindness. In 2013 the campaign took off with a great deal of press coverage, like the Toronto Star, MTV and The Grid (which gave Del Degan a Mensch Award for his work with the Lovebot character and named him one of fifty individuals that had "made Toronto a better place this year").
Lovebot is now a brand owned and operated by Matthew Del Degan. Together the company offers Lovebot merchandise and a toy design that was crowd funded through Kickstarter. In addition, the Lovebot continues to be a vital part of Del Degan's artistic practice in street art and design. Those volunteering for Lovebot continue to work together under the name "The Lovebot Leaders." The group has doubled since its conception has plans for global outreach. The Lovebot Leaders also emphasize work with charitable initiatives while continuing to build and distribute Lovebot sculptures.
References
External links
Official creator website
Public art in Toronto
Ian Wakenshaw (born ) is an English wheelchair curler.
Teams
References
External links
Living people
1950 births
English male curlers
English wheelchair curlers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Regula Range () is a range of summits, including Flarjuven Bluff, Aurho Peak, Hornet Peak, and Snøhetta Dome, forming the southwest portion of Ahlmann Ridge in western Queen Maud Land. The name after Herbert Regula, chief meteorologist with the expedition, was applied in the area by the German Antarctic Expedition (1938–39) under Alfred Ritscher. The correlation of the name with this feature may be arbitrary, but it is recommended for the sake of international uniformity and historical continuity.
Mountain ranges of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Venus Orbiting Imaging Radar (VOIR; also called Venus Orbital Imaging Radar) was a planned 1983 U.S. spacecraft mission to Venus that was primarily intended to use a microwave imaging radar to perform mapping of the Venusian surface. The goal was to map up to 50% of the planet's surface down to a resolution of 2 km with the eventual goal of targeting landers and atmospheric probes. A 1978 study evaluated the potential use of synthetic aperture radar to achieve 200 meter resolution. The spacecraft was to be launched from the Space Shuttle using a twin stage IUS in December 1984, and arrive in orbit May 1985. The mission was expected to last until November 1985.
By 1981, the plan was for the spacecraft to launch in 1987 and to use aerobraking to circularize its orbit, whereupon it would be able to generate radar coverage of the entire planet over a period of 126 days. Data transmission rates were 1 Mbit per second, matching the imaging and recording speed. It would have two resolutions: mapping mode of 600 m per line-pair, then a high-resolution mode at 150 m per line-pair.
The mission was cancelled in 1982 when it exceeded its budget limit. In 1983, it was replaced by a less ambitious mission called the Venus Radar Mapper, which was later renamed Magellan.
References
Missions to Venus
Cancelled spacecraft
Projects disestablished in 1982
The 2015–16 Arizona Wildcats men's basketball team represented the University of Arizona during the 2015–16 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team was led by seventh-year head coach Sean Miller, and played their home games at McKale Center in Tucson, Arizona as a member of the Pac-12 Conference. They finished the season 25–9, 12–6 in Pac-12 play to tie with California for third place. They defeated Colorado in the quarterfinals of the Pac-12 Tournament to advance to the semifinals where they lost to Oregon. Arizona received an at-large bid to the fourth-straight NCAA tournament, the program's 31st appearance, as a 6-seed in the South Region. They lost in the first round to Wichita State.
Previous season
The 2014–15 Arizona Wildcats finished the season with an overall record of 34–4 and a 16–2 conference record to win their second straight Pac-12 regular season championship (14th overall). Arizona claimed the longest active home winning streak in D-I men's college basketball (38th home win at 2nd all-time, 82nd home win at 5th all-time) after BYU defeated Gonzaga in the regular season finale, snapping the nation's longest active home winning streak of 41 games, as well as Gonzaga's school record 22-game winning streak. In the Pac-12 Tournament as a #1 seed, Arizona defeated #8 seed California Golden Bears; 73–51, and #4 seed UCLA Bruins; 70–64. The Wildcats then went on to beat Oregon Ducks; 80–52 in the Pac-12 Tournament championship game, and claimed their 5th Pac-12 tournament title for the first time since 2002, along with punching their 32nd ticket to the NCAA Tournament. Arizona entered the NCAA tournament as a #2 seed in the West region, and defeated #15 seed Texas Southern Tigers 93–72, then #10 seed Ohio State Buckeyes; 73–58, and #6 seed Xavier Musketeers, to gain its third trip (2nd straight) to the Elite Eight, as well as Sean Miller's first as head coach. The Wildcats then fell to #1 seed Wisconsin Badgers; 85–78 for the second time (from the Elite Eight's by 1 point overtime loss in last year).
Off-season
Departures
Incoming transfers
2015 recruiting class
Personnel
On April 13, assistant coach Damon Stoudamire left the team to rejoin the Memphis staff under head coach and former UA player Josh Pastner. On May 22 Mark Phelps, joined the Arizona staff.
Roster
Oct 24, 2015 – Freshman Ray Smith to miss entire 2015–16 season due to a torn ACL in his right knee.
Dec 1, 2015 – Senior Kaleb Tarczewski missed 8 games due to left foot injury. Returned for Pac-12 season play against Arizona State.
Jan 10, 2015 – Freshman Allonzo Trier missed 7 games due to a right hand injury. Returned Feb. 6 game at Washington.
Junior Elliott Pitts out since Dec. 9 game against Fresno State, due to an undisclosed personal issue. After the Feb. 17 game against Arizona State, Sean Miller announced Pitts would not return for the remainder of the season.
Depth chart
Coaching staff
Schedule
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=";"|
|-
!colspan=12 style=";"|
|-
!colspan=12 style=";"| NCAA tournament
Ranking movement
*AP does not release post-NCAA tournament rankings
Player statistics
As of Mar. 21, 2016
Honors
Award Watchlists
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Award – Kaleb Tarczewski
Wooden Award Preseason Top 50 – Kaleb Tarczewski
Jerry West Award – Allonzo Trier
Wooden Award Midseason Top 25 – Ryan Anderson
Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame - 2016 Karl Malone Power Forward of the Year Finalist – Ryan Anderson
Lute Olson National Player of the Year Award Finalist – Ryan Anderson
Weekly Awards
Season Awards
See also
2015–16 Arizona Wildcats women's basketball team
References
Arizona Wildcats men's basketball seasons
Arizona
Arizona Wildcats men's basketball
Arizona Wildcats men's basketball
Arizona
Tripuranthakam is a village in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is the mandal headquarters of Tripuranthakam mandal in Markapur revenue division.
According to Shiva Purana, Shiva destroyed Tripurasuras (or, demons ruling three cities) here. After his destruction of the demons and the three cities they inhabited, Shiva was given the name "Tripuranthakeswara" and the place was named "Tripuranthakam". The Sri Pravathi sahita Tripurantakeswara swamy temple is on the top of the hill and houses a secret underground passage to Srisailam from the temple premises. Below the hill inside of a pond is the Bala Thripura Sundari temple. Tripurantaka Bala Tripurasundari Devi (swayambhu) is the first incarnation of Adiparasakthi. She is believed to reside there in the form of a little girl.
References
Villages in Prakasam district
Mandal headquarters in Prakasam district
Omanakkuttan is a 1964 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and produced by P.K. Kaimal. The film stars Sathyan, Sukumari, Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair and Adoor Pankajam. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Sathyan
Sukumari
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Adoor Pankajam
Ambika
Vinodini Sasimohan/Baby Vinodini
Chandni
Pankajavalli
S. P. Pillai
T. K. Balachandran
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan with lyrics by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1964 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan
Films scored by G. Devarajan
Demetrios Chomatenos or Chomatianos (, 13th century), Eastern Orthodox Archbishop of Ohrid from 1216 to 1236, was a Byzantine priest and judge.
His comprehensive legal education allowed him to exert substantial influence as judge, arbiter, confessor and advisor to the Byzantine imperial house. This makes him a characteristic representative of a time where judicial power was devolving from the weakened secular authorities to the Church, and also one of the last legal practitioners in full command of Justinian's laws as recovered by the Macedonian legal renaissance.
According to the eminent Byzantinist Donald Nicol, Chomatenos' court at Ohrid was a rare centre of stability and law in an uncertain and tumultuous era; "From Kerkyra in the west to Drama in the east, from Dyrrachion in the north to Ioannina and Arta in the south, plaintiffs and defendants brought their problems to the humane and learned Archbishop". Some 150 of Chomatenos' case files have survived, allowing legal historians to construct a reasonably complete picture of the legal and institutional framework of the late Byzantine Empire.
He also played an important role in the rivalry of the two main post-Fourth Crusade Byzantine Greek successor states, the Empire of Nicaea and Epirus. Along with John Apokaukos and George Bardanes, Chomatianos championed the Epirote cause of political and ecclesiastical independence from Nicaea (where the exiled Patriarchate of Constantinople had established itself), and in 1225 or 1227, it was he who crowned the Epirote ruler Theodore Komnenos Doukas as Byzantine Emperor in Thessalonica.
An important ecclesiastical and jurisdictional dispute arose soon after his arrival in Ohrid (1216). In that time, the Eastern Orthodox eparchies in Serbia (Raška, Lipljan and Prizren) were still under the jurisdiction of the Archbishop of Ohrid. That changed in 1219, when Patriarch Manuel I of Constantinople (at that time residing in Nicaea), created a new Archbishopric for Serbia by appointing Sava Nemanjić as the first Serbian Archbishop. Demetrios Chomatenos protested and in the spring of 1220 he sent bishop Jovan of Skopje as an envoy to Archbishop Sava, but with no result. Serbia was lost to his jurisdiction, and his later attempts to remedy the situation in 1233 were also unsuccessful.
References
Sources
Günter Prinzing (ed.), Demetrii Chomateni Ponemata diaphora (Corpus Fontium Historiae Byzantinae 38). Berlin 2002.
Byzantine jurists
13th-century Eastern Orthodox bishops
13th-century Byzantine bishops
12th-century births
13th-century deaths
Archbishops of Ohrid
People of the Despotate of Epirus
13th-century jurists
13th-century Byzantine writers
Kelly McMichael is a Canadian singer-songwriter from Peterborough, Ontario, currently based in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador. Her debut full-length album Waves was released in 2021, and was shortlisted for the 2022 Polaris Music Prize.
A graduate of the integrated arts program at Peterborough Collegiate and Vocational School and the fine arts program at the University of Guelph, McMichael spent some time in Toronto before moving to St. John's, performing as a keyboardist in Gentleman Reg's band and fronting the pop band Rouge. After moving to St. John's she has performed both under her own name and under the stage name Renders, and began recording Waves in 2019. The album was delayed when she and her co-producer/engineer/drummer Jake Nicoll were both stranded back in Ontario during COVID-19 lockdowns, with production and mixing continuing remotely.
She has also performed as part of Sarah Harmer's band during her tour to support Are You Gone.
References
21st-century Canadian women singers
Canadian women singer-songwriters
Canadian women pop singers
Canadian women rock singers
Musicians from Peterborough, Ontario
Musicians from St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Long Beach City Council is the governing body of the City of Long Beach, California.
The council is composed of 9 members elected from single-member districts for four-year terms. The Mayor is the chief legislative officer of the City and has the power to veto actions of the City Council, presides at meetings of the City Council, and has no vote, but may participate fully in the deliberations and proceedings of the City Council.
Every two years, at the same time that Council members regularly take office for new terms, the Council selects one of its members to be the Vice-Mayor. As of 2018, annual salaries were $36,170 for council members and $144,655 for the mayor.
Regular council meetings are held in the Long Beach City Hall on Tuesdays at 5pm except on holidays or if decided by special resolution.
Current members
Officers:
Mayor: Robert Garcia
Vice-Mayor: Rex Richardson
References
California city councils
Government in Long Beach, California
Mass Appeal is an American media and content company based in New York City. The name originates from the Gang Starr song "Mass Appeal" from the album "Hard to Earn". The company was founded in 1996 as a graffiti fanzine and since has grown to encompass a magazine, website, film, television, music label and creative agency.
History
Mass Appeal published the first issue of Mass Appeal magazine in 1996. Initially, it covered a wide variety of pop culture topics such as graffiti culture, hip hop music, video games, cars and movies. It often provided coverage of young artists and performers that contributed to and shaped contemporary hip-hop culture. The magazine was started by Patrick Elasik (deceased) and Adrian Moeller and included columnists such as R.A. the Rugged Man, Matt Goias, Mister Cartoon, Estevan Oriol and Reas.
Mass Appeal launched a spin-off called Missbehave in 2006 that suspended publication in 2008. In 2013 Mass Appeal relaunched and resumed print with Earl Sweatshirt and Blake Anderson on the cover of Issue 52.
On April 10, 2013, Mass Appeal was revived when a group of investors, including American rapper Nas, decided to relaunch and expand the Mass Appeal brand. The deal included merging with creative firm Decon and White Owl Capital Partners, an early stage investment firm with business interests in technology, media and energy located in North America, Europe and China.
In June 2018, Mass Appeal signed a music distribution deal with Universal Music Group, which includes the rights to Nas's 11th studio album, as well as future releases by DJ Shadow, J Dilla and Run the Jewels.
Projects
Music
Mass Appeal Records is an American independent record label founded in 2014 by Mass Appeal. It is an urban alternative focused label with a roster of almost a dozen artists. The first project released on the label was Run The Jewels 2. The album received global critical acclaim and earned #1 spot at Pitchfork. The label has since gone on to release music from artists including Nas, Run the Jewels, Fashawn, Bishop Nehru, Boldy James, J Dilla, Dave East, Mannie Fresh, Cuz Lightyear and DJ Shadow. In May 2017, Mass Appeal announced a joint venture publishing company with Pulse Music Group. In June 2018, a new partnership with Universal Music Group was announced with the companies entering into a multi-year global agreement.
Film & TV
In 2013, Mass Appeal entered in a production partnership with CNN Films to produce a documentary, entitled Fresh Dressed, about hip-hop and fashion. The documentary was accepted to the prestigious Sundance Film Festival where it was sold to Samuel Goldwyn Films and StyleHaul.
TBS, a division of Turner, has collaborated with Mass Appeal and greenlit Storyville, a new digital animated series. The top-rated network is also in development on Think B.I.G., a scripted series based loosely on lyrics by the late Notorious B.I.G. The two projects are the first to emerge from a new strategic content partnership between TBS and Mass Appeal.
In 2017, Mass Appeal released Burn Motherfucker, Burn! on Showtime, a 2-hour documentary film exploring the lives of the people at the flashpoint of the LA riots, 25 years after the uprising made national headlines and highlighted the racial divide in America.
Word Is Bond, directed by Sacha Jenkins, was released in 2018 and explored the art of lyricism. What was born on the streets of the South Bronx has now taken root globally and the young poets of New York have helped to spawn regional dialects everywhere. Featuring excursions with artists like Nas, Tech9, J Cole, Rapsody and Anderson. Paak, the film explores the different dimensions that hip hop poetics occupy.
In 2018, Rapture was released on Netflix. This eight part docu-series featuring artists such as Nas, 2 Chainz, Dave East, T.I., G-Eazy, Rapsody, Logic, A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie and Just Blaze.
Digital
Mass Appeal Digital has produced digital video series including WATCHxWITNESS, its premiere photographic documentary series; Rhythm Roulette, a producer-driven series in which artists visit a music store, select three records at random, then create an instrumental on the spot, sampling from the three random records they chose. Since 2013, Rhythm Roulette has attracted talent such as 9th Wonder, Mannie Fresh, Just Blaze and many more. On The Grind is a series which examines the intersection of skate and creativity. Time Pieces is a series of short films that has featured Pharrell Williams, Jay Electronica, and Too Short. Off Tha' Wall is its comedic interview series. Open Space is an interview series that highlights creative people of all types in a context where they are free to speak their minds―the series has featured the likes Prodigy and Fat Joe as well as early interviews with upcoming acts such as Trippie Redd, Tekashi 6ix9ine, and Ski Mask the Slump God. The Mass Appeal Collection is a series of short documentaries focussing on up and coming artists and established stars. The Mass Appeal Collection has highlighted artists in their home towns including Post Malone in Dallas, Robb Bank$ in South Florida, and Young King Dave (RIP) in Middletown, New Jersey, as well as Quality Control's emergent female rap duo City Girls. Shop Talk is a Mass Appeal original series where musicians are invited to a local shop to check out what it is they have to offer. American rappers Post Malone, Dave East, and Playboi Carti have all appeared on the series. On Mass Appeal's original series, SUPER they ask artists to explain what their superhero alter-egos would be, and Mass Appeal's illustrators bring those characters to life. Kendrick Lamar, Fat Joe, and Lil Yachty have all taken part in the animated series. After initially appearing on Mass Appeal's YouTube channel as the unofficial music video for Migos's "Bitch Dab" (later titled "Look at My Dab"), the spontaneous music video by the American hip hop group went viral, with over 13 million views on YouTube. In 2019, the Digital department began reconfiguration efforts.
Creative
The agency division of Decon was relaunched under the Mass Appeal banner in 2013. Decon co-founder Jason Goldwatch still regularly contributes to projects. Mass Appeal Creative clients include Sprite, HBO and Under Armour.
In 2016, Mass Appeal partnered with HBO to launch a campaign for the 6th season of Game of Thrones, entitled "Art the Throne" ― going on to win the Bronze Clio & Webby People's Voice awards.
MassAppeal.com
MassAppeal.com is an outlet for youth-spawned urban culture. The site features daily original video and also publishes social content direct to various platforms. The site has been under reconfiguration since the beginning of 2018.
See also
BuzzFeed
Mic
Vice Media
References
Publishing companies based in New York (state)
Mass media companies of the United States
1996 establishments in New York (state)
Publishing companies established in 1996
Companies based in New York (state)
Taşoluk is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 427 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
James A. Bethea Jr. (born January 14, 1965) is an American writer, producer and occasional performer, primarily in the field of television. As the former Head of Current Programming for UPN, he is among a handful of African Americans to head a programming department at a broadcast network. Series overseen by him at UPN include Star Trek: Voyager, Dilbert, Clueless, and Moesha. As an actor, his work has included 2008's Iron Man and the 2010 sequel, Iron Man 2.
Early life and education
Bethea was born in New York City's Harlem, the son of Constance, a social worker, and James Sr., a hospital laboratory technician. Following the Bronx High School of Science, he attended Hunter College, majoring in Film and Communications with a minor in Computer Science.
Career
Bethea began his career in 1982 while a Bronx Science student, as a cast member of the Nickelodeon series Livewire. Finding the behind-the-camera aspects of television equally appealing, he obtained work as a production assistant, first at the Children's Television Workshop, then back at Nickelodeon as a Segment Producer for the 3-hour weekly variety show Total Panic. With high school classmate Karim Miteff, Bethea co-created and produced Nick Arcade, a groundbreaking virtual reality game show whose bluescreen process received an Ultimatte Award for Technical Achievement from the National Association of Broadcasters, as well as a Cable Ace nomination. The series format was licensed and produced worldwide, including as Zona De Juego in Spain for TVE. Bethea also co-created and produced the original Slime Time Live.
In 1997, Bethea was hired by Viacom's UPN as Director of Programming and promoted shortly after to Head of Current Programming. In this capacity, he supervised the production of the network's entire primetime slate, including comedy, drama and alternative series. He also appeared as a D&D Dungeon Master in high school classmate Jon Favreau's 1999 pilot Smog. Eventually, Bethea sold the network a pilot script of his own, The Gibsons and in 2000, returned to freelance producing. The script was not ordered to series.
Tapped again by Nickeodeon in 2003, Bethea developed and produced the TEENick Spin The Bottle franchise, in addition to composing its theme music. In 2005, Bethea began executive producing live television events. They include E!'s Live From the Red Carpet franchise and the 12th Critics' Choice Awards.
He is also the producer of two plays written by actor Mike O'Malley: Three Years From Thirty and Searching For Certainty.
Bethea donned a military uniform to portray an analyst for Jon Favreau in his 2008 Iron Man and its sequel, Iron Man 2; a nod to their days in high school as avid comic book fans.
Filmography
Actor
Iron Man (2008) - CAOC Analyst #4
Iron Man 2 (2010) - Security Force #1
Executive producer
Live From the Red Carpet: The 2005 Emmy Awards (2005)
E!'s Live Countdown to the Golden Globes (2006)
E!'s Live Countdown to the Academy Awards (2006)
E!'s Live Countdown to the Golden Globes (2007)
Live From the Red Carpet: The 2007 Golden Globe Awards (2007)
Live From the Red Carpet: The 2007 Screen Actor's Guild Awards (2007)
E!'s Live Countdown to the SAG Awards (2007)
Live From the Red Carpet: The 2007 Grammy Awards (2007)
E!'s Live Countdown to the Grammys (2007)
E!'s Live Countdown to the Academy Awards (2007)
Live From the Red Carpet: The 2007 Academy Awards (2007)
12th Annual Critics' Choice Awards (2007)
Executive in charge
Star Trek: Voyager (1995)
In The House (1995)
Malcolm & Eddie (1996)
The Sentinel (1996)
Sparks (1996)
Moesha (1996)
Clueless (1996)
Hitz (1997)
The Good News (1997)
Love Boat: The Next Wave (1998)
The Secret Diary of Desmond Pfeiffer (1998)
Legacy (1998)
Dilbert (1999)
Creator (developed)
Slimetime Live (1992)
Nick Arcade (1992)
TEENick: Spin the Bottle (2003)
References
External links
Film critics honour The Departed at BBC News
Martin Scorsese Scores Upset at Critics' Choice Awards Amid Oscar Fever 12th Annual Critics' Choice Awards at Fox News
12th Annual Critics' Choice Awards at E!
1965 births
American television producers
Hunter College alumni
Living people
The Bronx High School of Science alumni
People from Harlem
Writers from Manhattan
Television producers from New York City
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American male writers
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
African-American television producers
21st-century African-American writers
20th-century African-American writers
African-American actors
UPN television network executives
20th-century American writers
African-American male writers
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Valken Hill () is a hill 6 nautical miles (11 km) southwest of Marsteinen Nunatak in the north part of Ahlmann Ridge in Queen Maud Land. It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and air photos by the Norwegian expedition (1958–59) and named Valken (the roll).
Hills of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
The Hillberg Turbine Exec is an American helicopter that was designed and produced by Hillberg Helicopters of Fountain Valley, California. Now out of production, when it was available the aircraft was supplied as a conversion kit, for amateur construction.
Design and development
The aircraft was designed as a conversion kit for the Rotorway Exec, to convert it to turbine power, under the US Experimental - Amateur-built aircraft rules. The resulting aircraft features a single main rotor, a two-seats-in side-by-side configuration enclosed cockpit with a windshield, skid-type landing gear and a Solar T62 turbo-shaft engine. The T-62 was designed as an auxiliary power unit (APU) and used on helicopters such as the Boeing-Vertol CH-47 Chinook and Boeing-Vertol CH-46A Sea Knight. Due to the lightweight engine used the conversion kit, the aircraft's empty weight is reduced and the useful load is increased.
The Hillberg Turbine Exec fuselage is made from aluminum and steel tubing, plus fiberglass for the cockpit fairing. Its two-bladed main rotor has a diameter of . The aircraft has an empty weight of and a gross weight of , giving a useful load of . The cabin width is .
The Hillberg conversion kit included the T-62 engine, reduction gear clutch, tail rotor drive shaft and hangar bearings, main transmission and a new fuel tank.
Operational history
By March 2015 one example had been registered in the United States with the Federal Aviation Administration.
Specifications (Turbine Exec)
See also
List of rotorcraft
References
Turbine Exec
1990s United States sport aircraft
1990s United States helicopters
Homebuilt aircraft
Single-engined piston helicopters
Chloé Jouannet (born 17 October 1997) is a French-Swiss actress.
Biography
Jouannet is the daughter of actors Thomas Jouannet and Alexandra Lamy.
She made her first appearance in cinema at the age of 12 in a small role in the film Lucky Luke, where she acted alongside her mother and step-father, Jean Dujardin, but it was due to her role in the dramatic comedy My Summer in Provence, directed by Rose Bosch, that she came to prominence, where she played a rebellious teenager along with Jean Reno and Anna Galiena.
Personal life
In 2016, she officially confirmed her relationship with the actor .
She lived in London with her mother between 2013 and 2018.
Filmography
Film
2009: Lucky Luke (directed by James Huth) Eleanor
2014: My Summer in Provence (directed by Rose Bosch) Léa
2018: (directed by ) Raphaëlle, one of Stéphane's daughters
2019: Street Flow (directed by Kery James and ) Lisa
TV
2017-2019: Riviera (directed by Philipp Kadelbach) (series)
Since 2019: Infidèle (created by ) (series)
2019: (directed by Yann Samuell) (TV film)
Theatre
2018: The Vagina Monologues (directed by Eve Ensler), at the .
References
External links
Chloé Jouannet on Notre cinéma
1997 births
Living people
French film actresses
French television actresses
French stage actresses
French child actresses
21st-century French actresses
Swiss film actresses
Swiss television actresses
Swiss stage actresses
Pramod Tiwari (born 16 July 1952) is an Indian politician from the Indian National Congress party. He is a nine-time Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) from Rampur Khas assembly seat in Pratapgarh of Uttar Pradesh. He was elected as Member of Rajya Sabha in 2013 by-elections, for the vacant seat due to disqualification of sitting member Rasheed Masood and April 11, 2018 was the end of his term from Rajya Sabha.
Career
Pramod Tiwari was chosen as a member of Uttar Pradesh Assembly for the first time in the 1980s. He regularly won the Rampur Khas seat. He was the state minister of Uttar Pradesh from 1984 to 1989. Tiwari has won nine times in a row.
In 2007 election, Tiwari defeated Kunwar Viggyat Singh of the Samajwadi Party (SP) by a huge margin and in 2012 election, he defeated Hira Madi Patel of Bahujan Samajwadi Party by 31,544 votes.
On 6 June 2012, the Congress removed him as the Congress Legislature Party (CLP) leader and replaced him with Pradeep Mathur, a three-term MLA from Mathura.
Pramod Tiwari was chosen as a member of U.P. Assembly for the first time in the 1980 and won record nine times in a row from Rampur Khas seat in Pratapgarh district. He was the minister of U.P. from 1984 to 1989. He was also the Congress legislature party leader for a record time.
Pramod Tiwari became a Member of Parliament (Rajya Sabha) from Madhya Pradesh.
Record
Pramod Tiwari entered Guinness Book of World Records for winning Rampur Khas assembly seat for the 7th time in a row.
References
External links
http://www.congresssandesh.com/september-2002/states5.html
Times of India – India against Corruption members picket Congress leader Pramod Tiwari during anti-corruption protest
1951 births
Living people
People from Pratapgarh, Uttar Pradesh
Indian National Congress politicians
Tiwari Pramod
Manikarnikeswarar Temple is a Hindu temple located in the town of Thanjavur, India. The temple was constructed by Serfoji II in 1827. The principal deity is Manikarnikeswarar and the goddess, Mangala Nayaki Amman.
References
Hindu temples in Thanjavur
The Junior women's race at the 1996 IAAF World Cross Country Championships was held in Stellenbosch, South Africa, at the Danie Craven Stadium on March 23, 1996. A preview on the event was given in the Herald, and a report in The New York Times.
Complete results, medallists,
and the results of British athletes were published.
Race results
Junior women's race (4.22 km)
Individual
†: Krista Ranta-Pere of came in 90th in 16:00 min, Savita Birajdar of 98th in 16:12 min, and Lakshmaiah Manjula of 99th in 16:16 min, but all three were disqualified.
Teams
Note: Athletes in parentheses did not score for the team result
Participation
An unofficial count yields the participation of 115 athletes from 30 countries in the Junior women's race. This is in agreement with the official numbers as published.
(4)
(4)
(4)
(6)
(3)
(4)
(1)
(1)
(6)
(5)
(6)
(2)
(4)
(6)
(6)
(5)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(2)
(1)
(6)
(4)
(6)
(6)
(2)
(5)
(6)
(1)
(5)
See also
1996 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior men's race
1996 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior men's race
1996 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior women's race
References
Junior women's race at the World Athletics Cross Country Championships
IAAF World Cross Country Championships
1996 in women's athletics
1996 in youth sport
Brezje pod Nanosom (; ) is a small settlement below the eastern slopes of Mount Nanos in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name
The name of the settlement was changed from Brezje to Brezje pod Nanosom in 1953.
References
External links
Brezje pod Nanosom on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Postojna
Bonham is a surname of English and Welsh origin derived from the French phrase, bon homme, literally meaning "good man".
Notable people having this surname include:
Bill Bonham (born 1948), former Major League Baseball pitcher
Sir George Bonham, 1st Baronet (1803–1863), British colonial governor and governor of Hong Kong
Sir George Bonham, 2nd Baronet (1847–1927), British diplomat, son of the above
Henry Bonham (disambiguation), several people
Jack Bonham, Irish footballer, goalkeeper for Watford and Brentford
James Bonham (1807–1836), American soldier who died at the Battle of the Alamo
Jason Bonham (born 1966), drummer, son of John Bonham
John Bonham (disambiguation), several people
John Bonham (1948–1980), drummer of British classic rock band Led Zeppelin
Mildred Amanda Baker Bonham (1840–1907), American traveler, journalist
Milledge Luke Bonham (1813–1890), Confederate General
Prudence Bonham (born 1948), Australian former politician and marine biologist
Reginald Bonham (1906–1984), English blind chess player
Tiny Bonham (1913–1949), pitcher for the New York Yankees and the Pittsburgh Pirates
Tracy Bonham (born 1969), American musician
See also
Goodman (surname)
References
Surnames of English origin
George William Clarke (10 April 1869 – 26 August 1955) was an English cricketer. Clarke's batting and bowling styles are unknown. He was born at Northampton, Northamptonshire.
Clarke made a single first-class appearance for Northamptonshire against Kent in the 1908 County Championship. In Northamptonshire's first-innings he was run out for a duck, while in their second-innings he was dismissed for the same score by Punter Humphreys. With the ball, Clarke took the wickets of Frank Woolley and Arthur Fielder.
He died at the town of his birth on 26 August 1955.
References
External links
George Clarke at ESPNcricinfo
George Clarke at CricketArchive
1869 births
1955 deaths
Cricketers from Northampton
English cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
Cricket in Austria is a sport growing in popularity played mostly in Summer.
History
Having been played by the gardeners of rich aristocratic families at the end of the 19th century - at which time Vienna Cricket and Football Club was founded, cricket disappeared in Austria until after the Second World War, when it was played by British occupying troops on a recreational basis.
The modern era as such began in May 1975, when Kerry Tattersall introduced the game to his pupils at the commercial academy where he was teaching English and formed Vienna Cricket Club. Early opponents came from the United Nations (United Nations CC) and diplomatic services (Five Continents CC) and these founder clubs survive to this day.
Cricket remains predominantly Viennese-based with nine of the 13 member clubs being based in Vienna. CC Velden '91 is the oldest non-Viennese club, operating since 1991. The latest addition to the ACA is the Under-19 team Austrian Daredevils Cricket Club (ADCC) from Vienna.
Grounds
Up to 1995, when Seebarn Cricket Ground was built close to Vienna, cricket had been played nomadically on multi-purpose sports grounds, often with a mat put down on a hockey or football ground.
After Seebarn, three other cricket grounds have been constructed: one in Vienna, which is the home ground of Austria CC Vienna, one in Velden, Carinthia, home of CC Velden '91, and one in Graz, home of Graz Cricket Academy.
International competition
In the past, Austria has hosted and participated in numerous ICC European competitions, having been instrumental in setting up the European Indoor Championships, and also hosting the ICC European Trophy twice - finishing second on both occasions.
In 2002, Austria played in the ICC European Championships for the first time, with a close loss to Gibraltar being its best performance.
They did not compete again until 2009, when they took part in European Championship Division Four in Cyprus. A decent performance was put up as it won four out of five matches, finishing below Cyprus and Switzerland only on net run-rate.
Domestic competitions
Competitive outdoor cricket matches have been organised by the ACA for more than 20 years in different formats, with the ACA Open League considered the premier tournament. The ACA Trophy, which had previously been a 40-overs-per-side tournament switched to a 20-over format in 2008.
Furthermore, the Austrian clubs organise indoor and outdoor tournaments and friendly fixtures amongst themselves and against touring teams. There are 13 member clubs in the ACA, predominantly from Vienna.
Cricket Development
Austria CC Vienna (Vienna) sets an example to the other clubs with its youth, women's and schools' cricket development programme, which has been masterminded by Siva Nadarajah, whose commitment to Austrian cricket over nearly 30 years has been second to none. Its junior teams play regularly against teams from neighboring countries and have been exceptionally successful in recent years.
In 2019, Graz Cricket Academy was formed, with the stated aim of growing the game in Austria at all levels; men, women and youth.
References
Henri Edouard Claudel (13 January 1871 – 20 February 1956) was a French general.
Early career and First World War
Claudel became a lieutenant-colonel on 24 September 1911, before being assigned to the 3rd Senegalese Tirailleurs regiment on 24 February 1913. He became a knight of the Legion of Honour on 11 May 1913 and was promoted to colonel on 1 November 1914, at the same time receiving command of the 3rd Colonial Infantry Regiment. He was soon after (6 December) posted to command of the 33rd Infantry Regiment before assuming command of the 65th Infantry Brigade on 10 January 1915. On 31 August Claudel became Chief of Staff of the fortress region of Verdun and on 11 October assumed the same role in the Eastern Army Group. He became second aide de camp to the General Staff of the French Army on 22 January 1916 and on 1 October was promoted to Général de Brigade, soon after (28 October) being made an officer of the Legion of Honour. Claudel held the position of second aide de camp to the General Staff of the armies of the north and north-east from 17 December 1916 to 2 May 1917. On 20 May he was placed in command of the 59th Reserve Infantry Division, a post he held until his promotion to Général de Division and commander of the 17th Corps on 10 June 1918.
Post-war career
He remained with 17th Corps beyond the end of the First World War until 1 March 1919 when he was without posting until made commander of the French Army of the East on 20 May. He was released from this role on 8 April 1920, became a commander of the Legion of Honour on 16 June, and was without a position until 12 November when he became a member of the Advisory Committee on Colonial Defence. On 17 March 1922 he was placed in command of the troops in French West Africa, a role he filled until 23 February 1924. On 17 October Claudel was made commander of the French Colonial Corps and from 3 June 1925 to 13 January 1936 was Inspector General of Colonial Troops, a post he held at the same time as chairing the Advisory Committee on Colonial Defence. He became a grand officer of the Legion of Honour on 21 December 1926 and from 5 December 1927 to 13 January 1936 (when he was placed on the reserve list) Claudel was a member of the Supreme Council of War. He received promotion to Grand Cross of the Legion of Honour on 30 December 1933.
Decorations
In addition to holding the rank of Grand Cross of the Legion of Honour Claudel held many military awards and decorations. These included the prestigious Médaille militaire for leadership and the Croix de Guerre, the Médaille Interalliée and Médaille commémorative de la guerre for service in the First World War. He also held the Colonial Medal with clasps for Morocco 1925, Senegal, Ivory Coast, Sudan, French West Africa and Mauritania. Claudel was also recognised with awards from foreign governments including the Croix de Guerre and commander of the Order of Leopold of Belgium, the Distinguished Service Medal of the United States and the Grand Cross of the Order of Ouissam Alaouite of Morocco.
References
Files of the Defence Historical Service (13 Yd 1 176)
1871 births
1956 deaths
French generals
Grand Croix of the Légion d'honneur
Recipients of the Croix de Guerre 1914–1918 (France)
Recipients of the Croix de guerre (Belgium)
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
French military personnel of World War I
Foreign recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (United States)
The following is a list of the 799 communes in the French department of Aisne.
The communes cooperate in the following intercommunalities (as of 2020):
Communauté d'agglomération Chauny Tergnier La Fère
Communauté d'agglomération du Pays de Laon
Communauté d'agglomération de la Région de Château-Thierry
Communauté d'agglomération du Saint-Quentinois
CA GrandSoissons Agglomération
Communauté de communes du Canton de Charly-sur-Marne
Communauté de communes du Canton d'Oulchy-le-Château
Communauté de communes de la Champagne Picarde
Communauté de communes du Chemin des Dames
Communauté de communes de l'Est de la Somme (partly)
Communauté de communes du Pays de la Serre
Communauté de communes du Pays du Vermandois
Communauté de communes Picardie des Châteaux
Communauté de communes des Portes de la Thiérache
Communauté de communes Retz en Valois
Communauté de communes de la Thiérache du Centre
Communauté de communes Thiérache Sambre et Oise
Communauté de communes des Trois Rivières
Communauté de communes du Val de l'Aisne
Communauté de communes du Val de l'Oise
References
Aisne
The Trois-Saumons river water mill in Saint-Jean-Port-Joli was already in operation during the French regime in New France. An 1815 engraving by Joseph Bouchette shows the Aubert de Gaspé mill surrounded by an important industrial establishment: the Harrower distillery. Around 1980, its owner, Mr. Edmond Hudon, then in his eighties, was still operating it, but in slow motion. At the time, this mill was one of the last water mills of Quebec and Canada.
The Trois-Saumons River Watermill in Saint-Jean-Port-Joli is located upstream from route 132.
Notes and references
Further reading
Adam, Francine. "The water mills of Quebec, From the time of the lords to the time of today", Montreal, Éditions de l'Homme, 2009, 191 pages
Adam-Villeneuve, Francine. "The Watermills of the St. Lawrence Valley", Montreal, Éditions de l'Homme, 1978, 478 pages
Watermills in Canada
Buildings and structures in Chaudière-Appalaches
L'Islet Regional County Municipality
Eugène Prévost is the name of:
Eugène Prévost (cyclist) (1863–1961), French cyclist
Eugène Prévost (carpenter) (1898–1965), French Canadian carpenter
Eugène Prévost (musician) (1809–1872), French composer
Desisa reseolata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1974. It is known from Borneo.
References
Desisa
Beetles described in 1974
Donja Kravarica is a village in the municipality of Lučani, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 358 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
is a fictional character who appears in Katsura Hoshino's manga D.Gray-man. Cross is an exorcist in charge of eliminating creatures known as Akumas alongside using the power of the Innocence. The abusive teacher of the series' main character, Allen Walker, Cross initially appears in flashbacks of the story that involve his poor treatment towards the young exorcist until he appears in an area known as Noah's Ark to save his student from a descendant of the Noah clan. Shortly afterwards, the reasons for Cross' disappearance are explained, as it is mentioned that he is associated with a former Noah, who is also connected with Allen. Outside the D.Gray-man manga and anime series, Cross has also appeared in a light novel prequel, which shows that he has been investigating Allen ever since the child worked in a circus.
Cross Marian was created by Hoshino, who noted that his importance within the storyline tends to create big impacts within the storyline and recurring characters, most notably Allen. However, Cross Marian's design gave Hoshino difficulties, owing to his large hair and the fact that the character always wears half of a mask. Cross Marian has been well-received by D.Gray-man Japanese fanbase, often appearing in popularity polls from the series. Critical reception to Cross Marian has been generally positive due to his impact in the story and his complicated relationship with Allen.
Creation and design
Manga author Katsura Hoshino had multiple ideas when deciding on the concept on how Cross Marian's design would expose his personality. As Hoshino wanted to give Cross a dark aura involving his lack of caring for others, she would give him a sloppily exorcist outfit. Eventually, she decided to instead give him a hat for his first appearances, clarifying that it meant to explain how Cross is an adult and can take care of himself. A scrapped idea of Cross involved him wearing more fashionable clothes including an umbrella that would turn into his weapon.
Hoshino described Cross as a character who is involved in multiple hardships due to knowing secret information that is revealed across the series. While initially a minor character, the reveal that Cross made a pact with the 14th Noah, Nea D. Campbell, changed the way she wrote him. As a result, when more information regarding Cross is revealed, the character lets its steam in a surprising way. Hoshino additionally stated that the character behaves on instinct. Furthermore, she believes the way Cross Marian moves might cause the surroundings to be "on fire" due to the information Cross Marian reveals.
While finding Cross initially hard to design based on his long hair, Hoshino finds his facial expressions easier to draw. A major difficulty in illustrating Cross comes from how the ends of hair curl up. Shedraw those curls by turning her wrist. As Cross' fate after being attacked was remained ambiguous, Hoshino stated a young Cross would appear in the future, once the truth about Noah Nea is revealed. Despite also noting the poor treatment Cross gives to Allen, Hoshino states Cross cares for his student, most notably whenever Allen misbehaves. Cross was voiced by Hiroki Tōchi in Japanese. Due to Cross appearing early in the series only in the form as flashbacks of Allen, Tōchi only worked with this area of the series. As a result, he wanted the first anime to expand in order to further portray his character once he made his introduction. He is voiced by Christopher Sabat in English.
Appearances
Four years before the storyline and after receiving his orders, he ceased communication with the Black Order. However, recently, he is shown to have infiltrated the Noah's Ark. Cross is a demanding individual who is hard to please, is a heavy drinker, and has been described as a gambler and a womanizer by most. He is often covered in debts, which he would use Allen and the Noah Jasdevi to pay for him. Cross has the unique ability to convert Akuma and make them work under his orders. Before his suspected death, the 14th Noah told Cross to look after Mana Walker, as the 14th will return to him one day. During the main story, Cross often appears in flashbacks, most notably in Allen's due to his abusive treatment he gave to exorcist when training him. This traumatizes Allen in a comic relief fashion as he has to pay multiple debts from his teacher.
When the Black Order learns the Noah's descendants are targeting their strongest exorcists, known as "mariscals". In order to aid the Cross and other mariscals, the exorcists are sent to find them in Japan. However, the Noah Jasdevi loses him. Cross hides into an area known as Noah's Ark, until saving Allen and his friends from the berserker Noah Tyki Mikk. The only Exorcist to have control of two anti-Akuma weapons, Cross uses as a revolver to weaken Tyki. Cross is also able to use magic to control the corpse of a female Exorcist named Maria, allowing him to use her Parasite-type anti-Akuma weapon. Her defensive ability uses her song to create illusions that can conceal the presence of others. When the Millennium Earl, the leader of the Noahs, rescues Tyki, Cross orders his student to repair the ark, much to his confusion. Allen manages to restore the Ark due to his body moving against his will. Shortly afterwards, Cross returns to the Black Order headquarters.
In the Black Order's new Headquarters, Cross is doubted by his superiors of the main reason for his disappearance. Malcolm C. Rouvelier deduces that Cross disappeared on purpose to meet a person simply known as the "14th" who is also related with Allen's ability to control the Ark. The Order is then invaded by an army of Akumas, which causes Cross to join forces with the other exorcists and mariscals to stop them. Although he is defeated by the evolved Level 4 Akuma, Cross manages to return to fight and defeat the Akuma alongside Allen and Lenalee Lee. Few months later, Cross reveals to Allen that his body is the vessel of the 14th Noah. Afterwards, Cross' body is seen covered in blood, but it disappears, leaving only a supporting message to his student through a golem known as Timcampy. Allen later learns that a sentient Innocence, Apocryphos, was involved in Cross's disappearance. Cross later appears in a sidestory chapter which shows how he treated for the younger traumatized Allen after his adoptive father was turned into an Akuma. He once again appears within Allen's mind when the 14th is taking over his student's body, and gives him the location of a woman who might tell her the truth behind the Noah.
Outside of the main series, Cross also appears in the light novel Lost Fragments of Snow, where he investigates Allen's life in a circus and briefly tells the child not to be involved with Mana, who still did not adopt him.
Reception
Cross Marian was well received by manga readers of D.Gray-man in Japan, often appearing within the top ten in the character polls.
Critics for manga and anime have generally enjoyed Cross Marian's characterization and role in the story. The book Representing Multiculturalism in Comics and Graphic Novels noted that the character's name has a common element within the series, which is to add a coherent level of narrative, as seen in the multiple uses of "Cross"; D.Gray-man often makes use of symbolism in regards to Christian religion through its themes, and story. Manga News compared Cross Marian's debut in the manga as similar to the ones from the Bleach series by Tite Kubo, while finding him as one of the most overpowered characters in the story so far based on his fight against Tyki. Comic Book Bin enjoyed Cross' debut in the Noah's Ark, praising his battle against the Noah which he felt was illustrated well. Grant Goodman of Pop Culture Shock found the discussion between Cross Marian and Allen Walker in regards to the student being revealed as a Noah to the point it felt as intense as a fight scene. Anime News Network acclaimed how the search for Cross Marian was handled in the story; while during multiple episodes, the main characters go searching for him until he returns to the Order. Shortly, he is believed to have been killed due to the Hallows first episode, ending with his body being covered with blood and then disappearing, much to the shock of the members from the cast despite Cross being noted as the strongest exorcist within the series. IGN enjoyed how Hallow allowed to explore the relationship between Cross Marian and Allen, despite some confusing moments in regards to how their discussion is handled. Like Anime News Network, the cliffhanger involving Cross' apparent death made the IGN reviewer excited more how the story would be later explored.
In a latter review by IGN, Cross Marian's death was noted to have a major impact on Allen, but criticized the shift of tone due to the story jumping to another arc rather than exploring Cross Marian's death. Manga Tokyo instead liked the handling of this revelation as Cross' death remains as a mystery most possibly done by a character within the Black Order rather than the series' antagonists, the Noah. Although Cross Marian does not appear in following episodes, reviewers liked his background and relationship explored in the series' finale. Anne Lauenroth wrote that while the character might have been dead, Cross Marian's words and care give Allen a "path" during darker and solo journey now that Allen has left the Order and is fighting his inner Noah. Manga Tokyo was amazed by Cross Marian's characterization in the finale; despite initially been seen as a person who dislikes his student, the way Cross treated the young and traumatized in the flashbacks left the complete opposite impression on the reviewer, due to how the General treated Allen during his darkest days.
References
D.Gray-man characters
Male characters in anime and manga
Fictional exorcists
Muratfakılar is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 93 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Ossian's Hall of Mirrors is a Georgian structure located at The Hermitage in Dunkeld, Scotland.
History of the site
The original view-house
The Hermitage and Ossian's Hall of Mirrors was originally an unremarkable view-house in a position overlooking the Black Linn Falls of the Braan, a tributary of the River Tay. This folly was built on a rocky outcrop for the 2nd Duke of Atholl in 1757.
Ossian's shrine
The Hermitage was redecorated in 1783 as a shrine to the blind bard, Ossian. Ossian is supposed to have lived and written his heroic verse around the 3rd century.
The redecorated hall was intended to evoke features of 'shock' and 'amazement' in the viewers' minds; the room from where views of the waterfall were taken was lined with mirrors which made the spectator imagine that the water was appearing from all angles. William Wordsworth composed a poem which described the 'World of Wonder' in this room. Another description states that in the 1780s, visitors entering were met by a painting of Ossian serenading a group of maidens. The guide operated a device that withdrew the painting into the wall, providing access to another room - a hall of mirrors - giving the illusion of water pouring all around reflecting the river cascading outside. In 1803 the hall had walks that were intersected, here and there, by a small garden of fine flowers among rocks and stones'. These small-scale gardens have since gone.
In 1803 Dorothy Wordsworth wrote "The waterfall, which we came to see, warned us by a loud roaring that we might expect it; we first, however, conducted into a small compartment, where the gardener desired us to look at a painting of the figure of Ossian, which, while he was telling us the story of the young artist who performed the work, disappeared, parting in the middle, flying asunder as if by the touch of magic, and lo! we are at the entrance of a splendid room, which was almost dizzy and alive with waterfalls, that tumbled in all directions - the great cascade, which was opposite to the window that faced us, being reflected in innumerable mirrors upon the ceiling and against the walls".
Early literary accounts of the Hall of Mirrors
Garnett in 1800 visited the site. He describes the 'Hall of Mirrors' as having its sides and ceiling covered with mirrors, in which "the cascade is seen by reflection, sometimes running upwards, contrary to the direction of gravity, and sometimes in a horizontal stream over the head."
The decline and restoration of the site
In 1869 vandals blew up part of Ossian's Hall and the area was left to decay. In 1943 the 8th Duchess of Atholl donated it and 33 acres (13.3ha) of, by then, coniferous woodland along the banks of the River Braan to the National Trust for Scotland in accordance with the wishes of the late Duke. The National Trust for Scotland restored the building in 2007 for the use and enjoyment of the public.
Similar structures
Bonnington Pavilion
References
Houses completed in 1757
Buildings and structures in Perth and Kinross
Tourist attractions in Perth and Kinross
The Vesta Nunataks () is a small group of nunataks rising to about 1,200 m, lying between Grikurov Ridge in the LeMay Range and Aeolus Ridge in Planet Heights, situated near the east coast of Alexander Island, Antarctica. In association with the names of planets and their satellites in this area, they were named after Vesta, an asteroid that lies between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter. They were named by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1987.
See also
Caninus Nunatak
Horsa Nunataks
Recluse Nunatak
Nunataks of Alexander Island
Philippe Coindreau is a French naval officer. He joined the Navy in 1979 and qualified as a pilot in 1984. He served as Major General of the Armed Forces from 1 September 2016 to August 31, 2018.
References
1959 births
Living people
Admirals of France
Military personnel from Toulon
École Navale alumni
Commandeurs of the Légion d'honneur
Grand Officers of the National Order of Merit (France)
Recipients of the Cross for Military Valour
Recipients of the Aeronautical Medal
The Markha River is a river in Ladakh, India. It is a tributary of the Zanskar River and starts at the junction of the Langtang Chu and Nimaling Chu. Villages along the river valley include Skiu (Skyu), Markha, Umlung and Hangkar (Hankar). The Markha River lies within the Hemis National Park.
The Markha Valley is one of the most popular trekking routes in Ladakh, accessible from Ganda La pass near Spituk in the west, which is usually the beginning point of the trek, and Gongmaru La pass near Hemis, where the trek usually ends. Villages on the route of Markha valley trek are Rumbak, Shingo, Skyu, Sara, Markha and Hankar.
Towards the head of the valley you can find the Kang Yatze, a mountain. The Markha River also passes to the south of the Stok range which includes the Stok Kangri mountain.
Nomadic families herd their yaks in this valley. Many small monasteries exist, of which Techa gompa is the most important Buddhist monastery in the Markha valley.
References
External links
Rivers of Ladakh
Rivers of India
Zaw Min () was the Minister for Electric Power-1 of Myanmar (Burma). A retired Colonel in the Myanmar Army, he resigned his ministerial position 28 August 2012.
Shooting incidents in 1998
In May 1998, Colonel Zaw Min landed on Christie Island and found 59 people living there to gather wood and bamboo, in violation of Burmese law. Senior General Than Shwe ordered them to be "eliminated" and all were subsequently murdered by Zaw Min's soldiers. Several days later, the 22-man crew of a Thai fishing boat that strayed into Burmese waters were also executed and their bodies buried on Christie Island.
References
People from Bago Region
Government ministers of Myanmar
Burmese military personnel
1951 births
Living people
Union Solidarity and Development Party politicians
Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List
James Rayner Noble (born August 7, 1961) is an American former baseball coach and player. He last served as NCAA Division I college baseball head coach at the University of Houston. In 13 years of coaching Houston Cougars baseball, he is the winningest coach in Cougars history. Noble's coaching career record is 526-388. (.581).
A native of Houston, Texas, Noble attended Spring Woods High School and holds both a bachelor's and master's degree from the University of Houston.
From 1983 to 1987, Noble played Minor League Baseball in the Houston Astros organization.
Noble wore one of the highest numbers in college baseball (#85, as opposed to his playing #9), which he said he wore to remind himself of becoming a Christian in 1985.
After suffering the first consecutive losing seasons of his career, Noble parted ways with UH on June 4, 2010.
On September 17, 2021, Noble was inducted into the University of Houston Hall of Honor.
Head coaching record
References
External links
TheBaseballCube.com player stats
1961 births
Living people
Houston Cougars baseball coaches
Houston Cougars baseball players
Rice Owls baseball coaches
All-American college baseball players
Baseball players from Houston
People from Foard County, Texas
Bury is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Bury, Greater Manchester, England, and it is unparished. The central area of the town and the surrounding countryside contain 67 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, one is listed at Grade I, the highest of the three grades, three are at Grade II*, the middle grade, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade.
Since the Industrial Revolution Bury has been mainly an industrial and commercial town, its major industry in the past being cotton, with diversification of industries since. The listed buildings include farmhouses in the surrounding countryside, private houses and associated structures in and around the central area, churches, public houses, banks and other commercial buildings, civic buildings, structures associated with the East Lancashire Railway, an armoury, two drinking fountains, a statue of Sir Robert Peel, a bridge, monuments, and three war memorials.
Key
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in Greater Manchester
Listed
Heta is a conventional name for the historical Greek alphabet letter Eta (Η) and several of its variants, when used in their original function of denoting the consonant .
Overview
The letter Η had been adopted by Greek from the Phoenician letter Heth () originally with this consonantal sound value, and Hēta was its original name. The Italic alphabets, and ultimately Latin, adopted the letter H from this Greek usage. However, Greek dialects progressively lost the sound from their phonological systems. In the Ionic dialects, where this loss of happened early, the name of the letter naturally changed to Ēta, and the letter was subsequently turned from a consonant to a new use as a vowel, denoting the long half-open sound. In this function it later entered the classical orthography adopted across the whole of Greece. According to traditional accounts, the new vowel, Ēta, was originally the innovation of the poet Simonides of Ceos (556-468 BC).
In dialects that still had the sound as part of their phonological systems, including early Athens, the same letter continued to be used in its consonantal function. Just like vocalic Eta, it could occur in a number of glyph variants in different local varieties of the alphabet, including one shaped like a square "8" similar to the original Phoenician (), but also a plain square (), a crossed square (), shapes with two horizontal () or with diagonal bars ().
During the classical era, more dialects adopted the new Ionian vocalic Eta (as Athens did around c. 400 BC). As many of these dialects nevertheless still also pronounced , they faced the problem of distinguishing between their own old consonantal symbol and the new vocalic symbol. Some dialects, including classical Attic, simply omitted the marking of the -sound. In others (for instance Rhodes), the same symbol was used in both functions. Others distinguished between glyph variants, for instance in Delphi by using the closed square sign () for , and the open H for the vowel. In the southern Italian colonies of Heracleia and Tarentum, a new innovative shape for was invented, consisting of a single vertical stem and a rightward-pointing horizontal bar, like a half H (). From this sign, later scholars developed the rough breathing or spiritus asper, which brought back the marking of the old sound into the standardized post-classical (polytonic) orthography of Greek in the form of a diacritic.
From scholia to the grammar of Dionysius Thrax, it appears that the memory of the former consonantal value of the letter Η was still alive in the era of the Alexandrine Koiné insofar as the name of the vocalic η was still pronounced "heta" and accordingly written with a rough breathing. The later standard spelling of the name eta, however, has the smooth breathing.
Under the Roman emperor Claudius in the mid-1st century AD, Latin briefly re-borrowed the letter in the shape of the half-H tack glyph, as one of the so-called Claudian letters. It denoted the sonus medius, a short close vowel sound of a quality between me and u.
In modern transcriptions and editions of ancient Greek epigraphic text that use consonantal Heta, in any of its shapes, the letter is most often rendered simply with a Latin h, both in Latin transliteration and in Greek scholarly transcriptions (using lowercase in Greek, so that Latin h and Greek η are distinct). Some authors have also adopted the Heracleian "tack" Heta () for use in modern transcription. Jeffery (1961) uses the tack symbol also as a modern label for the abstract grapheme, i.e. as a cover label for any letter shape denoting in any given local alphabet.
Computer encoding
The Unicode standard of computer encoding introduced code points for a tack-shaped "Greek letter Heta" designed for this usage in its version 5.1 of April 2008. Like other archaic letters, Unicode Heta comes in an uppercase and lowercase variant to cater for the needs of modern typography. Type designers have created several designs for this new typographic lowercase form, one of them resembling a lowercase Latin h with a straight rightward horizontal bar. The Greek Heta codepoints are distinct from another set designed to represent the tack-shaped Claudian "Latin letter half H" (Latin Extended-C).
See also
Turnstile (symbol) (Similar looking glyphs)
References
Greek letters
The neofiti () were a group of Italian anusim, also known as crypto-Jews, living in Southern Italy.
History
The neofiti were descendants of Jews who were forced to convert to Roman Catholicism in 1493. They continued to secretly practice certain elements of Judaism, as did many of their descendants.
In the 1490s the Spanish Inquisition ruthlessly hunted the neofiti and many were tortured and executed, especially in Sicily.
Today, some descendants of neofiti in Calabria and Apulia have converted back to Judaism and revived their former Jewish congregations.
See also
Dönmeh
Allahdad
Chala
Converso
Marrano
Targum Neofiti
History of the Jews in Apulia
History of the Jews in Calabria
History of the Jews in Sicily
References
External links
terminiimerese.wordpress.com
escholarship.org
Jewish Italian history
Italian people of Jewish descent
Crypto-Jews
The 2018 KNSB Dutch Sprint Championships in speed skating were held in Heerenveen at the Thialf ice skating rink from 27 January to 28 January 2018. The tournament was part of the 2017–2018 speed skating season. Dai Dai N'tab and Letitia de Jong won the sprint titles. The sprint championships were held at the same time as the 2018 KNSB Dutch Allround Championships.
Schedule
Medalist
Men's sprint
Women's sprint
Classification
Men's sprint
Women's sprint
Source:
References
KNSB Dutch Sprint Championships
KNSB Dutch Sprint Championships
2018 Sprint
Ellen Sturgis Hooper (February 17, 1812 – November 3, 1848) was an American poet. A member of the Transcendental Club, she was widely regarded as one of the most gifted poets among the New England Transcendentalists. Her work is occasionally reprinted in anthologies.
She was, besides, sister of Caroline Sturgis Tappan, also a Transcendentalist and poet, as well as an acquaintance of William Ellery Channing, Margaret Fuller, Nathaniel Hawthorne, and Henry James, Sr.
Biography
Ellen Sturgis was born in Boston, Massachusetts, the daughter of William Sturgis and Elizabeth M. Davis. Her father was a wealthy Boston merchant. Her mother was an intelligent and independent woman who spent much time away from her husband, inspiring in her daughter the idea to seek self-fulfillment.
In 1837, she married physician Robert William Hooper, though her friends said they were not a good match because he was intellectually inferior. Margaret Fuller, for example, said the match was like "perfume... wasted on the desert wind". The couple had three children: Ellen Sturgis "Nella" Hooper (1838–1887), who married professor Ephraim Whitman Gurney (1829–1886), Edward William "Ned" Hooper (1839–1901), and Marian "Clover" Hooper, who married Henry Adams and became a celebrated Washington, D.C., hostess and photographer.
Hooper's poetry was regularly commissioned by Ralph Waldo Emerson and published in The Dial. Her poems also appeared in Elizabeth Peabody's Æsthetic Papers (1849), and the final stanzas of one of her poems, The Wood-Fire, appear in Henry David Thoreau's Walden (1854).
Hooper died of tuberculosis at age 36. Her early death is said to have "enshrined her in the memories of her associates as a Transcendental angel."
See also
List of female poets
References
External links
FemBio
Ellen Sturgis Hooper at the Walden Woods Project
1812 births
1848 deaths
American women poets
19th-century American women writers
Members of the Transcendental Club
Writers from Boston
19th-century American poets
Sturgis family
William Russell Van Aken (December 1, 1912 – September 28, 1993) was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1943 through 1944 and from 1947 through 1948. He was on the Shaker Heights City Council from 1951 to 1955 serving as Mayor. A lawyer, he was president of the Ohio Bar Association (1958–1959).
References
Politicians from Cleveland
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Lafayette College alumni
Case Western Reserve University alumni
American people of Dutch descent
Burials at Lake View Cemetery, Cleveland
Politicians from Shaker Heights, Ohio
1912 births
1993 deaths
20th-century American politicians
Djibouti–Germany relations refers to bilateral relations between Djibouti and Germany.
History
Diplomatic relations were established in 1978. The importance Germany attaches to relations with Djibouti was underlined by the opening of a German Embassy there in spring 2010. Djibouti, for its part, opened an embassy in Berlin in autumn 2011, its ambassador being accredited in late November 2011.
See also
Foreign relations of Germany
Foreign relations of Djibouti
References
Bilateral relations of Germany
Germany
Katharina "Kathinka" von Oheimb, née van Endert (January 2, 1879 in Neuss – March 22, 1962 in Düsseldorf) was a German politician, publisher, and salonnière.
Political career
From 1920 to 1924 Katharina von Oheimb was one of the 36 women amongst the 466 representatives of the 1. Reichstag of the Weimar Republic. Despite being a member of the national liberal German People's Party she tended toward socialist beliefs. Until 1931, she was entitled as the secretary of the Pro Palestine Committee.
During the Weimar Republic, she hosted one of the most significant political salons in Berlin. Bankers and industrialists, ministers, military personnel, and artists socialized at her house at Kurfürstendamm (1919-1926) and later in her new apartment at Matthäikirchstreet 32. Her social and political engagement comprised a variety of activities and appointments, for instance her board membership of the East Prussia Relief. She took custodianship of illegitimate children and supported orphans. She was a friend of campaigner for women's rights Minna von Caurer, with whom she founded the "Bund for Mutterschutz" (League for Maternity Protection) together with sex educator Helene Stöcker. In 1922, she started educational courses for women hoping to prepare them for their rather new suffrage and opportunities to run for political office. Amongst the invited speakers were Gustav Stresemann and Clara Mende. As a result of her visibility in society and her turbulent private life, journalist and author Kurt Tucholsky addressed her in his derogative toned poem "An Frau von Oheimb" in 1930.
Personal life
Katharina von Oheimb was the daughter of the furniture and silk goods manufacturer Rudolf van Endert. After his death in 1881, her mother Elisabeth continued the proceedings. Katharina's brothers–Josef and Rudolf–later entered the business.
Katharina von Oheimb was married four times. At age 19, she married the industrialist Felix Daelen who founded the "Glyco-Metallwerke". They had three children together, however, the fourth child Paul-Felix, born in the time of their marriage, was fathered by her second husband. Nevertheless, Paul-Felix later became director of Glyco factory. She and her husband divorced in 1905, after Katharina had left the family. Her second husband, Ernst Albert, was the son of industrialist Heinrich Albert. Their daughter Elisabeth's second husband was conductor Wilhelm Furtwängler making Katharina von Oheimb the grandmother of actress Kathrin Ackermann and great-grandmother of actress Maria Furtwängler. Albert died in 1911, after a mountaineering accident in Tyrol. Katharina continued the business of his ceramic factory and married Albert's best friend, and owner of a manor, Hans Joachim von Oheimb. They divorced in 1921. In 1927, she married her former parliamentary colleague Siegfried von Kardoff, who ran for second vice president of the Reichstag.
References
External links
Katharina von Oheimb in Database of Members of the German Parliament
Katharina von Oheimb in Database of German Biographies
1879 births
1962 deaths
German People's Party politicians
People from Neuss
Torslanda IK is a local sports club in Torslanda, Gothenburg, Sweden.
History
Torslanda IK was founded in 1944 by Anders Tullock, Bengt Tullock and Erik Danielsson. In the 1950s the sports club created sections for football, table tennis, handball, and hockey. In the 1960s gymnastics and in 1972 bowling were added.
The men's A football team won Division VI titles in 1981 and 1985. The men's A team advanced to Division IV in 1987, winning that title in 1996.
The club's original clubhouse was built in 1979 at Torslandavallen but was destroyed by fire in 1992. A replacement clubhouse was inaugurated in March 1994.
Torslanda IK are affiliated to the Göteborgs Fotbollförbund.
Season to season
* League restructuring in 2006 resulted in a new division being created at Tier 3 and subsequent divisions dropping a level.
Current squad
External links
Torslanda IK official website
Footnotes
Football clubs in Västra Götaland County
Association football clubs established in 1944
1944 establishments in Sweden
The Institut National d'Histoire de l'Art (, National Institute for Art History), commonly abbreviated INHA, is a French research institute, created and governed by Decree No. 2001-621 (July 12, 2001), and situated in Paris. The Institute develops scientific activity and contributes to international cooperation in most fields of art history and heritage by exercising research, training and knowledge-diffusion.
Headquarters
The reception area of INHA's headquarters is located at 2 rue Vivienne in the Galerie Colbert, part of the former 17th-century town house of Jean-Baptiste Colbert converted into a gallery in the 19th century. INHA's Department of Education and Research (Département des Études et de la Recherche, DER) is also located at this site.
Library
INHA's art history library is in the former reading room of the Bibliothèque nationale de France (BnF), the Salle Labrouste (designed by the architect Henri Labrouste and completed in 1867), which is located at 58 rue de Richelieu in the Richelieu Quadrilateral Area of what is now the Site Richelieu of the BnF. It is the responsibility of the Department of the Library and Documentation (Département de la Bibliothèque et de la Documentation, DBD).
The core of the library's collections was derived from the Art and Archeology Library founded by Jacques Doucet in 1897 and donated in 1917 to the University of Paris. Doucet's library (formerly located at the Institut d'Art et d'Archéologie) was transferred in 1992 to the Site Richelieu's Salle Ovale and, after coming under the management of INHA in 2003, was eventually moved to the nearby Salle Labrouste, where it opened on 15 December 2016.
Further acquisitions have expanded the collections of INHA's library to include approximately 1,800 manuscripts, 20,000 rare books, 30,000 prints and drawings (including ones by Manet, Degas, Toulouse-Lautrec, Van Gogh, and Matisse; exceptional Japanese prints by Utamaro; and a rich collection of posters), more than 45,00 autograph letters by artists and art critics, 96,000 cartons of exposition invitations (an inexhaustible source of information concerning the circulation of works of art), and 750,000 photographs.
Activities
The INHA's mission is to promote international art historical research in all fields of the history of art. It pilots many programs by gathering together university researchers and curators. It organises study days, symposiums, conferences and meeting-debates and develops different resources, documentary bases and research programs in art history. Each year, the INHA invites about sixty art historians, among them experienced researchers, academics, curators, art critics and doctoral students. Twice a year, the INHA publishes a scientific review on art history entitled Perspective. Many documentary bases are to be found on the INHA's website.
The INHA provides access to external and internal online databases like AGORHA (Accès global et organisé aux ressources en histoire de l'art) which allows several search modes in the different research fields of the INHA: general search (or use « Rechercher » in the bar), simple search, expert search and search by links, in particular in the RETIF (Répertoire des tableaux italiens dans les collections publiques françaises (XIIIe-XIXe siècles)) which gives (clic on Oeuvres) the italian paintings held in French public collections.
References
External links
INHA's main English page
INHA's missions
Chancellerie des Universités de Paris: The Institut National d'Histoire de l'Art (INHA)
Institut National d'Histoire de l'Art: lNHA's library
Institut National d'Histoire de l'Art: Les outils documentaires (databases) de l'INHA
Institut National d'Histoire de l'Art: Les publications de l'INHA
Institut National d'Histoire de l'Art: Les publications numériques de l'INHA
Art history
Andreas Dahl (born 6 June 1984) is a Swedish former football player. He has previously spent one season at Coventry City F.C. Prior to that, he represented his home town club IFK Hässleholm. Dahl has made 15 matches for the Swedish under-21 national team.
It was announced August 2007 that Dahl has signed for FC Nordsjælland from Helsingborgs IF, a contract starting on 1 January 2008.
On 12 April in the match between Aab and Nordsjalland, a streaker invaded the pitch and Dahl took it upon himself to stop him. The Danish Premier League player says he has no regrets about kicking a streaker where it hurts, 'I know it's the stewards' job, but why shouldn't I be allowed to kick him in the balls? I just stuck out a leg and hit him straight in his special area. I guess it was a bit unfortunate for him, but it wasn't as if I was aiming. He sure went down fast.' This incident prompted comments by the Danish Press of the form 'Dahl is a player that keeps his eye on the balls".
On 26 June 2009 it was announced that he had signed a contract for 3.5 year with Hammarby IF, thus making his return in Allsvenskan.
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Swedish footballers
Sweden international footballers
Sweden under-21 international footballers
Sweden youth international footballers
Coventry City F.C. players
Hammarby Fotboll players
Helsingborgs IF players
FC Nordsjælland players
Landskrona BoIS players
IFK Hässleholm players
Allsvenskan players
Danish Superliga players
Swedish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in the United Kingdom
Association football midfielders
Valerie Wright-St Clair is a New Zealand registered occupational therapist and Professor of Social Gerontology and Occupational Science in the School of Health Sciences at Auckland University of Technology (AUT).
Academic career
Wright-St Clair's mother was a nurse and father a general practitioner. She completed her secondary education in Hamilton. She qualified as an occupational therapist in 1984, then practised in New Zealand hospitals and at Royal Edinburgh Hospital in Scotland.
Her career in academia began in October 1990 when she was appointed lecturer at Auckland University of Technology. In November 2018 Wright-St Clair was appointed full professor at AUT with effect from 1 January 2019.
She is co-director of the AUT Centre for Active Ageing and joint head of research in the Occupational Science and Therapy department at AUT.
Selected works
Books
Articles
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Auckland University of Technology faculty
New Zealand women academics
AsureQuality Limited (previously AgriQuality Limited) is a State-Owned Enterprise (SOE) fully owned by the government of New Zealand. The company's core business is food quality assurance with its services including certification, inspection, testing, and training. AsureQuality has over 1700 staff at over 100 locations throughout New Zealand. AsureQuality also has a joint venture partner. Bureau Veritas and AsureQuality have two joint ventures, BVAQ Australia and BVAQ SouthEast Asia.
Company history
AsureQuality was formed in 2007 from the merger of ASURE New Zealand Limited and AgriQuality Limited. Both companies were originally formed in 1998 from the service delivery arm of the Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry Quality Management, with ASURE handling meat inspection and AgriQuality specialising in livestock, horticulture and forestry. Following the merger the company employed more than 1700 staff at 140 sites throughout New Zealand and Australia, with its primary laboratory in Gracefield, New Zealand.
In 2008 AsureQuality entered a partnership with the Hospitality Standards Institute to provide food safety training for the hospitality sector. In 2010 it opened a wine-certification laboratory in Auckland; in 2013 it expanded its Christchurch food-testing laboratory.
In May 2010 it was among a group of SOEs valued for possible sale by the New Zealand government.
In April 2016 the company acquired Australian laboratory-testing provider Dairy Technical Services.
In November 2020 the company was fined $66,000 after pleading guilty to two breaches of the Health and Safety at Work Act over an incident in which seven workers suffered chemical burns while cleaning a Mycoplasma bovis-infected farm in 2018.
Services
Audit, inspection, testing, verification and certification
Independent audit, inspection, verification and certification against local and international regulatory and retailer standards
Veterinary and field technician services including farm assurance, dairy farm assessment, sample collection, TB testing and related disease management
Ante-mortem and post-mortem meat inspection
Food and contaminants testing
Food testing and analysis against regulatory and retailer standards for pathogens, toxins, allergens, chemical residues, genetically modified organisms and nutritional information
Seed testing and certification for arable, dairy, and livestock farming and export
Specialist plant and pest taxonomy, border control and pathology services
Diagnostics
Contract manufacturing of diagnostic products and distribution of specialist veterinary test kits for use in disease management programmes
Assurance Marks
AsureQuality Assurance Marks are on-pack symbols that distinguish and identify a product's claims as having been independently verified
Training
NZQA-approved training courses are offered mainly to help Quality Control Managers, Internal Auditors, Food Producers, Technical Compliance Coordinators and other food industry professionals to improve their confidence and competence in their field of work
Courses on Food Safety, HPCCA and Auditing
Biosecurity
Under agreement with the Ministry for Primary Industries, AsureQuality provides readiness, capability, incursion response and surveillance services for biosecurity
References
Government-owned companies of New Zealand
2007 establishments in New Zealand
Shalkar (, ) is a district of Aktobe Region in Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Shalkar. Population:
Geography
The Zhylandysay river flows through the territory of the district. The Lesser Barsuki Desert lies in the district.
History
The Chelkar district was formed as part of the Aktobe province on October 21, 1921. July 5, 1922 was transformed into Chelkar district. In 1928, the district was recreated as part of the Aktobe District. In 1930, he passed into direct subordination to the Kazakh ASSR. In 1932 he moved to the Aktobe region. On March 10, 2000, by decree of the President of Kazakhstan the transcription of the name of Chelkar district in Russian was changed to Shalkar district.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Aktobe Region
The Quanah Parker Star House, with stars painted on its roof, is located in the city of Cache, county of Comanche, in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places listings in Comanche County, Oklahoma, in 1970.
Background
After Comanche chief Quanah Parker's surrender in 1875, he lived for many years in a reservation tipi. Parker decided that he needed living quarters more befitting his status among the Comanches, and more suitable to his position as a spokesperson for the white cattle owners. In order to accommodate his multiple wives and children, this two-story ten-room clapboard house with ten-foot ceilings and a picket fence was constructed for Parker. Request for financial assistance was denied by the United States Government. Parker's friends in the cattle business, in particular 6666 Ranch owner Samuel Burk Burnett, financed the building of the house, circa 1890.
Construction
The cost of construction was slightly over $2,000 ($48,000 in 2010, adjusted for inflation). In his formal wallpapered dining room with its wood-burning stove, Parker entertained white business associates, celebrities and tribal members alike. Among his celebrated visitors was Theodore Roosevelt. Parker was a founding supporter of the Native American Church. His home was often the scene of practitioners who sought him out for spiritual advice. Parker fed hungry tribal members in his home and was known to never turn away anyone.
After Parker's death
The structure was purchased by his daughter Laura Neda Parker Birdsong upon Parker's 1911 death. Originally located near the Wichita Mountains north of Cache on Fort Sill's west range, Birdsong moved the house from its original location to Cache and sold it to Herbert Woesner in 1958. Although no one can be certain why Parker painted the stars on his roof, lore has it that he meant it as a display of rank and importance equal to a military general. The current owner, Woesner's nephew Wayne Gipson, offered the explanation told him by Parker's descendants that the Chief had been to Washington D.C. to speak with Theodore Roosevelt, and while there had stayed in a "five-star hotel". Parker had 10 stars painted on his roof to explain to Roosevelt upon his arrival that he would have better accommodations with ten stars instead of five. The Preservation Oklahoma organization has listed the Star House as endangered.
Preservation
The Star House is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is also on Oklahoma's list of Most Endangered Historic Places. A storm in 2015 further damaged the already crumbling house, but stimulated efforts to preserve and reconstruct it, although preservation efforts are complicated by the fact that the house is in private ownership. A grant from the National trust for Historic Preservation enabled an assessment of the condition of the house and developed a plan to maintain it. The cost of restoring the house was estimated at more than one million dollars.
References
External links
Star House at Preservation Oklahoma
�
Houses in Comanche County, Oklahoma
Comanche tribe
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Oklahoma
Native American history of Oklahoma
Tourist attractions in Comanche County, Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places in Comanche County, Oklahoma
Moonnupookkal is a 1971 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. Bhaskaran. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sathyan, Madhu and Sheela in the lead roles. The film had musical score by Pukazhenthi.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Sathyan
Madhu
Sheela
Jayabharathi
Sankaradi
Sreelatha Namboothiri
Ambika
Chandrakala
Veeran
Vincent
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Pukazhenthi and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1971 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by P. Bhaskaran
Q School 2021 – Event 3 was the third, and final, qualifying tournament for the 2021–22 snooker season. It took place from 8 to 13 June 2021 at the Ponds Forge International Sports Centre in Sheffield, England.
Format
The draw was made on 18 May 2021, with players seeded for the first time in the tournament's history. The seeded players were those that dropped off the tour at the end of the 2020–21 season, or those who ranked highly in 2020 Q School. The event was played in a knockout system with the winner of each section earning a two-year tour card to play on the main tour for the 2021–22 and 2022–23 seasons. All matches were the best-of-seven frames.
Main draw
Section 1
Round 1
Section 2
Round 1
Section 3
Round 1
Section 4
Round 1
Century breaks
Total: 21
140 Alex Taubman
132, 110 Mateusz Baranowski
128 Duane Jones
123 Sam Baird
120, 120 Brian Cini
119 Kuldesh Johal
119 George Pragnell
118 Ben Mertens
115 Gary Challis
115 Anton Kazakov
112, 106 Ian Burns
112 James Cahill
111 Mitchell Mann
110 Leo Fernandez
107 Billy Joe Castle
103 Ross Muir
103 Luke Simmonds
100 Bai Langning
References
Snooker competitions in England
Q School (snooker)
2021 in snooker
Mount Verhaegen () is an ice-free mountain (2,300 m) standing immediately west of Mount Perov in the Belgica Mountains. It was discovered by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition, 1957–1958, under G. de Gerlache and named by him for Baron Pierre Verhaegen, collaborator of the expedition.
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Ragnhild Coast
is a large gas-fired power station in Kawagoe, Mie, Japan. The facility operates at an installed capacity of 4,802 MW, making it the fifth largest power station of its kind.
See also
List of the largest power stations in the world
List of power stations in Japan
List of natural gas power stations
References
Natural gas-fired power stations in Japan
The following lists events that happened during 2016 in the Republic of Moldova.
Incumbents
President – Nicolae Timofti (until December 23), Igor Dodon (starting December 23)
Prime Minister – Gheorghe Brega (until January 20), Pavel Filip (starting January 20)
President of the Parliament – Andrian Candu
Events
January
January 14 - Thousands of Moldovans march the streets in protest against proposed candidate for Prime Minister Vlad Plahotniuc.
August
August 5-21 - 12 athletes from Moldova competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
August 27 - Moldova celebrated its 25th anniversary since its independence from the USSR in 1991.
October
October 30 - Igor Dodon wins the presidential election in Moldova.
December
December 23 - Igor Dodon is sworn in as the President of Moldova in the Palace of the Republic in Chișinău.
References
2010s in Moldova
Years of the 21st century in Moldova
Moldova
Moldova
The 2007 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship for Women Division C was the 6th edition of the Division C of the FIBA U18 Women's European Championship, the third tier of the European women's under-18 basketball championship. It was played in Malta from 28 August to 1 September 2007. The host team, Malta, won the tournament.
Participating teams
Final standings
References
2007
2007–08 in European women's basketball
FIBA U18
International basketball competitions hosted by Malta
FIBA
Frederick III of Brandenburg, nicknamed the Fat, also the Younger (born: ; died: 6 October 1463 in Tangermünde) was Margrave of Brandenburg and Lord of the Altmark.
Life
Frederick was the youngest son of the Elector Frederick I of Brandenburg (1371–1440) from his marriage to Elizabeth (1383–1442 ), daughter of the Duke Frederick of Bavaria-Landshut.
His father's testament, stipulated that Frederick should rule the Margraviate of Brandenburg jointly with his older brother Frederick Irontooth, who also acted as his guardian from 1440 onwards, until at least 1456. Frederick III, however, began urging for more independence in 1445. He was supported by his brothers John and Albert Achilles. In 1447, Frederick received his own territory, consisting of the Altmark and Prignitz, under the sovereignty of Electoral Brandenburg. He fostered the influx of Jews into his territory, after his brother had driven them out of his margraviate in 1446. Frederick III resided in Tangermünde, Salzwedel and Arneburg. He neglected the business of government in such a way that his brother found it necessary in 1459 to intervene militarily against the intrigues in the country.
Since Frederick died without male heirs, the Altmark and Priegnitz fell back to the Electorate of Brandenburg when he died in 1463. Frederick was buried in the Church of St. George in Arneburg. During the Thirty Years' War his tomb was looted and destroyed. His remains were recovered and buried in Berlin
Marriage and issue
Frederick married on 9 February 1449 in Tangermünde to Agnes (1436–1512), a daughter of the Duke Barnim VIII of Pomerania, with whom he had one daughter:
Magdalena (1460–1496), married in 1482 to Count Eitel Frederick II of Hohenzollern (1452-1512)
References
Footnotes
Margraves of Brandenburg
House of Hohenzollern
1424 births
1463 deaths
The National Hip Fracture Database (NHFD) is a nationwide audit within the NHS concerning the management and outcomes of patients with hip fractures.
It was initially set up by the British Orthopaedic Association and the British Geriatrics Society, however it is now commissioned by the Healthcare Quality Improvement Partnership (HQIP), a consortium of the Academy of Medical Royal Colleges and the Royal College of Nursing which holds the contract to manage and develop the National Clinical Audit and Patient Outcomes Programme (NCAPOP), as part of the Falls and Fragility Fracture Audit Programme (FFFAP) of the Royal College of Physicians, in association with the BOA, BGS, Royal College of Surgeons of England and the Falls and Fractures Alliance (composed of Age UK and the National Osteoporosis Society).
Design
The NHFD aims to improve the quality and effectiveness of hip fracture care by enabling clinical teams to monitor their performance against agreed clinical standards from the BOA and BGS 'Blue Book' publication, in addition to compliance with NICE Guidance 124 - ‘The Management of Hip Fracture in Adults'.
Data collected includes:
Fracture type
Operation performed
Length of stay
Morbidity and mortality
Reports
The NHFD has reported nationally annually since 2010
In addition, quarterly reports are generated to allow for best practice tariff payments against the following criteria:
Time to orthopaedic ward
Time to surgery
Time to orthogeriatric review
Pre- and post-operative AMTS
Osteoporosis assessment
Falls assessment
References
External links
NHFD
Orthopaedic registries
Estadio Juan Francisco Barraza is a multi-purpose stadium in San Miguel, El Salvador.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of C.D. Águila and C.D. Dragón. It is named after the 1950s star Juan Francisco "Cariota" Barraza in 1982. The stadium holds 10,000 people.
History
Construction began in November 1956 and was under the direction of Pablo Paredes Lemus and Cia. After 3 years of building, The stadium was opened and held its very first game on November 15, 1959. This day saw Honduran Club Deportivo Olimpia play against Águila and drew 1-1.
In 1982, 26 years after its construction, the Aguila board, decided to change its name to Estadio Juan Francisco Barraza, after the iconic footballer in El Salvador.
References
1959 establishments in El Salvador
Football venues in El Salvador
Multi-purpose stadiums in El Salvador
Sports venues completed in 1959
Bon Ton is a high-end escort agency chain in New Zealand. It initially operated two escort agencies - one in the capital city Wellington and a second in the nation's largest city Auckland. It now operates in Queenstown. Bon Ton is a French term which means "good taste". The luxury escort agency is owned by Jennifer Souness, a former model who modeled for various European fashion labels.
In a feature story on prostitution in New Zealand, the BBC News Online described Bon Ton as "an ideal showcase for New Zealand-style liberalisation". The escort agency is characterized by quality rooms resembling luxury suites and a professionally maintained office. Louise Jolliffe writing in The Wellington Guide asserted that Bon Ton looks closer to "a luxury lodge than a brothel".
All the women working at Bon Ton have other occupations and work as prostitutes on a part-time basis. During employment testing, applicants are asked whether they like sex. Escort agency owner Souness asserted these women like their work. According to the BBC News Online, the escorts working at Bon Ton say they find the work environment respectful.
Bon Ton bills itself as "a boutique agency for a select clientele" and states that it intends "to provide a tasteful and discreet haven for gentlemen to enjoy the attentions of elegant, beautifully groomed, intelligent women". The website of the escort agency makes invitation calls to potential clients to come into what is described as a "safe and secret oasis where the outside world melts away".
The Bon Ton website publishes biographies of their prostitutes – whom they refer to as "courtesans" – which include their age and brassiere measurement. As per the requirement by the Prostitution Reform Act 2003, Bon Ton has a safe sex policy that requires customers to wear condoms.
Two members of the United Kingdom-based Women's Institute (WI), who visited various brothels throughout the world to check their quality and were featured in a BBC documentary titled The WI And The Search For The Perfect Brothel, voted Bon Ton the world's best.
References
External links
Brothels in New Zealand
Female prostitution
Eight-Headed Serpent is the thirteenth full-length studio album from Finnish black metal band Impaled Nazarene. It was released, as are all of their albums thus far, on Osmose Productions on May 28, 2021. The album is available on CD, LP, cassette and digital download.
Title and lyrical themes
The album's working title was The Octagon Order but was eventually changed to Eight-Headed Serpent – originating from Japanese mythology Yamata no Orochi, despite it's not a theme album. In the same interview Luttinen also said that lyrics handle themes like cancel culture, virtue signalling, flatearthers, anti-vaxxers and alternative medicine, among others.
Composition and recording
After a few years of gigs following the previous album Vigorous and Liberating Death, the band began considering of recording a new album. As has been the tradition with prior albums, the band members brought already-composed songs to the studio with oldest of them written a few years prior. For this album the band selected a recording studio new to them – Revolver Studio – led by Asko Ahonen who had never heard of the band before and had mostly recorded Finnish pop and schlager music. The recording spanned from early July to the end of August 2020. The album was mixed in mid-October also by Ahonen, quickly followed by mastering made by Mika Jussila at Finnvox Studio.
Release
Prepending the release of the actual album, an EP named after the opening track Goat of Mendes was released on April 9, 2021. The EP had also a re-recorded version of Ugra-Karma song The Horny and the Horned and was released both digitally and on a 7" vinyl.
The actual album was then released on May 28, 2021.
Track listing
All songs written by Impaled Nazarene.
"Goat of Mendes" 3:14
"Eight-Headed Serpent" 2:23
"Shock and Awe" 2:42
"The Nonconformists" 2:39
"Octagon Order" 1:49
"Metastasizing and Changing Threat" 2:23
"Debauchery and Decay" 3:08
"Human Cesspool" 0:58
"Apocalypse Pervertor" 1:46
"Triumphant Return of the Antichrist" 1:59
"Unholy Necromancy" 2:30
"Mutilation of the Nazarene Whore" 1:51
"Foucault Pendulum" 4:59
"Penis et Circes (2021)" 2:14
"The Horny and the Horned (2021)" 3:10
Personnel
Mika "Sluti666" Luttinen – vocals
Tomi "UG" Ullgren – lead and rhythm guitars
Mikael "Arc v 666" Arnkil – bass
Reima "Repe Misanthrope" Kellokoski – drums
Production
Arranged and produced by Impaled Nazarene
Recorded and mixed by Asko Ahonen at Revolver Studio, 2020
Mastered by Mika Jussila at Finnvox Studios, 2020
Miscellaneous staff
Artwork by Tuomas "Ritual" Tahvanainen
Charts
References
Impaled Nazarene albums
Osmose Productions albums
2021 albums
Jahirsino Julio Baylón Yglesias (born 26 February 1989), commonly known as Jair Baylón, is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a forward for Sport Chavelines Juniors. He is also the son of Julio Baylón.
Club career
Jairzinho Baylón was born in Lima, Peru on February 26, 1989, where he started playing Football just when he started walking as a child in the streets of Lima with local school boys. His family quickly put him into Alianza Lima's youth academy where he excelled through the ranks, and after just one season he then signed for Portuguese Liga club SC Braga.
SC Braga manager Jorge Costa said that the youngster is part of his plans to launch an assault on the UEFA Cup, in which Baylón will be playing for with the club.
He admits after his father's death he became more interested in football, saying he would push himself at the extremes, and he also stated that since his father died he has seen football as a way to be connected to his father.
Baylón made his professional debut for Alianza Lima on 30 March 2008.
In 2019, Baylon joined Sport Chavelines Juniors.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Footballers from Lima
Association football forwards
Peruvian footballers
Club Alianza Lima footballers
S.C. Braga players
Gil Vicente F.C. players
Club Deportivo Universidad de San Martín de Porres players
El Tanque Sisley players
Sport Boys footballers
Sport Huancayo footballers
Club Universitario de Deportes footballers
Unión Comercio footballers
Real Garcilaso footballers
Universidad Técnica de Cajamarca footballers
Alianza Atlético footballers
Club Deportivo Universidad César Vallejo footballers
Academia Deportiva Cantolao players
Peruvian Primera División players
Peruvian expatriate footballers
Peruvian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Peruvian expatriate sportspeople in Uruguay
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Uruguay
The NAIA Men's Soccer Championship is the annual tournament to determine the national champions of NAIA men's collegiate soccer in the United States and Canada. It has been held annually since 1959.
The most successful program is Quincy (IL), with 11 NAIA national titles.
The current champion is Keiser, which won its first men's national title in December 2021.
Results
Co-champions are shown in italics.
Cumulative results
Schools highlighted in pink are closed or no longer sponsor athletics.
Schools highlight in yellow have reclassified athletics from the NAIA.
Players
The following players have gone on to play at a professional level after playing in the NAIA competition.
See also
NAIA Women's Soccer Championship
NCAA Men's Soccer Championships (Division I, Division II, Division III)
NCAA Women's Soccer Championships (Division I, Division II, Division III)
References
External links
NAIA Men's Soccer
S
College soccer competitions in the United States
Soccer cup competitions in the United States
College men's soccer in the United States
The northern sooty woodpecker (Mulleripicus funebris) is a species of bird in the family Picidae.
It is endemic to Luzon, Marinduque, Catanduanes and the Polillo Islands in the Philippines.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The northern sooty woodpecker was once considered conspecific with the southern sooty woodpecker and both were lumped together as Mulleripicus funebris and known simply as the "sooty woodpecker".
References
northern sooty woodpecker
Endemic birds of the Philippines
Birds of Luzon
Fauna of Marinduque
Fauna of Catanduanes
northern sooty woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 1999 Basildon District Council election took place on 6 May 1999 to elect members of Basildon District Council in Essex, England. One third of the council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
After the election, the composition of the council was
Labour 23
Conservative 11
Liberal Democrats 8
Election result
The results saw Labour keep their majority after retaining all the seats they had been defending in Basildon. The Conservatives became the main opposition on the council after gaining seats from the Liberal Democrats in Billericay and Wickford. Overall turnout in the election was 24.3%.
All comparisons in vote share are to the corresponding 1995 election.
Ward results
Billericay East
Billericay West
Burstead
Fryerns Central
Fryerns East
Laindon
Langdon Hills
Lee Chapel
Nethermayne
Pitsea East
Pitsea West
Vange
Wickford North
Wickford South
References
1999
1999 English local elections
1990s in Essex
Neocottus is a genus of deepwater sculpins endemic to Lake Baikal in Russia.
Species
There are currently two recognized species in this genus:
Neocottus thermalis Sideleva, 2002
Neocottus werestschagini (Taliev, 1935)
References
Abyssocottidae
Fish of Russia
The Guard Hussar Regiment () is a cavalry unit of the Royal Danish Army, whose primary task is to train the Guard Hussars for various functions in the mobilisation force. The Guard Hussar Regiment is one of two active cavalry regiments of the Danish Army, and was formed in 2001 through the amalgamation of the original Guard Hussars regiment, Zealand Life Regiment and Danish Life Regiment.
History
Origins of the regiment
Although the Guard Hussars themselves date from 10 February 1762, the Danish Army takes the date of the founding of a regiment from its oldest part, in this case the Zealand Life Regiment, which was founded in 1614. This makes the Guard Hussars one of the oldest regiments of hussars in the world still operational, it is also the only hussars in mounted parade uniform to still wear the slung and braided pelisse which was formerly characteristic of this class of cavalry. In addition to its operational role, the Guard Hussar Regiment is one of two regiments in the Danish Army (along with the Den Kongelige Livgarde) to be classed as 'Guards'; in this case, the Mounted Squadron perform the same role as the Household Cavalry do in the British Army.
From 1961 to 1972 the regiment was responsible for two armoured battalions, one recon battalion. From 1972–2000 the regiment was responsible for one armoured, one mechanised infantry, one reconnaissance and one infantry battalions. From 2000–2004 the regiment was responsible for two armoured, two mechanised infantry, one reconnaissance and two infantry battalions. From 1992–2004 the regiment also had to form two light Reconnaissance Squadrons assigned to the 1st Zealand Brigade and Danish International Brigade.
2001 amalgamation
As part of the Defence Agreement 2000–04, it was decided to merge the Guard Hussar Regiment with the Zealand Life Regiment and the Danish Life Regiment. With this amalgamation of the three infantry regiments, the name and history of the new regiment had to be decided. This led to what the media called "the Colonels' War" (), with the three colonels fighting for their regiment's name and history to survive.
The Chief of Defence, Christian Hvidt, ordered the old insignia removed, which was not customary. The new armoured horse head was nicknamed the "biker patch". Furthermore, it was decided that a colour be used alongside the standard.
Modern times
Following the amalgamation, the Guard Hussar Regiment has participated in a number of international missions, resulting in the loss of 16 soldiers.
Structure
Today the Gardehusarregiment is classed as a cavalry regiment, it is in fact a mixed armoured and infantry unit, with three battalions:
1st Battalion – Armoured Infantry (part of 1st Brigade)
Staff Company
1st Armoured Infantry Company (1/I/GHR)
2nd Mechanised Infantry Company (2/I/GHR)
4th Mechanised Infantry Company (4/I/GHR) (inactive)
3rd Battalion – Reconnaissance (part of 2nd Brigade) motto:Nec temere nec timide (Neither random nor timidly)
Staff Platoon (Inactive)
1st Light Reconnaissance Squadron (1 LOPKESK)
2nd Light Reconnaissance Squadron (2 LOPKESK)
3rd Light Reconnaissance Squadron (inactive)
Marine Squadron (4th Basic Training Squadron)
5th Battalion – Basic Training (part of 2nd Brigade) motto:Terror in Hostes – Vor fjender til frygt
Staff Company (Inactive)
1st Basic Training Company motto:Fremad på ny – hurtig og adræt (Forward again - fast and agile)
2nd Basic Training Company (Livkompagniet) motto:Fremad på ny – lige på og hårdt (Forward again - head on)
4th Mechanised Infantry Company (4/V/GHR)
Mounted Squadron – Public duties/ceremonial
Disbanded Units
II/GHR Armoured Battalion (1955−1976), Infantry Battalion (1977-2000), Armoured Infantry Battalion (2001-2018)
IV/GHR Infantry Battalion (1983−1996), Armoured Infantry Battalion (1997-2013).
VI/GHR Infantry Battalion (2000-2004).
VII/GHR Infantry Battalion (2000-2004).
Names of the regiment
References
External links
Military units and formations established in 2001
Danish Army regiments
Guard regiments
Cavalry regiments of Denmark
Military of Denmark
Brian Peter Watts (born March 18, 1966) is an American professional golfer.
Early life and amateur career
Watts was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada to European parents, but is now a U.S. citizen who lives in Texas. He played college golf at Oklahoma State and won the NCAA Division I Championship in 1987 and was a member of the team that won the 1987 NCAA Division I Team Championship. He also won the 1986 Big 8 Conference Championship and the 1985 and 1987 Morris Williams Intercollegiate (tied Ben Crenshaw's scoring record in '85) as part of his 7 collegiate wins. Only Lindy Miller, Scott Verplank and Willie Wood have more college wins in OSU's long successful golf history. Watts was a four-time All-American (two-time first team and two-time second team) and a 1987 runner-up for the Fred Haskins award. Only Watts and Tom Jones are credited for never shooting a score in the 80s while at OSU. Watts won the 1984 Texas State 5A High School Championship and added the prestigious A.J.G.A. Player of the Year honors later that year. After being honored as the 1984 AJGA Player of the Year, Watts won the AJGA Polo Golf Junior Classic the same week. Watts partnered with John Daly to win the 1984 AJGA Future Legends of Golf as well. In 1983, Watts added two more AJGA championships to his record by winning the AJGA Oklahoma Junior Classic & AJGA Holiday Junior Classic. As a 15 year old, once shot a 59 (−13) at his home course Brookhaven C.C. Presidents Course.
Professional career
Watts turned professional in 1988. During the 1990s, he played mainly on the Japan Golf Tour, having gained his card via the Asia Golf Circuit, where he topped the Order of Merit in 1993. During his six seasons on the Japan Golf Tour from 1993 to 1998 he had 12 tournament victories and 12 runner-up finishes, amassing 63 top-10s in 124 events. When he left the tour he was the second all-time foreign money leader (593 million yen) to David Ishii. Only foreign players to have won more events were Ishii and Graham Marsh when Watts left for the PGA Tour in late 1998. His biggest victories in Japan were the 1994 Bridgestone Open where he defeated then World Number 1 Nick Price on the final day and the 1998 Casio World Open where then World Number 1 Tiger Woods was making his Japan Golf Tour debut. His first professional win was at the 1993 Hong Kong Open. However, he is best known for his performance at The Open Championship at Royal Birkdale in 1998, where he lost in the playoff to Mark O'Meara. He had a two stroke lead entering the final round and shot 70. On the 72nd hole Watts faced a bunker shot where his right leg was out of the bunker and he nearly holed it from 45 feet. After making the 1 foot par putt on the final hole Watts failed to make two short birdie putts on the first two playoff holes and ended up losing by two shots in the four hole playoff. This performance helped earn Watts a PGA Tour card and by the end of the year he reached the top 20 of the Official World Golf Ranking.
In a successful 1999 season on the PGA Tour he finished 57th on the money list, including 26th in scoring average. He was one of a handful of players to make the cut in all four major championships and the Players Championship but his career was ended soon afterwards due to injuries.
Following a number of poor seasons, Watts has played little competitive golf since 2005 while rehabilitating from hip, knee, foot, and back injuries.
Amateur wins
this list may be incomplete
1986 Trans-Mississippi Amateur, LaJet National Amateur
1987 NCAA Division I Championship
Professional wins (13)
Japan Golf Tour wins (12)
*Note: The 1998 Yomiuri Open was shortened to 36 holes due to rain.
Japan Golf Tour playoff record (3–2)
Asia Golf Circuit wins (1)
Playoff record
PGA Tour playoff record (0–1)
Results in major championships
CUT = missed the half-way cut
"T" = tied
Summary
Most consecutive cuts made – 6 (1998 Open Championship – 1999 PGA)
Longest streak of top-10s – 1
Results in The Players Championship
CUT = missed the halfway cut
"T" indicates a tie for a place
Results in World Golf Championships
QF, R16, R32, R64 = Round in which player lost in match play
"T" = Tied
See also
1990 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
2002 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
List of golfers with most Japan Golf Tour wins
References
External links
Canadian male golfers
American male golfers
Oklahoma State Cowboys golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Japan Golf Tour golfers
Golfing people from Quebec
Golfers from Oklahoma
Sportspeople from Montreal
Golfers from Dallas
1966 births
Living people
Daniel Sáez Tomás (born 10 June 1985) is a Spanish motorcycle racer.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on MotoGP.com
1985 births
Living people
Spanish motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
A shoulder examination (or shoulder exam) is a portion of a physical examination used to identify potential pathology involving the shoulder. It should be conducted with both shoulders exposed to assess for asymmetry and muscle wasting.
Elements of the shoulder exam
Inspection
Palpation of sternoclavicular joint, clavicle, acromioclavicular joint, subacromial bursa, bicipital tendon.
Evaluation of passive and active range of motion: Neck range of motion should be assessed that may reveal a neck source of shoulder pain. The Apley scratch test specifically tests range of motion and in a normal exam, an individual should be able to reach C7 on external rotation, and T7 on internal rotation.
Evaluation of distal pulses
Strength testing: wrist extension tests the radial nerve, finger abduction tests the ulnar nerve, and thumb apposition tests the median nerve.
Sensation testing
Reflex testing: Triceps reflex tests C6-C8, biceps reflex tests C5 and C6, and brachioradialis reflex tests C5-C7.
Provocative maneuvers
Provocative maneuvers specific to the shoulder examination
Tests for rotator cuff pathology
Neer Impingement Test: a positive test indicates shoulder impingement syndrome
Hawkins–Kennedy test: a positive test indicates shoulder impingement syndrome
Empty beer can test: a positive test indicates rotator cuff tear, specifically, supraspinatus muscle tear
Drop arm test: a positive test indicates a supraspinatus tear
External Rotation test: a positive test indicates an infraspinatus or teres minor tear
Lift-off test: a positive test indicates subscapularis pathology
Tests for bicipital tenosynovitis and labral pathology
Yergason's test
Speed's test
Biceps load test
O'Brien's test: positive test indicates a SLAP (or superior labral tear from anterior to posterior) tear
Tests for shoulder instability
Apprehension test or Jobe's test: positive test indicates anterior glenohumeral instability
Relocation test
Other tests
Cross-arm test: positive test indicates acromioclavicular joint degeneration/arthritis
Adson's sign tests for thoracic outlet syndrome
Lhermitte's sign may indicate cervical radiculopathy or spinal cord disease
Spurling's test tests for cervical spine disease
A meta-analysis in 2008 concluded that the diagnostic accuracy of individual tests in the shoulder examination was limited, specifically that the Hawkins–Kennedy test and the Speed test have no discriminatory ability to diagnose specific shoulder pathology, and that results of studies evaluating other tests were too statistically heterogeneous to make meaningful conclusions about their diagnostic accuracy.
Examination of the shoulder can be complex because the shoulder can present with more than one pathology at a time.
References
Shoulder
Musculoskeletal examination
C.H. Wheeler was a schooner-rigged unpowered lumber barge that operated during the year 1901, making only a few voyages before it was wrecked near Yaquina Bay with the loss of one life. C.H. Wheeler was the largest vessel up to that time to reach Tillamook City and the first vessel to transport a load of lumber from Tillamook to San Francisco. The circumstances of the loss of the C.H. Wheeler were controversial and resulted in the arrest (charges were subsequently dismissed) of the captain of the tug that had been towing the barge before it was wrecked.
Construction
C.H. Wheeler was owned by the Nehalem Transportation Company, based in Nehalem, Oregon, had been incorporated in August 1900 by filing articles of incorporation with the Oregon Secretary of State. The company was capitalized at $12,000. The persons who formed the corporation were Coleman H. Wheeler, George R. Vosburg, J.E. Dubois, J.L. Vosburg, and J.K. Gambill. The same persons also incorporated, at the same time, the Wheeler Lumber Company, also based in Nehalem, with a capital stock of $40,000.
Wheeler was built simultaneously with an ocean-going tugboat, the Geo. R. Vosburg, and the plan was to operate the two vessels together. The barge was built to carry lumber cut by the Wheeler Lumber Company, which had the largest saw mill on the Nehalem River. This mill cut of lumber for every 10-hour day, and it was intended to expand that capacity to per day. As soon as the tug and barge were complete, barge would be loaded with lumber and the tug would tow the barge to San Francisco. It was also speculated that if a barge of this type could be safely towed in and out of the Nehalem, then coal mines could be opened in the area, with coal being shipped to Astoria and Portland.
Wheeler was launched on November 13, 1900, in Portland, Oregon, at the former shipyard of James B. Stephens. Originally, the barge was to have been known as Nehalem Transportation Company No. 1, but it was launched under the name C.H. Wheeler.
Wheeler had a sailing rig as a schooner. Gross tonnage, a measure of size rather than weight, was 371 and net tonnage was 356. The barge was long, with a beam of and depth of hold of . The official vessel registry number was 127499, and the flag recognition signal was K.Q.M.T.
Wheeler could carry of lumber. The barge was reported to be "an exceptionally strong one, although an odd-looking affair", and the tug was described as "rather small for ocean work". Another report described the Wheeler as a "queer looking craft about as wide as she is long with a stern like the end of a warehouse."
Towing operations with the tug Vosburg
Wheeler departed Astoria on January 9, 1901 at 8:30 a.m. under tow by Vosburg on its first trip to the Nehalem River. Wheeler loaded a cargo of lumber at Nehalem and Vosburg towed Wheeler south to San Francisco.
Returning from San Francisco, on February 14, Vosburg towed Wheeler into Tillamook City by way of the then recently dredged Hoquarton Slough. Wheeler was the largest vessel ever to reach Tillamook City. While docked at Hoquarton Slough, Wheeler loaded 350,000 board feet of spruce lumber from the Tillamook Lumber Company's mill, and then took a further 250,000 board feet from the Davies mill on the nearby Trask River.
On February 22, 1901, with a little over 500,000 board feet of lumber on board, Wheeler in the tow of Vosburg, departed Tillamook City for San Francisco. This was the first cargo of lumber shipped from Tillamook City. Bar conditions delayed the departure from Tillamook Bay, but eventually Wheeler in tow of Vosburg reached San Francisco on March 7, 1901.
On April 9, 1901, Vosburg and Wheeler departed Nehalem for San Francisco again, this time with about 400,000 board feet of lumber loaded on the barge.
On Sunday, April 29, 1901, word was received in Tillamook City, by telephone call, that in trying to cross the Nehalem River bar in the tow of Vosburg, Wheeler went ashore on the south spit, and would probably be a total loss. Vosburg made it inside safely. However a further report a few days later, on May 9, 1901, was that both Vosburg and Wheeler were inside the bar, but could not exit (a status known as "bar bound") because the channel had recently become clogged with sand. Work was being done to try to reestablish a channel. By May 31, 1901, the channel was still divided but one branch was ten feet deep, and this permitted Vosburg to exit and proceed to Astoria.
On July 16, 1901, Wheeler sailed for San Francisco from Nehalem, again in the tow of Vosburg.
Last voyage
Departure from Nehalem
On Monday, November 18, 1901, Vosburg departed Nehalem for San Francisco with Wheeler in tow. Wheeler had been loaded with 562,000 board feet of lumber.
Moving southwards, the tug and tow encountered high seas and a southerly gale, which caused Vosburg to use additional coal, and the supply on the tug was nearly exhausted by the time Coos Bay vicinity. To obtain more coal, Vosburg and Wheeler put into Coos Bay, on Thursday, November 21, 1901 and departed Coos Bay on Monday, November 25, 1901.
Nothing more was heard from tug or tow until Saturday, November 30, 1901, when Vosburg pulled into the dock at Astoria, without Wheeler. Captain Ahnes reported that while the winds had been light when they left Coos Bay, they encountered strong southeast winds off Cape Blanco, which grew to gale strength by midnight on Monday. Through Tuesday and Wednesday the winds grew worse, sea conditions were very rough, and both vessels were laboring heavily.
Towing cable breaks
At 7:00 pm on Wednesday, November 27, the 1000 foot long steel towing cable parted, and Vosburg lost the tow. Thirty minutes later, the lights on Wheeler, which had four men on board, could no longer be seen from Vosburg. Unable to find the barge, at 3:00 a.m. on Thursday, Vosburg started south. At 6:00 a.m. on Thursday the barometer fell to 29 inches of pressure, and for two hours the gale blew with the strength of a hurricane. On Friday morning, when Vosburg was off Yaquina Head, the gale moderated and the captain decided to head for the Columbia.
By Sunday, December 1, 1901, a new steel cable had been installed on Vosburg, and the tug was scheduled to coal up the next day in preparation to going out in search of the lost barge Wheeler. Meanwhile, no word had been heard as to the Wheeler whereabouts or fate.
Wheeler wrecked in the surf
Wheeler was sighted again, however, by the crew of the Yaquina Bay Life-Saving Station, early in the morning of Wednesday, December 4, 1901.
When the towing cable broke, at about 70 miles off shore on November 27, the barge displayed lights and put up part of the main sail to keep the bow into the wind. The crew of the barge saw the lights of the tug for about 15 minutes after the tow line broke. When the barge crew was able to raise all the sails, the barge could still make no headway to windward, and instead drifted in a northwesterly direction for about 35 hours. Wheeler made a zig-zag course, governed by the wind strength and direction, back east towards the Oregon coast, eventually spotting the Yaquina Headlight at about 7:00 pm on Tuesday.
When the crew on Wheeler decided to attempt to enter Yaquina Bay, the barge could not be maneuvered through the entrance, and instead it drifted over into the breakers on the south spit. A big wave rolled the barge over, and two men, seaman M. "Mike" Yederman (or Olderman), of Nehalem, and the African-American cook, J.W. Coles, of San Francisco, were washed overboard. Coles are about 60 years old and disabled.
From the time they had been sighted, the life-saving crew had kept watch on the barge, and had supposed it to be the missing Wheeler. They took out the beach cart containing the life-saving equipment, and followed Wheeler along the beach. When the two men who were on the lumber came near shore, the life-saving crew were able to throw them a line and pull them in to safety.
Olderman, badly bruised and cut on his face and legs, clung on to a plank until he was washed inshore where he was rescued by a surfman from the life-saving crew. Coles, who had been wearing a life jacket, was last seen drifting around in the wreckage. Just before they were washed overboard, Cole had told Olderman that he (Cole) would be unable to live long in the water owing to the extreme cold.
The next wave washed the other two crewmen overboard, but they were able to climb onto the large pile of lumber which had been driven overboard, and had accumulated as a kind of raft in the lee of the barge, and in this way they reached the beach. Thirteen days later, on December 17, 1901, the body of J.W. Cole was found on the beach 17 miles south of the life-saving station. The drowning of Cole was the only loss of life in Oregon waters among documented vessels in the fiscal year ending June 30, 1903.
Salvage efforts
On December 11, 1901, at 8:00 a.m., Vosburg, under a new captain, departed Astoria for Nehalem, where the owner of the barge, C.H. Wheeler, boarded the tug. From Nehalem, Vosburg proceeded south to attempt to salvage the wreck of the Wheeler and its cargo, arriving at Yaquina Bay on the morning of December 12, 1901. On arrival, the barge was found to have been broken in two, and was a total loss. There was still 300,000 board feet of lumber on board however, and this could be salvaged, was well as certain equipment from the barge, specifically the steering gear, capstan, anchors, cable and rigging.
Charges against captain of the tug Vosburg
Criticism
A number of people thought that the master of Vosburg had not done everything he could have to rescue the barge. The surviving crew of the Wheeler "severely condemned" the actions of the captain of the Vosburg, saying that Vosburg had recently taken on a fresh supply of coal at Coos Bay and that on board Wheeler there was another towing cable of better quality than the one which had broken. Later, "Mike" Olderman, who along with J.W. Cole, had been one of the first two crewmen washed off Wheeler into the surf, said they after the towing cable had broken, the crew of Wheeler had tried to attract the attention of Vosburg by building a large fire on the deck, using oil to increase its size. According to Olderman, the barge was not in danger until many hours later when the wind strength increased to that of a hurricane. Capt. W.H. Roberts, assistant inspector of the U.S. life-saving district of Oregon and Washington, who had made the inquiry into the circumstances of the wreck, wrote in his official report:
Arrest of the captain
On December 27, 1901, Chris Ahues, the former master of Vosburg, was arrested in Astoria by Deputy U.S. Marshall Roberts based on an information filed by a sailor, Algol Peterson, charging that through criminal negligence and misconduct, the former captain had caused the death of J.W. Cole, and, in particular, that proper diligence was not exercised to attempt to rescue the barge. A preliminary hearing was held before United States Commissioner Thomson on the afternoon of December 28, 1901, and the case was dismissed because there was insufficient evidence to warrant prosecution.
Notes
References
Printed sources
On-line newspaper collections
1900 ships
Transportation in Tillamook County, Oregon
Ships built in Portland, Oregon
History of transportation in Oregon
Shipwrecks of the Oregon coast
Barges of the United States
Merchant ships of the United States
Maritime incidents in 1901
Schooners of the United States
Individual sailing vessels
Lumber schooners
Logging in the United States
USS Jean Sands was a steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She was used by the Union Navy as a tugboat and salvage vessel in support of the Union Navy.
Service career
Jean Sands was built at Brooklyn, New York, in 1863 and was purchased by the Navy at New York City from T. F. Rowland 18 October 1864. She was stationed at the Norfolk Navy Yard where she served as a tug and salvage vessel. Jean Sands was sold 16 May 1892.
References
Ships built in Brooklyn
1863 ships
Ships of the Union Navy
Steamships of the United States Navy
Tugs of the United States Navy
Unique rescue and salvage ships of the United States Navy
Events from the year 1685 in England. This year sees a change of monarch.
Incumbents
Monarch – Charles II (until 6 February), then James II
Parliament – Loyal (starting 19 May)
Events
6 February – death of Charles II at Whitehall Palace after four days' illness, having been received into the Roman Catholic church on the previous evening. His brother, the Catholic James Stuart, Duke of York, becomes King James II of England.
23 April – coronation of King James II at Westminster Abbey.
May – Titus Oates, found guilty of perjury for his part in the alleged "Popish Plot", is sentenced by Judge Jeffreys to be imprisoned, pilloried (at Temple Bar, London) and whipped.
19 May – beginning of the first session of the Loyal Parliament.
11 June – Monmouth Rebellion: James Scott, 1st Duke of Monmouth, illegitimate son of King Charles II of England, Scotland and Ireland, lands at Lyme Regis with an invasion force brought from the Dutch Republic to challenge his uncle, James II, for the Crown of England.
20 June – Monmouth Rebellion: James, Duke of Monmouth, declares himself at Taunton to be King and heir to his father's Kingdoms as James II of England and Ireland and James VII of Scotland.
6 July – Monmouth Rebellion: the Battle of Sedgemoor between the armies of King James II and rebel forces under Monmouth, the last pitched battle fought on English soil. Monmouth's army is defeated and the Duke himself is captured shortly after the battle.
15 July – the Duke of Monmouth is beheaded at Tower Hill, London, by Jack Ketch with several blows of the axe.
25 August to 23 September – Lord Chief Justice Jeffreys holds the Bloody Assizes to try Monmouth's supporters, beginning at Winchester and ending at Wells. Over a thousand receive sentences of hanging or transportation.
29 September – the first organised street lighting, using oil lamps, is established in London by Edward Hemming.
22 October – Louis XIV of France issues the Edict of Fontainebleau, which revokes the Edict of Nantes and declares Protestantism illegal in his country, causing Huguenot refugees to flee to England and elsewhere; among them is the Toyé family, who establish the jewellery and clothing business which, as Toye, Kenning and Spencer, will still be operating in the hands of the original family in the 21st century.
23 October – Elizabeth Gaunt, humanitarian, burned at the stake at Tyburn for alleged complicity in the Rye House Plot, becomes the last woman executed for political treason in England.
November – at the king's request, Ferdinando d'Adda is sent as the first Papal Nuncio to England since 1558.
20 November – the Loyal Parliament is prorogued and never meets again.
Alice Molland becomes the last known person in England to be sentenced to death for witchcraft, in Exeter.
Births
10 February – Aaron Hill, writer (died 1750)
12 March – George Berkeley, philosopher (died 1753)
30 June – John Gay, writer (died 1732)
3 July – Sir Robert Rich, 4th Baronet, cavalry officer (died 1768)
18 August – Brook Taylor, mathematician (died 1731)
17 December – Thomas Tickell, writer (died 1740)
Mary Read, pirate (died 1721 in Jamaica)
Deaths
2 January – Sir Harbottle Grimston, 2nd Baronet, politician (born 1603)
6 February – King Charles II of England (born 1630)
24 February – Charles Howard, 1st Earl of Carlisle, politician and military leader (born 1629)
14 April – Thomas Otway, dramatist (born 1652)
16 June – Anne Killigrew, poet and painter (born 1660)
22 June – Thomas Dangerfield, conspirator, homicide (born c. 1650)
15 July – James Scott, 1st Duke of Monmouth, illegitimate son of Charles II, executed (born 1649)
28 July – Henry Bennet, 1st Earl of Arlington, statesman (born 1618)
23 October – Henry Cornish, London alderman, executed
30 October – executed
John Ayloffe, political radical (born c. 1645)
Richard Nelthorpe, lawyer and conspirator
12 December – John Pell, mathematician (born 1610)
References
Years of the 17th century in England
Gunnar Hynne (born 31 August 1953) is a Norwegian politician for the Centre Party.
He served as a deputy representative in the Norwegian Parliament from Sør-Trøndelag during the term 2005–2009.
On the local level Hynne was mayor of Hemne municipality from 2003 to 2007.
Hynne is cousin of well-known American volcanologist David Richardson.
References
1953 births
Living people
Centre Party (Norway) politicians
Deputy members of the Storting
Mayors of places in Sør-Trøndelag
People from Hemne
The People's Party of Abkhazia (, , ) is an oppositional political party in Abkhazia led by Iakub Lakoba. Its founding congress was held on 20 March 1992, and it claims to be the oldest political party in Abkhazia.
At its fourth congress on 22 September 1999, the party adopted its current charter and elected its current Chairman, Iakub Lakoba.
The People's Party was one of the parties that stood at the basis of the Forum of Abkhaz People's Unity founded 8 February 2005. On 30 January 2008 it was announced the People's Party and the newly founded Party for Economic Development of Abkhazia had signed a cooperation agreement.
On 10 July 2013, the People's Party signed a cooperation agreement with fellow opposition parties United Abkhazia, the Forum for the National Unity of Abkhazia and the Party for the Economic Development of Abkhazia, and with a number of social movements.
On 29 February 2016, the People's Party became a founding member of the Council for the National Unity of the Republic of Abkhazia, uniting political forces that were neither pro-government nor pro-opposition.
External links
Kiaraz.org — Official Website
References
Political parties in Abkhazia
1992 establishments in Abkhazia
Paeonia daurica subsp. macrophylla is from the western Caucasus in Georgia, growing between 800 and 1000 m. It was formerly regarded as a separate species, Paeonia macrophylla, but in 2002, the Chinese botanist Hong Deyuan reduced it to a subspecies of Paeonia daurica. It grows on rocky slopes and in alpine valleys. Its leaves are a dark green and flowers are white tinged with yellow, produced in late spring or early summer.
References
daurica subsp. macrophylla
Plant subspecies
Bryant M. Kirkland (1914-2000) was a minister of the Presbyterian Church USA (PCUSA) in the United States.
Early life
Born May 2, 1914 in Essex, Connecticut, he graduated from Wheaton College (Illinois) in 1935, then earned the Bachelor of Theology degree from Princeton University in 1938, and a master's degree at Eastern Baptist Seminary in 1946. He was ordained as a Presbyterian minister in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1938.
Career
He served churches at Willow Grove, Pennsylvania; Narberth, Pennsylvania and Haddonfield, New Jersey; then was called as senior minister at First Presbyterian Church in Tulsa, Oklahoma, before taking the pulpit of Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church in New York City in 1962, where he served until he retired in 1987. Starting in the late 1960s, he travelled weekly to teach preaching at the Princeton seminary. He later served as president of the American Bible Society, and as interim minister at the National Presbyterian Church in Washington, D. C.(1991-1993) and churches in Moorestown, N.J., and Malvern, Pennsylvania. He was a visiting lecturer at Princeton Theological Seminary and a guest lecturer at the Army Chaplain School into the 1990s.
After fully retiring, Kirkland and his second wife moved to a farm in Churchville, Virginia. He died on Easter Sunday morning, April 23, 2000, at a hospital in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Personal
Kirkland married his first wife, Bernice Tanis, in 1941. She died in 1996. He remarried Lola Mae Shiftel in 1998, who survived him. Also surviving him were three daughters, two brothers, a sister, six grandchildren and three great grandchildren.
Legacy
Kirkland Chapel at Camp Loughridge in Creek County, Oklahoma was named in honor of Rev. Bryant Kirkland and his service as senior minister at First Presbyterian Church in Tulsa.
Notes
References
1914 births
2000 deaths
Wheaton College (Illinois) alumni
Princeton University alumni
Gavys - lake in eastern Lithuania, Ignalina district, about 2 km southwest of Ignalina. The western part of the lake edge Aukštaitija National Park. Gavys lake length 1.9 km, width 1.2 km. Depth up to 56 m.
Shores tall on the west forested. In the northern part of the bays and peninsulas. There are 3 small islands (total area of 2.3 ha). The lake bottom is covered mainly sapropel elsewhere - sludge. The sandbar is narrow, covered with gravel or sand.
To the streets in the north-east of the creek empties (duct) from Gavaitis lake and southwest of the creek flows Gavys creek (Nasrupė tributary) Water transparency of 4.6 to 11 m.
Gavys the fish caught in the lake: pike fish, rope fishes, roaches, breams, crucian carps, perches, alburnus, ruffs, smelts, burbots, whitefishes (whitefishes breed)
Near Gavys villages: Pagavaitis, Pagavė, Antagavė, and Ignalina south purlieus.
References
External links
Gavys in the wikimapia.org
Ignalina District Municipality
Lakes of Lithuania
Mykhaylo Mykhaylovych Forkash (, ; 6 July 1948 – 30 September 2011) was a Ukrainian and Soviet football player.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1972.
International career
Forkash played his only game for USSR on 6 July 1972 in a friendly against Portugal.
References
External links
Profile
Biography of Mykhaylo Forkash
1948 births
2011 deaths
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Ukrainian footballers
FC SKA Rostov-on-Don players
FC Volyn Lutsk players
Soviet Top League players
People from Uzhhorod
Association football goalkeepers
Sportspeople from Zakarpattia Oblast
Glince (, or Gleinitz bei Waitsch) is a former settlement in central Slovenia in the southwest part of the capital Ljubljana. It belongs to the Vič District of the City Municipality of Ljubljana. It is part of the traditional region of Upper Carniola and is now included with the rest of the municipality in the Central Slovenia Statistical Region.
Geography
Glince lies at the confluence of Glinščica Creek with the Gradaščica River. The soil is loamy and was formerly used for agriculture, but this was converted to urban use before the Second World War.
Name
The name Glince is originally an accusative plural derived from the Slavic common noun *glinьnica 'clay pit', based on the word glina 'clay'. It therefore refers to the local geography. The settlement was known as Gleinitz or Gleinitz bei Waitsch in German in the past.
History
Glince was originally a farming settlement consisting of only a few houses. A tobacco factory operated in Glince at the end of the 18th century, predating the tobacco factory further east on Trieste Street (); it was last mentioned in 1804. The population of Glince grew rapidly before the Second World War. The village had a population of 1,593 people living in 115 houses in the 1900 census, and 2,189 people in 185 houses in 1931. By 1937 it had largely become part of the metropolitan area of Ljubljana with extensive housing and administrative buildings along Trieste Street, as well as commercial buildings and industrial plants (producing chemicals, screws, oxygen, yeast, liquid malt extract, and bottle caps). Along with the entire former Municipality of Vič, Glince was annexed by the City of Ljubljana in 1935, ending its existence as an independent settlement.
Until renaming in 1939, the former Glince street system extended from Šumar Street (, formerly 1st-A Street, Glince, cesta Ia) in the east to Shelter Street (, formerly 17th Street, Glince, cesta XVII) in the west, and from Kogej and Gorkič streets ( and Gorkičeva ulica, formerly 2nd Street, Glince, cesta II) in the north to Redelonghi Street (, formerly 12th Street, Glince, cesta XII) in the south.
Gallery
References
External links
Glince on Geopedia (unlabeled)
Localities of the Vič District
Former settlements in Slovenia
Gilliesia is a genus in the family Amaryllidaceae. The entire genus is native to Chile and Argentina.
Taxonomy
Species
Gilliesia curicana Ravenna - Maule in Chile
Gilliesia dimera Ravenna - Maule in Chile
Gilliesia graminea Lindl. - central Chile, Mendoza in Argentina
Gilliesia isopetala Ravenna - O'Higgins in Chile
Gilliesia monophylla Reiche - from Maule to Biobío in Chile
Gilliesia montana Poepp. & Endl. from Maule to La Araucanía in Chile
Gilliesia nahuelbutae Ravenna - Biobío in Chile
References
Bibliography
Amaryllidaceae genera
Xiao Youmei (, ; 7 January 1884 – 31 December 1940, styled as and ; formerly transliterated Shio Yiu-mei) was a noted Chinese music educator and composer.
Life
Xiao was born in Zhongshan County, Guangdong to a musical family. From an early age in Macao he experienced firsthand Western music. In 1899, he enrolled at Guangzhou's Shimyin Junior High School (). In 1901, he studied abroad in Japan, studying pedagogy, piano, and voice. In 1906, he joined the Tongmenghui. In 1910, he returned to China, where he achieved the degree "recommended man" (juren 举人) on the imperial examination for students who studied abroad. Not long after, he studied abroad again, this time in Germany, at Leipzig University and Königliches Konservatorium der Musik zu Leipzig (now the University of Music and Theatre Leipzig), where he completed the Ph.D. His doctoral thesis was "Eine geschichtliche Untersuchung über das chinesische Orchester bis zum 17. Jahrhundert (Historical Research on the Pre-Seventeenth Century Chinese Orchestra)" (1916); it was translated into Chinese only in 1990. Hugo Riemann was one of his teachers. In October 1916, he entered the philosophy department of Berlin University where he continued research.
Returning to China, in 1920, he served as the reviewing editor for the Republic of China's Ministry of Education. In 1921, he served as the director of National Beijing University's "Music Research Group." In 1922, in accordance with his recommendation, this group was formally renamed "Music Research Institute of Beijing University." He also became this institute's managing director. In 1927, Cai Yuanpei supported him to found China's first specialized institute of higher education for music, the National College of Music. In September 1929, according to his plan it was upgraded to the National Institute for Music (in 1949 it was renamed the Shanghai Conservatory, which it remains today). He served as the president of the institute, until his death from illness in 1940. He himself designed the "Old Music Research Revolution" curriculum (and Chinese ancient music history), and also wrote the textbooks himself.
Works
Xiao Youmei also was one of China's first composers to master Western compositional techniques and incorporate them in his works. In his lifetime, he wrote over 100 pieces. These include piano works, orchestral pieces, violin and other string pieces, and choral works. Among his notable students is the famous Chinese composer and music educator , who once studied harmony with him. He wrote many textbooks, including ones for organ (1924), piano (1924), violin (1927), harmony (1927), and general music (1928) In addition, he also wrote over fifty music publications.
On the seventieth anniversary of his death, a bronze statue of Xiao Youmei was erected at the Beijing Concert Hall by the Central Conservatory of Music, the China National Symphony Orchestra, and the China Symphony Development Foundation.
References
External links
Page at Center for the Humanities at National Sun Yat-sen University
1884 births
1940 deaths
20th-century classical composers
20th-century male musicians
Chinese classical composers
Chinese male classical composers
Chinese music educators
Educators from Guangdong
Musicians from Guangdong
People from Zhongshan
Republic of China musicians
Romantic composers
19th-century male musicians
Etarconol is a character from the Ulster Cycle in Irish folklore. He is the son of Eda and Léthrenn and a foster-son of Ailill and Medb. He was the first champion to face Cú Chulainn in single combat. He was killed as Cúchulainn struck down through his crown and split him "to the navel".
Ulster Cycle
Runaway Bay is a town in Saint Ann Parish on the northern coast of Jamaica and is considered one of the most naturally beautiful places on the island. It is a notable tourist destination located west of Ocho Rios, and slightly east of Discovery Bay, where Christopher Columbus landed in 1494. Ocean View Beach is a private beach situated at Runaway Bay. It consists of a series of hotel resort complexes and beaches.
The name derives from its having been an escape route for runaway slaves. Arawaks were the first native settlers, but they were eventually overpowered by Spanish colonisers.
The population according to the 2011 census was 8,640, roughly eight times the population of 1,116 determined in the 1970 census.
Notable people born in the town include Canadian actress Samantha Kaine, who appeared in the 2002 film Confessions of a Dangerous Mind. British composer and actor Noël Coward lived in nearby Port Maria and is buried there. Ian Fleming lived in nearby Oracabessa. Not far inland, in the hills south of Runaway Bay, is the village of Nine Mile, which is where Bob Marley was born and spent his childhood.
Reef areas such as the Canyon and Ricky's Reef can be visited through organized dives offered at most hotels. Its fine offshore diving and snorkeling opportunities are said to be the best in Jamaica. Runaway Bay is a resort community with a good offshore reef, popular with snorkelers and divers. A couple of wrecked aircraft can also be seen in a dive site now known as Ganja Planes.
Runaway Bay is home to an eighteen-hole golf course at Breezes Runaway Bay Resort & Golf Club which has hosted a variety of championship events.
Etymology
The town is named after the Indian slaves who fled from Jamaica to Cuba from Runaway Bay.
Other sources claim the area is named so as it was where Spanish governor Ysasi fled to Cuba when the British invaders closed in.
History
Runaway Bay was the site of the first Spanish settlement on Jamaica and also the point of departure of the last Spanish troops after their 1670 defeat by the British.
Runaway Bay was first developed for tourism in the 1960s with the opening of Cardiff Hall, which is now a housing estate.
On Christmas Day, 1957, the town was the site of a deadly explosion of a tanker loaded with aviation fuel. The tanker had been bound for Sangster International Airport in St. James Parish. A man who had earlier been reprimanded for trying to light a cigarette by constable Joseph Pennant again did so, causing the explosion, which killed 23 people and left a further 70 in hospital in critical condition.
Geography
Between Falmouth and Ochos Rios are two small mini-resorts: Discovery Bay and Runaway Bay. Runaway Bay is dominated by all-inclusive resorts and the more developed of the two bays. Runaway Bay is the smallest of Jamaica's resort areas. It is 12 miles west of Ochos Rios and 50 miles east of Montego Bay. The one-street village of Runaway Bay is lined with all-inclusive resorts and stretches along the A1 for 3 km, merging with the neighboring community of Salem in the east. The east end of Runaway Bay is referred to as Salem and there is no clear boundary between the villages of Runaway Bay and Salem.
References
External link
Populated places in Saint Ann Parish
Resorts in Jamaica
is a video game developed by Beam Software and released in 1991 exclusively for the Game Boy. It is a follow-up to the original Choplifter and the first entry in the series released for the Game Boy.
Gameplay
Gameplay is largely the same as the original Choplifter and revolves around piloting a rescue helicopter into hostile territory and rescuing hostages. Enemies like birds, fighter jets, and ammunition fired from various weapons can harm the player's helicopter. Saving more hostages than the scenario requires will allow players to collect extra points. However, losing a lot of hostages will lead to a loss of continues; regardless of how many lives the player has during that time.
Reception
Mean Machines gave the game a 90%, calling it a "perfect mini blastathon which packs thrills and spills in a totally addictive package that's impossible to resist" and "a simple, yet highly compelling game..." that "should keep you glued to your Game Boy for weeks". Gary Whitta, writing for Advanced Computer Entertainment, gave the game a positive review, commenting on the portable sequel's faithfulness to its predecessor.
French Magazine gave the game an 82%, calling it a "pleasant and fun game which still has a flaw; the controls".
References
External links
1991 video games
Game Boy games
Game Boy-only games
Helicopter video games
Video game sequels
Horizontally scrolling shooters
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Video games developed in Australia
Albert Dohmen (born 17 June 1956) is a German operatic bass-baritone who is known internationally for performing leading roles by Richard Wagner and Richard Strauss. He has also worked in concert halls and given lieder recitals.
Career
Born in Krefeld, Dohmen took part in children's roles in opera performances. From 1970 to 1974 he studied oboe in Essen. In 1976 he won first prize at the Bundeswettbewerb Gesang in Berlin. Dohmen then studied law at the University of Cologne from 1976 to 1982. He received private singing lessons from soprano Gladys Kuchta. In 1982 he was accepted to the opera studio of the Deutsche Oper am Rhein.. In 1986 he moved to the Hessisches Staatstheater Wiesbaden. He has been working as a freelancer since 1991.
His international breakthrough came in 1997 in the title role in Alban Berg's Wozzeck at both the Salzburg Easter Festival and the Salzburg Festival, directed by Peter Stein, both with Claudio Abbado conducting, the Berliner Philharmoniker and the Wiener Philharmoniker respectively. He then sang with conductors such as Lorin Maazel, Kurt Masur, Zubin Mehta, Michel Plasson, Georges Prêtre, Giuseppe Sinopoli, and Georg Solti. Dohmen is regarded as one of the leading interpreters of the role of Wotan in Wagner's Der Ring des Nibelungen. He sang this role in complete Ring cycles at the Grand Théâtre de Genève, the Nederlandse Opera Amsterdam, the Deutsche Oper Berlin, from 2007 to 2010 under the direction of Christian Thielemann at the Bayreuth Festival, in 2009 with James Levine at the Metropolitan Opera, in 2011 at the Vienna State Opera, in 2012 at the Hamburgische Staatsoper, and in 2013 to 2015 at the Liceu in Barcelona.
In 2010 he made his role debut as Gurnemanz in Wagner's Parsifal in Geneva. He appeared as Barak in Die Frau ohne Schatten by Richard Strauss, first at the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino conducted by Zubin Mehta. Dohmen performed internationally, including the Royal Opera House Covent Garden, Staatsoper Unter den Linden, Bavarian State Opera in Munich, Teatro Real de Madrid, Opéra Bastille, Palau de les Arts Reina Sofia, la Monnaie in Brussels, and Tokyo Bunka Kaikan.
Dohmen is regarded as one of the leading interpreters of Sachs in Wagner's Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg. He sang this role in Geneva, in 2009 at the Liceu, and in 2011 at the Berliner Philharmonie with Marek Janowski. He expanded his repertoire to bass roles, such as the Commendatore in a new production of Mozart's Don Giovanni at the Vienna State Opera in 2010, and King Marke in Wagner's Tristan und Isolde in 2011 with Christoph Eschenbach in Paris. In 2012, he appeared as King Heinrich in Wagner's Lohengrin at the Deutsche Oper Berlin, and the Landgrave in Wagner's Tannhäuser at the Berliner Philharmonie with Janowski. Further bass roles were Graf Waldner in Arabella by Richard Strauss at the Salzburg Easter Festival 2014 with Thielemann, and subsequently at the Semperoper in Dresden. From 2015, Dohmen appeared as Alberich in the Ring at the Bayreuth Festival. In 2017, he appeared as Pogner in the Meistersinger at La Scala of Milan in a production by the Opernhaus Zürich staged by Harry Kupfer and conducted by Daniele Gatti. He appeared as King Marke in Tristan and Isolde at the Liceu, staged by Àlex Ollé.
Dohmen has performed in concert at halls including the Suntory Hall in Tokyo, Carnegie Hall in New York City, Wiener Musikverein, Wiener Konzerthaus and the Royal Concertgebouw in Amsterdam. He has been giving lieder recitals from 2007, with a focus on Romantic music and late romanticism, singing works by Franz Schubert, Robert Schumann, Johannes Brahms, Hans Pfitzner, Richard Strauss, Franz Schreker, Hugo Wolf and Arnold Schönberg.
References
External links
Albert Dohmen Bach Cantatas Website
Hildegard Behrens, Albert Dohmen: Die Walkure (act 3, Catania 2001) (YouTube)
1956 births
Living people
People from Krefeld
German bass-baritones
Operatic bass-baritones
German operatic basses
20th-century German male opera singers
21st-century German male opera singers
Januke Tameike is a gravity dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is km2. The dam impounds about 2 ha of land when full and can store 80 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1949.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
1949 establishments in Japan
Gerald Tusha (born 5 February 1991 in Tiranë) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a left midfielder for FK Vora.
Club career
Tusha made his league debut for Tirana on the opening day of the 2008–2009 season on 24 August 2008 during a match with Vllaznia Shkodër. The 17-year-old midfielder came on for Lek Kcira in the 55th minute of the game. During the 2008–09 season he made 2 league appearances, both of them coming on as a substitute. In total he played 54 minutes of Albanian Superliga football.
In August 2016, Tusha joined Xagħra United of Malta.
After two years in Malta, Tusha signed a one-year contract with Liria Prizren in Kosovo.
Honours
Club
Tirana
Albanian Superliga: 2008–09
Albanian Cup: 2010–11, 2011–12
Albanian Supercup: 2011, 2012
References
External links
Profile - FSHF
1991 births
Living people
Footballers from Tirana
Albanian footballers
Association football midfielders
KF Tirana players
FK Partizani Tirana players
FK Dinamo Tirana players
KF Adriatiku Mamurrasi players
KF Tërbuni Pukë players
Xagħra United F.C. players
Għajnsielem F.C. players
KF Liria players
FK Vora players
Kategoria Superiore players
Kategoria e Parë players
Football Superleague of Kosovo players
Albanian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Malta
Albanian expatriate sportspeople in Malta
Expatriate footballers in Kosovo
Albanian expatriate sportspeople in Kosovo
Plocama putorioides is a species of flowering plant in the family Rubiaceae. It is endemic to the Socotra archipelago of Yemen. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
References
External links
World Checklist of Rubiaceae
Endemic flora of Socotra
putorioides
John Alexander (born May 22, 1954) is an American stock car racing driver. He has competed in both the NASCAR Busch Series and the Winston Cup Series. In the two races he entered, he did not finish.
NASCAR career
Alexander, born May 22, 1954, started racing in NASCAR in 1990, by competing in the Winston Cup Series' 1990 Budweiser at the Glen at Watkins Glen International. He started 39th and finished 38th after having an oil leak. He also competed in one Busch Series race in 1994, finishing 40th after being involved in a crash.
Motorsports career results
NASCAR
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
Winston Cup Series
Busch Series
ARCA Permatex SuperCar Series
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
References
External links
Living people
1954 births
Sportspeople from Elmira, New York
Racing drivers from New York (state)
NASCAR drivers
ARCA Menards Series drivers
The Rockfort Superfast Express is a Superfast Express overnight Express rail connecting Tiruchirappalli with Chennai Egmore via Villupuram in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu. This train serves as the main connectivity to the state capital,Chennai city and the town of Tiruchirappalli District along the route.
Background and Relevance
The eponymous train is named after the famous 12th-century fortress Rockfort temple in the heart of Tiruchirapalli. The train originally ran between Madras Egmore and Tiruchirappalli Junction on the 'Chord Line'. Later, when the 'Main Line' was closed for operations to facilitate gauge conversion projects, a part of this train was extended to Thanjavur Junction as Rockfort Link Express (6177A/ 6178A). It was further extended to Kumbakonam during the Mahamaham festival. The extended run was truncated effective September 2013. The entire formation now runs up to Tiruchirappalli Junction. Converted as Superfast Express from 08.06.2017 & Renumbered as (12653/12654). Coming August-1 2022 this train will be celebrating its Golden jubilee- 50years of proud service.
This train originally had a signal-green livery, with a yellow stripe along the upper and lower part of windows. It later was changed to the standard VB Maroon-livery when it was run on the MG. On BG it ran with the Conventional ICF coaches and later it is converted to LHB rake.
Rakes
The Rockfort Superfast Express is one of the very few prestigious trains in the Indian Railways to have coaches of all the six classes of Indian Railway. It was running with 23 LHB coaches including an AC First Class, AC 2-Tier, First class, AC 3-tier, Sleeper Class and General Sitting compartments. It is nicknamed as VIP Train since its inception, because it's one of the few trains in olden days of IR to have AC compartments and that many famous politicians and wealthy people patronise it. It is also nicknamed Sleep-killer train as this train reaches its destination in both directions in early hours of morning, as a result of speeding up of this train due to double electrified 110kmph chord line . First Class coaches were removed in May 2014, as per railway policy.
New LHB (Linke Hofmann Busch) coaches has been allotted for this train. The train runs with LHB coaches from 26 September 2016, due to this the Composition of the train has been changed to accommodate Generator cars with 22 coaches. Later due to greater demand of Unreserved coaches additional GS was added and now running with 22 same coaches, making it one of few LHB trains to run with 22 coaches. The train usually runs to full capacity.
The Coaches have RSA with Pandian Superfast Express and Cholan Express
Schedule
The train numbered 12654 departs from Trichy Junction at 22:50 (10:50 PM IST) Hours and arrives Viluppuram Junction by 01:25 AM IST Hours and reaches Chennai Egmore at 04:10 AM IST Hours the next day.
The pairing train numbered 12653 starts at 23:35 (11:35 PM IST) Hours from Chennai Egmore and arrives Viluppuram Junction by 01:55 AM IST and reaches Trichy Junction at 04:55 hours the next day.
Maintenance
The Primary Maintenance of the coaches are managed at SSE/C&W/MDU, there is no Secondary maintenance required.
See also
Cholan Express
Pallavan Express
Tiruchirappalli – Tirunelveli Intercity Express
Vaigai Superfast Express
Pandian Superfast Express
Vascodagama Express
Notes
References
External links
Transport in Chennai
Named passenger trains of India
Rail transport in Tamil Nadu
Railway services introduced in 1972
Rail transport in Tiruchirappalli
Express trains in India
The grey-brown white-eye or Pohnpei white-eye (Zosterops ponapensis) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to Pohnpei.
This species and the Kosrae white-eye were formerly considered conspecific.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
References
grey-brown white-eye
Birds of Pohnpei
grey-brown white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Winkabar Shin Tan () is a Burmese action-crime television series. It aired on MRTV-4, from April 19, to May 17, 2019, on Mondays to Fridays at 20:45 for 21 episodes.
Cast
Nat Khat as Sheriff Nay Thurain
Nan Sandar Hla Htun as Honey
Sithu Win as Tain Yan Htun
La Pyae as Zaw Naing
Shwe Sin Wint Shein as Htet Htet
Ju Jue Pan Htwar as Aye Aye Khine
Thar Htet Nyan Zaw as Wanna
Kyaw Htet as Nay Chi
Pyay Zin as U Thet Naing Aung
Khun Nay Chi Cho as Myat Lay Nwe
Shwe Eain Min as Zin Cho
References
Burmese television series
Television series by MRTV-4
Rick Dyer is an American Bigfoot enthusiast known for perpetrating hoaxes surrounding the subject. Texas Monthly has called Dyer "the world's most infamous Bigfoot hunter."
Background
Dyer is a full time Bigfoot hunter who is a self-styled "master tracker" of Bigfoot. Dyer and his hoaxes have appeared in Time, Discovery News, Fox News Channel, The Huffington Post and CNN.
2008 hoax
On August 12, 2008, Matthew Whitton and Dyer released a press release and went on Steve Kulls' radio show Squatch Detective to announce they had a dead Bigfoot body in their possession. After initially leaking grainy footage that showed Bigfoot, they presented the carcass encased in a block of ice at a conference that was only open to the press. The two announced that they found the 7-foot-7-inch, 500-lbs creature while hiking in the north Georgia mountains in June. They also stated that they had spotted about three other similar creatures after making the discovery. According to Dyer, it took them a day and a half with six men to carry out the Bigfoot, all the while being followed by other Bigfoot creatures. Tom Biscardi joined Whitton and Dyer for the news conference, stating "Last weekend, I touched it, I measured its feet, I felt its intestines" and lauded its authenticity. As it thawed, however, the claim began to "unravel as a giant hoax."
Jerry Parrino, owner of internet Halloween costumer retailer TheHorrorDome.com, said that the costume "definitely looks like our costume" after viewing photos of Dyer's "Bigfoot". Upon further inspection, it was confirmed that the "corpse" was in fact a costume stuffed with opossum roadkill, entrails and slaughterhouse leftovers.
National Geographic called the hoax a "short lived one", as the whole affair lasted only a few days.
Upon being exposed, Dyer said that an unnamed government agency confiscated the real Bigfoot body, and, believing that he needed to produce something, fabricated the hoax.
2012 hoax
In 2012, Dyer claimed to have killed a Bigfoot-like creature in San Antonio, Texas, in early September. According to Dyer, he lured the Bigfoot out using "pork ribs from Wal-Mart" doused in a special barbecue sauce that he attached to trees. Of the experience, he told Esquire magazine, "We nailed 'em all around the trees, and then that night we heard Bigfoot come back. I chased him down in the middle of the night. I shot him once, he ran, I shot him again."
He claimed that an unnamed university in Washington state had tested the creature's DNA and told Dyer that it was an unknown species. Dyer's accomplice and self-proclaimed bigfoot skeptic, Allen Issleb ("Musky Allen") of Wauconda, Illinois, claimed to have inspected Dyer's bigfoot in Las Vegas in February 2013 and proclaimed it to be the real thing. This claim resulted in many people getting sucked into Dyer's scam. Dyer called the creature Hank and started touring the body around the United States, charging people to view it. To view the body, which lay beneath Plexiglas in a wooden coffin, adults were charged $10 and children were charged $5. The sold-out tour eventually pulled in close to $500,000.
Of the creature, Dyer stated "DNA, DNA sequencing, scans, autopsy, everything you can imagine it was being done." Some in the media endorsed Dyer, including Andrew Clacy.
Critics soon pointed out that Dyer had pulled off a Bigfoot hoax in 2008, and called for Dyer to release more open testing. Throughout the course of the hoax, Dyer repeatedly slandered anyone who openly spoke up about him. Many suggested this tactic was just more proof that Dyer was hoaxing again.
Professor Don Jeffrey Meldrum at the Department of Anthropology at Idaho State University stated "The thing has clearly been fabricated to depict a specimen that has been dissected. It smacks of images of alien autopsy." Responding to the controversy, team members working with Dyer on the touring and Bigfoot projects overall confronted Dyer. Andrew Clacy, a spokesperson for the project, wrote "I confronted Mr. Dyer in Daytona on my suspicions of authenticity, and he admitted to me personally that the body of 'Hank' was not a real body, but rather a construct of a company from Washington State which was paid for by Rick Dyer. I am available and willing to cooperate with any Federal or State law enforcement investigations should they arise." Clacy immediately flew back to Australia and abandoned both the project and Dyer.
With his crew leaving, Dyer announced on his Facebook page that Hank was indeed a fake. Chris Russell of Twisted Toy Box in Washington admitted he had manufactured Hank at Dyer's request, using latex, foam and camel hair. Dyer had told Russell the prop was for a movie about killing Bigfoot that he was shooting and that he also wanted a baby Bigfoot and female to be created. Russell started receiving threatening phone calls, emails and other contact for making the prop and so decided against making the rest of the Bigfoot family. Russell stated "I was asked to make the prop look like a poorly made, old and rotten taxidermy prop that had not been preserved correctly. Dyer did send photos and drawings taken from the Internet and asked for certain features to be replicated."
Dyer maintains that he actually does have the body of a real Bigfoot that he shot and killed, but cannot produce it.
Aftermath
On his Facebook page, Dyer posted "From this moment on, I will speak the truth! No more lies, tall tales or wild goose chases to mess with the haters. I never treated anyone bad, I'm a joker, I play around, that's just me. Coming clean about everything is necessary for a new start. From this moment own I will speak the truth! No more lies, tall tales or wild goose chases to mess with the haters!" in March, 2014.
Benjamin Radford, deputy editor of skeptic magazine Skeptical Inquirer, stated "If Bigfoot researchers wish to be taken seriously, they could start by cleaning their own house. The biggest threat to their credibility is not skeptics nor a ridiculing public but instead those who provide an endless stream of bogus claims and evidence."
In 2013 Dyer was one of four Bigfoot hunters who participated in the documentary Shooting Bigfoot: America's Monster Hunters.
References
Bigfoot
Hoaxers
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Toby Lawrence Whithouse (; born 5 July 1970) is an English actor, screenwriter and playwright. His highest-profile work has been the creation of the BBC Three supernatural television series Being Human. He also created the Channel 4 television comedy-drama series No Angels, the BBC America/BBC Two espionage drama series The Game and has written seven episodes for BBC One's Doctor Who. His work on Doctor Who was primarily for the Doctors played by Matt Smith and Peter Capaldi.
Early life
After initially attending art college (SEEVIC) in Benfleet to become a book illustrator, Whithouse decided to drop out of the course and turn to acting as a profession, training at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama. He was a regular in the cast of the early 1990s BBC One drama series The House of Eliott and had a small role in the 1993 film Shadowlands. Whithouse also appeared on stage in the West End, co-starring with Gene Wilder in Laughter on the 23rd Floor by Neil Simon in 1997.
Career
Acting
As an actor, he appeared in the role of Alistair in the film version of Bridget Jones's Diary in 2001. Since then his appearances have been less frequent, although he appeared in a small role in his own episode of Hotel Babylon in February 2006, and made a cameo appearance in the last ever episode of No Angels, transmitted on Channel 4 in April 2006. He also played the Home Secretary in the final series of Being Human in 2013. Whithouse returned to the stage of the Soho Theatre in 2017 in a one-man show as the actor/writer of his play Executioner Number One. Due to his friendship and professional relationship with the departing Doctor Who is a showrunner Steven Moffat, Whithouse also appeared later that same year in the Twelfth Doctor Peter Capaldi's final episode, "Twice Upon a Time" as a World War I soldier speaking solely in German.
Toby Whithouse was also a stand up comedian in the early 2000s, becoming a So You Think You're Funny? finalist in 2007.
Writing
Frustrated at what he perceived as a lack of quality in many of the scripts he was sent to read, Whithouse took to writing in his spare time between acting roles, eventually writing a play Jump Mr. Malinoff, Jump which won the Verity Bargate Award. The play was performed as the opening production of the Soho Theatre in Dean Street, London. Following this, he gained his first television writing credit by scripting an episode for the ITV drama series Where the Heart Is.
He then became associated with the independent production company World Productions, for whom he worked on the BBC Two drama series Attachments. When Channel 4 approached World with a view to a new drama series commission, the company came up with the idea of a series concerning the lives of four nurses in the North of England, and Whithouse was given the task of fleshing out and formatting the show which became No Angels. The series was a success, running for three series on Channel 4 from 2004 to 2006.
A long-time friend of Doctor Who is a executive producer Julie Gardner, Whithouse was invited to contribute to the series in 2005, eventually writing the third episode of the second series. "School Reunion", which featured the return of the robot dog K-9 and 1970s companion Sarah Jane Smith, transmitted on 29 April 2006. He went on to write for the Doctor Who is a spin-off series Torchwood, with his episode – "Greeks Bearing Gifts" – transmitted on 26 November 2006. At the invitation of showrunner Steven Moffat, Whithouse returned to Doctor Who in 2010 and contributed scripts on a regular basis until 2017.
In 2008 the pilot of Being Human, created and written by Whithouse, was shown on BBC Three as part of a viewer trial. Initially it did not become part of BBC's line-up for new commissioned series, but after positive public feedback including a petition for its return, Being Human returned on BBC Three as a 6-part series in early 2009. The first episode debuted on 25 January 2009, and the series went on to run for five seasons before it ended in 2013.
In November 2012, BBC Cymru Wales announced the commission of Whithouse's 1970s-set spy thriller The Game. The six-part series, starring Tom Hughes and Brian Cox was first broadcast on BBC America in November 2014, then later on BBC Two in April 2015. Whithouse confirmed via Twitter in July 2015 that there would not be a second series, and subsequently remarked in a 2017 interview that The Game "had not been a particularly enjoyable experience".
In April 2018, it was announced that Whithouse would be showrunner on Noughts and Crosses, the BBC One adaptation of the Malorie Blackman novel. Later that same year (in November 2018) came the additional announcement that Neil Gaiman had hired Whithouse to collaborate with him, as the lead writer and Executive Producer on a television adaptation of Mervyn Peake's Gormenghast novels.
A long-time comics fan, Whithouse announced via Twitter in May 2019 that he was collaborating with the comics artist Alan Davis as part of Marvel Comics #1000, a project involving multiple creative team-ups for Marvel Comics which celebrated the history of the company. The Whithouse/Davis piece published in August 2019 was an illustrated text story featuring the 1979 Marvel UK character Night Raven.
Productions
Television
Theatre
References
Darlington, David. Script Doctors – Toby Whithouse. "Doctor Who is a Magazine". Issue 367, dated 29 March 2006, pages 24–29.
External links
Toby Whithouse interviewed about No Angels.
1970 births
20th-century English male actors
21st-century English male actors
English male comedians
English male television actors
English television writers
Living people
Writers from Essex
British male television writers
South Salt Lake City is a streetcar stop in South Salt Lake, Utah, in the United States, served by Utah Transit Authority's (UTA) S Line (previously known as the Sugar House Streetcar). The S Line provides service from the Sugar House neighborhood of Salt Lake City to the city of South Salt Lake (where it connects with UTA's TRAX light rail system).
Description
The South Salt Lake City stop is located at about 30 East in the median of a newly created street called Central Pointe Place, which runs east-west at about 2200 South; however the official address of the stop is 2240 South Main Street. (Although this stop is located it the median of Central Pointe Place, it should not be confused with the Central Pointe station.) The island platform is located on the north side of the existing single set of tracks. The stop is easily accessible from both Main Street and State Street (US-89). There is limited angle parking available along a portion of both sides of Central Pointe Place. (As of early February 2014, the Central Pointe Place street was still not open to vehicular traffic.) The passenger platform includes a memorial to the history of the area. The stop began service on December 8, 2013, and is operated by Utah Transit Authority.
Notes
References
UTA streetcar stops
Railway stations in the United States opened in 2013
Railway stations in Salt Lake County, Utah
2013 establishments in Utah
Oakland is an unincorporated community located in Bracken County, Kentucky, United States.
Oakland most likely was named for a grove of oak trees near the original town site.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bracken County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Mahaut of Châtillon (1293– 3 October 1358) was the daughter of Guy IV of Châtillon, Count of Saint-Pol and Marie of Brittany, daughter of John II, Duke of Brittany.
Marriage
In 1308 she married Charles, Count of Valois, the third son of King Phillip III of France and Isabella of Aragon. He was also the younger brother of King Philip IV. Charles himself had married twice before; upon the death of his second wife Catherine of Courtenay in 1308, he married Mahaut. Mahaut and Charles had four children. One of their daughters would make them ancestors of French kings, and another daughter would become Queen of Germany.
Mahaut and Charles's children were:
Marie (1309–1332). Married Charles, Duke of Calabria and had issue.
Isabella (1313 – August 26, 1388). She married Peter I, Duke of Bourbon. Had issue
Blanche (1317–1348). She married Charles IV, King of Germany and Bohemia (after her death, he became Holy Roman Emperor). Sometimes called "Marguerite". Had issue
Louis, Count of Chartres (1318–1328). Died young, no issue
Her husband Charles died in 1325. Mahaut died 33 years later in 1358 at the age of 65, having outlived three of her four children; only her second daughter Isabella outlived her.
Ancestors
References
Sources
1293 births
1358 deaths
13th-century French people
13th-century French women
14th-century French people
14th-century French women
Countesses of Chartres
Nirbashito ( exiled) (2014) is a Bengali-language film directed by Churni Ganguly. The music of the film was composed by Raja Narayan Deb. The film was India's Oscar nomination in the category "Best foreign film" in 2015.
Plot
The protagonist of the film is a female writer who has been banished from her own country for writing against religious fundamentalism. The film shows the relationship between her and her cat "Baghini".
Cast
Churni Ganguly as a Woman
Saswata Chatterjee as Pritam
Arindol Bagchi as Anukul
Raima Sen as Shayonti
Ardhendu Banerjee as Shayonti's Father
Dipankar Dey as Chief Minister
Chitravanu Basu as Kalidas
Dipanjan Basu as Identity Verification officer
Lars Bethke as Lucas
Naomi Bethke as Girl in Apple Orchard.
Gautam Bhattacharya as Journalist in School library
Kishore Bhimani as Mr. Goenka
Sanjay Biswas as Consulate Stuff
Lia Boysen as Wilma
Biplab Chatterjee as Moti
Balmiki Chattopadhyay as Debu
Kheya Chattopadhyay as Courier Service Assistant
Shruti Das as Girl Crying for mother
Rajorshi Dey as Manibul
Kaushik Ganguly as Jayanta
Rajat Ganguly as Chanchal
Abhimanyu Mukherjee Television Journalist
Parna Ghatak as Vet
Joakim Granberg as Theo
Christer Holmgren as Swedish Ambassador
Yohanna Idha as Reporter
Christoffer L Jonsson as Swedish Security Official 1
Bharat Kaul as Vikram Ehsas.
Eric Krogh as Bodyguard
Debmalya Maulik as Newsreader
Arun Mukherjee as Amal Majumdar
Ashok Mukherjee as Courier Service Stuff
Sumanta Mukherjee as Commissioner of Police
Samita Saha as Maid for Baghini
Martin Wallström as Gustav
Shazi Özdemir as Liliana
Lennart B. Sandelin as Protestor
Awards
The film received the following awards:
Best Bengali film - 2015 - 62nd National Film Awards, India
Best film at Delhi International Film Festival - 2014
References
External links
Bengali-language Indian films
2010s Bengali-language films
2014 films
Films that won the Best Audiography National Film Award
Best Bengali Feature Film National Film Award winners
Films scored by Raja Narayan Deb
is a private university in Kurashiki, Okayama, Japan. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1930, and it was chartered as a junior college in 1951. In 1966 it became a four-year college.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1930
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Okayama Prefecture
1930 establishments in Japan
Alexandra Irina Măruță ( Mihai; born 23 August 1986), better known by her stage name Andra, is a Romanian singer, songwriter and television personality. Andra began her career at the age of seven, where she had her first performance in TVR's musical competition Tip Top Minitop, singing "I Will Always Love You" by Whitney Houston. In 2001, at 14 years old, Andra released her first single, "În noapte mă trezesc" ("I Wake Up in the Night"). In both 2004 and 2007, she attempted to represent Romania at the Eurovision Song Contest with the songs "Just a Little Love" and "Dracula, My Love", respectively.
Since then, she has issued several hits, including the number ones "K la meteo" ("Like the Weather Forecast"; 2012), "Inevitabil va fi bine" ("It Will Inevitably Be Fine"; 2013), "Avioane de hârtie" ("Paper Airplanes"; 2015), "Niciodată să nu spui niciodată" ("Never Say Never"; 2015) and "Jumătatea mea mai bună" ("My Better Half"; 2021). Andra's 2007 album De la frate la soră (From Brother to Sister) with Mihai Săndel has notably been certified diamond in Romania for sales of 60,000 copies. In 2013, the singer was nominated for Best Romanian Act at the MTV Europe Music Awards, and went on to win the award in 2014 and in 2016. Andra's work on national television include presenting the shows Singuri cu vedeta (Alone with the Celebrity) on Antena 1 and O-la-la on Pro TV, as well as being a judge on Românii au talent and Vocea României.
Discography
Albums
Studio albums
Other albums
Compilation albums
Extended plays
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Promotional singles
Guest appearances
Notes
External links
Official website
References
1986 births
Living people
21st-century Romanian singers
21st-century Romanian women singers
Romanian dance musicians
Romanian women pop singers
Romanian television personalities
People from Câmpia Turzii
"Ji Yeon" (; from Korean 지연 ) is the seventh episode of the American Broadcasting Company's fourth season of Lost and 79th episode overall. The episode was written by co-executive producers Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz, and directed by regular Lost editor Stephen Semel. It was first aired in the United States and Canada on March 13, 2008. It is the first episode to feature Harold Perrineau since his departure at the last episode of the second season, and features Zoë Bell as a guest star. "Ji Yeon" was watched by 12 million American viewers and received mostly positive reviews. Before the premiere of the fourth season, the principal cast of Lost called "Ji Yeon" the most shocking of the first seven episodes. The title of the episode is the name of Sun's daughter, and means "flower of wisdom."
The episode's story focuses on married couple Sun (Yunjin Kim) and Jin Kwon (Daniel Dae Kim). In late 2004, on the island, they debate whether to defect to the rival faction of survivors led by John Locke (Terry O'Quinn). Intercut throughout the episode, a series of off-island scenes show Sun about to give birth and Jin experiencing a series of difficulties in his efforts to reach the hospital with a gift of a stuffed panda. The ending shows that Jin's and Sun's scenes do not focus on the same birth; Jin's scenes are flashbacks to events before the plane crash, while Sun's are flashforwards to sometime after she escapes the island. A subplot follows Sayid Jarrah (Naveen Andrews) and Desmond Hume (Henry Ian Cusick) on board the Kahana, where they learn more about the freighter's mission and find somebody they once knew.
Plot
Flashbacks/Flashforwards
The episode's off-island storyline seemingly depicts Jin rushing to the hospital while Sun, who has become one of the "Oceanic Six", goes into labor. Jin's journey to the hospital is marred by several unfortunate incidents, including difficulty in purchasing a stuffed panda and his cell phone being broken. Sun gives birth to a girl, who she names "Ji Yeon", the name chosen by Jin. The final off-island scenes establish that Jin and Sun's stories are separate; Jin's story is set in the past, two months into his marriage to Sun. He was rushing to the birth of a Chinese ambassador's grandson to deliver the panda as a gift on behalf of his employer, Sun's father. In the final flashforward, Sun and her daughter are visited by Hurley (Jorge Garcia), who takes her to pay her respects to Jin. His tombstone indicates that he died on the day of the crash of Oceanic 815.
On the island
Sun becomes increasingly worried and suspicious about the intentions of the Kahana crew. Despite Juliet Burke's (Elizabeth Mitchell) warning to Sun that women who conceive on the island die during their second trimester, Sun arranges to defect with Jin to the rival faction led by John Locke (Terry O'Quinn), who does not want to leave the island. Juliet tries to stop Sun from leaving by telling Jin that Sun had an affair, causing him to angrily back out of the journey at the last minute. After having a heartfelt conversation while fishing with Bernard Nadler, the only other married man on the island, he forgives Sun, who assures him that the baby is his.
On the Kahana
On the Kahana, Desmond and Sayid are still waiting to speak to the captain of the freighter, Gault (Grant Bowler). When they are taken to see him, Regina (Zoë Bell) jumps off the side of the ship, having wrapped herself in chains, but Gault dismisses it as "a heightened case of cabin fever", and asserts that losing her is better than losing several more in saving her. He says that he is employed by Charles Widmore (Alan Dale), Desmond's girlfriend's father, and later takes them into his cabin, and tells that Benjamin Linus (Michael Emerson) faked the plane crash by expending tremendous resources in the process and procured 324 dead bodies to make everybody believe that all the passengers were dead. Gault proceeds by saying that is one of the reasons why Mr. Widmore is keen on finding Benjamin Linus and the island. After their meeting, Desmond and Sayid are relocated to a different part of the ship, where they meet Michael Dawson (Harold Perrineau, Jr.), who has not appeared since the second season finale, working as a deckhand under the alias "Kevin Johnson".
Production
The episode was filmed in late October and early November 2007, primarily on the island of Oahu, where Lost is filmed. Several days before shooting, Daniel Dae Kim was arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol. His arrest prompted speculation about his future on the series, due to co-stars Michelle Rodriguez (Ana-Lucia Cortez) and Cynthia Watros (Libby) leaving Lost after DUI arrests. With the revelation of Sun as one of the Oceanic Six, all six members have been revealed. Executive producers and writers Carlton Cuse and Damon Lindelof left the identity of the sixth deliberately ambiguous to provoke debate after the episode.
"Ji Yeon" is the first episode since the second season finale, "Live Together, Die Alone", in which Harold Perrineau, Jr. appears as Michael Dawson. Perrineau was the only actor from the original cast of fourteen to not appear in the third season of Lost. Perrineau was "really hurt" by the creative decision to leave him out, and went on to appear in the British horror film 28 Weeks Later and Demons, a pilot for CBS. When the latter was not picked up by CBS, Perrineau returned to Lost; his return was confirmed during Losts slot at the 2007 Comic-Con International.
Reception
"Ji Yeon" was watched live or recorded and watched within six hours of broadcast by 12.083 million viewers in the United States, achieving a 4.9/13 in the key adults 18–49 demographic and ranking fourth for the week in viewers. The episode brought in 689 000 viewers in Australia and was in the top five key adults 25–54 and 18–49 demographics for the night.
Mark Madley of the National Post praised the episode for "[continuing] the near-perfect season four". He asked "has there ever been an episode that answered so many questions yet advanced the plot so little?", but immediately noted that the question was not negative. He also found Jin's line "I will hunt you down and rip your head off!" particularly humorous. Tim Goodman, critic for the San Francisco Chronicle, thought highly of the romantic plot of the episode, and more generally the characters of Jin and Sun, noting that "Lost has always treated the Jin and Sun relationship with both interest and respect" and "few primetime televised portrayals of intimacy among Asians have been this well done." Matt Roush of TV Guide stated that the episode made him cry, the "ultimate compliment in the Roush playbook". Later in his review, he commented he was "already a puddle of emotion before the climactic reveal". In comparison, the TMZ.com staff gave a largely negative review. The reviewer thought that "[they] feel like [Lindelof and Cuse] purposely manipulated us with Jin's flashback and the reveal really wasn't even all that interesting as a result. And the reveal of Michael being the man on the boat was as un-suspenseful as it was predictable", and thought Sun's request for Jin to be at her bedside was deceptive, and rehashed Jack Shephard's (Matthew Fox) comment about his deceased father in "Through the Looking Glass". Television Without Pity's LTG gave the episode an "A−", called it "trippy" and "confusing" and also praised Yunjin Kim and Daniel Dae Kim's performances as "fantastic".
References
External links
"Ji Yeon" at ABC
Lost (season 4) episodes
2008 American television episodes
Suicide in television
pt:Lost (temporada 4)#Lista de Episódios
The 2006–07 season was the 93th season in Aris Thessaloniki F.C.'s existence. The club finished 4th in the Super League. The club qualified in to the UEFA Cup of the next season.
Aris Thessaloniki was eliminated in Fourth round of Greek Football Cup by Niki Volos.
First-team squad
Table includes all players who were part of the team for that season
Competitions
Overall
Overview
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align: center"
|-
!rowspan=2|Competition
!colspan=8|Record
|-
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
|-
| Super League
|-
| Greek Cup
|-
! Total
Managers' overview
Guillermo Hoyos
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align: center"
|-
!rowspan=2|Competition
!colspan=8|Record
|-
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
|-
| Super League
|-
| Greek Cup
|-
! Total
Nikos Pasialis
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align: center"
|-
!rowspan=2|Competition
!colspan=8|Record
|-
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
|-
| Super League
|-
| Greek Cup
|-
! Total
Quique Hernández
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align: center"
|-
!rowspan=2|Competition
!colspan=8|Record
|-
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
!
|-
| Super League
|-
| Greek Cup
|-
! Total
Super League
League table
Results summary
Matches
Greek Football Cup
Fourth Round
Squad statistics
Appearances
Players with no appearances not included in the list.
Goals
References
rsssf.com – Greece 2006/07
slgr.gr – Team squad for the 2006–07 season
slgr.gr – Players statistics for the 2006–07 season
External links
Greek football clubs 2006–07 season
2006-07
Kenya Electricity Generating Company PLC abbreviated to KenGen, is a government enterprise in the Republic of Kenya charged with the production of electricity for the country. KenGen is the largest electric power producer in Kenya, generating over 60% of the electricity consumed in the country.
Overview
KenGen relies on various sources to generate electricity, ranging from hydropower, geothermal, thermal and wind, with hydropower being the leading source of electricity.
The company owns 30 hydropower plants with a combined capacity of 825.69 MW, four thermal power plants generating 256 MW, seven geothermal power plants with a generating capacity of 713.13 MW and one Wind power plant at Ngong producing 26 MW, for a combined generating capacity of 1,817.82 MW.
Presently KenGen operates five major geothermal power plants with 12 installed units, namely: Olkaria I, Olkaria II, Olkaria I unit 4 and 5, Olkaria IV, Olkaria V. 16 wellhead plants with 21 installed units.
The Olkaria geothermal power stations are located in Nakuru County within the Hell's Gate National Park bordering Lake Naivasha within the Great Rift Valley.
History
The company was founded on 1 February 1954 as the Kenya Power Company (KPC) and was commissioned to construct the transmission line between Nairobi and Tororo in Uganda. This was to transmit power generated at the Owen Falls Dam to Kenya. KPC was also tasked to develop electricity generating facilities in the country.
KPC was managed by the Kenya Power and Lighting Company under a management contract. In January 1997, the management of KPC was formally separated from Kenya Power as a direct result of reforms being undertaken in the energy sector and the entire economy. Subsequently, on 19 January 1998 the company changed its name from Kenya Power Company to Kenya Electricity Generating Company. The trading name KenGen PLC was also adopted at this point.
In 2006, KenGen was listed on the Nairobi Securities Exchange after the Government of Kenya sold 30 percent of its stake in the company through a successful initial public offering that received over 280,000 applications.
Ownership
KenGen currently has 6,594,522,339 shares. The stock of Kenya Electricity Generating Company is listed on the NSE, where it trades under the symbol: KEGN
List of power stations and installed capacity
See also List of power stations in Kenya
Current capacity
The current capacity of KenGen's power stations are;
Hydroelectric
Gitaru Hydro Power Plant – 225 MW
Gogo Hydro Power Plant – 2 MW, on the Gucha River
Kamburu Hydro Power Plant – 93
Kiambere Hydro Power Plant – 169 MW
Kindaruma Hydroelectric Power Station – 72 MW
Masinga Hydroelectric Power Station – 40 MW
Mesco Hydro Power Plant – 0.43 MW
Sagana Hydro Power Plant – 1.5 MW
Sondu Miriu Hydroelectric Power Station – 60 MW
Sosiani Hydro Power Plant – 0.4 MW
Tana Hydroelectric Power Station – 20 MW
Turkwel Hydro Power Plant – 106 MW
Wanjii Hydroelectric Power Station – 7.4 MW
Geothermal
Olkaria I Geothermal Power Plant - 45 MW
Olkaria II Geothermal Power Plant - 105 MW
Olkaria I AU Geothermal Power Station - 105 MW
Olkaria V Geothermal Plant- 172MW
Eburru Geothermal Power Plant – 2.4 MW
Wellhead Geothermal Power Plant (Olkaria)- 5.0 MW
Wellhead Generation – 70 MW (Well head 1, 20 MW, Well head 2, 20 MW, Well head 3, 30 MW)
Thermal
Kipevu I Diesel – 60 MW
Kipevu III Diesel – 115 MW
Muhoroni Gas Turbine - 55 MW
Wind
Ngong Hills Wind Power Station: Phase I – 5.1 MW
Ngong Hills Wind Power Station: Phase II – 20.4 MW
Future projects
KenGen plans to increase it installed capacity to 721 megawatts by 2025.
Geothermal
Olkaria I Unit 6 – 70 MW – Completion Year: 2022
Eburru Project – 25 MW – Completion Year: 2016
Olkaria VI – 140 MW – Completion Year: 2016/17
Olkaria VII – 140 MW – Completion Year: 2018
Olkaria VIII – 140 MW – Completion Year: 2018
Wind
Wind Power Station: Phase II – 300 MW – Completion Year: 2020
Lists
List of countries by electricity exports
List of countries by electricity imports
List of countries by electricity production
References
External links
Electric power companies of Kenya
Government-owned companies of Kenya
Energy companies established in 1954
Renewable resource companies established in 1954
1954 establishments in Kenya
Companies listed on the Nairobi Securities Exchange
Henry Brimm (January 1, 1922 – February 21, 1994) was an American boxer. Born in Santurse, Puerto Rico, his family relocated to Buffalo, New York when Brimm was 5 years old., Brimm finished his career with a 26–17–4 record. The highlight of Brimm's career occurred in 1949 when he managed a draw against Hall of Famer Sugar Ray Robinson—Robinson finished his career 173–19–2, and was 90–1–1 when he fought Brimm.
References
External links
1922 births
1994 deaths
American male boxers
Cryptocranium cazieri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Lane in 1958. It is known from Peru and Brazil.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1958
The Jacksonville City Council is the legislative governing body of the city of Jacksonville, Florida. The council meets in its chambers at Jacksonville City Hall, 117 W. Duval St. Under Florida's government transparency laws, all official council business must be conducted in meetings open to the public.
Composition
The Jacksonville City Council is composed of nineteen members who are elected for a four-year term and serve as part-time legislators. In May of each year, the Council elects a President and Vice President to serve one-year terms beginning the first of July.
The nineteen members are not all elected in the same manner; some are elected from districts, and others are elected at large. However, once elected, there is no distinction between council members elected at-large and from regular districts. Both have equal rights and responsibilities.
Regular districts
The city is divided into 14 districts; each of these districts elects a single council member who resides in the district. Like virtually all legislative districts at all levels in the United States, these districts are redrawn every ten years following the decennial census.
At-large groups
In the early 1990s, voters approved an unusual residency requirement for "at-large" members. The county was divided into five special districts unrelated to any other districts, solely for the purpose of providing better representation for all geographical areas of Jacksonville. This was done because a trend had developed in which all five "at large" councilmembers actually resided in one small area of town. So under the current structure, at-large council members must reside in the special district for which they are running, but are elected by the voters of the county as a whole.
One at-large seat was vacated in 2007 because of a violation of this residency requirement; "Jay" Jabour was elected as the at-large councilman from the 2nd special district, but evidence later arose indicating that he actually lived in the 3rd special district. A judge subsequently invalidated the election, and the seat became vacant. Currently, one of the at-large seats is vacant following the death of Tommy Hazouri, pending the results of a runoff between Democrat Tracye Polson and Republican Nick Howland on February 22, 2022.
Party affiliation
Currently the council has six Democrats and thirteen Republicans serving.
Committees
The Council President assigns members to committees and to act as council liaisons.
There are six standing committees:
Finance
Land Use & Zoning
Public Health & Safety
Rules
Transportation, Energy & Utilities
Neighborhoods, Community Investments & Services Committee
There is one special committee:
Personnel Committee
There are three council boards & commissions:
Duval County Tourist Development Council
Jacksonville Waterways Commission
Value Adjustment Board
Awards and criticism
The Charles D. Webb Award is given annually by outgoing council President for the most effective councilman, i.e. most helpful to the council and constituents. After the 1988 death of Claude Yates, known as the father of Jacksonville's consolidation, the Jacksonville City Council created the Claude J. Yates Outstanding Councilman of the Year Award, which is bestowed annually to an exemplary council member. The council created the John E. Goode Award for best council debater in 1997. The Mary L. Singleton Award is given to the member with the most difficult committee assignment during the year.
In late 2007, a Grand Jury announced that it would probe alleged Sunshine Law violations by the Jacksonville City Council. While the Grand Jury found numerous instances of violation of the law, they decided against issuing any indictments when they issued their final report in January 2008.
In January 2010, District 13 Council member John Meserve was suspended by Florida Governor Charlie Crist after being charged with conducting real estate transactions without a license.
Art Graham, who resigned the seat in 2009 to unsuccessfully run for state senate, was appointed by the governor on February 12, 2010 to replace John Meserve, who is fighting a felony charge. In May 2018, two Council members, Reggie Brown and Katrina Brown, were indicted by a federal grand jury on conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud.
City Council members
References
External links
City of Jacksonville Council Homepage
Government of Jacksonville, Florida
Florida city councils
Government in the Jacksonville metropolitan area
Roger Stuart Berlind (June 27, 1930December 18, 2020) was a New York City theatrical producer and board member of Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc. and Lehman Brothers Inc. He was one of the founders of Carter, Berlind, Potoma & Weill in 1960, a company that would later through Sandy Weill become Shearson Loeb Rhoades, which was eventually sold to American Express in 1981 for approximately $930 million in stock.
Early life
Berlind was born to a Jewish family in New York City, to Mae (née Miller) and Peter Sydney Berlind, a hospital administrator. He attended Princeton University and received his bachelor's degree in English in 1954 after completing an 82-page long senior thesis titled "The Quest of the Ideal in the Plays of Yeats and Synge". Berlind was a member of the Princeton Tower Club. The crash of Eastern Air Lines Flight 66 on June 24, 1975 killed his wife, Helen Polk Clark, and three of his four children.
Theatrical career
His theatrical producing career began in 1976. Since then, he has produced or co-produced more than forty plays and musicals on Broadway and many off-Broadway and regional theatre productions as well. Berlind has won 25 Tony Awards, more than any other individual. His Broadway productions have won numerous Tony Awards. Among them are Amadeus, Nine, Long Day's Journey Into Night, Ain't Misbehavin', Guys and Dolls, Hamlet, Passion, A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum, Copenhagen, Kiss Me, Kate, Proof, the Pulitzer Prize-winning Anna in the Tropics, the 2004 revival of Wonderful Town, Curtains, and Deuce.
In 2003, the 360-seat Roger S. Berlind Theatre opened in the McCarter Theatre Center at Princeton University. Princeton's Roger S. Berlind Professorship in the Humanities, previously held by Joyce Carol Oates, is currently held by Tracy K. Smith. In 2009, he was inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame.
See also
Cogan, Berlind, Weill & Levitt
Theatre
New York City
References
External links
Testimony of Roger S. Berlind on behalf of the League of American Theatres and Producers, Inc.
Person Tearsheet
Washingtonpost.com: The Ethics Squeeze
1930 births
2020 deaths
Princeton University alumni
American entertainment industry businesspeople
American theatre managers and producers
American Jews
Lehman Brothers people
Top-seeded pair Kathy Horvath and Virginia Ruzici claimed the title by defeating Gigi Fernández and Beth Herr in the final.
Seeds
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
U.S. Clay Court Championships
1983 U.S. Clay Court Championships
Dankwart Guratzsch (born 14 June 1939) is a German journalist. He has made a name for himself above all as an architecture critic.
Life
Guratzsch was born in Dresden in 1939, the son of the writer and teacher Curt Guratzsch (1891-1965). In 1957, he left his native city for West Germany. After studying history and German studies in Marburg, Munich and Hamburg, he was awarded a doctorate in 1970 at the Faculty of Philosophy of the University of Hamburg with Macht durch Organisation. Die Grundlegung des Hugenbergschen Presseimperiums, a dissertation about Alfred Hugenberg. In 1957, he left his native city and went to West Germany.
Guratzsch began in the mid-1970s as a feature editor at the daily newspaper Die Welt, where he specialised in architecture as well as urban planning and urban design. Even before this was taken up in other media, Guratzsch advocated a cautious approach to architectural heritage and urban planning that was oriented towards the traditions of the respective place. He was particularly displeased with the urban planning developments in the German Democratic Republic. In critical articles he reported on the demolition of quarters there, rejecting commuter towns, housing estates and Plattenbau quarters as "red urbanism". He always advocated private home ownership as well as the preservation and sustainable maintenance of old building quarters - especially those of historism from the Gründerzeit - in West and East. The Ministry of State Security of the GDR observed Guratzsch suspiciously, his compromises 200 pages.
Guratzsch remained particularly attached to his hometown of Dresden, whose air raids on Dresden had sharpened his view of architecture and urban planning throughout his life. After the fall of the Berlin wall, he became involved in numerous reports and reportages as well as in various committees for a history-oriented reconstruction of the city, especially of the Frauenkirche as its centrepiece. Guratzsch is co-owner of properties in the end member of the association Sachsen e. V. He also intensively accompanied journalistically the so-called and the associated Waldschlösschen Bridge construction project. He welcomed the reconstruction of the Berlin Palace.
Guratzsch suggested the establishment of a "bomb war museum" in Dresden. He proposes the large in Dresden-Reick as the location. For him, Bombing of Dresden stands symbolically for the horrors of the Bombing War like no other city in Europe.
During the 1980s, in the course of the debate on the so-called Forest dieback, he also dealt journalistically with the phenomenon of new forest damage and published the book Baumlos in die Zukunft? (1984), which brought together expert contributions from twelve experts - among them several forest scientists.
Guratzsch received several awards for his publications in the field of Cultural heritage management and as an architecture critic. The awarded him the German Prize for Monument Protection twice: the Journalist Prize in 1976 and the "Silver Hemisphere" in 1980. Guratzsch is on the board of trustees of the Deutsche Stiftung Denkmalschutz.
The journalist is one of the critics of the German orthography reform of 1996.
Guratzsch lives and works mainly in Frankfurt.
Publications
Macht durch Organisation. Die Grundlegung des Hugenbergschen Presseimperiums. Dissertationsschrift, Hamburg 1970 (im Druck als Band 7 der Reihe Studien zur modernen Geschichte, Bertelsmann-Universitätsverlag, Gütersloh 1974, ).
as publisher: Baumlos in die Zukunft? Kindler, Munich 1984, .
as publisher: Das neue Berlin. Konzepte der Internationalen Bauausstellung 1987 für einen Städtebau mit Zukunft. Mann, Berlin 1987, .
Wieviel ist Braunschweig seine Mitte wert? Die Stadt, das Schloß und das Center. (Braunschweiger Museumsvorträge, vol. 5). Braunschweigisches Landesmuseum, Braunschweig 2003, .
Awards
1976: Deutscher Preis für Denkmalschutz – Journalistenpreis – of the
1980: Deutscher Preis für Denkmalschutz – Silberne Halbkugel – of the Deutschen Nationalkomitees für Denkmalschutz
1986: Literaturpreis of the .
Quote
Only the city of short distances, the city of density, diversity and livability is capable of survival.
References
Further reading
Rainer Haubrich: Die Geschichte, die Stadt, das Haus – Dankwart Guratzsch wird 65. In Die Welt, 14 June 2004.
Rainer Haubrich: Dieser Mann ist die Stimme der schönen Stadt - Eine Würdigung zu Dankwart Guratzschs 75. Geburtstag. In Die Welt, 14 June 2014.
External links
Articles by Dankwart Guratzsch
Rainer Haubrich: Dieser Mann ist die Stimme der schönen Stadt. In Welt.de, 14 June 2014
20th-century German journalists
German architecture critics
German non-fiction writers
1939 births
Living people
People from Dresden
University of Hamburg alumni
Ravn Rock () is a submerged rock lying in the center of Neptunes Bellows, the entrance to Port Foster, Deception Island, in the South Shetland Islands. Charted by the French Antarctic Expedition under Charcot, 1908–10. Named for the whale catcher Ravn, based at Deception Island at that time.
Rock formations of the South Shetland Islands
Geography of Deception Island
Luxo Jr. is a semi-anthropomorphic toy desk lamp character used as the primary mascot of Pixar Animation Studios. He is the protagonist of the short film of the same name and appears on the production logo of every Pixar film, hopping into view and jumping on the capital letter "I" in "PIXAR" to flatten it. John Lasseter created the character, modeling it after his own Luxo brand lamp. In 2009, the manufacturer of Luxo lamps sued Disney, the parent company of Pixar, for selling Luxo Jr.-branded merchandise.
Creation
John Lasseter used a Luxo lamp on his drawing table as a graphic rendering model. Lasseter experimented with the model, using it for motion studies. He demonstrated the animated Luxo model at an animation festival in Brussels. Lasseter did not plan on creating a story for the lamp, but the Belgian animator Raoul Servais urged him to write a plot. Servais said that "No matter how short it is, it should have a beginning, a middle, and an end. Don't forget the story." Servais persuaded Lasseter that the length of the animation would not impede the story, telling him "You can tell a story in ten seconds."
The inspiration for the Luxo Jr. character came from Lasseter's interactions with Spencer, the young son of Tom Porter, a Pixar team member. Lasseter wondered if the body proportions of a child could be applied to a lamp. Lasseter said that "Spencer was about one and a half, and seeing him hold his arms up over his head made me laugh because he couldn't really touch the top of his head yet. After he left, I started thinking, what would a baby lamp look like?" He changed the proportions of the lamp model to make it more infant-like, giving a large head and a small body. Lasseter did not modify the size of the light bulb. He imagined that the store-bought bulb was separate from the "body" of the lamp and did not age.
Films
Luxo Jr.
Lasseter followed Servais' advice and conceived the plot for a short film starring Luxo Jr. as the protagonist. Luxo Jr. would have two characters, Luxo Jr. and a bigger lamp named Luxo Sr. Luxo Jr. plays with a small ball, but jumping on the ball causes it to deflate. Saddened by the loss of the toy, Luxo Jr. hops off-screen. Luxo Jr. finds a beach ball and reappears chasing after it, while the parent lamp shakes its head.
Luxo Jr. demonstrated advances in the technology of self-shadowing. Lasseter said that "The animation of a lamp whose head is a light-source, moving around and self-shadowing the world around him, was a perfect matching of technology and subject matter." Luxo Jr. made its debut at the 1986 SIGGRAPH show in Dallas, Texas. The film received critical acclaim for its photorealistic style and emotional impact.
Sesame Street shorts
Luxo Jr. is also present in four educational short films, which were created by Pixar especially for Sesame Street in 1991: Light & Heavy, Surprise, Up and Down and Front and Back.
Light & Heavy: Luxo Jr. demonstrates both light and heavy by using a beach ball to demonstrate light and later a bowling ball to demonstrate heavy.
Surprise: Luxo Sr. examines a box in which Luxo Jr. pops out, demonstrating surprise.
Up and Down: Luxo Jr. demonstrates up and down by jumping on and off of a cardboard box until he falls through.
Front and Back: Luxo, Jr. demonstrates front and back by showing his front and back until he gets exhausted and falls over.
Toy Story series
In the Toy Story franchise, a red Luxo lamp appears on Andy's desk and in Toy Story 3 as a pink Luxo Jr.
Animatronic
A animatronic figure modeled after Luxo Jr. stood near the Toy Story Midway Mania attraction at the Disney's Hollywood Studios theme park. The animatronic often danced to music on a ledge near the entrance. In 2010 Disney removed the animatronic without offering an official explanation, but the Luxo ASA lawsuit may have been a factor.
At Disney California Adventure, there is an animatronic of Luxo Jr. on top of the Pixar Pier marquee.
Lawsuit
Luxo ASA, the Norwegian company that manufactures Luxo lamps, sued Pixar and its parent company Disney in 2009 by claiming that Disney violated its trademarks by selling promotional lamps branded as the Luxo Jr. character. Disney had planned on bundling the Luxo Jr. lamp with the collector's edition of the Up Blu-ray release. Luxo ASA claimed that the Luxo Jr. merchandise would "cause devastating damage to Luxo and dilute the goodwill which Luxo has built up." Disney settled with Luxo ASA and agreed not to sell Luxo Jr. lamps while Luxo ASA did not object to "artistic renditions" of the lamp and allowed Pixar to keep using Luxo Jr. as a character.
References
Pixar characters
Fictional computers
Corporate mascots
1980s toys
Male characters in animation
Male characters in advertising
Mascots introduced in 1986
Film studio mascots
Sir Peter Tremayne Miles (26 June 1924 – 15 October 2013) was a British Army officer, businessman and courtier in the Household of Elizabeth II.
Miles was born in Long Ashton, Somerset, the son of Lt-Col Edward Miles MC and Mary Gibbs and a descendant of Philip John Miles. He was educated at Eton College before going to the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, from where he commissioned into the Royal Dragoons on 25 June 1944. He saw active service with the Royal Armoured Corps in the Second World War.
Between 1959 and 1980, Miles worked as the director of Gerrard and Reid Ltd. He subsequently joined the Royal Household, serving as Keeper of the Privy Purse, Treasurer to Elizabeth II and Receiver-General of the Duchy of Lancaster between 1981 and 1987. He was also Secretary of the Royal Victorian Order during the same period. He was appointed Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order in the 1986 New Year Honours. He was appointed an Extra Equerry to the Queen in 1988.
He married Philippa Helen Tremlett, daughter of Edmund Bernard Marcellin Tremlett, on 25 July 1956. Together they had three children.
References
1924 births
2013 deaths
1st The Royal Dragoons officers
British Army personnel of World War II
Equerries
Graduates of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst
Knights Commander of the Royal Victorian Order
Members of the British Royal Household
People educated at Eton College
Royal Armoured Corps officers
Swapnam Kondu Thulabharam is a 2003 Indian Malayalam-language comedy film. It stars Suresh Gopi and Kunchacko Boban. It was released in 27 June 2003.
Plot
Madhavan Thampi and Prabhavati are presented as middle-aged, well-off parents of two sons. One son, Vishnu is athletic, studious, and the elder son. He recently joined a college as a lecturer after topping his exams. He manages several of his family's businesses and is often said to have the hands of Midas. The other son, Aniyankuttan, meanwhile, is 10 years younger and is the lead in the drama Cleopatra in his college. The girl playing Cleopatra - Kalyani - is in love with Aniyankuttan, although her love is unrequited.
Ammu is the drama queen and eye candy to the boys, although she has been crushing on Vishnu. Sivankutti is Vishnu's uncle and runs a match-making service, in search of a maiden for Vishnu. Ammu is advised by her roommates to befriend Aniyankuttan, to gain the trust and love of his family members, before she could propose to Vishnu. But Aniyankuttan mistakes her interest in him for romantic advances and tells his brother about his secret lover from college. Vishnu talks to his college mates only to mistake the lover for Kalyani. Vishnu gives his word to Kalyani, to support her love for Aniyankuttan, who was jealous of Ammu's intimacy with him. Ammu and Kalyani become friends after they confide in each other. Aniyankuttan is belittled and laughed at after their family's timber mill burns down. His horoscope is said to be cursed. A heavy-hearted Aniyankuttan goes to drink away his grief.
Vishnu and his mother convince Madhavan to buy a new bike for Aniyankuttan. He is delighted to have a bike and forces Ammu to ride it with him through the college verandah, much to her and Kalyani's discomfort. That night Aniyankuttan notices a new car bought for Vishnu, whilst his pleas for a car go unfulfilled. This enrages him, and is worsened when his mother serves Vishnu payasam in a crystal glass, while Aniyankuttan gets a common cup. He doesn't drink it and instead goes to the hostel. There his friends make fun of him and question his parentage. Later Aniyankuttan asks his mother if he was their son. Madhavan the next day goes to meet someone. Aniyankuttan follows him and sees an old man in a mental hospital who asks how is his son. Aniyankuttan thinks he is the old man's son and in desperation tries to kill Vishnu by placing drops of oil on the stairs. However, his mother slips on the oil, falls, and is taken to hospital, where Aniyankuttan tries to poison Vishnu but again fails. Vishnu feels suspicious of Aniyankuttan and pulls him aside to a quiet place where Aniyankuttan gets angry and tells Vishnu that he is not his brother and runs away to hide his grief. Vishnu then returns home and asks his father who is the old man he used to visit. Madhavan tells him that he is Aniyankuttan's father and was his best friend who helped him build his wealth.
Back at the hostel, Aniyankuttan again plans how to get rid of Vishnu. His friends suggest they will kill Vishnu by placing a bomb in Vishnu's car. Aniyankuttan returns home and tells his mother that Vishnu is about to be killed. To his amazement, Prabhavati confesses that Vishnu is not her son, but that he, Aniyankuttan, is. As punishment for planning to murder Vishnu, Aniyankuttan is thrown out of his home. Ridden with guilt Aniyankuttan goes in search of Vishnu and witnesses the car exploding in a ball of fire and cries in despair for the loss of his brother and once best friend. Meanwhile, Vishnu was saved from certain death. Aniyankuttan, discovering Vishnu is still alive runs and hugs Vishnu. Vishnu says that it doesn't matter who Aniyankuttan is born to. Aniyankuttan is about to tell Vishnu that Vishnu was born to other parents, but is stopped by his mother.
Finally, all the conflicts are resolved with Vishnu marrying Ammu and Aniyankuttan marrying Kalyani.
Cast
Suresh Gopi as Vishnu
Kunchacko Boban as Aniyankuttan
Shrutika as Ammu
Nandana as Kalyani
Janardhanan as Madhavan Thampi, Aniyankuttan's father
Srividya as Prabhavathi, Aniyankuttan's mother
Jagathi Sreekumar as Sivan Kutti
Bindu Panicker as Hostel Matron
Mithun Ramesh as Aniyankuttan's friend
Kalamandalam Kesavan as Vishnu's real father
Dhanya Mary Varghese as Dancer
Soundtrack
The film's soundtrack contains 8 songs, all composed by Ouseppachan and Sanjeev Lal. Lyrics were by S. Ramesan Nair and Gireesh Puthenchery.
References
2003 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by Ouseppachan
Films directed by Rajasenan
The 2000 UK & Ireland Greyhound Racing Year was the 74th year of greyhound racing in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Roll of honour
Summary
The National Greyhound Racing Club (NGRC) released the annual returns, with totalisator turnover at £86,014,070 and attendances recorded at 3,697,939 from 6643 meetings.
Palace Issue trained by Linda Mullins was voted Greyhound of the Year after winning the St Leger at Wimbledon Stadium, defending his Grand Prix title at Walthamstow, winning a third successive Hunt Cup and second WJ & JE Cearns Invitation. Mullins also won the Greyhound Trainer of the Year for the fifth successive year and then announced her retirement, the kennels and licence was switched to one of her sons John.
El Tenor owned by Mario Lanfranchi and trained by Mullins brought up the magical 100 open race wins to write his name in the history books as one of the greatest hurdlers. Rising star Rapid Ranger was third in the Scottish Greyhound Derby behind Knockeevan Star and then went on to win the 2000 English Greyhound Derby.
Tracks
Irish tracks were subject to changes. The Dundalk Ramparts Greyhound Stadium closed on 20 November in order for the major rebuild to take place. Curraheen Park opened on 8 April as a replacement for the previous track the Cork (Western Road) Greyhound Stadium, the sale of the old track enabled the Irish Greyhound Board to fund a new stadium with modern facilities. The Kingdom Greyhound Stadium in Tralee also underwent a major refit as the stadium was redesigned for the new Millennium.
Swaffham ceased to race after the promoter Tom Smith and the holder of the lease Vince Moody had a disagreement, the track had raced for 13 years and was turned into a schooling facility. Tom Smith and son Gavin Smith would leave a lasting legacy however as they were responsible for producing the 'Swaffham hare'. During a ten-year period they had produced a hare system that would replace just about every other hare system; the McGee, outside Sumner, inside Sumner and Bramich would all but disappear.
News
The Supertrack competition inaugurated in 1994 is officially ended by the British Greyhound Racing Board. Harlow lost three trainers in quick succession; Jean Carter moved to Crayford, Wayne Wilson to Catford and Kay Wyatt to Sittingbourne. Wyatt would soon give up training and Maxine Locke would take over the kennels and contract at Sittingbourne. Hazel Dickson retired leaving Wimbledon for other interests outside of greyhound racing; she had never recovered from the day that Wembley closed.
Nick Savva won the trainers championship and trained 93 British Bred winners in one year, only Trevor Cobbold in 1994 had produced a more. Catford Racing Manager Phil Donaldson left for a career in journalism with the Racing Post with his assistant Derek Hope taking over. Crayford also lost their Racing Manager after Paul Lawrence left to be replaced by deputy Harry Bull with Danny Rayment promoted to deputy.
Competitions
Catford hosted their last Cesarewitch before it switched to Oxford.
Principal UK races
Principal Irish finals
Totalisator returns
The totalisator returns declared to the National Greyhound Racing Club for the year 2000 are listed below. Although the tracks are listed in the order of largest to the smallest turnover the actual figures were not released (with the exception of Wimbledon).
References
Greyhound racing in the United Kingdom
Greyhound racing in the Republic of Ireland
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
Maud Nathan (October 20, 1862 – December 15, 1946) was an American social worker, labor activist and suffragist for women's right to vote.
Early life
She was born on October 20, 1862, to a New York City Sephardic Jewish family. Her mother was Annie Augusta and her father was Robert Weeks Nathan. She came from a prominent New York City family, descended from Gershom Mendes Seixas, minister of New York's Congregation Sherith Israel during the American Revolutionary War. Nathan was a member of the Daughters of the American Revolution.
Her sister was the author and education activist Annie Nathan Meyer, the founder of Barnard College. Her cousins are the poet Emma Lazarus and Supreme Court Justice Benjamin Cardozo. Her nephew was the author and poet Robert Nathan. She and her family moved to Green Bay, Wisconsin, for four years. Maud finished her high school education there. The family moved back to New York City after the death of Maud's mother in 1878.
On April 7, 1880, seventeen-year-old Maud Nathan married her first cousin Frederick Nathan.
Career
As a young married woman, Nathan became involved in charity work. She was named director at both the Mount Sinai Hospital and the Hebrew Free School. Along with Josephine Shaw Lowell, Nathan was a founding member of the New York Consumer's League. The group supported an eight-hour workday for women and children and supported the Working Women's Society in publicizing shops which treated workers fairly.
The death of her daughter, Annette Florance Nathan, at the age of 8 in 1895 brought out a change in Nathan. Josephine Shaw Lowell, founder of the New York Consumers League suggested that Nathan work up an interest in the issues of working women in New York City, as a way to get over the loss of her child. This was the initial start of Nathan's career in helping women.
In 1897, Nathan became president of the New York Consumer's League. When the National Consumer's League was created in 1898, Nathan become a member of its executive committee. In 1901, the Consumer League of Rhode Island was organized after Maud Nathan gave a speech in the state.
Lobbying Albany on consumer issues made Nathan realize how little legislators cared about the opinions of vote-less women and so Nathan became more involved in suffrage activities. In 1908, Nathan published a pamphlet entitled The Wage Earner and the Ballot which pointed out that in suffrage states the age of consent was higher, the illiteracy rate was lower, women were paid more for civil service jobs, and there were stronger child labor laws.
See also
Progressivism
Notes
External links
Maud Nathan Papers.Schlesinger Library, Radcliffe Institute, Harvard University.
1862 births
1946 deaths
American pacifists
American social workers
American suffragists
American community activists
Community building
19th-century Sephardi Jews
20th-century Sephardi Jews
American people of Portuguese-Jewish descent
Jewish feminists
American Sephardic Jews
Education activists
Activists from New York City
Jewish suffragists
Lyman Law (August 19, 1770 – February 3, 1842), son of Richard Law and father of John Law, was a United States representative from Connecticut. He was born New London, Connecticut. He pursued classical studies and was graduated from Yale College in 1791. He studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1793 and commenced practice in New London.
Law was a member of the Connecticut State House of Representatives in 1801, 1802, 1806, 1809, 1810, 1819, and 1826, and served as speaker in 1806, 1809, and 1810. He was elected as a Federalist to the Twelfth, Thirteenth, and Fourteenth Congresses (March 4, 1811 – March 3, 1817). Law was the sixth Grand Master of the Masonic Grand Lodge of Connecticut, serving from 1821 to 1822.
He died in New London on February 3, 1842, and was originally buried in the "Second Burial Ground" and was reburied in Cedar Grove Cemetery in 1851.
His son John Law served as United States Representative from Indiana. His son William Henry Law was a member of the Connecticut General Assembly.
References
1770 births
1842 deaths
Politicians from New London, Connecticut
Speakers of the Connecticut House of Representatives
Yale College alumni
Federalist Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Connecticut
American Freemasons
Chasmoptera mathewsi is an insect in the spoonwing family (Nemopteridae). found in Western Australia.
It was first described in 1967 by Lucien Everard Koch and known only the holotype, a male specimen from Peron Peninsula, Shark Bay, WA.
The adults are diurnal flying insects, and the larvae are predatory.
References
External links
Chasmoptera mathewsi: images & occurrence data from Atlas of Living Australia
Insects of Australia
Nemopteridae
Insects described in 1967
Athletique Club Capaco Beni, is a Congolese football club based in Beni, North Kivu province and currently playing in the Linafoot Ligue 2, the second level of the Congolese football.
The club was founded in 1974.
Honours
Nord-Kivu Provincial League (LIFNOKI)
Winners (1): 2003, 2017–18
References
External links
Club profile - Soccerway.com
Club logo
Football clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Tobias Siegert is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Germany.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1991 births
Living people
German motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Sportspeople from Nuremberg
Vincent Islands () is a small group of islands at the head of King Haakon Bay on the south side of South Georgia. Roughly charted by the British expedition under Shackleton, 1914–16, and surveyed by the SGS in the period 1951–57. Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) for J. Vincent, boatswain of the Endurance, 1914–16, who accompanied Shackleton in the James Caird from Elephant Island to King Haakon Bay.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of South Georgia
Security Bureau may refer to:
Security Bureau (Hong Kong)
National Police Agency Security Bureau (Japan), a branch of the National Police Agency
See also
Intelligence Bureau (disambiguation)
C-Squat is a former squat house located at 155 Avenue C (between 9th and 10th Streets) in the Alphabet City neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City that has been home to musicians, artists and activists, among others. After a fire, it was taken into city ownership in 1978 and squatters moved in during 1989. The building was restored in 2002 and since then it has been legally owned by the occupants. Its ground-floor storefront now houses the Museum of Reclaimed Urban Space.
History
Founding
Constructed in 1872, this pre-Old Law Tenement housed a pickle shop, cigar factory, cabinetmaker's workshop, saloon, bookbinder, tailor, and Republican meeting hall. The building was ravaged by a fire and New York City assumed possession in 1978. Some tenants, mainly Latino and black people, stayed on as squatters, running an illegal after-hours club. Six years later, they were evicted. The building then stood empty until 1989 until the current squatters arrived. It has remained occupied.
Journalist and author Robert Neuwirth described the situation that gave birth to many of New York's squats, including C-Squat, in the late 1970s through 1980s, "In the 1970s, scores of landlords walked away from old tenement buildings. Many buildings slid into vacancy and rot. By the 1980s, squatters took over many of the structures in fringe areas such as Alphabet City (Avenues A to D) in the Lower East Side and in certain areas of the Bronx and Brooklyn. They had to fight to stay. The city dispossessed hundreds of squatters, sometimes mounting massive paramilitary attacks on their buildings. In the end, 12 squatter buildings survived, and they outlasted official resistance."
After extensive negotiations beginning under Giuliani's administration, New York City granted provisional ownership of C-Squat and 11 other Lower East Side squats to the Urban Homesteading Assistance Board (UHAB) in 2002. The not-for-profit oversaw the squat's renovation and conversion into resident-owned cooperative housing. One squat's residents elected not to participate in the UHAB-managed legalization process and are suing for ownership under adverse possession.
Working in partnership with the squatters, the National Co-op Bank (NCB), and the New York City Department of Housing Preservation and Development (HPD), UHAB secured loans to help repair the remaining eleven Lower East Side squats, bringing them up to building and fire code, and forming HDFCs – a kind of co-op housing, which transfers ownership to the building's occupants. Having completed this process, C-Squat is no longer a "squat," but rather a legally occupied building, purchased by the former squatters in a deal brokered with the city council by the Urban Homesteading Assistance Board in 2002 for one dollar.
Entertainment
For many years, the building had a half-pipe built from reclaimed materials for skaters in the basement and used to regularly host punk rock shows.
Members of the bands Crash Worship, Missing Foundation, Leftöver Crack, Morning Glory, and Star Fucking Hipsters live there. In the past, it has been home to members of the bands INDK, Choking Victim, No Commercial Value, Old Skull, Eden and John's East River String Band, The World/Inferno Friendship Society, Aus-Rotten, and Nausea, among many others.
The building has also hosted a number of artists and activists throughout its history, as Neuwirth discovered when he wrote his article, Squatter's Rites for City Limits Magazine, "To climb the steps in C Squat is to walk up a living graffiti artwork. The halls resemble subway cars a few decades ago. But instead of monikers, these tags are battle cries for revolution, outlaw logos, complaints and humorous takes on official slogans..."
Restoration
When it was first squatted, the building was falling apart and central joists had to be replaced. These were sourced second-hand and as cheaply as possible. All repairs on the gutted structure were performed by the squatters themselves, transforming the space as they worked on it. The DIY rehabilitation of the building was no small task, as Neuwirth noted in his article, "At C Squat, the beams were so rotted that the building had sunk almost a foot in the center. The squatters replaced the joists one by one. They got their replacement beams from workers at a nearby gut rehab. The workers saved the old but still usable joists they were removing and passed them on to the squatters."
Under the terms of the homesteading agreement made in 2002, the Urban Homesteading Assistance Board secured a loan through the National Co-op Bank to help pay for essential renovations (bringing the building up to city code regulations for legal occupancy), which the squatters performed themselves, as much as possible, to reduce costs. When construction work was complete, the residents assumed ownership of the building as a limited equity housing cooperative.
Museum of Reclaimed Urban Space
The Museum of Reclaimed Urban Space (MoRUS) is a living archive of the Lower East Side's squats and gardens, located in the ground-floor storefront of C Squat at 155 Avenue C. It runs neighborhood tours highlighting the efforts of local residents and organizations to clean up vacant lots and fix up abandoned buildings for community use, also promotes scholarship of grassroots urban space activism by researching and archiving efforts to create community spaces. The exhibitions feature materials that document these actions in order to educate people on the political implications of reclaimed space.
East Village community activists began planning the museum in May 2011 and opened it with public tours in October 2012.
The museum's storefront displays materials such as photographs, posters, zines, underground newspapers, comics, banners and buttons that show how local residents cleaned up vacant lots and buildings in the area and made them organizing spaces for the community. The museum offers three public walking tours that lead participants to the East Village's most legendary community gardens, squats and sites of social change and explain their complex and often controversial histories. Tour guides are generally longtime activists, squatters, gardeners, academics, and journalists who were directly involved in some aspect of the neighborhood that is relevant to the museum.
Shortly after its opening, The New York Times ran an online feature, proclaiming, "MoRUS Squats on Avenue C" – though the museum is not technically affiliated with C Squat (nor are they squatters there), but rather an independently operated space. As another Times article from the period noted, the process of legalization brought many new questions to the fore for the squatters, including how to strike a balance between the building's collective needs and those of the larger community. "Ultimately, a majority decided that the [museum] project made sense... [as] a tenant that promised to reflect the philosophy that was an important part of the building and the East Village itself."
See also
Loisaida, nearby
Lower East Side, nearby
Umbrella House
Bullet Space
Serenity House (Squat)
Dos Blockos
ABC No Rio
References
Notes
Further reading
External links
Museum of Reclaimed Urban Space
Museums in Manhattan
DIY culture
Legalized squats
Squats in the United States
Community gardening
Condominiums and housing cooperatives in Manhattan
Alphabet City, Manhattan
East Village, Manhattan
Infoshops
Housing in New York City
Bordertown railway station is located on the Adelaide to Wolseley line in Bordertown.
History
The railway arrived in Bordertown on 22 September 1881 when the Kingston SE to Narracoorte line was extended north. It became a junction station in 1886 with the arrival of the Adelaide-Wolseley line with the station built in 1914.
The railway station was listed on the South Australian Heritage Register on 22 September 1994.
Services
The only passenger rail service which stops at the station is Journey Beyond's twice weekly Overland service operating between Adelaide and Melbourne.
References
Railway stations in South Australia
Railway stations in Australia opened in 1914
South Australian Heritage Register
This is the list of cathedrals in Indonesia.
Roman Catholic
Cathedrals of the Roman Catholic Church in Indonesia:
Ecclesiastical Province of Ende
Christ the King Cathedral of the Archdiocese of Ende
Holy Spirit Cathedral of the Diocese of Denpasar
Cathedral of the Queen of the Rosary of the Diocese of Larantuka
Cathedral of St. Joseph of the Diocese of Maumere
Cathedral of St. Joseph and St. Mary of the Assumption of the Diocese of Ruteng
Ecclesiastical Province of Jakarta
Cathedral of St. Mary of the Assumption of the Archdiocese of Jakarta
St. Peter's Cathedral of the Diocese of Bandung
Cathedral of the Blessed Virgin Mary of the Diocese of Bogor
Ecclesiastical Province of Kupang
Christ the King Cathedral of the Archdiocese of Kupang
Cathedral of St. Mary Immaculate of the Diocese of Atambua
Holy Spirit Cathedral of the Diocese of Weetebula
Ecclesiastical Province of Makassar
Cathedral of the Sacred Heart of Jesus of the Archdiocese of Makassar
Cathedral of St. Francis Xavier of the Diocese of Amboina
Cathedral of the Most Sacred Heart of Mary of the Diocese of Manado
Ecclesiastical Province of Medan
Cathedral of St. Mary of the Archdiocese of Medan
Cathedral of St. Theresia of the Diocese of Padang
Cathedral of St. Therese of the Diocese of Sibolga
Ecclesiastical Province of Merauke
Cathedral of St. Francis Xavier of the Archdiocese of Merauke
Cathedral of the Holy Cross of the Diocese of Agats
Christ the King Cathedral of the Diocese of Jayapura
Cathedral of St. Augustine of the Diocese of Manokwari-Sorong
Cathedral of the Three Kings of the Diocese of Timika
Ecclesiastical Province of Palembang
Cathedral of St. Mary of the Archdiocese of Palembang
Cathedral of St. Joseph of the Diocese of Pangkal-Pinang
Cathedral of Christ the King of the Diocese of Tanjungkarang
Ecclesiastical Province of Pontianak
Cathedral of St. Joseph of the Archdiocese of Pontianak
Cathedral of St. Gemma Galgani of the Diocese of Ketapang
Cathedral of the Sacred Heart of Jesus of the Diocese of Sanggau
Cathedral of Christ the King of the Diocese of Sintang
Ecclesiastical Province of Samarinda
Cathedral of St. Mary of the Archdiocese of Samarinda
Cathedral of the Holy Family of the Diocese of Banjarmasin
Cathedral of St. Mary of the Diocese of Palangkaraya
Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption of the Diocese of Tanjung Selor
Ecclesiastical Province of Semarang
Cathedral of Mary Queen of the Holy Rosary of the Archdiocese of Semarang
Cathedral of Our Lady of Mount Carmel of the Diocese of Malang
Christ the King Cathedral of the Diocese of Purwokerto
Cathedral of the Sacred Heart of Jesus of the Diocese of Surabaya
See also
List of cathedrals
List of church buildings in Indonesia
Christianity in Indonesia
References
Cathedrals in Indonesia
Indonesia
Cathedrals
Cathedrals
Sontecomapan Lagoon (Laguna Sontecomapan also Laguna de Sontecomapan) occupies an alluvial plain in the center of the Sierra de Los Tuxtlas, , in southeast central Veracruz, east central Mexico on the edge of the Gulf of Mexico. The laguna is part of the Catemaco municipio stretching from the Gulf of Mexico to the foothills of the San Martin Tuxtla Volcano and the Sierra Santa Marta.
Tourism is concentrated on sightseeing the environmentally threatened mangroves of the laguna by rental lancha (boat) from the embarcadero (dock) in the village of Sontecomapan, watching kids dive at the shallow spring Poza de los Enanos and visiting the beaches of La Barra and Jicacal.
In 2004 Laguna Sontecomapan was designated as a Ramsar site.
References
Laguna Sontecomapan Guide
wetlands.org: Laguna Sontecomapan
Landforms of Veracruz
Sontecomapan
Ramsar sites in Mexico
Gulf Coast of Mexico
Los Tuxtlas
Tourist attractions in Veracruz
is a former JR West Kabe Line station located in Kake, Yamagata District, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan. It closed on December 1, 2003, when operation of the line was discontinued/suspended between Kabe Station and Sandankyō Station.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kabe Line
Adjacent stations
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Kabe Line suspended stations
Railway stations closed in 2003
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1969
Florisuginae is one of the six subfamilies in the hummingbird family Trochilidae.
The subfamily contains two genera, Topaza and Florisuga, which each contain two species.
Phylogeny
A molecular phylogenetic study of the hummingbirds published in 2007 found that the family was composed of nine major clades. When Edward Dickinson and James Van Remsen, Jr. updated the Howard and Moore Complete Checklist of the Birds of the World for the 4th edition in 2013 they divided the hummingbirds into six subfamilies and proposed using the name Florisuginae for the clade consisting of the genera Topaza and Florisuga. The subfamily Florisuginae had originally been introduced (as Florisugeae) by the French naturalist Charles Lucien Bonaparte in 1853.
Molecular phylogenetic studies by Jimmy McGuire and collaborators published between 2007 and 2014 determined the relationships between the major groups of hummingbirds. In the cladogram below the English names are those introduced in 1997. The Latin names are those proposed by Dickinson and Remsen in 2013.
Taxonomic list
The subfamily contains four species.
References
Sources
Bird subfamilies
Svitlana Vasylivna Pylypenko (; sometimes written Svetlana Pilipenko from ; born 14 August 1983) is a Ukrainian former competitive figure skater. She won three medals on the ISU Junior Grand Prix series and competed at three World Junior Championships, achieving her best result, 16th, in 2001. She placed 20th at the 2002 European Championships. After retiring from competition, Pylypenko toured with the Imperial Ice Stars and joined the coaching staff of a skating club in Sochi, Russia.
Programs
Competitive highlights
JGP: Junior Series / Junior Grand Prix
References
External links
1983 births
Ukrainian female single skaters
Living people
Sportspeople from Kyiv
is a passenger railway station located in the town of Kaiyō, Kaifu District, Tokushima Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Shikoku and has the station number "M25".
Lines
Sabase Station is served by the Mugi Line and is located 72.0 km from the beginning of the line at . Only local trains stop at the station.
Layout
The station consists of a side platform serving a single track. There is no station building, only a shelter on the platform for passengers. The access road slopes up steeply from the main road, giving direct access to the platform.
Adjacent stations
History
Japanese National Railways (JNR) opened the station on 1 October 1973 as an intermediate station when the track of the Mugi Line was extended from to . On 1 April 1987, with the privatization of JNR, control of the station passed to JR Shikoku.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 4 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Japan National Route 55
See also
List of Railway Stations in Japan
References
External links
JR Shikoku timetable
Railway stations in Tokushima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1973
Kaiyō, Tokushima
We Are Leo is a creative music project from the Chicago area led by producer David Duffield — currently living and working on new music from his home studio on Lake Michigan's waterfront. The project is currently a Duo, featuring singer Joseph Sanborn alongside David Duffield, and they collaborate on songwriting + studio work with a community of friends, most notably bassist Howard Lalgee and guitarist Matt Gainsford. Since 2011 We Are Leo has released 4 albums, 10 singles (nearing 30 Million Global streams to date) and has toured extensively appearing at most major Christian Festivals, Youth Conferences such as Acquire the Fire, and over 125 schools with faith-based non-profit Remedy Live.
They are best known in collaboration with YouTube's Dude Perfect which features 7 of their songs in popular videos. The band commenced as a musical entity in 2011, with their first release, Hello, an extended play that was released on August 30, 2011 with Skies Fall Records. Their first studio album, Hello Again, was released on June 23, 2012, from Skies Fall Records. The subsequent studio album, Fightback Soundtrack, was released in 2014 from Dream Records. This was followed by The Rush and the Roar, which was released on May 26, 2017. They have since released a string of singles to music streaming services.
Music history
The band commenced as a musical entity in 2011, with their first release, Hello, an extended play, that was released on August 30, 2011, with Skies Fall Records. Their first studio album, Hello Again, was released on June 23, 2012, from Skies Fall Records. The subsequent studio album, Fightback Soundtrack, was released on October 14, 2014, by Dream Records.
Members
David Josiah Duffield: Vocals, Keys, Production
Joseph Sanborn: Vocals
Matt Gainsford: Guitars
Discography
Studio albums
Hello Again (June 23, 2012, Skies Fall)
Fightback Soundtrack (October 14, 2014, Dream)
The Rush & The Roar (May 26, 2017, Dream)
EPs
Hello (August 30, 2011, Skies Fall)
Singles
References
External links
Official website
Musical groups from Wisconsin
2011 establishments in Wisconsin
Musical groups established in 2011
The Sudamericano de Futsal Sub-20 (South American Under-20 Futsal Championship), is the U-20 version of Copa América de Futsal.
Champions by year
Medal Count
References
source: http://www.futsalplanet.com/agenda/agenda-01.asp?id=20319 - all detail results
External links
Sudamericano Sub 20 de Futsal Uruguay 2016
Futsal competitions in South America
CONMEBOL competitions
South American youth sports competitions
3S Understanding is a curriculum structure that was created by James G. Henderson. 3S Understanding is a mixture of three components that can be diagrammed as a triangle. The three Ss are Subject Matter, Self-learning, and Social Learning.
Henderson and Gornik's Reflective Teaching: Professional Artistry Through Inquiry examines 3S understanding and teaching for democratic living. It goes in depth about subject learning, self-learning, and social learning. Henderson writes the book with the ideas and also presents several real life examples. It goes through teacher reflection and how teachers should be constantly refining their practice.
The manual on 3S Understanding and how to apply it to a curriculum is Transformative Curriculum Leadership by Henderson. It will be one of the most important documents in the study. Henderson outlines what 3S Understanding is, what it is based on, and how to implement it. The author discusses how to design and plan lessons, how to teach the lessons, evaluation of the lessons, and organization. Henderson even goes on to discuss how the community and school can get involved and help expand and support this form of curriculum.
Understanding by Design
Understanding by Design by Wiggins and McTighe takes on the heavy task of getting students to not merely gain factual knowledge but to understand what they are learning. The authors talk about using backward design to focus on the goals and then determine what the students need to do to show they have achieved the goals. Wiggins and McTighe describe the goal of backward design as, "lessons, unite, and courses should be logically inferred from the results sought, not derived from the methods, books, and activities with which we are most comfortable". They also delve into the idea of being able to use information and apply it to different situations. Helping the students to understand how they are learning and their metacognitive ability is integral in 3S understanding. The self aspect of 3S understanding desires for the student to see themselves as a lifelong learner. Wiggins and McTighe cover the subject matter and social aspects of 3S understanding.
21st Century Skills
The 21st Century Skills and 21st Century Themes are becoming more prevalent in education as time goes on. The connection 21st Century skills have with 3S understanding is that sense of being a self-learner. Students need to see themselves as constantly learning through life as they develop skills in a fast changing world. The authors report:
Achieving education's goals in our time is shaped by the increasingly powerful technologies we have for communicating, collaborating, and learning. And learning assumes a central role throughout life.
Subject matter
The subject is the base curriculum and standards that are used by the school, state, and nation. They are inherent in every curriculum but James Henderson goes further in describing what he sees as subject. He says, “Teaching for democratic living requires the use of thinking-centered, performance-based activities". Teaching subject matter is important but it needs to focus on student thinking and assessment. Henderson gives many forms of performance-based learning: Collaborative learning, peer teaching, project-based learning, understanding performances, infusion of critical and creative thinking, and authentic problems that have real-world significance. Henderson also discusses the importance of constructivist learning and how drawing from past experiences and applying it to the present is important. The students will gain more meaning from the material if it has some meaning to them.
Self-learning
The second S is for Self-Learning and it represents the students' view of themselves as lifelong learners. It is important for students to see themselves as constantly learning from others and from themselves. Everything that a student experiences, every person that they talk to, and everything they do impacts their beliefs and knowledge. If a teacher can help a student to realize that then they can help the student to grow to be active participants in a democratic society. Henderson also talks about social-emotional growth and how it can be accomplished by fostering, “caring and supportive learning environments that invite active student participation in classroom and school management activities”. It is important for students to make good choices and to know how to express emotion.
Social learning
The third S stands for Social Learning which gives the student understanding of their society. It helps them think about “equity, diversity, and civility issues”. Equity has to do with the equality of people and the ideas of fair and just. Henderson suggests that stereotypes are squashed at an early age and that grading should encourage all students. Diversity should celebrate human differences and diversity should be seen as something good. Civility focuses on the right to have different opinions and to listen to everyone's opinion even if it is different.
Paradigms
3S Understanding is built upon the curriculum wisdom paradigm which is an expansion of the constructivist best practice paradigm. The paradigm that Henderson is looking to get away from is the standardized management paradigm. He compares the two by saying standardized management's problem-solving cycle is, “goal-setting, decision-making, and reflecting activities aligned to high-stakes standardized tests” while curriculum wisdom's is “goal-setting, decision-making, and reflecting activities that facilitate student's subject matter meaning making in a context of active democratic living”. The difference is the last part of each explanation. One focuses on the high-stakes standardized tests while the other focuses on taking what the student is learning and applying it to themselves and the society they live in.
Henderson and Kessen's Curriculum Wisdom book is about one of the three educational paradigms that Henderson says are inherent in one another; they are the standardized management paradigm, the constructivist best practice paradigm, and the curriculum wisdom paradigm. Curriculum wisdom has to do with expanding upon the subject matter the student is learning. The curriculum wisdom paradigm is a “concise way to convey the subtle and complex challenges of approaching curriculum work as envisioning and enacting a good educational journey”. It is putting the subject matter in context with how it is meaningful to their lives. In essence the argument is that people need to know the subject matter, how to use it in their lives, and how to be a good member of society.
Transformative standards
The paradigms are revisited when Henderson talks about standards. Standards are an important topic in education and seeing the Transformative Standards he puts forth shows them in a new light. Received standards stress the importance of “standardized factual knowledge and skills, knowledge and skills that are testable with a large population, and criteria based on a predetermined metric based on counting”. These standards are not based on the students or what they have learned. Henderson's Transformative Standards are based on student understanding and wisdom. Taking what the student knows of the subject and allowing them to show their understanding through demonstration and performances.
Six facets of understanding
Important in creating a curriculum with 3S understanding is to include Henderson's Six Facets of Understanding. Wisdom is having knowledge and knowing how to apply it. Henderson gives ways to assess if a student understands and shows wisdom on a topic. He says a student who really understands, “can explain, can interpret, can apply, sees in perspective, demonstrates empathy, and reveals self-knowledge”. Many of these ways to see if a student understands are not normally used in the classroom. The reason is because 3S understanding requires more of the student while at the same time gives them more. It may seem like more work for the student but actually the student is connecting the work to themselves and their surroundings. It will stimulate students more and seeing themselves as lifelong learners will motivate them to acquire knowledge and wisdom.
Example: Integrated Curriculum
Integrated curricula like teaching for 3S understanding are becoming more popular all around the world. The article "Japan's National Curriculum Reforms: Focus on Integrated Curriculum" was an excellent source of information on curriculum infusion. It was geared toward helping to implement the integration into school systems. Japan wanted their children to grow up to be well-balanced adults. This article provided excellent insight into why the basic standards are not enough anymore. Arani says:
On this basis, the optional courses increase; the teacher's role changes; and the school should teach the students how to think, decide, and organize their thoughts, as well as how to gain the skills for learning, research, and collection and analysis of data. The school should also teach the students how to learn while being in contact with their surroundings, and how to relate all the learning with the society, and the daily life.
Children need to learn to think more independently. They need to be able to understand what is happening around them in their environment. The rich culture all around them needs to be coupled with the problems and issues around them as well. Japan has realized and acted on the realization that basic knowledge base curriculum does not work anymore. The world is a changing place and teachers need to integrate the world into their students' educations. It relates to the self and social learning aspects of 3S understanding that help set it apart. This is an excellent example of the democratic self and social understanding discussed by Henderson.
Example: The Curriculum Infusion of Real Life Issues
The Curriculum Infusion of Real Life Issues Model is about taking issues that students face in their everyday lives and addressing them. There are many issues that students can face as they grow into adults. Ignoring them in the classroom is not the right way to go about producing responsible adults. The authors include issues such as bullying, drugs and alcohol, smoking, violence, and sexually transmitted diseases. It would be productive if teachers can acknowledge and support students when they face problems like these. Students and teachers can develop more of an interpersonal bond and even help their communities grow. The authors describe the curriculum infusion, “It makes classes more relevant to students by addressing their real world concerns and connects teachers more closely to the students and communities where they work." Included in the authors' research are topics such as diversity, environment, and prevention. This is another example of self and social understanding being used in conjunction with subject matter. It shows that there is more to students' lives than simply subject matter.
Example: "More Like Real Life"
The article “More Like Real Life: Motivational Methods of Teaching in Upper Secondary School” is helpful in understanding how teachers and students interact. It is a Swedish article but is important to understand the relationship between teacher and student for real life inclusion methods. The authors write, “Both the school and the working force of teachers need a new conception of what knowledge is Carlgren would like to see a new knowledge movement based on a way of viewing knowledge that ‘instead of knowledge being seen as a substance, is seen as a relationship between humanity and the world.'” This shows how important it is for students to see that they are a part of the world. They need to take what they know and connect it to their surroundings. People are a part of something bigger than themselves and need to understand the relationship they have with the world. The article also discusses a study done at a high school where everyone was from a different place. The high school recruited students from everywhere. It was the perfect place to have a study on school and its effect on a student's culture. The study found that students created a culture and working community of their own. They were able to understand each other and work together in their school activities. After school activities played an important role in the study. It gave the student more of a bond between each other and allowed the teachers to get involved in their lives. It was perfect to help understand how integrating real life issues could help students, parents, the community, and teachers in a school system. This article explores how schools have an effect on students and how students and teachers have an effect on each other. Social studies are very involved with social and self-understanding and the 3S Curriculum model would fit easily and with great results.
See also
Currere
References
4. Malewski, E. (2009). Curriculum studies handbook: The next moment. New York, NY: Routledge.
External links
International Association for K-12 Online Learning's Online 3S Understanding Webinar
Transformative Curriculum Leadership Blog
Curriculum Leadership Institute
Educational Review of Henderson and Kesson's Curriculum Wisdom: Educational Decisions in Democratic Societies
Learning methods
Kessens Peak () is a peak, high, located southeast of Mount Paine in the La Gorce Mountains, in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–63, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Gerard R. Kessens of U.S. Navy Squadron VX-6, a photographer on Operation Deep Freeze 1966 and 1967.
References
Mountains of Marie Byrd Land
Bukit Subang is a township in Shah Alam, Selangor, Malaysia and is a part of Mukim Bukit Raja in Petaling District. This development project is led by Guthrie Berhad.
Shah Alam
Townships in Selangor
Reggie Crist (born July 12, 1968) is an American former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics. After 10 years as a member of the US Ski Team, Crist helped pioneer the sport of Ski Cross which is now an Olympic Sport. Crist became the first Ski Cross athlete to win X Games twice (2002 and 2005), marking his 5th consecutive podium finish. Crist has also been a regularly featured skier in Warren Miller ski films. Crist currently works as heli-ski guides in Haines, Alaska.
References
http://team.eddiebauer.com/post/116336252835/reggie-crist
1968 births
Living people
American male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of the United States
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Gary or Garry Smith may refer to:
Music
Gary Smith (drummer) (born 1950), member of Chase and Survivor
Gary Smith (guitarist), British avant-garde guitarist, improviser and composer
Gary Smith (heavy metal guitarist)
Gary Smith (record producer), entrepreneur, record producer, and artists' manager
Politics
Garry R. Smith (born 1957), American politician in South Carolina
Gary Smith Jr. (born 1972), American politician in Louisiana
Gary Smith (politician), 2012 New Mexican congressional candidate
Gary Smith, burgess of Woodsboro, Maryland
Sports
Gary Smith (cricketer) (born 1958), South African cricketer
Gary Smith (footballer, born 1955), English footballer
Gary Smith (footballer, born 1966), St Kitts and Nevis international footballer
Gary Smith (footballer, born 1968), English football player and coach
Gary Smith (footballer, born 1971), Scottish footballer
Gary Smith (footballer, born 1984), English footballer
Gary Smith (footballer, born 1991), Scottish footballer
Gary Smith (ice hockey) (born 1944), ice hockey goaltender
Gary Smith (bowls) (born 1958), English world indoor champion bowler
Gary R Smith (born 1962), English bowls player
Gary Smith (rugby league, York born) (born 1963), English rugby league footballer who played in the 1970s and 1980s
Gary Smith (rugby league) (born 1963), Australian rugby league footballer who played in the 1980s and 1990s
Garry Smith (rugby league), New Zealand international
Gary Smith (sailor) (born 1952), Australian Olympic sailor
Other
Gary Smith (EDA analyst) (1941–2015), electronic design automation business analyst
Gary Smith (economist) (born 1945), economist, author
Gary Smith (Ciena CEO), telecommunications industry executive
Gary Smith (sportswriter) (born 1953), long-time writer for Sports Illustrated
Gary T. Smith (born 1954), American screenwriter, actor and director
Gary Smith (philosopher) (born 1954), American philosopher and culture manager
Gary Mark Smith (born 1956), American street photographer
Gary Smith (trade unionist), Scottish trade union leader
Gary Smith, fictional character in the video game Bully
See also
Gary Smyth (born 1969), Northern Irish footballer
Gary Smyth (loyalist), Northern Irish former loyalist paramilitary
Turtle and Shark (Laumei ma Malie in Samoan) is a place with association to an important legend in the culture of Samoa. It is located on the southern shore of Tutuila, the largest island of American Samoa, a short way south of the village of Vaitogi. The feature known as Turtle and Shark is a U-shaped cove, set between Vaitogi Beach to the north and a basalt cliff to the south. The cove is about measured from east to west and measured from north to south. The topography of the cove is such that it is frequently subjected to high-energy wave action, with spray thrown high into the air. The cove is believed by the Samoan populace to be the location of the climactic scene of the Turtle and Shark legend, one of the island's best-known and popular tales.
The earliest documented form of the Turtle and Shark legend was published in 1884 by a missionary:
A story is told of a woman and her child, who in a time of great scarcity were
neglected by the family. One day they cooked some wild yams, but never offered
her a share. She was vexed, asked the child to follow her, and when they reached
a precipice on the rocky coast, seized the child and jumped over. It is said they
were changed into turtles, and afterwards came in that form at the call of the
people of the village.
By the early 20th century, the tale had been altered to involve a ritual for avoiding famine, and had become strongly attached to the cove at Vaitogi. The village was described by anthropologist Margaret Mead as the site of the "famous" legend.
The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2014.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in American Samoa
References
National Register of Historic Places in American Samoa
Garzan Dam is an embankment dam on the Garzan River northeast of Kozluk in Batman Province, Turkey. It is part of the Southeastern Anatolia Project and has a primary purpose of hydroelectric power generation and irrigation. Surveys for the dam were completed in 2008, construction began in 2009 and the dam began to impound its reservoir in October 2012. The power plant has an installed capacity of 49 MW. The irrigation works remain under construction and are expected to irrigate an area of when complete. The dam was awarded to FERNAS Energy Electricity Generation Co. Inc. in 2011 under a build–operate–transfer basis.
References
External links
Dams in Batman Province
Rock-filled dams
Dams completed in 2012
Hydroelectric power stations in Turkey
Southeastern Anatolia Project
Dams in the Tigris River basin
First Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Talladega, Alabama. It was built in 1860 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
References
Presbyterian churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Talladega County, Alabama
Romanesque Revival church buildings in Alabama
Churches completed in 1860
Churches in Talladega County, Alabama
Arben is an Albanian masculine given name that refers to the first Albanian entity during the Middle Ages: Principality of Arbanon ().
Arben Arbëri (born 1964), Albanian football player
Arben Biba (born 1976), Kosovar Albanian actor
Arben Imami (born 1958), Albanian politician
Arben Malaj (born 1961), Albanian politician
Arben Minga (1959–2007), Albanian footballer
Arben Ristani (born 1969), head of the Central Election Commission of Albania
Arben Shehu (born 1980), Albanian football striker
Arben Xhaferi (1948–2012), Albanian politician who worked in the Republic of Macedonia
See also
Arben Broci High School, Tirana, Albania
Albanian masculine given names
Anna Kellnerová (born 26 November 1996) is a Czech showjumper. She is twice Czech junior national champion and twice Czech national champion in the young riders category. She also competed at the 2021 Olympic games in Tokyo.
Family
Anna Kellnerová is the daughter of Czech businessman Petr Kellner, the founder and major shareholder of PPF Group and the richest Czech.
Career
Kellnerová started horse-riding at a young age and received her licence at the age of 12. Currently, Kellnerová is a member of the Czech Equestrian Team, teaming up with multiple Czech national champion, Aleš Opatrný.
In 2009, Kellnerová attended training with British coach Kenneth Clawson. In 2011, Marek Javorský became Kellnerová's coach, and since 2015, she has been coached by Jessica Kürten.
In 2012, Kellnerová won her first team junior national title with a horse called Zonny. In 2013, she won her first individual junior national title, with a horse called Curley Sue. This was followed by victories in the Czech National Championship in 2014 and 2015, this time in the Young Riders category, riding a horse called Bacara de la Ferme Blanche.
Since 2013, Kellnerová has regularly competed in the European Junior Championship in both the junior and senior categories. In 2014, she finished 31st, riding a horse called Kashmir. During the Furusyia Nations Cup in Budapest and Arezzo in 2014, she finished first and second with the Czech national team.
In 2015 and 2016, Kellnerová represented the Czech Republic at the Nations Cup and European Young Riders Championship in Millstreet, Ireland. In 2016 she finished second in the year-long ladder of the PAVO Equestrian Cup in the senior show jumping category. In March 2017, she was awarded ‘The Women Rider of 2016' in the young riders' category by the Czech Equestrian Federation. Along with Aleš Opatrný she is a member of the Berlin Lions team, and she has competed at the prestigious Global Champions League since 2017.
In 2018, Anna Kellnerová continues to compete for the Prague Lions team at the prestigious Global Champions League series, along with her teammate Aleš Opatrný. The other members of the team are Niels Bruynseels, Holger Wulschner and Gerco Schröder and the team won the second round of the series in Miami. During this event Anna Kellnerová, along with her Dutch teammate Gerco Schröder, showcased a near perfect run.
References
1996 births
Living people
Czech female equestrians
Show jumping riders
Sportspeople from Prague
Equestrians at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic equestrians of the Czech Republic
Our Lady's High School is a six-year Roman Catholic co-educational comprehensive school which opened in Ravenswood in 1968. It caters for pupils living in Cumbernauld, Muirhead, Cardowan and Stepps and in addition to pupils from Condorrat, Dullatur, Moodiesburn and Castlecary. The school's emblem is a post-modern artistic recreation of the Virgin and child.
History
Prior to its opening in 1968 there was no Roman Catholic high school in Cumbernauld and pupils had to make a 10-mile bus journey to Kirkintilloch to attend St Ninian's.
The school has always maintained a strong link with the surrounding community, and through pupils, parents and teacher links they are associated with several primary schools from which the intake is drawn:
St Margaret of Scotland Primary School, Cumbernauld
St Lucy's Primary School, Abronhill
St Mary's Primary School, Ravenswood
St Joseph's Primary School, Stepps
St Barbara's Primary School, Muirhead
St Andrew's Primary School, Cumbernauld
The former Sacred Heart Primary in Kildrum was also a feeder primary until its closure in 2000. Like Sacred Heart, Our Lady's was architecturally designed by Gillespie, Kidd & Coia.
Houses
The pupils are split into 5 different Houses - St Margaret of Scotland, St John Ogilvie, St Thenew, St Mungo and St Columba.
Notable former pupils
David Cromwell – oceanographer and co-editor of the Media Lens website
Mark McGhee – football manager
Peter Mackie – football player, Celtic F.C. and St Mirren F.C.
Pauline McNeill – Member of the Scottish Parliament
Neil Primrose – drummer from Travis
References
External links
School's website
North Lanarkshire Council website
Our Lady's High School's page on Scottish Schools Online
Catholic secondary schools in North Lanarkshire
1968 establishments in Scotland
Educational institutions established in 1968
Cumbernauld
Loudoun Castle is a ruined 19th-century country house near Galston, in the Loudoun area of Ayrshire, Scotland. The ruins are protected as a category A listed building.
History
Loudoun Castle is the former home of the Mure-Campbell family. Upon the marriage by Flora Mure-Campbell, 6th Countess of Loudoun, to Francis Rawdon-Hastings, 2nd Earl of Moira (later Marquess of Hastings), on 12 July 1804, it became the home of the Rawdon-Hastings family. While Loudoun was in the ownership of Edith Rawdon-Hastings, the ownership named encountered a change once more by the death of Sir Charles Abney-Hastings, 2nd Bt. In Edith's inheritance there was a condition from Sir Charles, a natural grandson of the 10th Earl of Huntingdon – brother of Lady Edith's grandmother – that by Royal Licence and Act of Parliament, whoever inherited the estate of the Abney family shall take on the surname of Abney-Hastings.
The present castle was built for Flora, adjoining the 17th-century extension, and the 15th-century keep. The plans of Loudoun Castle were drawn up in 1805 by the architect Archibald Elliot. One estimate suggests that the "improvements" to Loudoun Castle between 1804 and 1811 cost over £100,000 – over £3,500,000 in today's money. The massive structure, known as The Windsor of Scotland, had over 90 apartments, and was dominated by the main tower in the rear of the building. The regal library on the south front, measured 100 feet in length and contained upwards of 11,000 volumes. Archibald Elliot's plans included a large banqueting hall on the north front, but this was not built through lack of money.
The plantations around the castle comprise a great variety of trees, many of them of very stately appearance and brought from America by John, fourth earl of Loudoun, who was governor of Virginia in 1756 and who during his military services in various parts of the world sent home every kind of valuable tree he met with. He also formed an extensive collection of willows selected from England, Ireland and Holland.
A 300-pound stone from Loudoun Castle in Scotland was presented to Loudoun County, Virginia by the Countess of Loudoun and the Queen's representative, the Rouge Dragon, in a special ceremony. In 2015, during the 15th Earl's inaugural trip, he visited Loudoun County and posed for photos with Loudoun County Board of Supervisors Chairman Scott York.
Wallace's Sword
Published text from The Antiquarian –
"The Countess of Loudoun recently arrived at Loudoun Castle with the sword of Wallace. This sword has been reserved in Loudoun Castle from death of Wallace until five years back when it was removed by the late Marquis of Hastings to his seat in Leicestershire. On the death of the marquis in 1868 it passed into possession of the present countess who has just brought back to its old home. It will be remembered that the mother of Wallace was a daughter of Loudoun, and that on death of his uncle Sir Reginald Crawford of Loudoun – hanged by the English at Ayr Wallace – Wallace had the custody of his only daughter Susanna Crawford of Loudoun married a son of Sir Niel Campbell of Argyll and ancestress of the present Countess of Loudoun the hereditary custodian of the sword of William Wallace.
"One of Wallace's swords was a treasured family possession, and was hung in Loudoun Castle's entrance hall. To give a visual perspective, the hall was around 70 feet by 30 feet, and the Wallace Sword was placed in a position of honour on the east wall."
Traditions
A ley tunnel is said to run from Loudoun Castle, under the River Irvine, to Cessnock Castle over to the south.
See also
Loudoun Kirk
Loudoun Castle (theme park)
References
External links
Video, annotation and commentary on the first Loudoun Castle.
Video and commentary on the Loudoun Barony Judge's Hill.
Video and commentary on the East Newton Limeworks.
Video and commentary on the ruins at Muttonhole Strip.
Castles in East Ayrshire
Category A listed buildings in East Ayrshire
Ruins in East Ayrshire
Inventory of Gardens and Designed Landscapes
Scottish country houses destroyed in the 20th century
Clan Campbell
Clan Crawford
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Lake County, Indiana.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Indiana, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a map.
There are 82 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Another 2 properties were once listed but have been removed.
Properties and districts located in incorporated areas display the name of the municipality, while properties and districts in unincorporated areas display the name of their civil township. Properties and districts split between multiple jurisdictions display the names of all jurisdictions.
Current listings
|}
Former listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Indiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Indiana
Listings in neighboring counties: Cook (IL), Jasper, Kankakee (IL), Newton, Porter, Will (IL)
List of Indiana state historical markers in Lake County
References
Lake County
The 1965–66 Danish 1. division season was the ninth season of ice hockey in Denmark. Seven teams participated in the league, and KSF Copenhagen won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Danish
1965 in Danish sport
1966 in Danish sport
The EG Awards of 2010 are the fifth Annual The Age EG (Entertainment Guide) Awards and took place at the Prince of Wales on 15 December 2010. The event was hosted by Brian Nankervis.
Hall of Fame inductees
Paul Kelly
Life Time Achievement Awards
Patrick Donovan
Performers
Dan Kelly
Eagle and the Worm
Lemonheads
Megan Washington
Paul Kelly
Tim Rogers
The Drones
Award nominees and winners
Winners indicated below in boldface
References
2010 in Australian music
2010 music awards
Music Victoria Awards
"Holding On (When Love Is Gone)" is a hit song by R&B/funk band L.T.D. Released from their hit album, Togetherness, the song spent two weeks on top of the R&B single chart in September 1978 and peaked at forty-nine on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart.
References
1978 singles
1978 songs
L.T.D. (band) songs
A&M Records singles
Songs written by Jeffrey Osborne
Zoblazo is a musical style from Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire, created in the early 1990s. It is a cosmopolitan popular dance music with simple up-tempo rhythm and high tech instrumentation and contains a mixture of traditional dance rhythms from southern Côte d'Ivoire.
Zoblazo's best known exponent is Freddy Meiway, who has released a series of Zoblazo records starting in 1989 with the record "Ayibebou" with his group Zo Gang. An ethnic N'Zema from Grand Bassam, Meiway integrated folk rhythms from Côte d'Ivoire and Ghana with and is danced to with a white handkerchief. From his second album in 1990 entitled 200% Zoblazo, Meiway became the second best known Ivorian and N'zema musician after Alpha Blondy, and has released a steady stream records, the most recent 9ème commandement –900% zoblazo released in 2007.
External links
RFI Musique: Meiway Biography, January 2007.
Review Meiway - Golgotha (800% Zoblazo): Africa On Your Street, BBC.co.uk.
Meiway from the Ivory Coast, JJC Reviews, May 2006: Africa On Your Street, BBC.co.uk.
Ivorian styles of music
World music genres
Abidjan
Oregon Route 6 is a state highway in the U.S. state of Oregon that runs between the city of Tillamook on the Oregon Coast, to the Willamette Valley, near Banks. OR 6 traverses the Wilson River Highway No. 37 of the Oregon state highway system, named after the river paralleling the highway's western segment.
Route description
OR 6 begins (at its western terminus) at a junction with U.S. Route 101 and Oregon Route 131 in downtown Tillamook. From there it winds eastward though the Northern Oregon Coast Range along the Wilson River, and through a portion of the Tillamook State Forest. The stretch through the Coast Range is well known for its scenic beauty (as well as frequent accidents; the highway is a highly traveled route despite numerous twists and turns and steep grades). Emerging from the Coast Range, it passes through a few foothill communities. At the base of the Coast Range, Oregon Route 8 forks off to the east, heading towards the communities of Gales Creek and Forest Grove; whereas OR 6 continues to the northeast. OR 6 soon passes south of the city of Banks, where it has an interchange with the Nehalem Highway (OR 47), and Wilkesboro. A few miles east of Banks, OR 6 ends at an interchange with U.S. Route 26, the Sunset Highway. Travelers generally continue east on US 26 (which is a freeway east of the interchange) into Portland.
OR 6 passes through some of the areas devastated during the Tillamook Burn, a series of fires that occurred in the 1930s, 1940s, and early 1950s in eastern Tillamook County.
History
During the Great Depression workers from the Works Progress Administration assisted in the construction of the road. Before 1957, OR 6 included the entirety of today's Oregon Route 8, plus an additional stretch into downtown Portland. With the completion of the Sunset Highway (and the new alignment through Banks), the route through Gales Creek and the Tualatin Valley was renumbered as OR 8; and OR 6 was placed on the alignment it has today.
The section from Glenwood east to the US 26 junction was a former and temporary routing of US 26, continuing north through Timber. This routing was used by US 26 while the final stretch was completed.
In 2022, the state legislature passed a law that requires the Oregon Department of Transportation to conduct a survey of the highway to reduce hazardous road designs. This came in response to seven fatalities in the previous year and other collisions, many of which involved "lane departures".
Major intersections
References
External links
Oregon Highways
ORoads: Oregon Highway 6
006
Transportation in Washington County, Oregon
Transportation in Tillamook County, Oregon
Works Progress Administration in Oregon
