Télésat, formerly known as Télésat Numérique, is a satellite subscription television provider owned by M7 Group aimed at the French-speaking community of Belgium and Luxembourg, which also offers a triple play package of satellite television, internet and landline telephone services. In september 2019, M7 Group was bought by Vivendi's Canal+ Group. In 2020 the legal entity M7 Group S.A. changed its name into Canal+ Luxembourg S.a.r.l. while its groupbrand name remains M7 Group.
In 2010 the operator added the possibility to add a selection of Flemish stations to a client's subscription by adding the option "Espace TV Vlaanderen" at an additional monthly cost but which requires a triple LNB or motorised satellite dish.
References
External links
Télésat Belgium
Télésat Luxembourg
M7 Group
Direct broadcast satellite services
Private equity portfolio companies
Providence Equity Partners companies
Television in Belgium
Television in Luxembourg
Gladys Wamuyu Wachiuri (born 23 December 1972) is a retired Kenyan middle-distance runner competing primarily in the 800 metres. She represented her country at the 1992 Summer Olympics. In addition, she won the bronze medal at the 1994 Commonwealth Games.
Competition record
Personal bests
800 metres – 2:00.32 (Algiers 2000)
1000 metres – 2:42.98 (Nice 2000)
1500 metres – 4:11.94 (Brisbane 2000)
References
1972 births
Living people
Kenyan female middle-distance runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1998 Commonwealth Games
Olympic athletes of Kenya
World Athletics Championships athletes for Kenya
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Kenya
African Games bronze medalists for Kenya
African Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 1991 All-Africa Games
Absa Bank Limited (ABL), formerly known as Amalgamated Banks of South Africa, is a commercial bank in South Africa. It is licensed by the Reserve Bank of South Africa, the central bank and national banking regulator.
Location
The bank's headquarters are located on the 7th Floor of Absa Towers West, 15 Troye Street, Johannesburg, South Africa. The geographic coordinates of the bank's headquarters are:
26°12'23.0"S 28°02'57.0"E (Latitude:-26.206389; Longitude:28.049167).
Overview
Absa Bank Limited is one of the largest commercial banks in South Africa. As of 31 December 2018, the bank's total assets were ZAR:1,289,000,000,000 (US$73,691,500,000). Absa Bank Limited Limited is a 100 percent subsidiary of Absa Group Limited, the Pan African financial services conglomerate headquartered in South Africa, with subsidiaries in 12 African countries, whose total assets exceeded US$91 billion as at October 2019. The shares of the stock of Absa Group Limited, are listed on te JSE Limited, where they trade under the symbol AGL.
History
According to the archives of maintained by Barclays Bank Plc,
Amalgamated Banks of South Africa Limited was incorporated in 1986, by "the merger of UBS Holdings, the Allied and Volkskas Groups, and certain interests of the Sage Group". In 1992 Absa acquired the entire shareholding of the Bankorp Group, which included TrustBank, Senbank and Bankfin. The name of the bank's holding company was changed to Absa Group Limited in 1997.
In 2005 Barclays acquired a 62.3 percent majority stake in ABSA, and Barclays' existing subsidiary in South Africa and Barclays Capital's business were subsequently operated under the ABSA brand. Twelve other financial subsidiaries in 11 sub-Saharan African countries were made part of the group. Absa Group changed its name to Barclays Africa Group.
In 2016, Barclays Bank Plc, which owned 62.3 percent of Barclays Africa Group (BAG), the then parent company of Absa Bank Limited (the South African subsidiary), decided to divest its majority shareholding in BAG, worth £3.5 billion at that time.
In 2017 Barclays reduced its shareholding in BAG to 14.9 percent. After that, BAG re-branded to Absa Group Limited in 2018. Under the terms of that re-brand, Absa had until June 2020 to change the names of its subsidiaries in 12 African countries.
Governance
The bank is governed by a seven-person board of directors. The chairperson of the board is Sello Moloko, one of the non-executive directors. The managing director and CEO is Arrie Rautenbach.
See also
List of banks in South Africa
References
External links
Official Website
Banks of South Africa
Absa Group Limited
Companies based in Johannesburg
Banks established in 1986
Economy of South Africa
South African companies established in 1986
Richard Nanney (1691–1767) was an 18th-century evangelical priest in north Wales.
Life
Nanney, who was born in 1691, studied at Jesus College, Oxford, from 1710 onwards, obtaining a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1714 and a Master of Arts degree in 1719. After his ordination, he was appointed vicar of Clynnog Fawr, Gwynedd in 1718 and rector of Llanaelhaearn in 1725, and was also a canon of Bangor Cathedral. He was a strong supporter (in word and in deed) of the circulating schools organised by Griffith Jones, with the school in Clynnog often meeting in the church. He was influenced by the Methodist revival and the contrast between the "apathy of his early years" and the "fruitful piety" of later life was noted. It was recorded that crowds of people came to hear him preach, from the parish and from further afield. He died in 1767.
References
1691 births
1767 deaths
18th-century Welsh Anglican priests
Alumni of Jesus College, Oxford
Robbie Devereux (born 31 January 1971) is an English former professional footballer.
Biography
Born in Great Cornard, Devereux played for the Ipswich Town youth team, but was released by the club. He signed for Colchester United in 1989, but was released the following year after only two league appearances and dropped into non-League to sign for hometown club Cornard United.
In 1992, he briefly returned to Colchester, making six appearances, before signing for Irish club Shelbourne. In Ireland, he also played for Dundalk and St Patrick's Athletic, before returning to England to play for Southport, making seven appearances in the Football Conference. After a trial at Dagenham & Redbridge, he also played for AFC Sudbury, where he ended his career after making 77 appearances for the club. He currently runs a roofing company in the Sudbury area.
References
1971 births
People from Babergh District
English footballers
Colchester United F.C. players
Cornard United F.C. players
Shelbourne F.C. players
Dundalk F.C. players
St Patrick's Athletic F.C. players
Southport F.C. players
A.F.C. Sudbury players
Living people
Association football midfielders
Arches station (French: Gare d'Arches) is a railway station serving the commune of Arches, Vosges department, France. The station is owned and operated by SNCF, in the TER Grand Est regional rail network and is served by TER trains.
References
Railway stations in Vosges (department)
Nicola may refer to:
People
Nicola (name), including a list of people with the given name or, less commonly, the surname
Nicola (artist) or Nicoleta Alexandru, singer who represented Romania at the 2003 Eurovision Song Contest
Nicola people, an extinct Athapaskan people of the Nicola Valley in British Columbia, Canada, and a modern alliance now residing there
Nicola language, an extinct Athabascan language
Places
Nicola River, British Columbia, Canada
Nicola Country, a region of British Columbia around the river
Nicola Lake, a lake near the upper reaches of the river
Arts, entertainment, and media
Nicola (album) (1967), by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch
Nicola (magazine), a Japanese fashion magazine
Nicola (composition), a piano composition by Steve Race
Other uses
Nicola (apple), trade name of an apple cultivar
MV Nicola, a ferryboat in British Columbia, Canada
Nicola (sponge), a genus of sponges in the family Clathrinidae
NiCola, a variety of La Croix Sparkling Water
See also
Lower Nicola, British Columbia, a community on the Nicola River
Nicola Tribal Association, the formal government of the aforementioned Nicola peoples
Shackan First Nation, aka the Lower Nicola Indian Band, a government of the Nicola Tribal Association
Upper Nicola Indian Band, a government of the Nicola Tribal Association
Nikola (disambiguation)
Marlon Piñero is a former Philippine international footballer. He has also played for Philippine Navy and Dumaguete City.
International goals
Scores and results list the Philippines' goal tally first.
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Filipino footballers
Association football forwards
Philippines international footballers
People from Dumaguete
Footballers from Negros Oriental
Fritz Lange (born 22 January 1885, date of death unknown) was a German wrestler. He competed in the light heavyweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1885 births
Year of death missing
Olympic wrestlers of Germany
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
German male sport wrestlers
The Brick Album is the fifth studio album by The Greencards.
Track listing
Chart performance
References
2011 albums
The Greencards albums
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Nakuru () is a diocese located in the city of Nakuru in the Ecclesiastical province of Nairobi in Kenya.
History
January 11, 1968: Established as Diocese of Nakuru from the Diocese of Eldoret, Diocese of Kisumu and Metropolitan Archdiocese of Nairobi
Bishops
Bishops of Catholic Diocese Nakuru (Roman rite)
Fr. Denis Newman, S.P.S. (Apostolic Administrator 1968 – 30 Aug 1971)
Raphael S. Ndingi Mwana a'Nzeki (30 Aug 1971 Appointed - 14 Jun 1996 Appointed, Coadjutor Archbishop of Nairobi)
Peter J. Kairo (21 Apr 1997 Appointed - 19 Apr 2008 Appointed, Archbishop of Nyeri)
Maurice Muhatia Makumba (19 Dec 2009 Appointed -18 Feb 2022)
Other priests of this diocese who became bishops
Dominic Kimengich, appointed auxiliary bishop of Lodwar in 2010
Alfred Kipkoech Arap Rotich, appointed auxiliary bishop of Nairobi in 1996
Sources
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Roman Catholic dioceses in Kenya
Christian organizations established in 1968
Nakuru
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical Province of Nairobi
Roger Olsson (born 30 January 1944) is a Swedish former ice hockey center and Olympian.
Olsson played with Team Sweden at the 1968 Winter Olympics held in Grenoble, France. He previously played for VIK Västerås HK and Frölunda HC in the Swedish Elite League.
References
1944 births
Ice hockey players at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Living people
Olympic ice hockey players of Sweden
Swedish ice hockey centres
Sportspeople from Västerås
is a railway station in Kure, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kure Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
References
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1992
Antichthon is the peer-reviewed academic journal of the Australasian Society for Classical Studies. The focus of the journal is ancient Greece and Rome, however, its scope is broadly defined so as to embrace the ancient Near East and the Mediterranean from the beginnings of civilisation to the Early Middle Ages.
External links
Classics journals
Annual journals
English-language journals
Publications established in 1967
Cambridge University Press academic journals
Raorchestes silentvalley or Silent Valley bushfrog is a species of tree frog endemic to the Nilgiri Hills of southern India and belongs to the species-rich Asian genus Raorchestes. The species was described in June, 2016 and has been found to have a very restricted distribution on the southwestern slopes of the Nilgiri Hills in the Silent Valley National Park. These frogs are variable in colour but distinct in pattern and calls.
The species was described from the southern edge of the Nilgiris in the Silent Valley region. They are variable in colour but are green above with patterns of black blotches and spots. The underside is yellow with black or purple spots and streaks. The toe-pads are purplish. They have a distinct advertisement call given from tree perches at about 2 metres above the ground.
References
silentvalley
Amphibians described in 2016
A Night on the Town may refer to:
A Night on the Town (film) (1987), UK title of the film Adventures in Babysitting
A Night on the Town (Bruce Hornsby album), Bruce Hornsby and the Range's third album, released in 1990
A Night on the Town (Rod Stewart album), Rod Stewart's seventh album, released in 1976
"A Night on the Town", a song by The Dear Hunter from the 2015 album Act IV: Rebirth in Reprise
A Night on the Town, a 1983 TV movie with Eartha Kitt
A Night on the Town, a 1972 album by Brownsville Station
The Michigan Road was one of the earliest roads in Indiana. Roads in early Indiana were often roads in name only. In actuality they were sometimes little more than crude paths following old animal and Native American trails and filled with sinkholes, stumps, and deep, entrapping ruts. Hoosier leaders, however, recognized the importance of roads to the growth and economic health of the state, and the needed improvements. They encouraged construction of roads which would do for Indiana what the National Road was doing for the whole country.
As early as 1821 the legislature earmarked funds for more than two dozen roads throughout the state. Road building was often the responsibility of the counties, which were empowered to call out a local labor force for construction and provide road viewers, or supervisors.
History
Indiana's first "superhighway" was the Michigan Road, which was built in the 1830s and 1840s and ran from Madison to Michigan City via Indianapolis. Like the National Road, it did much to spur settlement and economic growth. Half of the pioneers to settle northwestern Indiana did so by using the Michigan Road to travel from the Ohio River to their destination. It was the "most ambitious" project to connect Indianapolis with the rest of the state.
One of the things that made the road possible was a treaty the state of Indiana forged with the Pottawatomie on October 16, 1826. Governor James B. Ray led the negotiations. It allowed for a ribbon of land wide to stretch from the Ohio River (at Madison) to Lake Michigan (Michigan City). The Pottawatomie left the region by that very road when the last of their tribe was forcibly removed in the 1838 Pottawatomie Trail of Death.
A commission was selected in 1828 to route the road from Indianapolis to Lake Michigan. It was told to make the trailhead be the best harbor, preferably natural, that could be had with Lake Michigan. The Kankakee River's swamp posed a problem for the construction of the road, forcing the commission to avoid a more direct northwesterly route and instead have it go from Logansport, straight up to the south bend of the St Joseph River (now the city of South Bend), and then west to Lake Michigan. Michigan City was formally selected to be the trailend in 1832.
The route from Madison to Indianapolis was straighter. From Madison it went north through Ripley and Jefferson counties straight to Napoleon, and from there straight through Shelby County to Indianapolis.
It proved to be the preferred route to Indianapolis for 34 separate counties, even through the road went through only 14 counties. In 1836, the Indiana General Assembly passed the Mammoth Internal Improvement Act, which provided funds to pave the entire length of the road. However, the economic difficulties brought on by overspending and the Panic of 1837 caused the state to enter partial bankruptcy before the entire length could be paved. The situation forced Indiana to give control of the road to the individual counties as part of a plan to avoid losing it to the state's creditors.
Today
State Road 29, originally much longer, followed the route from Madison to Bryantsburg, and from Napoleon in the south to Logansport in the north. State Road 25 followed the original route to Rochester, and U.S. Route 31 followed the original route from Rochester to South Bend. State Road 2 and U.S. Route 20 follow the original road from South Bend to Michigan City.
The later U.S. Route 421 replaced Indiana State Road 29 from Madison to near Boyleston. The original route for US 421 was altered when Interstate 465 was constructed. A more "truck friendly" route was also built from Madison to North Madison.
The original US 31 has been bypassed in several locations, most notably, in terms of the Michigan Road, from Rochester to north of Plymouth. SR 29 from the south into Logansport has been decommissioned, as has the entire route (that which remains) from the junction of I-74 and US 421 north of Greensburg to the junction of I-465 and US 421 on the northwest side of Indianapolis.
In Indianapolis, a few remnants of the road still remain. A tollhouse stands just north of the White River. It was erected by the Augusta Gravel Road Company to recoup its costs in repairing the road.
A monument marking the intersection of the Michigan Road and the National Road sits at the corner of Washington Street and Southeastern Avenue near downtown Indianapolis. The monument was relocated slightly as part of the changes to Interstate 65 exits in 2008.
The road received a State Byway Designation in 2011.
See also
Buffalo Trace (road)
Michigan Avenue or the Chicago Road, an early road connecting Detroit and Chicago
Sycamore Row (road)
References
External links
Historic trails and roads in Indiana
Streets in Indianapolis
{{Infobox drug
| drug_name = Phenserine
| type =
| IUPAC_name = (3aS,8aR)-1,3a,8-Trimethyl-1H,2H,3H,3aH,8H,8aH-pyrrolo[2,3-b]indol-5-yl N''-phenylcarbamate
| image = Phenserine.svg
| width =
| alt =
| caption =
| pronounce =
| tradename =
| Drugs.com =
| MedlinePlus =
| licence_EU =
| licence_US =
| DailyMedID =
| pregnancy_AU =
| pregnancy_AU_comment =
| pregnancy_US =
| pregnancy_US_comment =
| pregnancy_category =
| legal_AU =
| legal_AU_comment =
| legal_BR =
| legal_BR_comment =
| legal_CA =
| legal_CA_comment =
| legal_DE =
| legal_DE_comment =
| legal_NZ =
| legal_NZ_comment =
| legal_UK =
| legal_UK_comment =
| legal_US =
| legal_UN =
| legal_US_comment =
| legal_UN_comment =
| legal_status = Investigational
| dependency_liability =
| addiction_liability =
| routes_of_administration = By mouth
| bioavailability = ~100%
| protein_bound =
| metabolism = liver
| metabolites = (−)-N1-norphenserine, (−)-N8-norphenserine, (−)-N1,N8-bisnorphenserine
| onset =
| elimination_half-life = 12.6 minutes
| duration_of_action = 8.25 hours
| excretion = renal or hepatic clearance
| CAS_number = 101246-66-6
| CAS_supplemental =
| ATCvet =
| ATC_prefix =
| ATC_suffix =
| ATC_supplemental =
| PubChem = 192706
| PubChemSubstance =
| IUPHAR_ligand =
| DrugBank = DB04892
| ChemSpiderID = 167225
| UNII = SUE285UG3S
| KEGG =
| ChEBI =
| ChEMBL = 74926
| NIAID_ChemDB =
| PDB_ligand =
| synonyms = (-)-Phenserine, (-)-Eseroline phenylcarbamate, N-phenylcarbamoyleseroline, N-phenylcarbamoyl eseroline
| chemical_formula =
| C = 20
| H = 23
| N = 3
| O = 2
| charge =
| molecular_weight = 337.4155
| SMILES = [H][C@]12N(C)CC[C@@]1(C)C1=C(C=CC(OC(=O)NC3=CC=CC=C3)=C1)N2C
| StdInChI = InChI=1S/C20H23N3O2/c1-20-11-12-22(2)18(20)23(3)17-10-9-15(13-16(17)20)25-19(24)21-14-7-5-4-6-8-14/h4-10,13,18H,11-12H2,1-3H3,(H,21,24)/t18-,20+/m1/s1
| StdInChI_comment =
| StdInChIKey = PBHFNBQPZCRWQP-QUCCMNQESA-N
| density =
| density_notes =
| melting_point = 150
| melting_high =
| melting_notes =
| solubility =
| specific_rotation =
| INN =
| licence_CA =
| class =
| Jmol =
| sol_units =
}}Phenserine (also known as (-)-phenserine or (-)-eseroline phenylcarbamate''') is a synthetic drug which has been investigated as a medication to treat Alzheimer's disease (AD), as the drug exhibits neuroprotective and neurotrophic effects.
The research of phenserine, initially patented by the National Institute on Aging (NIA), has been suspended since phase III of clinical trials in 2006, conducted right after the drug licenses were issued. The abandonment of the clinical trials led to disapproval by FDA. The retrospective meta-analysis of the phenserine research proposed that its clinical invalidation was arisen from methodological issues that were not impeccably settled before proceeding to the subsequent clinical phases.
Phenserine was introduced as an inhibitor of acetylcholinesterase (AChE) and demonstrated significant alleviation in numerous neuropathological manifestations, improving cognitive functions of the brain. The ameliorative mechanism involves both cholinergic and non-cholinergic pathways.
The clinical translatable doses of phenserine show relatively high tolerability and rarely manifest severe adverse effects. With respect to overdosing of the drug (20 mg/kg), a few cholinergic adverse effects were reported, including nausea and tremor which are not life-threatening.
An administration form of phenserine, (-)-phenserine tartrate, which exhibits high bioavailability and solubility, is taken by mouth. Phenserine and its metabolites can readily access the brain with high permeability across the blood-brain barrier and sustain to act for a long duration with the relatively short half-life. Posiphen ((+)-phenserine), the enantiomer of (-)-phenserine, is also a potential drug by itself or synergically with (-)-phenserine, to mitigate the progression of neurological diseases, mainly Alzheimer's disease.
History
Phenserine was first investigated as a substitute for physostigmine which failed to satisfy the clinical standards for treating Alzheimer's disease, and developed into more compatible remedy. It was initially invented by Nigel Greig whose laboratory is affiliated with the National Institute on Aging (NIA) under the US National Institutes of Health (NIH) which subsequently released a patent of phenserine as an AChE inhibitor in 1995. During phase I in 2000, the supplementary patent regarding its inhibitory mechanism upon β-amyloid precursor protein (APP) synthesis was added. Following 6 years of phase I and II trials, Axonyx Corporation had licensed phenserine to Daewoong Pharmaceutical and QR Pharma (later adopted new corporation name, Annovis Bio) companies in 2006, which then planned to undertake phase III trial and merchandize the drug. However, the clinical deficits ̶ representatively from a double-blinded, placebo-controlled and 7-month phase III trial which had been conducted on 377 mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease patients across Austria, Croatia, Spain, and UK ̶ were discovered and no significance was exhibited for the drug efficacy. This led to the relinquishment of phenserine development, merely displaying its marketable potential.
Approval status
Phenserine failed in phase III of Alzheimer's disease-aimed clinical trials and there has yet been no promise of the trial resumption since 2006. The methodological problems of trials are frequently speculated as the principal reason for the failure of FDA approval as well as the scarcity of Alzheimer's disease drugs. The underlying complications are generated by an inordinate variance in clinical outcomes and poor determination in optimal dosing.
Intra and inter-site variations were incurred by a lack of baseline evaluation and longitudinal assessment on placebo groups. This produced an inadequate power and, thus, appeared to have insufficient statistical significance. In light of the dose determination, the criteria for human subject engagement was not meticulously established before dosing and the effective dose range was not completely established in phase I and II, yet still persisting to phase III. Compared to other Alzheimer's disease drugs, such as donepenzil, tancrine and metrifonate, the clinical advancement of phenserine involves comparably high compliance in outcome measures and protocol regimentation on methods and the clinical phase transition.
Pharmacological benefits
Phenserine was invented as the Alzheimer's disease-oriented treatment in particular, and also proven to have alleviative effects upon other neurological disorders, Parkinson's disease, dementia and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. The administration of phenserine within the short delay of the disease onset was shown to diminish the severity of neurodegeneration and accompanying cognitive impairments. Its post-injury intervention at clinical translatable doses has been shown to significantly mitigate various neurodegenerative manifestations, preventing chronic deterioration in cognitive functions. The collective neuropathological cascades in the brain are either naturally occurring or provoked by mild or moderate traumatic brain injuries, such as concussion, diffuse axonal injury, ischemic and hypoxic brain injuries The traumatic brain injuries have been substantially examined and induced to form test groups in phenserine research. They are highly correlated with the onset of neurodegenerative disorders, precipitating cognitive, and behavioral impairments.
Phenserine was proven to mitigate the multiple cascades of neuropathology, triggered by traumatic brain injuries, via both cholinergic and non-cholinergic mechanisms.
Pharmacodynamics (mechanism of action)
Cholinergic mechanism
Phenserine serves as an acetylcholinesterase (AChE) inhibitor which selectively acts on the acetylcholinesterase enzyme. It prevents acetylcholine from being hydrolyzed by the enzyme and enables the neurotransmitter to be further retained at the synaptic clefts. Such mechanism promotes the cholinergic neuronal circuits to be activated and thereby enhances memory and cognition in Alzheimer's subjects.
Non-cholinergic mechanism
In clinical trials, phenserine was demonstrated to alleviate neurodegeneration, repressing the programmed neuronal cell death and enhancing the stem cell survival and differentiation. The alleviation can be achieved by increase in levels of neurotrophic BDNF and anti-apoptotic protein, Bcl-2, which subsequently reduces expressions of pro-apoptotic factors, GFAP and activates caspase 3. The treatment also suppresses the levels of Alzheimer's disease-inducing proteins which are β-amyloid precursor protein (APP) and Aβ peptide. The drug interaction with the APP gene mediates the expression of both APP and its following product, Aβ protein. This regulating action reverses the glial cell-favored differentiation and increases the neuronal cell output.
Phenserine also attenuates the neuroinflammation which involves the excessive activation of microglial cells to remove the cellular wastes from injury lesions. The accumulation of the activated glia near the site of brain injury is unnecessarily prolonged, stimulating the oxidative stress. The inflammatory response was significantly weakened with the introduction of phenserine, which was evidenced with discouraged expression of pro-inflammatory markers, IBA 1 and TNF-α. The disrupted integrity of the blood brain barrier by a degrading chemical, MMP-9, leading to neuroinflammation, is restored by phenserine as well.
The alpha-synucleins, the toxic aggregates resulting from the protein misfolding, are highly observed in Parkinson's disease. The drug therapy was proven to neutralize the toxicity of alpha-synucleins via protein translation, alleviating the symptoms of the disease.
Dosage
Clinically, the translatable dose of phenserine was primarily employed within a range of 1 to 5 mg/kg where the unit calibration took account of the body surface area. This standard dose range was generally well tolerated in long term trials by neuronal cell cultures, animal models and humans. Increment in dosing by 10 mg/kg is still tolerated without instigating any physiological implication. The maximal administration of phenserine up to 15 mg/kg was reported in rats.
Overdose
The dose of 20 mg/kg and above are appraised as overdosing in which cholinergic adverse effects ensue.
The symptoms of overdosing includes:
Nausea
Vomiting
Dizziness
Tremors
Bradycardia
Mild symptoms were notified in clinical trials but no other seriously considerable adverse effects were expressed. Tremor was also noted as one of the dose-limiting actions.
Chemistry
Pharmacokinetics
Oral bioavailability of phenserine was shown to be very high, up to 100%. Its bioavailability was tested by computing the drug's delivery rate across the rat's blood brain barrier. The drug concentration, reached in the brain, is 10-fold higher than plasma levels, verifying phenserine as a brain-permeable AChE inhibitor.
Relative to its short plasma half life of 8 to 12 minutes, phenserine exhibits a long duration of action with the half-life of 8.25 hours in which the hindering effect on AChE is time-dependently faded. With the administration of phenserine, 70% or higher AChE inhibitory action in the blood was observed in preclinical studies and with systemic phenserine administration, the extracellular ACh level in the striatum increased up to three times. Through PET studies and microdialysis, the compound's brain permeability was able to be further elucidated.
Enantiomer (posiphen)
(-)-Phenserine, generally referred to phenserine, acts as an active enantiomer for the inhibition of acetylcholinesterase (AChE) while posiphen, its alternative enantiomer, was comparably demonstrated as a poor AChE inhibitor.
In the history of posiphen research, several companies were interactively involved. In 2005, an Investigational New Drug (IND) application of posiphen was filed with FDA by TorreyPines Therapeutics while its phase I trial on animal models had been implemented by Axonyx. Axonyx and TorreyPines Therapeutics officially signed for their merger agreement in 2006 and licensed the drug to QR Pharma in 2008. The clinical trials of posiphen against Alzheimer's disease are still underway.
Although the ongoing clinical trials yet have affirmed if posiphen can be pursued as a novel Alzheimer's disease's treatment, posiphen has demonstrated its potential by impeding neurodegenerative mechanisms. Posiphen performs in a noncholinergic manner, including but not limited to, the suppressing action on APP translation and β-secretase Activity. The β-secretase Activity is instigated by the accumulation of Aβ peptides which are augmented along with aging of the human brain. In clinical demonstrations with brain cell-lines, two contrasting forms showed the noncholinergic mechanism to an equal extent, with respect to their potency and efficacy.
Posiphen is relatively well tolerated with the administration of doses, even higher than the maximally tolerable dose of (-)-phenserine. In vivo, the levels of APP protein in the cortex were reduced by posiphen with an ED50 (median Effective Dose). The β-secretase activity in the mouse brain also could be reduced with elevated doses of 35 and 50 mg/kg. Overall, the dose range from 10 mg to 160 mg of posiphen is well tolerated and generally adopted in clinical uses. With higher doses, supralinear increase of plasma levels was shown, indicating the saturable metabolism, which is a factor related to toxicity. Studies have shown that plasma levels of posiphen reducing brain Aβ levels are equal or greater in humans than mice. Once posiphen is exceedingly dosed over 160 mg, gastro-intestinal related symptoms including nausea and vomiting, were manifested. The drug additionally presents the rapid absorption rate, occurred within an hour or two. Pharmacokinetics of posiphen was overall kept linear.
Interactions
Currently, 282 drugs have been reported to make interactions with phenserine.
Current research
A 5-year double blinded, donepezil-controlled clinical study for validation of Alzheimer's disease course modification using phenserine has been undertaken as from 2018, involving 200 patients in the UK and US. The study aims to reduce variation in AD therapeutic response between patients via optimal dose formulation.
References
Alzheimer's disease research
Neuroprotective agents
Neurotrophic factors
The 1971 Hammersmith Council election took place on 13 May 1971 to elect members of Hammersmith London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained overall control of the council.
Election result
The Labour Party won 58 seats - a gain of 52 seats from the previous election, taking control of the council.
The Conservative Party won 2 seats (the Avonmore ward) - a loss of 52 seats from their previous result, and lost control of the council.
The Liberal Party stood candidates in three wards, and a single candidate stood for the Communist Party, but none of these won a seat.
Ward results
Addison
Avonmore
Broadway
Brook Green
Colehill
College Park & Old Oak
Coningham
Crabtree
Gibbs Green
Grove
Halford
Margravine
Parsons Green
St Stephen's
Sandford
Sherbrooke
Starch Green
Sulivan
Town
White City
Wormholt
References
1971
1971 London Borough council elections
20th century in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham
Jinping Road () is a station on Line 5 of the Shanghai Metro. It is situated on the branch service of the line, between and . Passengers can transfer to the main line at Dongchuan Road. However, since 26 December 2020, this is not the case, as trains have resumed service all the way to Xinzhuang.
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Shanghai Metro stations in Minhang District
Railway stations in China opened in 2003
Line 5, Shanghai Metro
Abayab Nattyadal is a Bangladeshi Bengali theatre group. The group was founded on 4 April 1997. The theatre group has staged more than 20 plays. Their first play was Khun.
Productions
(in alphabetical order)
Bhimrati
Bhumadhyasagar
Khun
References
Bengali theatre groups
Theatre companies in Bangladesh
Karijotas or Koriat (baptized Michal; died between 1358 and 1363) was the Duke of Navahrudak () and Vaŭkavysk (), one of the sons of Gediminas, Grand Duke of Lithuania.
According to Polish historian Jan Tęgowski, he was born probably between 1305 and 1308. He was baptized before 1349.
In 1349 Algirdas sent him along with two sons, Aikštas or Eikšis from Eišiškės and Simeon from Svislach, to Jani Beg, Khan of the Golden Horde, to negotiate an alliance against the Teutonic Knights and rising Grand Duchy of Moscow. However, Jani Beg handed Karijotas over to Simeon of Russia for a ransom.
Family
It is unclear how many children Karijotas had. The number varies between 4 and 10. Reliable data is available about four: Aleksander, George, Konstantin, and Fedir, who helped Algirdas, Grand Duke of Lithuania, to defeat the Tatars in the Battle of Blue Waters in 1363. In return, they received Podolia. Aleksander (died ca. 1380) was involved in the Galicia–Volhynia Wars between his uncle Liubartas and Casimir III of Poland. In 1366 Aleksander received Volodymyr-Volynskyi from Casimir for his service against his uncle. Only four years later, after Casimir's death, Liubartas recaptured the city. George (died in 1375 in Moldavia) at first assisted Aleksander, but was poisoned soon after accepting an invitation to become the ruler of Moldavia. Kostantin, after the Union of Krewo in 1385, moved to Hungary and died there ca. 1389. Fedir (died in 1414) inherited Navahrudak from his father and after other brothers were dead ca. 1389, became ruler of all Podolia. In 1392 he disobeyed Vytautas the Great and had to run to Hungary, where he ruled Mukachevo and built Palanok Castle. Dmitri Bobrok is also frequently listed as one of Koriat's sons.
See also
Family of Gediminas – family tree of Karijotas
Gediminids
References
Gediminids
14th-century deaths
Year of birth unknown
The Saint-Louis Photography Museum (French: Musée de la Photographie de Saint-Louis) is a museum located in Saint-Louis, Senegal. It is the first museum in Senegal dedicated to photography.
History
The museum was founded by Amadou Diaw, who also founded the Saint-Louis Forum and Dakar Management Higher Institute, with the intention of preserving the architectural heritage of the city. One of the reasons the museum was opened was to pay tribute to photographers such as Mama Casset and Meissa Gaye. The museum building is in the typical post-20th century architecture style of the island of Saint-Louis. The museum was opened in November 2017. In a 2018 interview with the museum's director at the time, Salimata Diop, the city of Saint-Louis was chosen to site the museum because of the city's history with photography, in which the first camera sent to Senegal was received by this city in 1863 by the Ministry of Marine and Colonial Affairs.
Collections
The museum has exhibited photographs from Amadou Diaw's personal collection as well as photographs from the early days of Saint-Louis. The museum has a diverse collection of photographs from various African countries. It contains photographs of the 1977 crowning of emperor Jean-Bédel Bokassa and of Senegal's beauty dating back to the 1930s. The museum has a contemporary photography section, with photos by Malika Diagana, Joana Choumali, Fabrice Monteiro, and Omar Victor Diop. The museum contains black-and-white portraits of Senegalese women between the 1930s and 1950s; the exhibition is entitled "Reveries of Yesterday, Dreams of the Present" (French: Rêveries d'Hier, Songes du Présent). The museum has also exhibited photographs by Siaka Soppo Traoré, Malick Welli, Mário Macilau, Laeila Adjovi, and David Uzochukwu. The museum contains a collection of photographs from the golden age of photo studios in Saint-Louis. In 2018, the museum organized an exhibition dedicated to the Ghanaian photographer James Barnor.
References
Museums in Africa
Museums in Senegal
Photography museums and galleries
The Cape Government Railways 3rd Class 4-4-0 of 1898 was a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Cape of Good Hope.
In 1898, the Cape Government Railways placed six 3rd Class Wynberg Tender locomotives with a 4-4-0 American type wheel arrangement in service. They were intended for passenger service on the suburban lines in Cape Town.
Simon's Town line
The original 1864 suburban line from Salt River to Wynberg was extended to Muizenberg in 1882, to Kalkbaai in 1883 and all the way to Simon's Town in 1890.
The resulting increase in suburban traffic led to a requirement for more locomotives, while the additional distance to be covered necessitated the introduction of larger and more powerful locomotives with a larger fuel and water capacity than that of the existing 2nd Class Wynberg Tanks of 1882.
Manufacturer
Cape Government Railways (CGR) Chief Locomotive Superintendent Michael Stephens retired in 1895. Shortly after being appointed as his successor in 1896, H.M. Beatty drew up detailed designs for a new passenger locomotive for suburban service in Cape Town.
For his first locomotive design as Chief Locomotive Superintendent, Beatty decided on a larger version of the 3rd Class which had been introduced on the CGR in 1889. An order for six of these engines was placed with Neilson and Company in Glasgow. The locomotives were delivered in 1898, numbered in the range from 12 to 17.
The locomotives became known as the Wynberg Tenders. They were designed with reverse running in mind, with a weatherboard mounted on the tender front to protect the crew from the elements when running tender first and with a cowcatcher and headlight mounted on the rear end of the tender.
Service
When the Union of South Africa was established on 31 May 1910, the three Colonial government railways (CGR, Natal Government Railways and Central South African Railways) were united under a single administration to control and administer the railways, ports and harbours of the Union. Although the South African Railways and Harbours came into existence in 1910, the actual classification and renumbering of all the rolling stock of the three constituent railways were only implemented with effect from 1 January 1912.
In 1912, the locomotives were considered obsolete by the SAR, designated Class 03 and renumbered by having the numeral "0" prefixed to their existing numbers. In SAR service, they continued to work suburban trains. Two of them, numbers 015 and 016, were scrapped in 1916 but, despite being considered obsolete, the other four survived in service until after 1931.
They remained working on the Simon's Town line until the trains became too heavy for them. They were then used to work the Malmesbury line until they were withdrawn from service.
Work numbers
The works number, original numbers and renumbering of the Cape 3rd Class of 1898 are listed in the table.
References
0290
0290
4-4-0 locomotives
2′B n2 locomotives
Neilson locomotives
Cape gauge railway locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1898
1898 in South Africa
Scrapped locomotives
The vestiarion (, from , "wardrobe"), sometimes with the adjectives basilikon ("imperial") or mega ("great"), was one of the major fiscal departments of the Byzantine bureaucracy. In English, it is often known as the department of the Public Wardrobe. Originating from the late Roman palace office of the sacrum vestiarium, it became an independent department in the 7th century under a chartoularios. By the late Byzantine period, it had become the state's sole treasury department. The public vestiarion must not be confused with the Byzantine emperor's private wardrobe, the oikeiakon vestiarion, which was headed by the prōtovestiarios.
History and functions
The bureau of the sacrum vestiarium (Latin for "sacred wardrobe") is first attested as one of the scrinia under the comes sacrarum largitionum in the 5th century, and was then headed by a primicerius. In the 7th century, as the old Roman departments were broken up, the sacrum vestiarium and the bureaus of the scrinium argenti and scrinium a milarensibus, which supervised the mints, were combined to form the department of the vestiarion, under the chartoularios tou vestiariou (). This official is variously known in the sources also as vestiarios (βεστιάριος) and [epi tou] vestiariou (). The office of vestiariou, attested in the late 13th and 14th centuries by George Pachymeres and Pseudo-Kodinos, however, was apparently a distinct and independent office, which function as the paymaster of the naval ships and apparently corresponds to that of "prefect of the army" () attested in the 6th century as army paymasters.
The vestiarion functioned parallel to the other state fiscal departments, the sakellion and the various logothesia, and was responsible for minting coin and bullion, as well as the maintenance of imperial arsenals in Constantinople and the provisioning of the imperial fleet and army. In effect, the vestiarion functioned parallel to the sakellion; salaries for instance were paid one half by each department. In the 12th century, the vestiarion became the sole state treasury, and was commonly referred to simply as the tameion ("treasury"). As such it survived into the Palaiologan period, when its chairman (prokathēmenos) was in charge of "revenue and expenditure".
Organization
The information on the department's internal structure during the middle Byzantine period (late 7th-11th centuries) comes primarily from the Klētorologion of Philotheos, a list of offices compiled in 899. Under the department head, the chartoularios tou vestiariou entails:
A number of basilikoi notarioi of the sekreton (), imperial notaries at the head of sub-departments, corresponding to the late Roman primiscrinii.
A kentarchos (Greek: , "centurion of the vestiarion") and a legatarios (Greek: λεγατάριος), of unknown functions.
An archon tēs charagēs (Greek: , "master of the mint"). The same official is probably identifiable with the chrysoepsētēs attested elsewhere in Philotheos and in the earlier Taktikon Uspensky.
The chartoularios in charge of the exartēsis, the imperial naval arsenal. Also known as the exartistēs (Greek: ).
A number of kouratores ("curators").
A number of chosvaētai (Greek: ), of unknown functions. Their strange title may be a corruption of vestiaritai ("men of the vestiarion").
A number of mandatores (Greek: μανδάτορες, "messengers"), under a prōtomandatōr.
References
Sources
Government of the Byzantine Empire
Byzantine fiscal offices
The 1893 Greensburg Athletic Association season was their fourth season in existence. The team's record for this season is largely unknown.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Greensburg Athletic Association
Greensburg Athletic Association seasons
Greensburg Athletic Association
Cheenavala () is a 1975 Indian Malayalam-language film, produced and directed by Kunchacko. The film stars Prem Nazir, Jayabharathi, K. P. A. C. Lalitha and Adoor Bhasi. The film has musical score and songs composed by M. K. Arjunan.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Pushkaran
Jayabharathi as Pennaal
K. P. A. C. Lalitha as Maanikki
Adoor Bhasi as Pappu
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Richman Rana
Pattom Sadan as Mohan
Sankaradi as Konthi
Adoor Pankajam as Karthyayani
Janardanan as Rowdi Paachan
K. P. Ummer as Prathapachandran
Kunchan as Madhu
Kuthiravattam Pappu as Fernandes
Meena as Paaru
Nellikode Bhaskaran as Ayyappan
Arur Sathyan
Sathi as sheela
T. S. Radhamani
Soundtrack
References
External links
1975 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
The Islamic Republic of Iran Navy Aviation (IRINA) () or Havadarya () is the air component of the Islamic Republic of Iran Navy. It is one of the few air elements in any Persian Gulf navy, and has both fixed-wing aircraft and armed helicopters.
Aircraft
American aircraft types were introduced to the inventory, in the 1960s and 1970s: with European made aircraft comprising the more modern part of the fleet. Anti-submarine warfare (ASW) helicopters seem to be focused more on a transport role than actual ASW.
References
http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/world/iran/ships.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20161022141734/http://www.63rdvfs.com/INoob.html
Military aviation in Iran
Islamic Republic of Iran Navy
Naval aviation services
Beth Reekles (pen name of Beth Reeks, born 7 June 1995) is a Welsh author of young adult fiction.
Biography
Beth Reekles was born on 7 June 1995 and grew up in Newport, Wales where she attended local primary school Mount Pleasant Primary and comprehensive Bassaleg School. She graduated from Exeter University with a degree in Physics.
When Reekles was 15, having grown tired of stories of "vampires and werewolves", she wrote her first young adult novel, The Kissing Booth, publishing it chapter by chapter on Wattpad, a story sharing site. The novel was immensely popular, winning the Wattpad 2011 prize for Most Popular Teen Fiction, and when she was 17, she was offered a three-book contract by Penguin Random House. The Kissing Booth was published by Penguin Random House in 2012, followed by Rolling Dice and Out of Tune. A year later, she was named by Time magazine as one of "The 16 Most Influential Teens of 2013".
She was named in The Times as one of the "Top 25 under 20 The new icons of a generation" in 2014.
The Kissing Booth was adapted for film, also titled The Kissing Booth, which premiered on Netflix in 2018. A sequel The Kissing Booth 2: Going the Distance was published in 2020 and a film adaptation, The Kissing Booth 2, premiered on Netflix the same year. A third film The Kissing Booth 3: One Last Time accompanied by a book was released on 11 August 2021. Reekles's first adult novel, Love, Locked Down, was published by Sphere Books in February 2022.
Major works
The Kissing Booth (2012)
Rolling Dice (2013)
Out of Tune (2014)
The Kissing Booth 2: Going the Distance (2020)
The Kissing Booth 3: One Last Time (2021)
Love, Locked Down (2022)
Seven days of you (2022)
Notes
References
1995 births
Living people
20th-century Welsh people
20th-century Welsh women
21st-century Welsh novelists
21st-century Welsh women writers
21st-century Welsh writers
People from Newport, Wales
Welsh women novelists
Women writers of young adult literature
British writers of young adult literature
Alumni of the University of Exeter
Pseudonymous women writers
21st-century pseudonymous writers
The rusty-backed monjita (Neoxolmis rubetra) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae.
It is endemic to Argentina. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and pastureland.
Taxonomy
This species was formerly placed in the genus Xolmis. Following the publication of a molecular phylogenetic study in 2020, it was one of three species moved to Neoxolmis.
References
Neoxolmis
Birds of Argentina
Endemic fauna of Argentina
Birds described in 1860
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Hermann Burmeister
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Manuel Gomes (born 12 August 1966) is an Angolan boxer. He competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Angolan male boxers
Olympic boxers of Angola
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
People from Cuanza Sul Province
Bantamweight boxers
Zoe Jeanneau Canto (born 1993), also known as La Zowi, is a Spanish trap musician.
Biography
La Zowi was born in Paris, France and raised in Granada, Spain, although she has lived in diverse European cities such as Marseille, London, Barcelona and Madrid, where she currently resides. She is the daughter of artists (her mother is a feminist poet and her father, Patrice Jean Marcel Jeanneau, a flamenco guitarist known as El Yerbita). She grew up listening to Flamenco, which, according to her, "has been my environment and my way of life. Latin and African music have also become the basis of my references."
She also has a child called Romeo with the Spanish rapper Yung Beef.
Musical career
She began her musical career creating music with friends, among whom were the members of Pxxr Gvng. She speaks mainly of social issues associated to trap music, such as drugs, money and putas (bitches in Spanish). In several interviews she has expressed that she does not like her own voice. In her lyrics, social constructs such as money, putas, drugs and her "goonies" are repeated throughout her songs. Her most common catchphrase is "La Zowi Puta".
She released her first track "Raxeta" in 2013 through YouTube. The word "raxeta" is a loanword re-appropriation of the English word "ratchet", a term from Louisianan African American Vernacular English, which denotes any combination of trashiness, a working-class sensibility, and authenticity (especially of the Black American experience). "For me, a ratchet is someone like me, a humble neighborhood girl who wears cheap clothes and imitations of luxury brands, and does it provocatively." She has collaborated with almost every artist associated with La Vendicion Records, such as Bea Pelea and La Goony Chonga, and has worked recurrently with producers Zora Jones and Mark Luva.
On November 22 she released her first mixtape, titled "Ama de casa", published through the same label. The mixtape has vocal features from Albany, Flynt Hustle and GOA, as well as the producers DP Beats, Steve Lean, Barla, Oddlaw or Tweak.
La Zowi, together with Alizzz, were also in charge of introducing the second season of the musical show El Bloque TV, which is broadcast on YouTube.
In one of her interviews with WAG1 Magazine in 2016, La Zowi defined what trap was for her, a movement that gone viral during that year. According to what the artist commented, trap is "money and drugs" but also a way for women to empower.
In 2020, she released her debut album called "Elite" and goes back to the talk show La Resistencia to present it. It is a 9-song album which mixes her distinctive concepts with experimental electronic sounds. Zora Jones, Pablo Chill-E and Paul Marmota are some artists that have collaborations in Elite.
She debuted as an actress in the Spanish TV series Cristina La Veneno, created by Los Javis (Javier Ambrossi and Javier Calvo), playing the role of Sonia Monroy, a famous Spanish television character.
In 2022, she was a guest judge on season 2 of Drag Race España.
Thematic and controversies
In an interview for "INDIE" la Zowi has described herself as a feminist, supporting women who sexualize themselves. Regarding her music and lyricism, she has stated that it relies a lot on her lifestyle and thought-provoking material.
She described herself as a feminist: "Yes, I am a feminist: I believe in equality between women and men. But I really don't feel represented by the kind of feminism that tries to embarrass women who sexualize themselves."
In January 2019, comedian David Broncano interviewed her on the TV program La Resistencia. The interview caused controversial reactions on social networks, especially through Twitter. A few days later, Yolanda Domínguez published an article in the HuffPost entitled "Is La Zowi a feminist icon?", criticizing the feminism proclaimed by the singer, who declares that she faces sexism in the industry with her lyrics. She has also been criticized because of her shows for being too punk, sexual and explicit.
Discography
Mixtapes
Ama de casa (2018)
Élite (2020)
Singles
Ratxeta (2013)
Oye papi (2016)
Mi chulo (2016)
Obra de arte (2016)
Random hoe (2016)
La chismoteka (2017)
Money hoe (2017)
High (2017)
Tu y yo (2017)
Bitch te quemas (2017)
Llámame (2018)
Filet Mignon (2020)
Full time (2020)
Sugar mami (2020)
Nada (2020)
Sin modales (2021)
As featured artist
"Demonic" (Single by Namasenda)
References
Spanish musicians
Living people
1993 births
Spanish people of French descent
Neoperreo musicians
The 1955–56 Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball team represented the University of Kansas during the 1955–56 college men's basketball season. The season was the Jayhawks first full season in Allen Fieldhouse and final season under head coach Phog Allen, who was forced to retire after the season.
Roster
Maurice King
Gene Elstun
Dallas Dobbs
Lew Johnson
Ron Johnston
Bill Brainard
John Parker
Eddie Dater
Lee Green
Bob Lockley
John Cleland
Harry Jett
Blaine Hollinger
Jim Toft
Gary Mowry
Mark Boxberger
Schedule
References
Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball seasons
Kansas
Kansas
Kansas
Pleasure is the sole studio album by Girls at Our Best!, released in 1981 by Happy Birthday Records. It reached No. 60 in the UK Albums Chart.
Reception
A retrospective AllMusic review described the album as an "underrated delight" and compared the sound to Siouxsie and the Banshees and Gang of Four. Another, by the Louder Than War website, described it as "short, spikey pop" and a "well-crafted album".
Track listing
"Pleasure"
"Too Big for Your Boots"
"I'm Beautiful Now"
"Waterbed Babies"
"Fun-City Teenagers"
"£600,000"
"Heaven"
"China Blue"
"Fast Boyfriends"
"She Flipped"
"Goodbye to That Jazz"
References
External links
Album lyrics
1981 debut albums
Girls at Our Best! albums
Clinch County is a county located in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 6,798. The county seat is Homerville. The county was created on February 14, 1850, named in honor of Duncan Lamont Clinch.
With just 8.5 people per square mile (land), Clinch has one of the lowest population densities of any county in Georgia.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.9%) is water. It is the fourth-largest county in Georgia by land area and third-largest by total area. Eastern and southeastern portions of the county lie within the Okefenokee Swamp and its federally protected areas.
The vast majority of Clinch County is located in the Upper Suwannee River sub-basin of the Suwannee River basin, with just a portion of the western and northwestern edge of the county, southwest and well northwest of Du Pont, located in the Alapaha River sub-basin of the same Suwannee River basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 84
U.S. Route 221
U.S. Route 441
State Route 31
State Route 37
State Route 38
State Route 89
State Route 94
State Route 122
State Route 168
State Route 177
State Route 187
Adjacent counties
Atkinson County (north)
Ware County (east)
Columbia County, Florida (south)
Baker County, Florida (south)
Echols County (southwest)
Lanier County (west)
National protected area
Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 6,878 people, 2,512 households, and 1,823 families living in the county. The population density was 8 people per square mile (3/km2). There were 2,837 housing units at an average density of 4 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 68.93% White or European American, 29.50% Black or African American, 0.51% Native American, 0.12% Asian, 0.10% from other races, and 0.84% from two or more races. 0.79% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
As of the census of 2010 there were 6,798 people in Clinch County. 69.7% were White or European American, 27.7% were Black or African American, 0.8% were American Indian or Alaska Native, 0.2% were Asian and 0.1% were Native Hawaiian and other Pacific Islander.
There were 2,512 households, out of which 36.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.70% were married couples living together, 16.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.40% were non-families. 24.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.09.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.90% under the age of 18, 8.60% from 18 to 24, 29.00% from 25 to 44, 22.70% from 45 to 64, and 11.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 98.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $26,755, and the median income for a family was $31,755. Males had a median income of $26,905 versus $19,347 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,023. About 22.20% of families and 23.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.90% of those under age 18 and 30.90% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 6,798 people, 2,572 households, and 1,821 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 3,007 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 67.4% white, 27.7% black or African American, 0.6% American Indian, 0.2% Asian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 2.6% from other races, and 1.4% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.5% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 11.0% were English, 8.0% were Irish, and 8.0% were American.
Of the 2,572 households, 38.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.5% were married couples living together, 19.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.2% were non-families, and 25.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.10. The median age was 36.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,963 and the median income for a family was $45,350. Males had a median income of $31,739 versus $25,972 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,709. About 19.1% of families and 25.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 37.7% of those under age 18 and 24.3% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 6,749 people, 2,477 households, and 1,639 families residing in the county.
Education
Communities
Argyle
Du Pont
Fargo
Homerville
Politics
Notable people
Ossie Davis, actor
Matthew Lintz, actor
Iris Faircloth Blitch, politician, only woman to sign Southern Manifesto
W. Benjamin Gibbs, politician
William Chester Lankford, politician
Jonathan Smith, football player
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Clinch County, Georgia
References
External links
The Clinch County News - Local newspaper
Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service
Clinch County historical marker
Bethany Baptist Church historical marker
1850 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Populated places established in 1850
Taniela "Tani" Tupou (born December 13, 1992) is an American football defensive tackle for the Jousters of The Spring League. He played college football at the University of Washington. He also plays rugby for the Seattle Seawolves of Major League Rugby (MLR). His position is at prop.
Early years
Tupou attended Archbishop Murphy high school in Everett, Washington where he played football as a strongside defensive end and as a tight end. He led the Wildcats to the WIAA State Championship game at the Tacoma Dome in 2010. Tupou graduated from Archbishop Murphy in 2011. Tupou is of Tongan and Hawaiian descent.
College career
Tupou verbally committed to the University of Washington on April 8, 2010. Tupou redshirted his first year on campus before playing the next four seasons. In his five years at Washington Tupou appeared in 46 games for the Huskies as a defensive tackle and recorded 59 tackles.
Professional career
Seattle Seahawks
On May 9, 2016, Seattle Seahawks signed Tupou as a fullback / defensive tackle after participating in their rookie mini-camp. He played in the team's season-opening victory over the Miami Dolphins on September 11.
On September 13, 2016, Tupou was released by the Seahawks.
Atlanta Falcons
During April 2017, Tupou played as a defensive tackle for The Spring League, a developmental football instructional league. Tupou received an invitation to attend rookie minicamp for the Atlanta Falcons. On May 14, 2017, following minicamp, Tupou signed with the Falcons. He was waived on September 2, 2017 and was signed to the Falcons' practice squad the next day. He was released on September 6, 2017. He was signed to the practice squad on September 19. He was promoted to the active roster on October 10, 2017. He was waived on October 19, 2017 and was later re-signed to the practice squad. He signed a reserve/future contract with the Falcons on January 15, 2018.
On April 11, 2018, the Falcons waived Tupou with a non-football injury designation.
Arizona Cardinals
On August 22, 2018, Tupou signed with the Arizona Cardinals. He was waived on September 1, 2018.
San Diego Fleet
In 2019, Tupou joined the San Diego Fleet of the Alliance of American Football. In the first game of the season, Tupou recorded 2 tackles and a sack, and finished the year with 13 tackles and 4 quarterback hits. The league ceased operations in April 2019.
Seattle Dragons
During the 2020 XFL Draft, the Seattle Dragons selected Tupou in the seventh round. He was placed on injured reserve before the start of the season on January 21, 2020. He was activated from injured reserve on March 11, 2020. He had his contract terminated when the league suspended operations on April 10, 2020.
The Spring League
Tupou signed with the Jousters of The Spring League in October 2020.
Professional rugby career
After playing in the XFL and the league folded in 2020, Tupou tried to get back in the NFL by doing combines on the side. Tupou then got a call from Peter Pasque, the general manager of the American Raptors in Glendale, Colorado and asked if he wanted to try rugby out. After stepping onto the pitch for the Raptors, Tupou said, "I just fell in love with the game".
On January 27, 2022, Tupou signed with his hometown Seattle Seawolves of the Major League Rugby (MLR) as a part of their front row. The crossover athlete marks his third professional contract with a Seattle team.
References
External links
Seattle Seahawks bio
Washington Huskies bio
1992 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Everett, Washington
Players of American football from Washington (state)
American football fullbacks
American football defensive tackles
Washington Huskies football players
Seattle Seahawks players
Atlanta Falcons players
Arizona Cardinals players
The Spring League players
American people of Tongan descent
San Diego Fleet players
Seattle Dragons players
American rugby union players
Rugby union props
Seattle Seawolves players
Albert Gorton Greene (February 10, 1802 – January 3, 1868) was an American judge and poet.
Biography
Albert Gorton Greene was born in Providence, Rhode Island on February 10, 1802. Graduating from Brown University in 1820, Greene was admitted to the bar of Rhode Island in 1823. In 1832 he was elected clerk of the City Council and clerk of the Municipal Court. He was Judge of the Municipal Court from 1858 to 1867, when he retired from ill-health to live with his daughter in Cleveland, Ohio. He is said to have drafted Rhode Island's original school bill.
In 1833 he published a quarterly, the Providence Literary Journal, but discontinued it after a year. He helped to found the Providence Athenaeum and the Rhode Island Historical Society, of which he was president from 1854 until his death. His library of 20,000 volumes included a collection of American poetry which eventually passed to Brown University, where it is known as the Harris Collection.
He wrote several popular poems, including the humorous poem "Old Grimes", "The Militia Muster", 'Adelheid", "The Baron's Last Banquet", and "Canonchet".
Family life
Greene was the son of John Holden and Elizabeth (Beverly) Greene. At the time of his birth, his father was at the beginning of a fifty-year career as an architect. In 1824 he married Mary Ann Clifford of Providence. Their daughter, Arazelia, married US Senator Charles Collins Van Zandt.
Greene died in Cleveland on January 3, 1868.
Works
Recollections of the Jersey prison-ship; taken, and prepared for publication, from the original manuscript of the late Captain Thomas Dring, 1829
Old Grimes, 1867
References
External links
1802 births
1868 deaths
19th-century American poets
American male poets
American judges
Rhode Island lawyers
Poets from Rhode Island
19th-century American male writers
19th-century American judges
19th-century American lawyers
The John J. Suhr House is a historic house located on Langdon Street, Madison, Wisconsin, United States.
History
Built in 1886, the house was admitted to the National Register of Historic Places listings in Dane County, Wisconsin on June 17, 1982. The residence was built in the French Second Empire architectural style by the local prominent architect Captain John Nader, who also designed Holy Redeemer Catholic Church (1869), St. Patrick's Catholic Church (1888–89), the Suhr Bank Building (1887), and the city's first sewer system. The house features a mansard roof, stone window trim and fancy woodwork on the bays. Additional construction occurred in 1902.
The house's first owner, John J. Suhr, was born in Bremen, Germany, in 1836 and immigrated to Madison in 1857. He worked as a bookkeeper in the State Bank until 1871, when he founded the German Bank. He changed the name of the bank to the German-American Bank in 1885. John J. Suhr died in 1901. His family owned and resided in the Suhr House for two generations until the death of John J. Suhr's son, John J. Suhr, Jr., in 1957.
In 1989, it became a Alpha Xi Delta sorority house, and in 1994 it was sold to a private landlord.
The house currently serves as off-campus student housing, like the majority of the former houses on Langdon Street.
References
Houses in Madison, Wisconsin
Houses completed in 1902
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Wisconsin
Second Empire architecture in Wisconsin
National Register of Historic Places in Madison, Wisconsin
Alpha Xi Delta
Diego Lozano González, O. Carm. (1622–1681) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Potenza (1677–1681).
Biography
Diego Lozano González was born on 20 Jul 1622 in Madrid, Spain and ordained a priest on 24 Feb 1646 in the Order of the Brothers of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Mount Carmel by Timoteo Pérez Vargas, Titular Bishop of Lystra.
On 15 Mar 1677, he was selected by the King of Spain and confirmed by Pope Innocent XI on 13 Sep 1677 as Bishop of Potenza.
On 19 Sep 1677, he was consecrated bishop by Carlo Pio di Savoia, Cardinal-Priest of San Crisogono, with Giovanni Antonio Melzi, Archbishop of Capua, and Ludovico Ciogni, Bishop of Venafro, serving as co-consecrators.
He served as Bishop of Potenza until his death on 10 Sep 1681.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
17th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Innocent XI
1622 births
1681 deaths
Carmelite bishops
CAAB may refer to:
Civil Aviation Authority of Bangladesh
Civil Aviation Authority of Botswana
Codes for Australian Aquatic Biota
"Only in Miami" is a song written by Max Gronenthal and Scott Delawanna, recorded by Bette Midler. First released on Midler's 1983 album No Frills, it later appeared on her 1993 greatest hits compilation Experience the Divine. The song tells of a sad girl in Miami who longs to be back in her native Cuba. A jolly upbeat song, it was featured in the 1984 pilot episode of Miami Vice, "Brother's Keeper".
Bette Midler songs
1983 songs
Rudolf Dašek (27 August 1933 – 1 February 2013) was a Czech guitarist.
Biography
A native of Prague, Dašek studied at the Prague Conservatory from 1962 to 1966 with Milan Zelenka. He was a member of the band SHQ led by Karel Velebný. He was in several bands for the rest of the 1960s: a trio with George Mraz, a trio with Lou Bennett, the quintet Jazz Cellula led by Ladislav Déczi, an orchestra conducted by Gustav Brom, and the Prague Radio Symphony Orchestra. At the end of the decade he worked for two years in the house band at the Blue Note Club in Berlin, Germany. In the early 1970s he formed the duo System Tandem with Jiří Stivín. He also worked with guitarists Philip Catherine, Christian Escoudé, and Toto Blanke.
References
Alexander, Charles. Masters of Jazz Guitar: The Story of the Players and Their Music. San Francisco: Backbeat Books; London: Hi Marketing, 2002. p. 177.
Matzner & Team. Encyklopedie jazzu a moderní populární hudby. Praha: Supraphon, 1990. p. 97–99
Noglik, Bert. Jazzwerkstatt International. Berlin: Verlag Neue Musik, 1981.
Czech guitarists
Male guitarists
1933 births
2013 deaths
Daniel Thomas Gillespie () (15 August 1938 – 19 April 2017) was a physicist who is best known for his derivation in 1976 of the stochastic simulation algorithm (SSA), also called the Gillespie algorithm. Gillespie's broader research has produced articles on cloud physics, random variable theory, Brownian motion, Markov process theory, electrical noise, light scattering in aerosols, and quantum mechanics.
Education
Born in Missouri, Gillespie grew up in Oklahoma where he graduated from Shawnee High School in 1956. In 1960 he received his B.A. (magna cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa) with a major in physics from Rice University.
Gillespie received his Ph.D. from Johns Hopkins University in 1968 with a dissertation in experimental elementary particle physics under Aihud Pevsner. Part of his dissertation derived procedures for stochastically simulating high-energy elementary particle reactions using digital computers, and Monte Carlo methodology would play a major role in his later work. During his graduate student years at JHU he was also a Jr. Instructor (1960–63) and an Instructor (1966-68) in the sophomore General Physics course.
Career
From 1968 to 1971, Gillespie was a Faculty Research Associate at the University of Maryland College Park's Institute for Molecular Physics. He did research in classical transport theory with Jan Sengers. In 1971 he was also an Instructor in the University's Physics Department.
From 1971 to 2001, Gillespie was a civilian scientist at the Naval Weapons Center in China Lake, California. Initially he was a Research Physicist in the Earth and Planetary Sciences Division. There his research in cloud physics led to a procedure for simulating the growth of raindrops in clouds, and that prompted his paper on the SSA. In 1981 he became Head of the Research Department's Applied Mathematics Research Group, and in 1994 he was made a Senior Scientist in the Research Department. He retired from China Lake in 2001.
From 2001 to 2015, Gillespie was a private consultant in computational biochemistry, working under contract for various periods of time with the California Institute of Technology, the Molecular Sciences Institute (in Berkeley), the Beckman Institute at Caltech, and the University of California, Santa Barbara. Most of this was in collaboration with the Linda Petzold research group in the Computer Sciences Department of UCSB.
Books by Gillespie
Was in print from 1970 to 1986 by International Textbook Co., International Textbook Co. Ltd, Halstead Press, and Editorial Reverte (Spanish translation).
A short biography of radio and television comedy writer Tom Koch, focusing mainly on his work for Bob and Ray.
An Errata List for this book, including a heavily revised Sec. 5.6, can be downloaded free from the book's webpage on the publisher's website.
References
External links
Institute for Physical Science and Technology
Jan V. Sengers
1938 births
2017 deaths
American physicists
Probability theorists
Rice University alumni
Johns Hopkins University alumni
Monte Carlo methodologists
Cycling Ranking is an online database that offers insight into the yearly and overall career performances of professional road racing cyclists. The database contains race data going back to year 1869. Its aim is to provide historical context to rider's performance over time by means of an all-time ranking for male road-racing cyclists based on their results in professional road races. The site and his ranking have been used by writers of cycling literature in order to make a selection of historical riders to be represented in their books.
Rider Rankings
The main part of the database provides access to the individual rider rankings. It offers range of different views into the history of professional cyclists and a personal page for each of the riders. Different individual ranking are:
Yearly Rankings.
Top 10-Year Average Ranking, that attempts to correct the ranking for riders that have exceptionally long careers.
Contemporary Rankings, where cyclists are being compared to their contemporaries.
The main ranking is the Overall Individual Ranking, that currently has the following top 10:
Country Rankings
The Country Rankings give a historical overview of the performances of countries respective to each other and rankings of individual riders for each country, both yearly and overall since 1869. Currently the overall Top 10 Country Ranking is as follows
Team Rankings
Besides individual and country rankings the database attempts to offer a historical overview of the commercial trade teams, its directors and its managers, again, both yearly and overall. At the moment the most successful trade team is the Peugeot Cycling Team, the top team manager, Patrick Lefevere and the top directeur sportif, Lomme Driessens.
References
Sports databases
Road bicycle racing
Cycling websites
Kingsdon may refer to:
Kingsdon, Devon
Kingsdon, Somerset
See also
Kingsdown (disambiguation)
The Honda British Talent Cup is a United Kingdom junior motorcycle racing series. It was founded in 2018 for riders at ages 12 to 17 from the British Isles to apply.
One rider will be given a chance to race full-time in the FIM CEV Moto3 Junior World Championship, while two drivers will race in the Red Bull MotoGP Rookies Cup. Honda is the series' bike supplier, providing the riders with the Moto3 Honda NSF250R.
In the inaugural 2018 season, Scottish rider Rory Skinner won the cup, 27 points ahead of Englishman Thomas Strudwick. In the second season, Scott Ogden clinched the victory, four points ahead of Cameron Horsman. In the Covid-19-struck 2020 season, Franco Bourne and Casey O'Gorman vied for the title, with Bourne coming out on top. O'Gorman won the 2021 season, winning eight races. He finished ahead of Carter Brown, who missed by six points in the final round at Donington Park.
Winners
2018 – Rory Skinner moved to the British Supersport Championship in 2019, winning in 2020, then British Superbike Championship from 2020
2019 – Scott Ogden (together with 2018 BTC season competitor Josh Whatley) will race for VisionTrack Honda Racing Team in the 2022 Moto3 season, run by Michael Laverty
2020 – Franco Bourne
2021 – Casey O'Gorman will race in Red Bull Rookies during the 2022 Moto3 season
References
Motorcycle racing in the United Kingdom
Motorcycle racing series
Recurring sporting events established in 2018
The BH3 interacting-domain death agonist, or BID, gene is a pro-apoptotic member of the Bcl-2 protein family. Bcl-2 family members share one or more of the four characteristic domains of homology entitled the Bcl-2 homology (BH) domains (named BH1, BH2, BH3 and BH4), and can form hetero- or homodimers. Bcl-2 proteins act as anti- or pro-apoptotic regulators that are involved in a wide variety of cellular activities.
Interactions
BID is a pro-apoptotic Bcl-2 protein containing only the BH3 domain. In response to apoptotic signaling, BID interacts with another Bcl-2 family protein, Bax, leading to the insertion of Bax into organelle membranes, primarily the outer mitochondrial membrane. Bax is believed to interact with, and induce the opening of the mitochondrial voltage-dependent anion channel, VDAC. Alternatively, growing evidence suggest that activated Bax and/or Bak form an oligomeric pore, MAC in the outer membrane. This results in the release of cytochrome c and other pro-apoptotic factors (such as SMAC/DIABLO) from the mitochondria, often referred to as mitochondrial outer membrane permeabilization, leading to activation of caspases. This defines BID as a direct activator of Bax, a role common to some of the pro-apoptotic Bcl-2 proteins containing only the BH3 domain.
The anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 proteins, including Bcl-2 itself, can bind BID and inhibit BID's ability to activate Bax. As a result, the anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 proteins may inhibit apoptosis by sequestering BID, leading to reduced Bax activation.
The expression of BID is upregulated by the tumor suppressor p53, and BID has been shown to be involved in p53-mediated apoptosis. The p53 protein is a transcription factor that, when activated as part of the cell's response to stress, regulates many downstream target genes, including BID. However, p53 also has a transcription-independent role in apoptosis. In particular, p53 interacts with Bax, promoting Bax activation and the insertion of Bax into the mitochondrial membrane.
The BH3 interacting-domain death agonist has been shown to interact with:
ATR/ATRIP,
BCL2,
CASP2,
CASP8,
MCL1, and
RPA.
Cleavage
Several reports have demonstrated that caspase-8, and its substrate BID, are frequently activated in response to certain apoptotic stimuli in a death receptor-independent manner. N-hydroxy-L-arginine (NOHA), a stable intermediate product formed during the conversion of L-arginine to nitric oxide activates caspase-8. Activation of caspase-8, and subsequent BID cleavage participate in cytochrome-c mediated apoptosis. 1-methyl-4-phenyl-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridine (MPTP) mediated activation of caspase-9 via cytochrome-c release has been shown to result in the activation of caspase-8 and Bid cleavage. Aspirin and Curcumin (diferuloylmethane) too activate caspase-8 to cleave and translocate Bid, induced a conformational change in and translocation of Bax and cytochrome-c release.
See also
References
External links
Apoptosis
Programmed cell death
Proteins
Boonsong Chalethorn (; born circa 1953) is a Thai academic and politician, best known for being one of the student leaders in protesting the junta government and calling for the constitution, known as the "October 14 Event" in 1973.
At just 20 years old, Chalethorn was one of 13 students and academics who were arrested by the police on October 6, 1973 at Pratunam for distributing leaflets calling for the constitution from Field Marshal Thanom Kittikachorn's government. All 13 of them are collectively referred to as "13 rebels of the Constitution".
Nearly 50 years after the event, he revealed that what society has always known about the start of the violence is not true. "It's all lies" he said. Chalethorn revealed that in the early hours of Sunday October 14, 1973, hundreds of thousands of demonstrators confronted riot police, but there were no clashes or violence of any kind. Until the protesters disperse to return home, but the police did not allow them to pass at the intersection where Ratchawithi cut across Rama V roads outside Chitralada Royal Villa, the resident of King Bhumibol Adulyadej (Rama IX) and members of the royal family. He was asked to speak on the roof of a police van to calm the protesters. As he was speaking, a police car with a siren suddenly ran and parked behind him. As soon as the siren stops, the police began to use violence by beating demonstrators and firing tear gas until it escalated into a bloody event in Thai history. In all, the protesters were not the ones who first initiated violence against the officers.
Three years later, after the events of October 6, 1976, he fled into the forest to join the Communist Party of Thailand (CPT). He has left Thailand to live in several European countries including the United States especially Sweden where he lived for decades. Chalethorn studied the Swedish welfare state to become an expert.
In 2009, he returned to Thailand and became a member of a New Politics Party (NPP) with Somsak Kosaisuuk, one of the leaders of the People's Alliance for Democracy (PAD) or the Yellow Shirts as the head. On August 29, 2010, he ran for election as a member of the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration Council (BMC), Bueng Kum constituency, but was not elected.
He is currently a political science professor at Rangsit University (RSU) and one of the founders of the Sang Anakot Thai Party (Building Thailand's Future Party), which has two former ministers in the government of Gen Prayut Chan-o-cha as leaders, Sontirat Sontijirawong and Uttama Savanayana. He served as the deputy secretary-general of the party.
In addition, he was also the first generation member of the Youth Democrat, a political group founded by the Democrat Party in 1969, whose members are all young people.
See also
1973 Thai popular uprising
References
Boonsong Chalethorn
Living people
1953 births
Boonsong Chalethorn
Boonsong Chalethorn
Boonsong Chalethorn
Thai expatriates in Sweden
Boonsong Chalethorn
Boonsong Chalethorn
Fairhaven High School and Academy is a public high school in Fairhaven, Massachusetts, United States. Its main building, built in 1905, is known as the "Castle on the Hill" and it is part of the Fairhaven Public Schools district. The school was voted the "most beautiful high school in Massachusetts" in 2017.
The school building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981. The building was donated in 1906 by Henry Huttleston Rogers, who was one of the key men in John D. Rockefeller's Standard Oil Trust.
It is one of two high schools taking in Acushnet students, along with New Bedford High School of New Bedford Public Schools.
History
In 2006 about 100 of the students came from Acushnet. In April 2007 it had 19 Acushnet students about to graduate. Previously the school was only allowed to take up to 25 incoming 9th students from Acushnet, but the limit was removed in 2007 and the new provision was that until the school's student numbers reach 97% of the school's official capacity, any Acushnet high school-aged student is welcome to apply to attend. The anticipated number of incoming 9th graders from Acushnet to begin going to Fairhaven in fall 2007 was 35.
In 2009 there were fewer than 115 Acushnet students at Fairhaven High, and in 2011 that figure was 98. In 2014 there were 670 students, with 230 Acushnet students. This reflected a trend of Acushnet students choosing Fairhaven over New Bedford High.
Campus
The high school campus is located on the north side of Huttleston Avenue (United States Route 6), a short way east of the Acushnet River and New Bedford Harbor. Its main building is a monumental masonry structure in an H-shaped layout, with two full stories, full basement, and a third floor and attic under its pitched slate roofs. It is predominantly brick, with an ashlar granite foundation and limestone belt courses. Designed by architect Charles Brigham, it is reminiscent of Tudor architecture with Gothic influences, with a picturesque roofline studded with gables topped by iron finials, and rich carved stonework including gargoyles, grotesques, and depictions of historic figures. A modern (1996) addition, designed by Flansburgh and Associates, is connected to the east end by a corridor.
Media appearances
Fairhaven High School has appeared on the reality TV Series, The Principal's Office on truTV.
Notable alumni
Carl Etelman, professional football player
Gil Santos (1956), sports announcer
Milton Silveira, aerospace engineer
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County, Massachusetts
References
External links
Fairhaven, Massachusetts
Schools in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Public high schools in Massachusetts
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Educational institutions established in 1905
1905 establishments in Massachusetts
The 2020–21 NBL season was the 32nd season for the Sydney Kings in the NBL.
Roster
Squad
Pre-season
Ladder
Game log
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 1
| 20 December
| The Hawks
| W 98–89
| Shaun Bruce (14)
| Craig Moller (8)
| Casper Ware (4)
| Qudos Bank Arenaclosed event
| 1–0
Regular season
Ladder
Game log
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 1
| 16 January
| @ Cairns
| L 87–86
| Casper Ware (18)
| Jarell Martin (8)
| Shaun Bruce (4)
| Cairns Pop-Up Arena1,919
| 0–1
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 2
| 23 January
| @ Cairns
| W 91–99
| Martin, Ware (22)
| Jarell Martin (10)
| Bruce, Moller (4)
| Cairns Pop-Up Arena1,930
| 1–1
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 3
| 26 January
| @ Brisbane
| L 90–87
| Jarell Martin (26)
| Jarell Martin (11)
| Bruce, Louzada, Moller, Ware (3)
| Nissan Arena3,406
| 1–2
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 4
| 30 January
| @ Adelaide
| L 85–80
| Dejan Vasiljevic (28)
| Craig Moller (9)
| Casper Ware (6)
| Adelaide Entertainment Centre7,087
| 1–3
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 5
| 6 February
| @ Adelaide
| W 75–94
| Casper Ware (27)
| Jordan Hunter (11)
| Shaun Bruce (7)
| Adelaide Entertainment Centre7,317
| 2–3
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 6
| 12 February
| New Zealand
| W 84–74
| Casper Ware (22)
| Martin, Newley (6)
| Shaun Bruce (4)
| Qudos Bank Arena5,833
| 3–3
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 7
| 14 February
| Illawarra
| L 82–85
| Casper Ware (21)
| Craig Moller (8)
| Shaun Bruce (9)
| Qudos Bank Arena6,534
| 3–4
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 8
| 21 February
| Adelaide
| W 94–77
| Casper Ware (23)
| Jordan Hunter (9)
| Brad Newley (4)
| John Cain Arena2,566
| 4–4
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 9
| 23 February
| Perth
| L 106–113
| Casper Ware (34)
| Casper Ware (5)
| Casper Ware (4)
| John Cain Arena1,079
| 4–5
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 10
| 25 February
| New Zealand
| 96–78
| Jordan Hunter (24)
| Dejan Vasiljevic (10)
| Casper Ware (5)
| John Cain Arena1,991
| 5–5
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 11
| 27 February
| @ Melbourne
| L 83–80
| Dejan Vasiljevic (22)
| Brad Newley (8)
| Casper Ware (5)
| John Cain Arena4,206
| 5–6
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 12
| 4 March
| @ Cairns
| L 96–92
| Dejan Vasiljevic (32)
| Jordan Hunter (6)
| Moller, Ware (4)
| State Basketball Centre1,355
| 5–7
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 13
| 6 March
| @ South East Melbourne
| W 85–91
| Dejan Vasiljevic (19)
| Casper Ware (10)
| Casper Ware (6)
| John Cain Arena3,708
| 6–7
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 14
| 11 March
| Illawarra
| L 69–89
| Dejan Vasiljevic (12)
| Craig Moller (6)
| Bruce, Moller (4)
| John Cain Arena997
| 6–8
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 15
| 13 March
| @ Brisbane
| W 108–119
| Casper Ware (25)
| Jordan Hunter (8)
| Casper Ware (10)
| John Cain Arena4,183
| 7–8
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 16
| 19 March
| Melbourne
| W 103–75
| Jordan Hunter (18)
| Martin, Moller (6)
| Moller, Ware (6)
| Qudos Bank Arena5,089
| 8–8
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 17
| 21 March
| Cairns
| W 75–73
| Martin, Ware (16)
| Craig Moller (8)
| Louzada, Martin, Moller, Vasiljevic, Ware (2)
| Qudos Bank Arena5,187
| 9–8
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 18
| 28 March
| Perth
| L 65–89
| Jarell Martin (18)
| Craig Moller (7)
| Casper Ware (6)
| Qudos Bank Arena5,067
| 9–9
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 19
| 1 April
| @ Perth
| L 95–89
| Jarell Martin (27)
| Jarell Martin (11)
| Didi Louzada (4)
| RAC Arena10,123
| 9–10
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 20
| 3 April
| Brisbane
| W 90–71
| Craig Moller (20)
| Jarell Martin (10)
| Casper Ware (9)
| Qudos Bank Arena5,439
| 10–10
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 21
| 8 April
| Perth
| L 69–73
| Casper Ware (20)
| Jordan Hunter (13)
| Bruce, Ware (3)
| Qudos Bank Arena4,115
| 10–11
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 22
| 11 April
| South East Melbourne
| L 84–98
| Jarell Martin (23)
| Jordan Hunter (9)
| Didi Louzada (7)
| Qudos Bank Arena4,236
| 10–12
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 23
| 15 April
| South East Melbourne
| W 97–90
| Didi Louzada (28)
| Didi Louzada (8)
| Casper Ware (6)
| Qudos Bank Arena4,476
| 11–12
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 24
| 17 April
| Cairns
| W 89–84
| Casper Ware (40)
| Jordan Hunter (8)
| Shaun Bruce (4)
| Qudos Bank Arena5,214
| 12–12
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 25
| 22 April
| @ South East Melbourne
| W 81–101
| Hunter, Ware (19)
| Jordan Hunter (10)
| Casper Ware (5)
| John Cain Arena1,268
| 13–12
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 26
| 24 April
| @ Illawarra
| W 75–79 (OT)
| Casper Ware (18)
| Shaun Bruce (13)
| Casper Ware (4)
| WIN Entertainment Centre3,724
| 14–12
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 27
| 2 May
| @ Melbourne
| L 103–78
| Casper Ware (25)
| Craig Moller (11)
| Shaun Bruce (5)
| John Cain Arena2,214
| 14–13
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 28
| 9 May
| Adelaide
| L 88–97 (OT)
| Jarell Martin (25)
| Jordan Hunter (9)
| Casper Ware (8)
| Qudos Bank Arena4,063
| 14–14
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 29
| 13 May
| @ Brisbane
| L 93–70
| Jordan Hunter (15)
| Hunter, Moller (11)
| Casper Ware (3)
| Nissan Arena1,374
| 14–15
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 30
| 16 May
| Adelaide
| W 85–75
| Jarell Martin (20)
| Craig Moller (11)
| Casper Ware (12)
| Qudos Bank Arena5,078
| 15–15
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 31
| 20 May
| @ New Zealand
| L 89–81
| Casper Ware (20)
| Jarell Martin (6)
| Bruce, Ware (3)
| The Trusts Arena3,800
| 15–16
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 32
| 22 May
| @ New Zealand
| W 76–81
| Jarell Martin (29)
| Jarell Martin (9)
| Shaun Bruce (5)
| TSB Stadium2,066
| 16–16
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 33
| 27 May
| @ Perth
| L 81–67
| Jarell Martin (20)
| Jordan Hunter (9)
| Xavier Cooks (3)
| RAC Arena10,650
| 16–17
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 34
| 29 May
| Melbourne
| W 100–98 (2OT)
| Shaun Bruce (21)
| Craig Moller (12)
| Shaun Bruce (7)
| Qudos Bank Arena6,238
| 17–17
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 35
| 3 June
| @ Illawarra
| W 73–79
| Jarell Martin (23)
| Cooks, Martin (10)
| Casper Ware (8)
| WIN Entertainment Centre3,217
| 18–17
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 36
| 5 June
| Brisbane
| W 83–82
| Jarell Martin (28)
| Xavier Cooks (7)
| Xavier Cooks (5)
| Qudos Bank Arena9,267
| 19–17
Transactions
Re-signed
Additions
Subtractions
Awards
Player of the Week
Round 15, Jordan Hunter
See also
2020–21 NBL season
Sydney Kings
References
External links
Official Website
Sydney Kings
Sydney Kings seasons
Sydney Kings season
Mount Kyminas () is the historical Byzantine name of a mountain in Bithynia, in present-day Bursa Province, Turkey. Its exact location is uncertain, although it was likely located somewhere slightly north of the city of Bursa. Christian ascetics and monks lived on the mountain during the Byzantine period. By the Ottoman period, Christian monks were no longer living at Mount Kyminas.
Christian monks who lived on the mountain included Athanasius the Athonite, Michael Maleinos (who was the abbot of the lavra at Mount Kyminas), and Thomas Dephourkinos.
References
Byzantine Anatolia
Eastern Orthodox monasteries in Asia
Geography of the Byzantine Empire
Kyminas
Landforms of Bursa Province
Kyminas
Geography of Bithynia
Byzantine monasteries in Turkey
Koushik Sarkar (born 8 February 1994) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a center-back for Bhawanipore in the CFL Premier Division A and I-League 2nd division.
Career
Early career
Born in Chinsurah, West Bengal, Sarkar joined the Sports Authority of India in 2010. He spent three seasons there before signing with the Calcutta Football League, Kalighat Milan Sangha. He made one appearance with them before returning to the Sports Authority of India.
Sarkar captained the University of Calcutta football side during the Inter-University challenge. While with the University side, Sarkar attracted interest through two good performances against I-League side, Mohun Bagan.
East Bengal
On 6 December 2015 it was announced that Sarkar had signed a three-year contract with East Bengal of the I-League. A year later, after not playing a single match for East Bengal in the I-League, it was revealed that Sarkar had his contract terminated by East Bengal before the 2016–17 season.
International
Despite not playing professional football, Sarkar was called-up to the shortlisted 40 player squads by India head coach, Stephen Constantine, in December 2015.
On 27 December 2015, Sarkar made his debut for India in 2015 SAFF Championship match against Nepal, thus becoming the 503rd player to represent India internationally.
Career statistics
National team statistics
Honours
India
SAFF Championship: 2015
India U23
South Asian Games Silver medal: 2016
References
Living people
Indian footballers
1994 births
East Bengal Club players
Association football defenders
Footballers from West Bengal
I-League players
India international footballers
India youth international footballers
People from Hooghly district
Peerless SC players
South Asian Games silver medalists for India
South Asian Games medalists in football
Ypsolopha trichonella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Spain, Croatia, the northern Aegean Islands and Turkmenistan.
The larvae feed on Ephedra species.
References
External links
lepiforum.de
Ypsolophidae
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
Ismail Pasha ( 1780–1792) was an Ottoman statesman of Georgian origin, he grew up in Tunis during the reign of Ali Pasha (1759-1782). Because of this, he became the kethüda (assistant/deputy) of Cezayirli Gazi Hasan Pasha, the famous Kapudan Pasha. He would go on to serve as the Ottoman governor of Egypt Eyalet (1788–89, 1789–91) and Morea Eyalet (1791–92).
Governorship of Egypt
When Cezayirli Gazi Hasan Pasha was ordered by the sultan Abdülhamid I to take troops to Egypt and drive out the Mamluk emirs led by Ibrahim Bey (Mamluk) and Murad Bey, who had become de facto rulers of the province, Ismail Pasha went with him. When Hasan Pasha completed the removal (at least temporarily) and departed, he left Ismail Pasha behind in Egypt. Ismail Pasha then received the news that he was appointed the Ottoman governor of Egypt on 2 December 1788.
When the Mamluk emirs, who had secured a negotiation with Ismail Pasha's predecessor Keki Abdi Pasha as to their power and holdings in Egypt, found that he had been replaced by Ismail Pasha, they refused to honor the deal. Abdi Pasha, angry over his dismissal and this turn of events, sent agents to Istanbul, the capital, to persuade the sultan to reappoint him as governor. This was successful, and within a month, on 3 January 1789, news arrived that Abdi Pasha had been reappointed the governor of Egypt and Ismail Pasha had been dismissed.
However, less than a month later, on 30 January 1789, messengers from Istanbul appeared carrying an order for the re-dismissal of Abdi Pasha and the reappointment of Ismail Pasha, this being the result of the persuasions of Ismail Pasha's former employee and friend Cezayirli Gazi Hasan Pasha, who had undone what Abdi Pasha's agents had done to have him dismissed.
In the beginning of his second term, news arrived from Istanbul that the Ottoman Empire had had a brief victory in the Russo-Turkish War (1787–92) when they overran the Banat region previously taken by the Russians (although the Ottomans would go on to lose the war), ordering a day of celebration in Cairo. Ismail Pasha then proceeded to whitewash and clean the walls of Al-Azhar University, among other things. News also arrived that sultan Abdülhamid I had died on April 7, being replaced by Selim III, and that Ismail Pasha's former employee Cezayirli Gazi Hasan Pasha had been dismissed from the post of Kapudan Pasha after holding the office for 20 years. At one point, Ismail Pasha became very angry with a man named Abdul Wahhab Efendi the Bosnian, and hearing of his derisions of him, slapped him in the face and plucked his beard before his ministers pulled him away.
In early 1791, an extremely deadly plague ravaged Egypt, killing many of all ages including Ismail Bey al-Kabir, the favored Mamluk emir at the time. After his death, other Mamluk emirs competed over who would take leadership of the emirs. Mass graves were dug for the dead.
In the first few days of May 1791, a message arrived from Istanbul, dismissing Ismail Pasha from the governorship and replacing him with Safranbolulu Izzet Mehmet Pasha. Ismail Pasha was told to report to Morea Eyalet (modern Peloponnese peninsula, Greece), of which he was now appointed as governor. The Mamluk emirs complained that Ismail Pasha, who was familiar to them, was being replaced by a stranger and asked him to send a petition to remain governor of Egypt. Ismail Pasha refused and hastily began packing his belongings for departure. The emirs grew suspicious that he was hurrying because of unpaid debts to the treasury and forced him to remain in Egypt until the new governor Safranbolulu Izzet Mehmet Pasha could arrive and audit him. They put him under house arrest, and when the new governor arrived and Ismail Pasha paid what he owed, he finally left on a ship for Morea on 26 June 1791.
Governorship of Morea and death
After arriving in Morea sometime in late summer 1791, Ismail Pasha was dismissed from this post later that year or the next (1792), and his viziership was revoked. He shipped his possessions to Tunis and foreign lands and was placed under house arrest. After being freed, he moved to Tuscany in Italy. Although the Austrian government helped to have his viziership and status as a civil servant returned, Ismail Pasha remained in Tuscany and died there.
See also
List of Ottoman governors of Egypt
References
18th-century births
18th-century Ottoman governors of Egypt
Ottoman governors of Egypt
People from Tripoli
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Ottoman Peloponnese
Pashas
Slaves of the Ottoman Empire
18th-century slaves
Silent Star: Colleen Moore Talks About Her Hollywood (1968) is silent film star Colleen Moore's autobiography.
Overview
The book was written after the death of her third husband, Homer Hargrave. It was likely written with the help of Moore's friend Adela Rogers St. Johns. Moore is often either identified as "me" or "Colleen Moore," indicating more than one person wrote the captions in the book's photo captions. The book covered her life from birth until the point it was written, and was a "tell-all" in that she shattered many myths that had developed around her during her film career. Among the admissions Moore made in the book was that her break in films came as a result of her uncle Walter Howey cashing in debt owed him by D. W. Griffith. She described her marriage to John McCormick (1893-1961) as rocky as a result of his alcoholism.
Born in Port Huron, Michigan, Moore mentions that she had known she wanted to be a motion picture star from a very young age. She wrote that she kept a scrapbook of her favorite stars and left a few pages blank at the end for her own photographs. A year later, she would donate her own scrapbooks to the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, where they are currently available for viewing by researchers at the Academy's Margaret Herrick Library.
In the book, Moore gave her impressions on several of Hollywood's biggest controversies, including:
the William Desmond Taylor murder (Moore had been on a double date with Mary Miles Minter before the murder);
the Roscoe Arbuckle trials (Moore's uncle Walter Howey, a Hearst Corporation editor, had fanned public outrage against Arbuckle);
the suicide of Paul Bern, husband of Jean Harlow, (Moore attended their wedding); and
the death of Rudolph Valentino (who Moore was never too impressed by).
While she provides no information that wasn't already known about these scandals, she does recount her feelings about the events at the time.
The book also spends some time constructing and tour of her dollhouse for charity before the Second World War. The dollhouse is currently on display at the Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago.
Silent Star was published by Doubleday & Company in 1968. The book 262 pages with many photographs and is currently out of print.
Footnotes
References
Colleen Moore research/history project page
Silents are Golden Recommended Reading
Colleen Moore's Fairy Castle
The Old Movie Maven - Silent Star
Bibliography
Jeff Codori (2012), Colleen Moore; A Biography of the Silent Film Star McFarland Publishing (Print , EBook ).
External links
The Colleen Moore Project
Autobiographies
1968 non-fiction books
Doubleday (publisher) books
The 1903 Nobel Prize in Literature was the third prestigious literary prize based upon Alfred Nobel's will, which awarded to the Norwegian poet and politician Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson (1832–1910) "as a tribute to his noble, magnificent and versatile poetry, which has always been distinguished by both the freshness of its inspiration and the rare purity of its spirit." The prize was announced in October 08, 1903 and was given in December 10, 1903 at Stockholm.
Laureate
Bjørnson was a Norwegian multifaceted literary person who became one of the original members of the Norwegian Nobel Committee, that awards the Nobel Peace Prize, where he sat from 1901 to 1906. He wrote poetry, drama and lyrical poetry. He worked for periods as theater director in both Bergen and Oslo, and he was active both politically and as a journalist. In his early works he depicted peasant life in the Norwegian countryside. This national romanticism was also found in his poetry throughout his career, even if he also wrote both realistic and symbolic dramas. Bjørnson's musical version of the poem "Ja, vi elsker dette landet" became Norway's national anthem. He is also considered to be one of the four great Norwegian writers, alongside Henrik Ibsen, Jonas Lie, and Alexander Kielland.
Nominations
The Swedish Academy received four nominations – two nominations each in 1902 and 1903 – for Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson before getting awarded.
In total, the Nobel Committee received 43 nominations for 25 individuals in 1903, including repeated nominations for the Russian novelist Leo Tolstoy (four nominations) and Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen (one nomination), and with new nominations for the English writers Algernon Charles Swinburne and Rudyard Kipling (one nomination each). Kipling would later be awarded in 1907. French writer Anatole France and Fredrik Wulff were the first nominators to nominate a collective group of writers purposely for a shared prize. France nominated Tolstoy, Brandes, and Maeterlinck in one nomination, whereas Wulff nominated Paris and Mistral together.
The authors George Gissing, William Ernest Henley, Richard Henry Stoddard, Eugenio María de Hostos, Ernest Legouvé, Joseph Henry Shorthouse, Josefina Wettergrund, Ada Ellen Bayly, and Mary Anne Sadlier died in 1903 without having been nominated for the prize.
References
External links
Award ceremony speech by C.D. af Wirsén nobelprize.org
Nobel Prize in Literature
The fulvous babbler or fulvous chatterer (Argya fulva) is a species of bird in the family Leiothrichidae. It is 25 cm long with a wingspan of 27–30.5 cm. It is warm brown above with very faint streaking on the crown and back. The throat is whitish and the rest of the underparts are pale brown.
It is found in northern Africa south to the Sahel region and occurs in Algeria, Chad, Egypt, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Libya, Mali, Mauritania, Morocco, Niger, Nigeria, Senegal, Sudan, and Tunisia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
The fulvous babbler was formerly placed in the genus Turdoides but following the publication of a comprehensive molecular phylogenetic study in 2018, it was moved to the resurrected genus Argya.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. (2007). Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70–291 in del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Snow, D. W. & Perrins, C. M. (1998). Birds of the Western Palearctic: Concise Edition, Vol. 2, Oxford University Press, Oxford.
Argya
Birds of North Africa
Birds described in 1789
Taxa named by René Louiche Desfontaines
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Old Deanery of Wells Cathedral in Wells, Somerset, England, dates from the 12th century. Along with the gatehouse and boundary walls has been designated as a Grade I listed building.
The 12th-century building, on Cathedral Green was largely rebuilt in the late 15th century by Dean Gunthorpe. It was further remodelled and the south range refenestrated by Dean Bathurst in the late 17th century. The two storey south front of the building looking out over the green to the cathedral has six bays which contain 17th century sash windows.
It is no longer the home of the Dean and served as offices for the Diocese of Bath and Wells and provided a resource centre for Christian Education for the diocese. Extensive rebuilding work since 2000 has included the insertion of an oak staircase and addition of a first floor above the education department. The diocesan offices were moved out of the Old Deanery and as of 2020 the building is for sale amid some controversy.
William Turner when he was dean between 1551 and 1568, established a herb garden. The garden was recreated between 2003 and 2010.
See also
List of Grade I listed buildings in Mendip
References
12th-century church buildings in England
Grade I listed buildings in Mendip District
Wells Cathedral
Buildings and structures in Wells, Somerset
Hegarty's Cheese is an Irish cheese manufacturer making three different cows milk cheese in Whitechurch, County Cork. Hegarty's cheese first started in 2001 by brothers Dan and John Hegarty on the family farm and were joined in 2016 by Jean-Baptiste Enjelvin, a cheesemaker from France.
Products
Hegarty's Cheddar - was the first cheese made on the farm and is made from pasteurized milk using traditional methods.
Templegall - is a Swiss-style raw milk cheese in the style of Comté cheese and has won numerous awards
Hegarty's Smoked Cheddar - is the same cheese as Hegarty's Cheddar but is naturally smoked with beechwood providing a strong flavour
Awards
In 2019, Templegall won the gold medal in the Raw Milk category at the Irish Cheese Awards
In 2021, Templegall won the Supreme Champion award at the Irish Cheese Awards as well as gold medals in the "Mature Hard Cheese" and "Raw Milk Cheese" categories
References
Dairy products companies of Ireland
Cheesemakers
Vanderbilt University School of Nursing (VUSN) is one of the graduate schools of Vanderbilt University, located in Nashville, Tennessee. VUSN enjoys a close relationship with its university parent and the separate nonprofit Vanderbilt University Medical Center. The School of Nursing is ranked in the top 10 in the U.S. News & World Report rankings. Additionally, its master of science program is ranked 8th and its doctor of nursing practice program 6th in the report's 2022 graduate school rankings.
History
With a history dating back to 1908, Vanderbilt University School of Nursing has a long-standing reputation in nursing teaching, practice, informatics and research. As one of the first five schools to receive Rockefeller funding to implement the Goldmark Report of 1923, the School of Nursing was a leader in drastically altering the nature of nursing education and moving it into institutions of higher learning. The School began offering the Master of Science in Nursing (MSN) in 1955. It was one of the first to launch a PreSpecialty program in 1986 allowing students who hold non-nursing degrees to enter the MSN program without repeating undergraduate classes. This permitted an accelerated path to the master's degree. Vanderbilt's Bachelor of Science in Nursing degree, first conferred in 1935, was restructured into the Pre-Specialty program as one of several innovative entry options.
In 1993, Vanderbilt University School of Nursing established a PhD in Nursing Science program, leading to nursing research and scholarly activity that has positively impacted health care delivery in a variety of areas. The Doctor of Nursing Practice program began in August 2008. The inaugural class of 31 students graduated in 2010.
Education
The school became exclusively a graduate school in 1989 with a mission of educating advanced level nurses. It has established Master of Science in Nursing (MSN) programs in numerous advanced practice nursing specialty areas. The school has multiple entry options for nurses and non-nurses, admitting students from educational backgrounds other than nursing and allowing them to complete a course of work leading to an advanced practice nursing degree. The school also offers a PhD in Nursing Science—clinical research or health services research—and a Doctor of Nursing Practice (DNP).
VUSN offers the following MSN specialty programs:
Adult-Gerontology Acute Care Nurse Practitioner
Adult-Gerontology Primary Care Nurse Practitioner
Emergency Nurse Practitioner
Family Nurse Practitioner
Neonatal Nurse Practitioner
Nurse-Midwifery
Nurse-Midwifery/FNP Dual Focus
Nursing and Health Care Leadership
Nursing Informatics
Pediatric Nurse Practitioner - Acute Care
Pediatric Nurse Practitioner - Primary Care
Psychiatric-Mental Health Nurse Practitioner (Lifespan)
Women's Health Nurse Practitioner
Women's Health Nurse Practitioner /Adult-Gerontology Primary Care Nurse Practitioner Dual Focus
Vanderbilt University School of Nursing also offers these advanced degree programs:
Doctor of Nursing Practice (DNP)
Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Nursing Research
Post-Master's Certificates
Postdoctoral Program
Teaching affiliates
Vanderbilt University Hospital
Monroe Carell Jr., Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt
Vanderbilt-Ingram Cancer Center
The Vanderbilt Clinic
Vanderbilt Bill Wilkerson Center
Vanderbilt Stallworth Rehabilitation Hospital
Vanderbilt Psychiatric Hospital
Vanderbilt Sports Medicine
Dayani Human Performance Center
Vanderbilt Heart & Vascular Institute
References
External links
Vanderbilt University School of Nursing
Vanderbilt Nurse
Vanderbilt University
Nursing schools in Tennessee
Yeniköy is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 352 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Georg Enoch Robert Prosper Philipp Franz Karl Theodor Maria Heinrich Johannes Luitpold Hartmann Gundeloh Freiherr von und zu Guttenberg (29 July 1946 – 15 June 2018) was a German conductor. He also owned the large winery estate Weingut Reichsrat von Buhl. He founded musical ensembles for performances of sacred choral works, and the Herrenchiemsee Festival. In 1975, he co-founded the BUND, a German organization dedicated to protecting the natural environment.
Career
Born in Guttenberg, Bavaria, Germany, on 29 July 1946, he was a member of the House of Guttenberg, and the son of CSU politician Karl Theodor von und zu Guttenberg and Rosa Sophie Prinzessin von Arenberg. He was the father of CSU politician Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg.
Guttenberg studied composition and conducting in Munich and Salzburg, influenced by Bernhard Paumgartner, Antal Doráti and . He founded musical ensembles for performances of sacred choral works. In 1967, he founded the choir Chorgemeinschaft Neubeuern, leading them to international recognition within short time. They appeared at festivals such as the Schwetzingen Festival, the Berliner Festwochen, the Mozartwoche in Salzburg, the Schleswig-Holstein Musik Festival, the Rheingau Musik Festival and the . They toured in Europe and South America. Guttenberg focused on sacred choral works such as Bach's St John Passion and St Matthew Passion, and is regarded as a Bekenntnismusiker, performing the works as a personal confession. In a personal style, he combined the knowledge of historically informed performance with modern and vital expressiveness.
From 1981 to 1987, Guttenberg also conducted the in Frankfurt. He worked as a guest conductor with orchestras such as NDR Sinfonieorchester, the Deutsche Oper am Rhein, the orchestra of the Mozarteum in Salzburg, and the MDR Symphony Orchestra. In 1997, Guttenberg co-founded the orchestra KlangVerwaltung. In 2010, he conducted Verdi's Requiem in Rome in honour of Pope Benedict XVI.
In 2001, he founded the Herrenchiemsee Festival, with performances at Schloss Herrenchiemsee, and served as its Intendant. For the opening of 2012 festival, he programmed four Bach cantatas in a dramatiturgical sequence: O Ewigkeit, du Donnerwort, BWV 20, Weinen, Klagen, Sorgen, Zagen, BWV 12, Wahrlich, wahrlich, ich sage euch, BWV 86, and Herr Gott, dich loben alle wir, BWV 130. A reviewer noted music-making in chamber scale, but with spiritual depth and intensity.
In 2017, when his choir celebrated its 50th anniversary, he and the choir received the Rheingau Musikpreis at a Bruckner concert at Eberbach Abbey, performing his Ave Maria, Te Deum and his unfinished Ninth Symphony.
He was politically active in environmental protection, and was in 1975 a co-founder of the BUND, a German organisation dedicated to protecting the natural environment. He left the organisation in 2012.
Guttenberg died in Munich on 15 June 2018 at the age of 71.
Awards
1988: Deutscher Kulturpreis
1991: Bundesverdienstkreuz 1. Klasse
2001: Bayerischer Verdienstorden
2008: Echo Klassik (returned in 2018)
2017: Rheingau Musikpreis
References
External links
Discography Enoch zu Guttenberg
Georg Etschelt: Abendzeitung-Muenchen.de Ein Nachruf / Enoch zu Guttenberg (†71): Ein inbrünstiger Überzeugungstäter Abendzeitung Munich, 16 June 2018
Enoch zu Guttenberg (Conductor) Bach Cantatas Website
Joseph Haydn (1732–1809) / Die Schöpfung (The Creation) musicweb-international.com
1946 births
2018 deaths
German conductors (music)
German male conductors (music)
Enoch
Barons of Germany
Officer Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
People from Kulmbach (district)
Thanassis Skordalos (; born 10 December 1920 – 23 April 1998) was a musician from Crete, noted for playing the lyra, the bowed string instrument of Crete and most popular surviving form of the medieval Byzantine lyra.
Skordalos was born in the village Spili of Saint Basil in Rethymno Prefecture, Crete.
He finished grammar school in Spili. He started playing the lyra from a very young age, around 9 years old, and by the age of 12 he was performing in traditional festivals around Crete. He soon performed in front of the Cretans in Athens – at the historical music hall "Vizantio" in Omonoia Square. His first recording was in 1946 with the famous "Spiliano Syrto" where Giannis Markogiannakis was playing the lute. In 1947 when he was 27 years old, he was positioned at the Security Services of the National Bank of Greece from where he later on retired.
During his long career, Skordalos performed in most of the countries where one can find Cretan immigrants like the United States, Australia, and Canada, in addition to many countries in Africa. He married Hrisoula Papadaki from Rethimnon and they had two sons and two daughters.
Skordalos along with Kostas Mountakis are considered those lyra players who offered the most to Cretan music. Skordalos' legacy lasted for sixty years and he died on 23 April 1998 at the age of 77.
See also
Lyra (Byzantine)
Lyra (Cretan)
Music of Crete
References
Article about Skordalos's death
1920 births
1998 deaths
Cretan musicians
Greek musicians
String musicians
People from Rethymno (regional unit)
Batrachorhina bipuncticollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1961. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1961
The Hundred of Lake Wangary is a hundred within County of Flinders, South Australia. It is at the southern end of the Eyre Peninsula in South Australia, located 45 kilometres (28 mi) west of Port Lincoln. It is named after the freshwater Lake Wangary.
The traditional owners of the area are the Nauo peoples.
See also
Lands administrative divisions of South Australia
References
Lake Wangary
Beršići is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 351 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
John Edward Aldred (May 15, 1864 – November 21, 1945) was director of United Railways and Electric Company of Baltimore, Maryland. Born in Lawrence, Massachusetts, he was president of Consolidated Gas, Electric Light & Power in Baltimore, and the Pennsylvania Water & Power Company He was also the Chairman of the Gillette Safety Razor Company. His home was the John E. Aldred Estate. In 1928, he built the Riverside Congregational Church in Lawrence, MA, which is currently known as United Riverside Congregational Church.
References
1864 births
1945 deaths
People from Lawrence, Massachusetts
People from Oyster Bay (town), New York
Le Grand-Madieu (; ) is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Population
See also
Communes of the Charente department
References
Communes of Charente
Charente communes articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
Montana Highway 16 (MT 16) is a state highway in the US state of Montana. It begins in West Glendive at a Business Loop of Interstate 94 (I-94), and ends at the Port of Raymond on the Saskatchewan border. The northern portion from U.S. Route 2 (US 2) at Culbertson to the Canada–United States border is proposed as part of the Theodore Roosevelt Expressway.
Route description
MT 16 begins in West Glendive, across the Yellowstone River from Glendive, at an intersection with a business loop of Interstate 94. It proceeds north, crossing under I-94 before turning northeast to follow the left bank of the Yellowstone River and the Yellowstone Valley Railroad. After crossing from Dawson into Richland counties and passing through Knife River and Crane, the road meets MT 23 and MT 200 south of Sidney. With MT 200, the road continues into Sidney, then MT 16 leaves westwards on the northern outskirts of town and swings northwest, heading away from the North Dakota state line.
Leaving the Yellowstone Valley, MT 16 heads cross-country towards Culbertson, crossing the Missouri River a few miles south of town and entering Roosevelt County there. In Culbertson itself, the road meets US 2, then leaves north, passing Froid's western outskirts and then crossing into Sheridan County. Soon, it passes through the Medicine Lake National Wildlife Refuge, nearby Medicine Lake, and then swings around in an arc to a junction with MT 5, just southeast of Plentywood. The two highways have a concurrency through town, before MT 16 leaves northwards. It then has a clear run to the Canada–US border, continuing on as Saskatchewan Highway 6, connecting to Regina and beyond to Saskatoon.
Major intersections
References
016
Theodore Roosevelt Expressway
David Michael Pascoe (born March 2, 1967) is an American lawyer serving as the First Circuit Solicitor in the state of South Carolina since 2005. The First Circuit comprises Dorchester, Calhoun, and Orangeburg counties. In 2016, Pascoe won a Supreme Court case against the South Carolina Attorney General where the Attorney General attempted to remove Pascoe as the special prosecutor in a corruption probe involving the General Assembly. Pascoe oversaw the investigation and secured convictions on five powerful South Carolina General Assembly members that included the House speaker, President Pro Tem of the Senate, Chairman of the House Judiciary, and two former House Majority Leaders.
Education, early career, and endorsements
Pascoe is a Magna Cum Laude graduate of The Citadel and the University of South Carolina School of Law. He served as assistant state prosecutor from 1993 to 2005 successfully trying over 200 violent crimes. Included in those prosecutions is a "no body" case in which the Defendant was convicted of murder even though the victim's body was never found. He earned a reputation as being a hard line prosecutor on violent crimes but progressive in dealing with juvenile offenders and non-violent offenders.
Pascoe is a Democrat who rarely gets involved in other candidate's elections, believing prosecutors should stay out of politics. Joe Biden is the only candidate Pascoe has ever endorsed. He endorsed Vice President Joe Biden for President on January 23, 2020. In his endorsement, Pascoe stated that he had personally known the Vice President for over a decade and "that he is the most decent man I have ever met in American politics". Pascoe is considered to be one of the frontrunners to become the U.S. Attorney for South Carolina under the Biden administration.
First Circuit Solicitor
After taking office in 2005, Pascoe immediately put a plan together to aggressively combat violent crime in the circuit while at the same time establishing a progressive agenda to curb juvenile crime. He implemented a number of new programs. He recruited churches and organizations to start a Youth Mentor Program. The First Circuit Solicitor's Youth Mentor Program was recognized by the South Carolina Department of Juvenile Justice as the 2011 Diversion Program of the Year. Pascoe also implemented the Circuit's first youth and adult drug court programs. Pascoe continues to garner his reputation as being tough on violent offenders and successfully convicted and received death sentences on two murderers, Mikal Mahdi and Kenneth Justus. Pascoe served as President of the South Carolina Solicitor's Association from 2011 to 2013.
Corruption probe
On December 5, 2013, the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division (SLED) submitted an investigative report to the Office of the Attorney General regarding the conduct of South Carolina Speaker of the House of Representatives Robert "Bobby" Harrell. A State Grand Jury case was initiated on the basis of the SLED report. Counsel for Speaker Harrell moved to have Attorney General Alan Wilson recused from the case. Pascoe accepted Attorney General Alan Wilson's designation as special prosecutor in the matter prior to a judge ruling on the recusal motion. On September 10, 2014, Pascoe indicted Speaker Harrell for multiple violations of state ethics laws. Speaker Harrell was removed from office on October 22, 2014 and received a sentence of three years probation after pleading guilty to six counts of misuse of campaign funds.
On October 1, 2014, Pascoe sent an email to Attorney General Wilson referencing the December SLED report and stating that he believed legislators named in the report should be investigated as part of a corruption probe. Approximately nine months later on July 17, 2015, the Attorney General's Office requested SLED forward the report to Pascoe for a prosecutive decision. In March 2016, Pascoe and SLED Chief Mark Keel referred the case to the State Grand Jury by signing a case initiation form. Shortly thereafter, a dispute arose in which the Attorney General's Office claimed that Pascoe did not have the authority to initiate a State Grand Jury investigation, and that only the elected Attorney General could legally sign the initiation form. The Attorney General then sent an e-mail to Pascoe purporting to fire him from the case. In an unprecedented move, Pascoe filed a petition for declaratory judgement with the South Carolina Supreme Court seeking a declaration that the Attorney General recused himself from the case and vested authority in Pascoe to conduct the investigation. Pascoe argued the case himself while the Attorney General's Office retained the law firm of Nelson Mullins to argue on its behalf. The case was heard by the South Carolina Supreme Court on June 16, 2016 and the Court ruled in favor of Pascoe, holding that a strict interpretation requiring the personal signature of the elected office holder "would lead to an absurd result." The Court also gave Pascoe the "full authority to act as the Attorney General for purposes of the investigation."
Pascoe and SLED proceeded to thoroughly investigate two legislators who had served previously as House Majority Leaders, Representatives James "Jimmy" Merrill and Richard "Rick" Quinn Jr. Throughout the course of the grand jury investigation, Pascoe and his team discovered criminal conduct by other legislators as well as a political consulting firm associated with these legislators. Pascoe faced numerous challenges by targets of the investigation who sought to remove him, however, Pascoe prevailed in each courtroom battle. These discoveries, as well as other findings and conclusions, were summarized in a comprehensive grand jury report issued by the State Grand Jury on June 21, 2018.
The investigation is often referred to as "Pascoe's corruption probe," though Pascoe has only referred to it as the "State Grand Jury's investigation". The investigation resulted in conviction and removal from office of some of South Carolina's most powerful legislators. It also held corporate entities accountable. The business at the center of the investigation is Richard Quinn and Associates and was at one time arguably the most powerful consulting company in the state. Many of the state's most powerful figures were once clients of RQA including Attorney General Alan Wilson. Due to its deep roots in South Carolina politics, the business became known as the "Quinndom." The corporation pleaded guilty to unlawful lobbying on December 13, 2017 and is believed to be the only conviction recorded for the offense in the state.
In September 2018 Pascoe negotiated agreements with five of the state's most powerful corporations to settle potential criminal liability stemming from their dealings with Richard Quinn and Associates. The agreements, which were referred to as "corporate integrity agreements", were unprecedented in the state, however Pascoe argued that the agreements are a permissible use of his prosecutive authority.
On June 21, 2018, the State Grand Jury issued a comprehensive report that detailed its findings and conclusions after two years of investigation. The issuance of reports discussing the investigative work of a grand jury is not common in South Carolina and subjects of the report attempted to block its public release. Pascoe sought, and ultimately won the approval of the presiding judge of the state grand jury to publicly release the document without redactions. The report detailed the manner in which the Quinndom profited from its significant political connections by receiving lucrative retainers from corporations interested in expanding their political influence. The report also discussed the prevalence of undisclosed "dark money" spent by large corporations to influence elections and the problematic relationship between the Attorney General and the targets of the investigation.
Indictments
James "Jimmy" Merrill pleaded guilty on September 1, 2017 to statutory misconduct in office, was forced to resign from office, and was sentenced to probation.
Richard "Rick" Quinn, Jr. was indicted by the State Grand Jury on May 16, 2017 for statutory and common law misconduct in office. On December 13, 2017 he resigned from office and pleaded guilty to statutory misconduct in office. The trial court took two months before sentencing Mr. Quinn Jr. to probation. Interpretation of the plea agreement was subject to significant disagreement between Pascoe and the trial court. Pascoe appealed the guilty plea and sentence issued by the court, but the South Carolina Supreme Court ruled that the State was prohibited from appealing a guilty plea under the circumstances. The plea agreement was the subject of controversy, resulting in both criticism and praise of Pascoe's decision to permit the plea.
John Courson pleaded guilty to common law misconduct in office on March 16, 2017 for laundering $160,000 of campaign money through his political consultant, Richard Quinn and Associates. At the time of his guilty plea, Mr. Courson served as the President Pro Tempore of the South Carolina Senate. Mr. Courson maintained his innocence until the eve of trial, calling the investigation a "witch hunt". However, on the morning that his case was scheduled for a jury trial he agreed to plead guilty, resign his position, and cooperate with the investigation. Although he has entered a guilty plea, Mr. Courson awaits sentencing.
Jim Harrison is currently the only target of the investigation to face a trial by jury and is believed to be the first member of the General Assembly to be tried and convicted of misconduct in office in South Carolina. On October 26, 2018, a Richland County jury returned guilty verdicts against Mr. Harrison for statutory misconduct in office, common law misconduct in office, and perjury. The Court sentenced Mr. Harrison to 18 months in prison, making him the first state lawmaker to receive a prison sentence in the investigation.
The state grand jury also issued indictments against former House Representative Tracy Edge for statutory misconduct in office, common law misconduct in office, and perjury on October 18, 2017 and a single 12 count indictment against Richard Quinn, Sr. for perjury and obstruction of justice on April 18, 2019. Those cases are still pending.
South Carolina is one of the few states where Supreme Court Justices are elected by the legislature. The Supreme Court upheld Harrison's perjury conviction and 18 month prison sentence, but granted him a new trial on the other charges by a 3-2 decision. The majority opinion commended Pascoe for bringing the corruption to light, but that he lacked jurisdiction to prosecute the case due to the confusion of the Court's decision in Pascoe v. Wilson. The Court stated in its 36 page opinion that, "This is a difficult case, one that has resulted in a sharply divided Court."
Pascoe's string of public corruption convictions and removals from office of some of the state's most powerful lawmakers has been hailed as "a unique achievement in state politics in the modern era", but came to an end with his letter to the Attorney General's Office on February 16, 2021. Pascoe delivered the remaining pending prosecutions to the Attorney General's Office. His letter states "The citizens of this State deserve justice in matters of public corruption...Prosecuting legislative corruption is a Sisyphean task- this is even more true in our State, as emphasized by the 28th State Grand Jury in their report. But the effort spent bringing corruption to light is unquestionably worthwhile."
Confederate Flag Controversy at The Citadel
A Confederate Naval Jack has been on display in The Citadel's Summerall Chapel since 1939. On July 22, 2020, Pascoe wrote a letter to the college's President General Glenn M. Walters asking that he remove the flag from above the Chapel. Pascoe noted in his letter that, "the presence of the Confederate battle flag in our sacred chapel is a moral stain that runs contrary to The Citadel's teachings. Simply put, the flag persists as a symbol of slavery, prejudice, and defiance of the American promise in the right of all people to be free...The flag should go."
References
South Carolina Democrats
Solicitors
South Carolina politicians
Living people
1967 births
Alessandra Maestrini (born May 17, 1977) is a Brazilian actress and singer-songwriter.
Biography
Alessandra was born in Sorocaba, Brazil, the daughter of Noêmia and Emílio Maestrini. Alessandra liked early music, literature and art in general. As a girl, she used to create scenes, write, sing, dance, draw and direct her friends.
Already living in Rio de Janeiro, she took a vacation course with Cláudia Jimenez and at age 11 she went to the Tablado. She began to study singing at the age of 15. A year later she performed with the Company of Daniel Herz and Suzanna Krueger. At the age of seventeen she won a theater and music scholarship to study at the University of Evansville, in Indiana, USA.
Returning to Brazil, she entered the cast of the award-winning musical "As Malvadas" by Charles Möeller and Cláudio Botelho. From then on she did not stop anymore, alternating works between theater, television and cinema.
Filmography
Television
Film
Stage
Discography
Tour
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
People from Sorocaba
Brazilian people of American descent
Brazilian people of Italian descent
Brazilian television actresses
LGBT actors from Brazil
LGBT singers from Brazil
Actresses from São Paulo (state)
University of Evansville alumni
21st-century Brazilian singers
21st-century Brazilian women singers
21st-century LGBT people
Zeh is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
H. Dieter Zeh (1932-2018), German physicist
Harry Ntimban-Zeh (born 1973), French footballer
Judy Zeh, American statistician
Juli Zeh (born 1974), German writer
Norbert Zeh, Canadian computer scientist
Ray Zeh (c. 1914–2003), American football player
Stephen Zeh, American basket weaver
Pedalanka is a village in Guntur district of the state Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is located Kollur mandal of Tenali revenue division.
Geography
Pedalanka is situated near the banks of Krishna River and to the northeast of the mandal headquarters, Kolluru, at . It is spread over an area of .
Government and politics
Pedalanka gram panchayat is the local self-government of the village. It is divided into wards and each ward is represented by a ward member. The village forms a part of Andhra Pradesh Capital Region and is under the jurisdiction of APCRDA.
Education
As per the school information report for the academic year 2018–19, the village has a total of four MPP schools.
See also
List of villages in Guntur district
References
Villages in Guntur district
John Law is a British jazz pianist and composer, born in London to British and Austrian parents.
Biography
He started classical piano at the age of four, playing in public at the age of six. With early encouragement from the Austrian concert pianist Alfred Brendel he was awarded a scholarship to study piano and composition at the Royal Academy of Music where he studied from 1979–1983, winning prizes for piano playing. After being awarded an Austrian government scholarship to study with the Viennese pianist Paul Badura-Skoda he studied for a year in Vienna at the Hochschule für Musik und darstellende Kunst, Vienna. It was in Vienna that he first came across jazz and decided to pursue a career in this field, hoping to combine his love of the piano and performing with his interest in composition.
After some initial studies with Simon Purcell his early interest lay in freely improvised music. He performed with Evan Parker, Louis Moholo and Barry Guy, among others. In 1990 he began a long-term musical relationship with the saxophonist and composer Jon Lloyd, recording with Lloyd's quartet his first CD, Syzygy, for the Leo Records label. More recently Law appeared on Jon Lloyd's Vanishing Points (2013). Later John Law was to turn back to an exploration of his classical roots with a four-CD solo piano set entitled Chants, which was a series of compositions/improvisations based on early music and plainchant. Later still John turned towards a more recognisably contemporary jazz area, working with Tim Garland, Tim Wells, Dave Wickins, Steve Watts, Martin Speake, Paul Clarvis, Julian Siegel, Julian Nicholas and others, though his work has continued to include references to classical music, freely improvised music and the avant garde.
After 2005 Law was most widely known for his project The Art of Sound. The name of the trio, as well as the resulting series of four CDs, was taken from the name of the Italian studio where the recordings were all made: Artesuono in Udine, Italy. Playing almost exclusively Law's original, sometimes complex, sometimes extremely melodic, compositions, the trio, with Asaf Sirkis on drums and Sam Burgess on bass, recorded two highly successful albums: The Art of Sound, Volume 1 and Congregation, The Art of Sound Volume 4. Of The Art of Sound Vol 1, John Fordham in The Guardian wrote "As well as being a formidable thematic improviser, whose phrasing constantly opens up new twists, Law writes beautiful romantic ballads" and awarded 4 stars. Volumes 2 and 3 were both solo piano recordings. Later, the Russian bass virtuoso Yuri Goloubev came into the trio and it changed to John Law's Congregation. Known for incorporating subtle effects into the piano and bass sound and for the addition to the drum kit of glockenspiel, hang and other sounds, the trio became known as much for the wide palette of sound colours, within a conventional jazz piano trio, as for the instrumental virtuosity of the individual players and the intricate, intense atmosphere of Law's compositions. In All About Jazz Jakob Baekgaard wrote "Three Leaps of the Gazelle finds Law and his cohorts at the top of their game. It would be hard to find a more innovative and sympathetic trio working in jazz today." He awarded 5 stars. The same reviewer awarded 5 stars for John Law/Mark Pringle This Is. Jazzwise wrote "[Law, a] pianist with an international reputation, unleashes an unstoppable flow of ideas with whatever band he puts together, constantly trying new things."
Law also performs solo piano concerts. During 2002/3 he performed in a two piano project with the UK pianist Jason Rebello.
In 2001 Law's recording Abacus, featuring the American drummer Gerry Hemingway was awarded a prize, a Choc, as one of the best CDs of the year, by the French jazz magazine Jazzman. In 2005 Law was awarded a distinction at classical piano diploma level, gaining dipABRSM.
Law has also composed for, toured and recorded a large suite for large ensemble, Out of the Darkness, with Andy Sheppard and members of the London Sinfonietta. At the Purcell Room in London, John Fordham described Out of the Darkness as "an ambitious piece combining rich and slowly transforming (sometimes rather Mike Gibbs-like) harmonic movements, sudden clustered ensemble sprints, and systems-music overlays of phrasing deploying bassoon, brass and strings lines against the jazz instruments... A rich and completely distinctive contemporary music programme."
John Law has also performed classical music projects, mainly the solo piano and visuals Goldberg, where he played J.S.Bach's Goldberg Variations (on the modern grand piano) with live accompanying visuals by graphic artist David Daniels, adapted live to the music by Patrick Dunn; also his two piano project Sacre, with fellow pianist David Gordon, where they played a selection of Stravinsky's Rite of Spring with original jazz re-interpretations of some of the key movements interpolated in-between the Stravinsky.
His current three main projects are his original quartet Congregation, featuring James Mainwaring on saxophones, guitar and effects, his quartet Re-Creations, which plays creative arrangements of well known tunes by other people, and Renaissance, an ambient duo with saxophonist Jon Lloyd, with John Law on midi keyboards and laptop, playing improvised music over looped pads derived from early sacred vocal music, put together by Jasper Law, with live visuals by Patrick Dunn.
He has performed at over 50 festivals worldwide and made over 40 recordings. In 2020 he was awarded a prestigious Paul Hamlyn Foundation Award for Artists.
Selected discography
Syzygy (Jon Lloyd Quartet, 1992),
Exploded on Impact (John Law Quartet, 1993)
Head (Jon Lloyd Quartet, 1993)
Talitha Cumi (John Law solo piano, 1994)
The Boat is Sinking, Apartheid is Sinking (John Law, Louis Moholo Duo, 1994)
Pentecost (John Law solo piano, 1996)
The Onliest (John Law Trio, 1996)
Giant Leaves (John Law Trio, 1996)
By Confusion (Jon Lloyd Quartet, 1997)
The Hours (John Law solo piano, 1997)
Songs Without Words (John Law Trio 1998)
Strange Stories (John Law Trio, 2000)
Thanatos (John Law solo piano, 2000)
Abacus (John Law Quartet featuring Jon Lloyd, Gerry Hemingway, 2001)
The Moment (John Law Trio/Quartet featuring Tim Garland, 2001)
Monk 'n' Junk (John Law Trio/Quartet featuring Julian Siegel, 2002)
Out of the Darkness (Cornucopia Ensemble featuring Andy Sheppard, 2004)
Mimesis (Jon Lloyd/John Law Duo, 2006)
The Art of Sound Volume 1 (John Law/Sam Burgess/Asaf Sirkis, 2007)
The Ghost in the Oak, The Art of Sound Volume 2 (John Law solo piano, 2008)
Chorale, The Art of Sound Volume 3 (John Law solo piano, 2008)
Congregation, The Art of Sound Volume 4 (John Law/Sam Burgess/Asaf Sirkis, 2009)
The Journey Home (Nick Sorensen/John Law Duo, 2010)
This Is (John Law, Mark Pringle duo, 2011)
Three Leaps of the Gazelle (John Law/Yuri Goloubev/Asaf Sirkis, 2012)
Vanishing Points (Jon Lloyd Group, 2013)
Boink! (John Law featuring Jon Lloyd, Rob Palmer and Laurie Lowe, 2014)
These Skies In Which We Rust (John Law's New Congregation featuring Josh Arcoleo, Yuri Goloubev and Laurie Lowe, 2014)
Goldberg (John Law, 2014)
Re-Creations Volume 1 (John Law Quartet featuring Sam Crockatt, James Agg, Billy Weir, 2017)
Re-Creations Volume 2 (John Law solo piano, 2019)
Re-Creations Volume 3 (John Law Quartet featuring Sam Crockatt, James Agg, Billy Weir, 2019)
CONFIGURATION (John Law's Congregation, featuring James Mainwaring, Ashley John Long, Billy Weir, 2020)
Renaissance - Live at Malmesbury Abbey (John Law/Jon Lloyd/Jasper Law, 2022)
References
Sources
Cadence interview by Ludwig van Trikt
Baekgaard, Jakob. All About Jazz
External links
John Law official website
Living people
British jazz pianists
British jazz composers
Avant-garde jazz musicians
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Music
21st-century pianists
Year of birth missing (living people)
FMR Records artists
Leo Records artists
Batrachedra atomosella is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found in Yemen.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Robert Vogel may refer to:
Robert Vogel (judge) (1918–2005), justice on the North Dakota Supreme Court
Robert Vogel (marksman) (born 1981), American professional shooter and champion
Bob Vogel (born 1941), American football player
Dymo DiscPainter is a CD and DVD printer that prints a user's image or text of choice directly onto the disc, eliminating the need for labels.
The device prints directly onto spinning CDs or DVDs in 60 seconds for a 600dpi image. For a 1200dpi image the print time is reportedly about three minutes. Edge-to-center hub printing provides full coverage on the disc. Discus for Dymo software included ready-made canvases and a photo collage tool.
DiscPainter is manufactured by Dymo, a company that specializes in label-making devices.
According to The New York Times, the printer is small, silent and easy to use. They note however that the DiscPainter only works with inkjet-printable discs, which are a few dollars more expensive than regular discs.
The inkjet printer is useful to individuals in creative industries like designers, photographers, and artists who need to produce visually compelling discs. It also provides a smaller carbon footprint by consumers creating personalized CD covers at a time when downloading music was a new technology, which was hurting the thriving music industry, also allowing independent artists a cost-effective option to distribute their music.
See also
Dymo Corporation
References
External links
Dymo Corporation
Dymo DiscPainter
Q. Why aren't there any CD or DVD laser printers?
Non-impact printing
The Lebombi River is a river of Gabon. It is one of the tributaries of the Ogooué.
References
Lerique Jacques. 1983. Hydrographie-Hydrologie. in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 14–15. Paris, France: Edicef.
Perusset André. 1983. Oro-Hydrographie (Le Relief) in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 10–13. Paris, France: Edicef.
Rivers of Gabon
Manaskov () is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Dejan Manaskov (born 1992), Macedonian handball player
Martin Manaskov (born 1994), Macedonian handball player
Pepi Manaskov (born 1964), Macedonian handball player and coach
Macedonian-language surnames
Vetusta Monumenta is the title of a published series of illustrated antiquarian papers on ancient buildings, sites and artefacts, mostly those of Britain, published at irregular intervals between 1718 and 1906 by the Society of Antiquaries of London. The folio-sized papers, usually written by members of the society, were first published individually, and then later in collected volumes.
Publication
The full title is Vetusta monumenta quae ad Rerum Britanicarum memoriam conservandam Societas Antiquariorum Londini sumptu suo edenda curavit, but the volumes are normally simply cited as Vetusta Monumenta. There were various reprints of both individual papers and collected volumes, and the plates were often published separately from the text. According to the HOLLIS database at Harvard: "The seven volumes are dated 1747, 1789, 1796, 1815, 1835, 1883 and 1906 (for the fourth part of vol. 7). The plates for vol. 1 were published between 1718 and 1747; plates for vol. 2 were published between 1748 and 1789; plates for vol. 3 were published between 1790 and 1796; plates for vol. 4 were published between 1799 and 1815; plates for vol. 5 were published between 1816 and 1835; plates for vol. 6 were published between 1821 and 1885; plates for the four parts of vol. 7 were published between 1893 and 1906."
The series began the same year that the society formalised its existence with the first minuted meeting on 1 January 1718 at the Mitre Tavern, Fleet Street; the society's main journal Archaeologia did not begin publication until 1770. Members of the society received a free copy as each part was published.
Contents
The emphasis was on the large and detailed illustrations, initially high-quality engravings, which conveyed information on the subject matter in an accessible and economical way. Each issue was usually developed from papers and research of the society, giving a text description accompanied by illustrated details it had commissioned. The assemblage of maps, site plans and other details was a novelty that found popular appeal.
The views in the series contained images of people and other means of conveying scale, providing the perspective of the interested visitor. These accompanied text descriptions for the sites, but provided additional information with high levels of detail and multiple or idealised viewpoints to simulate a well-informed tour. Many of the plates show the setting, inset with exploded views, cross-sections and other architectural details, or objects found at the site. Other figures were interspersed with the text, or taking up several full pages. Critics have compared this approach with contemporaneous works that included the subject as an attractively sketched scene, illustrations were not yet recognised as a valuable source of information. The book used the multiple and separate details to synthesise encyclopaedic surveys that typified the approach of the natural historians and antiquaries, what Barbara Maria Stafford has described as "cross-referencing material bits of distant reality".
An 1803 article on the Rosetta Stone was amongst the earliest-published research. The first detailed account of the medieval French Royal Gold Cup in the British Museum was published in one of the last papers, of 1904, by Sir Charles Hercules Read.
Contributors
The following is an incomplete list of noted contributors, and their articles:
Thomas Astle
Thomas Amyot, a description of Tewkesbury Abbey
William Wilkins, "Observations on the Porta Honoris of Caius College, Cambridge"
George Gwilt the Younger, architect
Browne Willis, "A Table of the Gold Coins of the Kings of England" (1733)
Thomas Walford (iii. pt. 39)
Notices on illustrations mention the following engravers:
George Vertue, engraver to the society. Produced a drawing of the Holbein Gate in 1724, his 1727 engraving appears in volume 1, 1747. Other works include the portrait of Richard II at Westminster, the shrine of Edward the Confessor, and a view of Waltham Cross; nearly all the copperplate to 1756 was engraved by Vertue.
James Basire (1730–1802), one of Vertue's successors, who produced large and exquisite design on copperplate. His descendants of the same name, the son James Basire (1769–1822) and grandson (1796–1869), were also appointed engraver of the Society. His work for the volumes—after his appointment in the 1760s—is described as amongst his best; however,
William Blake, Basire's apprentice is thought to be partly, if not largely, responsible for many of the designs.
Charles Alfred Stothard, coloured facsimile of the Bayeux Tapestry in 1818
Jacob Schnebbelie (d. 1826), draughtsman to the society. Executed many of the architectural views of the second and third volumes.
Samuel Hieronymous Grimm
References
Further reading
External links
Archaeology journals
Society of Antiquaries of London
Architecture journals
1718 establishments in Great Britain
1906 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Publications established in 1718
Publications disestablished in 1906
Michael J. Duarte is an American sportswriter and reporter with the KNBC-TV broadcast team in Los Angeles.
Early life and career
Duarte is a native of Los Angeles, where he participated in soccer, track, cross-country, football, baseball, and basketball. He earned his undergraduate degree at the University of California Santa Barbara, where he won the Paul Lazurus Screenwriting Scholarship Award and the Corwin Writing Award. After stints as a freelance writer for online sports publications, Duarte became the sports editor for the Newsweek Group's Latin Times in 2014, where he wrote and oversaw a team of sportswriters covering the global and Los Angeles sports market until 2016. Duarte joined the NBC team in Los Angeles as a beat writer for the Los Angeles Dodgers in 2015 and ascended to the role as a Southern California sports columnist, regularly writing about the Los Angeles Lakers, Rams, USC Trojans, and more.
Duarte was named the 2019 Sports Journalist of the Year by the prestigious Southern California Journalism Awards in the fall of 2020. He is a two-time short-list nominee in the category of "Best Online Sports News or Feature" and one-time short list nominee in the category of "Best Online Sports Commentary". He was the recipient of the 2019 Award for the "Best Sports News of Feature, Online" for his article entitled, "One Year After the Borderline Tragedy, Love and Sports Help Provide Strength to a Grieving Community". In addition to writing and reporting, Duarte is a frequent guest on national sports television and radio. He is the co-host of the Bleav in Lakers podcast on the Bleav Podcast Network and is one of the hosts and founders of the Bolts by the Horns podcast.
References
Living people
American sportswriters
American reporters and correspondents
People from Los Angeles
Year of birth missing (living people)
Naomine Iwaya (born 10 December 1960) is a Japanese former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics.
External links
1960 births
Living people
Japanese male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Japan
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Asian Games medalists in alpine skiing
Asian Games gold medalists for Japan
Alpine skiers at the 1986 Asian Winter Games
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Winter Games
20th-century Japanese people
Eddie Lee Wilkins (born May 7, 1962) is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the New York Knicks in the sixth round (133rd pick overall) of the 1984 NBA Draft. A 6'10" forward/center from Gardner-Webb University, Wilkins played in 6 NBA seasons. He played for the Knicks (1984–85, 1986–87, 1988–91) and Philadelphia 76ers (1992–93). Wilkins graduated from Cass High School. His youngest son Evan Wilkins, better known by his stage name Ev Young is a singer-songwriter.
In his NBA career, Wilkins played in 322 games and scored a total of 1,534 points. On November 15, 1990, he had one of his best games as a pro when he scored 20 points in 20 minutes against the Portland Trail Blazers as a member of the New York Knicks. Often backing up Patrick Ewing (who joined the team in 1985-86), Wilkins would only start in 29 of the 296 contests he played for the Knickerbockers.
When Pat Riley came to New York, Wilkins was released. He went to Italy for one season (1991–92, joining Ranger Varese), before returning to the NBA the next season, signing a 2-year deal with the Philadelphia 76ers. Towards the end of the 1992-93 season, on April 15, 1993, the Sixers were playing the Orlando Magic, who were led by rookie Shaquille O'Neal. On a rebound attempt, Wilkins and O'Neal collided and became entangled. Wilkins tore his achilles tendon, missing the remainder of the season. His career was effectively ended.
In 1989, he established the Eddie Lee Wilkins Foundation, which later became the Eddie Lee Wilkins Youth Association. With the help of program director David Archer, Jr., Wilkins and the association began providing athletic and social intervention activities for youth in the Cartersville and North Georgia area. Wilkins currently runs a youth basketball league in Smyrna, Georgia for youth boys ages 4 – 6.
External links
Stats at basketballreference.com
Eddie Lee Wilkins foundation website
1962 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
Basketball players from Georgia (U.S. state)
CB Valladolid players
Centers (basketball)
Gardner–Webb Runnin' Bulldogs men's basketball players
Liga ACB players
New York Knicks draft picks
New York Knicks players
Pallacanestro Varese players
People from Cartersville, Georgia
Philadelphia 76ers players
Power forwards (basketball)
Quad City Thunder players
Rockford Lightning players
Savannah Spirits players
American men's basketball players
Sportspeople from the Atlanta metropolitan area
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Camp Kigali is a military compound in Rwanda, where 10 Belgian soldiers were killed on April 7, 1994, the day after the Rwandan genocide began.
References
Rwandan genocide
In linguistics, possession is an asymmetric relationship between two constituents, the referent of one of which (the possessor) in some sense possesses (owns, has as a part, rules over, etc.) the referent of the other (the possessed).
Possession may be marked in many ways, such as simple juxtaposition of nouns, possessive case, possessed case, construct state (as in Arabic, and Nêlêmwa), or adpositions (possessive suffixes, possessive adjectives). For example, English uses a possessive clitic, 's; a preposition, of; and adjectives, my, your, his, her, etc.
Predicates denoting possession may be formed either by using a verb such as English have or by other means, such as existential clauses (as is usual in languages such as Russian).
Some languages have more than two possessive classes. In Papua New Guinea, for example, Anêm has at least 20 and Amele has 32.
Alienable and inalienable
There are many types of possession, but a common distinction is alienable and inalienable possession. Alienability refers to the ability to dissociate something from its parent; in this case, a quality from its owner.
When something is inalienably possessed, it is usually an attribute. For example, John's big nose is inalienably possessed because it cannot (without surgery) be removed from John; it is simply a quality that he has. In contrast, 'John's briefcase' is alienably possessed because it can be separated from John.
Many languages make the distinction as part of their grammar, typically by using different affixes for alienable and inalienable possession. For example, in Mikasuki (a Muskogean language of Florida), ac-akni (inalienable) means 'my body', but am-akni (alienable) means 'my meat'. English does not have any way of making such distinctions (the example from Mikasuki is clear to English-speakers only because there happen to be two different words in English that translate -akni in the two senses: both Mikasuki words could be translated as 'my flesh', and the distinction would then disappear in English).
Possessive pronouns in Polynesian languages such as Hawaiian and Māori are associated with nouns distinguishing between o-class, a-class and neutral pronouns, according to the relationship of possessor and possessed. The o-class possessive pronouns are used if the possessive relationship cannot be begun or ended by the possessor.
Obligatory possession
Obligatory possession is sometimes called inalienable possession. The latter, however, is a semantic notion that largely depends on how a culture structures the world, while obligatory possession is a property of morphemes. In general, nouns with the property of requiring obligatory possession are notionally inalienably possessed, but the fit is rarely, if ever, perfect.
Inherent and non-inherent
Another distinction, similar to that between alienable and inalienable possession, is made between inherent and non-inherent possession. In languages that mark the distinction, inherently-possessed nouns, such as parts of wholes, cannot be mentioned without indicating their dependent status.
Yagem of Papua New Guinea, for instance, distinguishes alienable from inalienable possession when the possessor is human, but it distinguishes inherent from non-inherent possession when the possessor is not human. Inherently-possessed nouns are marked with the prefix ŋa-, as in (ka) ŋalaka '(tree) branch', (lôm) ŋatau '(men's house) owner' and (talec) ŋalatu '(hen's) chick'. Adjectives that are derived from nouns (as inherent attributes of other entities) are also so marked, as in ŋadani 'thick, dense' (from dani 'thicket') or ŋalemoŋ 'muddy, soft' (from lemoŋ 'mud').
Possessable and unpossessable
Many languages, such as Maasai, distinguish between the possessable and the unpossessable. Possessable things include farm animals, tools, houses, family members and money, but wild animals, landscape features and weather phenomena are examples of what cannot be possessed. That means basically that in such languages, saying my sister is grammatically correct but not my land. Instead, one would have to use a circumlocution such as the land that I own.
Greater and lesser possession (in quantity)
Greater and lesser possession (in quantity) is used in Modern Mansi.
Locative possession
Locative possessive is used in some Uralic languages.
Clauses denoting possession
Possession verbs
Many languages have verbs that can be used to form clauses denoting possession. For example, English uses the verb have for that purpose, French uses avoir etc. There are often alternative ways of expressing such relationships (for example, the verbs possess and belong and others can be used in English in appropriate contexts: see also have got).
In some languages, different possession verbs are used, depending on whether the object is animate or inanimate, as can be seen in two examples from Georgian:
Kompiuteri makvs ("I have a computer")
Dzaghli mqavs ("I have a dog")
Since a dog is animate and a computer is not, different verbs are used. However some nouns in Georgian, such as car, are treated as animate even though they appear to refer to an inanimate object.
Possession indicated by existential clauses
In some languages, possession relationships are indicated by existential clauses. For example, in Russian, "I have a friend" can be expressed by the sentence у меня есть друг u menya the yest drug, which literally means "at me there is a friend".
Latvian, Irish, Turkish and Uralic languages (such as Hungarian and Finnish) use an existential clause to assess a possession since the verb to have does not have that function in those languages. Japanese has the verb motsu meaning "to have" or "to hold", but in most circumstances, the existential verbs iru and aru are used instead (with the possessed as the verb's subject and the possessor as the sentence's topic: uchi wa imōto ga iru, "I have a younger sister", or more literally "as for my house, there is a younger sister").
For more examples, see .
See also
Genitive case
Possessive adjective
Possessive case
Possessive pronoun
Possessive suffix
References
Sources
Heine, Bernd (1997) Possession: Cognitive sources, forces, and grammaticalization. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
Grammar
Genitive construction
Grammatical construction types
Idaho Legislative District 10 is one of 35 districts of the Idaho Legislature. It is currently represented by Jim Rice, Republican of Caldwell, Jarom Wagoner, Republican of Caldwell, and Greg Chaney, Republican of Caldwell.
District profile (1992–2002)
From 1992 to 2002, District 10 consisted of a portion of Canyon County.
District profile (2002–2012)
From 2002 to 2012, District 10 consisted of a portion of Canyon County.
District profile (2012–2022)
District 10 currently consists of a portion of Canyon County, Idaho.
District profile (2022–)
In December 2022, District 10 will consist of a portion of Canyon and Ada Counties.
See also
List of Idaho Senators
List of Idaho State Representatives
References
External links
District 10 Map (Adopted 2011)
Idaho Legislative District Map (with members)
Idaho Legislature (official site)
10
Canyon County, Idaho
The 1986 Jordanian League (known as The Jordanian League, was the 36th season of Jordan League since its inception in 1944. Al-Faysali won its 20th title after winning the title play-off match against Al-Wehdat 2-0.
Teams
Map
Overview
Al-Faysali won the championship.
League standings
Al-Faysali won its 20th title after winning the title play-off match against Al-Wehdat 2-0.
References
RSSSF
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
Rosenborg Brøndanstalt was a day spa and mineral water factory located in Gothersgade in Copenhagen, Denmark.
History
Rosenborg Brøndanstalt was founded on 23 March 1831 at the initiative of Jonas Collin, medical doctor lægen Ole Bang, and Johan Georg Forchhammer to provide the citizens of Copenhagen with an alternative to visiting spas abroad. First Frederick VI and later Christian VIII contributed to the project by donating a strip of Rosenborg Castle Gardens along Gothersgade. The buildings were built to a design by royal building inspector Jørgen Hansen Koch in 1833.
The popularity of the institution peaked in the 1880s. The day spa attracted some 700 guests a year, while the mineral water factory produced two to three million quarter bottles a year which were sold through pharmacies across the country. The product range included mineral water, limonade and tonic water.
In 1929, Rosenborg Brøndanstalt acquired the mineral water factory Sødring & Co. in Østerbro. The activities of the two companies were the same year moved to a new factory at Bispevej 25in Bispebjerg.
The company was in 1950 headed by Svend Sørensen (1908-). Board members were professor Carl Faurholt (1890-), director L. Tholstrup (1896-) and lawyer J. C. Bang (1913-).
References
External links
Source
Defunct companies of Denmark
Danish companies established in 1831
Final Justice may refer to:
Final Justice (1985 film), starring Joe Don Baker and directed by Greydon Clark
Final Justice (1988 film) (霹雳先锋), Hong Kong film starring Stephen Chow and Danny Lee
Final Justice (1997 film) (最后判决), Hong Kong film produced by Johnnie To
Final Justice (1998 film), American television film directed by Tommy Lee Wallace
Insaaf: The Final Justice, 1997 Indian film
CMLL Juicio Final (translated as Final Justice), a series of Mexican professional wrestling events
Final Justice, the eighth book in the Badge of Honor novel series by W.E.B. Griffin
Garner E. Shriver (July 6, 1912 – March 1, 1998) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Biography
Born in Towanda, Kansas, Shriver attended the public schools of Towanda and Wichita.
He moved to Wichita, Kansas, in 1925.
He was in the University of Wichita, B.A., 1934 (postgraduate study at University of Southern California in 1936), and Washburn Law School, LL.B., 1940 and J.D., 1970.
He worked for a drug company in Wichita from 1934 to 1936.
He was a teacher at South Haven High School in 1936 and 1937.
He was admitted to the bar in Wichita in February 1940.
He served for three years in the United States Navy as an enlisted man and officer from 1943 to 1946. He served in the Kansas House of Representatives from 1947 to 1951 and then in the Kansas Senate from 1953 to 1960.
Shriver was elected as a Republican to the Eighty-seventh and to the seven succeeding Congresses (January 3, 1961 – January 3, 1977). In 1974, Shriver won with about 49 percent of the vote in a three-way race. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1976 to the Ninety-fifth Congress. He was defeated by Dan Glickman by three percentage points.
After losing reelection, he served as minority staff director and legal counsel for the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee from March 1977 until 1980, and then the committee's general counsel from 1981 to 1982. He later resumed the practice of law and was a resident of Wichita, Kansas, until his death there on March 1, 1998.
References
Retrieved on 2009-5-20
1912 births
1998 deaths
Kansas state senators
Members of the Kansas House of Representatives
People from Towanda, Kansas
Politicians from Wichita, Kansas
United States Navy officers
University of Southern California alumni
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
20th-century American politicians
Luosifen () is a Chinese noodle soup and specialty of Liuzhou, Guangxi. The dish consists of rice noodles boiled and served in a soup. The stock that forms the soup is made by stewing river snails and pork bones for several hours with black cardamom, fennel seed, dried tangerine peel, cassia bark, cloves, white pepper, bay leaf, licorice root, sand ginger, and star anise. It usually does not contain snail meat, but it is instead served with pickled bamboo shoot, pickled green beans, shredded wood ear, fu zhu, fresh green vegetables, peanuts, and chili oil added to the soup. Diners can also add chili, green onions, white vinegar, and green peppers to suit their taste.
The dish is well known for its strong smell, which comes from the pickled bamboo shoots. The dish is served in small "hole-in-the-wall" restaurants, as well as luxury hotel restaurants. In the late 2010s, many luosifen restaurants have opened in Beijing, Shanghai, and Hong Kong, as well as in other countries such as the US. Instant noodle versions are also very popular, with 2.5 million packets produced daily in 2019.
History
The origin of luosifen is not certain, but many believe it originated in the late 1970s and early 1980s. There are three legends that attempt to explain its origin.
First legend
According to a legend in the 1980s, some starving tourists traveled to Liuzhou in the evening and came across a rice noodle restaurant that was closed; however, the owner still served them. The bone soup, usually the main soup, was out of order, and only snail soup was available. The owner poured cooked rice noodles into the snail soup and served the tourists with vegetables, peanuts, and a bean curd stick side dish. The tourists liked the dish, which led to the owner improving the recipe and production process, slowly shaping the prototype of snail noodle soup.
Second legend
In the mid 1980s, there was a dry cut noodles grocery store on Jiefang South Road in Liuzhou. After studying in the morning, the shop's clerk decided to boil rice noodles with snails for breakfast. It is speculated that the old woman's snail stall is inside the goldfish lane of Jiefang South Road.
The lady thought the noodle soup was delicious, so she started to sell it as the "snail noodle". After years of improvement by local operators, the authentic Liuzhou snail noodle soup was created.
Third legend
In the late 1970s and early 1980s, the folk commercial trade in Liuzhou began to recover slowly from the Cultural Revolution. The Liuzhou workers' cinema was very popular during this time. Driven by the strong audience of these films, Gubu Street Night Market gradually formed.
Some people came up with an idea: river snails and rice noodles cooked together as food. After a film was over, customers accidentally asked the shopkeeper to add oil, water, and snail soup powder to the mixture. Over time, the recipe was perfected to suit the needs of customers, and the snail noodle dish gradually took shape. As the first original snack in Liuzhou, snail noodle soup has gradually become a landmark food in Liuzhou and even Guangxi.
Recent development
Mass production of packaged luosifen started in late 2014, making it nationwide household food. The yearly sales of packaged luosifen reached 6 billion yuan in 2019. Sales of packaged luosifen increased during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Dish preparation
Luosifen noodles are rice noodles that are boiled and placed in a soup or broth that consists of local river snails and pork bones. The broth is boiled with river snails and pork bones for three to ten hours; the snails give it a mild, sweet flavor. Other herbs and spices can be boiled for the broth, including black cardamom, fennel seeds, dried tangerine peel, cassia barks, salt, pepper, bay leaves, licorice roots, sand ginger, and star anise. The noodles can be made from older rice noodles for a chewier and firmer texture. Fried dried bean curd sticks, pickled bamboo shoots, black fungus, lettuce, peanuts, and preserved cowpeas can be added for flavor. These are the most common ingredients used in restaurants that serve these "smelly" noodles.
The dish itself does not contain snail meat. Instead, the dish consists of other types of meat or seafood, as well as vegetables like cabbages. At restaurants and food stalls, customers can order their noodles with pork, beef, chicken, shrimp, or other meat and seafood. Additions like chili oil and pickles can enhance the dish.
It is difficult to cook the dish, and recipes are rare. The easiest way to receive luosifen is at restaurants or by ordering prepackaged portions online or at a local market. Due to the limited information available, it is difficult to discern the authentic recipe. Many restaurants use tomatoes, leafy greens, diced chicken, chili oil, and chestnuts to enhance and balance the flavor. Others make it spicy by adding more peppers or chili. Some use sesame oil, red chili, jalapeños, tofu, cumin, and other spices to bring out the pungent flavor of the noodles and broth.
Prepackaged instant luosifen noodles are prepared like instant ramen. The consumer boils water and adds the prepared sauce or other vegetables that comes with the package.
Ingredients
The ingredients of river snail noodles are sour bamboo shoots, yuba, fungus, peanuts, and dried radishes. Some noodle stalls have sauerkraut, head vegetables, and shallots. Green vegetables are also an important ingredient for river snail noodles. Side dishes include duck feet, tofu, sausage, and marinated eggs. In the summer, stalls sell water spinach and Chinese cabbage, and, in winter, they sell lettuce, Yau Ma vegetables, mushrooms, cauliflower, and pea seedlings.
Luosifen is nicknamed a "bioweapon" by some due to its fecal-like odor, while enthusiasts believe that the scent gives the soul to the soup. Chemically, the scent comes from the fermentative pickling process of the sour bamboo shoots, which converts the amino acids cysteine and tryptophan to hydrogen sulfide and skatole respectively. Many locations and instant food manufacturers provide the option to exclude this topping.
Preparation
The dish is based on rice noodles and various ingredients including fermented bamboo shoots, Guda ears (a particular type of lignicolous mushrooms), fried peanuts, tofu, huanghuacai, fresh salad, and river snails, accompanied by sour-spicy seasonings. Luosifen soup also contains pork bones with spices, which are stewed for about two hours.
The main ingredient of the soup is dried Liuzhou rice noodles. Unlike others, Liuzhou rice noodles are produced only with aged rice that has already lost its fat and gelatin component; this is why they are cooked al dente. They are immersed in cold water before they are added to the soup.
Location
Luosifen noodles are a combination of Han, Miao, and Dong cuisine. From the Guangxi Zhuang region in South China, they are exported to other parts of China, the US, and Canada. When the noodles are exported to the US, they are sold in ready-to-cook packages. Luosifen is popular in Guangxi Zhuang due to the region's ethnic diversity. Liuzhou is known for luosifen noodles.
In Vietnam, a variation of luosifen – Bún ốc – is served. Originating in Hanoi, Bún ốc is a snail-based noodle dish usually served with fried green banana and fried tofu. It is served as a side-dish or appetizer rather than a main course. Bún ốc can be found in nooks, street food stalls, and luxury restaurants. Traditional luosifen noodles are also sold.
Luosifen can also be found in luxury restaurants worldwide. Some were first established in Beijing, Shanghai, and Hong Kong; they have also developed overseas. Altogether, there are over five thousand luosifen restaurants in China, Canada, and the United States. Seattle is one American city that has luosifen restaurants. The dish can vary depending on the region. Most variations stay true to the base, while adding different toppings and proteins, including preserved vegetables, soy products, egg, pork knuckles, and duck feet.
Luosifen noodles are also becoming popular worldwide through Chinese online store Taobao, which is one of the world's top-10 most visited websites. The store hosts 5,000 luosifen noodle shops and sells a daily average of 200,000 noodle packs.
See also
Bún ốc, a snail-based noodle dish in Vietnam
Rice noodles
References
Guangxi cuisine
Chinese noodle dishes
Liuzhou
Victor Hugo Czegka (May 21, 1880 – February 18, 1973) was a highly decorated United States Marine Corps warrant officer. He was awarded two Navy Crosses, the United States military's second-highest award, for his participation in the Byrd Antarctic expeditions.
Early life and service
Victor H. Czegka was born on May 21, 1880 in Austria-Hungary. Czegka immigrated to the United States in 1904 and eventually joined the Marine Corps from Clifton, New Jersey.
In 1909, then First Sergeant Czegka became the first Marine to win the Wimbledon Cup, a marksmanship trophy. He won the trophy using a telescopic sight he had built himself. Czegka became a naturalized American citizen in the state of Pennsylvania in 1916.
Byrd Antarctic Expeditions
First expedition
From 1928 to 1930, then Master Technical Sergeant Czegka was a member of the first Byrd Antarctic Expeditionary Team. Admiral Richard E. Byrd led Czegka and other explorers to Antarctica, setting up a camp on the Ross Ice Shelf called "Little America." The explorers collected mineral deposits and mapped out over 150,000 square miles of uncharted territory in harsh conditions.
Byrd personally requested Czegka to design and develop an insulated house to use during the expedition. Czegka was the chief machinist and also constructed stoves and snowmobiles. He prepared and modified the scientific instruments that were used, contributing greatly to the success of the expedition. Czegka was awarded his first Navy Cross for his role in the expedition. Czegka also appeared in a documentary about the expedition which was released in 1930, titled With Byrd at the South Pole.
Second expedition
Master Technical Sergeant Czegka would be awarded a second Navy Cross for contributing to the success of the second Byrd Antarctic Expedition. He was the general manager and supply officer from 1933 to 1935 during the expedition. In December 1934, during the second expedition, a 7,450 foot tall mountain was discovered by Quin Blackburn's geological party. The mountain, part of the Queen Maud Mountains, is located just north of the terminus of Van Reeth Glacier, on the east side of Scott Glacier. Admiral Byrd named the mountain Mount Czegka.
Later life
Czegka retired from the Marine Corps as a chief marine gunner after a total of 30 years of service on February 1, 1942. Czegka was awarded over 20 military decorations in addition to the Navy Cross. Victor H. Czegka died on February 18, 1973, at his home in Ipswich, Massachusetts. He was buried in Mount Auburn Cemetery in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
References
1880 births
1973 deaths
American polar explorers
Austro-Hungarian emigrants to the United States
Burials at Mount Auburn Cemetery
Explorers of Antarctica
Recipients of the Navy Cross (United States)
United States Marine Corps officers
Christian Nicolaus von Linger (5 April 1669 in Berlin, died 17 April 1755) was a Prussian general. He was chief of the Prussian artillery from 1716. In his 67-year military career, he served three monarchs in six wars, and founded the Prussian artillery arm of the military. He was appointed the first General of the Artillery by King Frederick II in 1744.
Family
Christian Nicolaus von Linger was the son of Solomon Linger, a Brandenburg master armourer, who died in 1683, and his wife Marie, (née Wiese). He was born on 5 April 1669 in Berlin and died on 17 April 1755, also in Berlin.
Military service
In 1688, as a 19-year-old, he entered the Prussian Artillery as a Bombardier. During the campaign against France 1689–1697, he served in the sieges at Bonn and Namur, and was promoted to lieutenant in 1696. In October 1701, he was promoted to captain and company chief, the highest position available to non-royal, non-aristocratic young men. A year later, in the War of the Spanish Succession, he examined and experimented with different artillery positions. For his service, Frederick I raised him to the Prussian nobility, awarded him the rank of major, and, in 1709, lieutenant colonel.
After his return from campaigning in the May 1713, Linger was released from active service. After the ascension of the so-called Soldier King, on 2 January 1714, Linger was reactivated in service and, a year later, served against Sweden in the Great Northern War. He participated in the occupation of Pomerania. After his activities in the sieges of Stralsund, and Stetten, he was promoted in 1716 to colonel and proprietor of the Prussian Artillery crops. With this new position, he centralized the royal Prussian artillery. He refortified the Berlin armory; he also refitted the factory in which armaments were made. Under his leadership, the factory produced large amounts of armaments and cannons for the First Silesian War. Linger standardized the caliber of the cannons, so that they had reliably configured 3, 6, 12, and 14 gauge barrels, making it easier to manufacture standardized cannonballs that would fit the proper-sized cannons. In 1724, he was appointed as a regional captain and councilman of Rosenberg, and in 1728, raised to the rank of major general. His loyalty to the Prussian king was rewarded when Frederick William made him a member of the military cabinet in 1730; after the Crown Prince's abortive attempt to flee to England, Linger was required to participate in the court-martial of Hans Hermann von Katte. Shortly before Frederick William's death, he promoted Linger lieutenant general in 1739.
Under his successor, Frederick II, Lingen organized the Siege of Brieg in the First Silesian War. After the occupation of Silesia the fortress at Glogau was expanded under his supervision. His strength lay in the establishment and construction of new Silesian artillery companies. In 1743, Linger was promoted to the general of the artillery, the first to hold that rank. A year later, Frederick the Great honored his worthy general with the award of the Black Eagle Order. During the Second Silesian War, Linger, already 75 years old, was at the head of the field artillery regiment at the Battle of Prague. He organized and directed the bombardment of the city, resulting in Prague's surrender on 16 September 1744. It was his last military action.
The King rewarded Lingen with properties at Alt-Künckendorf and Groß-Zieten near Angermünde; Christian Nicolaus von Linger died on 17 April 1755, at age 86 years, in Berlin. In his long soldier's life of 67 years he served three Prussian monarchs. Linger was buried in the Berlin garrison church.
Marriages and descendants
Lingen was married twice.
1698 marriage with Katharina Elisabeth Gräfen (died 1711)
This marriage produced five children, four daughters and a son:
Johanna Henriette (1699–1780) married Bernhard von Beauvryé (major general)
Charlotte married the Danish officer David Levin von Katte (1690–1758).
Dorothea Philippina (* 1703; † 24. Juni 1756) married the colonel of artillery Valentin Bodo von der Osten (1669–1757).
Friedrich Albrecht Gustav Ludwig von Linger (1757–1791); he married Katharine Dorothea Antoinette Küchmeister von Sternberg
Friedrich Albrecht Gustav Ludwig von Linger (1757–1791).
1716 marriage with Susanna Maria Kunsch von Breitenwald († 1745)
Wilhelm von Linger (1720–1756) died childless; he was a major in a Prussian cuirassier regiment.
Monuments
Linger's name, listed as C. V. LINGER GEN. D. ART., appears on the Equestrian statue of Frederick the Great in Berlin, Unter den Linden. The monument was erected in 1851 by Frederick the Great's great-great nephew, Frederick William IV.
On the occasion of the Königsberg maneuvers in 1910, Emperor Wilhelm II gave to the foot artillery regiment 'von Linger' (Ostpr.) No. 1 a bronze bust of the general, created according to a model by the Berlin sculptor Christian Daniel Rauch. The bust displayed in the traditional section of the artillery collegiate building next to the Haberberg Church. It was lost in 1945. Before 1914, retiring officers of the regiment received a reduced bronze copy of the bust as a farewell present. One of these replicas is preserved in the Artillery School of the German Armed Forces in Idar-Oberstein.
References
Sources
Giebel, Wieland (Hrsg.), Das Reiterstandbild Friedrichs des Großen. S. 11, 15 u. 38; Berlin Story Verlag, Berlin 2007;
Mühlpfordt, Herbert Meinhard, Königsberger Skulpturen und ihre Meister 1255-1945. Würzburg 1970, S. 263, Königsberger Bürgerbrief V (1967/68), S. 16 (m. Abb.)
Poten, Bernhard von, Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, herausgegeben von der Historischen Kommission bei der Bayerischen Akademie der Wissenschaften, Band 18 (1883), S. 709–710, Digitale Volltext-Ausgabe in Wikisource, Linger, Christian v.(Version vom 26 January 2017, 18:44 Uhr UTC)
1669 births
1755 deaths
People from the Duchy of Prussia
Military personnel from Berlin
German military personnel of the War of the Spanish Succession
German military personnel of the War of the Austrian Succession
Prussian nobility
18th-century Prussian military personnel
Generals of Artillery (Prussia)
The Cambridge History of Iran is a multi-volume survey of Iranian history published in the United Kingdom by Cambridge University Press. The seven volumes cover "the history and historical geography of the land which is present-day Iran, as well as other territories inhabited by peoples of Iranian descent, from prehistoric times up to the present.
History
The publication started in 1968 and in 1989 the last volume was published. The idea of publishing such a survey of Iranian history and culture was conceived in 1959 by Arthur J. Arberry. According to the scholar Hubert Darke, who served as editorial secretary to the project between 1970 and 1993, "The series was planned to be not simply a political history of Iran but to survey the culture which has flourished in the Iranian region and this culture's contribution to the civilization of the world. All aspects of the religious, philosophical, economic, scientific, and artistic elements in Iranian civilization have been studied, but with some emphasis on the geographical and ecological factors that have contributed to its special character."
The series consists of seven volumes. Volume 3 was published in two parts.
The title, editors and the publication date of the series are
Vol. 1. The Land of Iran, edited by William B. Fisher (1968)
Vol. 2. The Median and Achaemenian Periods, edited by Ilya Gershevitch (1985)
Vol. 3. The Seleucid, Parthian and Sasanian Periods, edited by Ehsan Yarshater (1983)
Vol. 4. From the Arab invasion to the Saljuqs, edited by Richard Nelson Frye (1975)
Vol. 5. The Saljuq and Mongol Periods, edited by John Andrew Boyle (1968)
Vol. 6. The Timurid and Safavid Periods, edited by Laurence Lockhart and Peter Jackson (1986)
Vol. 7. From Nadir Shah to the Islamic Republic, edited by Peter Avery, Gavin R. G. Hambly, and Charles Peter Melville (1990)
See also
Adrian David Hugh Bivar
Daniel Schlumberger
Encyclopaedia Iranica
The Comprehensive History of Iran
Iran Between Two Revolutions
Foucault in Iran
Iranian studies
Notes
References
Fisher, William B., Ilya Gershevitch, Ehsan Yarshater, Richard Nelson Frye, John Andrew Boyle et al. (1968-1991). The Cambridge History of Iran. Cambridge : Cambridge University Press. OCLC 745412
External links
Cambridge University Press information page
Iranian studies
History books about Iran
Cambridge University Press books
Cambridge
Damien Starkey (born October 20, 1982) is an American musician, songwriter and producer. He has played many roles in several bands, served as a vocalist for Society Red and Burn Season, bassist for Puddle of Mudd, and he also owns a company called Give 2 Get Music Group in which he is a music supervisor and composer for TV and film music. Damien has scored and wrote music for more than 70 TV shows and movies including American Reunion, Nitro Circus Movie, Freeheld, Pawn Stars, Bar Rescue, and Undercover Boss. As a producer he has written for and produced many notable artists including platinum selling bands Saliva, Daughtry and Avril Lavigne. The album "Project X" by Upchurch was co-written and produced by Damien and peaked on the album chart at #4 and #2 on the Hip Hop Chart. Damien was back on tour playing bass in Saliva for most of 2018.
Auditioning for Stone Temple Pilots: Via social media, it was later confirmed that Damien was in LA in April 2016 auditioning to be the new singer for Stone Temple Pilots. It was rumored that Starkey was only one of 8 singers selected by the band with them eventually choosing Jeff Gutt.
Damien also is CVO and managing partner in the music technology company Songlinkr.
Biography
Starkey was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. He moved to Jacksonville, Florida, at the age of 2, and began playing guitar at the age of 9. He started the early version of Burn Season with Bobby Amaru, vocalist of Saliva, at the age of 15. By the age of 18 they had a multimillion-dollar record deal with Elektra Records. Currently he lives in Jacksonville Beach, Florida.
From 2007 to 2011 he was songwriter and singer for Society Red, with former Puddle of Mudd rhythm guitarist Adam Latiff and former lead guitarist of Puddle of Mudd Paul Phillips. Also in the band was Brad Stewart formerly of Shinedown who now plays in Fuel. In 2010, following the departure of bassist Doug Ardito, he joined Puddle of Mudd.
Influences
Starkey has been quoted as saying that he grew up listening to a wide variety of genres. Many artists have influenced him, such as Guns N' Roses, Metallica, Dr. Dre, and Bad Company.
Discography
Burn Season
Burn Season (2005)
This Long Time Coming (2011)
Sleepwalker [EP] (2012)
Society Red
Welcome To The Show (2009)
Music from the Nitro Circus Movie
Soundtrack for Nitro Circus 3D Movie (2012)
Filmography
TV shows
Bar Rescue (Spike TV)
Pawn Stars (History)
Worlds Worst Tenants (Spike TV)
Celebrity Wife Swap (ABC)
The Quest (Indie)
The Profit (CNBC)
60 Seconds to Sell (A&E)
Country Bucks (A&E)
Crazy Train (NBC)
ESPN College Football (ABC)
ESPN Nascar (ABC)
ESPN Winter XGames (ABC)
Jimmy Kimmel Live (ABC)
Total Divas (E!)
Strange Inheritance (FOX)
Auction Hunters (Spike TV)
Great Food Truck Race (Food Network)
Lets Ask America (ABC)
Wicked Flippah (Discovery)
Gigilos (Showtime)
Who Are You? (Nat Geographic)
Challenge Me America (FOX)
Polygamy USA (Nat Geo)
My Teen Is Pregnant and So Am I (TLC)
Honey Do (TLC)
Triggers: Weapons That Changed The World (Military Channel)
Meltdown (Nat Geo)
The Numbers Game (Nat Geo)
MMA Uncensored Live (Spike TV)
The Great Food Truck Race (Nat Geo)
Undercover Boss (CBS)
Films
American Reunion
Nitro Circus Movie 3D
Game of Your Life
Win Win
Freeheld
Secret Wedding
References
External links
Puddle of Mudd Official Site
Operator Official Site
1982 births
American rock bass guitarists
Living people
Musicians from Cincinnati
Guitarists from Ohio
American male bass guitarists
Puddle of Mudd members
21st-century American bass guitarists
21st-century American male musicians
Nu metal singers
Southern Division may refer to:
Government and politics
Southern Division (Travancore), an administrative subdivision of the former princely state of Travancore in southern India
Southern Division (New Zealand electorate), a former constituency of the New Zealand Parliament
South Cork (UK Parliament constituency) or Southern Division, a former constituency of the UK Parliament
Railroad
Southern Division of the Long Island Rail Road
Southern Division of the Wisconsin and Southern Railroad
Other uses
FA Women's Premier League Southern Division, in England
Southern Army Division, a former division of the Swedish Army
Wendell Phillips Academy High School or South Division High School, a school in Bronzeville, Chicago, Illinois, US
Sports
American Division (NHL), the southern division of the National Hockey League in the 1920s-1930s
National League West, a division of the National League in Major League Baseball that was formerly much closer (in a geographical sense) to being a southern as opposed to western division
Southern Division (cricket), a division of Minor League Cricket
See also
Central Division (disambiguation)
Eastern Division (disambiguation)
Military Division of the South (1869–1876), a U.S. Army division during the Reconstruction Period
Northern Division (disambiguation)
South Conference (disambiguation)
South Division (disambiguation)
Western Division (disambiguation)
Savannah Bee Company is an American company based in Savannah, Georgia and founded by Ted Dennard in 2002. The company sells honey-related products and books, beauty products, beverages, and candles. The Savannah Bee Company has 15 locations in the United States.
Founder
Ted Dennard is the founder and CEO of the company. He was a beekeeper, and in 1999 his Tupelo Honey was sold in a friend's Savannah Georgia store. Dennard founded the Savannah Bee Company 3 years later, in 2002.
Dennard is concerned with bee conservation and threats to bee populations. In 2016 the company began to invest in teaching children about bees. He created a not for profit organization named the "Bee Cause Project". There are now 320 schools in all 50 states which have bee hives.
In 2015 Dennard received a permit from the Bahamian government to bring 12 bee hives to the Bahamas. In 6 months the beekeepers were able to begin harvesting honey. From those bees the estimate is that there are now 15 hives.
Company details
In 2014 the Savannah Bee Company featured in Google's economic report. Google stated in a press release: "The Savannah Bee Company has utilized online sales to better achieve results without expending a lot of money, as evidenced by their website's exponential growth." In 2013 the company's online sales of honey, health and other products grossed $1.35 million.
By 2019 the company had opened 14 stores in the United States, with multiple stores in Tennessee, South Caroline, and Georgia, as well as stores in Arizona, Connecticut, Colorado, and Florida.
The Savannah Bee Company is referred to as a "major player in the honey market".
The Savannah Bee Company sells several different types of honey, from nectar that bees collect from one flower. An example is Tupelo Honey: bees are moved to the area where the Tupelo tree blooms, and the resulting honey is from that flower only. The company sells 700,000 containers of honey per year, which is 350,000 pounds of honey.
As of 2020, there are 160 people working for the company, and 2,000 independent retailers selling Savannah Bee Honey.
See also
Bee pollen
Infant botulism
Honey hunting
List of spreads
More than Honeya 2012 Swiss documentary film on the current state of honey bees and beekeeping
National Honey Show
References
External links
Beekeeping and Sustainable Livelihoods (2004), Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations
Companies based in Savannah, Georgia
American companies established in 2002
Agriculture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Food manufacturers of the United States
Honey
2002 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Eisa Palangi (born 21 February 1999) is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Qatar SC. Born in Iran, he has represented Qatar at youth level.
References
Qatari footballers
Association football forwards
1999 births
Living people
Qatar SC players
Qatar Stars League players
Qatari people of Iranian descent
Sportspeople of Iranian descent
Naturalised citizens of Qatar
Qatar under-20 international footballers
Nectricladiella is a genus of fungi in the family Nectriaceae.
External links
Nectriaceae genera
General Blunt may refer to:
Asa P. Blunt (1826–1889), Union Army brevet brigadier general
James G. Blunt (1826–1881), Union Army major general
Peter Blunt (1923–2003), British Army major general
Panton Corbett ( – 22 November 1855) was an English Tory politician from Shropshire.
His family was a branch of the Norman Corbet family of Caus. Panton Corbett lived at Longnor Hall in Shropshire and Leighton Hall in Montgomeryshire.
He was elected at the 1820 general election as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Shrewsbury, having contested the seat unsuccessfully at a by-election in May 1819. He was re-elected in 1826, but was defeated at the 1830 general election.
He was High Sheriff of Shropshire in 1849.
His oldest surviving son Edward Corbett (1817–1895) was MP for South Shropshire from 1868 to 1877.
References
External links
1785 births
1855 deaths
Tory MPs (pre-1834)
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for constituencies in Shropshire
UK MPs 1820–1826
UK MPs 1826–1830
High Sheriffs of Shropshire
Michael Church is a Grenadian politician. He was the Minister of Trade and the Environment.
He was demoted in November 2010 after a trip to Italy. He resigned after he boycotted his own swearing-in ceremony.
External links
Cabinet Minister resigns in Grenada
Grenadian politicians
Living people
Government ministers of Grenada
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Pauleo jubatus is a species of sea slug, specifically an aeolid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Facelinidae. It is the only species in the genus Pauleo.
Distribution
The holotype of this species was found at Taino Beach, Grand Bahama, Bahamas, . Additional localities mentioned in the description include Grand Cayman, Little Cayman, Jamaica, Eleuthera, Belize and Honduras.
Ecology
This species feeds on the gorgonian coral Plexaurella dichotoma. Feeding on soft corals instead of hydroids is typical of the genus Phyllodesmium but in Phyllodesmium there are no functional cnidosacs, possibly because the cnidae of soft corals are not useful in defence of the nudibranchs. Pauleo differs from Phyllodesmium in having functional cnidosacs.
References
Facelinidae
Gastropods described in 1992
Dljin is a village in the municipality of Lučani, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 935 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Social Salvation started as an 1898 series of films and slides produced by the Limelight Department of the Salvation Army in Australia. It was directed by Herbert Booth, who would present the films while lecturing. By 1900 it had evolved to a series of 25 one minute films and 275 slides.
It has been acclaimed as the first Australian narrative film on social work.
References
External links
Australian short documentary films
The Salvation Army
1898 films
Australian silent short films
Australian black-and-white films
Limelight Department films
1890s short documentary films
The Western Railway of Alabama (WRA) also seen as "WofA" was created as the Western Railroad of Alabama by the owners of the Montgomery & West Point Railroad (M&WP) in 1860. It was built to further the M&WP's development West from Montgomery, Alabama to Selma, Alabama. When the line was constructed in 1870, the M&WP was merged into the WRA, creating a line from Selma to West Point, Georgia. It served Auburn, Alabama and connected in Opelika, Alabama to the Central of Georgia line from Columbus, Georgia to Birmingham, Alabama. Although it was partially owned by the Central of Georgia around the turn from the nineteenth to the twentieth century, it did not end up being owned by Norfolk Southern when that company came into existence due to the merger of the CofG's parent, the Southern Railway, and the Norfolk & Western Railway.
In the 1980s, the line and its sister railroads, the Atlanta & West Point Railroad and the Georgia Railroad, became part of the Family Lines System, along with the Seaboard coastline Railroad, the Louisville & Nashville Railroad and the Clinchfield Railroad. The lines were all later renamed Seaboard System Railroad, which in 1986 merged with the Chessie System to become CSX Transportation.
The WRA still sees regular freight service. Passenger service ceased January 7, 1970.
References
External links
Georgia Railroad History Pages
Defunct Alabama railroads
Defunct Georgia (U.S. state) railroads
Former Class I railroads in the United States
Historic American Engineering Record in Alabama
Predecessors of CSX Transportation
Railway companies established in 1883
Railway companies disestablished in 2002
Seaboard System Railroad
Sendaphne is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are about 11 described species in Sendaphne, found in the Neotropics.
Species
These 11 species belong to the genus Sendaphne:
Sendaphne anitae Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Sendaphne bennetti Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Sendaphne brasilianus Penteado-Dias, 1995
Sendaphne broadi Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Sendaphne dianariaspennae Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Sendaphne jatai Penteado-Dias, 1995
Sendaphne olearus Nixon, 1965
Sendaphne paranaensis Scatolini & Penteado-Dias, 1999
Sendaphne penteadodiasae Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Sendaphne rogerblancoi Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Sendaphne sulmo Nixon, 1965
References
Microgastrinae
Gopala Chandra Praharaj (27 September 1874 – 16 May 1945) was a writer and linguist in the Odia language, well known as the compiler of the Purnachandra Odia Bhashakosha. He also contributed significantly to Odia literature by his works in prose. A lawyer by profession, Praharaj wrote several satirical and analytical essays, in magazines such as Utkal Sahitya, Rasachakra, Nababharata, and Satya Samachar, on the social, political and cultural issues of contemporary Odisha (Odisha) during early 20th century.
Early life
Praharaj was born on 27 September 1874 to an aristocratic Zamindar Brahmin family of Siddheswarpur in Cuttack district. He completed his matriculation from Ravenshaw Collegiate School and studied FA from Ravenshaw college of Cuttack. He studied law at Calcutta University and became a lawyer in 1902.
Life as a writer
He started writing essays in the Magazine Utkal Sahitya in 1901 by the caption "Bhagabata Tungire Sandhya", which is the first published work by the author. It was followed by Bai Mohanty Panji and many other writings on socio-cultural and political issues. He followed the footsteps of Fakir Mohan Senapati and made a remarkable development in Odia satirical literature. Praharaj used the colloquial speech of Odisha along with Hindustani, Parsi, English, Sanskrit and folk language in his prose works. He wrote several critical essays with different pen names in many magazines up to his old age. However, he dedicated around three decades of his life to the compilation of Purnachandra Odia Bhashakosha.
Works
Purnachandra Odia Bhashakosha
Purnachandra Odia Bhashakosha is the most comprehensive lexicon in Odia language. It presents the meaning of words in four languages—Odia, English, Hindi and Bengali, and explains the origin, development and use of the words. It consists of around 9,500 pages and 185 thousand words in 7 volumes. Praharaj not only did the work of compiling the lexicon, but also raised funds for its publication and supervised its printing and sale. Praharaj included in this lexicon not only the words which were used in literature, but also the words of common speech. The publication of the lexicon was patronised by the kings/princes of several princely states of present Orissa (Odisha). It is still recognised as the biggest dictionary in Oriya (Odia) language, although few copies of the original printed version survive. An electronic version has been published by Srujanika.
Praharaj while compiling the Purnachandra Odia Bhashakosha, also introduced a new letter- ୱ to the Odia script inventory to represent the phonetic sound of (Wa) in order to distinguish it from ବ (Ba), with which it shared the same consonant ligature form/conjunct form(୍ୱ).
Essays
Praharaj was one of the satirists of early 20th century. His writings were published in many magazines of that period; Utkal Sahitya, Rasachakra, Nababharata, Satya Samachar and many others. Dealing with social issues, political condition of Orissa and India, and socio-cultural mentality of contemporary people these essays were written in humorous style and critical manner. Some of his essays were published in shape of books during his life. His notable works are Bhagabata Tungire Sandhya, Bai Mohanty Panji, Dunia ra Halchal, Nananka Bastani. Some of his writings are now difficult to obtain.
Other writings
Praharaj published a book Utkalara Kahani dealing with the folk stories of Odisha. Among the remarkable works of Praharaj is "Dhaga Dhamali Rachana" containing the idioms of Odia language. His other works include his autobiography, many poems and stories written for children, a book namely Bhasakosha Safar.
References
External links
Praharaj, G.C. Purnnachandra Ordia Bhashakosha. Cuttack: Utkal Sahitya Press, 1931–1940.
Purnachandra Odia Bhashakosha Download complete Odia dictionary (Preface + All 7 Volumes) at archive.org
Writers from Odisha
People from Cuttack district
20th-century Indian linguists
1874 births
1945 deaths
University of Calcutta alumni
Odia-language writers
Indian lexicographers
Indian satirists
Indian male poets
20th-century Indian poets
19th-century Indian linguists
Scholars from Odisha
20th-century Indian male writers
Linguists from India
Linguists of Indo-Aryan languages
North Zhongshan Road () is a station on Shanghai Metro Line 1. This station is part of the northern extension of that line from to that opened on 28 December 2004. It is named after Zhongshan Road, the inner ring-road of Shanghai.
References
Railway stations in China opened in 2004
Line 1, Shanghai Metro
Shanghai Metro stations in Jing'an District
Railway stations in Shanghai
Euchrysops philbyi is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in south-western Saudi Arabia and Yemen.
References
Butterflies described in 1954
Euchrysops
Siamogale melilutra is an extinct species of giant otter from the late Miocene from Yunnan province, China.
Ranking among the largest fossil otters, Siamogale represents a feeding ecomorphology with no living analog. Its giant size and high mandibular strength confer shell-crushing capability matched only by other extinct molluscivores, such as the bear-like marine stem-pinniped Kolponomos.
Taxonomy
The skull reveals a combination of otter-like and badger-like cranial and dental characteristics. The new species belongs to the Lutrinae because of its possession of a large infraorbital canal and ventral expansion of the mastoid process, among other traits. Siamogale melilutra was about 1.9 m (6.25 ft) in overall length and weighed at least 40 kg (88 pounds). The remains of the skull were found in China and were re-created with a special program called the CT scan which is able to reconstruct the skeleton without being damaged.
References
4. Xiaoming Wang et al. http://www.sci-news.com/paleontology/siamogale-melilutra-giant-otter-04557.html
Prehistoric mustelids
Miocene carnivorans
Otters
Prehistoric mammals of Asia
Miocene species extinctions
Fossil taxa described in 2017
Paleontology in Yunnan
Alexander Crawford may refer to:
Alexander Crawford (cricketer) (1891–1916), English cricketer
Alexander Crawford (sailor) (1842–1886), American sailor
Alexander Hunter Crawford (1865–1945), Scottish businessman
See Also
Alex Crawford (born 1962), British journalist
Rodriguan may refer to:
Anything of, from, or related to Rodrigues, an island which is part of Mauritius located 5608 km (3488 mi) east of Mauritius island
A person from Rodrigues, or of Rodriguan descent. For information on Rodriguan people, see Demographics of Rodrigues and Culture of Rodrigues. For specific persons, see List of Rodriguans.
Note that there is no language called "Rodriguan". The most widely spoken languages are English (official) and French. See also Rodriguan creole the country's native language.
See also
Mykola Platonovych Bazhan (; – 23 November 1983) was a Soviet Ukrainian writer, poet, highly decorated political and public figure. He was an academician of the Academy of Sciences of the Ukrainian SSR (1951), Merited Science Specialist of Ukrainian SSR (1966), Merited Art Specialist of Georgian SSR (1964), People's Poet of Uzbek SSR.
Career
Bazhan was a People's Deputy of the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union for two of five convocations (1946–1962), and the Supreme Council of the Ukrainian SSR for six of nine convocations (1963–1980). He was a member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union and was elected to the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Ukrainian SSR on several occasions at the party's congresses (17 of and 21 of 25). In 1943–49 Bazhan was a Deputy Chairman of the Council of Minister (Commissars) of the Ukrainian SSR.
Biography
Mykola Bazhan was born in city of Kamenyets, an administrative center of Podolia Governorate, yet his youth years he spent in Uman, Kiev Governorate. His father Platon Artemovych Bazhan, a native of Poltava region, was a military cartographer and a veteran of the Ukrainian People's Army.
In 1923 Mykola Bazhan graduated from the Uman Cooperative College and moved to Kiev where he studied at a cooperative institute at first and later at an institute of foreign relations. He was active in the Futurist literary movement, and his first poem was published in Kiev in 1923 and his first book "Seventeenth Patrol" in Kharkiv in 1926. In 1926 he married a Ukrainian writer and native of Kiev Hayina Kovalenko. They divorced in 1938, and he remarried, to Nina Lauer, shortly thereafter.
During the 1930s Bazhan's works were viewed as "anti-proletarian" and became a subject of a number official anti-nationalist campaigns. In 1937 he felt his arrest was imminent and he rarely slept at home. In 1939 Bazhan was awarded the Order of Lenin for his translation into Ukrainian of the epic poem "The Warrior in the Tiger's skin" by the medieval Georgian poet Shota Rustaveli. Bazhan found out about this, from a newspaper, while hiding from his imminent arrest in a city park in Kiev. He was eventually told by Nikita Khrushchev that his arrest had been ordered, but Stalin was fond of his Rustaveli translation, and changed his mind. In 1940 Mykola Bazhan joined the Communist Party of the Soviet Union and in the same year became a member of the Presidium of the Writers' Union of Ukraine.
During the Great Patriotic War Bazhan became a military reporter and the editor of the newspaper For the Soviet Ukraine. In 1943 he published a book, Stalingrad Notebook, for which in 1946 he received the Stalin Prize. In 1953-59 Bazhan headed the Writer's Union of Ukraine. During the "Khrushchev thaw", on July 2, 1956 he raised before the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Ukraine the issue of rehabilitation several repressed writers: Vasyl Bobynsky, Hryhorii Epik, Ivan Kulyk, Mykola Kulish, and many more.
In 1970 Bazhan was nominated for a Nobel Prize in literature, but he was forced by Soviet authorities to write a letter refusing his candidature.
From 1957 and until his death, Bazhan was the founding chief editor of the Main Edition of Ukrainian Soviet Encyclopedia publishing. The publishing was not completed in his lifetime; the first edition was, however, as the initial Ukrainian Soviet Encyclopedia in 17 volumes was released 1959–1965. A second (and final, as events would develop) 12-volume work was released 1977–1985. The enterprise was additionally responsible for a large number of other major Ukrainian reference works. Bazhan also was one of co-authors of the Anthem of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic. He died in Kiev in 1983.
Moisei Fishbein, a notable Ukrainian poet was Bazhan's literary secretary.
Bazhan in English
A collection of English translations of Bazhan's futurist poetry titled Quiet Spiders of the Hidden Soul was published by the Academic Studies Press
in 2019.
Awards and prizes
Shota Rustaveli State Prize of the Georgian SSR (1937)
Order of Lenin (1939, 1954, 1960, 1964, 1974)
Order of the Red Banner (1940s)
Stalin Prize (1946, 1949)
Order of the Red Banner of Labour (1948, 1967)
Taras Shevchenko State Prize of the Ukrainian SSR (1965)
State Prize of the Ukrainian SSR (1971)
Hero of Socialist Labour (1974)
External links
Bazhan's poetry in English translation
References
This article may be expanded with text translated from the corresponding article in the Russian Wikipedia.
1904 births
1983 deaths
People from Kamianets-Podilskyi
People from Kamenets-Podolsky Uyezd
Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
Vice Prime Ministers of Ukraine
Third convocation members of the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union
Fourth convocation members of the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union
Fifth convocation members of the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union
Sixth convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic
Seventh convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic
Eighth convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic
Ninth convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic
Tenth convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic
Soviet male poets
Ukrainian male poets
20th-century Ukrainian poets
20th-century male writers
Translators of William Shakespeare
Members of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine
Heroes of Socialist Labour
Stalin Prize winners
Lenin Prize winners
Recipients of the Order of Lenin
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner of Labour
Recipients of the Shevchenko National Prize
Rustaveli Prize winners
Burials at Baikove Cemetery
Grinding is a type of abrasive machining process which uses a grinding wheel as cutting tool.
A wide variety of machines are used for grinding, best classified as portable or stationary:
Portable power tools such as angle grinders, die grinders and cut-off saws
Stationary power tools such as bench grinders and cut-off saws
Stationary hydro- or hand-powered sharpening stones
Milling practice is a large and diverse area of manufacturing and toolmaking. It can produce very fine finishes and very accurate dimensions; yet in mass production contexts, it can also rough out large volumes of metal quite rapidly. It is usually better suited to the machining of very hard materials than is "regular" machining (that is, cutting larger chips with cutting tools such as tool bits or milling cutters), and until recent decades it was the only practical way to machine such materials as hardened steels. Compared to "regular" machining, it is usually better suited to taking very shallow cuts, such as reducing a shaft's diameter by half a thousandth of an inch or 12.7 μm.
Grinding is a subset of cutting, as grinding is a true metal-cutting process. Each grain of abrasive functions as a microscopic single-point cutting edge (although of high negative rake angle), and shears a tiny chip that is analogous to what would conventionally be called a "cut" chip (turning, milling, drilling, tapping, etc.) . However, among people who work in the machining fields, the term cutting is often understood to refer to the macroscopic cutting operations, and grinding is often mentally categorized as a "separate" process. This is why the terms are usually used separately in shop-floor practice.
Lapping and sanding are subsets of grinding.
Processes
Selecting which of the following grinding operations to be used is determined by the size, shape, features and the desired production rate.
Creep-feed grinding
Creep-feed grinding (CFG) was a grinding process which was invented in Germany in the late 1950s by Edmund and Gerhard Lang. Normal grinding is used primarily to finish surfaces. But CFG is used for high rates of material removal, competing with milling and turning as a manufacturing process choice. CFG has grinding depth up to 6 mm (0.236 inches) and workpiece speed is low. Surfaces with a softer-grade resin bond are used to keep workpiece temperature low and an improved surface finish up to 1.6 μm Rmax.
CFG can take 117 s to remove of material. Precision grinding would take more than 200 s to do the same. CFG has the disadvantage of a wheel that is constantly degrading, requires high spindle power (), and is limited in the length of part it can machine.
To address the problem of wheel sharpness, continuous-dress creep-feed grinding (CDCF) was developed in the 1970s. The wheel is dressed constantly during machining in CDCF process and keeps the wheel in a state of specified sharpness. It takes only 17 s to remove of material, a huge gain in productivity. 38 hp (28 kW) spindle power is required, with a low to conventional spindle speeds. The limit on part length was erased.
High-efficiency deep grinding (HEDG) is another type of grinding. This process uses plated superabrasive wheels. These wheels never need dressing and last longer than other wheels. This reduces capital equipment investment costs. HEDG can be used on long part lengths and removes material at a rate of in 83 s. HEDG requires high spindle power and high spindle speeds.
Peel grinding, patented under the name of Quickpoint in 1985 by Erwin Junker Maschinenfabrik, GmbH in Nordrach, Germany, uses a thin superabrasive grinding disk oriented almost parallel to a cylindrical workpiece and operates somewhat like a lathe turning tool.
Ultra-high speed grinding (UHSG) can run at speeds higher than 40,000 fpm (200 m/s), taking 41 s to remove of material, but is still in the research and development (R&D) stage. It also requires high spindle power and high spindle speeds.
Cylindrical grinding
Cylindrical grinding (also called center-type grinding) is used to grind the cylindrical surfaces and shoulders of the workpiece. The workpiece is mounted on centers and rotated by a device known as a lathe dog or center driver. The abrasive wheel and the workpiece are rotated by separate motors and at different speeds. The table can be adjusted to produce tapers. The wheel head can be swiveled. The five types of cylindrical grinding are: outside diameter (OD) grinding, inside diameter (ID) grinding, plunge grinding, creep feed grinding, and centerless grinding.
A cylindrical grinder has a grinding (abrasive) wheel, two centers that hold the workpiece, and a chuck, grinding dog, or other mechanism to drive the work. Most cylindrical grinding machines include a swivel to allow the forming of tapered pieces. The wheel and workpiece move parallel to one another in both the radial and longitudinal directions. The abrasive wheel can have many shapes. Standard disk-shaped wheels can be used to create a tapered or straight workpiece geometry, while formed wheels are used to create a shaped workpiece. The process using a formed wheel creates less vibration than using a regular disk-shaped wheel.
Tolerances for cylindrical grinding are held within ± for diameter and ± for roundness. Precision work can reach tolerances as high as ± for diameter and ± for roundness. Surface finishes can range from to , with typical finishes ranging from .
Surface grinding
Surface grinding uses a rotating abrasive wheel to remove material, creating a flat surface. The tolerances that are normally achieved with grinding are ± for grinding a flat material and ± for a parallel surface.
The surface grinder is composed of an abrasive wheel, a workholding device known as a chuck, either electromagnetic or vacuum, and a reciprocating table.
Grinding is commonly used on cast iron and various types of steel. These materials lend themselves to grinding because they can be held by the magnetic chuck commonly used on grinding machines and do not melt into the cutting wheel, clogging it and preventing it from cutting. Materials that are less commonly ground are aluminum, stainless steel, brass, and plastics. These all tend to clog the cutting wheel more than steel and cast iron, but with special techniques it is possible to grind them.
Others
Centerless grinding is when the workpiece is supported by a blade instead of by centers or chucks. Two wheels are used. The larger one is used to grind the surface of the workpiece and the smaller wheel is used to regulate the axial movement of the workpiece. Types of centerless grinding include through-feed grinding, in-feed/plunge grinding, and internal centerless grinding.
Electrochemical grinding is a type of grinding in which a positively charged workpiece in a conductive fluid is eroded by a negatively charged grinding wheel. The pieces from the workpiece are dissolved into the conductive fluid.
Electrolytic in-process dressing (ELID) grinding is one of the most accurate grinding methods. In this ultra precision grinding technology the grinding wheel is dressed electrochemically and in-process to maintain the accuracy of the grinding. An ELID cell consists of a metal bonded grinding wheel, a cathode electrode, a pulsed DC power supply and electrolyte. The wheel is connected to the positive terminal of the DC power supply through a carbon brush whereas the electrode is connected to the negative pole of the power supply. Usually alkaline liquids are used as both electrolytes and coolant for grinding. A nozzle is used to inject the electrolyte into the gap between wheel and electrode. The gap is usually maintained to be approximately 0.1mm to 0.3 mm. During the grinding operation one side of the wheel takes part in the grinding operation whereas the other side of the wheel is being dressed by electrochemical reaction. The dissolution of the metallic bond material is caused by the dressing which in turns results continuous protrusion of new sharp grits.
is a specialized type of cylindrical grinding where the grinding wheel has the exact shape of the final product. The grinding wheel does not traverse the workpiece.
Internal grinding is used to grind the internal diameter of the workpiece. Tapered holes can be ground with the use of internal grinders that can swivel on the horizontal.
Pre-grinding - When a new tool has been built and has been heat-treated, it is pre-ground before welding or hardfacing commences. This usually involves grinding the outside diameter (OD) slightly higher than the finish grind OD to ensure the correct finish size.
Grinding wheel
A grinding wheel is an expendable wheel used for various grinding and abrasive machining operations. It is generally made from a matrix of coarse abrasive particles pressed and bonded together to form a solid, circular shape, various profiles and cross-sections are available depending on the intended usage for the wheel. Grinding wheels may also be made from a solid steel or aluminium disc with particles bonded to the surface.
Lubrication
The use of fluids in a grinding process is often necessary to cool and lubricate the wheel and workpiece as well as remove the chips produced in the grinding process. The most common grinding fluids are water-soluble chemical fluids, water-soluble oils, synthetic oils, and petroleum-based oils. It is imperative that the fluid be applied directly to the cutting area to prevent the fluid being blown away from the piece due to rapid rotation of the wheel.
The workpiece
Workholding methods
The workpiece is manually clamped to a lathe dog, powered by the faceplate, that holds the piece in between two centers and rotates the piece. The piece and the grinding wheel rotate in opposite directions and small bits of the piece are removed as it passes along the grinding wheel. In some instances special drive centers may be used to allow the edges to be ground. The workholding method affects the production time as it changes set up times.
Workpiece materials
Typical workpiece materials include aluminum, brass, plastics, cast iron, mild steel, and stainless steel. Aluminum, brass and plastics can have poor to fair machinability characteristics for cylindrical grinding. Cast Iron and mild steel have very good characteristics for cylindrical grinding. Stainless steel is very difficult to grind due to its toughness and ability to work harden, but can be worked with the right grade of grinding wheels.
Workpiece geometry
The final shape of a workpiece is the mirror image of the grinding wheel, with cylindrical wheels creating cylindrical pieces and formed wheels creating formed pieces. Typical sizes on workpieces range from 0.75 in to 20 in (18 mm to 1 m) and 0.80 in to 75 in (2 cm to 4 m) in length, although pieces from 0.25 in to 60 in (6 mm to 1.5 m) in diameter and 0.30 in to 100 in (8 mm to 2.5 m) in length can be ground. Resulting shapes can be straight cylinders, straight-edged conical shapes, or even crankshafts for engines that experience relatively low torque.
Effects on workpiece materials
Chemical property changes include an increased susceptibility to corrosion because of high surface stress.
Mechanical properties will change due to stresses put on the part during finishing. High grinding temperatures may cause a thin martensitic layer to form on the part, which will lead to reduced material strength from microcracks.
Physical property changes include the possible loss of magnetic properties on ferromagnetic materials.
See also
References
Bibliography
Grinding and lapping
Sharpening
Kotoula is a small town and seat of the commune of Benkadi in the Cercle of Dioila in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.
References
Populated places in Koulikoro Region
Simms Settlement is a rural community of the Municipality of The District of Chester in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Sacred Heart Catholic Church is a church at 326 Main Street in Yarmouth, Maine, United States. It was built, in 1929, from stone quarried from North Yarmouth.
Mass was first said in Yarmouth on November 12, 1856, in the home of Patrick Doran. After that, services were rotated amongst families willing to host. Mass was initially celebrated once every couple of months and always on a weekday. If people wanted to worship in a church on Sunday, they had to travel (often by foot) to Portland, twelve miles to the south.
The cornerstone of the church was laid in 1921, and construction took eight years. When the church was dedicated, in 1929, its interior was still unfinished.
The church was restored in 1973 to reflect the original plans of its first pastor, Father Joseph Quinn. This included revealing its wooden beams in the vaulted ceiling and uncovering its rose window.
It underwent another major renovation in 1992, when its basement was converted into a meeting space.
In 2011, Sacred Heart joined the Parish of the Holy Eucharist on Foreside Road in Falmouth.
Pastors
The church has had fifteen pastors in its history. Father Joseph Quinn was the longest-serving (27 years).
Father Joseph Quinn (1910–1937)
Father Edward Walsch (1937–1954)
Father James Daly (1954–1967)
Father Henry Pender (1967–1968)
Father Francis LeTourneau (1968–1973)
Father Charles M. Murphy (1973–1978)
Father Conrad L'Heureux (1978–1984)
Father Roger Chabot (1984–1992)
Father Richard O'Donnell (1992–2000)
Msg. Paul Stefanko (2000–2005)
Father Ray Picard (2005–2010)
Father Joseph Ford (2010–2012)
Father Daniel Greenleaf (2012–2019)
Father Philip A. Tracy (2019–2022)
Father Steven Cartwright (2022–present)
References
External links
Official website
Churches completed in 1929
20th-century churches in the United States
Churches in Yarmouth, Maine
Novy Shugan () is a rural locality (a village) in Mikhaylovsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 124 as of 2010. There are 3 streets.
Geography
Novy Shugan is located 24 km south of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Mikhaylovka is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
The 2015 AMF Futsal Men's World Cup was the 11th edition of the AMF Futsal World Cup. The tournament was held in Belarus from 17 to 25 April in the cities of Brest, Minsk, Pinsk, Maladzyechna and Barysaw. Sixteen national teams from all confederations participated in the tournament. Colombia won the tournament by defeating Paraguay 4–0 in the final, achieving its second consecutive title and third overall.
Venues
Matches were played in six venues across five cities: Brest, Minsk, Pinsk, Maladzyechna and Barysaw.
Participating teams
In addition to host nation Belarus, 15 nations qualified.
1.Teams that made their debut.
Squads
Group stage
The group winners and runners-up advanced to the quarter-finals.
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Knockout stage
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Third place play-off
Final
Top goalscorers
10 goals
Darío Herrera
Marcio Gentil
8 goals
Camilo Gómez
7 goals
Marcelo Mescolatti
Steven Dillien
Jhon Pinilla
6 goals
Miguel Tapia
Jorge Cuervo
5 goals
Diego Abril
4 goals
Hicham Channouf
Thierry Djedje
Afgan Rahmanov
3 goals
Facundo Contreras
Renzo Grasso
Bilal El Merboh
Antoine Lemaire
Rafael Duran
El Hafid Abdessamade
Yassine Laaraj
Yassine Qoli
Thomas Lyngbø
Jorge Espinoza
Nicolás Saffe
Éver Salinas
Roman Senatorov
2 goals
Mariano Cardone
Matthew Hoole
Grant Lynch
Vladislav Seliuk
Artiom Yakubov
Julio César Feitosa
Alejandro Dimas
Andrés Murillo
Miroslav Rott
Martin Sop
El Hammouchi Ammed
Jørgen Bjelland
Christian Ersland
Óscar Cáceres
Sergej Harin
Mihail Zapletin
Jakub Baranovič
Mauricio Gianechini
Humberto Moreno
Énderson Suárez
1 goal
Diego Koltes
Gonzalo Pires
Diego Vázquez
Angelo De Brandt
Soufiane Tigra
Domien Vanderveck
Alekséi Nalivaiko
Dmitri Tesliuk
Gustavo Camargo
Leonardo Rocha
John Celis
Felipe Echavarría
Cristofer Martínez
Diego Castillo
Luigino Hoyer
Stallone Isenia
Dannick Koeiman
Jean Paulleta
Tomáš Abrhám
Tomáš Fichtner
Daniar Abdraimov
Adilet Kultaev
Alovaen Ahmed
Bilal Amin
Anin Bilal
El Farrousi Smail
Alf Jakob Aano
Andrej Chibirev
Konstantin Markov
Boris Vardanjan
Anton Bahna
Miloš Hubočan
Michal Németh
Vladimír Papajčík
Jozef Pápež
Libor Ťažký
Elio Hernández
Esteban Lorier
Augusto Santos
Leonardo Triunfo
Marco Colina
Robert Mena
Carlos Méndez
Roberto Ramos
Paolo Sánchez
Tournament team rankings
|-
| colspan="11"| Eliminated in the quarter-finals
|-
|-
| colspan="11"| Eliminated in the group stage
|-
References
External links
Official website
AMF Futsal World Cup
2015 in futsal
International futsal competitions hosted by Belarus
2015 in Belarusian football
Hypnum cupressiforme, the cypress-leaved plaitmoss or hypnum moss, is a common and widespread species of moss belonging to the genus Hypnum. It is found in all continents except Antarctica and occurs in a wide variety of habitats and climatic zones. It typically grows on tree trunks, logs, walls, rocks and other surfaces. It prefers acidic environments and is fairly tolerant of pollution. It was formerly used as a filling for pillows and mattresses; the association with sleep is the origin of the genus name Hypnum (from Greek Hypnos).
It is a small to medium-sized moss about 2–10 cm long. It is pleurocarpous, having prostrate, creeping stems which form smooth, dense mats. The stems are branched and covered in overlapping leaves giving the impression of a cypress tree. The stem leaves are long and thin measuring 1.0-2.1 mm by 0.3-0.6 mm. They are concave and sickle-shaped, tapering towards the tip. The branch leaves are smaller and narrower than those on the stems. The moss produces short, cylindrical and slightly curved capsules which contain the spores. The capsules are 1.7-2.4 mm long and have a lid-like operculum measuring 0.6-0.9 mm. They are borne on reddish-brown stalks which are 1-2.5 cm long. The moss is dioicous, having separate male and female plants. Hypnum cupressiforme is a highly variable species and numerous varieties have been described.
References
Bryophyte Flora of North America. Hypnum cupressiforme. Accessed 22 July 2008.
Glime, Janice M. (2007) "Household and personal uses", Bryophyte Ecology. Accessed 22 July 2008.
Phillips, Roger (1994) Grasses, Ferns, Mosses & Lichens of Great Britain and Ireland, Macmillan, London.
Smith, A. J. E. (2004) The moss flora of Britain and Ireland'', 2nd ed., Cambridge University Press, Cambridge.
Hypnaceae
Plants described in 1801
Taxa named by Johann Hedwig
Flemming Jensen may refer to the following Danish rowers:
Flemming Jensen (born 1914) (1914–1965), Olympic rower at the 1936 Berlin Olympics
Flemming Jensen (fl. 1980s), World Rowing Championships medallist during the 1980s
Othenente Makan () is a 1970 Indian Malayalam-language action drama film directed and produced by Kunchacko. It is a sequel to the 1964 film Thacholo Othenan, followed by Kadathanadan Ambadi (1990). The film stars Prem Nazir, Ragini, Sathyan, Sheela and Kaviyoor Ponnamma. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Plot
This is a sad tale of a brave woman, Thekkumpattu Kunji, to whom life was overwhelmingly unfair.
The movie opens introducing the feudal families of Thekkumpattu and Vadakkumpattu who have been friendly, though scheming, rivals in the region for long. A happy and peaceful future is expected at present due to the relationship between the scions of the two families - the elegant Thekkumpattu Kunji and the accomplished Vadakkumpattu Chandutty who are soon set to marry. However, a cruel twist of fate overturns their life forever. The year being the turn of Vadakkumpattu family to conduct the yearly festival at the temple, the industrious Vadakkumpattu family head has made sure that their own side of the fare eclipses that of Themkkumpattu side in every way. In a fit of jealousy, the Thekkumpattu family head (Kunji's father) disturbs an elephant in order to spoil the charm, but in the ensuing chaos, the Vadakkumpattu family head is stamped underfoot by the elephant.
Chandutty soon learns how the Thekkumpattu head is responsible for his uncle's brutal death. Enraged, he attacks the Thekkumpattu family, kills the family head and all males and lays siege the family permanently from the society as a punishment, prohibiting any relations including marriage. As a result, the uninvolved Kunji becomes an orphan overnight and essentially a prisoner in her own house under the patrol of the soldiers of her ex-fiancé, with no hopes for a normal family life any more. She is left with nobody except a couple of her trusted maids and servants. Chandutty himself is consumed in bitterness and anger, and distances himself from Kunji as well as normal family life.
Kunji sees a ray of hope as Kunkan, one of her uncles who was away travelling afar, arrives back. He tries to protect Kunji to the best of his ability and even trains her in martial arts, but is killed as soon as he is discovered by Chandutty's men, leaving Kunji alone and defenceless again.
One day, the legendary unsurpassed warrior from the North, Thacholi Manikkoth Othenan finds himself at the door of Thekkumpattu house one evening during his travels. Smitten by the elegant Kunji at first sight, he requests to be accommodated for the night. Kunji is no less smitten by the impressive Othenan as well; moreover, she starts seeing in him her last hope of liberation. Othenan is accommodated unbeknownst to the eyes of Chandutty's patrol. At this point Kunji wishes dearly that she begets an able son of noble lineage who can avenge the insult that Chandutty has inflicted on her family. She pours her heart out to Othenan, winning his emotional support, and they consummate their relationship overnight. Othenan leaves in the morning with a promise to return on the day of the coming festival, face off Chandutty, liberate Kunji and marry her.
However, as soon as Othenan reaches home, the events leading to his well-known courting of the beautiful Kavil Chathothe Kunki transpire one after another quickly (as depicted in Thacholi Othenan (1964 film)) that he is compelled to marry her on the day of the festival. Kunji realises gladly that she is pregnant with Othenan's child. Her happiness is, however, short lived as she soon learns about Othenan and Kunki's marriage ironically from none other than the unsuspecting Chandutty who was invited. Broken-hearted, she resigns to her fate and proceeds to deliver a son and raise him clandestinely inside the house, hidden from the eyes of Chandutty.
In another two decades, Ambu has grown into a brave, able young man, groomed to perfection in martial arts by none other than his mother Kunji herself, only impatient to get out of their house for the first time. At the coming of age, he is allowed to get out and visit the famous Lokanarkavu and return by the next morning. However, in the course of the journey, the young Ambu run into the beautiful Unnimathu, who happens to be Othenan's niece. A rather light spat of youthful ego between them leads to Othenan himself who comes along the way confronting Ambu. The mighty and highly respected and feared veteran that Othenan is and the young brazen Ambu who does not know his father easily fall into a war of words which leads to a challenge for duel between them. Meanwhile, Unnimathu is impressed by the young man's courage and they fall in love soon after.
Kunji is shocked to hear that her son is locked in a duel unto death with his own legendary father, tries to avoid the situation without success. Realizing that fate has other plans, she grooms her son for the duel with a brave heart.
The inevitable duel happens and contrary to expectations, the young Ambu gives the maestro Othenan a tough time. Ambu even survives Othenan's much feared signature strike "Thacholi Othiram" which none had survived before. The puzzled Othenan is locked at swordpoint by Ambu but Kunji who was present in disguise interferes before he is killed and reveals that Ambu is none other than Othenan's son.
An enraged Chandutty, realising that he was deceived, challenges them and is easily beheaded by Othenan, thus ending the story in a happy reunion.
Cast
Sathyan as Othenan Kuruppu
Prem Nazir as Ambu
Ragini as Thekkumpattu Kunji
Sheela as Unnimaathu
Vijayasree as Chathothe Kunki
K. P. Ummer as Chandutty
Adoor Bhasi as the Feudal Lord
Kaviyoor Ponnamma as Naani
Manavalan Joseph as Chappan
Abbas
Adoor Pankajam as Uppatti
Alummoodan as Koman Nair
G. K. Pillai as Kunkan
Kanchana
Kottayam Chellappan as Thekkumpattu Karnavar
N. Govindankutty as Vadakkumpattu Karanavar
Pankajavalli as Unnichara
Premji as Thacholi Valiya Kuruppu
S. P. Pillai as Anakkan
KPAC Lalitha as Pullivathi
Radhamani
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan with lyrics by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1970 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Othenan2
Raymond Blemker (August 9, 1937 – February 15, 1994) was an American professional baseball player. The left-handed pitcher appeared in a single Major League game as a member of the Kansas City Athletics during the season.
Born in Huntingburg, Indiana, Blemker attended Georgia Tech, where he was a two-sport star. He was a second team All-America as a pitcher and first baseman for the "Ramblin' Wreck", as well as a two-time All-Southeastern Conference basketball player. As of 2013, he ranked #25 in career scoring in Yellow Jackets' history. While at Tech he was a member of Phi Sigma Kappa fraternity.
Blemker was listed as tall and during his pro baseball career. He signed with the Athletics in 1959 and spent his entire four-season career in the Kansas City organization.
He won a combined 13 games (losing nine) during a 1960 minor league season split between the Double-A and Triple-A levels. In midyear, he was recalled by the Athletics for his lone MLB appearance. On Sunday, July 3, against the Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park, he came into the game in the seventh inning in relief of Don Larsen with a runner on base and Boston leading 7–2, Blemker allowed the inherited runner to score, then proceeded to allow four additional runs on a grand slam home run by Willie Tasby. He also pitched the eighth inning and allowed a final tally, as the Red Sox won, 13–2.
In 1 big-league innings pitched, Blemker surrendered five earned runs on three hits, two bases on balls, one hit by pitch and one wild pitch. He did not record a strikeout. During his minor league career, he won 28 of 44 decisions (.636).
Blemker died at St. Mary's Medical Center in Evansville, Indiana on February 15, 1994 at the age of 56.
References
External links
1937 births
1994 deaths
Albuquerque Dukes players
Baseball players from Indiana
Binghamton Triplets players
Dallas Rangers players
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets baseball players
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets men's basketball players
Hawaii Islanders players
Kansas City Athletics players
Major League Baseball pitchers
People from Huntingburg, Indiana
Shreveport Sports players
Sioux City Soos players
The 2014 Atlantic Championship Series season was the second season of the revived Atlantic Championship. The series was organised by Formula Race Promotions under the sanctioning of SCCA Pro Racing. This will be the first ever season the Atlantic Championship visits the Thompson Speedway Road Course.
Drivers and teams
Race calendar and results
Championship standings
This list only contains drivers who registered for the championship.
See also
2014 F1600 Championship Series season
2014 F2000 Championship Series season
References
External links
Official website
Atlantic Season 2014
Atlantic Championship seasons
Perry Lee Phenix (born November 14, 1974) is a former professional American football safety who played for the Tennessee Oilers/Titans and the Carolina Panthers in the National Football League.
References
External links
Just Sports Stats
1974 births
Living people
Players of American football from Louisiana
Players of American football from Dallas
Sportspeople from Monroe, Louisiana
Sportspeople from Dallas
American football safeties
Southern Miss Golden Eagles football players
Tennessee Titans players
Carolina Panthers players
African-American players of American football
Trinity Valley Cardinals football players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The Saint-Denis River (in French: rivière Saint-Denis) is a tributary of the south-eastern shore of the Kamouraska River, which flows on the south shore of the St. Lawrence river two km to the east of the village center of Kamouraska.
The Saint-Denis river flows on the Côte-du-Sud in the municipalities of Saint-Gabriel-Lalemant, Mont-Carmel and Saint-Bruno-de-Kamouraska, in the Kamouraska Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent, in province of Quebec, in Canada.
Geography
Drawing its source from a marsh area in Saint-Gabriel-Lalemant, near the limit of Mont-Carmel, this watercourse generally flows towards the northeast. This spring is located east of the south coast of the St. Lawrence River and southeast of the center of the village of Saint-Gabriel-de-Kamouraska.
From its source, the Saint-Denis River flows over in a forest and agricultural zone, divided into the following segments:
northward in Saint-Gabriel-Lalemant, up to the confluence of Bras de la Rivière Saint-Denis (coming from the southeast); this long arm has its source at Davidson Lake;
northward, to the southern limit of the municipality of Mont-Carmel;
towards the northeast in Mont-Carmel collecting the waters of Anctil brook, up to the route 287 bridge, either between the localities "Grand Bras" and "Bayonne";
northeasterly, up to the limit of Saint-Bruno-de-Kamouraska;
north-east, to the Petit-Moulin road bridge which crosses the village of Saint-Bruno-de-Kamouraska;
towards the north-west collecting the water from the Bouteillerie River, the Pelletier stream, the Marcel-Dionne stream, the Tardif water, from the Labrie stream, from the Ferré stream, to the Petit-Moulin road, which it crosses again;
westward, curving southward, to its confluence.
This confluence is located at south of the village center of Saint-Pascal, at north-west of the village center of Saint-Bruno-de-Kamouraska and northeast of the center of the village of Mont-Carmel.
Toponymy
The toponym "Saint-Denis river" is derived from the name of the municipality of the parish of Saint-Denis-De La Bouteillerie located further west, on the south coast of St. Lawrence River. The river tributary of the Bouteillerie is also derived from the name of this parish.
On the map of the township of Woodbridge (1882), the Saint-Denis river is designated the Plate river, characterizing its topographic profile with a low drop. Toponymic variant: rivière de Bayonne and Le Grand Bras.
The toponym "rivière Saint-Denis" was formalized on December 5, 1968, by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Bas-Saint-Laurent
Kamouraska Regional County Municipality
Akbaş is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 51 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Michael J. Kinane (born 22 June 1959, Killenaule, County Tipperary) is an Irish former flat racing jockey. He had a 34-year career, retiring on 8 December 2009.
A prolific winner of the Irish, English and French Classic races over two decades, Kinane has ridden winners in the 2,000 Guineas four times, The Derby three times, the Melbourne Cup in Australia and, in the United States, the Belmont Stakes once. Kinane also has four wins in Breeders' Cup races. He has been Irish Champion Jockey on 13 occasions.
He first came to prominence as the stable jockey to Liam Browne winning the 1982 Irish 2000 Guineas and St James Palace Stakes at Ascot, both on Dara Monarch, and finishing 2nd in the 1983 Epsom Derby on Carlingford Castle, before moving to Dermot Weld. He was later retained by John Magnier and Aidan O'Brien as stable jockey at Ballydoyle for many years prior to joining leading Irish flat trainer John Oxx. He became one of the world's elite jockeys and excelled on the big occasions at Longchamp and Epsom, and was regarded as one of the leading professionals of his sport.
He retired at the end of 2009, a season which was highlighted by his association with Sea The Stars. He bred the 2007 Epsom Derby winner Authorized.
post-jockey career
Michael Kinane is current working for Hong Kong Jockey Club in Europe to select horses who suit run for Hong Kong. Those horses are re-saled by Hong Kong Jockey Club in an auction.
Major wins
Great Britain
2,000 Guineas – (4) – Tirol (1990), Entrepreneur (1997), King of Kings (1998), Sea the Stars (2009)
Ascot Gold Cup – (3) – Classic Cliche (1996), Kayf Tara (2000), Yeats (2007)
Champion Stakes – (1) – Pilsudski (1997)
Cheveley Park Stakes – (2) – Blue Duster (1995), Donna Blini (2005)
Coronation Cup – (1) – Scorpion (2007)
Coronation Stakes – (2) – Kissing Cousin (1994), Sophisticat (2002)
Derby – (3) – Commander in Chief (1993), Galileo (2001), Sea the Stars (2009)
Dewhurst Stakes – (1) – Rock of Gibraltar (2001)
Eclipse Stakes – (4) – Opera House (1993), Pilsudski (1997), Hawk Wing (2002), Sea the Stars (2009)
Falmouth Stakes – (1) – Sensation (1996)
Fillies' Mile – (2) – Reams of Verse (1996), Sunspangled (1998)
Golden Jubilee Stakes – (2) – Big Shuffle (1987), Cape of Good Hope (2005)
International Stakes – (3) – Giant's Causeway (2000), Electrocutionist (2005), Sea the Stars (2009)
July Cup – (2) – Stravinsky (1999), Mozart (2001)
King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes – (5) – Belmez (1990), King's Theatre (1994), Montjeu (2000), Galileo (2001), Azamour (2005)
Lockinge Stakes – (1) – Hawk Wing (2003)
Middle Park Stakes – (2) – Minardi (2000), Johannesburg (2001)
Nunthorpe Stakes – (2) – Stravinsky (1999), Mozart (2001)
Oaks – (2) – Shahtoush (1998), Imagine (2001)
Prince of Wales's Stakes – (2) – Lear Spear (1999), Azamour (2005)
Queen Anne Stakes – (3) – Alflora (1993), Barathea (1994), Charnwood Forest (1996)
Queen Elizabeth II Stakes – (1) – George Washington (2006)
Racing Post Trophy – (1) – Saratoga Springs (1997)
St. James's Palace Stakes – (6) – Dara Monarch (1982), Brief Truce (1992), Grand Lodge (1994), Giant's Causeway (2000), Rock of Gibraltar (2002), Azamour (2004)
St. Leger Stakes – (1) – Milan (2001)
Sussex Stakes – (4) – Among Men (1998), Giant's Causeway (2000), Rock of Gibraltar (2002), Proclamation (2005)
Yorkshire Oaks – (1) – Alexandrova (2006)
Ireland
Irish 1,000 Guineas – (3) – Trusted Partner (1988), Yesterday (2003), Saoire (2005)
Irish 2,000 Guineas – (3) – Dara Monarch (1982), Flash of Steel (1986), Rock of Gibraltar (2002)
Irish Champion Stakes – (7) – Carroll House (1989), Cézanne (1994), Pilsudski (1997), Giant's Causeway (2000), High Chaparral (2003), Azamour (2004), Sea the Stars (2009)
Irish Derby – (2) – Galileo (2001), High Chaparral (2002)
Irish Oaks – (2) – Alydaress (1989), Dance Design (1996)
Irish St. Leger – (4) – Vintage Crop (1993, 1994), Kastoria (2006), Alandi (2009)
Matron Stakes – (2) – Eternal Reve (1994), Clerio (1997)
Moyglare Stud Stakes – (3) – Flutter Away (1987), Quarter Moon (2001), Necklace (2003)
National Stakes – (4) – Definite Article (1994), Mus-If (1998), Hawk Wing (2001), One Cool Cat (2003)
Phoenix Stakes – (5) – King Persian (1983), Fasliyev (1999), Minardi (2000), Johannesburg (2001), One Cool Cat (2003)
Pretty Polly Stakes – (3) – Market Booster (1992), Dance Design (1996, 1997)
Tattersalls Gold Cup – (6) – Cockney Lass (1987), Prince of Andros (1995), Definite Article (1996), Dance Design (1997), Montjeu (2000), Black Sam Bellamy (2003)
Australia
Melbourne Cup – (1) – Vintage Crop (1993)
Canada
Canadian International – (1) – Ballingarry (2002)
France
Critérium de Saint-Cloud – (1) – Alberto Giacometti (2002)
Poule d'Essai des Poulains – (1) – Landseer (2002)
Poule d'Essai des Pouliches – (1) – Rose Gypsy (2001)
Prix de l'Abbaye de Longchamp – (1) – Committed (1985)
Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe – (3) – Carroll House (1989), Montjeu (1999), Sea the Stars (2009)
Prix du Cadran – (1) – Alandi (2009)
Prix de la Forêt – (1) – Somnus (2004)
Prix Jean-Luc Lagardère – (3) – Second Empire (1997), Ciro (1999), Rock of Gibraltar (2001)
Prix Lupin – (1) – Ciro (2000)
Prix Maurice de Gheest – (1) – Pursuit of Love (1992)
Prix Morny – (3) – Orpen (1998), Fasliyev (1999), Johannesburg (2001)
Prix du Moulin de Longchamp – (1) – Rock of Gibraltar (2002)
Prix de la Salamandre – (1) – Giant's Causeway (1999)
Prix Vermeille – (1) – Volvoreta (2000)
Germany
Aral-Pokal – (3) – Tel Quel (1992), Monsun (1993), Luso (1996)
Bayerisches Zuchtrennen – (1) – Market Booster (1993)
Hong Kong
Champions Mile – (1) – Able One (2007)
Hong Kong Mile – (2) – Additional Risk (1991), Winning Partners (1993)
Hong Kong Champions & Chater Cup – (2) – Viva Pataca (2006, 2007)
Hong Kong Cup – (1) – Precision (2002)
Hong Kong Derby – (2) – Sound Print (1992), Che Sara Sara (1996)
Hong Kong Gold Cup – (1) – Idol (2001)
Hong Kong Vase – (1) – Luso (1997)
Stewards' Cup – (1) – Sound Print (1992)
Queen Elizabeth II Cup – (3) – Deerfield (1994), Red Bishop (1995), Viva Pataca (2007)
India
Indian 1000 Guineas – (1) – Nauvkhal (1986)
Indian 2000 Guineas – (2) – Eversun (1984), Sir Bruce (1985)
Indian Derby – (3) – Sir Bruce (1986), Cordon Bleu (1988), HotStepper (2008)
Indian Oaks – (3) – Revelation (1985), Silver Haven (1986), Golden Treasure (1990)
Calcutta 1000 Guineas – (1) – Wheels (1983)
Golconda Derby – (1) – Deccan Star (1984)
Italy
Derby Italiano – (2) – In a Tiff (1992), Luso (1995)
Gran Criterium – (2) – Sholokhov (2001), Spartacus (2002)
Gran Premio del Jockey Club – (1) – Black Sam Bellamy (2002)
Premio Parioli – (2) – Again Tomorrow (1985), Gay Burslem (1988)
Premio Roma – (1) – Welsh Guide (1988)
Japan
Japan Cup – (1) – Pilsudski (1997)
Hanshin Juvenile Fillies – (1) – Yamakatsu Suzuran (1999)
Slovakia
Slovenské Derby – (1) – Temirkanov (1998)
United States
Belmont Stakes – (1) – Go And Go (1990)
Breeders' Cup Juvenile – (1) – Johannesburg (2001)
Breeders' Cup Turf – (2) – High Chaparral (2002, 2003 dead-heat)
Secretariat Stakes – (1) – Ciro (2000)
Personal life
His father, Tommy Kinane, was a leading National Hunt jockey who won the Champion Hurdle on Monksfield.
See also
List of jockeys
References
External links
Mick Kinane Official Website
Photo of Mick Kinane after winning the Investec Derby in June 2009, courtesy of George Bladon/nrgsportspix.com
1959 births
Living people
Sportspeople from County Tipperary
Irish jockeys
Lester Award winners
The Nicola people are a First Nations political and cultural alliance in the Nicola Country region of the Southern Interior of the Canadian province of British Columbia. They are mostly located in the Nicola River valley around the area of Merritt and are an alliance of Scw'exmx, the local branch of the Nlaka'pamux (Thompson) people, and the Spaxomin, the local branch of the Syilx or Okanagan people.
The name Nicola is not a derivation of Nlaka'pamux or its variants, but is taken from the usual English name of the chief who forged the alliance, Nicola
(Hwistesmexte'qen, "Walking Grizzy Bear"), which then included the Secwepemc communities surrounding Fort Kamloops. He had been dubbed "Nicholas" by the Métis voyageurs of the fur companies (pron. French way as Nico-LA, but in general BC usage as NICK-ola, also known in English as Nicholas or Old Nicholas). A "nativized" adaptation of Nicola in common use today is N'kwala.
Government
The Nicola have a separate tribal council from the rest of the Nlaka'pamux, the Nicola Tribal Association, which also includes the Siska Band of the Fraser Canyon. The Douglas Lake Band, which is the home of the Spaxomin group, are also members of the Okanagan Nation Alliance as well as the Nicola Tribal Association.
The Nicola Athapaskans
"Nicola" is used by linguists and ethnographers to refer to an Athapaskan people and their language who formerly lived in the area, but were extinct by the later 19th Century.
See also
Mount Nkwala
Chief Lolo
References
The Thompson Country, Mark Sweeten Wade
Syilx
Nlaka'pamux
First Nations in British Columbia
Christmas with a Capital C is a 2010 American Christian drama direct-to-DVD film directed by Helmut Schleppi. The film's plot was based on a song of the same name by Christian band Go Fish, whose name was inspired by one of actor Brad Stine's stand-up comedy routines. It centers on what, in recent years, has been dubbed the "War on Christmas" in the United States.
Plot
Christmas has always been an exceptional time of love and tradition in the small town of Trapper Falls, Alaska. Hometown of Mayor Dan Reed (Ted McGinley) looks forward to each year with enthusiasm to all the events, friends and family that fill this special season. Together with his brother Greg (Brad Stine), they dedicate time away from their adventure tour company to drape the town is Christmas cheer. When Dan's old high school rival Mitch Bright (Daniel Baldwin), a mean-spirited and embittered militant atheist returns home after 20 years, Dan is immediately suspicious. Mitch is a highly successful big city lawyer who has never wanted anything to do with Trapper Falls. The rivalry re-ignites when the frustrated Mitch takes offense to what he sees as the town's violation of his rights. Mitch wants the Nativity scene removed from the front of City hall and the word Christmas switched to Happy Holidays on all signs. Fifty years of tradition are now challenged not by an outsider, but a former member of the community. As the conflict escalates, it goes beyond one person's opinion but magnifies into an entire town problem when Mitch enters into the mayoral race to have Dan replaced.
In the heat of the legal battle and facing certain defeat, Dan's wife Kristen (Nancy Stafford) and their daughter Makayla (Francesca Derosa), wanting to show what she believes to be the true meaning of Christmas, are inspired to launch a "Christmas with a Capital C" campaign as an effort to keep the town together. In doing so they discover the secret behind Mitch's return: he is looking for love and acceptance, but can't find it in the world of high-flown success.
Cast
Ted McGinley as Dan Reed
Daniel Baldwin as Mitch Bright
Nancy Stafford as Kristen Reed
Brad Stine as Greg Reed
Cooper Peltz as Cody Reed
Ron Holmstrom as Rev. Tiller
Release
Originally, the Pureflix Entertainment website accepted pre-sale orders for the film in late 2010, with an original DVD release date of November 2, 2010. Without explanation, the pre-order link was removed sometime in the fall. On November 22, 2010, the Gospel Music Channel announced that it would air the film during the 2010 Christmas season. The film broadcast several times from December 5, 2010 until December 25, 2010. The film was also shown in select theaters and churches. Pureflix later updated their website to set the DVD release for November 8, 2011, eventually revising that date to November 1, 2011.
Reception
Prior to the film's release, the film's trailer sparked ridicule and criticism on several blogs, news sites, and discussion forums including the British comedy panel show 8 out of 10 Cats. The Portland Mercury and others characterized the trailer as "anti-atheist". Some reviewers have pointed to similarities with the Grinch tale. The film itself was mostly reviewed by Christian organizations such as the Dove Foundation, which reviewed it favorably. The film won the Faith & Freedom Award for Television at the 2011 Movieguide Awards.
Log lines
In Pureflix's promotional materials, the film's title is often accompanied by the log line, "Putting Christ Back in Christmas". GMCTV, in their promotional materials, opted for the log line, "The Reason for the Season".
See also
List of Christmas films
References
External links
2010 films
Films about Evangelicalism
American Christmas films
2010s English-language films
Pontypridd is a town in Wales, United Kingdom.
Pontypridd may also refer to:
Pontypridd (Senedd constituency)
Pontypridd (UK Parliament constituency)
Pontypridd railway station
Pontypridd RFC, a rugby union club based in Pontypridd, Wales
See also
Pontypridd, Caerphilly and Newport Railway
Pontypridd Graig railway station
Côr Meibion Pontypridd, a Welsh choir
The St Mary's Pro-Cathedral, or simply St Mary's Church, is a Catholic church located on Manchester Street in Christchurch, in the South Island of New Zealand.
It is part of the Latin rite and serves as the seat of the Bishop of the Diocese of Christchurch (Dioecesis Christopolitana), which was created in 1887.
The parish was established in 1889, and the building has served as a parish church from its construction until it obtained the temporary status of pro-cathedral, as a result of the earthquakes of 2010 and 2011, in which the Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament was seriously damaged.
Choir and Orchestra
The Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament Choir and Orchestra (CBS) are the primary music providers for Masses at St Mary's Pro-Cathedral. Before the earthquake, they were based at the Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament. The CBS is an affiliate of the RSCM New Zealand Canterbury Branch.
The first formation of a choir, under the leadership of Don Whelan, was at Christ The King, Burnside. Whelan started working with Dutch immigrants, who come from a choral culture, understood the art of singing in parts well. Whelan soon became a well-trained organist, organising cantors and the choir. Before Easter 1969, an organist was needed for the services at the Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament. Whelan took this opportunity and the CBS Choir was formed.
During their first international tour to Europe in 1990–1991, the CBS was given status as cultural ambassadors by the New Zealand Government. During their third European tour, the choir were invited to lead the singing during the Papal Midnight Mass in celebration of the inauguration the Holy Year of Jubilee Due to the 2010 Canterbury Earthquake, the Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament was badly damaged, leading it to be closed for the foreseeable future. Masses moved next door to the chapel. During the 2011 Christchurch Earthquake, the cathedral partially collapsed, as well as the chapel and music center being badly damaged and demolished afterwards. The CBS built a new state of the art facility at St Mary's Pro-Cathedral in which to house their music library, offices and a practice hall.
Despite the Canterbury Earthquakes, the choir and orchestra were still able to go ahead with their annual New Zealand tours, as well as going on their first Asian tour in 2012 and their fifth Australian and European tours in 2013 and 2015, respectively. In October 2019, members and associates of the CBS celebrated 50 years under the leadership of Don Whelan, with a luncheon at the Rydges Hotel in Central Christchurch.
In March 2020, the Catholic bishops of New Zealand ordered the temporary suspension of Masses and churches to be temporarily closed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in NZ. Shortly afterwards, the rest of the CBS program was halted due to the national lockdown. The Wednesdays at One music programme, concerts, annual music events, and the appearances at Masses were suspended for the first time in its history. On 14 June, the CBS was able to begin their program, celebrating the Cathedral's feast of Corpus Christi. The Wednesdays at One music programme resumed in July 2020.
Concert program and personnel
Wednesdays at One is a weekly concert series hosted by the CBS. This entails local and national musicians of all ages to perform the works of many composers on many different instruments.
Annual concerts of Bach's St John Passion and Handel's Messiah are performed on Good Friday and in mid-December, respectively. In June, during the Diocese's Feast Day (Cathedral Feast of Corpus Christi) celebrations, a concert is given, where usually a Mass is performed. In 2019, John Ritchie's Missa Corpus Christi was performed, as well as MacMillan's Hymn to the Blessed Sacrament and Mendelssohn's Verleih uns Frieden.
On the first Sunday of each month (excluding January), orchestral Masses are performed with the choir. Every other Sunday, the choir sings contemporary, polyphonic, and Gregorian chant compositions. Orchestral Masses with the choir are also performed at the Christmas Vigil and Midnight Mass. Don Whelan has been the musical director since 1969, with Simon Mace serving as assistant musical director in 2018 and Nicholas Sutcliffe becoming assistant musical director in 2019. , Wally Enright is cantor.
See also
Roman Catholicism in New Zealand
St Mary's Pro-Cathedral in Dublin, Ireland
References
Roman Catholic cathedrals in New Zealand
Buildings and structures in Christchurch
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1889
1880s architecture in New Zealand
Churches in Christchurch
19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in New Zealand
Ifyoubelievein is the first solo album by American musician Bryan MacLean, released in 1997 and recorded sporadically from the 1960s to the 1980s. The album is composed entirely of previously unreleased demo recordings.
MacLean was previously known as the rhythm guitarist and second singer-songwriter in the original lineup of the Los Angeles folk rock band Love. The album was assembled of mono demo tapes his mother Elizabeth McKee had found at his home. The album notably includes renditions of his best-known songs from Love's repertoire, namely "Orange Skies", "Alone Again Or" and "Old Man".
The title of the album was styled after the Love song "Andmoreagain", which has been credited as co-written by both band leader Arthur Lee and Bryan MacLean on some releases.
Track listing
"Barber John" (recorded 1967)
"Fresh Hope" (recorded 1966)
"Kathleen" (recorded 1966)
"Orange Skies" (recorded 1966)
"Strong Commitment" (recorded 1966)
"Alone Again Or" (recorded 1972)
"Tired of Sitting" (recorded 1966)
"Blues Singer" (recorded 1966)
"Friday's Party" (recorded 1982)
"People" (recorded 1966)
"Claudia" (recorded 1982)
"If You Believe in" (recorded 1982)
"Orange Skies" (recorded 1982)
"Alone Again Or" (recorded 1982)
"She Looks Good" (recorded 1966)
"Old Man" (recorded 1966)
References
1997 debut albums
Demo albums
Christie Will Wolf is a Canadian film and television writer, director and producer. She is best known for writing and directing a number of films, including Over The Moon, Her Infidelity, Eat, Play, Love, Boy Toy, Forever Christmas, Slightly Single in L.A., Yes, I Do, and more. Will has received the Directors Guild of Canada Legacy Award for the film Her Coming.
Early life
Will was born in Ontario, Canada. Her parents died when she was a child. She went to boarding school at Trinity College School in Ontario Canada, and was in the first class of girls when the all male institution became co-ed. She received the Terry Fox Scholarship upon graduation. Will studied musical theatre at Emerson College in Boston. She subsequently attended the College of Charleston, earning a Bachelor of Arts in Theatre and Art History, and later completed a Master of Fine Arts in Film and Creative Writing from the University of British Columbia.
After her studies, she moved to Los Angeles to work as a director, writer, and actor. She attended Playhouse West in Burbank, California and also worked for theatre. While dividing her time between Canada and Los Angeles, she founded The Beaumont Playhouse, a black box theatre in Vancouver teaching the works of Sanford Meisner.
Career
Will produced, directed, and wrote her debut short film Dysfunction in 2006. She worked as an assistant to actor, director, and producer Peter Berg, and then worked for Paula Abdul developing her reality show Hey Paula. After that, she produced and developed several movies, including Hollywood & Wine, starring David Spade, Chris Kattan, Norm Macdonald, Chazz Palminteri, Chris Parnell, and the Farley brothers. She was a producer of Christmas in Wonderland, starring Patrick Swayze and Tim Curry, as well as Blonde and Blonder starring Pamela Anderson and Denise Richards. In 2009, Will made her first feature film Slightly Single in L.A, starring Jenna Dewan, Lacey Chabert, Chris Kattan, and Kip Pardue. She was the writer, director, and co-producer of the film, which was a pioneer acquisition for Netflix. She then wrote and directed the comedy Boy Toy, starring Mircea Monroe, Vivian Bang, and Morgan Fairchild, which was released by Lionsgate. Later, she wrote and directed A Holiday Heist, starring Vivica A. Fox. She has produced and directed made-for-TV films for the Hallmark Channel, Lifetime, and Up TV, including Becoming Santa, Baby Boot Camp, A Cookie Cutter Christmas, Her Infidelity, A Snow Capped Christmas, Killer Ending, Yes I Do and So You Said Yes, among others. In 2019, Wolf won the award for Best Screenwriting at The West Coast Canadian Screen Awards.
Filmography
References
Living people
Canadian women film directors
Film directors from Ontario
People from The Blue Mountains, Ontario
Year of birth missing (living people)
Cristian Porto Spricigo (born August 7, 1990), is a striker who plays for S.E.R. Guarani on loan from Avaí. He began his career in the youth teams of Atlético Paranaense in 2006, where he remained for that year only.
Career
He moved to the youth system of Avaí in 2007 and soon reached prominence in the club of Santa Catarina. By 2008, he was integrated into the group's professional club where he played with the Avaí B team, Copa Santa Catarina. At the beginning of 2009, he participated prominently in the campaign of Avaí in the Copa São Paulo de Futebol Júnior and participated in 13 games for the club in the Brazilian Championship, recording three goals in the competition.
For the 2010 season, became a primary weapon in Avaí to the state championship and national levels.
Career statistics
(Correct )
Honours
Atlético Paranaense
Campeonato Paranaense Juvenil: 2006
Avaí
Campeonato Catarinense: 2009, 2010
References
External links
ogol.com
Sambafoot
1990 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Avaí FC players
Association football forwards
Arnold Francis Hendy (18941958) was an architect.
Early life and education
He was allegedly born in Plymouth in 1894, although he doesn't appear in the English census of 1901.
World War I
He served with the Devonshire Regiment in Palestine and France.
Architectural career
He entered the offices of W.H.Byrne & Son and became a student of the Royal Institute of the Architects of Ireland for two years, winning the Downes Bronze Medal for 1920-1921 and the Institute Prize for 1921-1922.
In 1924 he became an assistant at the office of Kaye-Parry & Ross. George Murray Ross died in 1927 and William Kaye-Parry in 1932.
Hendy carried on the practice under the same name until his death in March 1956.
His works include the Pembroke Carnegie Free Library in Ballsbridge, No.35-36 Westmoreland Street and Archer's Garage.
References
20th-century Irish architects
20th-century English architects
Parov or Parova (feminine variant in Slavic countries) is a given name and a surname. Notable people with the name include:
Anatoli Parov (1956–2013), Soviet football player
Parov Stelar (born 1974), stage name of Austrian musician, producer, and DJ Marcus Füreder
See also
Perov
This listing article does not include "climbing pyramids" typically found in playgrounds.
List of pyramids in Ireland by location
References
Pyramids in Europe
Deconstructed is an album by the bassist Steve Swallow, released on the Xtra Watt label in 1997.
Reception
The AllMusic review by Scott Yanow states: "This CD by electric bassist Steve Swallow is a major surprise, for his ten originals are essentially , often using chord changes that sound familiar... This rare straight-ahead outing by Steve Swallow sounds fresh, lively, and creative, and it is one of his most rewarding recordings as a leader."
Track listing
All compositions by Steve Swallow.
"Running in the Family" - 5:10
"Babble On" - 3:44
"Another Fine Mess" - 6:48
"I Think My Wife Is a Hat" - 5:45
"Bird World War" - 3:20
"Bug in a Rug" - 6:09
"Lost in Boston" - 5:00
"Name That Tune" - 5:39
"Viscous Consistency" - 6:02
"Deconstructed" - 5:30
Personnel
Steve Swallow – bass guitar
Ryan Kisor – trumpet
Chris Potter – tenor saxophone
Mick Goodrick – guitar
Adam Nussbaum – drums
References
Steve Swallow albums
1997 albums
Capital for Enterprise Limited (CfEL) was a limited company in the United Kingdom owned by the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills (BIS). CfEL was responsible for managing BIS's financial schemes, such as venture capital funds and loan guarantees, aimed at helping small and medium enterprises (SMEs). It invested over £1.8 billion from its formation and alongside private capital provided £6.5 billion in credit for SMEs. It ceased operating independently on 1 October 2013 and became part of the British Business Bank.
History
CfEL commenced actively trading on 1 April 2008 when it took over responsibility for the management of BIS's Enterprise Capital Funds, along with other equity funds and the Small Firms Loan Guarantee.
British Business Bank
In September 2012 the Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills, Vince Cable, announced that the government would be creating a business bank to aid the growth of SMEs. The intention was for the bank to work with the private sector to increase the supply of credit, as well as provide advice to SMEs. On 1 October 2013 CfEL was brought into BIS, together with BIS SME policy teams and private sector expertise, to create the British Business Bank.
Financial schemes
CfEL managed a number of schemes on behalf of BIS, both current open schemes and legacy schemes that had stopped making new investments.
Current schemes
Enterprise Capital Funds. ECFs provide investments of up to £2 million to fast growing businesses. Public money is invested alongside private capital into a number of different funds. There are currently 12 ECFs.
UK Innovation Investment Fund. A venture capital fund of funds that invests in technology based businesses where there are significant growth opportunities.
Enterprise Finance Guarantee. Offers loan guarantees from the UK Government to lenders offering credit to SMEs.
Aspire Fund. A fund supporting women-led businesses in the UK.
JEREMIE Funds. Regional based investments funded from the European Regional Development Fund and the European Investment Bank.
Business Finance Partnership. Supplies capital through non-bank lending channels.
Legacy schemes
Small Firms Loan Guarantee
Regional Venture Capital Fund
UK High Technology Fund
Early Growth Funds
Capital for Enterprise Fund
Portfolio of regional funds established by regional development agencies
Management
CfEL was managed by an independent Board of Directors appointed by BIS.
References
External links
Capital for Enterprise Limited official website
Department for Business, Innovation and Skills
Defunct public bodies of the United Kingdom
Finance in the United Kingdom
Venture capital
Lipovac is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 304 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
The government of Transnistria, a separatist breakaway state internationally recognized as part of Moldova, has requested annexation by Russia numerous times. Transnistria is a territory that separated itself from Moldova due to fear of a possible unification of the latter with Romania. This sparked the Transnistria War of 1992, in which Russian-backed Transnistria managed to stay separate from Moldova. Despite this, today Transnistria is legally and internationally considered part of Moldova.
Following Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014, hopes in Transnistria that Russia would annex its territory as well grew. Transnistria has a substantial ethnic Russian population and the vast majority of its people speak Russian. The territory is financially supported by Russia, and Transnistrian education and laws are also interrelated with Russia. In 2006, a referendum in Transnistria was organized by the first President of Transnistria Igor Smirnov to vote for a possible reintegration into Moldova or independence and a future accession to the Russian Federation. The former proposal was rejected and the latter was approved, although the veracity of these results has been questioned. Still, posterior studies have proven the popularity of the idea on at least part of the population of Transnistria.
Due to all this, exactly on the same day that Russia annexed Crimea, the leader of the Transnistrian parliament Mikhail Burla sent a letter to Russia requesting the facilitation of a Russian annexation of Transnistria in the country's laws, which had a negative response from the international community. The topic was mentioned on numerous more occasions by different Transnistrian politicians such as the former Minister of Foreign Affairs of Transnistria Nina Shtanski, the former Transnistrian president Yevgeny Shevchuk (who issued an unsuccessful decree in 2016 to eventually make Transnistria join Russia) and the current one, Vadim Krasnoselsky. Some figures from Russia such as Zakhar Prilepin, Vladimir Zhirinovsky and the For Truth party have responded positively to such a possibility.
Several analysts, however, believe that Russia will not try to annex Transnistria. Russia officially strives for the granting of a special status of Transnistria within Moldova, possibly to exert influence over the entire country. An annexation of Transnistria by Russia would be counterproductive to this goal, especially considering that it could accelerate an undesired unification between Moldova and Romania. Furthermore, Transnistria is far from Russia and landlocked, and creating a nationalist discourse among the Russian people to achieve annexation, as was done before with Crimea, could be more difficult.
Background
Following the dissolution of the Soviet Union, the Moldavian Soviet Socialist Republic (Moldavian SSR) declared independence and became modern Moldova. Fear arose in the easternmost region that Moldova would unite with Romania following this event, so independence from Moldova was declared. This led to the 1992 Transnistria War, in which Transnistria received help from Russia, which sent its 14th Guards Army. As a consequence, Transnistria stayed separate from Moldova, but continued to be recognized as Moldovan territory by the international community.
Following the end of the war, there were attempts at resolving the Transnistria conflict, most notably the Kozak memorandum, but none were successful. On 17 September 2006, a referendum in Transnistria was held by the authorities of the state. It asked the population whether Transnistria should be reintegrated into Moldova or not and whether it should seek independence and a potential future integration into Russia or not. 96.61% rejected the first question and 98.07% approved the second one, with the voter turnout being of 78.55%. However, the Moldovan branch of the Helsinki Committee for Human Rights claimed to have detected irregularities and infringements in the referendum and suggested that the results could have been prepared beforehand. The preident at this time was Transnistria's first, Igor Smirnov. Smirnov suggested and referenced a possible Transnistrian accession to Russia a number of times during his 20-year long rule.
According to the 2015 Transnistrian census, Transnistria is a Russian-plurality territory, with 34% of the population identifying as Russians, 33% Moldovans/Romanians and 26.7% Ukrainians. The rest of the population that declared its ethnicity, belong to smaller minorities. Bulgarians polled 2.8%, Gagauz people 1.2%, Belarusians 0.6%, Germans 0.3% and Poles 0.2%, among others. There are however claims that Moldovans/Romanians represent in fact 40% of the population.
Proposals
History
Following Russia's formal annexation of Crimea on 18 March 2014, speculation arose regarding if Transnistria would also be next. In fact, barely on the same day of the annexation of Crimea, Mikhail Burla, Speaker of the Supreme Council of Transnistria (that is, the chairperson of the Transnistrian parliament), sent a letter in the name of the Transnistrian Supreme Council to the then Chairman of the State Duma (one of the two houses of the Parliament of Russia) Sergey Naryshkin calling for changes in Russian laws to facilitate a future annexation of Transnistria by Russia. Moreover, according to March 2014 reports from the freelancer journalist Mitra Nazar, people in Transnistria were then hoping to be annexed by Russia and were seeing the annexation of Crimea as a "sign of hope". A pensioner she interviewed said she hoped annexation by Russia would bring higher pensions and a better future for the younger generations.
The then President of Moldova Nicolae Timofti replied to Burla's letter by warning Russia not to try to annex Transnistria, saying that it would be "a mistake" on Russia's part and that it would end up "further damaging its international status". Jean-Claude Juncker, former Prime Minister of Luxembourg and the then future President of the European Commission, prompted the European Union (EU) to take measures to avoid Moldova from being "the next victim of Russian aggression". The President of Romania Traian Băsescu called for Moldova's accession process into the EU to be accelerated, with the country's security depending on this according to him.
Days later, Nina Shtanski, then Minister of Foreign Affairs of Transnistria, approved the annexation of Crimea, declared that "we consider ourselves part of the Russian world" and that "we are no different from Russians and Russian civilization" and requested the President of Russia Vladimir Putin to annex Transnistria. Posteriorly, in April 2014, Transnistrian parliamentaries called on Russia to recognize Transnistrian independence.
On 7 September 2016, the then President of Transnistria Yevgeny Shevchuk issued the Decree No. 348 "On the implementation of the results of the republican referendum held on 17 September 2006" to bring the Transnistrian legal system closer to the Russian one and to get nearer to a future annexation of Transnistria by Russia. This was done to commemorate the 10th anniversary of the 2006 Transnistrian referendum. However, the decree has been deemed as invalid because the referendum was held ten years earlier and Shevchuk's actions have been criticized. The Transnistrian authorities have also repeatedly expressed their intention to join Russian-sponsored international organizations such as the former Eurasian Economic Community, the latter's successor the Eurasian Economic Union or the Eurasian Customs Union. On 12 April 2017, the Supreme Council of Transnistria adopted a new co-official flag for the republic based on the Russian tricolor flag to further strengthen Transnistrian independence as well as integration with Russia, as the Supreme Council itself explained on a note.
Shevchuk's successor as the President of Transnistria, Vadim Krasnoselsky, expressed in 2018 his commitment to make Transnistria join Russia in the future. He also said in 2019 that Russia "is our destiny" and that a possible new referendum on a possible unification with Russia could be held if needed, but on the condition that Russia would recognize the results.
Analysis
Russian influence over Transnistria is big, with around 200,000 Transnistrians having a Russian passport as of 2014. Transnistria is economically financed by Russia through the payment of pensions and natural gas debts, with some Russian politicians also investing in Transnistria's industry and many Transnistrian firms being owned by Russian companies. Furthermore, Transnistrian schools use Russian textbooks teaching Russian history and many Transnistrian students go to Russian cities like Moscow or Saint Petersburg for studying. Since 2013, there have been efforts to link Russian laws with Transnistria's code of law, and Russian is the common (but not mother) language of more than 90% of Transnistrians, being used for business affairs and as the interethnic language of the breakaway country. In a study carried out between October 2018 and February 2019, when asked about what option would lead to a faster development of Transnistria, 37.1% of polled Transnistrians responded to become part of Russia. In contrast, 22.6% declared an independent and internationally recognized Transnistrian state would while only 5.2% did so with reintegration into Moldova, among other options.
The proposal has received support in Russia. For example, the Russian politician Vladimir Zhirinovsky, leader of the Liberal Democratic Party of Russia (LDPR) and former deputy chairman of the State Duma, has stated that Russia should recognize and defend Transnistria. He has also stated that Transnistria "is Russian territory". The former Russian party For Truth also supported Russian recognition and annexation of Transnistria. The Russian writer Zakhar Prilepin is another figure that has striven for the Russian annexation of Transnistria, as well as Abkhazia, the Republic of Artsakh, South Ossetia and Donetsk and Luhansk.
However, some analysts and scholars have claimed that a Russian annexation of Transnistria is unlikely. Russia does not recognize Transnistria as an independent country unlike other breakaway states such as Abkhazia and South Ossetia, recognized by it on 2008, and has shown no interest in doing so. It is possible that if Russia did this, it would lose all its influence over Moldovan politics and make Moldova strongly pro-Western. Instead, Russia has been said by some analysts to want Transnistria to have a "special status" within Moldova to keep influence over the whole of the latter. The recognition of Transnistria by Russia could facilitate a unification of Romania and Moldova, to which Russia is opposed. Additionally, Transnistria is considerably further from Russia than Crimea, and it is landlocked, so Russia could only be connected to the territory through states that would be hostile to a hypothetical annexation. Creating a nationalist movement strong enough as to achieve the annexation of Transnistria in Russia could also be more difficult than with Crimea, which was presented as a "lost" and "stolen" land in the country.
See also
Reintegration of Transnistria into Moldova
Russia–Transnistria relations
Proposed Russian annexation of South Ossetia
Proposed Russian annexation of Southern Ukraine
Territorial evolution of Russia
Russian irredentism
"Near abroad"
Russian-occupied territories
References
Transnistria conflict
Politics of Transnistria
Politics of Russia
Politics of Moldova
History of Transnistria since 1991
Annexation
Moldova–Russia relations
Proposals in Moldova
Proposals in Russia
Russian irredentism
Public policy proposals
Milan Ristovski (Macedonian: Милан Ристовски; born 8 April 1998) is a Macedonian footballer who plays for Spartak Trnava as a forward.
Club career
Ristovski began his career with his hometown club Rabotnički Skopje where he made his professional debut, age 16, on 22 November 2014. In February 2017 he was loaned to Rijeka in Croatia until June 2017, where he joined his older brother Stefan. In July 2017, he was once again loaned to Rijeka with a buying option, this time for the entire season. He made his Rijeka debut on 10 December 2017, when he came on as a substitution in the Croatian First Football League match against Slaven Belupo.
After half-season loan with the club, in July 2021, he signed with Spartak Trnava on a three-year contract. Ristovski became the club's most expensive arrival, arriving from Rijeka for a further undisclosed sum.
International career
Ristovski was capped for North Macedonia's under-17, under-19, and under-21 national teams.
He made his debut for North Macedonia national football team on 4 June 2021 in a friendly against Kazakshtan and scored his team's third goal in a 4–0 victory.
International
International goals
''As of match played 2 June 2022. North Macedonia score listed first, score column indicates score after each Ristovski goal.
Personal life
His older brother Stefan is also a professional footballer who plays for Dinamo Zagreb and North Macedonia national team. Ristovski speaks Slovak fluently. He is a Christian.
Honours
Rijeka
Croatian Cup: 2018–19
Spartak Trnava
Slovak Cup: 2021–22
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Footballers from Skopje
Association football midfielders
Macedonian footballers
North Macedonia youth international footballers
North Macedonia under-21 international footballers
North Macedonia international footballers
Macedonian Christians
FK Rabotnički players
HNK Rijeka players
NK Krško players
FC Nitra players
FC Spartak Trnava players
Macedonian First Football League players
Croatian Football League players
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Slovak Super Liga players
UEFA Euro 2020 players
Macedonian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
Expatriate footballers in Slovenia
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Expatriate footballers in Slovakia
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Slovakia
Elevator surfing, also known as lift surfing, is an activity involving riding on top of elevators. Rarely, the activity may also involve jumping between moving elevators.
Elevator surfing is illegal in many locations. It typically occurs in skyscrapers or on college campuses, especially those with tall buildings. Most large buildings have groups of elevators close together, which are most commonly used.
To begin, participants will usually go into such a building early in the morning, before too many people arrive to use the elevators, or late at night when most of the building's occupants have left. Entry into the elevator shaft is usually achieved by using a special key to open the outer doors or, if the key cannot be accessed, by lock picking. Alternatively, participants may force the elevator car's doors open between floors and unlatch the outer doors from the inside. A common misconception is that the emergency hatch in the roof of the elevator can be opened from inside of the elevator car. However, this is rarely the case, and these are designed for the use of emergency crews to rescue trapped passengers.
This activity typically takes place when there is not much movement with the elevators, which lowers the risk and involvement. Accomplices will sometimes press buttons on the inside of the elevators to provide movement. Movement can also be provided using service controls located on top of the elevator car, which allow complete control over the movement of the elevator, but at a reduced speed.
There is also an activity called counterweight-surfing, wherein a person riding on top of the lift gets an accomplice to use the service controls to send the counterweight that they are standing on up and down.
Hazards
Elevator surfers can be crushed between the elevator and the top or sides of the elevator shaft, be struck by the counterweight, or slip and fall to their deaths.
The surfer has the ability to stop the elevator by pressing the emergency stop button on the roof of the elevator car, decreasing the risk of being crushed against the top of the shaft.
Injuries and deaths
From 1984 to March 1991 in New York there were 14 people who died in relation to elevator surfing. It was reported that from 1985 to 1990 in New York there were 50 people who were injured in relation to elevator surfing.
In the early 1970s In Massachusetts a person died when they were riding on a chair that was attached to the bottom of an elevator.
Between 1988 and 1989 in Massachusetts a person was seriously injured when they were riding on an elevator and they fell 30 feet inside the elevator shaft.
In 1990 in Massachusetts an 18 year-old was found dead at the bottom of an elevator shaft and they had been elevator surfing and were jumping from one elevator car to another in the double elevator shaft.
In 1997 in the United Kingdom in Leeds a 10 year-old died when they were riding up and down on the roof of an elevator in the dark and then they fell 100 feet to the foot of the elevator shaft.
In 2006 in New York an 18 year-old died and they were found lying dead at the bottom of an elevator shaft and it is speculated that there death may have been related to riding on the roof of an elevator in the shaft.
See also
Car surfing
List of train surfing injuries and deaths
Skitching
Train surfing
References
Accidents
Surfing
Urban exploration
Steven Roth (born 1941) is a real estate investor, the founder and chairman of Vornado Realty Trust, the largest commercial landlord in New York City. He is also co-founder and managing general partner of Interstate Properties, and chairman and chief executive officer of Alexander's.
Early life and education
Roth was born to a Jewish family,<ref>Nathan-Kazis, Josh, "Romney PAC Attracts New Jewish Donors", Jewish Daily Forward, March 12, 2012.</ref> the son of Fred and Virginia Roth. He graduated from DeWitt Clinton High School in the Bronx. In 1962, Roth graduated with a B.A. from Dartmouth College and in 1963, he graduated with a M.B.A. from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth.
Career
In 1964, with $250,000 in seed money from real estate investor David Mandelbaum, he formed Interstate Properties, a three-person partnership (Roth, Mandelbaum, and Russell Wight Jr.) tasked with purchasing, renovating, and leasing shopping centers with Roth as managing partner. He repaid Mandelbaum within a year. In 1979, Interstate purchased an interest in the New Jersey discount appliance chain, Two Guys and later gained control of its parent company Vornado, a former fan manufacturer (purchased by Two Guys in 1959 to utilize its tax loss carryforwards) and dissolved the chain, turning the stores into strip malls. His efforts were very successful and in 1980, he founded the New York-based real estate investment trust Vornado Realty Trust. In 1993, Roth took Vornado Realty Trust public. In 1995, Vornado purchased a controlling interest in Alexander's - the former retailer that had declared bankruptcy in 1992 - for $54.8 million from Citicorp, adding Alexander's substantial real estate holdings to his existent portfolio.
In the 1980s, Donald Trump bought the West Side Yards, an abandoned railroad yard along the Hudson River in midtown Manhattan, but in the 1990s was forced by his bankers to sell 70% to a group of Hong Kong investors. They developed the site, then sold it in 2005, spending the proceeds on 1290 Sixth Avenue and a San Francisco skyscraper, with Trump receiving 30% ownership of both. The Hong Kong investors then sold their share to Roth, making Roth and Trump business partners.
In 1997, marking its first major acquisition outside of strip malls, Vornado purchased seven Midtown office buildings with 4 million square feet from Bernard H. Mendik for $656 million. In 1998, they purchased 20 more office buildings in Manhattan for $1.7 billion, including One Penn Plaza.
Roth's companies had past involvement in the Alexander's deal with Trump and with Jared Kushner, Kushner's father and the Kushner family's real estate business.Haberman, Maggie, and Glenn Thrush, "Trump Reaches Beyond West Wing for Counsel > Steve Roth", April 22, 2017. Retrieved 2017-04-23. Jared announced sale of his interests to his family when accepting a senior Trump White House appointment in January 2017. Vornado's involvement with the Kushner family in 666 Fifth Avenue continued as of March 2017. Trump and Roth also co-own 1290 Sixth Avenue, an office tower containing 2.1 million square feet office. Trump owns 30%, while Roth owns 30%. It is the second largest property in Vornado's New York portfolio.
As of 2016, Vornado owned more than 50 properties in New York City, covering 23.5 million square feet, making it the largest commercial landlord in New York City. In 2017, Roth was paid $2 million in dividends on shares in firms that he does not own. Reporting on this payout, Crains News York noted that “Vornado is one of at least 10 New York companies that pay executives dividends on shares they don't own,” a form of compensation that exists “because companies regularly grant executives restricted shares that don't vest for several years.”
The Associated Press'' reported in June 2017 that Vornado was one of three finalists for a $1.7 billion contract to build a new headquarters building in Washington D.C. for the FBI. Critics, noting Roth's role as a Trump infrastructure advisor and a consultant with the White House Office of American Innovation, led by Jared Kushner, charged that any government contract with Vornado would represent a conflict of interest.
In July 2017, Roth advised U.S. Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao not to cancel construction of the Gateway Project, which would link New Jersey with Penn Station in Manhattan. Vornado is one of the three firms that are turning the old Farley Post Office building in New York into Moynihan Station, an expansion of Penn Station.
Political involvement
Roth was a major donor to Eliot Spitzer's 2006 New York gubernatorial campaign. He served as one of the top economic advisers to Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign in 2016 and was included in a March 2017 White House meeting on the Trump Administration infrastructure plan. Roth was present at Trump headquarters on April 20, 2016, when Trump gave a speech celebrating his victory in multiple GOP primaries. Also present, and thanked by Trump, were Carl Icahn, Howard Lorber, and Bennett LeBow. But Roth won the lion's share of Trump's praise. The president later spoke of establishing a national panel of "very smart people that know how to spend money properly", with Roth and another New York developer Richard LeFrak as co-heads, to review infrastructure projects.
Philanthropy and accolades
Roth has served as a trustee of the Intrepid Museum Foundation, the Whitney Museum of American Art, the Jewish Theological Seminary of America, and the New York University School of Medicine Foundation. He also served as chair of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (NAREIT) and as a member of the Board of Overseers of Tuck. He funded the Roth Center for Jewish Life at Dartmouth and in 2012, he received an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters degree from Dartmouth.
Honors and awards
Roth was a Crain's Hall of Fame inductee in 2015.
Personal life
Roth's wife is Broadway producer Daryl Roth (née Atkins) who is also Jewish. They have two children: Jordan Roth (born 1975), who is the president and majority owner of Jujamcyn Theaters; and Amanda Roth Salzhauer.
In August 2017, Roth had heart bypass surgery. After a brief medical leave, he resumed the reins of Vornado, saying to investors, “I'm not quite done yet.”
References
1941 births
American billionaires
American real estate businesspeople
American retail chief executives
Businesspeople from New York City
DeWitt Clinton High School alumni
Jewish American philanthropists
Living people
People from the Bronx
Place of birth missing (living people)
Roth family
Tuck School of Business alumni
21st-century American Jews
Tom Bresnahan (born January 21, 1935, in Springfield, Massachusetts) was the Offensive Coordinator of the NFL's Buffalo Bills from 1992-1996. He was promoted after serving as the team's offensive line coach and would hold both responsibilities.
After the end of the 1996 season, he was stripped of his offensive coordinator title in favor of Dan Henning due to poor performance.
1963-1968 Williams College OL/DL
1971 University of Columbia OL
1973-1980 Naval Academy
1981-1982 Kansas City Chiefs
1983-1984 New York Giants OL
1986-1988 Arizona Cardinals OL
1989-1991 Buffalo Bills OL
1992-1996 Buffalo Bills OC
1997 Buffalo Bills OL
2006-2009 Massachusetts Maritime Football Consultant
References
Buffalo Bills coaches
Living people
1935 births
The Once and Future King is collection of fantasy novels by T. H. White about the legend of King Arthur. It is loosely based upon the 1485 work Le Morte d'Arthur by Sir Thomas Malory. It was first published in 1958 as a collection of shorter novels published from 1938 to 1940, with some new or amended material. The title refers to a legend that Arthur will one day return as king.
Summary
Most of the book takes place in "Gramarye", the name that White gives to Britain, and chronicles the youth and education of King Arthur, his rule as a king, and the romance between Sir Lancelot and Queen Guinevere. Arthur is supposed to have lived in the 5th and 6th centuries, but the book is set around the 14th century. Arthur is portrayed as an Anglo-Norman rather than a Briton; White refers to the actual monarchs of that period as "mythical". The book ends immediately before Arthur's final battle against his illegitimate son Mordred. White acknowledged that his book's source material is loosely derived from Le Morte d'Arthur, although he reinterprets the events of that story from the perspective of a world recovering from World War II.
The book is divided into four parts:
The Sword in the Stone (1938), detailing the youth of Arthur
The Queen of Air and Darkness (1939), published separately in somewhat different form as The Witch in the Wood
The Ill-Made Knight (1940), dealing mainly with the character of Lancelot
The Candle in the Wind (1958), first published in the composite edition
A final part called The Book of Merlyn (written 1941, published 1977) was published separately following White's death. It chronicles Arthur's final lessons from Merlyn before his death, although some parts of it were incorporated into the final editions of the previous books, mostly The Sword in the Stone, after White became aware that the compiled text of The Once and Future King would not include his final volume. The Book of Merlyn was the volume that first contained the adventures with the ants and the geese. However, it still has independent value as the only text in which all Arthur's animals are brought together, and the final parts of his life are related.
Plot
The story starts in the final years of the rule of King Uther Pendragon. The first part, "The Sword in the Stone", chronicles Arthur's upbringing by his foster father Sir Ector, his rivalry and friendship with his foster brother Kay, and his initial training by Merlyn, a wizard who lives through time backwards. Merlyn, knowing the boy's destiny, teaches Arthur (known as "Wart") what it means to be a good king by turning him into various kinds of animals: fish, hawk, ant, goose, and badger. Each of the transformations is meant to teach Wart a lesson, which will prepare him for his future life.
Merlyn instills in Arthur the concept that the only justifiable reason for war is to prevent another from going to war and that contemporary human governments and powerful people exemplify the worst aspects of the rule of Might.
White revised the original Sword in the Stone heavily for the four-part book in 1958. He took out the wizards' duel between Merlyn and Madame Mim, the adventure with T. natrix the snake, and the episode with the giant Galapagas. The first of those was replaced with the adventure of the ants. In the Wart's adventure with Merlyn's owl, Archimedes, the boy Arthur becomes a wild goose instead of visiting the goddess Athena. In the adventure with Robin Hood in the original book, the outlaws take the boys to attack the Anthropophagi (cannibals) and the Wart kills a Sciopod. In the 1958 version, the boys lead an attack on Morgan le Fay's Castle Chariot and Kay kills a griffin. The revisions reflect White's preoccupation with political questions in The Once and Future King, and generally give the first part of the work a more adult flavour.
In part two, The Queen of Air and Darkness, White sets the stage for Arthur's demise by introducing the Orkney clan and detailing Arthur's seduction by their mother, his half-sister Queen Morgause. While the young king suppresses initial rebellions, Merlyn leads him to envision a means of harnessing potentially destructive Might for the cause of Right: the chivalric order of the Round Table.
The third part, The Ill-Made Knight, shifts focus from King Arthur to the story of Sir Lancelot and Queen Guinevere's forbidden love, the means they adopt to hide their affair from the King (although he already knows of it from Merlyn), and its effect on Elaine, Lancelot's sometime lover and the mother of his son Galahad.
The Candle in the Wind unites these narrative threads by telling how Mordred's hatred of his father and Sir Agravaine's hatred of Lancelot cause the eventual downfall of Arthur, Guinevere, Lancelot, and the entire ideal kingdom of Camelot.
The book begins as a quite light-hearted account of the young Arthur's adventures and King Pellinore's interminable search for the Questing Beast. Parts of The Sword in the Stone read almost as a parody of Arthurian legend by virtue of White's prose style, which relies heavily on anachronisms. However, the tale gradually changes tone: The Ill-Made Knight becomes more meditative, and The Candle in the Wind finds Arthur brooding over death and his legacy.
Characterization in the work
White reinterprets the traditional Arthurian characters, often giving them motivations or traits more complex than or even contradictory to those in earlier versions of the legend. For example:
Arthur grows from a fallible but inquisitive and enthusiastic youth ("the Wart") to an individualised and psychologically complex man.
Lancelot is no longer the handsome knight typical in the romances, but is instead portrayed as the ugliest of Arthur's knights. He is also intensely introspective and obsessively insecure, traits which lead to bouts of self-loathing. He seeks to overcome his flaws by becoming Arthur's greatest knight.
Merlyn lives through time backwards, making him a bumbling yet wise old man who is getting younger. He makes many anachronistic allusions to future events, including references to World War II, telegraphs, tanks, and "an Austrian who … plunged the civilized world into misery and chaos" (i.e., Adolf Hitler).
Sir Galahad is not well liked by many of the knights, as he is too "perfect"—to the point of being inhuman.
Sir Bors (whom White labels "Sir Bors the misogynist") is depicted as so devoted to his religious convictions that he is willing to do harm to others and the world around him rather than risk sacrificing his purity. His holy goodness is juxtaposed with Sir Lancelot's worldly goodness, with many of the characters favouring Lancelot.
Reception
Floyd C. Gale praised The Sword in the Stone as "blithely comic and entirely delightful", stating that it was "in utter contrast to the mounting tragedy" of the other three volumes of the series. Fantasy historian Lin Carter called it "the single finest fantasy novel written in our time, or for that matter, ever written." Constance Grady of Vox also praised the novel, stating: "White was writing for a post–World War II audience, but his book has a vigor and clarity that makes it an urgent and important read today."
Film, television, and theatrical adaptations
Although Walt Disney initially purchased the film rights to The Ill-Made Knight in 1944, he eventually produced an adaptation of The Sword in the Stone (released in 1963). This movie reflects more the sense of humour of Disney's team of animators than White's. The movie adds a more comical side to the original story, including song and dance, as in most Disney films.
Alan Jay Lerner and Frederick Loewe's 1960 musical Camelot (which was made into a movie in 1967) is based mostly on the last two books of The Once and Future King and features White's idea of having Thomas Malory make a cameo appearance at the end, again as "Tom of Warwick".
BBC Radio produced a dramatised version of "The Sword in the Stone" for Children's Hour shortly after its publication in 1938. Incidental music for the serial was specially composed by Benjamin Britten.
A two-hour version of The Sword in the Stone, dramatised by Neville Teller, was first broadcast as a Saturday Night Theatre on Boxing Day, 1981. Michael Hordern played Merlyn and Toby Robertson was the Wart. The cast included Pauline Letts, David Davis, Jeffrey Segal and Lewis Stringer. Benjamin Britten's incidental music, played by the English Sinfonia, was used in the production, which was by Graham Gauld.
BBC Radio 4 serialised the book in six one-hour episodes dramatised by Brian Sibley, beginning on Sunday 9 November 2014 with Paul Ready as Arthur and David Warner as Merlyn.
Other references
Film
George A. Romero's film Knightriders (1981) references The Once and Future King as the inspiration for a travelling Camelot of motorcycle-riding knights aspiring to the code of chivalry.
The film X2 (2003) begins one scene with Magneto reading the first edition of The Once and Future King in his prison cell. At the end of the film, Xavier is using the book as a teaching tool.
In the film Bobby (2006) Edward Robinson (Laurence Fishburne) relates the novel's depiction of King Arthur to the selfless and chivalrous qualities of Jose Rojas (Freddy Rodriguez).
The film X-Men: Apocalypse (2016) shows Charles Xavier reading lines from The Once and Future King with his students.
In Lorenzo's Oil (1992), Michaela reads The Once and Future King aloud to Lorenzo.
Literature
In Rodman Philbrick's Freak the Mighty (1993) Max Kane and Kevin Dillon bond through the book; and, inspired by Dillon's fits of fancy, the two embark on a quest to embody the heroic qualities of King Arthur.
The Magicians by Lev Grossman includes a long sequence where magicians-in-training are transformed into geese, a "direct and loving homage" to Wart's transformation in The Sword in the Stone.
Jim Butcher uses the title of Queen of Air and Darkness as an epithet of Queen Mab, ruler of the Winter Fae and the Unseelie Sidhe in The Dresden Files.
Cassandra Clare uses the title Queen of Air and Darkness (2018) for the naming of her third book in The Dark Artifices series as a reference to White's second story.
Comics
In the Marvel Universe, the X-Men comics mention The Once and Future King several times, notably in the first issue of the "X-Tinction Agenda" story arc, which mentions that the book is Professor X's favourite, and that Xavier always saw himself as Merlyn, the teacher guiding the hero(es), rather than as a hero himself.
In the "Ultimate X-Men" comics, the book is a metaphor for Magneto, an extremely powerful mutant terrorist.
"Once & Future", a comic by Kieron Gillen where Arthurian legends return in modern times, directly copies the title.
Television
The animated series Gargoyles references The Once and Future King when King Arthur is awakened in Avalon.
The TV series Merlin talks about "The Once and Future King" throughout the series, the first time said by the Great Dragon to Merlin about his destiny.
In Netflix series House of Cards, President Underwood quotes an excerpt from King Arthur's monologue "I Know What My People Are Thinking Tonight" from the musical film Camelot (1967) based on musical stages Camelot (1960).
The Starz series Blunt Talk references The Once and Future King several times as it is Walter Blunt's favourite story.
References
External links
"The Once and Future King" Study Guide at Wikibooks
"NLS/BPH: Minibibliographies, The Once and Future King" by T. H. White
Essay: "The Importance of the Second World War to T.H. White's Once and Future King".
1958 review by Ken Slater
1958 British novels
1958 fantasy novels
Modern Arthurian fiction
British fantasy novels
Reboot (fiction)
Novels by T. H. White
William Collins, Sons books
British novels adapted into films
Donji Branetići is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 134 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
The blue-necked tanager (Stilpnia cyanicollis) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It is found in South America from Colombia to Bolivia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical moist montane forest, and heavily degraded former forest. The blue-necked tanager averages 12 cm in length and weighs approximately 17 g. They have a blue hood and throat. The wing coverts, wing edges, and rump are turquoise to a greenish straw color. The posterior underparts are black, violet, or blue. The juveniles are brownish gray, with a hint of adult coloration. Coloration of adults varies slightly by region. The beaks, legs, and feet are black. The diet of the blue-necked tanager consists of fruits, berries, flower blossoms and insects. Tanagers will pick insects from leaves, or sometimes in flight, but fruit is the major dietary item.
The female builds a cup nest of moss, usually well concealed, and lays an average of 2 white eggs with brown spotting. Incubation is 13–14 days and the chicks fledge after 15–16 days. The male and female feed the nestlings on insects and fruit, and may be assisted by helpers.
References
blue-necked tanager
Birds of the Northern Andes
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of the Amazon Basin
blue-necked tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
March Route of Rochambeau's Army: Reservoir Road is a historic site in Newtown, Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
It is along the march route taken by French commander Rochambeau's troops in 1781.
The listed site is less than in area, and comprises a section of Reservoir Road running between stone walls, which is believed to be the roadway taken by Rochambeau's army. It is an undeveloped property.
It's one of multiple properties whose possible listing on the National Register was covered in a 2001 MPS study.
See also
March Route of Rochambeau's army
List of historic sites preserved along Rochambeau's route
References
Roads on the National Register of Historic Places in Connecticut
Historic districts in Fairfield County, Connecticut
Newtown, Connecticut
Historic places on the Washington–Rochambeau Revolutionary Route
National Register of Historic Places in Fairfield County, Connecticut
Connecticut in the American Revolution
American Revolution on the National Register of Historic Places
Downtown Bellevue is the central business district of Bellevue, Washington, United States. It is bounded by I-405 to the east, NE 12th Street to the north, 100th Ave NE to the west, and Main Street to the south, and covers an area of around . It is the second largest city center in Washington state, with more than 50,000 employees and 12,000 residents. Geographically centered near the heart of the Puget Sound region, Downtown Bellevue is a regional growth center offering over of Class A office space, various major retail and entertainment locations, more than 2,500 hotel rooms and almost 10,000 housing units.
Transportation
Downtown Bellevue is the main Eastside hub for both the local transit authority, King County Metro, and Sound Transit, the regional transit system. The Bellevue Transit Center, which serves both Metro and Sound Transit buses, is located in the heart of Downtown Bellevue and is connected to Interstate 405 by NE 6th St. with direct-access "Texas-T" HOV ramps. The Bellevue Transit Center will be adjacent to the Bellevue Downtown East Link Light Rail station, which is under construction and projected to open in 2023. Local buses run through Kirkland, Redmond, Issaquah, Renton, and the University District; regional buses go to Bothell, Lynnwood, Everett, Seattle, Renton, Kent, Auburn and Federal Way, among other cities.
Bellevue Way is the main North-South arterial through downtown. NE 8th St and NE 4th St are the main East-West arterials through Downtown. As of June 2010, the 10th St overpass is complete, creating a third bridge over the freeway. Later improvements to I-405 have smoothed the weave of traffic and access to SR-520.
Retail
Anchored by The Bellevue Collection and The Shops at The Bravern, downtown Bellevue is a regional shopping destination. The Bellevue Collection is a trio of mixed-use complexes of shops, offices, hotels, and condos. Bellevue Square, Lincoln Square, and Bellevue Place feature more than 200 shops and restaurants, department stores, and a 16-screen cinema.
Bellevue Square is anchored by Macy's, Macy's Home Store and Nordstrom, later being expanded to feature Uniqlo, Zara, and the Northwest's first 365 by Whole Foods.
Opened in 2009, the Bravern is a high-end complex of shops, apartments, and offices located on the eastern edge of downtown adjacent to I-405. It featured the only Neiman Marcus in the Northwest, which closed in 2020 following the company's bankruptcy.
Grocery stores in Downtown Bellevue include QFC, Safeway and H-Mart. Whole Foods, Uwajimaya and Trader Joe's are located in the Wilburton district just across I-405.
Parks
Bellevue Downtown Park and Rose Garden is a park located in southwest downtown Bellevue. It features a half-mile promenade flanked by shade trees along with a stepped canal, rose gardens, grassy fields, and a playground for children. Major holidays and activities are celebrated here, including the annual Bellevue Collection Bellevue Family 4th of July, Summer Movie Nights, and the Magic Season Ice Arena. The Downtown Park is undergoing an expansion through the city's "Complete the Circle" project and will soon (2017) feature the Inspiration Playground and Sensory Garden.
Ashwood Park is a smaller green space located near the Bellevue Library, the largest in the King County Library System, and the future home of KidsQuest Children's Museum.
Economy
Downtown Bellevue is the headquarters for several major employers, including Paccar, Eddie Bauer, Valve, Bungie, Apptio, SAP Concur, Symetra Financial and Puget Sound Energy. Although headquartered in the neighboring city of Redmond, Microsoft is downtown Bellevue's largest employer with more than 6,000 workers. Amazon plans to bring 25,000 jobs to downtown Bellevue as part of the planned expansion of its Puget Sound headquarters. The company has committed to about of office space through leases and new construction. Meydenbauer Center hosts a variety of major conventions, trade shows, fundraisers, and corporate events. It also features the 410-seat Theatre at Meydenbauer Center.
Buildings
References
External links
Neighborhoods in Bellevue, Washington
Tourist attractions in King County, Washington
The is a rapid transit electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated on the Sendai Subway Namboku Line in Sendai, Japan.
The 1000 series was the world's first train type to use fuzzy logic to control its speed, and this system developed by Hitachi accounts for the relative smoothness of the starts and stops when compared to other trains, and is 10% more energy efficient than human-controlled acceleration. It was the recipient of the 28th Laurel Prize award presented by the Japan Railfan Club.
Refurbishment
From 2004 until 2013, the 1000 series trains underwent mid-life refurbishment to extend their lifespan. As of April 2009, 12 sets have been refurbished, and the refurbished sets are renamed 1000N series.
The refurbished trains include the following features.
LED destination indicators at the train ends
Space for wheelchairs
Air-conditioning
LED destination indicators inside trains
Interior
See also
Sendai Subway 2000 series
References
External links
Sendai City Transportation Bureau website
Electric multiple units of Japan
Sendai Subway Namboku Line
Train-related introductions in 1987
Kawasaki multiple units
1500 V DC multiple units of Japan
The Kwan Um School of Zen (관음선종회) (KUSZ) is an international school of zen centers and groups founded in 1983 by Zen Master Seung Sahn. The school's international head temple is located at the Providence Zen Center in Cumberland, Rhode Island, which was founded in 1972 shortly after Seung Sahn first came to the United States. The Kwan Um style of Buddhist practice combines ritual common both to Korean Buddhism and Rinzai school of Zen, and their morning and evening services include elements of Huayan and Pure Land Buddhism. While the Kwan Um Zen School comes under the banner of the Jogye Order of Korean Seon, the school has been adapted by Seung Sahn to the needs of Westerners. According to James Ishmael Ford, the Kwan Um School of Zen is the largest Zen school in the Western world.
History
Seung Sahn first arrived in the United States in 1972, where he lived in Providence, Rhode Island and worked at a Korean-owned laundromat, repairing washing machines to financially support himself. Not long after, students from nearby Brown University began coming to him for instruction. This resulted in the opening of the Providence Zen Center in 1972.
In 1974, prior to the official creation of the school, Seung Sahn founded Dharma Zen Center in Los Angeles, a place where laypeople could practice without leaving their urban lives, and regardless of their background. In that same year, Cambridge Zen Center was also started. The following year, Seung Sahn founded the Chogye International Zen Center of New York City, and then in 1977 Empty Gate Zen Center in Berkeley, California.
In 1979, the Providence Zen Center moved from its location in Providence to its current space in Cumberland, Rhode Island. The Kwan Um School of Zen was founded in 1983, and in July of that year, construction began on a Korean-style zen monastery on the grounds of Providence Zen Center. Opening ceremonies for the monastery were held in July of 1984.
By the summer of 1984, there were four zen centers and three additional zen groups in Poland.
By the time of Seung Sahn's death in 2004, he had established nearly 40 zen centers.
The Kwan Um School of Zen has one of only a few Zen centers located in Israel with their Tel Aviv Zen Center, led by Revital Dan. It is one of only four Kwan Um School Zen centers in Israel, with its history linked to trips by Seung Sahn to Israel in the 1990s to teach at various alternative medicine centers. According to Lionel Obadia, "Revital Dan, currently heading the TAZC, followed Seung Sahn back to Korea and trained in the monastic style of retreat. Back in Israel with her Dharma-teacher degree, she founded a Zen group. The opening ceremony of the TAZC took place in January 1999. The activities of the Kwan Um School have received widespread media coverage and the number of attendees is increasing." The other three centers in Israel practicing in the KUSZ are the Hasharon Zen Center, the Ramat Gan Zen Group and the Pardes Hanna Zen Centre.
Characteristics
According to the book Religion and Public Life in the Pacific Northwest edited by Patricia O'Connell Killen and Mark Silk,
As Mu Soeng indicates, one of the key tenets to practice is what Seung Sahn often called "together action." Many members actually live in the zen centers, and one of the rules is that personal biases must be set aside for the good of the community.
At the time of his arrival in America, Seung Sahn's teachings were different from many Japanese Zen Masters who had arrived in the United States to teach Zen Buddhism to Americans. During the early days he did not place a strong emphasis on seated meditation, which is the core of most Japanese traditions of Zen, but rather on Koans. It was through the urging of some of his first students, some of whom had practiced in Japanese schools previously, that Seung Sahn came to place a stronger emphasis on sitting meditation. In addition to seated meditation, chanting and prostrations are very important forms of meditation for the school, aimed at clearing the mind of students.
The school website says, "Prostrations could be likened to the 'emergency measure' for clearing the mind. They are a very powerful technique for seeing the karma of a situation because both the mind and the body are involved. Something that might take days of sitting to digest may be digested in a much shorter time with prostrations. The usual practice here is to do 1000 bows a day (actually 1080). This can be done all at once or as is usually the case, spread out through the day." The number of prostrations students often perform varies in part on their physical ability, though at least 108 and up to 1080 per day is usual. Also unique in the KUSZ is the fact that celibacy is not required of those who are ordained. Rather, Seung Sahn created the idea of a "Bodhisattva Monk," which essentially is an individual who can be married and hold a job but also be a monk in the order. This status has now been superseded in the KUSZ by "Bodhisattva Teacher", who takes the 48 precepts but is not considered an ordained monk.
Seung Sahn also held unorthodox views on Zen practice in Western culture, and was open to the idea of his dharma heirs starting their own schools as he had done. Seung Sahn is quoted as having said, "As more Zen Masters appear, their individual styles will emerge. Perhaps some of them will make their own schools. So maybe, slowly, this Korean style will disappear and be replaced by an American style or American styles. But the main line does not change." Author Kenneth Kraft offers an apt quote from Seung Sahn on the issue of Zen and Western culture in his book Zen, Tradition and Transition (pp. 194–195),
Kyol Che
During the summer and winter months, The Kwan Um School of Zen offers a Kyol Che (meaning "tight dharma")—a 21- to 90-day intensive silent meditation retreat. In Korea, both the summer and winter Kyol Che last a duration of 90 days, while the Providence Zen Center offers three weeks in the summer and 90 days in winter. Arrangements can be made for shorter stays for those with busy schedules. A Kyol Che provides a structured environment for meditators. Participation in one of these intensive retreats offers individuals the chance to free themselves from intellectual attachments and develop compassion. Participants have no contact with the outside world while undergoing a retreat, and the only literature permitted are those works written by Seung Sahn. They are in practice from 4:45 a.m. to 9:45 p.m. each day, and are not permitted to keep a diary during their stay. Talking is only permitted when absolute necessity arises and during dokusan (), a private meeting with a teacher. The school also offers Yong Maeng Jong Jins, which are two- to seven-day silent retreats complete with dokusan with a Ji Do Poep Sa Nim or Soen Sa Nim (Zen master).
Hierarchy
There are essentially four kinds of teachers in the Kwan Um tradition, all having attained a varying degree of mastery and understanding.
A dharma teacher is an individual that has taken the Ten Precepts, completed a minimum of four years of training and a minimum of eight weekend retreats, understood basic Zen teaching and has been confirmed by a Soen Sa Nim to receive the title. These individuals can give a Dharma talk but may not respond to audience questions.
A senior Dharma teacher is a Dharma teacher who, after a minimum of five years, has been confirmed by a Soen Sa Nim and has taken the Sixteen precepts. These individuals are given greater responsibility than a Dharma teacher, are able to respond to questions during talks, and give consulting interviews.
A Ji Do Poep Sa Nim (JDPSN or "dharma master"; jido beopsa-nim; ; ) is an authorized individual that has completed kōan training, having received inka, and is capable of leading a retreat. Completing kōan training is the first step toward becoming a JDPSN, followed by a nomination to receive inka by a Zen Master. There is no standard for measuring whether someone has completed their kōan training and many students who pass all kōans in the Kwan Um "12 Gates" are not nominated for inka. The individual is then assessed by five Dharma teachers, one being the nominating party, and the other four being independent Dharma teachers. The nominee must demonstrate an aptitude for the task of teaching, showing the breadth of their understanding in their daily conduct. Should the nominee be approved to be granted the title of JDPSN, a ceremony is held thereafter and the student engages in lively public Dharma combat with a number of students and teachers. They are then given a kasa and keisaku and undergo a period of teacher training.
A Soen Sa Nim (Zen master; seonsa-nim; ; ) is a JDPSN that has received full Dharma transmission master to master. The title is most often used in reference to Seung Sahn, but all Zen masters in the Kwan Um tradition have the title Soen Sa Nim.
An Abbot serves a Zen center in an administrative capacity and does not necessarily provide spiritual direction, though several are Soen Sa Nims. These individuals take care of budgets and other such tasks.
School Zen Master
Soeng Hyang
School Abbot
Dae Kwang
Other Zen Masters
Dae Bong (Regional Zen Master, Asia, Australia, Africa)
Bon Shim (Regional Zen Master, Europe)
Wu Kwang (Regional Zen Master, Americas)
Bon Yeon
Su Bong (deceased)
Wu Bong (deceased)
Hae Kwang
Bon Haeng
Bon Soeng
Dae Kwan
Chong Gak Shim
Dae Soen Haeng
Ji Kwang
Bon Hae
Inactive
Sogong
New schools
Bomun (George Bowman)
Dae Gak
Ji Bong (Golden Wind Zen Order)
Controversies
In 1988, Zen Master Seung Sahn admitted that he had had sexual relations with a few of his students. According to Sandy Boucher in Turning the Wheel: American Women Creating the New Buddhism:
James Ishmael Ford had this to say on the relationships:
The Kwan Um School of Zen has since developed an ethics policy that has guidelines for teacher/student relationships and consequences for unethical behavior.
Gallery
See also
Korean Buddhism
Buddhism in the United States
Cambridge Zen Center
Chogye International Zen Center
Musangsa
Tel Aviv Zen Center
Timeline of Zen Buddhism in the United States
The Compass of Zen
Wonkwangsa International Zen Temple
References
External links
Kwan Um United States
Kwan Um Europe
Kwan Um Czech Republic
Kwan Um Germany
Kwan Um Hungary
Kwan Um Poland
Kwan Um Russia
Kwan Um Lithuania
Su Bong Zen Monastery, Hong Kong秀峰禪院
Empty Gate Zen Center of Berkeley, CA
Dharma Zen Center of Los Angeles, CA
Zen Center of Bratislava, Slovakia
Zen in the United States
Zen sects
Cumberland, Rhode Island
Education in Providence County, Rhode Island
1983 establishments in Rhode Island
Clapsticks, also spelt clap sticks and also known as bilma, bimli, clappers, musicstick or just stick, are a traditional Australian Aboriginal instrument. They serve to maintain rhythm in voice chants, often as part of an Aboriginal ceremony.
They are a type of drumstick, percussion mallet or claves that belongs to the idiophone category.
Unlike drumsticks, which are generally used to strike a drum, clapsticks are intended for striking one stick on another.
Origin and nomenclature
In northern Australia, clapsticks would traditionally accompany the didgeridoo, and are called bimli or bilma by the Yolngu people of north-east Arnhem Land in the Northern Territory of Australia.
Boomerang clapsticks
Boomerang clapsticks are similar to regular clapsticks but they can be shaken for a rattling sound or be clapped together.
Technique
The usual technique employed when using clapsticks is to clap the sticks together to create a rhythm that goes along with the song.
See also
Clapper (musical instrument)
Clapper stick
External links
A survey of traditional south-eastern Australian Indigenous music by Barry McDonald (book chapter)
Stick concussion idiophones
Australian Aboriginal music
Australian musical instruments
The Cambodia women's national football team represents Cambodia in international women's association football and is governed by Football Federation of Cambodia (FFC).
While the national federation was founded in 1933 and has received support from Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) and Asian Football Confederation (AFC), the development of women's football has been slow with football not the most popular women's sport in the country. The women's first national championship was not held until 2010. The senior team had its first match in June 2018. They have participated in three editions of the AFF Women's Championship, defeating Timor-Leste twice and drawing a match against Laos.
The under-16 national team, coached by Sam Schweingruber, played in the nation's first FIFA recognised women's international in May 2009 when they played Laos, with Nith Pean being the first woman to score a goal in international play. The under-14 team is also coached by Schweingruber, and participated in the 2011 AFC U-14 Girls' Festival of Football in Vietnam. The following year, the under-13 team competed in the 2012 AFC Girls Football Festival.
History
The national association was founded in 1933 and became a FIFA affiliate in 1954. The national federation is a member of ASEAN. There are no full-time staff members employed by the federation to look after women's football and representation of women's football as a federation interest is not guaranteed by the federation.
AFC's AID27 programme provides Cambodia a maximum of US$24,000 a year between 2008 and 2012 to support women's football in the country. FIFA-supported grassroots development of the women's game also exists. FIFA grass roots development officer Sam Schweingruber said of this: "In Cambodia, it was unthinkable at the outset for girls to take part in the Grassroots programme. We managed to push that through, and now it's seen as perfectly normal. And that is bound to help in boosting the confidence of young Cambodian women, and making them feel more important."
Football for women ranks between the 5th and 10th most popular sport in the country, though its popularity is increasing. Space to play sport is an issue facing all sports in the country. Between 2000 and 2006, there were no registered female football players in the country, and none of the 65 football clubs in the country were open to women.
In 2007, there were only two Cambodian women, Gne Kom' Sorth and Lee Heang, who had a FIFA-approved D-license football coaching badge. Both were recruited through FIFA's Spirit of Soccer program and worked to bring the game to areas with land mines. In 2008, the Risk Education Soccer tournament was held and several girls under-14 teams participated. The first women's national championship was held in 2010. Rights to broadcast the 2011 Women's World Cup in the country were bought by the Cambodian Broadcasting Service. By 2012, between Battambang or Phnom Penh, there were 400 girls playing in organised clubs.
The progress of women's football in the country was described by FIFA in 2009 as historic. In 2009, the Com-Unity Women's Football Seminar was held Phnom Penh. At the three-day seminar, the Football Federation of Cambodia indicated their support for women's football. A follow-up event was supported by FIFA in 2010.
Chheun Nipha from Cambodia participated in a 2012 AFC 'C' Coaching Certificate Course organised as part of the AFC U-13 Girls' Football Tournament 2012. In 2012, the women's team participated in the Charity Cup, a competition designed to help with fundraising to send a team to compete at the Homeless World Cup. In May 2012, an under-15 women's football festival was held in Cambodia, organised by the German embassy and German Business Group Cambodia, and held at the University of Battambang. The competition was won by the Mighty Girls in a 2–0 win over CFI.
Cambodia played their first FIFA-recognised matches in 2018 at the AFF Women's Championship. They won their first match, a 12–0 victory over Timor-Leste on 30 June 2018. They lost their other three group stages matches, all without scoring another goal. Cambodia entered the AFF Women's Championship again in 2019 and 2022. They lost all their group stage games in 2019. They fared better in 2022, defeating Timor-Leste again and drawing their match against Laos by a 1–1 score. Nevertheless, they did not advance out of the group stage. Beyond the AFF Women's Championship, Cambodia participated in the Southeast Asian Games in 2021, losing both their games and not scoring any goals. The captain of the team in their first tournament in 2018 was Hout Koemhong, who grew up in an orphanage and trained at SALT Academy for six years. The captain in 2022 was Ban Cheavey.
Team image
Kits and crest
The country's kit colours are blue, white and red shirts, white shorts, and red socks.
Cambodia women's national youth teams
Under-16
The Cambodia women's national under-16 football team has been coached by Sam Schweingruber since it was created in 2009. The team played in their first FIFA recognised and sponsored international in spring of 2009 when they played Laos on 22 May. The team travelled to the game via bus. Nith Pean scored a goal when her team was down 2–0 to bring the score to 2–1. Her goal was the first ever goal scored by a Cambodian woman in a FIFA recognised match. That year, the team also played a match against Singapore. Two players on the 2009 under-16 team were Nin and Vesna, a pair of sisters from the SALT Academy. The sisters had been sexually exploited in Thailand but while at the Academy, they developed their skills. Nin eventually became the captain of the team.
Under-14
Kauw was a member of the Cambodia women's national under-14 football team in 2011. The assistant coach was Chhoeurn Nipha and the head coach was Sam Schweingruber. The team had a variety of players, including those who attended a football academy, school drop outs who returned just to play and girls from orphanages. The country participated in the AFC U-14 Girls' Festival of Football in Vietnam, where like the other ten participating countries, they fielded two teams. This was the first time the country participated in the event. At the competition, Cambodia lost to the Philippines 3–0. Some of the players who participated had never left the country before.
Under-13
The Cambodia women's national under-13 football team competed in the June 2012 AFC Girls Football Festival against other national sides from Thailand, Myanmar, the Philippines, Guam and Vietnam. The team played their first match against the Philippines. Cambodia lost to Vietnam 0–1 in the bronze medal game. Julie Teo, AFC's Head of Women's Football said of the event: "The quality of teams is good and the tournament has a lot of close matches. Cambodia had improved a lot from the first day." Srey Yuen was the captain in 2012. Many of the players in 2012 were drawn from the CFI club side. The team is coached by Sam Schweingruber.
Sopha Kol, secretary general of FFC, said: "For the very first time, very young Cambodian girls represented Cambodia in a regional tournament like this one. ... It doesn't matter if they win or lose as long as they start. If they don't start now, their potential will be ignored." AFC U-13 Girl Football Tournament 2012, each game had two sessions with 25 minutes each and 10 minutes' break while the football field is 80 metres long and 60 metres wide.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Legend
2022
Source: Soccerway
Competitive record
AFF Women's Championship
Southeast Asian Games
Source: Soccerway
Head-to-head record
Source: Soccerway
See also
Leagues
Cambodian Women's League
Cambodian Premier League
Cambodian League 2
Cups
Hun Sen Cup
Cambodian League Cup
Cambodian Super Cup
National teams
Men
Cambodia national football team
Cambodia national under-23 football team
Cambodia national under-21 football team
Futsal
Cambodia national futsal team
Other
Football in Cambodia
Cambodian Football Federation
References
External links
Cambodia women's national football team – official website at FFCambodia.com
Cambodia at FIFA.com
Asian women's national association football teams
The 1977 Jordanian League (known as The Jordanian League, was the 27th season of Jordan League since its inception in 1944.In the 1977 it was called (first division league). Al-Faisaly won its 17th title, Al-Faisaly won the championship after a title play-off match with Al-Jeel (2-1).
Teams
Map
League table
Al-Faisaly won the championship after a title play-off match with Al-Jeel (2-1).
Overview
Al-Faysali won the championship.
References
RSSSF
External links
Jordan Football Association website
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
The Last Hour is a 1928 comedy thriller play by the British writer Charles Bennett. At an inn on the coast of Devon, a secret agent battles a foreign prince trying to smuggle a stolen death ray out of the country.
It ran for 111 performances at the Comedy Theatre in London's West End between 20 December 1928 and 23 March 1929. The cast included Cyril Raymond, Lydia Sherwood, Edward O'Neill and Franklin Dyall.
Film adaptation
In 1930 it was made into a British film The Last Hour directed by Walter Forde and starring Stewart Rome and Kathleen Vaughan.
References
Bibliography
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
Kabatchnik, Amnon. Blood on the Stage, 1925-1950: Milestone Plays of Crime, Mystery and Detection. Scarecrow Press, 2010.
Wearing, J. P. The London Stage 1920-1929: A Calendar of Productions, Performers, and Personnel. Rowman & Littlefield, 2014.
1928 plays
Plays by Charles Bennett
British plays adapted into films
Thriller plays
West End plays
Raimonda is a predominantly Lithuanian feminine given name. Individuals with the name Raimonda include:
Raimonda Bložytė (born 1987), Lithuanian footballer
Raimonda Gaetani (born 1942), Italian stage set and costume designer
Raimonda Kudytė (born 1975), Lithuanian footballer
Raimonda Murmokaitė (born 1959), Lithuanian diplomat
Lithuanian feminine given names
Rondell Tony Jones (born May 7, 1971) is a former professional American football player who played safety for five seasons for the Denver Broncos and Baltimore Ravens in the National Football League.
1971 births
Living people
People from Calvert County, Maryland
Players of American football from Maryland
American football safeties
North Carolina Tar Heels football players
Denver Broncos players
Baltimore Ravens players
Ed Block Courage Award recipients
Gölköy is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 323 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Here are places that have the name Linia:
In Africa
Linia, Chad
In Europe
Linia, Corfu, Greece
Linia, a village in Budeşti Commune, Vâlcea County, Romania
Linia, a village in Grădiştea Commune, Vâlcea County, Romania
See also
Linea
Linia, Pomeranian Voivodeship (north Poland)
The Battle of Ladeira da Velha was fought on August 3, 1831, between Portuguese Liberal and Miguelite forces on São Miguel Island in the Azores, as part of the Portuguese civil war. It ended in a Liberal victory, which put the island and the rest of the Archipelago under Liberal control.
The Battle
Since the Battle of Praia da Vitória in 1829, Terceira Island in the Azores was under control of the Liberal forces. The Miguelites still maintained control over São Miguel Island and the Portuguese mainland.
On August 1, a liberal force under command of the Count of Vila Flor embarked on the northern coast of São Miguel, near the parish of Achadinha.
Two days later a battle was fought at Ladeira da Velha near Porto Formoso, between the invading Liberal army and troops loyal to King Miguel. The battle ended in a victory for the Liberals, which enabled them to firmly establish their control over the entire Azores Archipelago. They used the islands as a base to invade the Portuguese Mainland the next year, with the Landing at Mindelo on 8 July 1832.
Sources
Acção da Ladeira da Velha
A Batalha da Ladeira da Velha (S.Miguel - Azores).
Ladeira da Velha
1831 in Portugal
Ladeira da Velha
Ladeira da Velha
August 1831 events
Ladeira da Velha
Clervaux Castle (, , ) in the town of Clervaux in Northern Luxembourg dates back to the 12th century. Destroyed by the fire in the Second World War during the Battle of the Bulge, the castle has now been fully rebuilt. It houses the commune's administrative offices as well as a museum containing an exhibition of Edward Steichen's photographs.
Location
The castle stands at a height of 365 metres on a rocky spur above the town, surrounded on three sides by a loop in the River Clerve.
History
The oldest parts of the castle from the 12th century were built by Gerard, Count of Sponheim, a brother of the Count of Vianden. The large palace and the rounded towers are probably from around 1400 when the prosperous Lords of Brandenbourg lived there.
In 1634, Claude of Lannoy built the reception halls, including the large Knights' Hall in the Spanish style of Flanders. In 1660, stables, storerooms and administrative buildings were added. Finally, in the 18th century, new stables were built.
Over the years, like other castles in Luxembourg, Clervaux fell into disrepair although it was partly restored and used as a hotel before it was finally destroyed in the Second World War during the Battle of Clervaux (December 16 to 18, 1944), part of the Battle of the Bulge.
The castle today
After being fully restored after the war, the castle is now used partly as a museum and partly for housing the local administration.
The south wing houses an exhibition of models of Luxembourg's castles; the old kitchen in the Brandenbourg House. It is a museum devoted to the Battle of the Ardennes.
The upper floors house the permanent installation of the entire complement of 503 original and restored prints, the work of 273 photographers, from the exhibition The Family of Man, curated by Edward Steichen for The Museum of Modern Art in 1955 and which toured the world to be seen by 9 million visitors. Luxembourg was where Edward Steichen was born in 1879, in Bivange. The exhibition was first presented in the Castle in 1994 after restoration of the prints. The layout of the inaugural exhibition at MoMA is followed in order to recreate the original viewing experience, though necessarily adapted to the unique space of two floors of the restored Castle. Since further restoration of the photographs and displays in 2013 it now incorporates a library and contextualises The Family of Man with historical material and interpretation.
The remaining rooms are used for the services of the local administration.
Visiting times
The castle is open to visitors every day from 10 am to 6 pm except Mondays. It is closed in January and February.
See also
List of castles in Luxembourg
References
Clervaux
Castles in Luxembourg
Tourist attractions in Luxembourg
Castles in the Ardennes (Luxembourg)
Castles in the Eifel
Shortliffe is a surname. Notable people with this surname include:
Edward H. Shortliffe (born 1947), Canadian-born American biomedical informatician, physician, and computer scientist
Glen Shortliffe (1937–2010), Canadian diplomat, civil servant, businessman, and Clerk of the Privy Council
Lorcaserin, marketed under the brand name Belviq is a weight-loss drug developed by Arena Pharmaceuticals. It reduces appetite by activating a type of serotonin receptor known as the 5-HT2C receptor in a region of the brain called the hypothalamus, which is known to control appetite. It was removed from the market in the United States in 2020 due to an increased risk of cancer detected in users of Belviq.
Medical uses
Lorcaserin is used long term for weight loss in those who are obese.
Side effects
In December 2012, the US Drug Enforcement Administration proposed classifying lorcaserin as a Schedule IV drug because it has hallucinogenic properties at higher than approved doses and users could develop psychiatric dependencies on the drug. On 7 May 2013, the US Drug Enforcement Administration classified lorcaserin as a Schedule IV drug under the Controlled Substances Act.
There has been concern that lorcaserin can cause cardiac valvulopathy based upon the reports of subjects taking the drug in Phase 2 trials. However, a Phase 3 clinical trial of the drug was conducted and the results published in the October 2014 Postgraduate Medicine journal, a peer-reviewed medical journal for physicians. These results found no statistically significant differences in valvulopathy rates compared to control, being 2.4% for the drug subjects and 2.0% for controls, and concluded that the drug is safe for the target population although more long-term data is needed.
A drug safety communication from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), in January 2020, stated that a clinical trial demonstrated a possible increased risk of cancer for those taking lorcaserin. The FDA approval of lorcaserin required the manufacturer to conduct a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial to evaluate the risk of heart-related problems. The trial was conducted in approximately 12,000 participants over five years and more patients taking lorcaserin were diagnosed with cancer compared to patients taking placebo.
In February 2020, the FDA requested that the manufacturer lorcaserin voluntarily withdraw the drug from the US market because a safety clinical trial showed an increased occurrence of cancer. The drug manufacturer, Eisai, has submitted a request to voluntarily withdraw the drug.
Mechanism of action
Lorcaserin is a selective 5-HT2C receptor agonist, and in vitro testing of the drug showed reasonable selectivity for 5-HT2C over other related targets. 5-HT2C receptors are located almost exclusively in the brain, and can be found in the choroid plexus, cortex, hippocampus, cerebellum, amygdala, thalamus, and hypothalamus. The activation of 5-HT2C receptors in the hypothalamus is supposed to activate proopiomelanocortin (POMC) production and consequently promote weight loss through satiety. This hypothesis is supported by clinical trials and other studies. While it is generally thought that 5-HT2C receptors help to regulate appetite as well as mood, and endocrine secretion, the exact mechanism of appetite regulation is not yet known. Lorcaserin has shown 100x selectivity for 5-HT2C versus the closely related 5-HT2B receptor, and 17x selectivity over the 5-HT2A receptor.
Approval history
On 22 December 2009, a New Drug Application (NDA) was submitted to the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in the United States. On 16 September 2010, an FDA advisory panel voted 9–5 against approval of the drug based on concerns over both efficacy and safety, particularly the findings of tumors in rats. On 23 October 2010, the FDA decided not to approve the drug based on the available data. This was not only because cancer promoting properties could not be ruled out, but also because the weight loss efficacy was considered "marginal."
On 10 May 2012, after a new round of studies submitted by Arena, an FDA panel voted to recommend lorcaserin with certain restrictions and patient monitoring. The restrictions include patients with a BMI of over 30, or with a BMI over 27 and a comorbidity such as high blood pressure or type 2 diabetes. On 27 June 2012, the FDA approved lorcaserin for use in adults with a body mass index (BMI) of 30 or greater (obese), or adults with a BMI of 27 or greater (overweight) and who have at least one weight-related condition such as high blood pressure (hypertension), type 2 diabetes, or high cholesterol (dyslipidemia).
The safety and efficacy of Belviq were evaluated in three randomized, placebo-controlled trials that included nearly 8,000 obese and overweight patients, with and without type 2 diabetes, treated for 52 to 104 weeks. All participants received lifestyle modification that consisted of a reduced calorie diet and exercise counseling. Compared with placebo, treatment with Belviq for up to one year was associated with average weight loss ranging from 3 percent to 3.7 percent.
About 47 percent of patients without type 2 diabetes lost at least 5 percent of their body weight compared with about 23 percent of patients treated with placebo. In people with type 2 diabetes, about 38 percent of patients treated with Belviq and 16 percent treated with placebo lost at least 5 percent of their body weight. Belviq treatment was associated with favorable changes in glycemic control in those with type 2 diabetes. The approved labeling for Belviq recommends that the drug be discontinued in patients who fail to lose 5 percent of their body weight after 12 weeks of treatment, as these patients are unlikely to achieve clinically meaningful weight loss with continued treatment.
The drug's manufacturer was required to conduct six postmarketing studies, including a long-term cardiovascular outcomes trial to assess the effect of Belviq on the risk for major adverse cardiac events such as heart attack and stroke.
On July 15, 2016, the extended release version of lorcaserin was approved for use in the United States.
References
External links
5-HT2A agonists
5-HT2B agonists
5-HT2C agonists
Anorectics
Antiobesity drugs
Benzazepines
Chloroarenes
Psychedelic drugs
Xenotriccus is a genus of bird in the family Tyrannidae.
Species
It contains the following species:
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Jonathan Dwight
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Fanny Rask (born 21 May 1991) is a Swedis\ ice hockey forward, playing in the Swedish Women's Hockey League (SDHL) with Djurgårdens IF Hockey Dam. She has made over 100 appearances with the Swedish national team, competing in the 2014 and 2018 Winter Olympics as well as in three IIHF World Women's Championships.
Club career
Rask played on boy's teams in her youth, including playing on the same team as her brother Victor. The two would also play bandy with each other in their home garden. She spent a season and a half playing in Örebro when she was 14 before joining Linköping HC when Riksserien was created as the top flight of women's hockey in Sweden in 2007.
In 2011, she joined AIK IF. In 2012–13, she finished third on the team in scoring as AIK won the Riksserien championship.
In a 2014 interview, she stated that she had considered moving to North America to play college hockey, but decided against it. She also voiced her support for the introduction of checking in women's hockey.
In 2015, after four years with AIK, she signed with HV71. She scored a career-best 40 points in 36 games in her first season with the club, leading HV71 in scoring and finishing 13th in the league in scoring. Her point total barely dropped in 2016–17, down to 39, as she scored a career-best 20 goals, leading HV71 to the SDHL championship finals, where they lost to Djurgårdens IF.
On the 10th of January 2019, she was suspended for seven games by the SDHL after an open ice hit on Anna Borgqvist, the second longest suspension in SDHL history. 13 days later, after appealing to the National Sports Board, the suspension was lifted.
After four seasons at HV71, Rask returned to AIK for the 2019–20 season, despite speculation liking her to Luleå HF/MSSK. She scored 28 in 36 games that year, good for second on the team in scoring, as AIK finished in 5th. She would add another 3 points in 2 playoff games as AIK were eliminated in the quarterfinals by Djurgården.
In July 2020, amid the COVID-19 pandemic, Rask announced her retirement from hockey via an Instagram post in which she voiced her frustration with the pace of professionalization in women's hockey and her exhaustion with the financial insecurity of being an SDHL player.What I dreamed of in my youth was to become a professional [ice hockey player]. That the [women's] league would grow to such an extent that we could live on hockey. (No, not millions, everyone knows it is unreasonable still.) But I have always thought that I would be able to join-in when we become professionals. But it has not happened and I feel that we are at a standstill... And I don't see that there will be any change. Of course, I know that things are happening but for me it is going too slowly and I am incredibly uncertain that it will ever happen... So maybe I chose the wrong path, had the wrong dream and too high of demands. I hope there are some people who still have the strength to carry on and who work for a future for women's hockey. My energy has run out, I'm empty and I'm sorry.
International career
Rask was selected to the roster of the Swedish national team playing in the women's ice hockey tournament at the 2014 Winter Olympics. She played in all six games but recorded the lowest icetime of any Swedish forward. Rask was selected to play for Sweden in the women's ice hockey tournament at the 2018 Winter Olympics. She played in all six games and notched six points (2 goals + 4 assists), leading all Swedish skaters in the tournament.
She competed for Sweden at the IIHF World Women's Championship in 2016 and 2017. She scored 4 points in 5 games at the 2019 IIHF Women's World Championship, when Sweden finished in 9th and were relegated from the top IIHF division for the first time in history.
She took part in the 2019 players' strike of the national team, demanding better conditions and investment from the Swedish Ice Hockey Federation. She returned to the squad after the end of the strike, stating that "important steps have been made in the discussions."
Junior international
Rask made two appearances for the Sweden women's national under-18 ice hockey team, at the IIHF World Women's U18 Championships in 2008 and 2009, including winning a bronze medal in the 2009 event.
Personal life
Rask comes from a family of hockey players. Her uncle, Peter Emanuelsson, briefly coached in the Hockeytvåan and her cousins, Kasper and Simon Emanuelsson, played in lower-level elite leagues. Her younger brother, Victor Rask, was selected in the second round (42nd overall) of the 2011 NHL Entry Draft by the Carolina Hurricanes and currently plays with the Seattle Kraken.
In 2017, Rask was able to become a professional athlete through grants from the Swedish Olympic Committee in combination with her SDHL salary and some financial support from her brother, Victor. She wore the same number on her jersey as Victor, number 49.
Career statistics
Club statistics
Note: Riksserien changed its name to the SDHL in 2016.
International career
Through 2013–14 season
References
External links
1991 births
AIK Hockey Dam players
Olympic ice hockey players of Sweden
People from Leksand Municipality
HV71 Dam players
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Leksands IF Dam players
Linköping HC Dam players
Living people
Swedish women's ice hockey forwards
Sportspeople from Dalarna County
Edward Synge, D.D., M.A., B.A. (1659–1741) was an Anglican clergyman who served in the Church of Ireland as Chancellor of St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin (1705–1714), Bishop of Raphoe (1714–1716), and Archbishop of Tuam (1716–1741).
Part of a long line of clergy, Synge is also an ancestor of famous playwright John Millington Synge and the composer Mary Helena Synge.
Biography
Born on 6 April 1659 at Inishannon in County Cork, he was the second son of Edward Synge, Bishop of Cork, Cloyne and Ross. He was educated at Christ Church, Oxford and Trinity College, Dublin.
In the late 1600s he was made the rector of Holy Trinity Church, Rathclaren. He was nominated the bishop of Raphoe on 7 October and consecrated on 7 November 1714. He was translated to archbishopric of Tuam by letters patent on 8 June 1716. Synge built a new bishop's palace in Tuam in the late 1710s.
A renowned preacher, his works were frequently published and included an exhortation to frequent communion translated into Welsh. Amongst other achievements he established a dynasty of prominent ecclesiastics and literary figures closely integrated into the Protestant squirearchy in the west of Ireland.
He died in office on 23 July 1741, aged 82.
Family
His father, also named Edward, was the Bishop of Cork, Cloyne, and Ross. He had two sons were Edward and Nicholas, both of whom became bishops in their own right. Edward Synge is a direct ancestor of playwright John Millington Synge.
References
Bibliography
1659 births
1741 deaths
Anglican bishops of Raphoe
Anglican archbishops of Tuam
Members of the Irish House of Lords
Irish Anglican archbishops
Sharon Hall Robinson (born December 2, 1949) is an American cellist. She has had a highly successful performing career, both as a concert solo artist and as a member of the Kalichstein-Laredo-Robinson Trio, and has recorded extensively.
Early life and musical training
Robinson was born in Houston, Texas, the daughter of Keith Robinson and Dorothe Fowler. Both parents were members of the Houston Symphony Orchestra: her father was the principal bassist, and her mother was a violinist. Sharon and all four of her siblings—bassist Hal, violinists Erica and Kim, and cellist Keith, Jr.—became professional string players with notable careers.
Sharon Robinson graduated from the North Carolina School of the Arts in 1968. She attended the University of Southern California in Los Angeles and the Peabody Institute in Baltimore, Maryland, from which she graduated with a bachelor's degree in 1972.
Career
Sharon Robinson made her New York performance debut in 1974, collaborating with violinist/violist Jaime Laredo and pianist Samuel Sanders on a chamber music recital. Of her 1977 solo recital debut, which featured works of Beethoven, Britten, Crumb, and Rachmaninoff, the New York Times music critic Allen Hughes said, "she revealed an artistic personality that vitalized almost everything she played. . . . The cello tone glowed. . . the result was lovely. . . an impressive debut."
Robinson has performed as a soloist with the symphony orchestras of Baltimore, Boston, Dallas, Helsinki, Houston, London, Los Angeles, Minnesota, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, St. Louis, and San Francisco; the National Symphony in Washington, D.C., and the Tonhalle Orchestra of Zürich; and the English, Scottish, and Franz Liszt Chamber Orchestras.
In 1977, Robinson and two colleagues, violinist Jaime Laredo and pianist Joseph Kalichstein, formed the Kalichstein-Laredo-Robinson Trio, a piano trio. The group, which has performed and recorded worldwide (while maintaining its original personnel), is considered among the finest chamber ensembles in existence.
Robinson has participated in numerous music festivals, including Aspen, Autumn (in Prague), Edinburgh, Granada, Madeira, Marlboro, Mostly Mozart (New York), South Bank (in London), and Spoleto. She has appeared on television programs including Sunday Morning and The Kennedy Center Honors (CBS), The Today Show and The Tonight Show (NBC), Great Conversations in Music (PBS), and The Dick Cavett Show. She has taught privately and led master classes worldwide, and in 2005 was appointed to the faculty of the Jacobs School of Music at Indiana University.
Among the many composers who have accepted commissions to write works for Robinson are Richard Danielpour, Daron Hagen, Katherine Hoover, Leon Kirchner, David Ott, Arvo Pärt, Ned Rorem, Stanley Silverman, Andy Stein, and Ellen Taaffe Zwilich.
The Cleveland Institute of Music announced the appointment of Robinson and husband Jaime Laredo to the string faculty in 2012.
Sharon Robinson's many awards include the Avery Fisher Recital Award, the Piatigorsky Memorial Award, and a Grammy nomination.
Personal life
Sharon Robinson has been married since 1977 to her trio colleague, the eminent Bolivian-American violinist, violist, and conductor Jaime Laredo.
Recordings
Sharon Robinson's discography includes over a dozen recordings of solo and chamber music on the Arabesque, Bridge, Chandos, First Edition, Koch International, Sony Classical, and Vox labels.
References
Arts and Leisure Guide. The New York Times, 17 November 1974.
Harris Co. TX - Births, 1949
"Sharon Robinson, Cellist, Performs with Vitality" by Allen Hughes. The New York Times, 13 November 1977.
External links
Robinson's General Management Schmidt Artists International
Publicist's bio page on Robinson
American classical cellists
Musicians from Houston
1949 births
Living people
University of Southern California alumni
Cleveland Institute of Music faculty
Musicians from Shaker Heights, Ohio
American women classical cellists
Classical musicians from Texas
Classical musicians from Ohio
Women music educators
American women academics
20th-century American women musicians
21st-century American women musicians
Ypsolopha electropa is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from North America.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of North America
Navasota persectella is a species of snout moth in the genus Navasota. It was described by George Hampson in 1918 and is known from Timor (including Dili, the type location).
References
Moths described in 1918
Anerastiini
Insects of Timor
Thomas Ballantyne Martin (13 November 1901 – 28 January 1995) was a British politician, stockbroker and journalist. After an early career as a private secretary he was unexpectedly elected as a Conservative Member of Parliament in Blaydon, a traditionally extremely secure Labour constituency. After standing up in Parliament for the local mining industry he opted out of defending his seat, and could not find election elsewhere; he then became a political journalist. After wartime service in intelligence, he supported Winston Churchill's attempt to bring European unity and then became a stockbroker. A very clubbable man, he attracted interest in the 1990s as a rare survivor of the pre-Second World War Parliament.
Education
Martin was the son of Angus Martin, a surgeon from Forest Hall in Northumberland; his mother Robina was from Wooler. He grew up in the borders area but went to Giggleswick School boarding school, and later matriculated at Jesus College, Cambridge where he graduated with a Master of Arts.
Election in Blaydon
During the 1920s Martin worked as a private secretary, and was on the staff of the Turkish Embassy in London as its English Secretary in 1928 and in 1930–31. He undertook a lecture tour of Germany in 1929. In October 1931, when the general election was already underway, he was adopted as Conservative Party candidate for the constituency of Blaydon in County Durham; the seat had a Labour majority of 13,374 and was thought absolutely safe. However Martin was elected with a majority of 496 as part of the landslide election victory of the National Government; his win was the only time that the seat had been won by a Conservative.
Unparliamentary language
Martin's first recorded contribution in the chamber of the House of Commons came in December 1931 during bad tempered scenes. Angered by opposition Members jeering at Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald he was overheard by Labour MP Valentine MacEntee shouting out "Lie down, dog!"; MacEntee raised a point of order and challenged him to repeat it outside. The Deputy Speaker Robert Bourne pronounced it unparliamentary and urged Martin to restrain his exuberance.
Mining industry
In Parliament, Martin concentrated on issues which affected the working lives of his mining constituents. In May 1932 he made his maiden speech on the Coal Mines Bill, urging a system where the mine owner had a guaranteed profit, while the miner had a guaranteed minimum wage, with additions according to the business done. He also endorsed a voluntary national levy on the coal trade to help exports. He accepted that other industries should not be sacrificed to help the coal trade, but urged that operating theatres be set up near to mines to help miners who had suffered industrial accidents.
Martin moved an amendment to the 1933 Budget to limit the tax on hydrocarbon oils to no more than 10%. The Government opposed his amendment and the House of Commons rejected it by 228 to 58. He also voted against the Government and in support of an amendment to remove the profits of Co-operative Societies from tax. He initially supported the National Government's efforts to help distressed areas, urging that the grants be continued until the Unemployment Act replaced them, but by December 1934 was disappointed on behalf of himself and other younger supporters of the Government to find the latest proposals which would not help the basic industries. Martin stated that he could not go back to depressed areas in his constituency and tell them that the Government's policy was a solution to all their problems.
Germany
While a member of parliament, Martin visited Germany where he met leading Nazis Hitler, Goering and Goebbels; he was invited to a Nuremberg rally, but also visited Dachau. When he returned to Britain, Martin warned fellow members of parliament about the dangers of Nazism. He was one of 31 members of parliament to sign a letter endorsing an All-India Federation with provincial autonomy as a way forward of constitutional reform in India.
1935 election
He was also much preoccupied with pushing forward a new constitution for the University of Durham. Preparing for the next general election, Martin decided not to defend Blaydon, but was instead adopted as candidate for Camberwell North in inner south London in May 1935. The sitting MP Arthur Bateman had stepped down although at one stage considered standing for neighbouring Peckham as an Independent candidate.
At the previous election, Camberwell North had produced a Conservative majority of 765, almost as small as at Blaydon. Martin joined the other Conservative candidates for Camberwell divisions in inviting Winston Churchill to speak for them; but observers expected that the leading Labour personality Charles Ammon would succeed in regaining the seat he had lost four years previously. Martin was in the end beaten by nearly two to one, with a substantial majority of 5,777 against him.
Daily Telegraph journalist
After losing his seat, Martin returned to the Palace of Westminster the next year as a political correspondent of The Daily Telegraph, where he remained until 1940. He was also assistant editor of The Spectator, becoming a regular houseguest of Lady Londonderry and of the Astor family at Cliveden. He was a liaison officer between the Foreign Office and the BBC and then volunteered for military service during the Second World War, becoming a Squadron Leader in the Middle East Intelligence Centre (part of the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve) from 1940 to 1943, then leaving the services to become adviser on public relations to the United Kingdom High Commissioner in Australia where he remained until the end of the war.
European unity
In the 1945 general election, Martin was the Conservative Party candidate in Houghton-le-Spring where he was defeated by 21,866 votes. Martin then became secretary of the United European Movement in 1947, working closely with Winston Churchill for a year before becoming Secretary of the British all-party delegation to the Congress of Europe at The Hague in 1948. There Churchill developed his support for European unity, an attitude of which Martin approved. Martin regretted that Churchill did not maintain his enthusiasm when he returned to government in 1951.
Later life
Martin developed his career by becoming a member of the London Stock Exchange in 1949, but retained his interest in politics and contributed many letters to newspapers. In 1953 he married for the first time, Jean Bennett; they had two daughters. In 1964 Martin and Dr Charles Goodson-Wickes reformed the Kit Cat Club as an attempt to restart an 18th-century Whig dining club; it gathered a significant membership, many of whom entered public life (Dr Goodson-Wickes himself became a member of parliament). After his retirement from the Stock Exchange in 1974, Martin moved back to the borders area of Northumberland where he lived at Naworth Keep and Dacre Castle. He retained his membership of Pratt's Club where he was said to be "in his element leading the conversation at the head of the table"; so welcome was he at the club that when he resigned his membership owing to the decreasing number of visits to London, the club proprietor the Duke of Devonshire refused to accept it and waived the subscription to keep him.
In 1990 the Speaker of the House of Commons Bernard Weatherill held a dinner in honour of the 23 remaining pre-war MPs at which Martin was one of the star guests; he was interviewed by the BBC afterwards. He appeared in a 1994 documentary on "Westminster at War" which interviewed the survivors of the era about what political life was like. He remained mentally alert but in his later years became physically infirm, which he recognised as "a downward glide" to a serene death.
References
External links
1901 births
1995 deaths
Alumni of Jesus College, Cambridge
British male journalists
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
People educated at Giggleswick School
Stockbrokers
UK MPs 1931–1935
People from Blaydon-on-Tyne
Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve personnel of World War II
Royal Air Force squadron leaders
The Parker House is a historic house at 52 Salem Street in Reading, Massachusetts. It is a -story vernacular Federal-style wood-frame house, five bays wide, with a side gable roof, clapboard siding, and a granite foundation. Its center entrance is particularly fine, with tall sidelight windows flanked by pilasters, and topped by an entablature with a shallow hood. The house was built in 1792, although its center chimney may date from an older house built on the site in 1715. Jonas Parker, the builder, was active in the American Revolution. A portion of Parker's farm was dedicated as Memorial Park in 1919.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
See also
Parker House (Haven Street, Reading, Massachusetts)
National Register of Historic Places listings in Reading, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places listings in Middlesex County, Massachusetts
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Reading, Massachusetts
Federal architecture in Massachusetts
Houses completed in 1792
Houses in Reading, Massachusetts
The School of the Holy Child, Angeles, Inc.(SHCAI) also known as Holy Child, is a privately owned Catholic independent pre-elementary, elementary and high-school campus from ages 3 (Nursery) to 17 Senior Year). It was founded by Mr. and Mrs. Pablo Kabigting. It is currently located at 101 George Ave. Villa, Angelina Subd., Angeles.
Although SHCAI is a Catholic, Non-Sectarian, Independent School, it also houses members and practitioners of other religions.
The school is recognized in pre-elementary, elementary, high-school levels by the Department of Education Region III. A member of the Angeles City Association of Private Schools (ACAPS) and Association of Private Pre- elementary and Elementary Administrators of Region III. The institution is known for practicing high caliber education and promoting Christian formation.
References
Catholic elementary schools in the Philippines
Catholic secondary schools in the Philippines
Schools in Angeles City
Educational institutions established in 1985
1985 establishments in the Philippines
"Flame" is a song by Sebadoh from their 1999 album The Sebadoh. It was released as a CD single and 7" vinyl record.
The song peaked at number 30 on the UK Singles chart. It is their highest-charting single.
Track listing
UK 7" Single (RUG80)
"Flame (remix)"
"Flame (4-track)"
"Sweet Surrender" (John Denver cover)
References
Sebadoh songs
1999 singles
Warner Records singles
1999 songs
Songs written by Lou Barlow
The Hungry Tree is a tree in the grounds of the King's Inns in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. An otherwise unremarkable specimen of the London plane, it has become known for having partially consumed a nearby park bench. It has become a tourist attraction and is frequently photographed. The Hungry Tree was the subject of a campaign by Green Party politician Ciarán Cuffe to ensure its preservation.
Description
The tree lies just inside the south gate of the grounds of the King's Inns (the Irish inn of court) on Constitution Hill in Dublin. It is a London plane (Platanus × hispanica) of the type widely planted in Dublin in the 19th century. It has been estimated to be between 80 and 120 years old. The tree, described as an unremarkable specimen "mediocre in appearance", is in height and in girth.
The tree was planted adjacent to a cast iron bench dating from the early 1800s. Over decades the tree has grown to encompass the bench. The tree is said to be "eating" the bench, which is how its name originated. The grounds of King's Inns are open to the public between 7 a.m. and 7.30 p.m. every day and the tree has become something of a tourist attraction. It is much photographed and has appeared on the cover of the tourist guidebook Secret Dublin – an unusual guide and in artist Robert Ballagh's 1981 book Dublin.
Preservation campaign
The tree has been listed as one of the country's "Heritage Trees" by the Tree Council of Ireland. It has been listed largely for its value as a curiosity and tourist attraction rather than its age or rarity.
Green Party councillor Ciarán Cuffe campaigned in 2017 for the Dublin Central Area Committee to grant the tree a version of the UK tree preservation order (TPO). Cuffe stated that the Hungry Tree and neighbouring trees "are a lovely part of the history of the north inner city. A bit like the Blessington Street Basin, it is a hidden gem. I love it and I'd hate to lose it... They have witnessed history and they are all the more precious for their age." The application for the TPO was refused as it was considered that the tree lay within the curtilage of other structures and by extension benefited from the protections already granted to these buildings. Consideration was given to listing the bench as a protected structure but was decided against as there could then have been a requirement imposed on the council to destroy the tree to protect the bench.
See also
Bicycle Tree (Trossachs), a sycamore in Scotland that has encapsulated a bicycle
List of individual trees
External links
References
Individual trees in the Republic of Ireland
Tourist attractions in Dublin (city)
Individual plane trees
Maodomalick Faye (born December 13, 1987 in Kahone) is a Senegalese footballer, who is currently playing for French side CS Feytiat.
Career
Faye made his Ligue 1 debut for AS Saint-Étienne as an injury time substitute in their 2–0 away win at AS Nancy Lorraine on 25 January 2007. For the 2008–09 season Faye signed a three year professional contract and was loaned to Ligue 2 side Tours FC, where he scored his first professional goal in the 95th minute of the game against Angers SCO on 3 April 2009. During his time at Tours he also scored a hat-trick in the Coupe de France; the 7–1 round of 64 victory over SS Jeanne d'Arc, played in Réunion.
Since leaving Saint-Étienne at the end of his contract, Faye has played as an amateur at a number of clubs in the fourth and fifth level of French football, including Chambéry, AS Cannes, Aurillac Arpajon and CS Feytiat. Whilst at Chambéry, he was part of the team which reached the quarter final of the 2010–11 Coupe de France, beating Monaco, Brest and Sochaux on the way. He scored the goal in the Round of 32 match against Brest. He wasn't involved in the quarter final tie due to a seven match suspension received for fighting during a league game.
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Senegalese footballers
AS Saint-Étienne players
Tours FC players
Ligue 1 players
Association football forwards
People from Kaolack Region
Chambéry SF players
National Sleepy Head Day (; ) is a yearly celebration in Finland observed July 27. This holiday is related to the legend of the Seven Sleepers of Ephesus, but rather than a religious festival, it is more of an informal celebration. The tradition of the Sleepy Head Day traces back to the Middle Ages, when the belief was that the person in the household who slept late on this day would be lazy and non-productive for the rest of the year. In the old days, the last person sleeping in the house (also dubbed as the "laziest") could be woken up by using water, either by being thrown into a lake or the sea, or by having water thrown on them.
In the city of Naantali, a Finnish celebrity is chosen every year to be thrown in the sea from the city's port at 7 a.m. The identity of the sleeper is kept secret until the event. People who are chosen have usually done something to the benefit of the city. Every city mayor has thus far been thrown to the sea at least once, but other sleepers have included the president Tarja Halonen's husband, Dr Pentti Arajärvi, the CEO of Neste Oil Risto Rinne, along with many writers, artists and politicians. The celebrations continue into the evening in Naantali and include activities for people of every age.
See also
Seven Sleepers Day
National Accident Day (Finland)
References
External links
July observances
Annual events in Finland
Summer events in Finland
fi:Unikeonpäivä
"Inmortal" is a song recorded by Aventura released as the lead single from Romeo Santos' fourth studio album Utopía. It is the first single for the band since their split in 2011. The single debuted at number 95 on the Billboard Hot 100 and charted in numerous Latin American countries.
Background
Romeo Santos teased the song on Instagram on April 1, 2019, and promised that it would release that night. However, it turned out to be an April Fools' Day prank, and this angered many fans. Santos apologized to his fans and assured that the single would not be released; however, the following day, Santos officially announced the single and the album, Utopía. "Inmortal" eventually released on April 5, 2019.
Critical reception
Rolling Stone stated that "Inmortal" is a "love letter to longtime Aventura fans."
Music video
The music video for "Inmortal" was directed by Fernando Lugo and filmed in Miami, Florida. It stars all four members of Aventura. In the videoclip, Romeo is shown to have fallen in love with a woman, but the two are separated by a SWAT team that takes Romeo away. Romeo, nude, is held captive in a government lab. The video also shows scenes of Aventura performing in a glass menagerie while surrounded by doctors. The video has over 200 million views on YouTube as of March 2020.
Live performances
Aventura performed "Inmortal" at the 2019 Billboard Latin Music Awards on April 25, 2019.
A live version of the song was released on Aug 19, 2021. It was based on Romeo Santos's Utopía concert at Metlife Stadium. It served as the main single for Romeo's second live solo album Utopía Live from MetLife Stadium.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
See also
List of Billboard number-one Latin songs of 2019
List of Billboard Tropical Airplay number ones of 2019
References
2019 singles
2019 songs
Aventura (band) songs
Bachata songs
Romeo Santos songs
Spanish-language songs
Sony Music Latin singles
Songs written by Romeo Santos
Josiah Trowbridge (1785–1862) was mayor of Buffalo, New York, serving in 1837. He was born in Framingham, Massachusetts on September 29, 1785. In 1808 or 1809, he was licensed to practice as a physician and began work in Weathersfield, Vermont. He arrived at Buffalo in 1811. During the War of 1812, he joined the Buffalo Light Artillery Company and tended to the wounded during the first assault on Black Rock and during the burning of the village on December 31, 1813, Trowbridge was one of the last to leave, helping to secure the safety of the women and children. On September 22, 1813, he married Margaret Wintermute of Fort Erie, Ontario. He was among the many of Buffalo's early pioneers who suffered from the economic collapse of 1836—1837, and from the speculation of Benjamin Rathbun.
In 1816, he was elected as the first Treasurer of the Village of Buffalo, then elected Supervisor of Buffalo in 1823, 1825, and 1827. He was elected mayor by the Common council and accepted the office of Mayor on March 14, 1837. During his term, several new positions with the city were created, including superintendent of schools and the office of police justice. Also during his short term, the Canadian revolutionary movement, or "Patriot War" resulted in so much unrest in the city that it was becoming difficult to keep order. On June 17, 1837 he took a leave of absence and resigned as mayor on December 21, 1837. The council appointed Alderman Pierre A. Barker as mayor pro tem.
Trowbridge resumed his medical practice and was actively engaged in his profession for 50 years. In 1839 he was president, and from 1843 to 1853, librarian, of the Erie County Medical Society and, in 1845, served as the first president of the Buffalo Medical Association. In 1847, was elected the first President of the Buffalo General Hospital and was on the medical board of the Buffalo Hospital of the Sisters of Charity. He died September 13, 1862, and was buried from St. Paul's Cathedral to Forest Lawn Cemetery.
References
1785 births
1862 deaths
Mayors of Buffalo, New York
Burials at Forest Lawn Cemetery (Buffalo)
New York (state) Whigs
19th-century American politicians
Elise Wærenskjold (February 19, 1815 – January 22, 1895) was a Norwegian-American writer, temperance leader and early pioneer in Texas.
Background
Elise Amalie Tvede Wærenskjold was born in Dypvåg parish in Tvedestrand in the county of Aust-Agder, Norway. She was the daughter of Lutheran parish priest Nicolai Sejersløv Tvede (1779–1832) and Johanne Elisabeth Meldahl (1773–1839), both of whose families were Danish-born patriots of the newly formed independent country of Norway. Educated by private tutors, she became a teacher and later opening a handicraft school for girls. She became involved in the national temperance movement and became editor of a Norwegian temperance magazine.
In 1839, she married a young sea captain, Svend Foyn. The marriage, which began without the customary reading of banns, ended in an amicable separation in 1842. Svend Foyn later became the founder of Norway's modern whaling industry and became a powerful and wealthy figure in modern Norwegian history.
Immigrant pioneer
When Christian and Johan Reinert Reiersen immigrated to Texas, she assumed the editorship of their popular magazine Norge og Amerika, a position which she held from 1846 until she herself immigrated to Texas in 1847. In October 1847, she first joined a Norwegian immigrant colony in Brownsboro, Texas. On September 10, 1848, she married the leader of the immigrating party, Danish-Norwegian Wilhelm Wærenskjold. The Waerenskjold family relocated to Four Mile Prairie in Kaufman County and began raising cattle. The couple took an active part in the life of the Norwegian immigrant community, in the affairs of the local Lutheran church, and in the temperance movement. In 1866 both her husband Wilhelm and her youngest son Thorwald died.<ref>{{Cite web |url=http://www.naha.stolaf.edu/pubs/nas/volume25/vol25_5.htm |title=Soldiers in Confederate Forces (by C. A. Clausen & Derwood Johnson. Norwegian-American Historic Association, Volume 25: Page 105 Northfield, Minnesota |access-date=2009-05-29 |archive-date=2008-08-28 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20080828120129/http://www.naha.stolaf.edu/pubs/nas/volume25/vol25_5.htm |url-status=live }}</ref>
Writings
Elise Wærenskjold persevered through the hard years of drought, plagues of insects, and poverty on her farm. She taught school and she wrote for various Norwegian publications. She held to her belief in equal rights for women and her opposition to slavery and steadfastly maintained her stand on temperance. Her numerous writings including letters from the late 1840s through the mid-1890s remain an invaluable source of information on Norwegian immigrant life in Texas. In 1961, her writings were translated into the English language and published under the title Lady With the Pen: Elise Wærenskjold in Texas.References
Additional sources
Qualey, Carlton C. Norwegian Settlement in the United States (Norwegian-American Historical Association. Northfield, Minnesota. 1938)
Nelson, Estelle G. A First Lady of Texas (Our Lutheran Heritage. Minneapolis, Minnesota: 1943)
Blegen, Theodore C. Land of Their Choice: The Immigrants Write Home (Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 1955)
Crawford, Ann Fears and Crystal Sasse Ragsdale Texas Women: From Frontier to Future (State House Press. 1998)
Lovoll, Odd Sverre The Promise of America (University of Minnesota Press; Revised edition. 1999)
Further reading
Charles H. Russell, PhD, Undaunted: A Norwegian Woman in Frontier Texas (Texas A&M University Press. 2005)
Clausen C. A., ed., The Lady with the Pen: Elise Waerenskjold in Texas'' (Norwegian-American Historical Association, Northfield, Minnesota. 1961)
Charles H. Russell, PhD, "Light on the Prairie" (Shining Brightly Books. 2010)
External links
The Handbook of Texas
Great Texas Women
Daughters of Norway. Elise Wærenskjold Lodge #48
The Promise of America
Agnes Mathilde Wergeland and Elise Wærenskjold. Daughters of Norway Norwegian
Norwegian people of Danish descent
People from Kristiansand
People from Tvedestrand
People from Kaufman County, Texas
American Lutherans
Norwegian emigrants to the United States
Norwegian newspaper editors
1815 births
1895 deaths
Norwegian feminists
Women newspaper editors
19th-century journalists
19th-century Norwegian writers
Norwegian women writers
19th-century American women writers
19th-century Norwegian women writers
19th-century Lutherans
Kalaallitkigun is an extinct genus of haramiyidan mammaliaforms from the Late Triassic of Greenland. It contains a single species, Kalaallitkigun jenkinsi, which was described in 2020 from remains found in the Fleming Fjord Formation.
Description
The holotype and only known specimen consists of a partial dentary preserving a premolar and a molar. The molar is intermediate in shape between the triconodont pattern seen in taxa such as Morganucodon and the two-rowed pattern found in the more derived euharamiyidans.
References
Haramiyida
Prehistoric cynodont genera
Norian life
Late Triassic synapsids
Triassic synapsids of North America
Triassic Greenland
Fossils of Greenland
Fossil taxa described in 2020
Association de Soccer de Pierrefonds is a Canadian women's semi-professional soccer club based in Pierrefonds, Quebec that plays in the Première Ligue de soccer du Québec. Their PLSQ team operates under the name Pierrefonds FC.
History
Established as a youth soccer club, the club had an established program for many years, including a senior team in the Ligue de Soccer Elite Quebec, Quebec's top amateur division.
The club announced that they would enter a team in the women's division of the semi-professional Première Ligue de soccer du Québec. They had originally planned to enter the team into the league a couple of years earlier, however, floods had damaged their fields, requiring them to delay their entry. However, the COVID-19 pandemic interrupted the 2020 season and upon the league's re-start, the club decided to not participate in 2020.
The club has a working arrangement with top-tier Spanish club Valencia CF. In 2020, Pierrefonds received their national license recognition from the Canadian Soccer Association. In 2020, the club decided to merge with Club de Soccer Dollard to form Force FC, although the PLSQ club is still expected to be under the name Pierrefonds.
In their first season in 2021, they began the year winning their first five games, ultimately finishing fourth in the division.
Seasons
Women
References
Soccer clubs in Quebec
Pierrefonds
Women's soccer clubs in Canada
The Gazeta Médica da Bahia (in English: Medical Gazette of Bahia), also known as GMBahia, is a medical scientific journal published by the Faculty of Medicine of Bahia, the oldest medical school in Brazil, currently a part of the Federal University of Bahia.
History
It was created in 1866 and published regularly until 1934, when its publication was suspended. It was then resumed during the years of 1966–1972, and a single issue was published in 1976. In 1984, the journal's cumulative index was organized, and it was found that 3870 works had been published in it until then. Publication was resumed in 2004. In 2008, during the medical faculty's bicentenary, all previously published editions of the journal were made freely available on the internet.
The scientists publishing articles in the magazine around the turn of the 19th century became known in contemporary historiography as the Bahian Tropicalist School, which pioneered, together with other physicians of the time, a wave of experimental etiological studies focused on understanding tropical diseases common among the population of Brazil, rejecting the view common among proponents of Degeneration theory that such diseases would be caused by the local climate or by race mixing, as was proposed by some academics at the time.
Though this group played a key role in dismantling such beliefs, Flavio Coelho Edler points out in Escola Tropicalista Baiana (Bahia Tropical School): the mystical origin of tropical medicine in Brazil that, unlike many historical studies claim, the school was not isolated from other medical groups at the time, nor did it perform an abrupt, radical rupture from previous academic beliefs; rather it was part of a general wave of scientific and medical practices aimed at distancing national practices away from blind reproduction of European medical knowledge in favour of local experimentation.
Contributors
Notable contributors include Wucherer, who published in it the first description of Hookworm infection and Filariasis, as well as classifying most local venomous snakes; Silva Lima's early studies on Beriberi and the early works on public health and legal medicine by Raimundo Nina Rodrigues.
References
Academic journals published by universities of Brazil
General medical journals
Publications established in 1866
1866 establishments in Brazil
New Mountain is a mountain in Antarctica. It is high, standing between Arena Valley and Windy Gully, on the south side of Taylor Glacier in Victoria Land. It was charted and named by the British National Antarctic Expedition, 1901–04.
References
Mountains of Victoria Land
McMurdo Dry Valleys
Live in America may refer to:
Live in America (Little River Band album), 1980
Live in America (Kitarō album), 1991
Live in América, a 1993 album by Paco de Lucía
Live in America (Neil Diamond album), 1995
Live in America (Transatlantic album), 2001
Live in America (Victor Wooten album), 2001
Live in America (The Babys album), a 2007 album
Live in America (Jorn album), 2007
Live in America (Split Enz album), 2007
Rebecca Hasson is an Associate Professor of Kinesiology at the University of Michigan. She researches the causes and consequences of pediatric obesity, how the environment impacts obesity related metabolic risk factors to inform health policies.
Early life and education
Hasson studied exercise science at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, earning a BS in 2001 and a Master's in 2005. She completed her PhD at the University of Massachusetts Amherst in 2009, with her thesis titled "Do metabolic and psychosocial responses to exercise explain ethnic/racial disparities in insulin resistance?". Which considered how non-Hispanic blacks are more insulin-resistant compared to non-Hispanic whites, which increases their risk for Diabetes mellitus type 2. Whilst at University of Massachusetts Amherst she was selected for the Atlantic 10 Conference Volleyball team.
Research and career
Hasson was a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Southern California, identifying the mechanisms that contribute to health inequalities at the Childhood Obesity Research Center. In 2010 she started her second postdoctoral fellowship as a W. K. Kellogg Scholar at the University of California, San Francisco's Center on Social Disparities in Health.
She is an Assistant Professor of Kinesiology at the University of Michigan, where she looks at the causes and consequences of pediatric obesity. She combines her background in social epidemiology, pediatric endocrinology and exercise physiology in her current work. Hasson is concerned that a sedentary lifestyle can increase the risk of type 2 Diabetes and cancer. In 2017 she worked with the American College of Sports Medicine (ACSM) to increase the physical activity of American people. Together, Hasson and ACSM identified four goals:
Spread awareness of health inequities
Educate providers of cultural competencies
Collaborate between healthcare, education and sports communities
Evaluate progress
In 2018 she demonstrated that women stress less as they age.
Hasson is a mentor with the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology. She has served as President of the Society for the Analysis of African-American Public Health Issues.
Selected publications
K.A. Lê, S. Mahurkar, T. Alderete, R.E. Hasson, T.A. Adam, J.S. Kim, E. Beale, A. Greenberg, H. Allayee, M.I. Goran (2011). Subcutaneous adipose tissue macrophage infiltration is associated with hepatic and visceral fat deposition, hyperinsulinemia and stimulation of NF-{kappa}-B stress pathway. Diabetes 2801-9.
M.C. Whitt-Glover, N.R. Keith, T.G. Ceaser, K. Virgil, L. Ledford, R.E. Hasson (2014). A systematic review of adult physical activity interventions outside the context of weight loss. Obesity Reviews 125-45.
T.C. Adam, S. Tsao, K.A. Page, H. Hu, R.E. Hasson, M.I. Goran, M. Singh. (). Insulin sensitivity plays a role for activation of brain reward circuits in overweight Hispanic girls: a pilot study. Pediatric Obesity.
R.E. Hasson, T.A. Adam, J.N. Davis, R.M. Watanabe, M.I. Goran (2013). Compensatory responses to insulin resistance in obese African-American and Latina girls. Pediatric Obesity e68-73.
R.E. Hasson, T.A. Adam, J.A. Pearson, J.N. Davis, D. Spruijt-Metz, M.I. Goran (2013). Sociocultural and socioeconomic influences on type 2 diabetes risk in African-American and Latino youth. Journal of Obesity.
R.E. Hasson, T.A. Adams, J.N. Davis, L.A. Kelly, E.E. Ventura, C.E. Byrd-Williams, C.M. Toledo-Corral, C.K. Roberts, C.J. Lane, S.P. Azen, C. Chou, D. Spruijt-Metz, M.J. Weigensberg, K. Berhane, M.I. Goran (2012). Randomized control trial to improve adiposity, inflammation and insulin resistance in obese African American and Latino youth. Obesity (Silver Spring) 811-818.
T.A. Adam, R.E. Hasson, D. Spruijt-Metz, M.J. Weigensberg, J.N. Davis, M.I. Goran (). Fasting indicators of insulin sensitivity: effects of ethnicity and Tanner stage. Diabetes Care 994-9.
T.C. Adam, R.E. Hasson, E.E. Ventura, C. Toledo-Corral, C.J. Lane, M.J. Weigensberg, M.I. Goran (2010). Cortisol is negatively associated with beta-cell capacity and acute insulin response to glucose in Latino youth. Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & Metabolism 4729-35.
R.E. Hasson, T. Adam, J.N. Davis, M.J. Weigensberg, E.E. Ventura, C.J. Lane, C.K. Roberts, M.I. Goran (2010). Ethnic differences in insulin action in African American and Latino adolescents. Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & Metabolism 4048-51.
References
University of Massachusetts Amherst alumni
University of Michigan faculty
African-American physicians
African-American scientists
University of Southern California fellows
University of California, San Francisco faculty
African-American women physicians
American women academics
Birač () is a region of eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina comprising the municipalities of Milići, Vlasenica, Srebrenica, Bratunac, Zvornik and Šekovići.
History
Yugoslavia
In November 1990 multi-party elections were held in Bosnia and Herzegovina for the first time since the Second World War. The principal element of the political platform of the SDS was the goal of unifying ethnic Serbs in a common state. The outcome of the election meant that the SDS would not be able to ensure that Bosnia and Herzegovina continue to be part of a Serb-dominated Yugoslavia through democratic and peaceful means alone. The Bosnian Serbs began to organise certain areas of BiH into formal regional structures as "Associations of Municipalities", a form of structure that was already provided for under the 1974 Yugoslav constitutional regime. These Associations were nominally non-ethnic but were the first step toward establishing separate Bosnian Serb governmental bodies in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
In September 1991, the various Associations of Municipalities were transformed into Serbian Autonomous Oblasts (SAOs). On 9 November 1991 Birac was designated an SAO and on 21 November 1991 the Bosnian Serb Assembly established Birač as a Serbian Autonomous Oblast and merged it with the Oblast of Romanija to form the Serb Autonomous Region of Romanija-Birac.
On 9 January 1992, the Bosnian Serb Assembly adopted a declaration proclaiming the Serbian Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina (SRBiH). On 28 February 1992 the Constitution of the Serbian Republic of BiH declared that the territory of the SRBiH included "the territories of the Serbian Autonomous Regions and Districts and of other Serbian ethnic entities in Bosnia and Herzegovina" and that it was part of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. On 12 August 1992 the SRBiH's name was changed to Republika Srpska. The Serb Autonomous Region of Romanija-Birač became part of Republika Srpska.
References
Sources
М. Филиповић, Град и предео Бирач, Југословенски историјски часопис 1939
Historical regions of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Župas of the medieval Bosnian state
Historical župas of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Brian Francis (born 1971) is a Canadian writer. His 2004 novel Fruit was selected for inclusion in the 2009 edition of Canada Reads, where it was championed by novelist and CBC Radio One personality Jen Sookfong Lee. It finished the competition as the runner-up, making the last vote against the eventual winner, Lawrence Hill's The Book of Negroes.
Published in Canada by ECW Press and released on May 4, 2004, Fruit is the story of Peter Paddington, a teenager living in Sarnia. Overweight, gay and a social outsider, Paddington regularly retreats into an active fantasy life which includes his own nipples talking to him, and the novel traces his journey toward self-acceptance.
The novel was published in paperback format in the United States by Harper Perennial on August 2, 2005 under the title The Secret Fruit of Peter Paddington. In 2014, Amazon included the novel on its list of "100 Canadian Books to Read in a Lifetime."
Fruit was well received by critics, with Entertainment Weekly referring to it as "sweet, tart, and forbidden in all the right places."
In January 2022, Toronto production company Hawkeye Pictures and Ottawa's Big Jump Entertainment announced they were developing Fruit as an animated series.
Francis' second novel, Natural Order, published by Doubleday Canada, was released on August 23, 2011. The novel tells the story of a mother coming to terms with the death of her adult son.
Natural Order was positively reviewed by critics and made Best Books of 2011 lists for the Toronto Star and The Georgia Straight. The novel was short-listed for the Ontario Library Association's 2012 Evergreen Award and 2012 CBC Bookie Awards. Natural Order was designated a Top 40 selection for Canada Reads 2014.
He was awarded an Honour of Distinction citation by the Writers' Trust of Canada's Dayne Ogilvie Prize, a literary award for emerging LGBT writers in Canada, in 2008. In 2010, he served on the Dayne Ogilvie Prize jury, selecting Nancy Jo Cullen as that year's prize winner.
In 2011, Francis created Caker Cooking, a weekly humour blog featuring "the best of the worst of mangiacake cuisine."
In March 2015, Quill & Quire magazine debuted Francis' advice column, "Ask the Agony Editor." The monthly humour column fields questions from readers about publishing and writing.
In its Summer 2018 issue, Taddle Creek magazine debuted a new humour food column by Francis that features retro and vintage recipes from Francis's collection of community cookbooks.
In August 2018, Francis debuted a new performance piece, Box 4901, as part of the Summerworks Lab Series. Directed and co-created by Rob Kempson, featuring a cast of 13 actors and performed in part by Francis himself, Box 4901 recounts Francis's attempt at finding love via a personals ad he placed in 1992. NOW magazine gave the piece 5 Ns and said it was full of "wisdom, humour and heartbreaking honesty". The Globe and Mail called the piece a "knockout," "fascinating," and "haunting."
In May 2019, Timeshare Performance announced Box 4901 would be part of the Buddies in Bad Times Theatre 2019/2020 season, running from February 27 to March 8, 2020. Box 4901 performed to sold-out audiences. CBC.ca called it a “profound must-see,” Mooney on Theatre called it “a lovely memoir that is absolutely worth seeing,” and NOW magazine said, “Francis's writing has the sparkle of the best of David Sedaris, and his insights into his life are heartbreaking in their honesty.” Box 4901 was nominated for three 2020 Dora Mavor Moore Awards, including Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble (Independent Theatre Division), Outstanding Lighting Design (Independent Theatre Division) and Outstanding Sound Design/Composition (Independent Theatre Division).
Francis' third novel, Break in Case of Emergency, was published September 10, 2019 by HarperCollins Canada and marked his YA debut. The novel, about a 15-year-old girl and her estranged female impersonator father, deals with issues about teen mental health, suicide and sexual orientation. The novel was well received by critics with Apple Books calling it a "knockout," and The Globe and Mail saying it "packs a powerful punch." The novel was also chosen as a Best Book of 2019 by The Globe and Mail, Quill and Quire, Apple Books and CBC Books. The novel was published in the United States in February 2020 with Inkyard Press.
Break in Case of Emergency was selected as a finalist for the 2019 Governor General's Literary Awards in the category of Young People's Literature - Text. The novel was also nominated for a 2021 Forest of Reading White Pine Award for fiction.
On August 17, 2021, Francis published the book version of Box 4901, retitled Missed Connections: A Memoir in Letters Never Sent. It was selected as a Loan Stars August 2021 Adult Top 10 Pick, and the Toronto Star called it “thoughtful, funny, poignant, insightful and honest.” The book was selected as one of five finalists for the 2022 Trillium Book Awards.
Francis, who is gay, has also worked for the Toronto publications Xtra! and NOW.
See also
List of Canadian writers
List of people from Sarnia
Canadian literature
References
External links
Brian Francis Official website
Caker Cooking Humour blog
1971 births
Living people
Canadian gay writers
Canadian LGBT novelists
Canadian male novelists
Canadian writers of young adult literature
People from Sarnia
Writers from Ontario
21st-century Canadian male writers
21st-century Canadian novelists
21st-century LGBT people
Pappy Van Winkle's Family Reserve is the flagship brand of bourbon whiskey owned by the "Old Rip Van Winkle Distillery" company. It is distilled and bottled by the Sazerac Company at its Buffalo Trace Distillery in Frankfort, Kentucky. Pappy Van Winkle's Family Reserve is often regarded as one of the finest bourbons in the world, and can be extremely difficult to find due to its very low production and high demand.
History
In 1893, when he was 18 years old, Julian "Pappy" Van Winkle Sr. began working as a salesman for the liquor wholesaler, W.L. Weller & Sons. Fifteen years later, he and another Weller salesman bought the firm. In 1910 they acquired the A. Ph. Stitzel Distillery in Louisville, Kentucky, which had started as a sour mash whiskey distillery in 1872.
The Stitzel Distillery supplied much of the whiskey sold by the Weller wholesale firm. The consolidation coincided with prohibition, during which time the Stitzel-Weller firm was licensed by the government to produce whiskey for medicinal purposes. One of their labels that was introduced on the market just before prohibition was Old Rip Van Winkle. After prohibition, the brand was not reintroduced until after 1972 when the Stitzel-Weller distillery and its current brand names (including W. L. Weller, Old Fitzgerald, Rebel Yell, and Cabin Still) were sold to other companies. The only brand name the Van Winkle family had kept the rights to be the pre-prohibition brand Old Rip Van Winkle.
The Stitzel-Weller Distillery was opened on the day of the Kentucky Derby in 1935, just outside Louisville in Shively, Kentucky. At the time of his death in 1965 at the age of 89, Pappy Van Winkle was the oldest active distiller in the nation. A photo of him lighting a cigar graces the bottle's label.
Sometime after the Stitzel-Weller distillery was sold in 1972, Julian Van Winkle, Jr. resurrected the pre-prohibition Old Rip Van Winkle brand and initially used old whiskey stocks from the distillery for its bottlings. Julian Jr. died in 1981 and Julian Van Winkle, III (Pappy's grandson) took over the Old Rip Van Winkle Distillery company.
After the initial sale in 1972, the Stitzel-Weller distillery was eventually closed completely in 1991.
Since 2002, the Van Winkle brands have been distilled and bottled by the Sazerac Company at the Buffalo Trace Distillery as a joint venture with the Old Rip Van Winkle Distillery company.
In 2013, Julian Preston Van Winkle III, said the 2013 bottlings of the 23-year brand expression "may be the last of its kind", since at that point there was very little left of the aging stock from the Stitzel-Weller distillery (although he said the brand would not be discontinued). The makers say that they do not want to boost production, as there is considerable long-term risk, and they do not want to be left holding copious quantities of unsaleable bourbon should taste, fashions or circumstances change.
Production is being increased somewhat, with a projected increase of the annual production from 6–8 thousand bottles in 2015 to 15 thousand by 2025, but the production will remain well below mass-market levels.
Popularity
The product has a cult-like following. Famous chefs such as Anthony Bourdain and David Chang have favored the product. Food Republic reported that Chef John Currence said: "There's Pappy Van Winkle, then there's everything else." Bourbon aficionados have shown up in droves to get a small chance in a lottery to purchase some (at the full list price of more than $100 per bottle). It has been called "the bourbon everyone wants but no one can get". A writer for The Wall Street Journal said "you could call it bourbon, or you could call it a $5,000 bottle of liquified, barrel-aged unobtanium." Jen Doll wrote in The Wire, "it's an age-old dilemma (supply and demand) leading to an age-old marketing dream (a product that can't be kept on the shelves ... money in the pockets ... bourbon in the bourbon snifters)."
According to an article published by Fox News and Maxim, 23-year-old Pappy Van Winkle's Family Reserve is said to be one of the five most expensive bourbons.
On April 10, 2018, Kentucky priest Father Jim Sichko personally delivered a bottle of 23 year old Pappy Van Winkle to Pope Francis. Sichko, who lives in Madison County, tweeted about the event, posting a photo of him handing over the pricey bourbon on April 10 with the caption, “Pope Francis receiving his 23 year old Pappy Van Winkle Bourbon as we shared our love of My Ole Kentucky Home!” He also posted a selfie taken with the Pope outside after mass on Sunday. The pope said "very good bourbon".
Style
Like all modern bourbons, Van Winkle bourbons are made primarily from corn and aged in charred new American oak barrels. A distinguishing feature of Van Winkle bourbons is their use of wheat as the secondary ingredient instead of the usual rye, and their additional inclusion of barley malt.
Pappy Van Winkle is aged for 15, 20 or 23 years, all of which are considerably longer than the aging period for most bourbons. The 20 year is bottled at 90.4 U.S. proof (45.2% alcohol by volume) and has been described as "intensely fruity". The 15 year is bottled at 107 proof. The 23 year is bottled at 95.6 proof.
Related products
Pappy Van Winkle's Family Reserve is not to be confused with its similarly named sister brands, which are substantially less expensive and less sought after. The related brands include:
Old Rip Van Winkle straight bourbon, aged 10 years, produced with a similar mash bill but much lower priced and aged for a shorter period
Van Winkle Special Reserve "Lot B" straight bourbon, aged 12 years
Van Winkle Family Reserve straight rye whiskey, aged 13 years
Some restaurant and bar menus fail to clearly distinguish the brand names, and may even list these other brands as "Pappy". Three telltale signs are that the other affiliated brands are aged less, so any product that is not aged at least 15 years is not true Pappy, only the true Pappy brands have the photo on the label showing Julian "Pappy" Van Winkle Sr., and only the true Pappy bourbons say "Pappy Van Winkle's Family Reserve" on the label.
The rye label includes a small subtext saying "From Pappy Van Winkle's Private Stock", but its main title does not use "Pappy", and the "Old Rip" and "Special Reserve" labels do not say "Pappy" at all.
Another product produced at the same distillery, with the same or almost the same mash bill, is Sazerac's W. L. Weller brand.
Awards
Pappy Van Winkle's Family Reserve has won various awards.
The 20-year-old expression won a Double Gold Medal at the 2014 San Francisco World Spirits Competition.
The 23-year-old expression was named "Spirit of the Year" for 2010 by Wine & Spirits magazine in its annual buying guide issue.
The 20-year-old expression was recognized with the "Trophy for Worldwide Whisky" and a Best-In-Class Gold Medallion in the 2008 International Wine and Spirit Competition. It received a score of 99 ("superlative") from the Beverage Testing Institute in the same year.
A 99 rating from the Beverage Testing Institute for the 20-year-old Pappy Van Winkle in 1996 was the highest rating it had ever given, and was instrumental in making the whiskey especially coveted.
2013 theft
In mid-October 2013 the company reported the theft of 65 three-bottle cases of Pappy Van Winkle 20 Year and nine three-bottle cases of 13-year-old Van Winkle Family Reserve rye. Police theorized that it took the thief about two months to complete the heist, and noted that whoever did it avoided being recorded by security cameras.
On Monday December 2, Pat Melton, the sheriff of Franklin County, Kentucky, announced a $10,000 reward to anyone who could give information that leads to a conviction in the case. $1,000 of this reward money was offered by Bluegrass Crimestoppers and the other $9,000 by an anonymous donor.
A break in the case came in March 2014 when a Buffalo Trace employee was arrested by Franklin County deputies when five barrels of stolen Wild Turkey bourbon were found on his property. On April 21, 2015 nine Kentucky residents, three of whom were employees at both Wild Turkey and Buffalo Trace, were indicted for thefts at the Buffalo Trace and Wild Turkey distilleries dating back to 2008. Over $100,000 worth of the stolen whiskey was recovered, including more than two dozen bottles of Pappy Van Winkle and 15 barrels of Wild Turkey. The Van Winkle family has stated that the stolen whiskey should be destroyed as a precaution against tampering or contamination, pending the approval of the judge.
The heists included Pappy Van Winkle (more than 20 cases), 50 to 70 cases of Eagle Rare bourbon, and stolen barrels of other whiskey that are still missing. The warrants recovered one barrel of 17-year-old Eagle Rare worth more than $11,000. All nine defendants are charged with being members of a criminal syndicate, engaging in organized crime.
In 2021, Netflix released a docuseries called Heist which featured dramatization and real life interviews with many involved in the case including lead thief Toby Curtsinger, former Sheriff Pat Melton, and Bourbon expert Tom Fischer.
Forgeries and counterfeits
Counterfeiters have used empty bottles of Pappy Van Winkle's Family Reserve to refill with other bourbon and sell as authentic. Counterfeiters will generally purchase empty Van Winkle bottles online on sites such as eBay and refill with similar tasting bourbon.
As the Van Winkle line has grown in popularity and the values have risen, many recipes have been published online to try and mimic the taste of Van Winkle bourbon by blending other less valuable bourbons together. These bourbon mixes are commonly referred to as “Poor Man's Pappy”.
See also
Old Fitzgerald
Old Rip Van Winkle
References
Further reading
External links
Bourbon whiskey
Sazerac Company brands
History of Louisville, Kentucky
American brands
Sarkand District or Sarkant District (, ) is a district of Almaty Region in Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Sarkand. Population:
History
It was formed on September 3, 1928 with the center of the village of Sarkand in the Alma-Ata district on the territory of the Lepsinsky district and the Cherkasy volost. On December 17, 1930, the district was disbanded and transferred to the Aksu and Lepsinsky districts. On January 9, 1935, the Sarkand region was restored with the center in the village. Sarkand is part of the Alma-Ata region.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Almaty Region
Allocasuarina striata, commonly known as the small bull oak, stalked oak-bush or the tall oak-bush, is a shrub of the genus Allocasuarina native to South Australia.
Description
The shrub or small tree typically grows to a height of but can reach as high as and a width of . It has a dense, erect and rounded habit, with smooth bark that becomes fissured on older trees. The dioecious or monoecious has terete, smooth, striated stem segments to long with seven reduced leaves around the end. The male flower spikes grow to in length with a slender form and having with 5-7 whorls per centimetre. The female flower is yellow-brown in colour and long.
Fruits that form later are small and woody cylindrical cones containing numerous valves with smooth semi-flat black seeds that have a papery wing.
Distribution
Endemic to South Australia the species is confined to an area in the south east of the state on the southern Mount Lofty Ranges, the Fleurieu Peninsula and on Kangaroo Island. It grows in heath and sandy lateritic soils. When cultivated it grows best in full sun or part shade and is found on hills, footslopes and plains. It will tolerate drought, moderate frost and soil salinity.
Uses
A hardy foliage plant it is often grown as a low informal hedge in roadside verges and raised beds. Used in reserves and parks as a soil binding plant for reserves which also provides bird habitat and refuge for small animals and acts as a windbreak. Aboriginal peoples used the plant for food, medicine, to make implements like boomerangs and shields, and to make adhesives for canoe sealant.
Classification
The species was first formally described as Casuarina striata by the botanist Ellen D. Macklin in 1927. It was later reclassified by Lawrence Alexander Sidney Johnson into the Allocasuarina genera in 1982 in the article Notes on Casuarinaceae II in the Journal of the Adelaide Botanic Gardens.
References
External links
Occurrence data for Allocasuarina striata from The Australasian Virtual Herbarium
striata
Flora of South Australia
Fagales of Australia
The Apostolic Nunciature to Eswatini (formerly Swaziland) is an ecclesiastical office of the Catholic Church in Eswatini. It is a diplomatic post of the Holy See, whose representative is called the Apostolic Nuncio with the rank of an ambassador. The nuncio resides in South Africa.
Pope John Paul II established the Nunciature to Eswatini on 10 March 1992.
List of papal representatives to Eswatini
Apostolic Delegates
Ambrose Battista De Paoli (17 April 1993 – 11 November 1997)
Apostolic Nuncios
Manuel Monteiro de Castro (2 February 1998 – 1 March 2000)
Blasco Francisco Collaço (24 June 2000 – August 2006)
James Patrick Green (23 September 2006 – 15 October 2011)
Mario Roberto Cassari (10 March 2012 – 22 May 2015)
Peter Bryan Wells (13 June 2016 – present)
References
Swaziland
Eswatini–Holy See relations
The 2013 Martyr's Memorial B-Division League was the 2013 season of the Martyr's Memorial B-Division League. A total of 13 teams competed in the league. The season started on 28 January 2013 and concluded on 5 March 2013. Boys Union Club won the league on the final matchday and were promoted to 2013–14 Martyr's Memorial A-Division League.
Teams
Star Club, who participated in the 2011 Martyr's Memorial B-Division League did not participate in the league.
Venues
The league was played centrally in one venue in Kathmandu.
League table
Awards
References
Martyr's Memorial B-Division League seasons
2
Nepal
Davy Crockett was a celebrated 19th-century American folk hero, frontiersman, soldier and politician.
David, Davy or Davey Crockett may also refer to:
People
Davy Crockett (outlaw) (c. 1853–1876), descendant of the frontiersman Davy Crockett
Davey Crockett (baseball) (1875–1961), American baseball player and manager
Davey Crockett, nickname of Davey MacManus of the Welsh band The Crocketts
David Crockett (wrestling) (born 1946), pro wrestling announcer
Arts and entertainment
Davy Crockett (play), a popular 1872 play
Davy Crockett (1910 film), a 1910 American silent film
Davy Crockett (1916 film), a 1916 American silent film
Davy Crockett (miniseries), a 1954 five-part TV serial on Disneyland
Davy Crockett, King of the Wild Frontier, a 1955 film using footage from the Disneyland serial
Davy Crockett and the River Pirates, a 1956 theatrical film made from the two final episodes of the Disneyland serial
"Davey Crockett", a track from the 2010 album Fang Island by indie rock band Fang Island
"Davey Crockett (Gabba Hey!)", a song by Thee Headcoatees (see Gabba Gabba Hey), later covered by the Spanish girl band Hinds
Other uses
Davy Crockett (nuclear device), a tactical nuclear recoilless gun
Davy Crockett (book), a 1934 biography of the American folk hero written for children by Constance Rourke
See also
"The Ballad of Davy Crockett", a 1955 song with music by George Bruns and lyrics by Thomas W. Blackburn
Crockett (disambiguation)
Crockett, Davy
The Venerable Ambrose Power (1801–1869) was an Irish Anglican priest.
He was the son of Sir John Power, 1st Baronet (1771–1855) & his wife Harriet née Bushe.
Power was educated at Trinity College, Dublin. He was appointed Archdeacon of Lismore in 1828 and died in post on 8 November 1869.
Family
He married firstly Susan Thacker in 1837, Susan died on the 7th August 1854 at Boulogne-sur-Mer, Pas-de-Calais, France.
They had at least eight children; including:
Mary (1844-1907) who married Henry Windsor Villiers-Stuart in 1863 Lismore Cathedral
Rebecca Zena who married Richard John Marshall 23 Sep 1858 Lismore Cathedral
Susan Caroline who married Reverend William Claypon Bellingham 22 Aug 1878 Lismore Cathedral
He married secondly Catherine Margaret Forde on the 29th Sep 1857 in St. George's Church, Dublin.
They had at least two sons
Ambrose William Bushe Power (23 Nov 1844-10 Mar 1907).
Robert Henry Power (1851-30 Aug 1894).
Notes
1801 births
1869 deaths
Church of Ireland priests
Archdeacons of Lismore
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
19th-century Irish Anglican priests
Carmen de Areco is a town in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. It is the administrative centre for Carmen de Areco Partido.
History
In 1779, Viceroy Vértiz ordered Lieutenant Colonel Francisco Bergezé de Ducás to reinforce the line of defence against the native Argentine aborigines. On January 1, 1780, Juan José Sardén officially established the fort and village of "San Claudio de Areco". On September 26, 1812, Carmen de Areco Partido was officially founded. 1857, the name of the town officially changed to "Carmen de Areco". On 24 October 1864, the settlement was declared a town (municipalidad) by provincial law Ley No. 422.
Carmen de Areco was since the colonial period, residence of a large number of Irish immigrants, including the prisoners of the English Invasions. The first families of Irish immigrants, mostly Catholics, were arrived in the town of Areco, around 1840.
These Irish people were engaged in rural tasks, raising livestock and agriculture, including their participation in politics as Miguel Duffy, belonging to a family of Leinster, who served as mayor of Carmen de Areco for several periods.
The Parish of Nuestra Señora del Carmen was established in 1815, and the St. Patrick Parish of Areco, towards the end of the 19th century.
In 1907, the train station was built in the English Colonial style, and on January 22, 1908, the first passenger service arrived in the town.
References
External links
Populated places in Buenos Aires Province
Populated places established in 1780
Tonghe Xincun () is a station on Shanghai Metro Line 1. This station is part of the northern extension of that line from to that opened on 28 December 2004.
References
Shanghai Metro stations in Baoshan District
Railway stations in China opened in 2004
Line 1, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in Shanghai
Cassida denticollis is a species of leaf beetle, situated in the subfamily Cassidinae (tortoise beetles) and the genus Cassida, found in Mongolia, West China (Xinjiang province), and the Western Palaearctic region.
Description
Cassida denticollis, like all species of Cassisa has its head covered by the pronotum and wide elytral margins. It measures 5.1–7.0 mm in length, is green in colour with brownish-red areas around the scutellum. It has a distinct tooth at the rear edge of the pronotum, and a series of small, strong, blunt teeth on the front edges of the elytra from which this species derives its name.
Habitat and lifecycle
The species feeds on plants from the family Asteraceae, including Achillea millefolium, Artemisia absinthium, Artemisia campestris and various plants Tanacetum species, including Tanacetum corymbosum and Tansy.
References
Cassidinae
Beetles described in 1844
Beetles of Asia
Taxa named by Christian Wilhelm Ludwig Eduard Suffrian
Hall County is a county located in the north central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 203,136, up from 179,684 at the 2010 census. The county seat is Gainesville. The entirety of Hall County comprises the Gainesville, Georgia, Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is also part of the Atlanta-Athens-Clarke County-Sandy Springs, Combined Statistical Area.
History
Hall County was created on December 15, 1818, from Cherokee lands ceded by the Treaty of Cherokee Agency (1817) and Treaty of Washington (1819).
The county is named for Lyman Hall, a signer of the Declaration of Independence and governor of Georgia as both colony and state.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (8.5%) is water. The county is located in the upper Piedmont region of the state in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains to the north.
Slightly more than half of Hall County, the eastern portion of the county, is located in the Upper Oconee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin, while the western half of the county is located in the Upper Chattahoochee River sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin).
The Chattahoochee River gathers strength in Hall County, as immortalized in Sidney Lanier's poem, "Song of the Chattahoochee":
OUT of the hills of Habersham,
Down the valleys of Hall,
I hurry amain to reach the plain,
Run the rapid and leap the fall,
Split at the rock and together again,
Adjacent counties
White County – north
Habersham County – northeast
Banks County – east
Jackson County – southeast
Barrow County – south
Gwinnett County – southwest
Forsyth County – west
Dawson County – northwest
Lumpkin County – northwest
Attractions
Atlanta Botanical Garden (Gainesville)
Brenau Downtown Center (Gainesville)
Elachee Nature Science Center (Gainesville)
Falcons Complex (Flowery Branch)
Gainesville Theatre Alliance (Gainesville)
Interactive Neighborhood for Kids (Gainesville)
Lake Lanier Islands (Buford)
Lake Sidney Lanier
Quinlan Visual Arts Center
Road Atlanta (Braselton)
Transportation
Major highways
Interstate 985
U.S. Route 23
U.S. Route 129
State Route 11
State Route 11 Business
State Route 13
State Route 51
State Route 52
State Route 53
State Route 53 Connector
State Route 60
State Route 82
State Route 115
State Route 136
State Route 211
State Route 254
State Route 283
State Route 284
State Route 323
State Route 332
State Route 347
State Route 365
State Route 369
State Route 419 (unsigned designation for I-985)
Mass transit
The Gainesville AMTRAK station is situated at 116 Industrial Boulevard. Amtrak's Crescent train connects Gainesville with the cities of New York City, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington, Greensboro, Charlotte, Atlanta, Birmingham and New Orleans.
Gainesville has a bus transit system, the Gainesville Connection, with 130 stops along three routes through Gainesville. The Hall Area Transit Transportation System began operations in January 2001 with three buses and four mini-buses.
Pedestrians and cycling
Chicopee Woods Bike Trail
Wilshire Trail
Demographics
Hall County remains extremely rural and many of its residents reside in unincorporated areas, accounting for more than half of the county's population.
2000 census
At the 2000 census, 139,277 people, 80,381 households and 80,009 families resided in the county. The population density was . There were 51,046 housing units at an average density of 130 per square mile (50/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 80.75% White, 7.27% Black or African American, 0.34% Native American, 1.35% Asian, 0.17% Pacific Islander, 8.75% from other races, and 1.36% from two or more races. About 19.56% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 80,381 households, 37.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.20% were married couples living together, 10.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.00% were not families. About 19.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.89 and the average family size was 3.26.
Age distribution was 26.90% under the age of 18, 10.80% from 18 to 24, 32.30% from 25 to 44, 20.60% from 45 to 64, and 9.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 103.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.90 males.
The median household income was $44,908, and the median family income was $50,100. Males had a median income of $31,769 versus $24,550 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,690. About 8.50% of families and 12.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.20% of those under age 18 and 14.70% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 179,684 people, 60,691 households, and 45,275 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 68,825 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 74.1% white, 7.4% black or African American, 1.8% Asian, 0.5% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 13.9% from other races, and 2.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 26.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 16.8% were American, 10.6% were Irish, 9.3% were English, and 8.9% were German.
Of the 60,691 households, 40.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were married couples living together, 12.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 25.4% were non-families, and 20.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.91 and the average family size was 3.35. The median age was 34.5 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $50,876 and the median income for a family was $57,774. Males had a median income of $38,671 versus $31,378 for females. The per capita income for the county was $23,675. About 11.3% of families and 14.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 21.3% of those under age 18 and 11.6% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 203,136 people, 65,625 households, and 48,776 families residing in the county.
Education
Colleges and universities
Brenau University
Lanier Technical College
University of North Georgia, Gainesville Campus (formerly Gainesville State College)
High schools
Cherokee Bluff High School
Chestatee High School
East Hall High School
Flowery Branch High School
Gainesville High School
Johnson High School
Lakeview Academy
North Georgia Christian School
North Hall High School
Riverside Military Academy
West Hall High School
Middle schools
Academies of Discovery at South Hall
Alternative Learning Center/International Center
C. W. Davis Middle School
Cherokee Bluff Middle School
Chestatee Middle School
East Hall Middle School
Gainesville Middle School
Lanier Career Academy
North Georgia Christian School
North Hall Middle School
West Hall Middle School
World Language Academy Middle School (Shares building with South Hall)
Communities
Cities
Buford (mostly in Gwinnett County)
Flowery Branch
Gainesville
Gillsville (partly in Banks County)
Lula (partly in Banks County)
Oakwood
Towns
Braselton (partly in Jackson, Barrow, and Gwinnett Counties)
Clermont
Unincorporated communities
Belmont
Candler
Chestnut Mountain
Murrayville (partly in Lumpkin and White Counties)
Chicopee
Rabbittown
Politics
Hall County had voting patterns similar to the Solid South, with the exception of narrowly supporting Herbert Hoover against Catholic Democrat Al Smith in 1928. Since then, it has been won by the GOP by landslide margins, in stark contrast to nearby inner suburban counties of Atlanta, with the exception of segregationist George Wallace in 1968 and favorite son Jimmy Carter in both of his campaigns.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hall County, Georgia
Gainesville Police Department
References
External links
Lake Lanier Convention & Visitors Bureau
Hall County web site from Roadside Georgia
Hall County Government official site
GaGEN Web Hall County section
This Day in Georgia History: December 15, Ed Jackson and Charly Pou, Carl Vinson Institute of Government, The University of Georgia
Documents from Hall County at the Digital Library of Georgia
Hall County Sesquicentennial historical marker
Historic Redwine historical marker
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1818 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1818
Hall
Northeast Georgia
Counties of Appalachia
Ruud Kuijer (Schalkwijk, 8 June 1959) is a Dutch sculptor, particularly known for his Water works, a group of seven large-scale sculptures on the strip between Isotopenweg and the Amsterdam-Rhine Canal in Utrecht, The Netherlands.
Life and work
After studying at St. Joost Academy of Art and Design in 's-Hertogenbosch from 1981 to 1984 and after having completed a postgraduate course at Jan van Eyck Academy in Maastricht from 1984 tot 1986, Ruud Kuijer went to live and work in Utrecht. As a sculptor, Ruud Kuijer became famous for his abstract sculptures in which he often incorporated recognisable shapes. The main focus of his work is the purely sculptural articulation of space which may or may not include references to content outside the sculpture.
Tradition and recent sculpture tradition play a significant role in his work, as does the continual desire to transcend these. Originally the focus was on finding and using the plastic qualities and expressive possibilities offered by the properties of ordinary materials such as iron, screw thread, carpet, rope, wood and concrete. These materials have little or no history when it comes to art. In recent years concrete has been the dominant material. Ruud Kuijer also works as a teacher. From 1992 to 1997 he taught at the Academy in Den Bosch and from 2007 to 2008 at the Academy of Arts in Berlin.
Sculptures 1985-2003
Between 1985 and 2003 he produced various series of sculptures whereby his point of departure was the specific possibilities offered by the materials used. In the sculptures belonging to the group entitled 'Staan/Liggen/Hangen/Leunen' (Standing/Lying Down/Hanging/Leaning) (1985-1992), the primary (structural) and secondary qualities (skin and colour) of various materials are coordinated and contrasted. These sculptures focus primarily on the concept of gravity: the individual weight of each separate part is rendered visible in the whole. The group entitled 'Gegalvaniseerd IJzer/Beton' (Galvanised Iron/Concrete) (1992-2001) is limited to the two materials stated. The galvanised iron comes from street furniture and other forms which, of course, have to be protected against rust. In this group, concrete is expressed simultaneously as a form and a link. The 'Draadeindsculpturen' (Threaded End Sculptures) (1996-2003) are an attempt to neutralise the rigid mechanics of nuts and bolts. The focus is on the inherent qualities of screw thread: it can act as both a line and a link. Physical concepts such as compressive and tensile force also become visible, particularly in combination with other forms or materials.
Waterworks
Since 2001 Kuijer has been working on a group of seven large-scale sculptures on the strip between Isotopenweg and the Amsterdam-Rhine Canal, at Lage Weide industrial estate in Utrecht. These monumental, concrete sculptures are 12 metres high and up to 14 metres long. They are made from a single piece and a single material. In other words, they are monolithic sculptures. They basically consist of two materials: concrete and reinforcing rods.
The sculptures project has been specially made for the location. The group establishes relationships at a number of different levels with water and transport, and with the industrial surroundings of Lage Weide industrial estate. The sculptures contrast with the purely functional surroundings and add a human dimension to the immense and expansive area. Kuijer used forms based on the scale of our own body as a mould. The sculptures contain references to water, for example, a moulded rowing boat, surfboard and a garden pond.
One specific possibility offered by concrete is making imprints. Water Work IV Overstag (Go About) uses, more so than in the other sculptures, the richly contrasting and expressive possibilities of the sculptor's skin.
Between 2010 and 2013 a sloping embankment was created between the sculptures. This tailoring of the landscape links the sculptures together to form a tight-knit unit. From the point of view of urban planning this anchors the project firmly in the surroundings. Nowadays the sculptures are also illuminated at night. Water Work VII Cohesie (Cohesion) is the final element in the series and is also the tallest, at 12.70 metres high. This sculpture is located next to the Werkspoorbrug along the banks of the Amsterdam-Rhine Canal, at the crossing of the international rail and water links between our country and the rest of Europe. Two shapes in the sculpture contain a repeating motif of the coats of arms of the cities of Amsterdam, Utrecht and Basel. One shape is visible for passing ships and the other stands at eye level for passing train passengers. The whole project was unveiled in March 2013 as part of the celebrations to mark the 300th anniversary of the Treaty of Utrecht (1713-2013).
Besides being an artist, Ruud Kuijer is also a cultural entrepreneur in heart and soul. There are very few independently initiated sculpture projects of this scale in public spaces. For the Water Works project, Kuijer himself arranged the funding and support from businesses, constructed a large workshop himself and even arranged all the permits for the locations. Water Works is unconventional from the point of view of vision, scale and location, and that makes it unique in the Netherlands. The Water Works sculpture project led him to being awarded the Fentener van Vlissingen culture prize in 2004 and the Dutch Concrete Award in 2005.
2002 Water Work I, Forward
2003 Water Work II, Bearable Lightness
2005 Water Work III, Chardonnay
2007 Water Work IV, Overstag
2009 Water Work V, Circuit
2011 Water Work VI, Weerslag
2013 Water Work VII, Cohesie
Exhibitions (selection)
1986 Wentzel Gallery, Cologne
1987 Waalkens Gallery, Finsterwolde
1989 Wentzel Gallery, Cologne
1990 Central Museum, Utrecht
1990 Living room exhibition by Benno Premsela and Friso Broeksma, Amsterdam
1991 Wentzel Gallery, Cologne
1995 Southworth International Group, Portland, ME (USA)
1996 Municipal Museum The Hague
1997 Wilhelm Lehmbruck Museum, Duisburg
2000 Waalkens Gallery, Finsterwolde
2009 Central Museum, Utrecht
2011 Gerken Gallery, Berlin
2014 Rijksmuseum van Oudheden, Rijksmuseum Volkenkunde, Museum Boerhaave, Leiden
2014 Museum Beelden aan Zee, The Hague
2017 ARTZUID, International Sculpture Biennale Amsterdam (group exhibition)
2017 Villa Wessel, Iserlohn
2017-2018 City of Arts and Sciences, Valencia
2019 Galerie Slewe, Amsterdam (with Lon Pennock)
2019 Sculpture biennale BLICKACHSEN 12, Frankfurt and surroundings (group exhibition)
2020 Galerie Slewe, Amsterdam (with Krijn de Koning)
2020-2021 Gerhard Marcks Haus, Bremen
Commissions
2008 Springtij (Spring Tide), sculpture for the head office of Royal Boskalis Westminster NV in Papendrecht
2009 Alliance, Sculpture for the port of Melbourne in Australia
2010 Group of 13 sculptures for the Parkhaven neighbourhood in Utrecht commissioned by Bouwfonds ASR
2016 Ocean Reef I and II two sculptures for two artificial islands in front of the coast of Panama-City, Panama
2017 Hangend Vlak, sculpture for ArtZuid 2017, International Sculpture Biennale Amsterdam
Collections
Ruud Kuijer's works are included in collections of, among others:
Bonnefanten Museum, Maastricht
Centraal Museum, Utrecht
Municipal Museum, The Hague
Lehmbruck Museum, Duisburg
Stedelijk Museum, Amsterdam
Private collections in the Netherlands, Belgium, Germany, Spain, the United States, and Australia.
Gallery
Publications
2018 Abstractie-Ruimte-Staal, about the work of André Volten. Catalog text at the exhibition Utopia of André Volten at museum Beelden aan Zee, The Hague. Waanders publishers, Zwolle
2019 Ruud Kuijer: Over Sculptuur, Notities van een maker en beschouwer. NAI010 publishers, Rotterdam
2019 Ruud Kuijer: On Sculpture, Reflections by a Maker and Observer. NAI010 publishers, Rotterdam
2019 Ruud Kuijer: Über Skulptur, Notizen eines Machers und Betrachters. NAI010 publishers, Rotterdam
Literature
1990 Beelden 1988–1989, Central Museum, Utrecht,
1996 Hout/IJzer, IJzer/Beton, Baustoffe der Plastik, Minister Paul Museum The Hague/Wilhelm, Lehmbruck Museum, Duisburg,
2005 Landveroveren, Publication to accompany the Fentener van Vlissingen Culture Prize
2009 Alliance, Publication by the Port of Melbourne Cooperation to accompany the presentation of the sculpture of the same name in Melbourne
2009 Ruud Kuijer Beelden/Sculpture, Central Museum, Utrecht/ Wilhelm Lehmbruck Museum, Duisburg,
2011 Ruud Kuijer, Gerken Gallery, Berlin
2013 Ruud Kuijer, Waterwerken / Water Works, Nai010 publishers, Rotterdam,
2014 Ruud Kuijer BLVD, published by museum Beelden aan Zee, The Hague,
Films & Television
2009 Alliance, film by the Amsterdamse Filmstichting about the realisation of the sculpture Alliance in the harbour of Melbourne
Celebration of the end of dredging with unveiling of a ten meter high sculpture, Alicia Gorey reporting for Channel 9 News, West Melbourne 25 November 2009, 1.48 min.
Dutch Treat, Nick McCallum reporting for Channel 7 News, Melbourne, 25 November 2009, 1.33 min.
2009 Ruud Kuijer Sculptor, a film by the Amsterdamse Filmstichting
The Waterwerken of Ruud Kuijer, AVRO KunstUur, 7 February 2009, Nederland 2, rubric Van de straat
2013 DocU Waterwerken, film by Jos Kuijer and Caspar Haspels, RTV Utrecht, every hour in the weekend of the 5th and 6 October 2013
External links
Netherlands Institute for Art History website
Artist's website
Media files
More media files can be found in the Ruud Kuijer category of Wikimedia Commons
Personal website (more detailed information)
Water Works website
1959 births
Living people
Dutch sculptors
Dutch male sculptors
People from Houten
AKV St. Joost alumni
Strange Cargo is a 1940 American romantic drama film directed by Frank Borzage and starring Clark Gable and Joan Crawford in a story about a group of fugitive prisoners from a French penal colony. The adapted screenplay by Lawrence Hazard was based upon the 1936 novel, Not Too Narrow, Not Too Deep, by Richard Sale. The film was produced by Joseph L. Mankiewicz for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer; it was the eighth and last film pairing of Crawford and Gable, and the first Gable picture released in the wake of Gone with the Wind. The supporting cast includes Ian Hunter and Peter Lorre.
Plot
Julie (Crawford), a cynical, world-weary cafe entertainer (and prostitute) in a town near the Devil's Island (French Guiana) penal colony, encounters André Verne (Clark Gable), a prisoner, on the wharf where he is hiding. He grabs her ankle and threatens her—she will be thrown off the island if she is found consorting with a prisoner.
André Verne's absence is not noticed because a man in a prisoner's uniform (Ian Hunter) joins the returning work crew, making the count correct. Verne goes to Julie's room because he wants a woman. Julie wants none of him and threatens to turn him in, but she doesn't get the chance because M'sieu Pig (Peter Lorre) has already reported him; he is found in Julie's room and returned to prison. Julie is banished from the island and has no money for passage. The Pig wants her to stay, but she tells him nothing could ever make her so desperate that she would allow him to touch her. She goes to Marfeu (Bernard Nedell) for help and ends up a held prisoner in his shack.
Prison warden Grideau (Frederic Worlock) is mystified by fact that the work gang count was correct even though Verne was outside the prison. Grideau thinks that Verne has potential, unlike most of the prisoners but fears the man is doomed. It is only a matter of time before he kills someone. In the prison barracks, the stranger, whose name is Cambreau, begins to show the qualities that begin to define him as a mysterious, supernatural character: his anticipation of events (including weather), his knowledge of people, his physical endurance, his readiness with appropriate quotes from scripture, even his unexplained possession of money when needed. In a conversation with Verne, he offers the idea, central to the film, that “every man has God in his heart.” Verne finds this wildly funny, pointing to all the wonderful examples of God around them.
Moll (Albert Dekker) has masterminded a jailbreak and takes Cambreau, Telez (Eduardo Ciannelli), Hessler (Paul Lukas), a serial killer who poisons his wives, Flaubert (J. Edward Bromberg), and Dufond (John Arledge) with him. Verne and Moll are bitter enemies, but in spite of this—or because of it—Verne plans to catch up with them and join in.
The trek through the jungle is brutal. They need food, and Cambreau, who never tires, strides off purposively into the undergrowth. Meanwhile Julie has been fighting with Marfeu, who caught her packing a sack with food, trying to get away. Her arm is raised to stab him to death when Cambreau's voice is heard saying, “Not that way, Julie.” When she goes to look there is no one, but the sack is gone and there is a wad of money, enough for a passage to the mainland. Marfeu takes it. Later, while Julie is begging him to let her go—hasn't she been there long enough?—Verne bursts in. He takes the money from Marfeu and takes Julie with him. She makes it clear that she goes because he is the best thing available at the moment—She will ditch him if something better comes along. They understand each other perfectly. Soon after, Cambreau returns with the supplies. Then Verne appears and joins the escapees.
When they reach the coast, they are all barely able to stand from thirst and exhaustion—except for Cambreau. He stops Moll from drinking seawater, and somehow knows that the boat that has been hidden for them is around the next point. Refreshed by the water hidden there, they set sail for the mainland.
Then during a long, deadly, calm, Julie shares her ugly past, her new hopes, her love for Verne and her fears for him. She could gladly spend her life with him but not on the deadly path he is on. She wishes she could pray, and Cambreau gently tells her that she has been.
Only Verne, Julie, Hessler, and Cambreau survive the long ordeal. The others die, some heroically, all receiving consolation from Cambreau. Once ashore, they set the boat adrift with Moll's body in it, hoping the authorities will assume that there were no survivors of the prison break.
Cambreau takes them to a fisherman's hut where they take refuge, washing, shaving, replacing their rags with clean clothes. The fisherman denies having a boat until Verne threatens him with a razor.
In the port on the mainland, Grideau and his men, accompanied by the Pig, examine the boat with Moll's body in it. As the escapees hoped, they believe that all died, but the Pig finds a scrap of Julie's dress and knows better.
Hessler leaves them, announcing that he is off to find a rich widow—his next victim. He is proud of having escaped Cambreau's net and disdains Cambreau's salvation, bidding him a mocking au revoir. Cambreau gravely replies that they will not meet again. Once outside, Hessler pauses and looks back, struggling against belief and then, grimacing demonically, slinks off into the night as a storm begins.
Julie is on the waterfront, looking for passage on a ship in the harbor, but no one will row her out: The weather is bad and getting worse. The Pig sees her and threatens to expose Verne unless she agrees to go back to the island with him—and marry him. She scorns him at first, but realizing this is Verne's only hope, she agrees, on condition that she be allowed to say goodbye, alone. Her conversation with Verne is agonizing, and when the Pig comes into the hut, Verne assumes the worst. In the end, Julie goes with the Pig. Cambreau is now the only person who knows that Verne is alive, and Verne will feel safer if he is dead. In spite of the terrible weather, they row out to the boat with the fisherman. It is not until after they get there that Cambreau says he should stay behind; there are people he might help. Verne decides to kill him, and punches him in the jaw, deliberately knocking him overboard into the crashing waves. Cambreau clings to a piece of driftwood, evoking the image of Christ on Calvary's cross.
The fisherman tells Verne that only he can save Cambreau, but Verne taunts the drowning man, demanding to know where God is now, saying “the fisherman is God! “ “I'm God! You're... You're....” but Cambreau goes under as he is shouting. Verne freezes in horror and then, desperately calling Cambreau's name, dives into the raging sea to save him. Back on deck, Verne thinks Cambreau is dead and asks him why. Then Cambreau opens his eyes and Verne, weeping, embraces him.
It is bright day. The storm has cleared and Julie, the Pig and Grideau are on the deck of the steamer that will take them back to the island. Julie sees Verne walking confidently along the wharf toward the ship and runs out to stop him. He keeps on coming and, full of banter as usual, surrenders to Grideau. Repentant but still cocky, he jokes that a woman like Julie was all the warden really needed to keep him in line. She will wait for him, and they will be married after he has served his term.
Across the harbor, aboard the fisherman's boat, he and Cambreau watch the steamer. The fisherman asks if they will be all right eventually, and Cambreau replies that all is well now. He says “Goodbye, my friend,” to the fisherman, who removes his hat and replies, “Goodbye, Monsieur.” Cambreau grips the other man's shoulder in farewell and strides off down the deck to disappear into the shadows where there is no passage. The gently smiling fisherman slowly makes the sign of the cross on his breast.
Cast
Clark Gable as André Verne
Joan Crawford as Julie
Ian Hunter as Cambreau
Peter Lorre as M'sieu Pig
Paul Lukas as Hessler
Albert Dekker as Moll
J. Edward Bromberg as Flaubert
Eduardo Ciannelli as Telez
John Arledge as Dufond
Frederick Worlock as Grideau (billed as Frederic Worlock)
Bernard Nedell as Marfeu
Victor Varconi as Fisherman
Paul Fix as Benet
Reception
Film Daily said: "Here is a good, raw, stark melodrama which holds suspense from the start. Frank Borzage has given it expert directorial attention...Clark Gable fits his role admirably...The acting is high-grade with Joan Crawford giving her best performance to date."
Variety commented: "Although the picture has its many deficiencies, the Crawford characterization will give studio execs idea of proper casting of her talents for the future. Direction by Frank Borzage fails to hit the dramatic punches...He has not clearly defined the spiritual redemption angle, which also adds to the audience confusion. The screenplay does not help Borzage out of his predicament."
Leonard Maltin describes Strange Cargo as an “Intriguing allegorical film...Not for all tastes, but there are fine, realistic performances and [a] flavorful Franz Waxman score.
Censorship issues plagued the film from the beginning, not only in terms of sex and violence but because of the mystical element. The Catholic Legion of Decency gave it a "condemned" rating for presenting "a naturalistic concept of religion contrary to the teachings of Christ, irreverent use of Scripture, and lustful complications." The picture was banned in some places, and this had an adverse effect on the box office.
According to TCM.com, “A biography of producer Joseph L. Mankiewicz quotes him as saying: ‘It was almost a good film. I wish it could have been made later. It was tough doing any kind of film that even approached reality in any way.' “
TCM's Margarita Landazuri describes it as “a haunting and unusual film, controversial in its day, and considered by many critics to be the best expression of the metaphysical themes in the work of director Frank Borzage.”
Gross
According to MGM records the film earned $1,311,000 in the US and Canada and $603,000 elsewhere resulting in a profit of $21,000.
See also
Clark Gable filmography
Joan Crawford filmography
References
External links
1940 films
1940s adventure drama films
American adventure drama films
American black-and-white films
Films scored by Franz Waxman
Films based on American novels
Films directed by Frank Borzage
Films set in jungles
Films set on Devil's Island
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Films produced by Frank Borzage
Films produced by Joseph L. Mankiewicz
American romantic drama films
1940 romantic drama films
1940s English-language films
Christ figures in fiction
Cultural depictions of Jesus
Portrayals of Jesus in film
1940s American films
Daniel Benjamin "Dan" Shapiro (born August 1, 1969) is an American diplomat who served as United States Ambassador to Israel from 2011 to 2017. He was nominated by President Barack Obama on March 29, 2011, and confirmed by the Senate on May 29. He was sworn in as ambassador by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on July 8, 2011.
Previously, he was the senior director for the Middle East and North Africa on the United States National Security Council. As an Obama administration political appointee, Shapiro was ordered on January 5, 2017, to resign upon the inauguration of President Donald Trump. On August 30, 2021, President Joe Biden appointed Shapiro as a special liaison to Israel on Iran.
Biography
Dan Shapiro was born to a Jewish family in Champaign, Illinois, one of four children of novelist Elizabeth Klein Shapiro and University of Illinois English professor emeritus Michael Shapiro. He went to Westview Elementary and Edison Middle school in Champaign, and graduated from the University Laboratory High School in 1986. He first entered Washington University in St. Louis, spending his sophomore year in Israel, and then transferred to Brandeis University, where he obtained a bachelor's degree in 1991 in Near Eastern and Judaic Studies. Two years later he earned a master's degree in Middle Eastern Politics from Harvard University.
Shapiro speaks both Hebrew and Arabic.
Shapiro is married to Julie Fisher. The couple has three daughters. They are members of the Conservative Jewish Adas Israel Congregation in Washington.
Career
From 1993 to 1995, Shapiro served as a professional staff member on the House Foreign Affairs Committee under Chairman Lee H. Hamilton. From 1995 to 1999, he was a legislative assistant and senior foreign policy adviser to Senator Dianne Feinstein. From 1999 to 2001, he sat on the National Security Council under President Bill Clinton, as director of legislative affairs, and as a Congressional liaison for National Security Adviser Sandy Berger. From 2001 to 2007, he was first legislative adviser and then deputy chief of staff (primarily on foreign policy issues) for U.S. Senator Bill Nelson. From 2007 till 2008, he was vice president of the Washington, D.C., lobbying firm Timmons & Company.
Shapiro had served as an advisor to then-U.S. Sen. Barack Obama on the Middle East and Jewish community issues since 2007, also assisting as strategist and fundraiser. He accompanied Obama on his July 2008 trip to Israel; in August 2008, Obama appointed him senior policy adviser and Jewish outreach coordinator for his 2008 presidential campaign.
In January 2009, Shapiro was appointed senior director for the Middle East and North Africa of the U.S. National Security Council. Focusing on Israel, he attended every Israel-related meeting, and met with every senior Israeli diplomat and military officer who visited Washington, D.C. Shapiro often accompanied U.S. Special Envoy for Middle East Peace George J. Mitchell on his trips to the region, and played a central role in talks regarding the Middle East Peace Process and the strengthening of military cooperation between the U.S. and Israel. He maintained close relations with Benyamin Netanyahu, in spite of tensions between the Israeli prime minister and President Obama. In June 2011, he was appointed Ambassador to Israel. Shapiro took leave of the President of Israel, Reuven Rivlin, on January 17, 2017 before holding his final meeting with Netanyahu two days later, which one newspaper described as a "terse farewell."
After concluding his service as ambassador to Israel, Shapiro became a Distinguished Visiting Fellow at the Institute for National Security Studies at Tel Aviv University. Shapiro is currently a principal at WestExec Advisors.
References
External links
1969 births
20th-century American Jews
Ambassadors of the United States to Israel
American lobbyists
Brandeis University alumni
Harvard University alumni
Living people
Obama administration personnel
People from Champaign, Illinois
United States National Security Council staffers
21st-century American Jews
is a Japanese former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics.
External links
1961 births
Living people
Japanese male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Japan
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Asian Games medalists in alpine skiing
Asian Games silver medalists for Japan
Alpine skiers at the 1986 Asian Winter Games
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Winter Games
20th-century Japanese people
Bed & Breakfast is a 2010 romantic comedy directed by Márcio Garcia and written by Leland Douglas. Produced by B.B. Film Productions and F.J. Productions, the movie was shot in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil and in Los Angeles. The film stars Dean Cain, Juliana Paes, Eric Roberts, John Savage, Bill Engvall, Marcos Pasquim, Rodrigo Lombardi and more.
The story is about Ana Vilanova (Juliana Paes), a saleswoman from a large department store in Rio who discovers she has inherited property in the wine county of California. She could never expect what she would find in Webster, a small country town.
Synopsis
Jake Sullivan (Dean Cain) is the almost-ex-husband of movie star Amanda Cox (Kimberly Quinn). He owns a little bed and breakfast in the wine county. Ana Vilanova (Juliana Paes) is a Brazilian woman in love with a beach playboy (Marcos Pasquim) and whose brother (Daniel Ávila) is in trouble with the mob. Convinced that she owns the same piece of property on which Jake's B&B is located, Ana heads to California, intent on evicting him, selling the property and helping her brother, but soon realizes that she likes Jake quite a bit more than she likes her beach bum boyfriend.
Cast
Dean Cain as Jake
Juliana Paes as Ana
Bill Engvall as Pete Sullivan
Julian Stone as Victor
John Savage as Mr. Harvey
Julia Duffy as Mrs. Harvey
Eric Roberts as Mr. Hopewell
Jamie Anderson as Caroline
Meredith Bishop as Celeste
Kimberly Dollar as Waiter
Murilo Elbas as Thug One
Jesse Jake Golden as Girl One
Calvin Jung as Mr. Okata
Débora Lamm as Gabriela
Ted Lange as Judge / Mediator
Júnior Lisboa as Thug Two
Rodrigo Lombardi as Bartolomeu
Lydia Look as Ms. Okata
Priscila Marinho as Flavia
Zilah Mendoza as Maria
Emily Nelson as Hank
Marcos Pasquim as Gustavo
Kimberly Quinn as Amanda
Roseli as Girl Two
Luiza Valdetaro as Babita
Daniel Ávila as Paulo
External links
2010 films
2010s English-language films
American romantic comedy films
Films set in California
2010 romantic comedy films
2010 directorial debut films
2010s American films
2009
See also
2009 in Australia
2009 in Australian television
List of 2009 box office number-one films in Australia
2009
Lists of 2009 films by country or language
Films
The 1989–90 Women's European Champions Cup was the 29th edition of the Europe's competition for national champions women's handball clubs, running between October 1989 and 27 May 1990. Defending champion Hypo Niederösterreich defeated Kuban Krasnodar in the final to win its second title.
Qualifying Round
Round of 16
Quarter-finals
Semifinals
Final
References
Women's EHF Champions League
Ihf Women's European Cup, 1989-90
Ihf Women's European Cup, 1989-90
IHF
IHF
Batrachedra meator is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found on St. Lucia.
This species was described by Ronald W. Hodges in 1966.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Bayencourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Geography
A very small village, situated on the junction of the D23 and D129 roads, about halfway between Arras and Amiens.
Population
See also
Communes of the Somme department
References
Communes of Somme (department)
Lucky Morani is an Indian fashion designer, model, stage and film actress. Morani is a noted fashion designer, and has designed, and modeled for several brands in India.
In 2014, she ventured into mainstream acting with the bollywood crime thriller film Main Aur Charles.
Early career and cinema
Morani was born in Mumbai, India. She did her schooling at St. Joseph's Convent High School, Mumbai. She holds a Bachelor of Commerce from Narsee Monjee College of Commerce and Economics, and Diploma in Fashion design from SNDT Women's University. Morani was an apprentice to fashion designer Hemanth Trivedi. She subsequently worked as Creative and Event Planner for the Cineyug Group Of Companies. She subsequently ventured into theater and stage acting through playwright and director Nadira Babbar's works. Lucky Morani received the 'I Am Woman' women empowerment award in 2016.
Personal life
Morani is the wife of Bollywood film producer Mohamed Morani, and sister in law of Karim Morani and Aly Morani, the owners of Cineyug Entertainment, one of India's event management companies.
References
Living people
Female models from Mumbai
Indian film actresses
Indian stage actresses
21st-century Indian actresses
1970 births
Indian Ismailis
Indian women fashion designers
Khoja Ismailism
Gujarati people
The J.C. Bartlett House is a historic house located in Taunton, Massachusetts. The house was built in 1880 for J.C. Bartlett, a prosperous mining engineer. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
The large-scaled Mansard house features bold Italianate details in its justified quoins, bracketed cornice and window detailing. It originally had decorative iron cresting on its roof, that has since been removed. The exterior has been partially covered with vinyl siding. The original slate Mansard roof has been replaced with asphalt shingles.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Taunton, Massachusetts
List of historic houses in Massachusetts
References
Houses in Taunton, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Taunton, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Rhodium(III) hydroxide is a chemical compound with the formula Rh(OH)3.
Various compounds of rhodium(III) with hydroxide ligands are known.
Some double hydroxides called rhodium(III) hydrogarnets are known to exist. They include BaNaRh(OH)6, Ca3Rh2(OH)12, Sr3Rh2(OH)12. and Ba3[Rh(OH)6]2 ⋅ H2O.
Ga[Rh(OH)6(Mo6O18)](H2O)16 is a complex molybdate hydroxide.
References
Rhodium(III) compounds
Hydroxides
The Puerto Rico Democracy Act is a bill to provide for a federally sanctioned self-determination process for the people of Puerto Rico.
This act would provide for plebiscites to be held in Puerto Rico to determine the island's ultimate political status. The bill was approved by the House of Representatives on April 29, 2010 by a recorded vote of 223–169. It was not approved by the Senate and died with the sine die adjournment of the 111th Congress.
The bill has been introduced twice in the United States Congress, first in 2007 and again in 2009.
Background
Puerto Rico is an unincorporated territory of the United States located in the northeastern Caribbean Sea. It was ceded by Spain to the United States as part of the Treaty of Paris during the Spanish–American War. In 1952, the U.S. Congress ratified the Constitution of Puerto Rico, proclaiming Puerto Rico as an insular commonwealth. However, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico continued to be under territorial status subject to the United States congressional authority according to the Territorial Clause of the U.S. Constitution, which states that Congress has the authority "to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory belonging to the United States." This status has been subject of ongoing debate in Puerto Rico, the United States, and the United Nations. Three non-binding plebiscites have been held in recent decades in Puerto Rico to gauge the will of its people for a change in its current political status, but no changes have taken place as it requires an Act of the U.S. Congress to change Puerto Rico's political status.
Puerto Rico Democracy Act of 2007
The 2007 bill, () was introduced in the United States House of Representatives on February 7, 2007 by Congressman José Serrano (D-New York). The bill would have provided for a referendum to be held no later than December 31, 2009. The referendum would have given Puerto Ricans the choice between the options of retaining their present political status, or choosing a new status. If the former option were to win, the referendum would have been held again every 8 years. If the latter option were to win, a separate referendum would have been held no later than December 31, 2011. In this referendum, Puerto Ricans would have been given the option of being admitted as a U.S. State "on equal footing with the other states," or becoming a "sovereign nation, either fully independent from or in free association with the United States." Were Puerto Ricans to choose statehood, independence, or free association, the US Congress would have had six months to act on the wishes of the Puerto Rican people.
The Act had bi-partisan support in the House of Representatives, with 129 co-sponsors, and was introduced in the U.S. Senate as S. 1936 with bi-partisan support on August 2, 2007 by Sen. Ken Salazar (D-CO) with 15 co-sponsors. The bill was never voted on before the 110th Congress ended.
Puerto Rico Democracy Act of 2010
The 2009 bill (), was introduced in the United States House of Representatives on May 19, 2009 by Pedro Pierluisi (D-Puerto Rico) who is the Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico to the United States Congress (not a voting-member of the House of Representatives).
The bill would provide for a referendum giving Puerto Ricans the choice between the options of retaining their present political status, or choosing a new status. If the former option were to win, the referendum would have been held again every 8 years. If the latter option were to win, a separate referendum would be held where Puerto Ricans would have been given the option of being admitted as a US State "on equal footing with the other states," or becoming a "sovereign nation, either fully independent from or in free association with the United States." The bill enjoyed bi-partisan support in the House of Representatives, with 181 co-sponsors.
Key issues before Congress
The key issues of this bill that are considered "debatable" are:
plebiscite vs. constitutional convention
participation of Puerto Rican population not living in the Island
exact meaning of "Sovereignty in association with the United States"
Plebiscite vs. constitutional convention
H.R. 2499 proposes to take the question directly to voters in at least one plebiscite. For those who believe that direct democracy is the best method for readdressing the status issue, the plebiscite approach could be preferred. Plebiscites, however, necessarily include pre-determined questions and answers (i.e., the options listed on the ballot). Other proposals (e.g., H.R. 110-1230) suggest a more grassroots-oriented approach involving constitutional conventions without preconditions on the issues to be considered or options to be proposed. The plebiscite approach is perhaps a more efficient way to ascertain the electorate's views on specific questions, but plebiscites do not allow for modification of the questions presented. By contrast, although conventions have the potential advantage of allowing for wide-ranging debate, they rely on delegates to represent popular will and might or might not be able to reach a politically viable status choice.
Participation of Puerto Ricans not living in Puerto Rico
Under H.R. 2499, Puerto Ricans living on the Island and U.S. citizens born in Puerto Rico – but not necessarily living there today – would be eligible to participate in the plebiscites. This approach is substantially similar to the one proposed in H.R. 900 in the 110th Congress. Allowing non-residents to vote outside their current jurisdiction of residence is not typical in elections, but this aspect of the proposal would provide an opportunity for the substantial Puerto Rican population living elsewhere (assuming they were born in Puerto Rico and remain U.S. citizens) to participate in what many view as an essential Puerto Rican political debate. Proposals to allow those living outside Puerto Rico to vote in plebiscites do not appear to have generated substantial controversy, according to a Congressional Research Service analysis.
Meaning of "Sovereignty in association with the United States"
The first and third status options in the second plebiscite – independence and statehood, respectively – are straightforward. The second option, however, uses terminology that is not widely recognized in discussions of political status. It proposes: "Sovereignty in Association with the United States: Puerto Rico and the United States should form a political association between sovereign nations that will not be subject to the Territorial Clause of the United States Constitution."
"Sovereignty in association with the United States" is not a term of art typically used in status discussions. The proposed ballot language suggests that Puerto Rico would become an independent nation but maintain a close relationship with the U.S., perhaps akin to a concept known as "free association." Free association generally implies negotiated legal, economic, or defense ties between two independent nations. Three former territories – the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, and the Republic of Palau – are currently engaged in free association with the United States. (Following World War II, the U.S. administered all three of those territories on behalf of the United Nations, although they were never U.S. territories per se but United Nations Trust Territories.) Based on current compact agreements with the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, and the Republic of Palau, the U.S. provides those countries with defense protection and various forms of economic aid. If the "sovereign association" language proposed in H.R. 2499 is viewed as something akin to free association, the future relationship between the U.S. and an independent Puerto Rico could resemble the current relationships between the United States and the Marshall Islands, Micronesia, and Palau.
"Sovereignty in association with the United States" might also be interpreted to mean so-called "enhanced commonwealth," an option that is not a particular territorial status or official term, but which has been a component of previous popular status debates. Generally, "enhanced commonwealth" suggests a relationship that is, essentially, something between territorial status and statehood. Recent presidential task force reports have concluded that such an option would be unconstitutional because land under United States sovereignty must either be a State or a territory, but some in Puerto Rico maintain that such a political status could be negotiated between Puerto Rico and the U.S. These are two possible interpretations of option No. 2 in the second plebiscite and, in the absence of additional information, the precise meaning of the option is unclear.
Hearing
On June 24, 2009, the U.S. House Committee on Natural Resources held a hearing on the bill with the participation of the Governor of Puerto Rico, and others like Jennifer Gonzalez, speaker of the Puerto Rico House of Representatives, Thomas Rivera Schatz, president of the Senate of Puerto Rico.
Committee assignments
Referred to the United States House Committee on Natural Resources.
Committee vote
The House Natural Resources Committee, led by Chairman Nick J. Rahall (D-WV), approved the bill and referred it to the United States House of Representatives floor with a 30 in favor 8 against vote.
House vote
On April 22, 2010, Resident Commissioner Pedro Pierluisi announced that H.R. 2499 would be voted on in the week of April 26, 2010.
on April 29, 2010, H.R. 2499 passed the House with a 223–169 vote. Two amendments were added to H.R. 2499. The first, proposed by Virginia Foxx, stated that it "would allow supporters of the commonwealth status quo the option of voting their preference during the second stage of the plebiscite." The second, proposed by Dan Burton, stated that it "would retain the requirement that all ballots used for authorized plebiscites include the full content of the ballot printed in English" —a consideration already contemplated in Puerto Rican electoral law. It would also require the Puerto Rico State Elections Commission to inform voters in all authorized plebiscites that if Puerto Rico retains its current status or is admitted as a State: (1) any official language requirements of the Federal Government shall apply to Puerto Rico to the same extent as throughout the United States (regardless of the fact that English is already an official language in Puerto Rico); and (2) it is the Sense of Congress that the teaching of English be promoted in Puerto Rico in order for English-language proficiency to be achieved"; regardless of the fact that English is already taught in all grades from primary school, middle school, and high school, as well as in higher education.
Senate hearing
Immediately following House passage, H.R. 2499 was sent to the U.S. Senate, where it was given two formal readings and referred to the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. A hearing was scheduled on May 19, 2010 for the purpose of gathering testimony on the bill. Among those scheduled to offer testimony are Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico Pedro Pierluisi; Governor of Puerto Rico Luis Fortuño; President of the Popular Democratic Party of Puerto Rico Héctor Ferrer; and President of the Puerto Rican Independence Party Rubén Berríos. H.R. 2499 officially died with the sine die adjournment of the 111th Congress.
See also
Puerto Rico Self-Determination Act
References
External links
H.R. 2499: Puerto Rico Democracy Act of 2010 on Govtrack.us a civic project to track Congress
WashingtonWatch.com
HR 2499 Status on THOMAS
Puerto Rico Democracy Act of 2009
'United States Plus One – The Prospect of Puerto Rico as the 51st State' – Audio Documentary on HR.2499
2007 in Puerto Rico
2009 in Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican law
Proposed legislation of the 110th United States Congress
Proposed legislation of the 111th United States Congress
Koi Laut Ke Aaya Hai is an Indian suspensive psychological thriller TV series that was broadcast on Star Plus in 2017. Backed by Sphere Origins, it starred Surbhi Jyoti, Shoaib Ibrahim, Sharad Kelkar, Shaleen Malhotra , Rajsingh Verma and Varun Buddhadev. In June 2021, the series was released as The Return on quix.
Plot
Rishabh, a blind person lives with his Rajput family. His sister, Geetanjali falls in love with military officer Abhimanyu. As Rishabh refuses for this alliance, Geetanjali disobeys him and marries Abhimanyu. Though initially, outraged, he later accepts Abhimanyu who dies in a car crash.
Six years later
As Abhimanyu's body was never found, Geetanjali waits for his return. Her childhood friend, army officer Rajveer Malhotra, reveals Indian Army hasn't found any trace of Abhimanyu's survival so he is dead. Geetanjali meets a 6 year-old Priyam. Claiming to be Abhimanyu's reincarnation, Priyam is tested to know his identity but surprisingly passes. His greedy parents permit him to be adopted by Rishabh for Geetanjali's sake in exchange for a handsome sum.
Ragini, a stranger claims to be related to Geetanjali. It turns out that Abhimanyu is alive, and finally Geetanjali catches him, who says he betrayed her for revenge against her family. Ratna reveals how she was raped by his father Bhavani when she was pregnant with his child but he got her married to the widower Rajesh Shekhari, Geetanjali's father. Kavya is in fact Bhavani and Ratna's daughter.
Now, the biggest truth comes out that not Abhimanyu, it is his identical twin Aditya who is seeking revenge from his own family, as Bhavani wanted to kill him in past when it was predicated Aditya would cause his death. But Aditya was saved and raised by another guy with the story of Bhavani's abandonment etched into his soul. So it was Aditya's plan to snatch Abhimanyu's place as he holds him responsible for his abandoning.
Geetanjali plans to rescue Abhimanyu. Rishabh reveals both families had had long enmity between them and how he loved Ragini, who was pregnant with his child and he'd to betray her to believe he had played with her for the pride of his family. Priyam turns out to be their real son Varun. As Bhavani's men had killed Ragini after she gave birth to Varun, he diverted the blame on Rishabh for revenge.
An alive Abhimanyu and Aditya jump from a cliff and fight near jail. Aditya murders Bhavani and tries to kill Geetanjali too, but Rishabh saves her and dies, while she shoots Aditya to death. Rajveer bids adieu saying he got transferred. Geetanjali and Abhimanyu reunite forever and start living happily ever after.
Cast
Main
Surbhi Jyoti as Geetanjali "Geetu" Singh Rathore (née Shekhari) aka Gaura/Chamki: Neelanjali and Rajesh's daughter; Rishabh's sister; Kavya's adoptive sister; Rajveer's childhood friend; Abhimanyu's wife; Ragini, Aditya and Kavya's sister-in-law; Varun's aunt
Ashnoor Kaur as Young Geetanjali "Geetu" Singh Shekhari
Shoaib Ibrahim in dual role as
Captain Abhimanyu Singh Rathore: Kalyani and Bhavani Singh's twin son; Aditya and Ragini's brother; Kavya's half-brother; Geetanjali's husband; Rishabh's jijaji; Varun's uncle
Aditya Singh Rathore: Kalyani and Bhavani Singh's twin son; Abhimanyu and Ragini's brother; Kavya's half-brother; Geetanjali's devar; Varun's uncle
Sharad Kelkar as Rishabh Shekhari: Neelanjali and Rajesh's son; Geetanjali's brother; Kavya's adoptive brother; Ragini's husband; Abhimanyu, Aditya and Kavya's brother-in-law; Varun's father
Recurring
Nivedita Bhattacharya as Ratna Shekhari (née Devi Chandrani): Bhavani's former lover and victim of rape by him; Kavya's mother; Rajesh's second wife; Rishabh and Geetanjali's step-mother; Ragini and Abhimanyu's step-mother-in-law; Varun's step-grandmother
Sreejita De as Kavya Shekhari/Kavya Singh Rathore: Ratna and Bhavani's daughter; Rajesh's adoptive daughter; Rishabh and Geetanjali's sister-in-law and adoptive sister; Rajveer's childhood friend; Abhimanyu, Aditya and Ragini's half-sister; Varun's aunt
Shaleen Malhotra as Major Rajveer Malhotra: Geetanjali and Kavya's childhood friend
Varun Buddhadev as Varun Shekhari (imposter as Priyam Khatri): Ragini and Rishabh's son; Sunanda and Devki's foster son; Geetanjali, Abhimanyu, Aditya and Kavya's nephew
Ekroop Bedi as Chanda Singh
Megha Gupta as Ragini Shekhari: Kalyani and Bhavani Singh's daughter; Abhimanyu and Aditya's sister; Kavya's half-sister; Rishabh's wife; Geetanjali's sister-in-law; Varun's mother
Mita V as Bhairavi "Kalyani" Singh Rathore (née Devi Kashyap): Bhavani's wife; Ragini, Abhimanyu and Aditya's mother; Kavya's step-mother; Rishabh and Geetanjali's mother-in-law; Varun's grandmother
Sudesh Berry as Bhavani Singh Rathore: Ratna's former lover and rapist; Kalyani's husband; Abhimanyu, Aditya, Ragini and Kavya's father; Rishabh and Geetanjali's father-in-law; Varun's grandfather
Raj Singh Verma as Inspector Vijay Salvi
Mohit Sharma as Sevak Ram Saluja
Rushad Rana as Devki Nandan Khatri: Sunanda's husband; Varun's foster father
Sheetal Dabholkar as Sunanda Khatri: Devkinandan's wife; Varun's foster mother
Darshan Jariwala as Judge Sukesh Jaisingh
Firoza Khan as Khushi
Rajesh Kumar as Public Prosecutor Ramveer Shukla
Dipika Kakar for a special dance performance
Development
On 26 January 2017, the first promo of the show Clock was released by Star Plus on YouTube. On 4 February 2017, the second promo of the show mystery behind the song was released by Star Plus.
The series is set in the backdrop of Rajasthan. Some of the initial scenes were shot in Bikaner, Rajasthan. Also some were shot in Gajner fort.
Reception
India Today stated, "Koi Laut Ke Aaya Hai is a spellbinding psychological thriller that captivates its viewers with interesting plots and thrilling twists. And a welcome change from the ongoing supernatural shows."
The Times of India stated that the plot of this series resembles that of the film Woh Kaun Thi?.
Recreation
In June 2021 , it was released on Hotstar on which its name was The Return. It gained 10 million + views on ott platform. The series was only of 15 episodes while the real series had 33 episodes.
References
External links
StarPlus original programming
2017 Indian television series debuts
2017 Indian television series endings
Hindi-language television shows
Indian mystery television series
2010s Indian television miniseries
Serial drama television series
Television shows set in Rajasthan
Robert C. Disque (March 14, 1883 – May 7, 1968) was a professor of electrical engineering and interim president of what is now Drexel University.
Early life
Born in Burlington, Iowa, Disque went on to attend the University of Wisconsin where he received his Bachelor of Letters in 1903. He furthered his education, receiving his Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from the University of Wisconsin in 1908. After his graduation Disque accepted a teaching position at his Alma Mater, and served as an instructor until 1917.
During the World War I Disque served as a first lieutenant in the United States Army Air Service, and attained the rank of captain. After the war ended Disque served as major in the reserves.
Drexel Institute
Teaching
In 1918 or 1919 Disque was hired by the Drexel Institute of Technology as a professor and the head of the Department of Electrical Engineering. He served as professor until October 16, 1924 when he was appointed to the newly created position of Academic Dean (later known as the dean of the College of Engineering). In the following year Disque was appointed the Dean of Faculty. During his employment at Drexel Disque's efforts in the Department of Engineering helped to establish the 5 year co-op in the College of Engineering.
Interim presidency
Before becoming interim president of the Institute Disque was one of a four-member executive committee, the Four Horsemen, that made decisions regarding the internal affairs of the Institute. Due to this, and his other leadership experiences within the institute, Disque was the most qualified candidate to lead Drexel when George Rea resigned. He was named as interim president on July 29, 1944. During his presidency the athletics department underwent growth; intercollegiate football, basketball, and baseball programs were re-established and the department of physical education and intercollegiate athletics was established.
With the appointment of James Creese as president in 1945, Disque resumed his administrative duties as the Dean of Faculty and dean of the College of Engineering. He retired in 1953. In 1967 Disque Hall was dedicated in his honor.
Later life
Disque died on May 7, 1968 in Swarthmore, Pennsylvania at the Pennsylvania Hospital.
References
General
Specific
1883 births
1968 deaths
Drexel University faculty
People from Burlington, Iowa
University of Wisconsin–Madison College of Engineering alumni
Educators from Iowa
The , also called the or the , is a Japanese uta monogatari that was written any time between the mid-Heian period to the early-Kamakura period. It is in one volume and consists of two distinct sections. The first section describes a young Ono no Takamura's tragic love affair with his half-sister. The second section is taken to be by a different author, and is dated somewhat later than the first. Both authors are unknown, and the poems attributed in the tale to Takamura are treated as dubious at best.
References
Further reading
Geddes, Ward. "Takamura Monogatari" IN Monumenta Nipponica. 1991. Tokyo : Sophia University.
Late Old Japanese texts
Monogatari
Polly Barber, (Polly Scovill; 25 September 1803 – 23 February 1898), was a teacher, farmer, and businesswoman notable for becoming the "most prosperous farmer of Sutton," in one newspaper after her death.
Biography
Early life
Not much is known about Barber's early life. She was born on September 25, 1803, in Saint-Armand, Lower Canada to Asahel Barber and Polly Armes. Both of her parents were well situated in society, her father was the son of a physicist and her mother's family was notable for having many clergymen. Barber was able to use this situation to her advantage, allowing herself to become well-educated.
Teaching career
In 1820 Polly started her teaching career in Saint-Armand, giving lessons in private homes where she was making 4 livres a week. She was able to pay her room and board through weaving and other crafting activities to make money on the side. She moved to Sutton Township with her family, where she became the schoolmaster in 1834. As the schoolmaster, Barber made $1 a week in addition to room and board.
Farming career
Around 1834 Barber married Stephen Scovill Jr, a farmer from Sutton Township, who possessed 250 acres of land. They were able to produce large quantities of wool and cloth. They had a successful farm when her husband died on November 7, 1847, leaving her a widow and pregnant at the age of 44. She was able to carry on developing the farm, raising children, and starting a successful clothing factory. In 1861 her farm cost $5,000. She managed to educate her daughters and her son, Smith, whom she established on a land within the township. Later, because of health problems, she left the farm near Abercorn to her eldest daughter, Judith Smith.
She spent her last years with her daughter, Julia, and her son-in-law at Scottsmore in Dunham Township. On January 8, 1880, she wrote her last will and testament, where she divided all her property equally among her children. She died on February 23, 1898, at the age of 95 years old.
Legacy
The widow Scovill impacted history because she rose above the prejudices that were prevalent toward a woman in business at that time. She set an example that was beneficial to future women in business.
References
1803 births
1898 deaths
Canadian schoolteachers
People from Montérégie
Gilbert Walker Kelly (July 23, 1878 – 1948) was an American football player and coach. He served as the second head football coach at the University of Tennessee in 1901, compiling a record of 3–3–2. Kelley replaced J. A. Pierce, the initial occupant of the newly created position. Before coaching at Tennessee, he played at Princeton University.
Head coaching record
References
1878 births
1948 deaths
Princeton Tigers football players
Tennessee Volunteers football coaches
Players of American football from Washington, D.C.
Hamsin () is a 1982 Israeli drama film directed by Daniel Wachsmann. The film was selected as the Israeli entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 55th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Cast
Yasein Shawaf
Ruth Geller as Malka
Hemda Levi as Hava
See also
List of submissions to the 55th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Israeli submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
1982 films
1982 drama films
Israeli drama films
1980s Hebrew-language films
Films directed by Daniel Wachsmann
Ramsbottom is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Bury, Greater Manchester, England, and includes the villages of Holcombe and Summerseat and the surrounding countryside. The area is unparished, and it contains 52 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, one is listed at Grade II*, the middle grade, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The area is partly agricultural, partly industrial, and partly residential. The listed buildings include farmhouses and farm buildings, private houses and associated structures, churches and items in churchyards, a hotel, public houses, a hall, an engineering works and a mill, a former railway goods shed, a monument, and a telephone kiosk.
Key
Buildings
Notes and references
Notes
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in Greater Manchester
Buildings and structures in the Metropolitan Borough of Bury
Listed
Chifeng Road () is a station on Shanghai Metro Line 3. The station opened on 26 December 2000 as part of the initial section of Line 3 from to .
References
Line 3, Shanghai Metro
Shanghai Metro stations in Hongkou District
Railway stations in China opened in 2000
Railway stations in Shanghai
Birstall is a large village and civil parish within the Charnwood borough of Leicestershire, England. It is three miles north of Leicester city centre and is part of the wider Leicester Urban Area.
It is the largest village in Charnwood, with a population only marginally lower than the neighbouring town of Syston at the 2001 census.
The village
Birstall lies on the A6 and is the last major settlement before Leicester when arriving from the north. Birstall thus forms part of the Leicester Urban Area. The village centre lies just off the A6, along Sibson Road. The village contains two supermarkets, a garden centre and a variety of other shops. There are a number of schools, including Highcliffe Primary School, Riverside Primary School, Hallam Fields Primary School and The Cedars Academy. The village contains the Church of St James the Great, Birstall, the St Teresa Roman Catholic church and Birstall Methodist Church.
There is a large housing estate in the north-west of the village, leading off Greengate Lane.
The Grand Union Canal runs through the bottom end of the village, separating it from Watermead Country Park, a series of lakes in the bottom of the Soar Valley, which have been set aside as a recreational area and country park.
The Great Central Railway steam railway has its southern terminus near the village, where the A6 meets the Leicester outer ringroad at Red Hill Circle. Just north of Red Hill Circle, and west of the A6, is Red Hill filling station, which became a Grade II listed building in 2012. The railway also forms the boundary of the southern end of Birstall Golf Club.
To the north of the village, the A6 meets the A46 Leicester Western Bypass and then continues on towards Loughborough along the Soar Valley.
The symbol of Birstall is a Cedar tree. The original tree stands in Roman Road. It was once in the grounds of the now demolished Birstall Hall.
The local Air Training Corps unit is 1947(Birstall) Squadron.
The area of the Parish is .
History
The village's name means 'settlement built on the site of a fortification'.
Saxon remnants have been found in the village and surrounding area. The village was called Burstalle in the Domesday Book when it belonged to Hugh de Grandmesnil. Willard held these lands for Hugh and the of meadow and a mill were said to be worth three ounces of gold. The village was a small one until the arrival of the Great Central Railway in 1899. From then onwards development has continued and still continues to-day. Between 1901 and the 2001 the population grew from 611 to over 11,000.
Hallam Fields
A new housing development called 'Hallam Fields' commenced construction in 2006 and was well advanced by 2008. It occupies land to the west of the A6, between the 'Gates' estate and the A46. The development will take ten years to complete, consisting of up to 900 properties including schools, shops, offices, industrial units and a fire station. It has been described as a mini Poundbury. By April 2010 it had 11 streets. These are Archdale Close, Bridge Green, Dale Close, Far Pastures Road, Halfpenny Close, Hallam Fields Road, Little Connery Lees, Pinfold Close, Brook Furlong Drive, Palmer Square and Lady Augusta Road. North of the development, on the roundabout connecting the A46 and A6 is a new service area with a KFC, a Shell petrol station and an Ibis Budget.
Places and buildings within the village
Schools:
Highcliffe primary school
Riverside primary school
Hallam fields primary school
The Cedars Academy
Note: Longslade Community College and Stonehill high school merged to become Cedars Academy
Shops:
One main supermarket
One garden centre
Various shops along Sibson road
Community facilities:
Library on Wanlip Lane
Parish Council offices
Parks:
Watermead Country Park
School Lane recreational park
Harrogate park
Golf club:
Birstall Golf Club - founded in 1901 - one of the first golf clubs in Leicestershire
Pubs / clubs
Birstall has 3 pubs and 3 social clubs. The White Horse Pub dates from the time the canal was constructed
Transport
The main village areas of Wanlip Lane and Harrowgate Drive are served by Centrebus service 22A while the A6 corridor is served by buses between Leicester and Loughborough operated by Kinchbus service 2 (until 4 September 2022), Skylink and Arriva Midlands services 126 and 127.
The Birstall Park and Ride service is at the northern end of the village and is operated by Roberts Travel Group.
Neighbouring villages
The closest village to Birstall is Wanlip, a smaller village, with the village of Rothley being the next closest. The villages of Thurmaston and Syston are also nearby as well as Thurcaston. Birstall shares its southern border with the City of Leicester.
Twin towns
Rixensart, Walloon Brabant, Belgium
References
Villages in Leicestershire
Civil parishes in Leicestershire
Borough of Charnwood
Lindsey Lake is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Amar Naeem (born 18 June 1979) is an Austrian cricketer. He played for Austria in the 2011 ICC European T20 Championship Division One tournament. In September 2018, he was the leading run-scorer for Austria in Group A of the 2018–19 ICC World Twenty20 Europe Qualifier tournament, with 100 runs in five matches.
References
1979 births
Living people
Austrian cricketers
Cricketers from Faisalabad
Wicket-keepers
An ancient underground quarry in the Jordan Valley was discovered in 2009 by University of Haifa archeologists. The quarry is located about 3 miles (5 km) north of Jericho, West Bank.
Description
The cave is located in the desert north of Jericho, 10 metres (40 ft) beneath the surface. It spans more than 1-acre (0.4-hectare) and its main hall is supported by 22 pillars. Various symbols, including Byzantine crosses, a zodiac-like symbol and Roman numerals are engraved upon the pillars. An etched Roman legion's pennant indicates that it was used by the Roman Army. The cave was dug around 2,000 years ago and served as a large quarry during the Roman era. The chamber's run as a quarry likely lasted approximately 400 to 500 years. It may subsequently have been used as a monastery and some believe it may have marked a biblical site which became sacred to ancient Christians. Others, while admitting the possibility that the cave could have been associated with monastic activity, claimed that the etched crosses alone cannot confirm the existence of a church, since they may have been made by random pilgrims which was a common phenomenon at the time.
Adam Zertal, who led the expedition, contends that the spot may mark the ancient site named Galgala. Referring to the Byzantine era Madaba map, he notes a site called Galgala is depicted next to an inscription that reads "Dodekaliton", which translates as "Twelve Stones". The place is marked at a distance from Jericho that matches the cave's distance from the city. The map shows a church next to Dodekaliton and today the remains of two ancient churches are located near the cave. Zertal suggests that the meaning of "Twelve Stones" relates to the biblical verses that describe the twelve stones that the Children of Israel placed in Gilgal and may be understood as a reference to the quarry that was dug in the place the Byzantines identified as Gilgal.
References
External links
Photographs
Underground Christian Cave From 1st Century A.D. Exposed Near Jericho
Media
'Largest' Holy Land cave found
Archaeological sites in the West Bank
Caves of the State of Palestine
Jordan River basin
Jeeja Ghosh is an Indian disability rights activist. She was born with cerebral palsy.
Early life and education
She completed her schools from the Indian Institute of Cerebral Palsy and La Martiniere for Girls, Kolkata (Calcutta), India. She graduated with Honours in Sociology from Presidency College in Kolkata. She is a qualified social worker (MSW) from the Delhi School of Social Work, Delhi University. In 2006 she completed her second masters in Disability Studies from Leeds University, United Kingdom.
Career
Ghosh has been involved in the social sector for more than two decades. She believes in the rights-based approach and dignity of all human beings. She has been a part of the disabled people's movement and is connected to other disability rights activists across India. Her special interest is women with disabilities.
Ghosh conducted workshops and presented papers in various seminars and conferences in both national and international forums like International Society for Augmentative and Alternative Communication (ISAAC), British Council etc. She has been felicitated by the West Bengal Commission for Women on the International Women's Day. She received the Shri N.D. Diwan Memorial Award for Outstanding Professional Services in Rehabilitation of Persons with Disabilities by the National Society for Equal Opportunities of the Handicapped (NASEOH), Mumbai. She received the Role Model Award from the Office of the Disability Commissioner, Government of West Bengal. She has been felicitated by the Telegraph, Friends FM and other groups. She is the main protagonist of landmark judgement (Jeeja Ghosh & anr. Vs SpiceJet & ors.) of the Supreme Court of India for equal rights of persons with disabilities.
Ghosh's interests also lie in writing and creative arts. She has a passion for writing poetry. Recently she acted as a lead supporting character in a film called One Little Finger: Ability in Disability directed by Rupam Sarmah. The film is now in post-production stage. She is also a part of an inclusive theatre group Katha Kalam and is a part of their production Black Hole are Not Black, are play based on the Nirbhaya incident.
A documentary film named I Am Jeeja has been made upon her life produced by PSBT & Doordarshan of India and directed by Swati Chakraborti.
The film I'm Jeeja won the National Film Award 2016 from the Govt. of India as the best film for social issues in the non-feature film category.
She now works for the Indian Institute of Cerebral Palsy as the Head of Advocacy and Disability Studies. Ghosh believes in equality of all people. To change society and creating a place for persons with disabilities and other marginalized groups, she feels strongly that there needs to be a change in perspective the way these groups are viewed and understood.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
People with cerebral palsy
Social workers
Activists from Delhi
Women educators from Delhi
Educators from Delhi
Social workers from Delhi
Indian disability rights activists
Indian people with disabilities
Presidency University, Kolkata alumni
Edith Hoelzl is an Austrian para-alpine skier. She represented Austria at the 1984 Winter Paralympics and at the 1988 Winter Paralympics. In total, she won two gold medals, one silver medal and one bronze medal.
Achievements
See also
List of Paralympic medalists in alpine skiing
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Paralympic alpine skiers of Austria
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Paralympics
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Paralympics
Medalists at the 1984 Winter Paralympics
Medalists at the 1988 Winter Paralympics
Paralympic gold medalists for Austria
Paralympic silver medalists for Austria
Paralympic bronze medalists for Austria
Austrian female alpine skiers
Paralympic medalists in alpine skiing
20th-century Austrian women
21st-century Austrian women
Sadaa Suhagan () is a 1986 Hindi-language drama film, produced by Vijay Soorma, Rajeev Kumar for Vidya Shree Films and directed by T. Rama Rao. It stars Jeetendra and Rekha. The music was composed by Laxmikant-Pyarelal. It is remade of the Tamil movie Dheerga Sumangali (1974) which was remade in Telugu as Dheerga Sumangali (1974), in Kannada as Bhagyavantharu (1974) and in Malayalam as Aayiram Janmangal (1976). At the box office it was a hit.
Plot
Laxmi is a caring and virtuous wife. Raj Shekhar is an equally loving and faithful husband. He is an excellent provider and she plays the nurturer's role to perfection. They have two sons and a daughter. Rajshekhar was an orphan. He remained deprived of love until he married Laxmi. She came from a disturbed home with an alcoholic father and a scheming stepmother. Rajshekhar and Laxmi created a stable, happy family.
All is well until the children grow up. The eldest son, Ravi (Govinda), becomes involved with Madhu (Anuradha Patel), the daughter of a woman of ill-repute. Rajshekhar objects to this and Ravi leaves home. The second son, Shashi (Alankar Joshi), is caught red-handed after stealing money from his father and letting the domestic help (Mohan Choti) take the blame. Shashi is also turned out of the house. Rajshekhar and Laxmi discuss the marriage of their daughter, Babli (Sheela David), with the son of their friends. However, Babli refuses, saying that her mother wasted her life as a homemaker and she would not like to do the same.
The once-happy home is a mess. Rajshekhar develops a heart problem and Laxmi takes him to the family doctor. While the doctor is checking Rajshekhar, Laxmi becomes unconscious for a short time. She is examined and the result is shocking: she has an advanced case of cancer, with only a few days remaining of her life. Rajshekhar requests the doctor not to inform her about this. He decides that his wife's last days should be as happy as possible. He finds Ravi, working as a petrol pump attendant and married to Madhu. Rajshekhar tells them about Laxmi's illness and begs them to return home for her sake. They obey. Then he traces Shashi and brings him back. Babli changes her mind on her own and decides to marry the son of her parent's friends. Madhu takes over the running of the household. She and Ravi are expecting a child. Laxmi is satisfied that unity and harmony are prevailing in her family. Everyone celebrates the twenty-fifth wedding anniversary of Laxmi and Rajshekhar. Back in their room, Laxmi collapses in her husband's arms; at the same moment, he has a heart attack. When the family members enter the room, they find Laxmi and Rajshekhar's bodies, joined in death as in life.
Cast
Jeetendra as Raj Shekhar
Rekha as Laxmi
Govinda as Ravi
Utpal Dutt as Pratap Singh
Shafi Inamdar as Vinod
Aruna Irani as Sujata
Shubha Khote as Laxmi's Stepmother
Anuradha Patel as Madhu
Alankar Joshi as Shashi
Sheela Sharma as Babli
Mohan Choti as Servant
Box office
The movie was very successful at the Box Office India website and well-appreciated by the audience. Made on a budget of ₹13.5m, the movie earned ₹71m worldwide and was declared a hit.
Soundtrack
Lyrics: Anand Bakshi
References
External links
1980s Hindi-language films
1986 films
Films directed by T. Rama Rao
Films scored by Laxmikant–Pyarelal
Hindi remakes of Tamil films
The statue of Henry Irving is located on the grounds of the National Portrait Gallery along Charing Cross Road in London, United Kingdom. It was erected on 12 May 1910 by English actors and actresses and others related to British theatre in a campaign organized by the Irving Memorial Committee. It was installed on land donated by the City of Westminster. The Irving Society hosts a wreath-laying ceremony at the statue on 6 February each year, commemorating the actor's birth. The bronze statue and Portland stone pedestal is by the sculptor Thomas Brock and is Grade II listed.
References
External links
Henry Irving - Charing Cross Road, London, UK at Waymarking.com
1910 sculptures
1910 establishments in the United Kingdom
Irving, Henry
Monuments and memorials in London
Outdoor sculptures in London
Sculptures by Thomas Brock
Irving, Henry
Katherine Henderson (born June 23, 1909; date of death unknown) was an American classic female blues singer. Most of her recording sessions took place in Long Island City, New York, in October and November 1928.
Career
Henderson was born in St. Louis, Missouri. She was the niece of Eva Taylor and Clarence Williams.
As a child, she performed in minstrel shows and on the vaudeville circuit. In the late 1920s, she recorded around ten songs, which were issued by Brunswick Records and QRS Records. In 1927, she starred in Bottomland, an ill-fated New York–based stage musical written by Williams. The show included the song "Take Your Black Bottom Dance Outside", which Henderson recorded. In 1928, she married John Jackson.
Henderson continued performing until 1944, long after her recording career was over.
According to Derrick Stewart-Baxter, Henderson's vocal style was marred by "more than a suspicion of ham", as "she put her material across in a rather lachrymose manner".
She was unrelated to Fletcher, Horace, Edmonia, and Rosa Henderson.
Selected discography
See also
List of classic female blues singers
References
External links
Katherine Henderson 1909-? Red Hot Jazz Archive
"West End Blues" on Youtube
1909 births
Year of death missing
Place of death missing
20th-century African-American women singers
American blues singers
Classic female blues singers
Brunswick Records artists
Musicians from St. Louis
Singers from Missouri
"Conspiracy of Silence" is the twenty-third episode of the second series of the 1960s cult British spy-fi television series The Avengers, starring Patrick Macnee and Honor Blackman. It was first broadcast in the Teledu Cymru region of the ITV network on Friday 1 March 1963. ABC Weekend TV, who produced the show for ITV, broadcast it the next day in its own regions. The episode was directed by Peter Hammond and written by Roger Marshall.
Plot
Steed and Cathy investigate a Mafia drugs gang using a travelling circus as a front. Clowning around leads a nosy journalist to use her judo.
Cast
Patrick Macnee as John Steed
Honor Blackman as Cathy Gale
Robert Rietti as Carlo Bennett
Sandra Dorne as Rickie Bennett
Alec Mango as Sica
Roy Purcell as Gutman
Tommy Godfrey as Arturo
John Church as Terry
Artro Morris as James
Willie Shearer as Professor
Ian Wilson as Rant
References
External links
Episode overview on The Avengers Forever! website
The Avengers (season 2) episodes
1963 British television episodes
is a private junior college in Tatebayashi, Gunma, Japan, established in 1950. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1924. The school is affiliated with the Kanto Gakuen University, located in Ōta, Gunma. The school currently specializes only in children's education, providing licensed accreditation for kindergarten and nursery school teachers.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1924
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Gunma Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
Tatebayashi, Gunma
1924 establishments in Japan
Storm Catchers by Tim Bowler is a book is filled with mystery, drama, and adventure, based on a kidnap in the middle of a storm. It was first published in 2001.
Fin is devastated when his sister is kidnapped. Poor Ella, snatched away from their isolated family home in the middle of a raging storm. Fin will never forgive himself for leaving her on her own. Still, at least they'll get her back when they've paid the money.
But the kidnapper has more than just money on his mind. And as his plans unfold, Fin and his family are forced to confront their deepest, darkest secrets.
Characters
These are the main characters that appear in the book:
Ella Parnell: she was kidnapped in the middle of a storm.
Fin Parnell: Ella's older brother.
Sam Parnell: Ella and Fin's little brother, who hallucinates about things.
Peter Parnell: Sam, Ella and Fin's dad.
Susan Parnell: Sam, Ella and Fin's mother.
Billy Meade: Fin's best friend.
Angela Meade: Ella's best friend.
Mr Meade: Peter's friend, and Billy and Angela's dad.
Mrs Meade: Susan's friend, and Billy and Angela's mum.
Ricky Prescott: the kidnapper, Imogen's older brother
Imogen Prescott: Peter Parnell's and Lindy Prescott's daughter, the one Sam hallucinates about
Lindy Prescott: who Fin's dad fornicated with;mum of Ricky and Imogen
Edward Soriano: Adopted son of Peter and Susan Parnell
External links
Author's website
2001 British novels
British young adult novels
Novels by Tim Bowler
Novels about kidnapping
Works set in lighthouses
Oxford University Press books
Rain's 'A Comin' is the second album released by Children 18:3. Christian music website Jesus Freak Hideout named Children 18:3's upcoming project as the website's fourth most anticipated album of the year. In 2009 and 2010, they frequently played unreleased songs on tour, including "Jack O Lantern Dreams", "Cover Your Eyes", "Evonne", "The Whispering Well", "The Carnival", "Whispering" and "Oh, Honestly!" Many of these songs made it onto the new album, which the band began recording in mid-December 2009 in Nashville. Rain's A Comin' was made available for a listening party on Jesus Freak Hideout on June 22, 2010. The album was released on June 29, 2010 with a music video for "Cover Your Eyes" was released on June 30, 2010.
After recording the album, Children 18:3 briefly toured Minnesota, North Dakota, and South Dakota with former Korn guitarist Brian Head Welch in April 2010.
The album peaked at #23 on the Billboard Heatseekers Albums chart during July 2010.
Track listing
Rain's 'A Comin' - 1:42
Cover Your Eyes - 2:09
The Cruel One - 2:41
Whispering - 1:08
Hey Driftwood (Tides) - 4:04
Oh Bravo - 3:12
Oh Honestly - 3:01
Wonder I - 3:12
Stronger - 3:34
Jack 'O' Lantern Dreams - 2:09
Lost So Long - 4:51
The Last Laugh - 1:36
Personnel
David Hostetter, Jr. – vocals, guitar
Lee Marie Hostetter – bass guitar, vocals, backing vocals
Seth Hostetter – drums
References
Tooth & Nail Records albums
2010 albums
Children 18:3 albums
pt:Children 18:3 (álbum)
Olle Hellström (born 1 January 1936) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a defender. He made 127 Allsvenskan appearances for Djurgårdens IF and scored four goals. He also played international games for Team Sweden.
Honours
Djurgårdens IF
Allsvenskan: 1959, 1964
References
Living people
1936 births
Association football defenders
Swedish footballers
Sweden international footballers
Allsvenskan players
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
The Beishan Old Western-style House () is a historical house in Jinsha Township, Kinmen County, Taiwan.
History
Construction of the house began around 1918 or 1919 for the Wang family and was completed in 1932. The house was seized by the Imperial Japanese Army in 1937 and returned to the family in 1946. In 1954, the house was taken by the Republic of China Army. From 1956 to 1965, it was used as a storage depot for engineering materials. In 2015, the house was declared a historical building. On 29 September 2021, restoration work on the house began in a ceremony attended by Magistrate Yang Cheng-wu and descendants of the original owners. The restoration work was expected to cost around NT$40 million.
Architecture
The house was constructed with Western and Hokkien architectural elements. Its exterior walls feature relief sculptures and the front of the house features totems.
See also
List of tourist attractions in Taiwan
References
1932 establishments in China
Buildings and structures in Kinmen County
Houses completed in 1932
Houses in Taiwan
Tourist attractions in Kinmen County
The De Mond Nature Reserve, in the Overberg between Struisbaai and Arniston, Western Cape, South Africa has been a Ramsar site wetland since 1986.
The reserve covers the mouth of the Heuningnes River and covers . Shifting dunes block the river's mouth and serve as a breeding ground for various species of birds. The area is also a habitat for reptiles, crustaceans, and seahorses.
It is composed of different coastal vegetation communities, including dune milkwood forests and salt marshes making up the estuarine environment.
References
Nature reserves in South Africa
Ramsar sites in South Africa
Gabriele Köllmann is a former West German slalom canoeist who competed from the late 1970s to the early 1980s.
She won two medals in the K-1 team event at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with a gold in 1981 and a silver in 1979.
References
Overview of athlete's results at canoeslalom.net
West German female canoeists
Possibly living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
Mark William O'Connell (born June 25, 1964) is a Canadian-born American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. As of 2016, he is an auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Boston for the north region of the archdiocese.
Biography
Early life
Mark O'Connell was born in Toronto, Ontario on June 25, 1964 to Thomas F. and Margaret M. (Delaney) O'Connell, both American citizens who were the children of Irish immigrants. His father Thomas was a librarian at York University and later at Boston College. The family returned to Massachusetts when Mark O'Connell was age 12. He graduated from Dover-Sherborn High School in Dover, Massachusetts, in 1982.
O'Connell earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in English and philosophy at Boston College in 1986 and studied for the priesthood at Saint John's Seminary in Boston.
Priesthood
O'Connell was ordained into the priesthood by Cardinal Bernard Law for the Archdiocese of Boston on June 16, 1990. After his ordination, O'Connell served in parishes in Woburn and Danvers and as a college chaplain at Salem State College, all in Massachusetts.
O'Connell undertook studies in canon law starting in 1997 at the Pontifical Athenaeum of the Holy Cross in Rome, completing his licentiate degree in 1999 and his doctorate in 2002. O'Connell's dissertation was titled The Mobility of Secular Clerics and Incardination. After returning to Boston, he joined the canonical affairs staff of the archdiocese in 2001 and was appointed judicial vicar in 2007.
From 2009 to 2012, O'Connell served as a senior consultor to the Canon Law Society of America. He has also served on the faculty of Saint John's Seminary and Pope St. John XXIII National Seminary. From 2011 to 2014, O'Connell was a co-host on the daily radio program The Good Catholic Life, broadcast on radio station WQOM in Boston.
Auxiliary Bishop of Boston
On June 3, 2016, Pope Francis appointed O'Connell as an auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Boston and titular bishop of Gigthi in Tripolitana. He was consecrated on August 24, 2016 at the Cathedral of the Holy Cross in Boston by Cardinal Seán O'Malley. O'Connell also serves as pastor of St. Theresa's Parish in North Reading, Massachusetts.
See also
Catholic Church hierarchy
Catholic Church in the United States
Historical list of the Catholic bishops of the United States
List of the Catholic bishops of the United States
Lists of patriarchs, archbishops, and bishops
References
External links
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston Official Site
1964 births
Living people
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the United States
Clergy from Toronto
Pontifical University of the Holy Cross alumni
Roman Catholic clergy from Boston
Bishops appointed by Pope Francis
Tim Harding may refer to:
Tim Harding (musician) (born 1978), Australian musician and entertainer
Tim Harding (chess player) (born 1948), chess author, player and historian
See also
Tim Hardin (1941–1980), American musician and composer
The 2013 Women's Hockey Africa Cup of Nations was the sixth edition of the Women's Hockey Africa Cup of Nations, the quadrennial international women's field hockey championship of Africa organised by the African Hockey Federation. It was held in Nairobi, Kenya from 18 to 23 November 2013.
The winner qualified for the 2014 Women's Hockey World Cup.
Results
Preliminary round
Third place game
Final
Final standings
Goalscorers
See also
2013 Men's Hockey Africa Cup of Nations
References
External links
Official website
Women's Hockey Africa Cup of Nations
Africa Cup of Nations
Hockey Africa Cup of Nations
Sport in Nairobi
International field hockey competitions hosted by Kenya
Hockey Africa Cup of Nations
2010s in Nairobi
Africa Cup of Nations
9 () is a Canadian comedy-drama film, which was released in 2016. Adapted from Stéphane E. Roy's theatrical play 9 Variations on the Void (Neuf variations sur le vide), the film is an anthology of nine short films by nine different film directors on the theme of communication difficulties, unified by the common narrative element of a conference on communication by self-help guru Marc Gélinas (played by Roy). Segments were directed by Roy, Claude Brie, Érik Canuel, Jean-Philippe Duval, Marc Labrèche, Micheline Lanctôt, Luc Picard, Éric Tessier and Ricardo Trogi.
Segments
"Abus" (Roy) - Annabelle (Anne-Marie Cadieux) and Christian (Christian Bégin) are a married couple who play manipulative games with each other.
"Subitement" (Picard) – An actor receives a call informing him of his partner's sudden death, becoming trapped in a circle of hollow communication as the people around him don't know how to meaningfully express themselves around death. With Alexis Martin, Sophie Cadieux, Charlotte Aubin.
"Fuite" (Trogi) – A couple (Hélène Bourgeois Leclerc and Pierre-François Legendre) run into conflict while travelling in Brussels.
"Hystérie" (Duval) – A director (François Papineau) and an actress (Bénédicte Décary) working together on a television commercial are interested in each other, but play tricks on each other as they struggle to communicate their real feelings.
"Je me souviens" (Lanctôt) – At a reunion, two old friends (Anne-Élisabeth Bossé, Magalie Lépine-Blondeau) are unexpectedly confronted with the revelation that one has no recollection at all of the shared experience that defined their friendship for the other.
"Halte Routière" (Canuel) – Two truck drivers (Nicolas Canuel, Maxim Gaudette) meet at a truck stop and engage in a game of sexual attraction and rejection.
"Banqueroute" (Brie) – A man returning from a trip goes to the bank to withdraw money, only to be told that his account is empty. With Sylvain Marcel, Marianne Farley, Diane Lavallée and Goûchy Boy.
"Le lecteur" (Labrèche) – A man's attempt to buy a DVD player evolves into an existential discussion with the salesman. Starring Labrèche and Marc Fournier.
"Eccéité" (Tessier) – Marc Gélinas must confront the accuracy of his own teachings when he reunites with an ex-girlfriend (Noémie Godin-Vigneau).
References
External links
2016 films
2016 comedy-drama films
2016 LGBT-related films
Canadian comedy-drama films
Canadian anthology films
Canadian LGBT-related films
Films directed by Érik Canuel
Films directed by Micheline Lanctôt
Films directed by Luc Picard
Films directed by Ricardo Trogi
Films shot in Montreal
Films set in Montreal
LGBT-related comedy-drama films
Films directed by Éric Tessier
Films directed by Jean-Philippe Duval
2010s French-language films
French-language Canadian films
2010s Canadian films
Wang Qiucen (, 1913–1993), born in Jiangsu Province, was a Chinese painter who specialized in traditional Chinese portrait and landscape paintings.
Wang was apprenticed in Shanghai at the age of 12. By 1940, he was already well-recognized in the artistic community, having held several personal exhibitions in Shanghai and Chongqing. Many celebrities, including Shi Liang, He Luting, Zhu Xuefan, Liu Yazi and Qian Xiaoshan were among his friends at the time. His biggest patron was rumored to be Du Yuesheng, the infamous "Godfather" of Shanghai. He joined Kuomintang and held civil positions in the 1930s in the Shanghai Municipality. After the Communist Party took over China in 1949, he was determined to be "anti-revolutionary", was physically tortured in 1959 and forced to repent in writing for his political belief. In the 1960s, he was again forced to the countryside for "re-education". He continued to paint, even during his exile. The majority of the works that bear his seal were created during this period.
After the 1980s, he was finally released from the exile and was invited by Suzhou government to help found one of the municipality's major export-oriented enterprises as its principal art designer. However, due to his political history, he was never allowed to be recognized publicly or to hold any significant position under the communist rule.
His works are collected by Ashmolean Museum in Oxford, UK, and Asian Art Museum in San Francisco.
References
1913 births
1993 deaths
Painters from Changzhou
Republic of China painters
Chinese portrait painters
Ruslan Adilkhanovich Dibirghadzhiyev (, ; born 20 July 1988, Dagestan) is an Avar Russian naturalized Azerbaijani freestyle wrestler. He competed at the 70 kg division in the 2014 European Wrestling Championships and won the gold medal after beating Grigor Grigoryan of Armenia.
References
External links
Living people
1988 births
Wrestlers at the 2015 European Games
European Games medalists in wrestling
European Games bronze medalists for Azerbaijan
Azerbaijani male sport wrestlers
European Wrestling Championships medalists
(Carl Heinrich) Eduard Knoblauch (born 25 September 1801 in Berlin; died 29 May 1865 in Berlin) was a German architect.
Eduard Knoblauch was born in his family's house on Poststraße 23 in the Nikolaiviertel neighborhood in Berlin, Germany. He studied at the Berliner Bauakademie under Karl Friedrich Schinkel successfully passing a series of examinations (1818 Feldmesserprüfung, 1822 Kondukteurprüfung, 1828 Baumeisterprüfung). He was one of the co-founders of the Architektenvereins (architects' society) in Berlin in 1824 and was on its executive board until 1862. He edited the Zeitschrift für Bauwesen (Journal for Building) for many years.
After the conclusion of his studies in 1828 he traveled in Germany and Holland. Together with fellow architect Friedrich August Stüler he traveled in 1829/1830 to France, Switzerland and Italy. He married Julie Verhuven in 1831 and had with her two sons and four daughters.
He and his wife are buried in the St. Marien- und St. Nikolai Cemetery in Berlin.
Works
His buildings include:
Russische Botschaft (Russian Embassy) (renovation), 1840-41 [destroyed 1945], Berlin, Germany
Schloss Görlsdorf, 1843 [destroyed 1945], Angermünde, Germany
Schloss Kröchlendorff, 1848, Nordwestuckermark, Germany
Schloss Schlemmin, 1850, Schlemmin, Germany
Schloss Lanke, (renovation), 1858, Wandlitz, Germany
Neue Synagoge, 1859-66 [bomb-damaged 1943, rebuilt 1995], Berlin, Germany
His son Gustav (1833–1916) was also an architect, as was his grandson Arnold (1879–1963), both of Berlin. His son Carl Eduard (Charles Edward) (1837–1886) was a businessman in London and New York City.
References
Annette Bossmann, Drei Architekten in Berlin. Berlin: Märkisches Museum, 1993
Azra Charbonnier, Carl Heinrich Eduard Knoblauch (1801-1865): Architekt der Burgertums. Munich: Deutscher Kunstverlag, 2007
1801 births
1865 deaths
Architects from Berlin
19th-century German architects
Quark CopyDesk (often only CopyDesk) is a professional word processing software product made by Quark, Inc.
There are two versions of Quark CopyDesk available: One is sold with Quark's editorial system QPS and one is sold standalone. Both versions are tightly integrated with QuarkXPress.
Functions
Quark CopyDesk is primarily used by newspapers and magazines to write, edit and style text (copy). The software includes standard word processing features such as spell check, track changes and word count. Its integration with QuarkXPress allows exact copy fitting information and previews, which ensures the editor to see whether the text fits correctly in the corresponding QuarkXPress layout and to control hyphenation.
Since 1999, InCopy from Adobe is a direct competitor to Quark CopyDesk, which was launched in 1991.
Quark CopyDesk offers three viewing modes: Story, Galley and WYSIWYG. The Story mode displays the story text across the screen's entire width without formatting. This provides an interface for users more comfortable with traditional word processors to read and edit copy and allows text to be seen larger and in a different font than it would appear in the layout.
The Galley mode also displays the text without formatting, but shows style sheets that have been applied to the copy and also the correct hyphenation and line endings. Galley mode shows copy as one column wide and - via visual markers - also shows jumps and column breaks.
However, the Galley mode lacks a true representation of the design and layout – these features are reserved for the WYSIWYG mode. This view shows a page representation and the text with all its formatting. However, the editor can only edit text or add pictures, which is also a substantial benefit as it prevents editors from deliberately or accidentally altering the layout itself.
History
Quark CopyDesk 1.0 (1991): Support for QuarkXPress 3, Mac only version
Quark CopyDesk 2.0 (1998): Support for QuarkXPress 4, adds Windows support
Quark CopyDesk 2.2 (2003): Support for QuarkXPress 5
Quark CopyDesk 3.0 (2004): Support for QuarkXPress 6, supports Mac OS X
Quark CopyDesk 3.5 (2006)
Quark CopyDesk 3.6 (2007)
Quark CopyDesk 7 (2007): Support for QuarkXPress 7, picture editing, redlining, Mac Intel version
Quark CopyDesk 8 (2008): Support for QuarkXPress 8
Quark CopyDesk 9 (2011): Support for QuarkXPress 9
See also
Quark Publishing System
External links
Quark CopyDesk Official Page
Independent review
Another review
Typesetting software
Word processors
1991 software
Claire Watt-Smith (born 1984) is an English entrepreneur.
Watt-Smith studied at Royal Holloway, University of London, gaining a BSc in Management Studies with French in 2005 and a Masters in European Business and Spanish in 2006. At the age of 25, Watt-Smith founded BoBelle a luxury accessories company, in 2009. The headquarters are in Somerset House, London.
In 2008, Watt-Smith was named one of the "Future 100 Young Entrepreneurs Of The Year". She has taken part in the Inspire & Mentor campaign of the magazine Marie Claire, in association with The Prince's Trust. In 2010, Watt-Smith was selected as one of 35 high-flying women featured by Management Today. She has been featured in magazines including Business Review, Cosmopolitan, Eve, Look, and Style.
References
External links
Claire Watt-Smith home page on LinkedIn
Claire Watt-Smith articles in The Huffington Post
BoBelle website
1984 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Alumni of Royal Holloway, University of London
English businesspeople
English women in business
Eyes of Innocence is the 8th studio album released by the Miami Sound Machine, and their first English language studio album, released in 1984.
Background
Eyes of Innocence was the first mainstream release by the Miami Sound Machine. It became the band's breakthrough album due to the success of the lead single, "Dr. Beat", a top 20 hit in Australia, the United Kingdom and other places in Europe. "Dr. Beat" was the most successful cut from the album; the song utilizes synthesizers and dance rhythms of the time, but distinguished itself from other pop music of the era through the inclusion of Latin sounds.
The second single, "Prisoner of Love", was released exclusively to the European market. However, the song, which had a similar sound to the previous single, was a commercial failure, only reaching number #98 in the UK Singles Chart. Due to the failure of "Prisoner of Love", a different single was released to the American market, "I Need a Man", but it failed to enter any major charts. "I Need Your Love" was issued as a final promo single in the Philippines, again, it failed to impact any chart.
Many of the songs from the album were originally written in Spanish and translated into English, including "Orange Express", which was the main song of the band's previous album A Toda Máquina, and "I Need Your Love", a translation of the song "Regresa a Mí".
As of 2008, Eyes of Innocence has sold more than one million copies worldwide.
Track listing
Personnel
Musicians
Gloria Estefan – lead vocal, background vocals
Emilio Estefan Jr. – percussion
Enrique "Kiki" Garcia – drums
Juan Marcos Avila – bass guitar
Wesley B. Wright – guitar
Roger Fisher – keyboards
Gustavo Lezcano – harmonica
Luis Perez – trombone
Victor Lopez, Leo Villar – trumpet
Betty Cortez – synthesizer
Rubens Basini – guest musician
Joe Galdo – guest musician
Eddie Calle – guest musician
Lawrence Dermer – guest musician
Pablo Flores – guest musician
John Morales – guest musician
Sammy Vargas – guest musician
Production
Emilio Estefan Jr. – producer
Miami Sound Machine – arranger
Hector Garrido – arranger
Lou Pace – arranger
William Sanchez – arranger
Engineer & Mixing: Eric Schilling – engineer, mixing
Joe Arlotta – engineer, mixing
Ted Stein – assistant
Sean Chambers – assistant
Sebastian Krys – assistant
Mark Krieg – assistant
Andrew Roshberg – assistant
Noel Harris – assistant
Geoff Foster – assistant
Lance Phillips – assistant
Javier Vacas – assistant
Design
Alex Sanchez – cover design
Al Freddy – photography
Samy – hair and makeup
Chart positions
Certifications
Release history
References
External links
90millas.com (Official Album Website)
1984 albums
Miami Sound Machine albums
Epic Records albums
Albums produced by Emilio Estefan
Markaz Shabab Al-Am'ari () is a football club based in Am'ari, a refugee camp in Palestine, that plays in the West Bank Premier League. Their home venue is the Faisal Al-Husseini International Stadium, which has a seated capacity of 12,500.
Honours
West Bank Premier League
Winners (2): 1997, 2011
AFC President's Cup
Runners-up (1): 2012
Asian record
AFC President's Cup: 1 appearance
2012: Runners-up
AFC Cup: 1 appearance
2021: Group stage
Continental results
References
Association football clubs established in 1953
Sport in Ramallah
1953 establishments in the West Bank Governorate
Football clubs in the West Bank
John McLeod (1795 – after 1842) was a Scottish-born explorer of Canada, in his capacity as a fur trader with the North West Company and Hudson's Bay Company. He is remembered primarily for his explorations of several major rivers of the southwestern Northwest Territories, southern Yukon Territory, and northern British Columbia.
Fur Trade
McLeod arrived in Montreal, headquarters of the North West Company, in 1816. From there, he was assigned to the Churchill River area as a clerk. Following the merger of the two fur trading companies in 1821, McLeod served at various posts in the Athabasca and Mackenzie River Districts of the Hudson's Bay Company. In 1823, McLeod was assigned as manager of the Fort Simpson fur trading post, located at the junction of the Liard and Mackenzie Rivers, where he would remain nine years as deputy to the Chief Trader. In 1823-24, McLeod completed explorations of nine mountain ranges adjacent to the South Nahanni River, during which he opened trading relations with the Kaska First Nation.
McLeod's most important expedition took place in the summer of 1831. Leaving Fort Simpson on 28 June 1831, McLeod and eight others became the first known Europeans to ascend the Liard River, a major tributary of the Mackenzie River. This expedition also included a partial ascent of the Dease River and ascent of Frances River to Frances Lake (which McLeod mistook for the main branch of the Liard). In sum, McLeod's expedition covered close to 1000 km, and established contact with five First Nations.
Following this trip, Governor George Simpson briefly transferred McLeod to the Montreal Department, and then back to the Mackenzie River District. He was named Chief Trader of Fort Halkett, located near the junction of the Liard and Coal Rivers in 1834. From there, McLeod undertook a second expedition up the Liard as far as the Dease, ascending the Dease to Dease Lake. Journeying over the Arctic-Pacific divide, McLeod also partially descended the Stikine River, encountering coastal First Nations tribes, engaged in trading with the Russians.
After a brief stint at Fort Liard, NWT, McLeod was transferred to Fort Vancouver in the Columbia District in 1835. While there, he undertook a number of assignments, including negotiations with American and Russian fur trading interests. These travels took him as far afield as Northern California and Wyoming.
Later life
After twenty-six years as a fur trader in far-flung remote regions of the continent, the forty-seven-year-old McLeod retired from the Hudson's Bay Company in 1842 and returned to Great Britain, where the subsequent course of his life is unknown.
Legacy
Mount McLeod, west of Dease Lake, British Columbia, is named for him.
External links
Biography at the Dictionary of Canadian Biography online
1795 births
Scottish explorers of North America
Explorers of British Columbia
Canadian fur traders
19th-century deaths
Hudson's Bay Company people
Oregon Country
A Schneemaß is a German alcoholic mixed drink mixed and served in a Maß glass.
Recipe
First a quarter of a litre of Korn (for example Doornkaat) is poured into a Maß. A rough estimate is to fill the Maß up to the upper edge of its first "ring". Four or five large scoops of vanilla ice cream are added to the liquor. Lemonade is added as a mixer and the drink is carefully stirred with a spoon until the ice cream has melted into the drink. The drink can also be mixed with a whisk or a mixer. The drink can be drunk directly from the Maß or through a drinking straw.
Alternative recipes
There are various alternative recipes. A Schneemaß can also be mixed with vodka instead of Korn. A less common alternative is to replace part of the lemonade with Sekt or beer.
Etymology
The name "Schneemaß" (German for "snow measure") comes from the creamy, light foam on top of the drink, consisting of ice cream and lemonade. Because of the sweet, fruity taste masking the significant alcohol content, the Schneemaß is a favoured drink among the youth in the Altbayern area, along with the Goaßmaß and the Laternmaß.
References
Cocktails with beer
Beer in Germany
Jeffrey Michael Jacquet (born October 15, 1966) is a former American actor perhaps best known for his television roles as Eugene in the first season of the ABC sitcom Mork & Mindy and as Jeremy Saldino on the CBS science-fiction adventure series Whiz Kids.
Life and career
Jacquet started his career as a child actor in 1978 in the films Return from Witch Mountain and Bloodbrothers. Later that year, he was cast as Eugene in the first season of Mork & Mindy. Eugene was a 12-year-old kid who was a friend of Mork's, and took violin lessons from Cora, Mindy's grandmother. Jacquet was let go after the first season, when the producers decided to take the show in another direction. When he left the show, he went on to appear in a handful of other projects including Wholly Moses!, Whiz Kids as well as appearances in television shows such as The Jeffersons, Simon & Simon and Our House.
Since retiring from acting, Jacquet has been working as a lawyer in Los Angeles, California since 1993.
Filmography
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
American male child actors
American male television actors
American male film actors
African-American male actors
Male actors from Texas
People from Bay City, Texas
Lawyers from Los Angeles
University of California, Berkeley alumni
UCLA School of Law alumni
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Gianni Lunadei (May 1, 1938 – June 17, 1998) was an Italian Argentine actor. He is considered one of the most versatile actors of his generation, and is best known for his work in Argentine comedy.
Biography
Lunadei was born in Rome in 1938. His mother was a seamstress and his father a brick mason, and the young Lunadei first developed an interest in acting when at age five, his parents introduced him to the cinema and theater. The family struggled during World War II, however, and his mother emigrated to Buenos Aires, Argentina, where Gianni arrived in 1950, followed by his father shortly afterward.
He debuted in the local theater in 1954 playing George in a local production of Arthur Miller's All My Sons, and was later cast in Seán O'Casey's The Shadow of a Gunman and Anton Chekhov's Platonov. His career on the stage flourished, and he worked as a resident actor in the National Comedy for eleven years, and in the General San Martín Theatre for six. Beyond the stage, he had a turn as Count Dracula in a 1968 made-for-television special starring veteran horror film actor Narciso Ibáñez Menta. Among Lunadei's notable stage roles from this era include those in Peter Weiss' Marat/Sade, Carlo Goldoni's Servant of Two Masters, as well as the title role in Pantaleon, a commedia dell'arte work by Argentine playwright Villanueva Cosse. This latter role won Lunadei the city of Mar del Plata's "Star of the Sea" in 1975 with co-star China Zorrilla. He earned a Molière Award for this role, and won a second one in 1977. He married actress Stella Maris Lanzani, and they had four children.
Lunadei ventured into Argentine cinema in 1976 with a minor part in Carlos Galettini's tragedy Juan que reía (Juan Who Once Laughed). He had a leading role in Manuel Antín's Allá lejos y hace tiempo (Long Ago and Far Away, 1978); but in subsequent years he became known for portraying manic characters in picaresque comedy films and on television. Lunadei explained in a 1984 interview that his childhood dream had been to be a clown. One notable exception was his role as the unscrupulous financier Arteche in Fernando Ayala's tragicomic Plata dulce (Sweet Money, 1982), whose title referred to the economic bubble and collapse caused by José Alfredo Martínez de Hoz's financial deregulation policies of the late 1970s.
Lunadei was cast by comedy writer Juan Carlos Mesa in the sitcom Mesa de noticias (News Desk). The prime-time show, which premiered on ATC in December 1983, was set in a struggling network news program, where Lunadei played De La Nata, an obsequious correspondent who showered the hapless programming director (Mesa) with compliments such as "benemérito señor director, le pertenezco" ("I belong to you, my honorable director"), while sabotaging coworkers and dispensing ad hominem attacks such as "infeliz!" ("loser!"/"wretch!") and his trademark interjection: "SHAQ!" (typically with a chopping motion of the hand). The sitcom was a success and ran until New Year's Eve 1987, appealing to audiences of an unusually varied demographic.
Lunadei returned to cinema in a 1987 lampoon of profiteering in the medical industry, La clínica del Doctor Cureta, and in a 1988 film adaptation of cartoonist Horacio Altuna'a Las Puertitas del señor López. Lunadei earned a Konex Award for lifetime achievement in comedy in 1991. He then joined Mesa in a spin-off of Mesa de Noticias, El gordo y el flaco (akin to Laurel and Hardy), which aired from 1991 to 1994, and appeared in a number of sitcoms in subsequent years.
However, Lunadei's often manic on-screen persona belied his struggle with clinical depression. Separated from his wife, he began a relationship with television actress Perla Caron in 1993, and in 1997 moved to her Belgrano home. He continued to work despite his worsening condition, and had memorable roles such as in the mystery mini-series Archivo negro (Black File), for which he was nominated for a Martín Fierro Award in 1997, and in the film-noir El inquietante caso de José Blum (The Troubling Case of José Blum). Alone in Perla Caron's home, he shot himself with a .32 caliber pistol on June 17, 1998. Lunadei was interred in the Actors' Pantheon at La Chacarita Cemetery.
The respected stage, television and film actor was renowned in the local entertainment industry for his improvisational skills. A production company operated by Juan Carlos Mesa and others announced that a remake of Mesa de noticias was being considered; Mesa himself expressed that "bringing back a hit such as that inevitably leads to criticism that it's somehow not the same, and it wouldn't be the same: Gianni is no longer here".
References
External links
Gianni Lunadei at Cinenacional.com
1938 births
1998 deaths
Male actors from Rome
Argentine male stage actors
Argentine male comedians
Argentine television personalities
Suicides by firearm in Argentina
Italian emigrants to Argentina
Burials at La Chacarita Cemetery
20th-century Argentine male actors
Italian expatriates in Argentina
Naturalized citizens of Argentina
20th-century comedians
1998 suicides
Walter Robert John Swinburn (7 August 1961 – 12 December 2016) was a flat racing jockey and trainer who competed in Great Britain and internationally.
Biography
Swinburn was born in Oxford. He was the son of Wally Swinburn, who won the Irish flat racing Champion Jockey title in 1976 and 1977 and was the first jockey to record over 100 winners in an Irish flat season. Nicknamed the "Choirboy", he rode his first winner, Paddy's Luck, on 12 July 1978 at Kempton Park but gained considerable fame for riding the superstar Shergar to victory in The Derby in 1981 by a record 10 lengths. Swinburn went on to win the Derby two more times.
In 1983, he rode All Along to victory in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe then the filly captured 1983 Eclipse Award for Horse of the Year honors with three straight major event wins in North America: the Washington, D.C. International at Laurel, Maryland, the Canadian International Stakes (Rothmans International) at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto, Ontario, and the Turf Classic at Aqueduct Racetrack in Jamaica, New York. In 1996 he rode Pilsudski to victory in the Breeders' Cup Turf at Woodbine Racetrack and the Grosser Preis von Baden at Iffezheim Racecourse in Baden-Baden, Germany.
Swinburn spent four days in a coma after a fall in 1996, which was thought to have caused him to develop epilepsy, and he retired from racing in 2000.
Trainer
After retiring as a winner of numerous Group One races, including eight British Classics, Swinburn began working as a licensed trainer in 2004 and operated Walter Swinburn Racing Stables based at Church Farm in Aldbury, Tring, Hertfordshire. At the end of the 2011 UK Flat Season Walter Swinburn gave up his flat training licence.
Personal life
Swinburn married Alison Harris, the daughter of Peter Harris, a retired horse trainer, entrepreneur and multimillionaire in 2002. They had two daughters, Claudia and Camilla. His family home was Stocks House at Aldbury, a golf spa hotel and resort purchased by Harris in 2004 and converted for domestic use.
Swinburn died in London on 12 December 2016 at the age of 55. An inquest in January 2017 heard that Swinburn had fallen from a bathroom window, and the coroner ruled his death an accident.
References
1961 births
2016 deaths
British horse trainers
English jockeys
People educated at Rockwell College
Sportspeople from Oxford
Hardieopterus is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid classified within the family Hardieopteridae. The genus contains four species, all Silurian in age; H. lanarkensis and H. macrophthalmus from Scotland, H. megalops from England and H. myops from the United States.
See also
List of eurypterids
References
Stylonurina
Silurian arthropods of Europe
Fossils of Great Britain
Silurian arthropods of North America
Silurian eurypterids
Eurypterids of Europe
Eurypterids of North America
Gongfu Xincun () is a station on Shanghai Metro Line 1. This station is part of the northern extension of Line 1 from that opened on 28 December 2004, and from then served as the northern terminus of line 1 until the extension to opened on 29 December 2007.
References
Line 1, Shanghai Metro
Shanghai Metro stations in Baoshan District
Railway stations in China opened in 2004
Railway stations in Shanghai
"Tears of the Prophets" is the 26th and final episode of the sixth season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the 150th episode overall. It was first broadcast in broadcast syndication in the United States the week of June 15, 1998. It was written by Ira Steven Behr and Hans Beimler, and directed by Allan Kroeker. The episode featured the death of the character Jadzia Dax and the final appearance on the series of actress Terry Farrell.
Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the crew of the Starfleet-managed Bajoran space station Deep Space Nine. The station is adjacent to a wormhole leading to the distant Gamma Quadrant; the wormhole is home to powerful alien beings worshiped by the Bajorans as the "Prophets". The later seasons of the series follow a war between the United Federation of Planets and the Dominion, an expansionist empire from the Gamma Quadrant that has already absorbed the nearby planet of Cardassia. In this episode, the Federation decides to move on the offensive against the Dominion. Captain Benjamin Sisko (Avery Brooks) is warned by the Prophets not to leave Deep Space Nine, but decides to ignore their warning. As Starfleet attacks a Cardassian star system, the former Cardassian leader Dukat (Marc Alaimo), possessed by one of the Pah-wraiths, the enemies of the Prophets, kills Jadzia (Terry Farrell) and disables the wormhole. After Jadzia's death, Sisko declares that he is leaving the station and returning to Earth.
The premise of the attack on the wormhole originated as a plan to end the seventh season of DS9, and was again suggested for the end of season six when planning began for that season. The imminent departure of Farrell caused problems for the writers as they sought to include both elements into the episode. The episode raised themes of revenge and the conflict between military service and religion. Although the critical review was positive and the episode received a high level of press coverage due to the publicized death of Jadzia Dax, it was viewed by 3.9 million viewers in the first broadcast, the lowest of the season.
Plot
Admiral Ross (Barry Jenner) informs Captain Benjamin Sisko (Avery Brooks) that Starfleet intends to go on the offensive in the war against the Dominion. They decide to attack the Chin'toka star system—but must attack soon, as intelligence arrives that the Cardassians and the Dominion are about to improve Chin'toka's defenses with unmanned weapons platforms. Meanwhile, Lt Cmdr. Worf (Michael Dorn) and Lt Cmdr. Jadzia Dax (Terry Farrell) discuss their plans to have a baby.
The night before the attack, Sisko receives a vision from the Prophets, who warn him not to leave the station. Sisko tells Ross about the vision, who responds that he must decide between his duty to Starfleet and the Prophets.
Meanwhile, the Cardassian leader Damar (Casey Biggs) and his Dominion handler Weyoun (Jeffrey Combs) receive an unexpected visit from Damar's predecessor, Dukat (Marc Alaimo). Dukat discloses his plan to allow one of the enemies of the Prophets, the Pah-wraiths, to possess him. He breaks a Bajoran artifact, releasing a red mist that enters his body.
The attack fleet arrives at Chin'toka just as the weapons platforms are activated. As the fleet is being destroyed, on board the USS Defiant, Elim Garak (Andrew Robinson), a Cardassian working with Starfleet, infers the platforms can be taken offline if they find and destroy the central power source.
On Deep Space Nine, Dax is visiting the Bajoran Temple when Dukat, possessed by the Pah-wraith, suddenly transports in; he hits her with bolts of energy from his hands and she collapses. He opens an Orb of the Prophets and the Pah-wraith leaves his body, entering the Orb, which turns black. Outside the station, the Bajoran wormhole implodes.
On the Defiant, Sisko is shaken, sensing the attack on the Prophets; Major Kira (Nana Visitor) takes over and successfully commands the destruction of the weapons platforms. After the battle, they are summoned urgently back to the station. When they arrive, they are informed that the wormhole is gone and all the Bajoran orbs have turned dark.
Dr. Bashir is able to save the Dax symbiont that shares Jadzia's consciousness, but not Jadzia herself. She survives long enough to say goodbye to Worf. Over Jadzia's coffin, Sisko decides that he must take a leave of absence on Earth. He departs with his son, Jake (Cirroc Lofton), leaving Kira in charge of DS9.
Production
The concept of the attack on the prophets themselves had been first raised in a discussion between Rick Berman and Ira Steven Behr, and was suggested as a potential ending to a seventh season. When plans for season six were first discussed in September 1997, it was suggested once more. Screenwriter René Echevarria said that they wanted Sisko to suffer a setback, which featured an attack by the Dominion on the prophets. The idea was raised that the plot would follow on from those in the episode "The Reckoning". In that episode, a prophet and a pah-wraith each possess a person and battle on the station before being forced out of their hosts leaving a prophecy unfulfilled. It was that prophecy which the writers intended to follow up with "Tears of the Prophets".
"Tears of the Prophets" was the final episode of Deep Space Nine to feature actress Terry Farrell, as her six year contract came to an end. Farrell was tired of the long hours and the constantly changing schedule. Rick Berman said the only two options were to stay as main cast or be written off the show. Farrell would have preferred to be made a recurring character so that she would not be in every episode. The writers felt that due to the ongoing Dominion War in the series, that there was no alternative other than to kill off the character. On the exit of her character Farrell said, "I don't feel cheated out of the character in the same way as I would have if the show had been cancelled, because I've gotten the opportunity to play her. And besides, it's Jadzia that's dying. Dax is living." The day after her final scene was shot, she tested for the sitcom Becker.
The departure of Farrell caused problems for the writers, as they initially were not sure how to combine their original vision for the final episode of season six, and include a suitable tribute to the character of Jadzia Dax. The initial plan had Dukat stealing an orb of the prophets, intending to destroy it inside the wormhole. As with the final episode, Sisko and the Defiant were not at the station, but Jadzia had remained behind. She would have pursued Dukat into the wormhole and somehow died in the process. It was the manner of the death which caused problems for the writers as they wanted something suitably heroic but not clichéd. In the first draft script by Hans Beimler and Behr, which was entitled "Tears of the Gods", Jadzia was killed by Dukat but managed to save the prophets in the process. Creative consultant Michael Piller felt that Jadzia's death was not a "worthy send-off" and felt rushed. The scene where Jadzia says goodbye to Worf was added, and Echevarria encouraged showing Jadzia dying on screen.
There were concerns about the number of steps required by Dukat to attack the wormhole, and it was Ron Moore who suggested the inclusion of the pah-wraiths once more. Echevarria then raised the idea of having Dukat possessed, as seen with Kira and Jake Sisko in "The Reckoning". The scene with Worf at the end of the episode was kept, and a death chant was written initially in English based upon the Native American chant Only the Earth endures. It was subsequently translated into Klingon for the script, but Behr thought it was a shame that the audience would not be able to understand the meaning behind the words. The scene with Sisko and Jadzia's coffin was shot on a closed set, with Avery Brooks being the only actor on set in order to give a sense of intimacy to the proceedings.
They added the sense of acknowledging Sisko's failure because of the perceived reduction in the impact of the destruction of the prophets after the death of Jadzia. Brooks said of the scene that "I know about loss. It's one of the things that we experience as part of living, part of the consequences of living", but also said that the emotions were enhanced because they were going to miss Farrell. Whilst on set there was a suggestion by set director Laura Richarz that the coffin was the same prop as used for the photon torpedo which Spock's body was loaded into in Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan, Mike Okuda later explained that several new torpedo props were made for Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country and so they could not be sure if the Spock torpedo was the one used or not.
Themes
The episode deals with the themes of revenge in the case of Dukat, and also the conflicting nature of religion and military duty with Sisko. Dukat had been present on the station in the episode "Sacrifice of Angels" when it was retaken by the fleet of the Federation-Klingon alliance, and suffered a nervous breakdown following the death of his daughter Tora Ziyal. In the episode "Waltz", he escapes from Federation custody whilst en route to a trial for war crimes and vows revenge against Sisko and Bajor.
Reception
"Tears of the Prophets" was first broadcast on June 13, 1998 in broadcast syndication within the United States. It received Nielsen ratings of 4.1 percent, and an average of 3.9 million viewers This placed it in fifteenth place in the timeslot, and was the lowest rated episode of the sixth season during the initial broadcast. Prior to the broadcast of the episode, there had been a great deal of publicity due to the imminent death of Jadzia Dax, which had not been held back as a surprise. The advertisements placed in magazines alluded to the fact, and the story had been picked up by the national press. Farrell's subsequent casting on Becker was also covered, as was her replacement by Nicole de Boer for the seventh and final season as Ezri Dax.
Jamahl Epsicokhan of Jammer's Reviews thought that the episode took a while to get to the point, but delivered in the end, using the death of Jadzia as a way to drop Sisko "into an abyss of despair". He thought that the melodrama surrounding Jadzia's death was exaggerated, and that the manner of the death was random, but the context of the effects of Jadzia's death "really works". He gave the episode a score of three and a half out of four.
Several reviewers re-watched the episode after the end of the series. Michelle Erica Green of TrekNation called the episode "an episode of mythic proportion, with a tour de force performance by Avery Brooks". She praised the plot in the episode saying that "what Sisko really did was choose tactics over intuition, or perhaps intellect over spirituality...and it was the wrong choice. This is a stunning moment for Star Trek: an acknowledgement that there are forces in the universe which cannot be coerced, manipulated, or […] talked into submission by Starfleet captains." She hoped that the repercussions from the episode would lead into the seventh series.
In 2015, Geek.com recommended this episode as "essential watching" for their abbreviated Star Trek: Deep Space Nine binge-watching guide, noting the episode for its depiction of futuristic space battles.
In 2018, SyFy included this episode on their Jadzia Dax binge-watching guide for this character. They also recommended watching it as part of a trilogy with "Image in the Sand", and "Shadows and Symbols".
In 2020, Den of Geek listed this episode as part of one of the best stories of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine.
Home media release
The first home media release of "Tears of the Prophets" was as a two episode VHS cassette alongside "The Sound of Her Voice" in the United Kingdom on December 28, 1998. It was later released on DVD in the United States and Canada as part of the season six box set on November 4, 2003.
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
External links
Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (season 6) episodes
1998 American television episodes
Metafictional television episodes
William Douglas was a Scottish football goalkeeper. He was born in Dundee. He played for Ardwick, Newton Heath, Derby County, Blackpool, Warmley and Dundee.
Blackpool
Douglas made his debut for Blackpool in their first-ever match in the Football League, on 5 September 1896 (see Blackpool F.C. season 1896–97). He went on to be ever-present in the club's 30 games that season, keeping five clean sheets in the process.
He was also ever-present in the following 1897–98 campaign, and achieved six shutouts that time around. After those sixty games for the club, he was replaced for the 1898–99 season by F.A. Fletcher.
References
External links
MUFCInfo.com profile
Footballers from Dundee
Scottish footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Manchester City F.C. players
Manchester United F.C. players
Derby County F.C. players
Blackpool F.C. players
Dundee F.C. players
Year of death missing
English Football League players
Year of birth missing
Warmley F.C. players
Eilema vicinula is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Hervé de Toulgoët in 1954. It is found on Madagascar.
References
Moths described in 1954
vicinula
is a private women's junior college in Kurume, Fukuoka, Japan, established in 1968. In 2004 the college was selected for Good Practice, a fund program by the ministry of education.
External links
Official website
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1968
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Fukuoka Prefecture
Sazakşeyhler is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 136 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
KDR may refer to:
Kappa Delta Rho, an American college fraternity
The ISO 639-3 code for the Karaim language
Kinase insert domain receptor, a human protein
Short distance radio or KDR 444, Norway and Sweden
KDR, IATA airport code of Kandrian Airport in Papua New Guinea
Knockdown resistance of insects to pesticides
Radioplane KDR Quail, 1940s US target drone aircraft
Centre Street is one of the 15 constituencies in the Central and Western District, Hong Kong.
The constituency returns one district councillor to the Central and Western District Council, with an election every four years.
Centre Street constituency is loosely based on the area around Centre Street in Sai Ying Pun with estimated population of 15,003.
Councillors represented
Election results
2010s
2000s
1990s
Notes
Citations
References
2011 District Council Election Results (Central & Western)
2007 District Council Election Results (Central & Western)
2006 Central and Western District Council Centre Street Constituency By-election Result
2003 District Council Election Results (Central & Western)
1999 District Council Election Results (Central & Western)
Constituencies of Hong Kong
1994 in Hong Kong
1999 in Hong Kong
2003 in Hong Kong
2007 in Hong Kong
2011 in Hong Kong
Constituencies of Central and Western District Council
Sai Ying Pun
Constituencies established in 1999
1999 establishments in Hong Kong
Pound is a 1970 American comedy film written and directed by Robert Downey Sr. It was based on The Comeuppance, an Off-Off Broadway play written by Downey in 1961. It is about several dogs, along with a Siamese cat and a penguin, at a pound, as they await being euthanised; the animals are played by human actors. The film is best known for marking the acting debut of Downey's son and namesake, Robert Jr., as Puppy.
Cast
Lawrence Wolf as Mexican Hairless
Stan Gottlieb as Boxer
Charles Dierkop as Airdale
Elsie Downey as Mutt Bitch
Carolyn Groves as Pedigreed
Lucille Rogers as Old Pekingese
Ching Yeh as Siamese Cat
George Morgan as Irish Setter
Don Calfa as Italian Terrier
Antonio Fargas as Greyhound
Chuck Green as Mutt
Buddy Butler as Singing Water Spaniel
Harry Rigby as Fowl
Marshall Efron as Dachshund
Eric Krupnik as Montana Sheepdog
Eric Crawley as Baltimore Pointer
Carolyn Cardwell as Keeper
Joe Madden as Colonel
James Green as Honky Killer
L. Errol Jaye as Lt. Weintraub
Mari-Claire Charba as Killer's Wife
Robert Downey Jr. as Puppy
Carl Lee as Thief
See also
List of American films of 1970
References
External links
Pound at Turner Classic Movies
POUND: Revisiting A Neglected Cult Classic
1970 films
1970 comedy films
1970s English-language films
Films about dogs
Films directed by Robert Downey Sr.
Films with screenplays by Robert Downey Sr.
United Artists films
American comedy films
1970s American films
"No More Words" is a song by American new wave band Berlin from their third studio album, Love Life (1984). It was released on February 27, 1984, as the album's lead single. The single was the band's first top-40 entry on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number 23 on May 12, 1984. The song was featured in the 1985 film Vision Quest. In the United States, the song was re-released in 1985 as a B-side to Madonna's single "Crazy for You", which was also featured in Vision Quest.
The song was produced by Italian producer Giorgio Moroder and Richie Zito. The 7-inch single includes "Rumor of Love" as its B-side, while the 12-inch maxi single was paired with "Dancing in Berlin" and featured Moroder's dance remix of each song.
The accompanying music video saw the band portraying a criminal gang of bank robbers in which they re-enacted a Bonnie and Clyde-style car chase and shoot-out; it was directed by Evan English and Paul Goldman, and was included on the Berlin Video 45 video compilation in 1984.
Track listings
7-inch single
A. "No More Words" – 3:54
B. "Rumor of Love" – 4:20
12-inch single (Dance Remix)
A. "No More Words" (Dance Remix) – 5:44
B. "Rumor of Love" – 4:20
UK 12-inch single (Dance Remix)
A. "No More Words" (Dance Remix) – 5:44
B1. "Sex (I'm A...)" – 8:07
B2. "Rumor of Love" – 4:20
12-inch maxi single ("No More Words"/"Dancing in Berlin")
A. "No More Words" (Dance Remix) – 5:44
B. "Dancing in Berlin" (Dance Remix) – 5:16
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
1984 singles
1984 songs
Berlin (band) songs
Geffen Records singles
Song recordings produced by Giorgio Moroder
Song recordings produced by Richie Zito
Frederik Watz is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Sweden.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1976 births
Living people
Swedish motorcycle racers
250cc World Championship riders
People from Linköping
Sportspeople from Östergötland County
Eastern Maori was one of New Zealand's four original parliamentary Māori electorates established in 1868, along with Northern Maori, Western Maori and Southern Maori. In 1996, with the introduction of MMP, the Maori electorates were updated, and Eastern Maori was replaced with the Te Tai Rawhiti and Te Puku O Te Whenua electorates.
Population centres
The electorate included the population centres of Kawerau, Opotiki, Rotorua and Whakatane.
Tribal areas
The electorate included the tribal areas of Ngāti Awa, Te Arawa, Ngāi Tai, Te Whakatōhea and Ngāti Porou.
History
Eastern Maori included Rotorua and the Bay of Plenty, and the Poverty Bay area down to Gisborne. Originally the electorate extended down the East Coast and included the Wairarapa, but in 1954 the boundaries of the Southern Maori electorate were extended to include much of the East Coast of the North Island up to Napier and Wairoa in Hawke's Bay.
The first Member of Parliament for Eastern Maori was Tareha Te Moananui, elected in 1868; he was the first Māori MP to speak in Parliament, and he retired in 1870.
James Carroll represented the electorate from 1887 to 1893, but in 1893 he changed to the Waiapu electorate and was replaced by Wi Pere who Carroll had defeated in 1887.
In the , the incumbent, Tiaki Omana of the Labour Party, was unsuccessfully challenged by National's Turi Carroll.
In the , Puti Tipene Watene was elected. He was a Mormon and was the first non-Ratana to win a Maori seat since 1938.
With MMP Eastern Maori was replaced by the Te Tai Rawhiti electorate in 1996. Peter Tapsell, who had represented Eastern Maori since 1981 was defeated when he stood in the new electorate.
Members of Parliament
The Eastern Maori electorate was represented by ten Members of Parliament:
Key
Election results
Note that the affiliation of many early candidates is not known.
1993 election
1990 election
1987 election
1984 election
1981 election
1978 election
1975 election
1972 election
1969 election
1967 by-election
1966 election
1963 election
1960 election
1957 election
1954 election
1951 election
1949 election
The number of electors on Maori rolls was often inaccurate hence the impossible turnout figures.
1946 election
1931 election
1928 election
1899 election
1896 election
1879 by-election
Notes
References
External links
Text of Eastern Māori election poll petition, 1876 (in Māori)
Historical Māori electorates
1996 disestablishments in New Zealand
1868 establishments in New Zealand
Chunky may refer to:
People
Chunky Clements (born 1994), American football player
Liam O'Brien (hurler) (born 1949), Irish hurler
Chunky Pandey, stage name of Indian actor Suyash Pandey (born 1962)
Chunky Woodward (1924–1990), Canadian retailer and rancher
Places
Chunky, Mississippi, United States, a town
Chunky River, a tributary of the Chickasawhay River in Mississippi
Songs
"Chunky" (Format B song), 2015
"Chunky" (Bruno Mars song), 2016
Other uses
Chunky, a candy bar
Chunkey, a Native American game also spelled Chunky
Chunky Kong, a character in the video game Donkey Kong 64
Packed pixel or "chunky", a method of frame buffer organization in computer graphics
See also
Chunk (disambiguation)
Lists of people by nickname
Pleasant Harbour is a rural community located on the Eastern Shore of Nova Scotia, Canada. The community is situated on the Marine Drive, on Nova Scotia Trunk 7, about west of Sheet Harbour, Nova Scotia. The community is located on the shores of Shoal Bay, an inlet of the Atlantic Ocean. The mi'kmaq name for the area was Wospegeak, translating to "the sunshine is reflected from the water". Settlement of the area began around 1812, and the present name for the community was adopted in 1886.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Vishwanath N. Nadkarni was an Indian career banker who served as the eleventh Chairman of State Bank of India.
Life
He was born on 28 July 1924.
He died on 3 August 2006 at the age of 82 at his home in Mumbai. His obituary was published by The Times of India the very next day after his passing.
He is survived by one daughter, two sons, five grand children and a couple dozen great grand children.
Career
Early career
He had joined the State Bank of India as a probationary officer and served in a number of roles until finally becoming the Chairman of State Bank of India in 1983.
Banking career
He served as the eleventh Chairman of State Bank of India from 1 December 1983 until 27 July 1984.
After his retirement in 1984, he was succeeded by D. N. Ghosh as the Chairman of State Bank of India.
Later career
After having retired from the State Bank of India in 1984, he lived quietly at his home until his death in 2006. He is notable for being one of the few Chairmen of the State Bank of India who never took up any post retirement assignments in the private sector.
References
External links
SBI chairmen
SBI history
Indian bankers
State Bank of India
Chairmen of the State Bank of India
Indian corporate directors
1924 births
2006 deaths
Grove City College v. Bell, 465 U.S. 555 (1984), was a case in which the United States Supreme Court held that Title IX, which applies only to colleges and universities that receive federal funds, could be applied to a private school that refused direct federal funding but for which a large number of students had received federally funded scholarships. The Court also held that the federal government could require a statutorily mandated "assurance of compliance" with Title IX even though no evidence had been presented to suggest that Grove City College had discriminated. However, the Court also held that the regulation would apply only to the institution's financial aid department, not to the school as a whole.
Opinion of the court
Justice Byron White delivered the opinion of the Court, which was unanimous except for Part III.
In an opinion by White, joined by Chief Justice Warren Burger and Harry Blackmun, Lewis Powell, William Rehnquist, and Sandra Day O'Connor, it was held that (1) Title IX applied to the college, even though it accepted no direct assistance, since it did enroll students who received BEOGs, (2) for Title IX enforcement purposes, the education program or activity at the college receiving federal financial assistance was the college's financial aid program, and not the entire college, (3) federal assistance to the college's financial aid program could be terminated solely because the college had refused to execute an assurance of compliance with Title IX, and (4) the application of Title IX to the college did not infringe the First Amendment rights of the college or its students.
Concurring and dissenting opinions
Lewis Franklin Powell Jr. joined by Chief Justice Warren Burger and Sandra Day O'Connor, concurred, expressing the view that the above holdings were dictated by the language and legislative history of Title IX and the regulations of the Department of Education.
John Paul Stevens concurred in part and concurred in the result, stating that he was unable to join in holding 2 above because he considered it an advisory opinion unnecessary to the overall decision and because it was predicated on speculation rather than evidence.
William Brennan joined by Thurgood Marshall concurred in part and dissented in part, expressing the view that the program-specific language in Title IX was designed to insure that the reach of the statute is dependent upon the scope of federal financial assistance provided to the college, so that when the financial assistance is clearly intended to serve as federal aid for the entire college, the college as a whole should be covered by the prohibition on sex discrimination.
Overturning of decision
The holding that compliance with Title IX is necessary only in the particular programs or activities that receive federal funding was abrogated when the United States Congress subsequently passed the Civil Rights Restoration Act of 1987, which specified that recipients of federal funds must comply with civil rights laws in all areas.
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 465
Civil Rights Restoration Act of 1987
Further reading
Pittsburgh Press analysis
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Burger Court
1984 in United States case law
Grove City College
Abrogated United States Supreme Court decisions
Biotin-independent malonate decarboxylase (, malonate decarboxylase (without biotin), malonate decarboxylase, MDC) is an enzyme with systematic name malonate carboxy-lyase (biotin-independent). This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
malonate + H+ acetate + CO2
Two types of malonate decarboxylase are currently known, both of which form multienzyme complexes.
References
External links
EC 4.1.1
The snowy-throated kingbird (Tyrannus niveigularis) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae.
It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
References
snowy-throated kingbird
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
snowy-throated kingbird
snowy-throated kingbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Fudbalski klub Radnik Bijeljina () is a professional association football club based in the city of Bijeljina that is situated in northeast Bosnia and Herzegovina. The club plays its home matches on the Bijeljina City Stadium, which has a capacity of 6,000 seats. The name Radnik means worker.
The club won its first First League of the Republika Srpska title in the 1998–99 season, and the second in the 2004–05 season, after which the club got promoted to the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The club was relegated from the Bosnian Premier League in the 2006–07 season.
Under the leadership of manager Darko Nestorović, in the 2011–12 season, Radnik once again won the title in the First League of RS and won a second promotion to the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina, where they played until the 2021–22 season.
In the 2015–16 season, Radnik had, so far, their biggest success, winning its first national trophy, the Bosnia and Herzegovina Football Cup, after they beat FK Sloboda Tuzla in the two-legged cup final (1–1 in Bijeljina and 0–3 in Tuzla). Winning the cup, the club qualified to the 2016–17 UEFA Europa League qualifying rounds, its first UEFA competition.
History
The first football was brought to Bijeljina in 1916. The first football club was FK Podrinje which was formed in 1919. Later other clubs were formed such as FK Zora in 1920, FK Građanski in 1923, and FK Semberija in 1935. The clubs from this entire region of Posavlje and Podrinje played in the provincial leagues of the Belgrade Football Subassociation. After the end of World War II, FK Radnik was formed.
1945–1990
FK Radnik Bijeljina was founded on 14 June 1945. It didn't take long for Radnik to win their first trophy. In 1948 they became champions of the Tuzla District beating FK Sloboda Tuzla in the final. A year later, the club reached the 1/16 round of the Yugoslav Cup. In 1957, Radnik entered into the Novi Sad/Srem zone (regional league). In season 1971–72, Radnik became champions of the regional Republic League of Bosnia and Herzegovina and they entered a playoff for a place in the Yugoslav Second League. The club played FK Sloga from Vukovar in the playoff where it won both matches, 4–0 in Bijeljina and 8–0 in Vukovar. It entered the 2nd League of Yugoslavia playing against clubs such as FK Proleter Zrenjanin and FK Bečej. They stayed in the Yugoslav Second League for six seasons, being its best classification in the season 1977–78 when they finished 10th.
Another great achievement of FK Radnik Bijeljina was when the junior team won the Bosnia and Herzegovina Cup in 1987. In the semi-final, they beat FK Velež Mostar in Mostar by 5–2. In the final, Radnik beat FK Polet Bosanski Brod in the penalties to win the trophy.
1990s
From 1995 to 1997, the club was called FK Panteri Bijeljina and played under that name in the first two seasons of the First League of the Republika Srpska. In the 1998–99 season, Radnik Bijeljina won their first First League of RS title, an achievement reached again in the 2004–05 season.
2000s
In the season 2004–05, Radnik won their second Republika Srpska title which got them a place in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina for the 2005–06 season. In the 2005–06 Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina season, Radnik finished 13th. A year earlier it had reached the 1/4 finals of the Bosnian Cup.
In the Republika Srpska Cup, after being twice a losing finalist in the 2005–06 and 2008–09 editions, it finally won the Cup in the 2009–10 cup season.
2010s
Radnik won its first national trophy in 2016, winning the Bosnian Cup in the 2015–16 season, beating Sloboda Tuzla in the final (agg. 4–1). This way Radnik won a spot in the 2016–17 UEFA Europa League qualifying rounds. Even though they put up a good fight, Radnik got eliminated in the first qualifying round by Bulgarian First League club PFC Beroe Stara Zagora (agg. 2–0).
In the 2018–19 Bosnian Premier League season, Radnik finished on 5th place, but as 4th placed FK Željezničar Sarajevo didn't get an UEFA license to compete in that season's league, Radnik got qualified by default to the 2019–20 UEFA Europa League qualifying rounds. The club got eliminated by FC Spartak Trnava in the first qualifying round, after beating Spartak in the first match in Banja Luka 2–0, but it got eliminetd by Spartak in Trnava in the second match after penalties (2–3 on penalties for Spartak), since the Slovak side defeated Radnik 2–0 in regular time as well.
2020s
On 28 March 2020, five years after becoming club chairman of the board, Mladen Krstajić decided to leave Radnik, with Predrag Perković becoming the new club chairman.
In September 2022, fans waved a flag of the Totenkopf Division which is widely viewed as a hate symbol.
Honours
Domestic
League
First League of Republika Srpska:
Winners (3): 1998–99, 2004–05, 2011–12
Bosnia and Herzegovina Republic League:
Winners (2): 1948–49, 1971–72
Cups
Bosnia and Herzegovina Cup:
Winners (1): 2015–16
Republika Srpska Cup:
Winners (7): 2009–10, 2012–13, 2013–14, 2015–16, 2016–17, 2017–18, 2018–19 (record)
Runners-up (3): 2006–07, 2008–09, 2010–11
European record
P = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goals difference. Defunct competitions indicated in italics.
List of matches
Players
Current squad
Players with multiple nationalities
Bojan Burazor
Milan Gavrić
Nenad Rašević
Stefan Spasojević
Nenad Srećković
Club officials
Technical staff
Club management
Managerial history
Ivan Mioč
Radomir Jovičić
Živorad Miražić
Zoran Jagodić
Miroslav Milanović
Dušan Jevrić
Nikola Bala
Dragan Radović
Darko Nestorović (July 1, 2011 – August 27, 2012)
Srđan Bajić (September 1, 2012 – September 3, 2014)
Slavko Petrović (September 5, 2014 – August 23, 2016)
Nebojša Milošević (August 24, 2016 – May 9, 2017)
Mladen Žižović (May 9, 2017 – November 11, 2019)
Slobodan Starčević (November 11, 2019 – January 13, 2020)
Slavko Petrović (January 13, 2020 – November 16, 2020)
Darko Nestorović (November 24, 2020 – April 16, 2021)
Vlado Jagodić (April 21, 2021 – October 25, 2021)
Velibor Đurić (October 25, 2021 – present)
Club ranking
UEFA coefficient
2020–21 season
Source: uefa.com
Notes
References
External links
Football clubs in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Association football clubs established in 1945
Football clubs in Republika Srpska
Football clubs in Yugoslavia
Bijeljina
1945 establishments in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Palaeopomacentrus orphae is an extinct species of fish from the Ypresian epoch of Monte Bolca. It is the only known species of the genus Palaeopomacentrus.
References
Eocene fish
Pomacentridae
Fossils of Italy
Selina Özuzun Doğan (born Selina Özuzun in 1977), aka Selina Doğan, is a Turkish politician of Armenian ethnicity who served as a member of the Turkish Parliament between 2015 and 2018. She became one of the first Armenian members of Turkey's parliament in decades alongside Markar Esayan (AKP) and Garo Paylan (HDP).
Family life
She was born 1977 in Istanbul. After completing her secondary education at the French high school Lycée Notre Dame de Sion Istanbul, she received a degree in law at Galatasaray University, and then took a master's degree from Istanbul Bilgi University. She began her professional career working in a law firm and serving as a lawyer for the minority foundations.
She is married and has two children.
Politician career
Selina Özuzun Doğan was nominated as a candidate for the June 2015 general election by the Republican People's Party (CHP). Upon agreeing with the proposal of minority groups to have a representative in the parliament, Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu, leader of CHP, put her name on the first place of the party's candidate list for Istanbul 2nd Constituency.
On June 7, 2015, she was elected into the parliament, and became so the first Armenian members of the Grand National Assembly in decades alongside Garo Paylan (HDP) and Markar Esayan (AKP). Apart from Hermine Kalustyan, who served six months in the Constituent Assembly of Turkey () after her appointment by the military junta following the 1960 Turkish coup d'état, Özuzun Doğan is the only female Armenian member of the parliament in the history of Turkish politics.
She was not re-nominated as a CHP candidate for the 2018 Elections.
References
1977 births
Politicians from Istanbul
Galatasaray University alumni
Istanbul Bilgi University alumni
Contemporary Republican People's Party (Turkey) politicians
Deputies of Istanbul
Members of the 25th Parliament of Turkey
Living people
Lycée Notre Dame de Sion Istanbul alumni
Members of the 26th Parliament of Turkey
Ethnic Armenian politicians
21st-century Turkish women politicians
Turkish women lawyers
21st-century Turkish lawyers
Turkish people of Armenian descent
21st-century women lawyers
Ekaterina Viktorovna Murugova (, born 1973) is a former pair skater who competed internationally for the Soviet Union. With partner Artem Torgashev, she is a two-time World Junior medalist. Murugova joined the Russian Ice Stars company.
Results
(with Torgashev)
References
Soviet female pair skaters
Living people
1973 births
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
The Hundred of Hutchison is a hundred in the County of Flinders, South Australia. It was proclaimed on 24 October 1867. According to state government records the name is likely derived from either the politician James Hutchison (1898-1902) or Commander John Hutchison RN "who carried out extensive surveys of South Australian seaboard for the Admiralty from 1861–1869." Its extent includes the township of Tumby Bay and much of the surrounding locality as well as a small eastern portion of the locality of Yallunda Flat in the northwest.
Local government
In 1888 the Hundred of Hutchison was annexed to the District Council of Lincoln as part of the District Councils Act 1887. In 1906 the hundred, along with its northern and western neighbours, seceded to form the new District Council of Tumby Bay.
See also
Lands administrative divisions of South Australia
References
Hutchison
h
1964 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 58th water polo championship in Hungary. There were ten teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1964 in water polo
1964 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Michael Hormillosa (born 18 June 1968) is a Filipino boxer. He competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1968 births
Living people
Filipino male boxers
Olympic boxers of the Philippines
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Bantamweight boxers
Haji Pacha Wazir is an Emirati citizen who ran a series of Hawala banks before being arrested in 2003, amid accusations that he worked as the "main banker" for Osama bin Laden.
The Canadian Security Intelligence Service alleges that Mohamed Harkat was recorded on the phone with a "Haji Wazir" whom handled financial transactions for him, and described his bid to gain permanent resident status in Canada.
According to Rob Suskind, when Wazir was arrested and sent to a Central Intelligence Agency black site, he proved uncooperative and American officials illegally transferred his brother from Germany to the same site, and arrested his branch manager in Karachi. Members of the American Central Intelligence Agency posed as distant cousins taking over the business after Wazir's illness, and continued financial transactions, entrapping many of his colleagues as well.
However, in his book The Interrogator: An Education, Glenn Carle contradicts the claims Suskind made about Wazir. Carle was the CIA officer who handled the interrogation of Wazir, and according to his account, Carle concluded after the interrogation that Wazir cooperated and told the truth about his operations. Reporting on Wazir's story after the publication of Carle's book, Scott Horton for Harper's Magazine concludes, "The suggestion that Pacha Wazir was consciously managing bin Laden's financial affairs was then, and remains today, utterly baseless." Perhaps the most shocking part of Carle's account is that his conclusions about Wazir were ignored by his superior's at the CIA. As a result, it was not until February 2010 was Wazir released and sent home to Afghanistan.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Emirati businesspeople
Emirati bankers
Osama bin Laden
Emirati prisoners and detainees
Kemco (abbreviated from Kotobuki Engineering & Manufacturing Co., Ltd.) is a Japanese video game developer and publisher established in 1984. It is headquartered in Kure, Hiroshima.
One of its best known franchises is the Top Gear series, developed by Sheffield-based English developers Gremlin Graphics.
History
1980s
Kemco was founded in 1984 as Kotobuki System Co., Ltd. to be the video game subsidiary of the multifaceted corporation Kotobuki Engineering & Manufacturing Co., Ltd. (itself established in 1979). The Kemco name represents the initial letters of Kotobuki Engineering Manufacturing Co.
Kemco started by developing video games for the Nintendo Entertainment System. Although technically called Kotobuki System until 2004, the company was already using the brand Kemco on its first game Dough Boy in 1985.
In the late 1980s until the early 1990s, Kemco's video games were distributed in North America by Seika Corporation of Torrance, California under the joint label of Kemco * Seika.
1990s
In the 1990s, Kemco developed, ported and published video games for an array of platforms including the NES, Super NES, Nintendo 64 and Game Boy. During this decade, the company had its first North American subsidiary, Kemco America, which operated from October 2, 1991 to January 24, 2000.
2000s
In 2001, Kemco USA was founded as a wholly owned subsidiary of Kemco of Japan, especially targeting the American market.
In 2004, Kotobuki's system development division split to become the company Kotobuki Solution Co., Ltd., keeping the Kemco video game brand in the spinoff.
2010s
In the 2010s, Kemco is primarily known for its mobile games. Kemco USA closed in 2007, but products continue to be released in North America through Kemco of Japan.
See also
List of Kemco games
References
External links
Video game companies established in 1984
Japanese companies established in 1984
Video game companies of Japan
Video game development companies
Video game publishers
The following lists events that happened during 1930 in Afghanistan.
During the first year of his reign, Nadir Shah scrupulously observes his constitutional obligations, though he retains almost absolute power in his own hands by appointing members of his family to the chief offices of state. At the same time he is careful not to offend the religious or tribal susceptibilities of his subjects. He rescinds the two reforms of King Amanullah which had most embittered the population - the suppression of the purdah and the secularizing of the law. He allows the influence of the mullahs to be restored, and creates a tribunal of ulemas in Kabul to interpret the Sharia (law of the Qur'an). He endeavours to placate the tribes by appointing governors from among their own leading men. As a result of these concessions, he is allowed to remain in peaceful occupation of the throne. A section of the Shinwaris shows a disposition to revolt early in the year, but they are suppressed by their own fellow tribesmen. Trouble continues for some time among the Kohistanis and Kohidamanis, the tribesmen of the amir Habibullah, but they are decisively defeated in July. The confidence inspired by the new regime leads to a revival of trade during the year, which is assisted by good harvests. An appeal addressed by the king to wealthy merchants to make voluntary contributions to the Treasury meets with considerable success. Telegraphic, telephonic, and wireless connections, both internally and with foreign countries, are re-established.
Muhammad Hashim Khan who was Prime Minister that time in 1930, who refused to join Afghanistan in newly created Muslim State named Pakistan, and by Officially he stated about the Pakistan, that This country is being used to deceive the Muslims by Punjabi Establishment of British India .
Incumbents
Monarch – Mohammed Nadir Shah
Prime Minister – Mohammad Hashim Khan
Early May
The Anglo-Afghan Treaty of Rawalpindi, concluded in 1921, is reaffirmed, and shortly afterwards the British minister to Afghanistan, Richard Maconachie, reaches Kabul. Nadir Shah maintains friendly relations both with Russia and with Britain.
End of 1930
When unrest breaks out among the Afridis and other tribes in the northwest of India, King Nadir successfully uses his influence among the tribesmen to dissuade them from joining in any incursions into Indian territory.
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
The straight-billed earthcreeper (Ochetorhynchus ruficaudus) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, and Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
Description
The straight-billed earthcreeper grows to a length of about . The upper parts are pale brown with rufous colour on some of the flight feathers. The tail is rufous brown, with blackish inner webs to the central feathers, and is often kept cocked at a marked angle. The throat and chest are white and the breast and belly are pale brown, with white streaks. The beak is long and straight, and there is a narrow white supercilium above the eye.
Distribution and habitat
This species occurs in the foothills of the Andes Mountains, its range extending from southern Peru and the La Paz Department in western Bolivia to northern Argentina and the eastern fringes of Chile. Its typical habitats are rocky hillsides, rocky outcrops and ravines at altitudes between , but it is more frequently occurs above .
Ecology
The straight-billed earthcreeper usually occurs in pairs or singly but is rather elusive, hopping about on the ground among boulders and in rocky areas. The song, often uttered from the ground, is a loud series of notes that first rises in pitch and then slowly descends and fades away.
Status
The straight-billed earthcreeper has a very wide range in Bolivia, southern Peru, northern and central Chile and northwestern Argentina. It is a fairly common bird and despite the fact that the population appears to be declining, this is not happening at such a fast rate as to make it vulnerable, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of the least concern.
References
SACC (2007). Reinstate Ochetorhynchus and merge Chilia and Eremobius into it. Accessed 2008-10-28.
straight-billed earthcreeper
Birds of Argentina
Birds of the Puna grassland
Birds of the Southern Andes
straight-billed earthcreeper
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The TMD-44 and TMD-B are simple rectangular Soviet wooden box cased anti-tank blast mines, they were both used during the Second World War. Both mines are similar in design, differing only in fuzing mechanism. The wooden construction of both the mines makes them unpredictable as rot and insects can eat away the wooden case, reducing activation pressure to as little as 3 kg. Both mines are found in a number of countries including Afghanistan, Angola, Chad, Cuba, Egypt, Korea, Mozambique, Namibia, Rwanda, Yemen, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
TMD-B
The TMD-B was developed before the start of the Second World War and is simply a wooden box filled with explosives, there are three raised boards on the top of the box, the central one being hinged. The central hinged board is locked into place by a strip of wood inserted into a groove that runs along the edge of all three boards. When enough pressure is applied to the top of the mine the boards collapse onto the plunger of the MV-5 detonator, triggering the mine. A fabric carrying handle is typically fixed to one side of the mine. It was normally painted olive green, gray or white.
One problem with the mine was that when it got wet the hinged board would tend to swell making it difficult to disarm the mine, this issue was addressed in the TMD-44 mine.
The mine has been copied by a number of other countries, including the Chinese Model 1951, the North Korean ATM-72, and the Yugoslavian TDM-1 and TMD-2.
TMD-44
The TMD-44 entered service with the Red Army in 1944, and essentially was simply the TMD-B mine with the central hinged board replaced with a Bakelite fuze cap, this solved the disarming issue with the earlier TMD-B.
Copies of the TMD-44 are produced in North Korea as the ATM-44, and the Yugoslavian TMD-B and TMD-1 are extremely similar.
Specifications
Weight: 9 to 10 kg
Explosive content: 5 to 7 kg of TNT or Picric Acid
Operating pressure: 200 to 500 kg
Length: 320 mm
Width: 290 mm
Height: 160 mm
References
Jane's Mines and Mine Clearance 2005-2006
TM 5-223, Foreign Mine Warfare Equipment
Anti-tank mines
Land mines of the Soviet Union
World War II weapons of the Soviet Union
Royal Air Force Feltwell or more simply RAF Feltwell is a Royal Air Force station in Norfolk, East Anglia that is used by the United States Air Forces in Europe – Air Forces Africa. The station is located about 10 miles west of Thetford, and is in the borough of King's Lynn and West Norfolk at approximate Ordnance Survey grid reference . A former Second World War bomber station, the airfield is used as a housing estate for United States Air Force personnel stationed nearby at RAF Mildenhall.
History
Royal Air Force use
The airfield was built during the period of expansion of the RAF in the late 1930s and is similar in layout to many of the other RAF airfields of the period (for example RAF Marham, RAF Watton and RAF West Raynham). The airfield was home to a number of heavy bomber squadrons of the RAF during the Second World War. Post war RAF Thor Missiles were stationed here 1958-1963. After the departure of the Thor missiles in 1963, the RAF's Officer Cadet Training Unit was based on the station, transferring from RAF Jurby, Isle of Man, in September 1963.
United States Air Force use
From 1989 it also hosted the US Air Force's 5th Space Surveillance Squadron (5 SPSS) which was subordinate to the 21st Operations Group (21 OG) and the 21st Space Wing (21 SW), both at Peterson AFB, Colorado. These organisations in turn are subordinate to the 14th Air Force (14 AF) at Vandenberg AFB, California which reports to HQ Air Force Space Command (AFSPC), also at Peterson AFB, CO.
The 5 SPSS was part of the USAF's Passive Space Surveillance Network which tracked the physical location of emitting satellites in orbit. This data along with that from other systems was used to adjust the orbits of various satellites and manned vessels (for instance the Space Shuttle and the International Space Station) to reduce the risk of on-orbit collisions. It was deactivated in 2003 and the activity transferred to Misawa Air Base in Japan.
Since 2011 the airfield has been used as a housing estate for United States Air Force personnel stationed nearby at RAF Mildenhall.
RAF Feltwell was administered by Detachment 4 of the 18th Intelligence Squadron, which was a space control intelligence organization of the United States Air Force, located at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio and which has one other geographically separated detachments: Detachment 2, Osan AB, Korea. However, the 18th IS was deactivated during September 2020 and then reactivated as the US Space Force's 73rd Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance Squadron, which is assigned to Space Delta 7.
Former units
Former units include:
No. 37 Squadron RAF (1937–1940) - Handley Page Harrow, Vickers Wellington I
No. 57 Squadron RAF (1940–1942) - Vickers Wellington I
No. 75 Squadron RAF (1940–1942) - Vickers Wellington I
No. 77 Squadron RAF (1958–1963) - Thor IRBM and the USAF 672d Technical Training Squadron and 99th Munitions Maintenance Squadron
No. 192 Squadron RAF (1943) - Handley Page Halifax II & V
No. 214 Squadron RAF (1937–1939) - Handley Page Harrow, Vickers Wellington I
No. 464 Squadron RAAF (1942) - Lockheed Ventura I & II
No. 487 Squadron RNZAF (1942–1943) - Lockheed Ventura I & II
No. 651 Squadron RAF (1955–1957) - Auster AOP6
No. 3 Lancaster Finishing School (1943–1945) - Avro Lancaster
No. 3 Flying Training School RAF
No. 3 Service Flying Training School RAF
No. 7 Temporary Depot Station
No. 20 Heavy Glider Maintenance Section
No. 76 (Bomber) Wing RAF
No. 1519 (Beam Approach Training) Flight RAF
No. 2724 Squadron RAF Regiment
No. 2736 Squadron RAF Regiment
No. 2807 Squadron RAF Regiment
No. 4194 Anti-Aircraft Flight RAF Regiment
Bomber Command Radar School
Bomber Command Strategic Missile School
Bombing Development Unit
Central Bomber Establishment
Gee-H Training Flight
Midland Area Flying Instructors School
New Zealand Flight
Northern Area Flying Instructors School
Radio Training Squadron
RAF Officer Cadet Training Unit
School of Instructional Technique
See also
List of Royal Air Force stations
United States Air Forces in Europe
United States Air Force in the United Kingdom
References
Installations of the United States Air Force in the United Kingdom
Feltwell
Royal Air Force stations in Norfolk
Royal Air Force stations of World War II in the United Kingdom
RAF
Samuel Prescott Fairbanks, (January 31, 1795 – December 7, 1882) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Queen's County from 1836 to 1847 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He was born in Halifax, the son of Rufus Fairbanks and Ann Prescott, and was educated at King's College in Windsor. Fairbanks was called to the Nova Scotia bar in 1818 and set up practice in Liverpool. In 1820, he married Charlotte Ann Newton. He served as registrar for the probate court from 1842 to 1847. Fairbanks was named Queen's Counsel in 1845. He served as provincial treasurer from 1845 to 1848. He was commissioner of crown lands from 1857 to 1872. Fairbanks died at home in Dartmouth at the age of 87.
His brother Charles Rufus Fairbanks, was also a lawyer and served in the provincial assembly.
References
1795 births
1882 deaths
Nova Scotia pre-Confederation MLAs
Canadian Queen's Counsel
Love in Sun Moon Lake (Chinese:愛在日月潭), also known as Ai Zai Ri Yue Tan, is a Chinese television series about the family connections between the two shores of China and Taiwan. It stars Taiwanese actress Ruby Lin and Mainland actor Wen Zhang. It was first aired in China on Beijing Television on 20 July 2009.
Storyline
Jiang Zhong He starts to searching of his family roots after his great-aunt's death for 50 years of separation and lovesickness between his great-aunt and great-uncle. With his great-aunt's aborigine wooden totem necklace given by his great-uncle, Jiang Zhong He meets An-An in Taiwan, who also wears the same necklace. An-An is a passionate Taiwanese aborigine princess. She carries much on her shoulders, trying to support the local orphanage through her job and seeking corporate sponsors. An-An has a rich boyfriend, Meng Ting. He prepares for his wedding with An-An, although his mother objects strongly to their union. After getting to know Zhong He, An-An slowly falls in love with Zhong He, but in their hearts they cannot take their love a step further.
Cast
Ruby Lin as An An
Wen Zhang as Meng Ting
Ke Shu Yuan as Jiang Zhong He
Jiang Xin as Jiang He
Zhao Jing as Li Chao Xiang
Xiao Xiao Bin as Tuo Tuo
Ren Dong Lin as Fu Kang Lin
Ye Qing Qing as Ai Li
Tian Li as Liu Yi Yi
Huang Xiao Li as Jiang Feng Shi
Yao Dai Wei as Zhuang Man Mei
Qin Yan as Zhan Sen
Production
20 June 2008, Taiwan government information office bureau chief Shi Yaping expressed that they will deregulate the policy regarding mainland actors coming to Taiwan. The first to benefit is "Love in Sun Moon Lake," 16 of its mainland cast and crew members have obtained official work permits to come to Taiwan.
Featured songs
Jian Chi Ai () performed by Wen Zhang
Wang Ji Ni Bu Ru Shi Qu Ni (忘记你不如失去你) performed by Yang Pei An
Trivia
Investment by China People's Daily.
Initially, Taiwanese Actor Ming Dao was selected for the role of Meng Ting but it went to Wen Zhang eventually.
First Chinese TV series obtained official work permits to come to Taiwan.
See also
Nationality Law of the People's Republic of China
External links
Sina official page
ent163.com page
References
2009 Chinese television series debuts
Chinese romance television series
2009 Chinese television series endings
The José María Castañé Foundation (Fundación José María Castañé) is a Spanish cultural private institution dedicated to historic documents and research. It was founded in 2004 by José María Castañé, a Spanish entrepreneur.
Declaration and principles
To preserve, restore, classify and catalogue its own documents
To deepen knowledge about the 20th century through its collections
To exhibit, project and expand its collections
Archive
In 2016 the Foundation donated part of its archive to the University of Harvard
References
External links
Official website of the Fundación José María Castañé
Jose Maria Castane Foundation
Jose Maria Castane Foundation
Organizations established in 2004
Lü Yan (, born 25 July 1972), is a Chinese former ice hockey player who played at the 1998 Winter Olympics where China finished 4th in the woman tournament.
References
1972 births
Living people
Chinese women's ice hockey players
Ice hockey players at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of China
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Asian Games bronze medalists for China
Ice hockey players at the 1999 Asian Winter Games
Ice hockey players at the 2003 Asian Winter Games
Medalists at the 1999 Asian Winter Games
Medalists at the 2003 Asian Winter Games
Asian Games medalists in ice hockey
The Darbar Festival is an Indian classical music and dance festival that takes place annually over three months in London. It uniquely curates music from the north Indian Hindustani and south Indian Carnatic classical traditions as well as dhrupad and percussion.
The Darbar Festival is the flagship event of the Darbar Arts Culture Heritage Trust, a UK registered non-profit. The organization exists to promote greater access to Indian classical music and dance and to ensure this art form can be accessed by a global audience. It does this through its YouTube channel and social media platforms. Another element of Darbar's work is to support a new generation of aspiring artists through summer workshops for new artists, an Indian music appreciation course and Indian music classes for primary school children in Leicester.
The festival
The festival features great masters and emerging musicians artists like Ustad Amjad Ali Khan, Shahid Parvez, Pandits Rajan & Sajan Mishra, Shubha Mudgal, Aruna Sairam, Sanjay Subrahmanyan, Niladri Kumar, Rakesh Chaurasia, Kaushiki Chakraborty, Ronu Majumdar, Pandit Jasraj, Pandit Venkatesh Kumar, Pandit Ulhas Kashalkar, Kala Ramnath, Prabha Atre, Sudha Ragunathan and Roopa Panesar.
History
The Darbar Festival started in 2005 as a one-off tribute to the energy, dedication and enthusiasm of Bhai Gurmeet Singh Ji Virdee (1937–2005); a well loved tabla teacher from Leicester. The festival continues today and aims to reflect the values that Bhai Gurmeet Singh Virdee put into his passions - his Sikh faith, photography, music and tabla.
Previous Darbar Festivals:
2006 Peepul Centre, Leicester
2007 Phoenix, Leicester
2008 Phoenix, Leicester
2009 Southbank Centre, London
2010 Kings Place, London
2011 Kings Place, London
2012 Southbank centre, London
2013 Southbank centre, London
2014 Southbank centre, London
2015 Southbank centre, London
2016 Southbank centre, London
2017 Southbank Centre, Barbican Centre & Sadlers Well's
2018 Southbank Centre, Barbican Centre & Sadlers Well's
References
Music festivals in London
Indian classical music
Donji Dubac is a village in the municipality of Lučani, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 526 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
The 2009–10 Stanbic Bank 20 Series was a Twenty20 cricket competition held in Zimbabwe from 12–20 February 2010. It was won by the Mountaineers, who defeated the Mashonaland Eagles in the final by nine wickets.
The competition consisted of a round-robin group stage, followed directly by the final and third-place play-off. The Mashonaland Eagles topped the group stage, winning four of their five games, and faced the second-placed team, the Mountaineers in the final. The third-place play-off was contested between the teams finishing third and fourth in the group, the Desert Vipers and the Matabeleland Tuskers, both of which had won two matches, lost two, and had a match abandoned.
The tournament was the first contesting of the Stanbic Bank 20 Series to be played following a restructured of Zimbabwean cricket that resulted in five franchises, the Mashonaland Eagles, Matabeleland Tuskers, Mid West Rhinos, Mountaineers and Southern Rocks. These five teams were joined by the Desert Vipers, a team representing Namibia. Hamilton Masakadza of the Mountaineers finished the competition with the most runs, amassing 317 at an average of 63.40, while Tony Palladino of the visiting Desert Vipers claimed the most wickets, taking 12 at an average of 9.66. Masakadza was named as player of the series, and also batsman of the series, and Palladino was chosen as bowler of the series. Masakadza scored the only century of the competition, passing 100 during the Mountaineers group match against the Southern Rocks.
Following the conclusion of the tournament, Zimbabwe Cricket declared themselves delighted, after the final drew a crowd of approximately 7,500, which was described as "the biggest for a domestic match in living memory." This turnout was significantly greater than the average attendance for cricket in the preceding years which rarely passed 1,000.
Fixtures and results
Group stage
Knockout stage
Third-place play-off
Final
References
Stan
Stanbic Bank 20 Series
Domestic cricket competitions in 2009–10
Sir John McLeay, (19 November 1893 – 22 June 1982) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the Liberal Party and served in the House of Representatives from 1949 to 1966, representing the Division of Boothby in South Australia. He was Speaker of the House of Representatives for a record 10-year term, from 1956 to 1966. McLeay was a businessman by profession, and before entering federal politics served as Mayor of Unley (1935–1937), as a member of the South Australian House of Assembly (1938–1941), and as Lord Mayor of Adelaide (1946–1950).
Early life
McLeay was born on 23 November 1893 in Port Clinton, South Australia. He was the second of six children born to Marguaretta (née Barton) and George McLeay. His older brother George McLeay Jr. also entered federal politics, serving as a government minister. Their father, a farmer, died in 1908, and their mother moved the family to Adelaide. Their horse became exhausted along the way and the older children had to walk the last on foot. McLeay attended state schools in Port Clinton and Unley until the age of fourteen, leaving school to work as an errand boy. He later studied at Muirden College, a business college in Adelaide, and worked as a commercial traveller.
McLeay enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force (AIF) in May 1915. He served with medical units in the Middle East and on the Western Front. While stationed in France as a stretcher-bearer with the 13th Field Ambulance, he was awarded the Military Medal for bravery on the opening day of the Second Battle of Villers-Bretonneux in April 1918. He was formally discharged from the military in October 1919.
After returning to Australia, McLeay went into business with his brother George as accountants and general agents. Their firm McLeay Bros later evolved into a wholesale and retail furnishing business. He married Eileen Elden in 1921, with whom he had two sons and a daughter.
State and local politics
Elected to the Adelaide suburban Unley City Council in 1924, McLeay served as Mayor of Unley from 1935 to 1937, resigning to contest the state Electoral district of Unley as an independent at the 1938 election. He was one of 14 lower house MPs to be elected as an independent, which as a grouping won 40 percent of the primary vote, more than either of the major parties. At the time, there were 39 MPs in the legislature. Tom Stott was the de facto leader of the independent caucus within parliament. McLeay lost Unley at the 1941 election and later acknowledged that his three-year period in the House of Assembly was a waste of time, in terms of his being able to accomplish anything as an independent.
Federal politics
Nevertheless McLeay did not stay out of politics for long. He was elected Lord Mayor of Adelaide in 1946, and held that office till 1949, during which time he gained Liberal and Country League pre-selection for the federal electorate of Boothby in south-central Adelaide for that year's federal election. The seat had been held by Labor incumbent Thomas Sheehy, but a redistribution notionally made the seat a marginal LCL seat. While Sheehy made an unsuccessful bid to transfer to neighbouring Kingston, McLeay won Boothby on a large swing of 9.3 percent, turning it into a safe LCL seat in one stroke. He entered the Australian House of Representatives as part of that year's massive Coalition landslide.
In 1956 McLeay became Speaker of the House. He remained Speaker for more than 10 years (a record that still stands), until he resigned from parliament on 31 October 1966. In 1959, following the 1958 federal election, he was challenged unsuccessfully for the Liberals' speakership nomination by Percy Joske. He was re-elected to the speakership unopposed in 1959, 1962, and 1964. During his tenure there were only three dissent motions against his rulings, and he received praise from Robert Menzies, Arthur Calwell, and Gough Whitlam. Calwell said that he would have asked McLeay to stay on in the position if Labor won the 1961 election, while Whitlam described him as "ideal for the post" and wrote that "in my experience and observation the House has not had a better Speaker".
Later life
Following his retirement, McLeay served as Chairman of McLeay Brothers Ltd. and director of other companies, as well as member of the Tramways Trust Board, the State Bank of South Australia and the council of the University of Adelaide. He also served as president of the Adelaide Legacy Club, the South Australian Retail Furniture Association, the South Australian Playground Association and the South Australian Tree Planters Association.
McLeay was nicknamed "Marrow Jack" for his prowess in vegetable-growing.
Created a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George in 1962 for political and community services, McLeay had family members who carried on the tradition of political activism. His brother George and his son John Jnr both served in the federal parliament, John Jnr having inherited the electorate of Boothby from John Snr.
McLeay died in Adelaide after a short illness, predeceased by his wife, Lady Eileen. A state funeral was held in his honour.
References
1893 births
1982 deaths
Members of the Australian House of Representatives
Members of the Australian House of Representatives for Boothby
Mayors and Lord Mayors of Adelaide
Australian recipients of the Military Medal
Australian military personnel of World War I
Australian Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
Australian politicians awarded knighthoods
Speakers of the Australian House of Representatives
People from Clinton, South Australia
John Sr.
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Australia
Independent members of the Parliament of South Australia
20th-century Australian politicians
Joseph Gibbs was a portrait painter who worked in the area around Smethwick, then South Staffordshire (now part of the West Midlands county), England, during the period 1852 to 1907.
He exhibited at some Royal Birmingham Society of Artists events.
Six of his works (five portraits and a pastoral scene showing two children crossing a river) are in the collection of Wednesbury Museum and Art Gallery:
Mary Ann Richards (painted 1891)
Muriel Dorothy Windle (1898)
Sir James Timmins Chance (1902)
Alderman George Bowden, Mayor of Smethwick (1904)
Stepping Stones (The Nearest Way Home) (1907)
Frederick Talbot, Headmaster of Chance's School, Smethwick
References
External links
English portrait painters
19th-century births
20th-century deaths
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
People from Smethwick
is a private university in Kurashiki, Okayama, Japan. The predecessor of the school, junior women's college, was founded in 1951, and it became a co-ed four-year college in 2002.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1951
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Okayama Prefecture
1951 establishments in Japan
Gresham is a station on the Rock Island District Metra line, which runs between Joliet, Illinois and LaSalle Street Station in downtown Chicago, Illinois. It is in zone B according to Metra fee schedules based on its distance from downtown Chicago. As of 2018, Gresham is the 142nd busiest of Metra's 236 non-downtown stations, with an average of 313 weekday boardings. It is in the community area of Auburn Gresham, on the south side of Chicago. The Rock Island service splits just south of here; most trains travel west over the Suburban Line (via Brainerd), while some rush-hour trains head south for Blue Island on the main line (via Longwood).
As of 2022, Gresham is served by 20 trains in each direction on weekdays, by 10 inbound trains and 11 outbound trains on Saturdays, and by eight trains in each direction on Sundays.
Although Gresham is situated north of where the main and suburban lines split, the station is served only by suburban trains, with trains scheduled to run on the main line bypassing it at all times.
Gresham Station is built on an embankment between bridges over West 87th Street and Vincennes Avenue. Parking is mainly street-side, and there are parking lots on the corner of Vincennes Avenue and Halsted Street, and on Genoa Avenue between 88th and 87th Street.
Bus connections
CTA
8A South Halsted
24 Wentworth
87 87th
N87 87th (Owl Service)
References
External links
87th Street entrance from Google Maps Street View
86th Street entrance from Google Maps Street View
Metra stations in Chicago
Ibrıcak is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 494 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
2012 Kabaddi World Cup was the third edition of the circle style Kabaddi World Cup, organised by the Government of Punjab. It was played in Punjab, India in various cities of the province from 1 to 15 December 2012 with teams from 16 countries. The opening ceremony of the tournament was held in Bathinda and the closing ceremony in Ludhiana.
The prize money for the winners of the third edition was doubled to 2 crore, while the runners-up received 1 crore. The team finishing at third position received 51 lakhs.
The Deputy Chief Minister Sukhbir Singh Badal said that dope testing would be mandatory for each player.
Ekamjeet was declared the best stopper and Gagandeep Gaggi was chosen as the best raider of the tournament.
Participating nations
The 15-day-long tournament had sixteen participating nations:
Pools
The 16 teams were divided into four pools of four teams each. Hosts India were placed in Pool A.
Venues
The games were played at the following venues.
Yadvindra Public School Stadium, Patiala
Lajwanti Stadium, Hoshiarpur
Guru Nanak Stadium, Amritsar
Sports Stadium, Doda, Sri Muktsar Sahib
War Heroes Stadium, Sangrur
Nehru Stadium, Rupnagar
Sports Stadium, Chohla Sahib, Tarn Taran
Government College Stadium, mansa
N.M. Government College Stadium, Mansa
Sports Stadium, Bathinda
Guru Gobind Singh Stadium, Jalandhar
Guru Nanak Stadium, Ludhiana
M.R. Government College Stadium, Fazilka
Schedule
Note: All matches' timings are according to Indian Standard Time (UTC +5:30).
Group stage
Pool A
Qualified for semifinals
Pool B
Qualified for semifinals
Pool C
Qualified for semifinals
Pool D
Qualified for semifinals
Knockout stage
Semi-finals
Third place
Final
References
2012 in Indian sport
Kabaddi World Cup
Sport in Punjab, India
International sports competitions hosted by India
December 2012 sports events in Asia
Gerber is a census-designated place (CDP) in Tehama County, California. Gerber sits at an elevation of . The 2010 United States census reported Gerber's population was 1,060.
History
Gerber was platted in 1910, and named after the Gerber family, original owners of the town site. A post office has been in operation at Gerber since 1916.
In the early years, Gerber was a center supporting ranchers and alfalfa growers.
Between 1916 and 1965, Gerber was the location of a division point on the Southern Pacific Railroad between the Sacramento and
Shasta Divisions. Situated two miles north of the junction of the West Valley Line to Davis and the East Valley Line
to Sacramento via Chico and Marysville, facilities included steam locomotive fueling, repair and crew-change. There were also livestock yards and an icing plant for refrigerator cars. Following the 1955 completion of the railroad's phasing in of diesel locomotives as a replacement to steam, operations at Gerber were gradually curtailed over the following decade and eventually closed down.
Passenger service continued until 1972 when Amtrak's Coast Starlight discontinued Gerber station as a stop.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP covers an area of 0.9 square miles (2.4 km2), all of it land.
Demographics
The 2010 United States Census reported that Gerber had a population of 1,060. The population density was . The racial makeup of Gerber was 575 (54.2%) White, 6 (0.6%) African American, 55 (5.2%) Native American, 8 (0.8%) Asian, 0 (0.0%) Pacific Islander, 371 (35.0%) from other races, and 45 (4.2%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 526 persons (49.6%).
The Census reported that 1,060 people (100% of the population) lived in households, 0 (0%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 0 (0%) were institutionalized.
There were 367 households, out of which 149 (40.6%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 180 (49.0%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 50 (13.6%) had a female householder with no husband present, 31 (8.4%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 35 (9.5%) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships, and 3 (0.8%) same-sex married couples or partnerships. 81 households (22.1%) were made up of individuals, and 27 (7.4%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.89. There were 261 families (71.1% of all households); the average family size was 3.41.
The population was spread out, with 303 people (28.6%) under the age of 18, 111 people (10.5%) aged 18 to 24, 257 people (24.2%) aged 25 to 44, 271 people (25.6%) aged 45 to 64, and 118 people (11.1%) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34.0 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.2 males.
There were 420 housing units at an average density of , of which 222 (60.5%) were owner-occupied, and 145 (39.5%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 5.5%; the rental vacancy rate was 10.4%. 613 people (57.8% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 447 people (42.2%) lived in rental housing units.
References
Census-designated places in Tehama County, California
Census-designated places in California
The 2020–21 NBL season was the 2nd season for the South East Melbourne Phoenix in the NBL.
Roster
Squad
Pre-season
Ladder
Game log
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 1
| 18 December
| @ Brisbane
| L 108–98
| Mitch Creek (31)
| Mitch Creek (7)
| Mitch Creek (4)
| Gold Coast Sports and Leisure Centre1,120
| 0–1
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 2
| 20 December
| @ Brisbane
| L 102–100
| Mitch Creek (29)
| Mitch Creek (10)
| Kyle Adnam (6)
| Gold Coast Sports and Leisure Centrenot announced
| 0–2
Regular season
Ladder
Game log
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 1
| 17 January
| @ Adelaide
| L 116–108 (2OT)
| Mitch Creek (30)
| Yanni Wetzell (11)
| Keifer Sykes (11)
| Adelaide Entertainment Centre6,518
| 0–1
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 2
| 20 January
| @ Adelaide
| W 83–89
| Keifer Sykes (24)
| Ben Moore (13)
| Keifer Sykes (8)
| Adelaide Entertainment Centre6,946
| 1–1
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 3
| 24 January
| @ Perth
| L 88–76
| Mitch Creek (17)
| Yanni Wetzell (11)
| Keifer Sykes (5)
| RAC Arena7,150
| 1–2
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 4
| 29 January
| @ Perth
| W 89–90
| Mitch Creek (24)
| Creek, Moore (7)
| Keifer Sykes (9)
| RAC Arena7,150
| 2–2
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 5
| 31 January
| @ Melbourne
| L 96–90
| Keifer Sykes (24)
| Ben Moore (10)
| Creek, Sykes (7)
| Bendigo Stadium2,000
| 2–3
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 6
| 7 February
| The Hawks
| W 98–82
| Adnam, Creek, Gliddon, Moore, Sykes (15)
| Ben Moore (14)
| Keifer Sykes (7)
| State Basketball Centre2,175
| 3–3
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 7
| 11 February
| Perth
| L 75–106
| Kyle Adnam (24)
| Mitch Creek (11)
| Kyle Adnam (3)
| State Basketball Centre1,875
| 3–4
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 8
| 14 February
| Perth
| W 96–71
| Keifer Sykes (24)
| Yanni Wetzell (10)
| Keifer Sykes (7)
| State Basketball Centreclosed event
| 4–4
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 9
| 21 February
| Brisbane
| W 99–83
| Mitch Creek (29)
| Keifer Sykes (10)
| Keifer Sykes (11)
| John Cain Arena2,566
| 5–4
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 10
| 23 February
| @ Adelaide
| L 99–94
| Mitch Creek (23)
| Mitch Creek (12)
| Mitch Creek (8)
| John Cain Arena1,079
| 5–5
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 11
| 28 February
| Illawarra
| W 93–76
| Mitch Creek (25)
| Mitch Creek (6)
| Kyle Adnam (11)
| John Cain Arena3,195
| 6–5
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 12
| 3 March
| @ Perth
| L 93–92
| Kyle Adnam (28)
| Mitch Creek (8)
| Mitch Creek (8)
| State Basketball Centre2,257
| 6–6
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 13
| 6 March
| Sydney
| L 85–91
| Mitch Creek (22)
| Mitch Creek (9)
| Kyle Adnam (4)
| John Cain Arena3,708
| 6–7
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 14
| 10 March
| Melbourne
| W 97–92
| Mitch Creek (31)
| Mitch Creek (10)
| Kyle Adnam (8)
| John Cain Arena3,675
| 7–7
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 15
| 12 March
| @ Cairns
| W 81–85
| Mitch Creek (21)
| Gliddon, Wetzell (8)
| Cameron Gliddon (5)
| John Cain Arena2,478
| 8–7
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 16
| 14 March
| @ New Zealand
| W 89–103
| Adnam, Creek (21)
| Ben Moore (5)
| Kyle Adnam (7)
| John Cain Arena4,019
| 9–7
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 17
| 20 March
| Adelaide
| W 96–89 (OT)
| Ben Moore (23)
| Ben Moore (10)
| Ben Moore (5)
| John Cain Arena1,682
| 10–7
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 18
| 27 March
| Melbourne
| L 60–80
| Cameron Gliddon (13)
| Ben Moore (7)
| Cameron Gliddon (4)
| John Cain Arena3,370
| 10–8
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 19
| 2 April
| @ Illawarra
| W 63–95
| Ryan Broekhoff (26)
| Yanni Wetzell (11)
| Adnam, Gliddon, Wetzell 5
| WIN Entertainment Centre2,602
| 11–8
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 20
| 4 April
| New Zealand
| W 92–85
| Mitch Creek (24)
| Yanni Wetzell (10)
| Kyle Adnam (7)
| John Cain Arena1,850
| 12–8
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 21
| 9 April
| @ Illawarra
| L 82–80
| Kyle Adnam (22)
| Cameron Gliddon (8)
| Gibson, Wetzell (4)
| WIN Entertainment Centre2,533
| 12–9
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 22
| 11 April
| @ Sydney
| W 84–98
| Mitch Creek (26)
| Ben Moore (6)
| Kyle Adnam (6)
| Qudos Bank Arena4,236
| 13–9
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 23
| 15 April
| @ Sydney
| L 97–90
| Izayah Mauriohooho-Le'afa (29)
| Ben Moore (7)
| Keifer Sykes (5)
| Qudos Bank Arena4,476
| 13–10
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 24
| 17 April
| Adelaide
| L 81–90
| Mitch Creek (17)
| Mitch Creek (14)
| Adnam, Gibson, Moore (3)
| John Cain Arena2,512
| 13–11
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 25
| 22 April
| Sydney
| L 81–101
| Mitch Creek (29)
| Yanni Wetzell (6)
| Kyle Adnam (5)
| John Cain Arena1,268
| 13–12
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 26
| 25 April
| @ Cairns
| W 66–86
| Cameron Gliddon (22)
| Mitch Creek (8)
| Izayah Mauriohooho-Le'afa (4)
| Cairns Pop-Up Arena1,905
| 14–12
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 27
| 29 April
| Brisbane
| L 82–94
| Ben Moore (18)
| Ben Moore (7)
| Izayah Mauriohooho-Le'afa (4)
| John Cain Arena1,026
| 14–13
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 28
| 8 May
| Melbourne
| L 82–93
| Izayah Mauriohooho-Le'afa (19)
| Yanni Wetzell (9)
| Keifer Sykes (5)
| John Cain Arena3,899
| 14–14
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 29
| 12 May
| New Zealand
| W 91–82
| Keifer Sykes (21)
| Ben Moore (6)
| Kyle Adnam (5)
| John Cain Arena1,247
| 15–14
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 30
| 14 May
| Cairns
| W 106–77
| Mitch Creek (20)
| Yanni Wetzell (11)
| Keifer Sykes (4)
| John Cain Arena1,711
| 16–14
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 31
| 16 May
| @ Melbourne
| W 83–94
| Keifer Sykes (26)
| Mitch Creek (8)
| Mitch Creek (8)
| John Cain Arena3,460
| 17–14
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 32
| 22 May
| @ Brisbane
| W 66–95
| Yanni Wetzell (18)
| Yanni Wetzell (9)
| Keifer Sykes (8)
| Nissan Arena2,533
| 18–14
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 33
| 28 May
| Cairns
| L 87–94
| Yanni Wetzell (25)
| Yanni Wetzell (7)
| Keifer Sykes (7)
| Cairns Pop-Up Arena1,251
| 18–15
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 34
| 2 June
| Brisbane
| L 84–91
| Mitch Creek (28)
| Mitch Creek (10)
| Keifer Sykes (8)
| Cairns Pop-Up Arenaclosed event
| 18–16
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 35
| 5 June
| @ New Zealand
| W 78–83
| Keifer Sykes (29)
| Ryan Broekhoff (10)
| Keifer Sykes (5)
| The Trusts Arena3,872
| 19–16
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 36
| 8 June
| @ Brisbane
| L 94–84
| Mitch Creek (17)
| Ben Moore (16)
| Kyle Adnam (6)
| Nissan Arena2,508
| 19–17
Postseason
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 1
| 11 June
| @ Melbourne
| L 96–78
| Ben Moore (17)
| Broekhoff, Wetzell (7)
| Mitch Creek (6)
| Qudos Bank Arena500
| 0–1
|-style="background:#cfc;"
| 2
| 13 June
| Melbourne
| W 90–79
| Creek, Sykes (26)
| Yanni Wetzell (8)
| Keifer Sykes (4)
| Qudos Bank Arena500
| 1–1
|-style="background:#fcc;"
| 3
| 15 June
| @ Melbourne
| L 84–74
| Reuben Te Rangi (22)
| Mitch Creek (9)
| Keifer Sykes (4)
| Qudos Bank Arena500
| 1–2
Transactions
Re-signed
Additions
Subtractions
Awards
Player of the Week
Round 6, Mitch Creek
Round 18, Keifer Sykes
See also
2020–21 NBL season
South East Melbourne Phoenix
References
External links
Official Website
South East Melbourne Phoenix
South East Melbourne Phoenix seasons
South East Melbourne Phoenix season
Edna Worthley Underwood (January 1873 – June 14, 1961) was an American author, poet, and translator.
Biography
Born in Maine in January 1873, Edna Worthley received little education as a child, attending school occasionally, only when her family moved to Kansas in 1884. She undertook a program of extensive self-instruction, learning Latin and several of the major European languages. She began attendance at Garfield University in Wichita, Kansas, but later transferred to University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, where she received a B.A. in 1892.
Returning to Kansas, she taught in a public school for three years before being dismissed because she refused to give up yellow-bound foreign-language books which her superiors believed to be 'wicked', of a possibly pornographic nature.
After marrying Earl Underwood in August 1897, Edna moved to Kansas City and then to New York City. She immediately undertook various literary activities including the composition of poetry, plays and filmscripts. Her first published book was a collaborative translation of a work by Nikolai Gogol in 1903.
The first published book that bore Underwood's name as author was the collection of short stories, A Book of Dear Dead Women (1911). With the sole exception of 'An Orchid of Asia', Underwood apparently wrote no more short stories. In 1919, she published Letters from a Prairie Garden, a collection of her letters to a famous artist who had visited the mid-West and undertaken a correspondence with her.
Underwood had published a book of poetry, The Garden of Desire (1913) but then turned to the writing of, for the most part, historical novels, drawing heavily upon the languages she had learned, the extensive travel she had undertaken, and her thorough grounding in history. The Whirlwind (1918) is about Catherine II of Russia. It was followed by The Penitent (1922), about Alexander I; The Passion Flower (1924), about Nicholas I and Alexander Pushkin. The Pageant-Maker was a novel planned but never completed or published. These novels gained favourable reviews, but by the late 1920s Underwood turned principally to poetry and translation. She had already issued translations from Russian and the Slavic languages (Short Stories from the Balkans, 1919), as well as translations from Persian (Songs of Hafiz, 1917) and Japanese (Moons of Nippon, 1919). She then made several translations from the Chinese, including the eighth-century poet Tu Fu (now rendered as Du Fu); these translations were made in collaboration with Chi-Hwang Chu.
By the early 1930s she had turned to translating from the Spanish, including poets of Mexico, Haiti, and South America. She received wide recognition for her translations. The Latin American Institute of Culture of Buenos Aires awarded her the gold insignia for her Poets of Haiti (1935). Also, her translation of The Spirit of the Andes (1935), by the Peruvian poet Jose Santos Chocano, was dedicated by special permission to Alfonso XIII of Spain.
By 1940 Underwood appears to have given up her literary endeavours. She entered a sanatorium in 1953 suffering from dementia. She died on June 14, 1961.
Underwood's papers are collected at the Library of Kansas State University.
References
Further reading
Carol Ward Craine, Mrs Underwood: Linguist, Littérateuse, 1965
Introduction by S.T. Joshi to Dear Dead Women, Tartarus Press, 2010
External links
(multiple name versions)
1873 births
1961 deaths
20th-century American poets
Persian–English translators
Spanish–English translators
Chinese–English translators
Russian–English translators
Japanese–English translators
University of Michigan alumni
American women poets
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American translators
National Resilience Institute (, Lemhannas) is an Indonesian Non-Ministerial Government Agency tasked with carrying out government duties in the field of education for national leaders, strategic assessment of national resilience and strengthening of national values.
History
The National Defense Institute was established on 20 May 1965, based on Government Regulation No. 37/1964, and is directly under the President. The idea of formation of the agency is to create educational institute in defense to prepare and develop future national leaders (civil servants and military officers) in the context of political strategy and national defense.
In 1983, this agency was placed under the Commander of National Armed Forces and become part of executive agency within the National Armed Forces HQ. In 1994, this agency was renamed into National Resilience Institute and placed directly under the Minister of Defense and Security. In 2001, along with several other agencies, the National Resilience Institute is becoming non-departmental government agency which directly report to the President. In 2006, the position of the Governor of the National Resilience Institute is equivalent with the position of the Minister. Since 2016, the National Resilience Institute is regulated by Presidential Decree No. 98/2016 on the Nasional Resilience Institute.
Tasks and functions
According to article 2 of Presidential Decree No. 98/2016 on the Nasional Resilience Institute, Lemhannas has the task of assisting the President in:
Organize education to prepare cadres and strengthen national level leaders;
Carry out a conceptual and strategic study on various national, regional and international issues required by the President;
Carry out the consolidation of national values .
Article 3 of Presidential Decree No. 98/2016, stipulates that Lemhannas carries out the following functions:
Educate, prepare cadres and strengthen national level leaders through all business activities and work including educational programs, preparation of educational materials, educational operations and training of participants and alumni as well as evaluation;
Examine various national, regional and international strategic issues in the fields of geography, demography, natural resources, ideology, politics, law and security, economics, social culture and science as well as international issues;
Strengthen the national values contained in the preamble to the 1945 Constitution of the Republic of Indonesia as well as the values of Pancasila as the nation's ideology, the spirit of defending the country, the transformation of universal values, the national system and the cultivation of national values;
Evaluate and develop execution of education of national level leaders;
Conduct research and measure national resilience level in Indonesia;
Execute training and studies in the field of national leadership;
Postgraduate education cooperation in the field of national resilience strategy with national and/or international educational institutions.
References
Government of Indonesia
Oliver Blake (October 1, 1802 – December 10, 1873) was an Ontario businessman and political figure. He was a Liberal member of the Senate of Canada from 1867 to 1873.
He was born in New Hampton, New Hampshire, United States in 1802 and came to Upper Canada while young. As a young man he sold fanning mills. Later, he was a director of the Beaver Mutual Fire Insurance Company. He was appointed court clerk in 1841; Deputy Reeve of Townsend Township in Norfolk County, Councillor of Townsend Township in 1853, and served as Reeve of Townsend Township in 1852, 1854 - 1857. Blake was elected to the Legislative Council of the Province of Canada for Thames division in 1862 and was named to the Senate after Confederation.
References
The Canadian parliamentary companion, HJ Morgan (1871)
Archives of Ontario. Registrations of Deaths, 1869–1934. Roll: MS935_7. Archives of Ontario, Toronto, Ontario, Canada
"Reminiscences of John Carrow, Esq." a Paper read to the Norfolk Historical Society by H. Frank Cook and subsequently published in 4 Dec 1902 Simcoe Reformer (page 1)
1802 births
1873 deaths
Members of the Legislative Council of the Province of Canada
Canadian senators from Ontario
Liberal Party of Canada senators
American emigrants to pre-Confederation Ontario
Immigrants to Upper Canada
People from New Hampton, New Hampshire
Paap Ko Jalaakar Raakh Kar Doonga () is a 1988 Hindi crime film. It stars Dharmendra, Govinda, Anita Raj, Farah in lead roles.
Plot
Shankar Saxena lives with his elder brother, Chief Engineer Vinay, his wife Kavita, and their daughter of marriageable age, Pooja. Shankar is an undercover CBI Officer, a fact that was hidden from the rest of the family, until only recently. Vinay would like Pooja to marry Deepak Malhotra, who works in his office, and is quite unaware that Deepak and Pooja have already met and are very much in love. Although Deepak comes from a poor family, and lives with his widowed and blind mother, Vinay does not foresee this as a problem. Then suddenly things change dramatically when Vinay suspects Deepak of accepting bribes from a corrupt builder named Shaadilal, fires Deepak, pending a police investigation. And to make matters worse, Shankar too is aware of Deepak — not as a groom for his niece, but as a suspect for murder! But before he could arrest Deepak, he must execute a warrant for the arrest of none other than Vinay himself. Watch as events unfold enveloping this family in a web of deceit, intrigue, distrust, and terror.
Cast
Dharmendra as Shankar Saxena
Govinda as Deepak Malhotra
Anita Raj as Vandana
Farah as Pooja
Tanuja as Kavita Saxena
Kulbhushan Kharbanda as Vinay Saxena
Iftekhar as Inspector General of Police
Gita Siddharth as Mrs. Malhotra
Viju Khote as Doctor
Sadashiv Amrapurkar as Premanand
Shakti Kapoor as Shaadilal
Anupam Kher as Bhuchaal
Tej Sapru as Tejendra
Manik Irani as Raka
Music
External links
1980s Hindi-language films
1980 films
Films scored by Ravindra Jain
1980s masala films
Bharat Vyas (1918–1982) was a noted Indian lyricist who wrote the songs for Hindi films in the 1950s and 1960s.
Biography
Bharat Vyas was born in Bikaner in British India on 6 January 1918 in Pushkarna Brahmin family. He studied B.Com. at Calcutta and after completing his studies he came to Bombay. His first film as lyricist was Duhaai (1943). He was the writer of the prayer song, ‘Ae Malik Tere Bande Hum' and 'Ye Kaun Chitrakar Hai'. He directed a Bollywood film Rangila Rajasthan (1949) for which he wrote the lyrics and composed three songs. He also wrote the lyrics for film Mata Mahakali (1968); a song is "Jo ugta hai be dhalta hai"
Some of his evergreen poems:
He died on 4 July 1982 in Mumbai. His younger brother was the actor Brij Mohan Vyas (1920–2013).
Filmography
Some of the films for which he wrote songs are:
Sawan Aya Re
Bijali
Pyar Ki Pyas
Tamasha
Muqaddar
Shri Ganesh Janma
Aankhen
Hamara Ghar
Raj Mukut
Janmashtami
Nakhre
Bhola Shankar
Shri Chaitanya Mahaprabhu (1954)
Parineeta
Jagaduru Shankaracharya
Andher Nagari Chaupat Raja
Oonchi Haweli
Toofan Aur Diya
Janam Janam Ke Phere
Do Aankhen Barah Haath
Bedard Zamana Kya Jane (1959)
Fashion
Goonj Uthi Shehnai (1959)
Kavi Kalidas
Suvarna Sundari
Mausi
Angulimaal (1960)
Sampoorna Ramayana (1961)
Stree (1961)
Navrang
Rani Roopmati
Chandramukhi
Purnima (1965 film)
Mahabharat (1965 film)
Sati Savitri
Boond Jo Ban Gayee Moti (1967)
References
1918 births
1982 deaths
Rajasthani people
Indian lyricists
People from Churu district
20th-century Indian poets
Poets from Rajasthan
Ebiquity is a leading independent marketing and media consultancy. The company is focused on using the power of data, analytics, and technology to help companies and brands improve marketing performance and achieve better return on marketing investment.
History
Sarah-Jane and Steve Thomson founded Thomson Intermedia in 1997, building a comprehensive database of advertising creative executions and advertising spend in the UK. The media monitoring and analytics business was floated on AIM (the Alternative Investment Market) in 2000.
In 2005, Thomson Intermedia acquired Billets – a media and marketing performance consultancy and auditing business, founded more than a decade earlier by John Billet – for £13m. The acquisition enabled Thomsons to enhance its advertising intelligence database with the actual cost paid for media, not just rate card values.
In 2007, the Thomsons appointed Mike Greenlees (founder of creative agency Gold Greenlees Trott) and Nick Manning (founder of media agency Manning Gottlieb) as joint chief executives, stepping back from day-to-day management. The appointment led the company to grow rapidly by acquisition, expanding into both new services and new territories over the next eight years.
The holding company rebranded from Thomson Intermedia to Ebiquity in 2008. Xtreme Information Services, a global advertising and media intelligence business, was acquired in 2010, and in February 2011, all 18 Billets and Xtreme trading offices around the world became Ebiquity. In May 2011, Ebiquity acquired Echo Research, a news and social media analytics and reputation research business, followed by global media consultancy Fairbrother Lenz Eley in March 2012. Subsequent acquisitions included:
FirmDecisions the world's leading media contract compliance business (2012)
Stratigent, a multi-channel analytics business in the U.S. (2013)
China Media Consulting Group (2014)
Oh his retirement in January 2016, Greenlees was replaced as Group CEO by Michael Karg, who joined after 15 years at Publicis Groupe agencies Razorfish and Digitas. Karg's appointment marked a change in direction for Ebiquity, with the company positioning itself as “the left-brain advisor to the CMO”, independent of the media supply chain, and offering more strategic consultancy services. In addition to media efficiency through its Media practice, Ebiquity focused more heavily on marketing effectiveness.
This change of strategic direction manifested itself in both the parts of the business Ebiquity sold on and a smaller number of targeted acquisitions.
In February 2018, Ebiquity announced it planned to sell its advertising intelligence business, a merger of the founding Thomson Intermedia business and the acquired Xtreme Information Services. The disposal was subject to a full, two-phase investigation by the U.K. Competition & Markets Authority – Phase 1 to a Statutory Timetable, Phase 2 to an Administrative Timetable – which approved the sale of the business to Nielsen for £26m in November 2019. Ebiquity was reported at the time as saying the deal would enable it to accelerate “its ambition of becoming the world's leading independent marketing and media consultancy”. During this period of restructuring, the company also sold on its reputation research business, Echo Research, back to its founder.
Acquisitions established during Karg's tenure included Digital Balance, an independent digital consultancy business located in Perth, Western Australia (August 2017) and digital media consultancy Digital Decisions (concluded January 2020). Digital Decisions CEO Ruben Schreurs has been named Group Chief Product Officer of Ebiquity in November 2020.
The company underwent a complete rebranding in 2018, and published both a Statement of Independence from the media supply chain and a Code of Conduct for businesses providing independent consultancy advice on marketing effectiveness.
Karg left Ebiquity in November 2019, and for more than seven months the company's Chief Financial Officer, Alan Newman, served as interim Chief Executive Officer. In April 2020, Ebiquity announced that its new Group Chief Executive Officer would be Nick Waters, joining from ad network Dentsu Aegis and taking charge from 1 July 2020. At Dentsu Aegis, Waters had most recently served as the company's group executive chairman, UK & Ireland, following nine years as CEO of Asia Pacific.
In March 2022, Ebiquity acquired the Swedish agency selection, media performance measurement and media benchmarking company, MediaPath Network. It also acquired the US-based media audit specialist, Media Management Inc.
Services
Ebiquity operates two practices: Media, and Analytics & Tech. The company has 18 offices globally in 14 of the world's leading advertising markets, including London, Paris, Madrid, New York, Sydney, Shanghai, and Singapore. More than 650 employees work for 70 of the world's top 100 advertisers.
The Media practice provides advertisers with consultancy services in three areas: Media Management, Media Performance, and Contract Compliance. Contract Compliance is delivered via Ebiquity's subsidiary company, FirmDecisions.
The Analytics & Tech practice provides Advanced Analytics for marketing effectiveness using econometric modelling, as well as consultancy advice on advertising and marketing technology. Work by Ebiquity's Analytics practice has been recognised as best practice by numerous industry award scheme, including the 2016 and 2018 Effectiveness Awards from the Institute for Practitioners in Advertising (IPA), and the 2018 Effie Awards.
Publications
Ebiquity has for many years published independent reports into the evolving media and marketing ecosystem and the impact of innovations in marketing on advertisers' return on investment.
In 2011, 2014, and 2017, Ebiquity partnered with U.K. TV industry association Thinkbox to publish independent research reports on the return on investment generated by different media channels, both traditional and digital. The most recent report, Profit Ability: The Business Case of Advertising was published in March 2018. A similar study covering the Australian TV market was published in partnership with ThinkTV titled Payback Australia.
In July 2016, Ebiquity and FirmDecisions were joint authors with the U.S. Association of National Advertisers (ANA) of the first major report to highlight the challenges around transparency in the U.S. media market. Media Transparency: Prescriptions, Principles, and Processes for Advertisers put the issue of media transparency on the media agenda and set out a blueprint of how advertisers could secure greater transparency in their media trading.
In February 2019, Ebiquity published a research report titled TV at the Tipping Point highlighting the fact that advertisers are decreasingly able to reach mass audiences at scale using TV advertising. This was followed a year later with a follow-up report titled Mind the Gap which showed that viewers are deserting linear live TV even quicker than predicted in the first report and that digital video channels such as YouTube and Facebook are unable to close the coverage gap. In reviewing Ebiquity's report TV at the Tipping Point, independent marketing professor and columnist Mark Ritson wrote in Marketing Week: “Ebiquity has come to stand for something that we rarely encounter these days in media: truth.”
References
External links
Ebiquity website
Marketing companies of the United Kingdom
Marketing companies established in 1997
Companies based in the City of Westminster
Companies listed on the Alternative Investment Market
This article lists all expressways in the Canadian province of Manitoba. None of these routes, except sections of Highway 1 and the Perimeter Highway, are currently freeways.
Provincial Highways
Provincial Highways 100/101 (Perimeter Highway) ~ (Beltway)
Highway 190 (CentrePort Canada Way) ~ Entire route
Highway 59 ~ Provincial Road 210 to Brokenhead Indian Reserve
Highway 1 ~ Entire route. There are also two sections of full freeway located in:
Portage la Prairie Bypass ~ Highway 26 to Highway 1A
SE Manitoba ~ Highway 301 to Ontario-Manitoba border (2-lane undivided)
Highway 29 ~ Entire route (renumbered as Highway 75)
Highway 12 ~ (Two sections):
Provincial Road 311 to Highway 1
Multiplex with Highway 44 to Beausejour
Highway 44 ~ Beausejour to Highway 59 near Lockport
Highway 8 ~ Winnipeg City Limits (north) to Provincial Road 230
Highway 7 ~ Winnipeg City Limits to Highway 67
Highway 14 ~ Highway 32 to Highway 3
Highway 3 ~ Highway 14 to Morden, Manitoba
Winnipeg Routes
Route 20 (Also, see Highway 59) ~ Entire Route
Route 165 (Bishop Grandin Blvd.) ~ Route 20 to Route 90
Route 96 (Charleswood Parkway) ~ Entire Route
Route 17 (Chief Peguis Trail) ~ Entire Route
Route 135 (Fermor Ave.) ~ Route 20 to Perimeter Highway
Proposed expressways
Upgrading of Highway 75 to expressway status
Twinning and upgrading Highway 59 to expressway status (Perimeter Highway to Highway 52).
Twinning & upgrading of Highway 16 to expressway status
Upgrading the rest of Highway 1 as an expressway
Extension of Route 17 as an expressway
Twinning, extending, and upgrading Highway 110 as an expressway.
See also
Expressways
Manitoba expressways
John Lee Williamson ( – November 30, 1996) was an American basketball player. He helped the New York Nets win two league championships in the American Basketball Association (ABA) in the 1970s.
Williamson played high school basketball at Wilbur Cross High School in New Haven, Connecticut and played college basketball at New Mexico State University. He was a 6'2" guard. He was nicknamed "Super John" for his highly efficient jump shooting.
High school career
While at Wilbur Cross High School, Williamson played on the Connecticut state champion teams of 1966–67 and 1967–68. In the 1968 title game, Cross won over Bridgeport Central, 123–82. Williamson's teammates, Alex Scott (24 points), and Clint Davis (40 points) led the way in the romp for Cross's third consecutive title. Williamson contributed 17 points, which was his average that year.
In 1969, Cross was runner-up to crosstown rival Hillhouse in 1968–69, losing 76-71 in the final. For Williamson's senior (1969–70) year, he led the nation in scoring, averaging 38.7 points per game. His team was upset in a semi-final match, once again playing Bridgeport Central, with an ending score of 105–103.
College career
Williamson went on to team up with Scott and Davis at New Mexico State University where he averaged 27 points per game within 2 years.
Professional career
As a rookie, Williamson landed a roster spot with the New York Nets of the ABA as a free agent for the 1973–74 season. Before signing with the ABA Nets, he had been eligible for the NBA draft that year, being selected by the Atlanta Hawks in the 6th round with the 96th pick, but didn't make the cut for their roster. Despite being a rookie, Williamson quickly entered the New York starting lineup along with superstar Julius Erving and rising star rookie Larry Kenon (who would get traded a couple years later). After Williamson became a starter, the team's fortunes quickly turned for the better and the team ended up winning the ABA Championship that season. Williamson was named to the 1974 ABA All-Rookie team.
Continuing with the Nets, Williamson, in Game 6 of the 1976 ABA Finals, scored 28 points with 16 of them coming in the fourth quarter; both him and Julius Erving offensively carried the team, combining for 59 points (31 of them from Erving) leading the Nets to come back from 22 points behind to win the game, the series and the ABA championship.
In the 1976–77 season, Williamson was traded to the Indiana Pacers midseason; in the middle of the next season he was traded back to the Nets. The Nets would make the playoffs in 1978-79 with Williamson scoring a then record 38 points for an NBA playoff debut. The Nets would however lose 0-2 in the series to the Philadelphia 76ers. In the 1979–80 season he was traded from the Nets to the Washington Bullets which would be the last team he played for before the end of his NBA career until the 1980–81 season. By this time Williamson had completely declined as a player despite being only 29 years old and wouldn't return to the NBA after that season due to contract disagreements in free agency and not maintaining a healthy weight to play.
In 1982, he would play for the CBA Las Vegas Silvers in an attempt to get recruited back into the NBA but never received any offers.
In his ABA/NBA career Williamson scored 9,017 points. He averaged between 11.5 and 29.5 points in every ABA/NBA season except for his last.
Williamson still holds Nets team records in various categories, including most free throw attempts in a game, with 24 (since tied by Vince Carter and Devin Harris).
Williamson's jersey number (23) was retired by the New York/New Jersey Nets franchise on December 7, 1990; Williamson is one of three players who were with the Nets during their ABA days with a retired number; the other two are Bill Melchionni and Julius Erving.
Personal life
After professional basketball, Williamson would end up working in a juvenile detention center back in his hometown of New Haven, Connecticut.
At age 45, Williamson died of kidney failure related to diabetes on November 30, 1996. He is survived by his wife Bertha Williamson and his four children.
ABA and NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left; background:#afe6fa;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|New York (ABA)
| 77 || || 29.4 || .491 || .182 || .789 || 2.8 || 3.2 || 1.1 || .4 || 14.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|New York (ABA)
| 75 || || 25.0 || .482 || .231 || .837 || 2.0 || 2.6 || .8 || .3 || 11.5
|-
| style="text-align: left;background:#afe6fa;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|New York (ABA)
| 76 || || 29.7 || .450 || .190 || .806 || 2.5 || 2.5 || 1.0 || .4 || 16.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|New York
| 42 || || 40.5 || .445 || || .789 || 2.8 || 2.1 || 1.4 || .1 || 20.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Indiana
| 30 || || 38.6 || .480 || || .784 || 2.5 || 3.7 || 1.6 || .2 || 20.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Indiana
| 42 || || 34.5 || .421 || || .832 || 2.9 || 3.1 || 1.1 || .0 || 19.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|New Jersey
| 33 || || 38.8 || .454 || || .857 || 3.2|| 2.5 || 1.4 || .3 || 29.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|New Jersey
| 74 || || 35.9 || .465 || || .854 || 2.6 || 3.4 || 1.2 || .2 || 22.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|New Jersey
| 28 || || 27.5 || .447 || .421 || .864 || 1.9 || 3.1 || .9 || .3 || 17.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Washington
| 30 || || 20.1 || .430 || .188 || .800 || 1.5 || 1.3 || .3 || .3 || 11.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Washington
| 9 || || 12.4 || .321 || .167 || .833 || .8 || 1.9 || .4 || .1 || 4.7
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"|Career
| 516 || || 30.1 || .458 || .234 || .826 || 2.5 || 2.8 || 1.1 || .3 || 17.5
Playoffs
|-
| style="text-align:left; background:#afe6fa;"|1974
| style="text-align:left;"|New York (ABA)
| 14 || || 30.4 || .450 || .000 || .815 || 3.3 || 2.9 || .7 || .4 || 11.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|1975
| style="text-align:left;"|New York (ABA)
| 5 || || 23.6 || .605 || .000 || .615 || 2.0 || 2.0 || .2 || .6 || 12.0
|-
| style="text-align:left; background:#afe6fa;"|1976
| style="text-align:left;"|New York (ABA)
| 10|| || 36.0 || .497 || .333 || .696 || 2.4 || 2.6 || 1.0 || .3 || 22.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|1979
| style="text-align:left;"|New Jersey
| 2 || || 46.0 || .371 || || .813 || 3.0 || 4.0 || 2.0 || .0 || 29.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|1980
| style="text-align:left;"|Washington
| 2 || || 15.5 || .579|| .333 || 1.000 || 1.0 || .5 || .0 || .0 || 13.5
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"|Career
| 33|| || 31.1 || .478 || .250 || .743 || 2.7 || 2.6 || .8 || .4 || 16.2
References
External links
1951 births
1996 deaths
African-American basketball players
American men's basketball players
Atlanta Hawks draft picks
Basketball players from New Haven, Connecticut
Deaths from kidney failure
Indiana Pacers players
Las Vegas Silvers players
National Basketball Association players with retired numbers
New Mexico State Aggies men's basketball players
New Jersey Nets players
New York Nets players
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
Point guards
Shooting guards
Washington Bullets players
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
Duqm Port is a seaport located in the Duqm, Oman. The port is equipped with a Ship Repair Yard & Drydock facility.
In August 2017, the Oman and the U.K. governments jointly established the UK Joint Logistics Support Base at Duqm Port. The port has sufficient space and depth to berth the Royal Navy's ski-jump carriers. In 2018, the port was used for Exercise Saif Sareea 3, a 10-day long military exercise. Also in 2018, the Indian government announced that it would use Duqm Port for maintenance of Indian military vessels.
In March 2019, the U.S. embassy announced an agreement for U.S access to the ports at Salalah and Duqm. In September 2020, the UK Defence Secretary announced a plan to triple the size of its base at the Omani port.
Dry dock
The dry dock complex includes ship repair and maintenance facilities. It was opened in 2011. In 2021, the yard began small-scale ship building.
References
Transport in Oman
Ports and harbours of Oman
RMS Rangitiki was a passenger liner owned by the New Zealand Shipping Company. She was one of three sister ships (the other sisters were and ) delivered to the company in 1929 for the route between Britain and New Zealand. Rangitiki was built by John Brown & Company at Clydebank, Scotland and launched on 27 August 1928.
Rangitiki measured just under 16,700 gross register tons, her registered length was and her beam was . She carried 598 passengers in 1st, 2nd and 3rd classes and had refrigerated cargo space of . The ship was powered by two Brown-Sulzer type diesel engines with a total output of , turning twin propellers.
Service history
Ordered in 1927, Rangitiki was launched in 1928 and entered service with the New Zealand Shipping Company in 1929 sailing between Great Britain and New Zealand on the route via the Panama Canal.
At the start of the Second World War the ship was used for transporting children from Britain to Australia before being converted into a troopship. In November 1940 Rangitiki was the largest ship in Convoy HX 84 when the convoy was attacked by the . Rangitiki and most other ships in the convoy escaped due to the actions of escort Captain Edward Fegen, commander of , who sacrificed himself and his ship to give the merchant ships the time to get away. The following month the Rangitiki had another close shave when sailing as part of Convoy WS 5, the convoy was attacked by .
Returned to service between Britain, Australia and New Zealand in 1945 the Rangitiki carried numerous servicemen home from Britain as well a number of war brides. Following an extensive refit in 1947–48 the ship was then used by the New Zealand Shipping Company and continued in service until July 1962 when after 87 peacetime return voyages between Britain and New Zealand it was withdrawn. Sold for scrap, Rangitiki sailed to Spain and was broken up in Valencia in October 1962.
Modifications in service
Both before and after its maiden voyage the ship was found to have stability issues especially when sailing in ballast so modifications including reducing the height of the ship by removing most of the bridge deck, shortening the funnels and adding more permanent ballast were made.
During the refit in 1947–48 the John Brown built Sulzer type engines were replaced with two Doxford diesel engines with a total power output of raising the ships maximum speed to . At the same time passenger capacity was reduced to 405.
References
1928 ships
Passenger ships of the United Kingdom
Ships built on the River Clyde
Ships of the New Zealand Shipping Company
Troop ships of the United Kingdom
World War II merchant ships of the United Kingdom
Valentin Fedorovich Khokhryakov (Russian: Валентин Федорович Хохряков, born 22 June 1928, Kuybyshev) is a Soviet and Russian scientist, internal dosimetry specialist, PhD in biology (1966), doctor of biology (1986), Professor (2006), awarded the USSR State Prize (1983), adjunct professor of the University of Utah (USA). He worked since 1957 at the . He is the author and coauthor of more than 170 research papers.
Career and research
In 1950, he graduated from Physics faculty of Leningrad State University. He was sent to Mayak PA where he had worked as an engineer and senior engineer (1951-1953). At age 25 (1953) he became a faculty member in the "Evening Department #1" of Moscow Engineering Physics Institute (Ozersk Branch of Moscow Engineering Physics Institute), was one of the founders of the Department of General Physics, at the same time lecturing on dosimetry, general and theoretical physics.
Following invitation of he had started dosimetry and radiobiology scientific study as the Chairman of the Medical Sanitary Unit #71 Biophysics Laboratory (1957).
Valentin Khokhryakov obtained his PhD degree in March 1966.
In 1967, he was elected and became the Head of the first Internal Dosimetry Laboratory in USSR that was in . Valentin Khokhryakov had created the laboratory in a short time, participated in the development and creation of a hardware and methodological complex for measuring fission fragments and actinides in the human body in the Experimental Department and in Clinic of professional radiation pathology. During his work, he has developed the basic principles and outlined ways to solve many problems of internal dosimetry. He has created and developed a dosimetric control system for personnel of the entire nuclear industry. He has developed a computational model based on an original system for estimating the solubility of aerosols of transuranic nuclides.
In his doctoral thesis, he has explored modelling biokinetic plutonium processes in human body (1986).
For many years he was a member of the editorial board of “Emergency medicine” (Russian: "Медицина катастроф"), now he is a member of the editorial board of "Radiation Safety Issues" (Russian: "Вопросы радиационной безопасности").
5 PhD theses were generated under the guidance of Valentin Khokhryakov.
Awards and honours
Valentin Khokhryakov has received many honors, including a USSR State Prize (1983), medals "For Labour Valour", "Veteran of Labour", II Degree Medal of the Order "For Merit to the Fatherland" (1997), the badge "Excellent worker in healthcare", the badge "Veteran of nuclear energy and industry" (1997).
Personal life
He lives in Ozersk, Chelyabinsk oblast, Russia.
Publications
His h-index in the International bibliographic and reference database Scopus reaches 23. Some of the most cited publications:
1990s
2000s
2010s
References
1928 births
Living people
Scientists from Samara, Russia
Recipients of the Medal of the Order "For Merit to the Fatherland" II class
Recipients of the USSR State Prize
Radiobiologists
Saint Petersburg State University alumni
Gonzalo Armando de la Carrera Correa (born 13 January 1962) is a Chilean politician who was elected as deputy on 21 November 2021. Militant of the conservative Republican Party, he considers himself as liberal inside José Antonio Kast's party. Similarly, he was a militant of Evópoli, party from which he resigned in 2019.
He was CEO of La Polar and vice-president of the ENAP.
References
External links
Living people
Evópoli politicians
Republican Party (Chile, 2019) politicians
21st-century Chilean politicians
Chilean anti-communists
1962 births
Ahmed Al-Minhali (born 5 May 1999) is a Qatari footballer who plays as a left back for Qatari club Al-Sailiya.
References
1999 births
Living people
Qatari footballers
Association football fullbacks
Al-Sailiya SC players
Al-Duhail SC players
Qatar Stars League players
Qatar youth international footballers
Qatar under-20 international footballers
The Jerome Bonaparte Pillow House (sometimes the Thompson-Pillow House) is a historic house at 718 Perry Street in Helena, Arkansas. Architect George Barber designed the house, and it was built by Jerome B. Pillow in 1896. The building was donated to the Phillips Community College of the University of Arkansas Foundation and was restored by that body as well as several members of the community who were successful in restoring the property to its original Queen Anne beauty. The Thompson-Pillow House was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 and was opened after restoration in 1997.
Architecture
The Pillow - Thompson House exhibits many key characteristics of Queen Anne architecture, and is one of the finest examples of the style in Helena. The wraparound porch, overhanging gables, ornamented eaves, spindel work, polygon tower, and terra cotta roof tiles are all common in homes of the period built in the Queen Anne style. The exterior columns and balustrades are also common in similar structures.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Phillips County, Arkansas
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Houses in Phillips County, Arkansas
Queen Anne architecture in Arkansas
Houses completed in 1896
National Register of Historic Places in Phillips County, Arkansas
Historic district contributing properties in Arkansas
Shirley Troutman (born 1959/1960) is an American lawyer and jurist who has served as an associate judge of the New York Court of Appeals since 2022. She served as an associate justice of the New York Supreme Court, Appellate Division from 2016 to 2022.
Education
Troutman received her Bachelor of Science from State University of New York at Buffalo in 1982 and her Juris Doctor from Albany Law School of Union University.
Legal and academic career
During her legal career, Troutman served as an Assistant United States Attorney for the Western District of New York, as an assistant attorney general for the State of New York and an assistant district attorney for Erie County. She has served as an adjunct professor at University at Buffalo Law School and the Buffalo State College.
Judicial career
Troutman was elected to the Buffalo City Court in 1994. She then served as a judge of the Erie County Court from 2003 to 2009. She later served as a justice of the Supreme Court, 8th Judicial District from 2010 to 2016. In February 2016, Governor Andrew Cuomo appointed Troutman to the New York Supreme Court, Appellate Division, Fourth Department.
New York Court of Appeals service
In April 2021, Troutman was one of seven nominees recommended to Governor Andrew Cuomo to fill the vacancy left by the retirement of Judge Leslie Stein; that seat was eventually filled by Madeline Singas. On November 24, 2021, Governor Kathy Hochul nominated Troutman to the seat on the New York Court of Appeals vacated by Judge Eugene M. Fahey when he retired on December 31, 2021. The Senate confirmed her on January 12, 2022. Her formal investiture ceremony took place on April 5, 2022. Troutman is the second African-American woman to serve on the state court of appeals.
References
External links
20th-century births
20th-century American judges
20th-century American women lawyers
21st-century American judges
African-American judges
African-American lawyers
Albany Law School alumni
American women judges
Assistant United States Attorneys
Buffalo State College faculty
District attorneys
Judges of the New York Court of Appeals
Living people
New York (state) state court judges
Place of birth missing (living people)
University at Buffalo alumni
University at Buffalo faculty
Year of birth uncertain
21st-century women judges
In enzymology, a phosphopentomutase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
alpha-D-ribose 1-phosphate D-ribose 5-phosphate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, alpha-D-ribose 1-phosphate, and one product, D-ribose 5-phosphate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically the phosphotransferases (phosphomutases), which transfer phosphate groups within a molecule. The systematic name of this enzyme class is alpha-D-ribose 1,5-phosphomutase. Other names in common use include phosphodeoxyribomutase, deoxyribose phosphomutase, deoxyribomutase, phosphoribomutase, alpha-D-glucose-1,6-bisphosphate:deoxy-D-ribose-1-phosphate, phosphotransferase, and D-ribose 1,5-phosphomutase. This enzyme participates in pentose phosphate pathway and purine metabolism. It has 3 cofactors: D-ribose 1,5-bisphosphate, alpha-D-Glucose 1,6-bisphosphate, and 2-Deoxy-D-ribose 1,5-bisphosphate.
Structural studies
The first published description of a structure of a prokaryotic phosphopentomutase was in 2011. Structures of Bacillus cereus phosphopentomutase as it was purified, after activation, bound to ribose 5-phosphate and bound to glucose 1,6-bisphosphate are deposited in the PDB with accession codes , , and , respectively.
References
Boyer, P.D. (Ed.), The Enzymes, 3rd ed., vol. 6, 1972, p. 407-477.
EC 5.4.2
Enzymes of known structure
The 2011 Giro d'Italia Femminile, or Giro Donne, was the 22nd running of the Giro d'Italia Femminile. It was held over ten stages from 1 to 10 July 2012, starting in Rome and finishing with an individual time trial in San Francesco al Campo near Turin.
Stages
Stage 1
1 July: Rome > Velletri – 86 km
Stage 2
2 July: Pescocostanzo > Pescocostanzo – 91 km
Stage 3
3 July: Potenza Picena > Fermo – 104,3 km
Stage 4
4 July: Forlimpopoli > Forlì – 101 km
Stage 5
5 July: Altedo > Verona – 129 km
Stage 6
6 July: Fontanellato > Piacenza – 128 km
Stage 7
7 July: Rovato > Grosotto – 122 km
Stage 8
8 July: Teglio > Valdidentro – 70 km
Stage 9
9 July: Agliè > Ceresole Reale – 114,8 km
Stage 10
10 July: San Francesco al Campo – Individual time trial – 16 km
Classification
There were five different jerseys awarded in the 2011 Giro Donne. These followed the same format as those in the men's Giro d'Italia, and as in the men's race, the leader of the general classification received a pink jersey. This classification was calculated by adding the combined finishing times of the riders from each stage, and the overall winner of this classification is considered the winner of the Giro.
The other jerseys differ in colour from those of the men's Giro:
The points classification was awarded the maglia ciclamino or mauve jersey. Points are awarded for placements at stage finishes as well as at selected intermediate sprint points on the route, and the jersey is received by the rider with the most overall points to their name.
The mountains classification was awarded the green jersey (maglia verde). Points were allocated for the first few riders over selected mountain passes on the route, with more difficult passes paying more points, and the jersey is received by the rider with the most overall points to their name.
The white jersey (maglia bianca) for the best young rider was given to the highest-placed rider on the general classification aged 23 or under on 1 January 2011 (i.e. born in or after 1988).
The blue jersey (maglia azzura) was given to the highest-placed Italian rider on the general classification.
Classification progress
Final standings
General classification
Source:
Further reading
In November 2013 a book named Strijd in het vrouwenpeloton: de Giro door de ogen van Marianne Vos en Ellen van Dijk was published. The book is about the experiences of Ellen van Dijk and Marianne Vos of this Giro d'Italia Femminile edition.
Jeanine Laudy, Jan Willem Verkiel,: Strijd in het vrouwenpeloton: de Giro door de ogen van Marianne Vos en Ellen van Dijk (), Tirion Sport .
References
External links
Giro d'Italia Femminile
Giro d'Italia F
Giro d'Italia Femminile
Liepāja Nicolai Gymnasium was a six-year (later seven) gymnasium (high school) in Liepāja (Libau), Courland Governorate, Russian Empire.
It was established in 1865 on the basis of a school that traced its roots to 1848. The school was named in honor of Nicholas Alexandrovich, Tsesarevich of Russia. The school building was constructed in 1883–1885 by architect Paul Max Bertschy. The school was diverse in students' religious and ethnic background. For example, in 1884, out of 398 pupils, 161 were Evangelical Lutherans (41.2%), 130 Jews (33.3%), 76 Catholics (19.4%) and 22 Eastern Orthodoxs (5.6%). The curriculum devoted substantial attention to the Latin and Greek languages. The language of instruction was switched from German to Russian in 1887.
The school continued to function until its evacuation to Petrograd during World War I (1915).
Principals
School principals were:
Karl Lessevs (Carl Lessew, 1865–1869)
Nikolai Lenstrēms (Nicolai Lenström, 1870–1883)
Albert Volgemuts (Albert Wohlgemuth, 1883–1905)
Nicolai Papilov (1905–1908)
Prominent students
Many prominent Latvian, Lithuanian, Polish, and German people studied at the gymnasium, including:
Leonas Bistras, Prime Minister of Lithuania
Balys Dvarionas, Lithuanian composer
Oswald Külpe, German psychologist
Gabriel Narutowicz, President of Poland
Stanisław Narutowicz, Signatory of the Act of Independence of Lithuania
Issai Schur, Jewish mathematician
Salomėja Stakauskaitė, one of the first group of women parliamentarians in Lithuania
Konstanty Skirmunt, Polish diplomat and Minister of Foreign Affairs
Aleksandras Stulginskis, President of Lithuania
Juozas Tūbelis, Prime Minister of Lithuania
Antanas Vienuolis, Lithuanian writer
Max Weinreich, Jewish linguist
References
Liepāja
Schools in Latvia
Educational institutions established in 1865
1865 establishments in the Russian Empire
Educational institutions disestablished in 1915
Farewell, My Lovely is a novel by Raymond Chandler, published in 1940, the second novel he wrote featuring the Los Angeles private eye Philip Marlowe. It was adapted for the screen three times and was also adapted for the stage and radio.
Plot
Private detective Philip Marlowe is investigating a dead-end missing person case when he sees a felon, Moose Malloy, barging into a nightclub called Florian's, looking for his ex-girlfriend Velma Valento. The club has changed owners, so no one now there knows her. Malloy ends up killing the black owner of the club and escaping. The murder case is assigned to Lt. Nulty, a Bay City police detective who has no interest in the murder of a black man. Marlowe advises Nulty to look for Malloy's girlfriend, but Nulty prefers to let Marlowe do the routine legwork and rely on finding Malloy based on his huge size and loud clothes. Marlowe decides to follow up and look for the girl.
He tracks down Mrs Jessie Florian, the widow of the nightclub's former owner, and plies her with bourbon. Mrs Florian claims Malloy's girlfriend is dead. Before making further progress, Marlowe receives a call from a man named Lindsay Marriott, who claims his friend has been robbed and requests Marlowe's presence in delivering a ransom payment for stolen jewellery. Later that evening, in a deserted canyon, Marlowe waits in the dark and is hit on the head from behind. When he awakes, Marriott is dead. A passerby, Anne Riordan, finds him and takes him home.
Lt. Randall, the cunning but honest Los Angeles cop investigating Marriott's murder, is skeptical about the story. At Marlowe's office, Anne explains that she is from Bay City, a policeman's daughter interested in local crime. Her father was cashiered by the corrupt cops running the Bay City Police. She tells Marlowe that she learned from Randall that the stolen necklace belongs to a Mrs Lewin Lockridge Grayle, the young wife of a wealthy and influential Bay City resident. Mrs Grayle is a ravishing blonde whom Grayle met when she was singing for the radio station he owned. She married him in Europe under an assumed name, to keep her background secret. Anne offers to have her hire Marlowe to find the necklace.
Marlowe examines some marijuana cigarettes he found on Marriott's body and discovers the card of a psychic, Jules Amthor. He makes an appointment to see him. On a hunch, he investigates Mrs. Florian's house and discovers that Marriott held a trust deed on it, meaning he could foreclose on her at will. Following up with Mrs Florian, she reveals she was once a servant for Marriott's family, and Marlowe suspects she was somehow blackmailing him. Marlowe visits Mrs Grayle, who finds him attractive and hires him, which he can use as an excuse to continue investigating the two murders. They make a date to meet again at the club of a local hoodlum, Laird Brunette, near the spot where Marriott was killed.
At Amthor's office, Marlowe probes him for his connection to Marriott and the drugs. Amthor calls in a pair of Bay City detectives out of their jurisdiction to arrest Marlowe, claiming Marlowe tried to blackmail him, but instead of taking him to jail, they knock him unconscious and lock him up in a private hospital run by Dr. Sonderborg, a drug dealer who keeps him docile with drug injections. Marlowe escapes, but on the way out, he sees Malloy in another room. He discusses the case with Randall, who is annoyed at his persistence in investigating the case. They suspect Marriott of blackmailing wealthy women, in league with Amthor, and return to Mrs Florian's, only to find her murdered, apparently shaken to death by Malloy.
Because of the involvement of the Bay City cops whom Amthor called in, Marlowe visits the corrupt Bay City police chief, John Wax, who brushes him off until Marlowe mentions that he has been hired by Mrs Grayle. Marlowe is then told that Malloy may be hiding out on a gambling boat anchored beyond the three-mile limit and run by Brunette, who also controls the corrupt city government in Bay City. Marlowe sneaks on board with the help of Red Norgaard, another honest cop fired by Bay City, and despite being caught by Brunette, persuades him to pass a message through his criminal network to Malloy.
Marlowe calls Mrs Grayle, ostensibly to have her pick him up at his apartment for their date. Responding to Marlowe's message, Malloy shows up first, and hides when Mrs Grayle arrives. Marlowe confronts her: she is Velma and had used Marriott to keep Mrs Florian in line after she recognised Velma's voice on Grayle's radio station. Marriott had worked as an announcer at the same station. Mrs Grayle convinced Marriott to set up Marlowe to be killed in the canyon, but actually did so to kill Marriott because she viewed him as a 'weak link' who would reveal her secret past. She had also informed on Malloy about the robbery that sent him to prison. When Malloy hears this, he steps out to confront Velma, who shoots him fatally and flees. Amthor, Sonderborg, and the crooked cops are all exposed; Red gets his job back. Velma flees, but when she is eventually tracked down in Baltimore, she kills the detective who recognizes her, and commits suicide when cornered.
Characters
Philip Marlowe
Lt. Nulty
Lt. Carl Randall
Moose Malloy
Mrs. Jessie Florian
Lindsay Marriott
Jules Amthor
Dr. Sonderborg
Mr. Lewin Lockridge Grayle
Mrs. Lewin Lockridge Grayle, also known as Velma Valento
Laird Brunette
Anne Riordan
John Wax
Background
Chandler worked on the book from June to December 1939, before destroying the entire typescript and starting again. He completed the novel in the spring of 1940.
Farewell, My Lovely, like many of Chandler's novels, was written by what he called cannibalising previous short stories—taking previously written short stories and altering them to fit together as a novel. This practice is sometimes known as a fix-up. In this case the three stories were "Try the Girl", "Mandarin's Jade", and "The Man Who Liked Dogs".
"Try the Girl" provided the initial story about a hoodlum looking for his old girlfriend who has moved on to a more respectable life. "Mandarin's Jade" was the basis for the middle sections about a jewel theft which may or may not have actually happened, the murder of a blackmailer, and a corrupt psychic who works with a crime ring. "The Man Who Liked Dogs" provided the final part, where the detective is looking for a criminal and his search ultimately takes him to a gambling boat anchored off the Santa Monica coast, out of reach of the local law.
In all of the initial stories, the criminals and motives are clearly explained by the end. However, as Chandler adapted and integrated the stories—which were originally written completely independently—he cared more about the style of writing and the characters than about making sure every plot point fit together with consistency and lucidity. As he said of his work, "my whole career is based on the idea that the formula doesn't matter, the thing that counts is what you do with the formula; that is to say, it is a matter of style." Chandler used this writing style to develop his themes of corruption, social decay, cynicism and fatalism.
Chandler used recognizable locations in Los Angeles as settings, but he created the fictional town of Bay City as a stand-in for Santa Monica, known for its widespread corruption in city government during the Great Depression.
Film adaptations
Farewell, My Lovely was the first Philip Marlowe novel to be filmed. In 1942, The Falcon Takes Over, a 65-minute film that was the third in the Falcon series about Michael Arlen's gentleman sleuth Gay Lawrence (played by George Sanders), used the plot of Farewell, My Lovely. In 1944, Dick Powell played the part of the hard-boiled detective, named Philip Marlowe this time, in a classic film noir release—alternatively entitled Murder, My Sweet (in the United States) and Farewell, My Lovely (in the UK)—two years before cinema-goers saw Humphrey Bogart as Philip Marlowe in The Big Sleep (1946). In 1975, Robert Mitchum starred in a remake of Farewell, My Lovely.
Although not technically an adaptation, the "Harlem Nocturne" episode of the television series The New Mike Hammer (Aired 26 November 1986 on CBS) borrowed major plot details from the novel's story of the search by a huge ex-con for his former girlfriend and criminal partner, including the fight in the bar and someone deliberately identifies a photo incorrectly and then being killed.
Radio adaptations
The novel was adapted on BBC Radio 4 by Bill Morrison, directed by John Tydeman and broadcast on 22 September 1988, starring Ed Bishop as Marlowe. BBC Radio 4, as part of its Classic Chandler series, also broadcast on 19 February 2011 a dramatic adaptation by Robin Brooks, with Toby Stephens as the hardboiled detective. It was adapted in a condensed form under the title of Murder My Sweet on Hollywood Star Time, broadcast on 8 June 1946, starring Dick Powell.
Cultural references
In the first shot after the opening titles of Get Carter, the character played by Michael Caine is seen reading a paperback copy of the book.
In the opening episode of the television series Bored to Death, the character Jonathan Ames, played by Jason Schwartzman, is inspired to become a private detective after reading the book.
The novel's title was used as the subtitle of the Japanese version of the video game Sakura Wars V, but this reference was lost in the translation.
The fourth and final case in the video game Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney − Justice for All is called "Farewell, My Turnabout," a reference to the novel's title.
In 2015 video game, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, the title of the mission "Va Fail, Elaine" translates into "Farewell, beauty," a reference to the novel's title.
References
External links
Outline of the plot by William Marling (includes an explanation of some literary allusions)
1940 American novels
1940 British novels
Alfred A. Knopf books
American novels adapted into films
British novels adapted into films
American detective novels
Hardboiled crime novels
Novels by Raymond Chandler
Novels set in Los Angeles
Love, Me (stylized in sentence case) is the debut extended play (EP) by Canadian singer Lennon Stella. The EP was released on November 16, 2018 by Columbia Records. Stella collaborated with six musicians during the production of Love, Me, including American producer Greg Kurstin and New Zealand producer Joel Little. Four tracks were issued as singles from the EP: "Bad", "Breakaway", "La Di Da", and "Feelings". Love, Me follows Stella's appearance on the song "Polaroid" with English producer Jonas Blue and One Direction vocalist Liam Payne.
Track listing
Charts
References
2018 debut EPs
Columbia Records EPs
Albums produced by busbee
Albums produced by Stint (producer)
Albums produced by Joel Little
Albums produced by Greg Kurstin
Albums produced by Sam de Jong
Lennon Stella albums
Jan Werle (born 15 January 1984) is a Dutch chess grandmaster.
Junior success
He learned the moves at the age of five, after watching his father play with a friend. Rapid progress brought him much junior success across the various age groups of both national and regional championships. There were medal-winning performances at the European Youth Chess Championships at Kallithea in 2000 and 2001, where respectively, he took bronze in the Under-16 and silver in the Under-18.
Further chess activity
Werle continued to develop quickly over the next few years, by combining a structured coaching regime with frequent tournament practice. He became an International Master in 2001 and a grandmaster five years later.
Asked about his chess style, he comments that he regards himself primarily as a positional player, but one that can cope well with tactical complications. His fighting spirit has also been a strength, but his opening play was for many years a weakness. Recently, he has worked with Dutch number one Ivan Sokolov to improve the opening phase of his game and with club-mate Sergei Tiviakov, has analyzed some of the games of the old masters, such as Botvinnik, Smyslov and Petrosian. He laments the passing of a time when such creative geniuses could fashion themselves an original playing style; regrettably, the advent of the computer era has, above all else, placed a strong focus on precise analysis.
His tournament record is so far impressive; runner-up at Groningen 2005 and at the Corus 'C' Group (Wijk aan Zee) 2006, winner of the Essent Open 2006 and winner at Lodi in 2007. At Liverpool in 2008, he made only a last-minute decision to enter the EU Individual Open Chess Championship and surprised everyone by winning the event, ahead of many of Europe's leading players, including Michael Adams, Nigel Short, Étienne Bacrot and Maxime Vachier-Lagrave.
Team events
In the German Bundesliga, he was playing for many years for SG Aljechin Solingen, alongside compatriots Daniel Stellwagen, Jan Smeets and Sipke Ernst. In 2015/2016, he joined the Bundesliga team of Werder Bremen.
He also plays league chess in the Netherlands and speaks highly of his experiences in England, where he has represented the Bristol team in the 4NCL.
Although he is yet to play for the national team in formal competition, he has been a regular participant of the Howard Staunton Memorial Tournament in London (which occasionally doubles as an informal England vs Netherlands match).
Other interests
Werle has studied law at Groningen University while continuing to improve his chess. He admits that he finds the mental rigours of two such analytical and memory-intensive disciplines extremely demanding and can see the benefits of combining academic study with a more physical sport. His favourite sporting pastimes are football, tennis and rowing.
Regarding the future, his aspirations as a professional chess player are quite modest and he thinks it more likely that his long-term future will be as a practitioner of civil law.
Werle married Romanian chess Woman Grandmaster Iozefina Păuleţ on 7 September 2019.
Notable chess games
Jan Werle v Daniel Fridman - played at the 7th round of the EU championships in Liverpool 2008.
Jan Werle v Peter Wells - played at the Staunton Memorial, London 2008.
References
Dutch Wikipedia entry
Chessdom Interview
Corus 2007 biography
Jan Werle website homepage
Footnotes
External links
1984 births
Living people
People from Warnsveld
Chess grandmasters
Dutch chess players
Sportspeople from Gelderland
Conny Granqvist (born 30 March 1947) is a former Swedish footballer and manager. A forward, made 133 Allsvenskan appearances for Djurgårdens IF and scored 21 goals.
Honours
Djurgårdens IF
Allsvenskan: 1966
References
Living people
1947 births
Association football forwards
Swedish footballers
Allsvenskan players
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
Swedish football managers
IK Brage managers
Martin Stenzel (born 18 July 1946) is a former German cyclist. He competed in the men's tandem at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1946 births
Living people
German male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of West Germany
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Lądek-Zdrój
Sportspeople from Lower Silesian Voivodeship
Cyclists from Cologne
The Bwa is an African society that is native to Burkina Faso. This society has an approximate population of over 300,000 persons. The Bwa people live in a number of individualized communities. They have no central government, and rely on their community standards. They are most known for their scarification and elaborate plank masks.
History
In the 18th century, Bwa lands were occupied by the Bamana empire who made the Bwa pay taxes. The places left unconquered were raided by the Bamana, which led to a weakening of the Bwa social and political systems. In the 19th century, the Bamana declined and the area was dominated by the Fulani who raided and enslaved the Bwa and stole their livestock. The end of the 19th century brought French mercenaries who used the Fulani to help control the area. The Bwa traditions of storing crops for use in lean years were undermined by the crippling taxation systems of the French and they suffered further from famine from 1911–1913. The French demanded military recruits from the Bwa and in 1915, the Bwa revolted., starting the Volta-Bani War. This war lasted about a year and ended with the destruction of many Bwa villages.
Due to these events, the Bwa turned to their neighboring people, the Nuna. Admiring what they believed to be continuous blessings, the Bwa wanted to adopt some Nuna customs in attempt to please the Nuna God. Obliging, the Nuna taught the Bwa some of their customs and practices. From this, the Bwa purchased the rights to use, wear, and carve wooden masks, their costumes, and the songs and dances that go with them.
Regional Identification
The Bwa live in central Burkina Faso and south-east Mali, between Mali's Bani River and the Mouhoun River (Black Volta) in Burkina Faso. Their total population is approximately 300,000. The major towns occupied by the Bwa are Houndé, Boni, Bagassi, Dossi and Pa.
Early European explorers to the area called the Bwa "Bobo", confusing them with their neighbours the Bobo people. Although the two groups share religion and culture, they are ethnically distinct. The confusion led to alternative names for the Bwa including Bobo Oule, or Eastern Bobo. In Jula, Bobo Oule means "Red Bobo". This distinguishes the Bwa from the Bobo who are called the "Black Bobo".
The White Bobo, Bobo Gbe, are also Bwa.
The southern Bwa became known by their neighbours as Nieniegue meaning "scarred Bwa" as a result of the tradition of scarification of their faces and bodies. This practice is no longer commonplace and so the term is also in decline.
Society and politics
Economy
There are three professional castes within the Bwa society: the farmers, the musicians, and the blacksmiths.
Farming has been a constant way of life for the Bwa. It is their primary source of income with their most successful crop being cotton. Besides cotton, though, the Bwa are known to harvest certain grains such as millet, rice, sorghum, yams, and peanuts. These crops along with other grains and various fruits are used for both nutritional and medicinal purposes.
Music is integral to the Bwa's traditional ceremonies and rituals. While they do use drums, the Bwa are known to craft and play flutes carved from wood.
Blacksmiths in the Bwa society work mostly with bronze to craft masks, figures, utensils, and jewelry. These works can be bought and sold, used for personal use, and/or are utilized during rituals.
Politics
Bwa villages are autonomous and they do not recognise any outside political authority. They are led by a council of male elders who make all the major decisions.
Culture
Language
The Bwa speak Bwa languages, a closely related group of Gur languages of the Niger–Congo family. Some speak Jula (Dioula) for trading and communication with outsiders, and French is also used.
Religion and mythology
The creator deity of the Bwa is known as Wuro, a god who designed the earth with the intention of establishing balance. Wuro was said to be hurt by a human, and in return, he decided to send his eldest son Dwo to act as the communication line between him and the people. Wuro had three sons: Dwo, the god of rebirth, Soxo, the god of the wilderness, and Kwere, the lightning god. Two and his significance is heavily depicted in the Boni Bwa's ceremonial leaf masks. Animism is the main religious belief practiced by the Bwa. In fact, the art work that the Bwa are known for is primarily used for animist practices—specifically that of Nuna origin.
Denominations
Nuna practices still hold firm in the Bwa culture. In relation, there is a group called the Cult of Do (or Dwo). They are led by the village's eldest male member, the Labie (also known as the earth priest.)
With that being said, they have also adopted both Islam and Christianity as a result of their prior invasions.
Practices
While the Bwa are famous for their masks, it is the purpose behind the pieces that provides the real significance. Using these masks, along with scepters and diverse body adornments, the Bwa will dance and perform these items in representation of different spirits. Those Bwa members who have gone through initiation—a process of transitioning from a child to an adult member of society—are grouped together in age grades. During ceremonies, they adorn and praise the masks that are being performed as a group. It is also important to note that these mask performances are not gender specific. Women are very much a part of these events just as much as their male counterparts.
Tools
The Bwa use various divination sculptures and carvings to carry out significant ceremonies and practices. While sculpted figures are a rare art of the Bwa's, the pieces would be used for events such as divination ceremonies, fertility rituals, and offered sacrifices.
Art
Masks
Style
The Bwa masks are usually black and white; additional colors are subject to individual carvers and their styles. Animal depictions are a common attribute of the works. Plank Masks are the most known style of masks for this society. they are vertically shaped and attached to a disk-like base. Decoration is subject to change, but it mostly comes down to zigzags, squares, and circles. The Bwa also make horizontal and heterogenous masks. Heterogenous masks have an ovoid head with round and/or diamond eyes. Sometimes, the artist will choose to add on designs such as crescents or human figures.
Use
The Bwa are well known for their use of traditional tribal masks. There are several types of masks produced by the Bwa that are used in traditional rituals.
In particular the Southern Bwa are known for their tall plank masks, known as nwantantay, and tend to use wood to make their masks. This is a result of their adoption of Nuna religion and their traditions of using wooden masks. The religion associated with wooden masks is focused on the spirit Lanle, whose power is manifested through the wooden masks. Nwantantay can also be made of polychrome by the blacksmiths. Built in horizontal shapes, these masks can represent different animals and have specific designs. For example, a butterfly mask would have concentric circles, while a hawk mask would have a plain white surface. these masks are worn for female entertainment.
The northern Bwa use leaf masks more than wooden ones. These leaf masks frequently represent Dwo in religious ceremonies. The masks also represent the bush spirits including serpents, monkeys, buffalo and hawks. Mask performances generally take place in the dry season between February and May.
Bronzeworks
Blacksmiths are also known to make utensils and body adornments for their people. These pieces, much like the masks, tend to represent animals and their attributes associated with them. For example, a blacksmith may use a hyena to show stupidity or a bush cow to symbolize strength. The most common depictions are of the double chameleon and the hornbill. The chameleon would be mostly used by women who want to have children but cannot.
Instruments
Flutes are used daily. They are usually played in sets of 5 to 9 pieces. By playing short diverse patterns in an interlocking form, the musicians tell a story. It is a form of communication—reproducing the speech of tonal languages. They are commonly accompanied by dances.
References
Notes
Bibliography
Bacquart, Jean-Baptiste (1998). The Tribal Arts of Africa. Thames and Hudson.
Decalo, Samuel (1994). Burkina Faso: World Bibliographical Series, Volume 169.Clio Press.
Dagan, Esther A (1997). The Spirits Dance in Africa Evolution, Transformation, and Continuity in Sub-Sahara. Galerie Amrad African Arts Publications.
Engberg-Pedersen, Lars (2003). Endangering Development: Politics, Projects, and Environment in Burkina Faso. Praeger Publishers.
LaGamma, Alisa (2002). Genesis: Ideas of Origin in African Sculpture. Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Roy, Christopher D.; Thomas G. B. Wheelock (2007). Land of the Flying Masks: Art and Culture in Burkina Faso. Prestel Verlag.
Traditional Sculpture from Upper Volta: an Exhibition of Objects from New York Museums and Private Collections: the African-American Institute, October 24, 1978-March 24, 1979. The Institute.
Ethnic groups in Burkina Faso
Ethnic groups in Mali
Mathapari is a census town in the Matigara CD block in the Siliguri subdivision of Darjeeling district in the state of West Bengal, India.
Geography
Location
Mathapari is located at .
Bairatisal, Tari, Jitu, Bara Mohansingh and Mathapari form a cluster of census towns as per map of Matigara CD block on page 265 of District Census Handbook, Darjeeling.
Area overview
The map alongside shows the Siliguri subdivision of Darjeeling district. This area is spread across the foothills of the Himalayas and is a plain land gently sloping from north to south. While the northern part is mentioned as the Terai region, the larger southern portion forms the western part of the Dooars region. While 55.11% per cent of the population resides in the rural areas, 44.89% resides in the urban areas. On the western side the Mechi River forms a long border with Nepal. On the eastern side the Mahananda River forms a short border with Bangladesh.
Note: The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the subdivision. All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map.
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census of India, Mathapari had a total population of 11,529 of which 5,903 (51%) were males and 5,626 (49%) were females. There were 1,367 persons in the age range of 0 to 6 years. The total number of literate people in Mathapari was 7,857 (68.15% of the population over 6 years).
Infrastructure
According to the District Census Handbook 2011, Darjiling, Mathapari covered an area of 2.0963 km2. Among the civic amenities, the protected water supply involved tap water from treated sources, it had 1,600 domestic electric connections and 70 road lighting points. Among the medical facilities, it had 2 dispensaries/ health centres, 4 maternity and child welfare centres, 2 veterinary hospitals, 10 medicine shops. Among the educational facilities it had were 3 primary schools, 1 middle school, 1 secondary school, the nearest senior secondary school at Pathar Ghata, 1 km away. Among the social cultural and recreational facilities it had were 1 public library, 1reading room. It had the branch of 1 nationalised bank.
References
Cities and towns in Darjeeling district
Shape moiré is one type of moiré patterns demonstrating the phenomenon of moiré magnification. 1D shape moiré is the particular simplified case of 2D shape moiré. One-dimensional patterns may appear when superimposing an opaque layer containing tiny horizontal transparent lines on top of a layer containing a complex shape which is periodically repeating along the vertical axis.
Description
Shape moiré is sometimes referred as band moiré. The opaque layer with transparent lines is called the revealing layer. The layer containing the periodically repeating shapes is called the base layer. The period of shapes in the base layer is denoted as pb. The period of transparent lines in the revealing layer is denoted as pr. The periods of both layers must be sufficiently close. The superimposition image reveals the shapes of the base layer stretched along the vertical axis. The magnified shapes appear periodically along the vertical axis. The dimensions along the horizontal axis are not changed. If the complex shape of the base layer is a sequence of symbols (e.g. a horizontal text) compressed along the vertical axis, then the superimposition of the revealing layer can restore the original proportions of these symbols. The size along the vertical axis, pm, of the magnified optical shape is expressed by the following formula:
Negative values of pm signify mirrored appearance (the magnified shapes will be inverted along the vertical axis) of the stretched shapes.
When the revealing layer is moved along the vertical axis, the magnified shapes move along the vertical axis at a faster speed. The speedup factor is expressed by the following formula:
Negative values of vm / vr signify the movement of optical shapes in reverse direction.
Examples
When pr > pb, the magnified shapes appear normally, but they move in reverse direction compared to the movement of the revealing layer. See the figure below:
When pr < pb, the magnified shapes appear inverted along the vertical axis, but they move in the same direction as the revealing layer. See the figure below:
Line moiré
Line moiré can be considered as a particular case of shape moiré when the shape embedded in the base layer is simply a straight or curved line.
References
External links
Shape moiré intro page: USA, Switzerland
Geometry
Interference
Patterns
Printing
Capital Market Authority or Capital Markets Authority may refer to:
Capital Market Authority (Egypt)
Capital Markets Authority of Kenya
Capital Market Authority (Lebanon)
Capital Market Authority (Oman)
Capital Markets Authority of Saudi Arabia
Capital Markets Authority of Uganda
The Pacific Research Institute for Public Policy (PRI) is a California-based free-market think tank which promotes "the principles of individual freedom and personal responsibility" through policies that emphasize a free economy, private initiative, and limited government. PRI was founded in 1979 by British philanthropist Antony Fisher.
Sally Pipes has been president of the institute since 1991. She writes a regular column for Forbes.com, focusing on health care in the United States. In 2008 she founded the Benjamin Rush Institute as a conservative association for medical students with 20 chapters at medical schools across America. She is originally from Canada and became a U.S. citizen in 2006. She opposes single-payer health care systems.
Policy areas
The organization is active in the policy areas of education, economics, health care, the environment, and water supply. It operates the Center for California's Future, which has a goal of "reinvigorating California's entrepreneurial, self-reliant traditions" and the Laffer Center, which is "focused on educating people on free-markets and supply-side economics."
From 1996 through 2009, the organization published an annual Index of Leading Environmental Indicators, which tracked environmental trends worldwide. PRI started the Center for Medicine in the Public Interest, a New York-based think tank focusing on health policy.
In 2022, Pipes opposed federal efforts to cap copayments at $35 for insulin, and PRI opposed plans by California to back generic manufacturing of the drug.
Finances
PRI's total revenues in 2020 were $5.6 million, according to ProPublica's Nonprofit Explorer database. The Lilly Endowment, connected to Eli Lilly and Company, is a significant donor, contributing $175,000 a year in grants to PRI since 2015, according to The Intercept.
See also
American Enterprise Institute
Cato Institute
State Policy Network
References
External links
Organizational Profile – National Center for Charitable Statistics (Urban Institute)
Organizations based in California
Political and economic think tanks in the United States
Research institutes in California
Conservative organizations in the United States
1979 establishments in California
Collierville is a census-designated place in San Joaquin County, California. Collierville sits at an elevation of . The 2020 United States census reported Collierville's population was 2,698.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP covers an area of 6.6 square miles (17.1 km2), 99.85% of it land, and 0.15% of it water.
Demographics
The 2010 United States Census reported that Collierville had a population of 1,934. The population density was . The racial makeup of Collierville was 1,552 (80.2%) White, 14 (0.7%) African American, 21 (1.1%) Native American, 49 (2.5%) Asian, 1 (0.1%) Pacific Islander, 229 (11.8%) from other races, and 68 (3.5%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 518 persons (26.8%).
The Census reported that 1,912 people (98.9% of the population) lived in households, 22 (1.1%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 0 (0%) were institutionalized.
There were 667 households, out of which 239 (35.8%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 420 (63.0%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 57 (8.5%) had a female householder with no husband present, 48 (7.2%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 36 (5.4%) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships, and 8 (1.2%) same-sex married couples or partnerships. 113 households (16.9%) were made up of individuals, and 59 (8.8%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.87. There were 525 families (78.7% of all households); the average family size was 3.18.
The population was spread out, with 459 people (23.7%) under the age of 18, 157 people (8.1%) aged 18 to 24, 395 people (20.4%) aged 25 to 44, 602 people (31.1%) aged 45 to 64, and 321 people (16.6%) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.5 males.
There were 714 housing units at an average density of , of which 519 (77.8%) were owner-occupied, and 148 (22.2%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 3.0%; the rental vacancy rate was 5.1%. 1,440 people (74.5% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 472 people (24.4%) lived in rental housing units.
Climate
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Collierville has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csa" on climate maps.
References
Census-designated places in San Joaquin County, California
Census-designated places in California
The Swedish Theological Institute (STI) is an institute in Jerusalem supported by the Church of Sweden.
Christian students of theology can gain a deeper understanding of Judaism at the Institute, and also of Christianity and Islam.
Purpose
The institute gives theology students the opportunity to study in a city that has played a central role in three of the world's major religions.
The institute provides a place where Christians, Jews and Muslims can meet.
It helps to eradicate prejudice against Jews.
More recently the institute has gained a greater emphasis on research into subjects such as Christian Zionism.
Organization
The STI is mostly funded by the Church of Sweden, but gets about one third of its income from tuition fees.
It has eleven employees of whom four are Swedish and the remaining seven are locals.
The school is closely associated with the Lund University.
Professor Jesper Svartvik, who teaches at the institute, is from the university.
Student groups from Lund visit the institute for short but intensive courses in the holy land.
The STI maintains contact with the Sigtuna foundation, the Swedish Institute in Alexandria and the Swedish Research Institute in Istanbul.
The school also maintains links in Jerusalem with the Hebrew University, Tantur Ecumenical Institute, Jerusalem Center for Jewish-Christian Relations and other organizations.
Activities
The STI provides courses where students can study and conduct research at Master and Doctoral levels.
Shorter courses are offered that can contribute to a university degree for students from Sweden and other countries.
Course are offered in both English and Swedish.
STI also provides a base where students and researchers can live or study while in Jerusalem.
The Chapel of Saint Bridget provides a place of worship for the local Swedish congregation.
Lutheran services are held there regularly in the Swedish language.
Campus
The STI campus is located in Tabor House, on the Street of the Prophets, in the Musrara neighborhood, just outside the Old City. The house was built by the German architect and missionary Conrad Schick (1822–1901).
The house, surrounded by a walled courtyard, was completed in 1889 and was Schick's home until his death in 1901. It combines different styles, both western and eastern, modern and traditional.
The building has classrooms, a library where students can study, a chapel and offices. There is also a kitchen, dining room, common meeting room and a few rooms where overnight guests can stay.
References
Education in Jerusalem
Church of Sweden
Street of the Prophets, Jerusalem
1951 establishments in Asia
Brusnik is an uninhabited volcanic island in the Croatian part of the Adriatic Sea. The island is part of the Dalmatian archipelago.
Name
The island's name comes from the word brus ("whetstone"), because volcanic rocks from the island were used for making whetstones.
Location
The island is located 12 NM west of Komiža, town on island of Vis, and 2 NM south-west from the island of Svetac (Sv. Andrija).
The area of the island is 3 ha. Brusnik is 320 m long, 205 m wide, and has 30 meter high cliffs. The east coast is steep and difficult to reach, while the west coast is glacis toward the sea.
Flora and fauna
In 1951, the island was declared a geological monument of nature.
On the island, there is the endemic species of black lizard (Podarcis melisellensis melisellensis). The surrounding sea is rich with fish, especially blue fish.
See also
Croatia
Vis (island)
Dalmatia
References
Bibliography
External links
http://www.nika-adventure-tours.com/hr/brusnik-svetac.php
http://www.adriatica.net/croatia/feature/brusnikijabuka_hr.htm
Islets of Croatia
Islands of the Adriatic Sea
Uninhabited islands of Croatia
Landforms of Split-Dalmatia County
Volcanic islands
Table tennis at the 1995 Southeast Asian Games is being held in the Gymnasium 2, Chiang Mai University in Chiang Mai, Thailand from 10 to 15 December 1995.
Medalists
Medal table
References
External links
1995
Southeast Asian Games
Table tennis competitions in Thailand
1995 Southeast Asian Games events
Chiang Mai
Karrowalteria is an extinct genus of therocephalian therapsids from the Middle Permian of South Africa. It belongs to the family Scylacosauridae, and resembles the genera Pristerognathus and Scymnosaurus. It is known from a single species, Karrowalteria skinneri, named by South African paleontologists A. S. Brink and J. W. Kitching in 1958 to replace the preoccupied Walteria which was named in honor of Alex J. Walter Skinner, who found the holotype skull near Laingsburg, Western Cape.
References
Scylacosaurids
Guadalupian synapsids
Guadalupian synapsids of Africa
Guadalupian genus first appearances
Guadalupian genus extinctions
Therocephalia genera
Seminole County is a county located in the southwestern corner of U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 8,729. The county seat is Donalsonville.
History
The state constitutional amendment to create the county was proposed July 8, 1920, and ratified November 2. The area for the new county was taken from land which was originally part of Decatur and Early counties. It is named for the Seminole tribe of Native Americans, who once lived in the Chattahoochee River basin within the county, before European settlement forced their move to the Florida everglades. According to legend, the celebrated Seminole chief Osceola was born in what is today Seminole County.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (8.3%) is water.
The bulk of Seminole County is located in the Spring Creek sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin). The county's entire western border with Florida is located in the Lower Chattahoochee River sub-basin of the same ACF River Basin. A tiny southeastern corner of Seminole County, all part of Lake Seminole, is located in the Lower Flint River sub-basin of the same larger ACF River Basin. It is the only county in Georgia that borders both Alabama and Florida.
Major highways
U.S. Route 84
State Route 38
State Route 39
State Route 45
State Route 91
State Route 91 Alternate
State Route 253
State Route 285
State Route 374
Adjacent counties
Miller County (northeast)
Decatur County (east)
Jackson County, Florida (southwest)
Houston County, Alabama (northwest)
Early County (north-northwest)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 9,369 people, 3,573 households, and 2,597 families living in the county. The population density was 39 people per square mile (15/km2). There were 4,742 housing units at an average density of 20 per square mile (8/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 61.75% White, 34.66% Black or African American, 0.18% Native American, 0.18% Asian, 2.79% from other races, and 0.45% from two or more races. 3.70% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,573 households, out of which 29.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.10% were married couples living together, 17.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.30% were non-families. 24.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.01.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.20% under the age of 18, 8.60% from 18 to 24, 26.40% from 25 to 44, 23.00% from 45 to 64, and 15.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 91.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $27,094, and the median income for a family was $33,221. Males had a median income of $25,909 versus $20,194 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,635. About 15.80% of families and 23.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 35.10% of those under age 18 and 18.60% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 8,729 people, 3,509 households, and 2,471 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 4,797 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 63.2% white, 33.1% black or African American, 0.4% Asian, 0.1% American Indian, 0.1% from other races, and 0.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 34.8% were American, 12.6% were Irish, and 6.0% were English.
Of the 3,509 households, 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were married couples living together, 17.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.6% were non-families, and 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.95. The median age was 43.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,666 and the median income for a family was $38,339. Males had a median income of $33,965 versus $23,896 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,263. About 19.3% of families and 25.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 37.2% of those under age 18 and 15.7% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 9,147 people, 3,363 households, and 2,162 families residing in the county.
Communities
Donalsonville (county seat)
Iron City
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Seminole County, Georgia
References
External links
Official Website of Donalsonville-Seminole County Chamber of Commerce Includes the City of Donalsoville and Iron City
Seminole County School System Includes the City of Donalsonville, Iron, and Entirely Seminole County
Seminole County Clerk of Court
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Georgia placenames of Native American origin
1920 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1920
The Cantharoid beetles are a deprecated non-monophyletic taxonomic grouping (formerly superfamily Cantharoidea), whose former members are now mostly within the currently accepted superfamily Elateroidea, and some (the former families Drilidae and Omalisidae) are now within Elateridae. One former family, Cneoglossidae, is now in the superfamily Byrrhoidea.
Families
Lampyridae – firefly beetles
Rhagophthalmidae – Asian starworms
Phengodidae LeConte 1861 – glowworm beetles
Brachypsectridae Leconte & Horn, 1883 – Texas beetles
Lycidae – net-winged beetles
Omethidae LeConte, 1861 – false firefly beetles (including Telegeusidae)
Cantharidae – soldier beetles (including Chauliognathidae)
References
External links
Obsolete arthropod taxa
Insect common names
The Amargosa Desert is located in Nye County in western Nevada, United States, along the California–Nevada border, comprising the northeastern portion of the geographic Amargosa Valley, north of the Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge.
The desert is named after the Amargosa River, which was named after the Spanish word for bitter because of the bitter taste of the water.
Geography
The Amargosa Desert lies at an elevation of about , and includes Crater Flat and the community of Amargosa Valley, Nevada, (formerly Lathrop Wells), which lies at the southern end of the desert.
The desert lies between the Funeral Mountains and Death Valley to the west, and Yucca Mountain and the Nellis Air Force Range to the east.
Natural history
The Amargosa Desert is an arid desert habitat and an ecotone between the northern Great Basin and southern Mojave Desert ecosystems and biogeography regions. The seasonal Amargosa River course runs through the desert, with the rare Shoshone pupfish in nearby Amargosa Pupfish Station of the Desert National Wildlife Refuge Complex.
History
Prehistory
It is not known when the first humans settled in the Amargosa Desert. Ancient campsites have been found that date back at least 10,000 years, to the end of the last ice age. Recent examination of archaeological remains in the valley implies more extensive use by aboriginal peoples than had been previously estimated. Pottery and other artifacts have been found that date back from approximately 1000 A.D. to even earlier times. During the nineteenth century, two groups of Native Americans occupied the Amargosa Valley: the Southern Paiute and the Western Shoshone. Both were extremely adept at extracting a living from their marginal environment, subsisting on wild plant foods and supplemented by wild game.
European exploration
The first community in the Amargosa Desert was founded circa 1905 as the result of extensive borax mining in the area. In 1907, two railroads started to service the borax, gold, silver, lead and other important mineral mining and processing operations in the surrounding region. The Tonopah and Tidewater Railroad (T and T) ran between Ludlow, California and Gold Center (just south of present-day Beatty), Nevada. The competing Las Vegas and Tonopah Railroad line linked Las Vegas to Goldfield, Nevada. As mining yields and economics changed, the railroads became less viable. The Las Vegas and Tonopah line was abandoned in 1918, and the T and T was shut down on June 14, 1940. By mid-1942, all of the T and T's rails and scrap iron had been salvaged by the U.S. Department of War in support of World War II. Only sections of the graded railroad bed remain; the U.S. Bureau of Land Management (BLM) constructs and maintains hiking trails along some portions of the old railroad bed in California.
Modern development did not begin in the valley until the early 1950s. Electric power, other than that produced by private generators, was not available until 1963. Until the early 1990s growth in Amargosa Valley was minimal. More recently, intense growth in Las Vegas has led many new residents to settle in Amargosa Valley and nearby Pahrump. Amargosa Valley is served by the 775 area code, and most landline phone numbers in the area utilize the 372 exchange, following the format (775) 372-xxxx. The ZIP code is 89020.
Amargosa Valley is near the controversial Yucca Mountain Repository, a U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) facility on federal land, designed for the storage of high-level nuclear waste. President George W. Bush signed House Joint Resolution 87 on July 23, 2002, authorizing the DOE to proceed with construction at Yucca Mountain, although the facility was not expected to accept its first shipments of radioactive materials before 2012. The facility's main entrance will be in Amargosa Valley, approximately 14 miles (23 km) south of the storage tunnels. In 2009 President Barack Obama stated that the repository was no longer being considered as a site for the long-term storage of nuclear waste.
Solar power plant
Amargosa Farm Road Solar Project was a proposed 500-megawatt (MW) solar power plant in Nye County, Nevada at 36° 34' 31.52"N, -116° 29' 35.52"W. Originally designed as a concentrating solar power (CSP) project, the project was converted to photovoltaic (PV) technology. Solar Millennium went bankrupt and the project stalled. A smaller 65MW PV plant on private land was proposed by First Solar in 2013.
Climate
Amargosa Valley has a mild desert climate with very hot summer days and mild winters. The hottest recorded temperature in Amargosa Valley is 118 °F (47.7 °C) on July 9, 2002 and the coldest temperature was 6 °F (-14.4 °C) on December 22, 1990. Average yearly precipitation is 4.29 inches.
Transportation
The principal highways serving Amargosa Valley are U.S. Route 95 which runs north–south (NE-SW as it passes through Amargosa) connecting Las Vegas and Reno, and State Route 373, which runs north–south connecting Amargosa Valley to Death Valley Junction via California State Route 127.
Recreation
Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge features approximately 23,000 acres (93 km2) of spring-fed wetlands and is managed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. The refuge provides habitat for at least 24 plants and animals found nowhere else in the world. Four fish (Devil's Hole pupfish, Amargosa pupfish, Warm Springs pupfish, and Ash Meadows speckled dace), one insect (Ash Meadows naucorid), and one plant (Amargosa nitewort) are currently listed as endangered species. Ash Meadows NWR can be accessed via SR 373 in Amargosa Valley, SR 160 near Crystal, Nevada or from Bell Vista Road west of Pahrump. Entrances to the refuge are marked with road signs.
Big Dune is a formation of sand dunes, cresting approximately above surrounding terrain. The dune formation and surrounding land is administered by the BLM and is open to motorized and non-motorized recreational uses. Big Dune is accessible from Valley View Road, approximately south of U.S. 95.
Notes
External links
Deserts of Nevada
Deserts of California
Great Basin deserts
Mojave Desert
Geography of Nye County, Nevada
Geography of Inyo County, California
Death Valley National Park
Natural history of the Mojave Desert
Natural history of Nye County, Nevada
Siege of Ganja may refer to:
Siege of Ganja (1213), successful siege of the city of Ganja, by the Georgians under King George IV
Siege of Ganja (1606), successful siege of the city of Ganja, by the Safavids
Siege of Ganja (1734), successful siege of the city of Ganja, by the Safavids
The black-and-white monjita (Heteroxolmis dominicanus) is a species of passerine bird in the family Tyrannidae.
It is found in Argentina, Brazil, Uruguay (where it can still be found at the Quebrada de los Cuervos), and possibly Paraguay.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland, arable land, and pastureland.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
The black-and-white monjita is the only species in the genus Heteroxolmis. It is sometimes placed in the genus Xolmis.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Tyrannidae
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Uruguay
black-and-white monjita
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Cannabis consumption in pregnancy may or may not be associated with restrictions in growth of the fetus, miscarriage, and cognitive deficits. The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommended that cannabis use be stopped before and during pregnancy. There has not been any official link between birth defects and marijuana use. Cannabis is the most commonly used illicit substance among pregnant women.
Cannabis has an ancient tradition of usage as a medicine in obstetrics and gynecology, and a comprehensive historical review find that cannabis extracts, may represent an efficacious and safe alternative for treatment of a wide range of conditions in women including dysmenorrhea, dysuria, hyperemesis gravidarum, and menopausal symptoms.
Endocannabinoid system
The role of the endocannabinoid system (ECS) in female fertility has long been suspected and studied. Most studies through 2013 linking development of the fetus and cannabis show effects of consumption during the gestational period, but abnormalities in the endocannabinoid system during the phase of placental development are also linked with problems in pregnancy. According to Sun and Dey (2012), endocannabinoid signaling plays a role in "female reproductive events, including preimplantation embryo development, oviductal embryo transport, embryo implantation, placentation, and parturition". Karusu et al (2011) said that a "clear correlation ... in the actual reproductive tissues of miscarrying versus healthy women has yet to be established. However, the adverse effects of marijuana smoke and THC on reproductive functions point to processes that are modulated by ECS.".
Recent data indicates that endometrial expression of cannabinoid receptors in marijuana smoking mothers is higher than non-smokers. Keimpema and colleagues (2011) said, "Prenatal cannabis exposure can lead to growth defects during formation of the nervous system"; "[c]annabis impacts the formation and functions of neuronal circuitries by targeting cannabinoid receptors ... By indiscriminately prolonging the "switched-on" period of cannabinoid receptors, cannabis can hijack endocannabinoid signals to evoke molecular rearrangements, leading to the erroneous wiring of neuronal networks". A report prepared for the Australian National Council on Drugs concluded cannabis and other cannabinoids are contraindicated in pregnancy as they may interact with the endocannabinoid system.
Research
Although conclusions cannot be drawn from existing data, there is some evidence that prenatal exposure to cannabis may be associated with deficits in language, attention, cognitive performance, and delinquent behaviors. THC exposure in rats during the prenatal developmental phase may cause epigenetic changes in gene expression, but there is limited knowledge about the risk for psychiatric disorders because of ethical barriers to studying the developing human brain. While animal studies cannot take into account factors that could influence the effects of cannabis on human maternal exposure, such as environmental and social factors, a 2011 review of rodent studies by Campolongo et al. said there was "... increasing evidence from animal studies showing that cannabinoid drugs ... induce enduring neurobehavioral abnormalities in the exposed offspring ..." Campolongo et al. added that "clinical studies report hyperactivity, cognitive impairments and altered emotionality in humans exposed in utero to cannabis". Martin et al. investigated recent trends in substance abuse treatment admissions for cannabis use in pregnancy in the US, based on Treatment Episodes Data Set (TEDS) from 1992 to 2012, and discovered that, while the proportion of treatment admissions for pregnant women was stable (about 4%), the admissions for women who were pregnant and reported any marijuana use grew from 29% to 43%. A 2015 review found that cannabis use by pregnant mothers corresponded to impaired brain maturation in their children, and that those children were more predisposed to neurodevelopmental disorders; these results do not demonstrate causality.
The National Institute on Drug Abuse states that further research is required to "disentangle" effects of cannabis use from a mother's concomitant drug use and other environmental factors. A 2016 meta-analysis showed that after accounting for confounding factors, cannabis alone was not responsible for adverse neonatal outcomes.
Pregnancy and miscarriage by endocannabinoids
The endocannabinoid (EC), a N-acylethanolamine (NAE), Anandamide (AEA: C22H37NO2; 20:4, ω-6), that is synthesized "on demand", is the key to a successful pregnancy and outcome, by a temporary low amount, coursed by high FAAH activity, at the uterine lining. The lower AEA content uses the CB1 receptors, that are at high levels on the blastocyst (fertilized egg), to make the attachment to the lining of the uterus. Another study have also shown, that healthy women, with higher lymphocyte FAAH, have lower blood AEA compared to aborting women.
As low level of AEA, called on and synthesized "on demand" if needed to activate related receptors, and broken down by FAAH, is necessary for attachment and prevention of miscarriage, and abortion, it is found that the phytocannabinoid Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC: C21H30O2), that can mimic "the called" AEA activation at CB1 and CB2 receptors, is able to lower blood AEA (and the demand for it) by a biphasic reaction. Anandamide (AEA) reach maximal values at 30 min., as it increase slightly from 0.58 ± 0.21 ng/ml at baseline to 0.64 ± 0.24 ng/ml (p < 0.05). After reaching maximal concentrations, the EC plasma levels (also 2-Arachidonoylglycerol (2-AG: C23H38O4; 20:4, ω-6) decrease markedly to a nadir of 300 min after THC administration, to 0.32 ± 0.15 ng/ml for anandamide, and the plasma concentrations returned to near baseline levels until 48 hours after the experiment in 25 healthy volunteers, who received a large intravenous dose of THC (0.10 mg/kg).
The endocannabinoid-CB1-receptor system is found unique in its absolute control over the initiation of the milk suckling response in new-borns, and It is further proposed that cannabis-based medicines should be developed to benefit infant failure to thrive.
Developmental observations suggest that CB1 receptors develop only gradually during the postnatal period, which block for the psychoactive effects of cannabinoid treatment in the young organism. Therefore, it is suggested that children may respond positively to medicinal applications of cannabinoids without undesirable central effects. Clinical results have been reported in pediatric oncology and in case studies of children with severe neurological disease or brain trauma, and cystic fibrosis (CF) suggesting cannabinoid treatment for children or young adults, in order to achieve an improvement of their health condition including improved food intake and reduced inflammatory exacerbations. In CF mice treated with THC in infancy show normal motor activity and anxiety levels in adulthood. As the etiology of CF is associated with an imbalance of fatty acids (n6 and n3), and therefore assumed, that endocannabinoid activity, which plays an important role in fertility, is disrupted and could be one of the causes of infertility, a study find CF males treated with THC fully fertile, producing offspring comparable by the number of litters and the number of pups with wild-type mice, and there counterparts, not treated, were completely infertile. Thereby, mild stimulation of the endocannabinoid system in infancy and adolescence appears to normalize many reproductive processes and prevent infertility in CF males.
Morning sickness/hyperemesis gravidarum
Hyperemesis Gravidarum (HG), is a debilitating ailment characterized by severe nausea and vomiting, malnutrition, and weight loss during pregnancy, and occurs to 1-2% of pregnant women globally. It is a perplexing female mystery for the present-day medical establishment. The frustration is mostly felt by women who are survivors of HG, desperately searching for a cure and increased understanding of this disease. Several pregnant women have revealed their personal experience with cannabis, having used it to relieve symptoms of HG, who would otherwise have become severely emaciated, dehydrated, and malnourished due to persistent, uncontrollable vomiting and the inability to eat and drink in their pregnancy.
See also
Drugs in pregnancy
N-acylethanolamine (NAE)
References
Obstetrics
Pregnancy
Allium taquetii is a species of Allium native to the southern Korean peninsula and Jeju Island. In Korean it is called the Halla chive (한라부추) because it grows on the slopes of Mt. Halla, the shield volcano that is Jeju Island. Some sources treat it as a synonym of Allium thunbergii.
In Korea it is grown for its floral interest, and its scapes are occasionally eaten as an herb similar to other chives and green onions.
References
taquetii
Endemic flora of South Korea
Plants described in 1908
Kate Ellen Louisa Cutler (14 August 1864 – 14 May 1955) was an English singer and actress, known in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries as an ingénue in musical comedies, and later as a character actress in comic and dramatic plays. She is possibly best known for walking out of the lead role in Noël Coward's The Vortex in 1924 shortly before opening night.
Early years
Cutler was born in Marylebone, London, daughter of Henry Cutler, a singer, and his wife Mary Ann, née Tims. She trained at a conservatoire in Watford, north of London, where one of her tutors described her as "an ideal Cherubino" in Mozart's The Marriage of Figaro. Her career, however, took her not into opera, but into operetta and then musical comedy.
Musical stage
In 1888, she appeared in London at Toole's Theatre as Inez in Charles Lecocq's Pepita, and the following year created the role of Malaguene in Robert Planquette's Paul Jones. Her debut in musical comedy was in George Edwardes's In Town at the Gaiety Theatre in 1893, in a small ingénue role and later deputising for the star, Florence St. John. Later that year, she was similarly cast as Lady Edytha Aldwyn in A Gaiety Girl, also covering for and later succeeding Decima Moore in the lead role. In 1895, she was a replacement player in the title role in The Shop Girl at the Gaiety and appeared in Gentleman Joe at the Prince of Wales's Theatre and as Connie in All Abroad at the Criterion Theatre.
The same year, Cutler played the title role, Trilby, in A Model Trilby; or, A Day or Two After Du Maurier, by Charles H. E. Brookfield and William Yardley, with music by Meyer Lutz, produced at the Opera Comique by the retired Nellie Farren. The piece was a burlesque of the Haymarket Theatre's hit adaptation of the 1894 George du Maurier novel Trilby. The Times thought that Cutler was "winsome and engaging". The Daily Telegraph wrote that she was "the best and most willing of all the Trilbys, an actress of real charm. Whenever she warbles a sweet little melody, or prides herself on her string of lovers, or whistles a plaintive refrain, the new Trilby is from first to last attractive and delightful". In 1896, she played Dorothy in Monte Carlo at the Avenue Theatre.
After playing such junior roles in musical comedies, Cutler achieved star status as the title character, Suzette, in The French Maid in 1897, followed by further successes as Elsie Crockett in Little Miss Nobody the following year, Catarma in L' Amour Mouille in 1899 and Angela in Florodora that same year. In April 1900, Cutler married her first husband, Sidney Ellison, who was the director and choreographer of Florodora. The marriage was unsuccessful, and they separated before his death in 1930. She next played Victoria Chaffers in H.M.S. Irresponsible in 1901.
Cutler's other successes in this period included A Chinese Honeymoon (as a replacement in the role of Princess Soo-Soo in 1902), Norah Chalmers in The Girl from Kays (1902), Grace Rockingham in The Love Birds (1904) and Victoire in A Man's Shadow. She played this role in a Command Performance at Windsor Castle on 17 November 1904. The next year, she originated the role of Baroness Papouche in The Spring Chicken (1905). Her appearances in musical comedy were well received, with The Times commenting, "Miss Cutler may be depended upon to make the most of what she undertakes ... A soothing tint of freshness in a great deal of blare and noise". While appearing in The Spring Chicken, Cutler took a special omnibus every day, between acts, from the Gaiety Theatre to the Palace Theatre, where she appeared for 20 minutes in Hero and Heroine. The bus contained a dressing room in which she changed from one costume to another each way on the short journey.
Comedy and character roles
After 1905, Cutler gave up the musical stage and concentrated on comic plays. She appeared with Herbert Beerbohm Tree as Felise in a revival of The Red Lamp and as Lady Stutfield in A Woman of No Importance in 1907. In 1908, she played Peggy in All-of-a-Sudden Peggy, played Nan in Good for Nothing, toured as Dorothy in Her Son, and had a success as Madame Henriette in Bellamy the Magnificent. These were followed by roles too numerous to name over the next fifteen years. She played both in English classics, such as The Rivals, and in new works by Somerset Maugham and Max Beerbohm, co-starring with Charles Hawtrey, Marie Lohr, Lewis Waller and George Alexander, among others.
In the 1920s, Cutler, by then in her late fifties, continued to play a varied and busy schedule of leading and character roles appropriate for her age. She is perhaps most remembered, however, for one that she did not play. Cast as the nymphomaniac mother in Noël Coward's early play The Vortex (1924), she pulled out of the role less than a week before the piece was due to open, upset by a last-minute rewrite that she believed diminished her role. Coward managed to recruit Lilian Braithwaite to take on the role. The play was a sensational success, with Cutler, as Coward said, throwing away one of the best opportunities of her life. Cutler subsequently had good roles in classic and new plays, including The Country Wife, and Dear Octopus.
Cutler performed in films between 1929 and 1938, including Such Is the Law (1930), The Great Gay Road (1931), Lord of the Manor (1933), Come Out of the Pantry (1935) and Moscow Nights (1935). Her last film was Pygmalion in 1938. The Manchester Guardian said of her in an obituary notice, "She proved that an actress who can play the lead in musical comedy can go on to play the lead in anything else. ... She was a really accomplished actress with that indefinable quality which we call style."
Cutler's second husband, Major Charles Dudley Ward, predeceased her. She died at her home in London, age 90.
Notes
References
Coward, Noël. Present Indicative''. Heinemann 1937. Methuen reissue, 2004
External links
Photo of Cutler in All of a Sudden, Peggy (1905)
Photo of Cutler in The Girl from Kays (1902)
Photo on a cigarette card (1895) as Trilby
English musical theatre actresses
English stage actresses
1864 births
1955 deaths
English women singers
19th-century English actresses
20th-century English actresses
Najma Akbar Ali Heptulla (born 13 April 1940) is an Indian politician. She is the Chancellor of Jamia Millia Islamia since 2017. She was a six time member of the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian parliament, between 1980 and 2016, and Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha for sixteen years when she was a member of Congress. Later she was nominated vice-president of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in 2012, and was a minister from 2014-2016 as a member of BJP in Narendra Modi's first government. From 2016 to 2021, she served as the 16th Governor of Manipur.
She is a second cousin to actor Aamir Khan and grand niece of Maulana Abul Kalam Azad. She contested the 13th vice-presidential election held in August 2007 but lost to Hamid Ansari by 233 votes. She took oath as a cabinet minister in the Narendra Modi headed government on 26 May 2014 and was replaced by Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi in July 2016.
Early life and background
Najma was born as Sayyida Najma bint Yusuf on 13 April 1940 in Bhopal, Bhopal State, in present Madhya Pradesh to Sayyid Yusuf bin Ali AlHashmi and Sayyida Fatima bint Mahmood. She is a Dawoodi Bohra Ismaili Shia Gujarati Muslim with Arab ancestry, as traced by her ancestral roots in the Arabian peninsula as well as Gujarat state. She did her schooling at Motilal Vigyan Mahavidyalaya (MVM) Bhopal, and obtained an M.Sc. and a Ph.D. degree, both in Zoology (Cardiac Anatomy) from Vikram University, Ujjain.
She married Akbar Ali Akhtar Heptulla in 1966, and has three daughters. Her husband, Akbar Ali Akhtar Heptulla, a manpower consultant, was instrumental in the establishment of the Patriot newspaper in the 1960s. He died on 4 September 2007, in New Delhi at the age of 75.
Career
She steadily climbed up in the Indian National Congress party, heading several divisions of the party's grassroots organisations. She was the General Secretary of Congress during 1986 with the additional responsibility of youth activities of the India Congress Committee and the NSUI. Since 1980, she was a member of the Rajya Sabha from Maharashtra for four terms, elected in 1980, 1986, 1992, 1998 as Congress candidate. Najma was the Deputy Chairperson of the Rajya Sabha from January 1985 to January 1986 and from 1988 to July 2004.
Heptulla joined Bharatiya Janata Party in 2004. Media sources reported that she left the Congress apparently due to a strain in relationship with Congress president Sonia Gandhi. Later she alleged that she was personally humiliated by Sonia Gandhi. She declared that she was leaving the party due to the problems with party leadership. In 2007, BJP-led NDA fielded her as a candidate in the elections for the Vice-President of India, which was won by Hamid Ansari.
She was a member of Rajya Sabha, representing Rajasthan for BJP from July 2004 to July 2010. She was nominated by the BJP for the Rajya Sabha in 2012 from Madhya Pradesh, and assumed her office on 24 April 2012 upon election. Under Nitin Gadkari as BJP President, she became one of the 13 vice-presidents of the BJP in 2010, where later when Rajnath Singh took over, she was made a member of the party's national executive. Heptulla served as the Minister of Minority Affairs in Prime minister Narendra Modi's cabinet from 26 May 2014 to 12 July 2016. She said that minorities needed a level playing field in Indian society, but reservation is not the solution as it kills the spirit of competition.
She resigned from her positions as a minister and a member of Rajya Sabha in 2016 when she was nominated Governor of Manipur.
Heptulla was nominated to head the Indian Council for Cultural Relations, ICCR. She also presided over the women parliamentarians' group of the Inter-Parliamentary Union in 1993 and became founder president of the parliamentarians' forum for human development the same year. She was also elected President of Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU), a Geneva-based international organisation at Council's 165th session in Berlin in 1999. She held the post from 16 October 1999 to 27 September 2002. Subsequently, in 2002, at Council's 171st session, she was chosen the Honorary President of the IPU Council. Heptulla was nominated by the United Nations Development Programme as its human development ambassador. Heptulla led a delegation to the UN Commission on Status of Women in 1997.
Heptulla has authored book on AIDS titled "AIDS: Approaches to Prevention". She has also written on human social security, sustainable development, environment, reforms for women and on ties between India and west Asia.
Heptulla faced charges of having morphed a 1958 photograph to show her along with Maulana Abul Kalam Azad in a publication of the Indian Council of Cultural Relations (ICCR). The controversial photograph was published in an ICCR publication titled 'Journey of a legend', on the life of Maulana Azad, a noted scholar and the country's first education minister. He was also the first chairperson of the ICCR and the publication came out when the council was headed by Heptulla. The photograph came with an introduction and showed a young Heptulla with the Maulana. The caption read "Najma Heptulla with Maulana Azad after her graduation". This gave the game away as official inquiries later revealed Heptulla had graduated in May 1958, whereas the Maulana had died on February 22, 1958. The publication was later withdrawn by the ICCR and its revised version is released but without the controversial photograph. Delhi High court had directed the CBI to investigate the case on a public interest litigation filed by ICCR Employees Association president.
Awards and decorations
State honours
:
Recipient of the Order of Friendship (2019)
Awards
Recipient of the Outstanding Parliamentarian Award for the year 2013
References
External links
Detailed Profile
1940 births
Living people
Indian vice-presidential candidates
Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha
Vikram University alumni
Rajya Sabha members from Maharashtra
Dawoodi Bohras
Indian Ismailis
Gujarati people
Indian Shia Muslims
Indian people of Arab descent
Hashemite people
Rajya Sabha members from Rajasthan
Rajya Sabha members from Madhya Pradesh
People from Bhopal
Indian Muslims
Women in Madhya Pradesh politics
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Madhya Pradesh
Narendra Modi ministry
Ministers of Minority Affairs
Women members of the Cabinet of India
20th-century Indian women politicians
20th-century Indian politicians
21st-century Indian women politicians
21st-century Indian politicians
Rajya Sabha members from the Bharatiya Janata Party
Women members of the Rajya Sabha
Governors of Manipur
Women state governors of India
In geometry, a triakis octahedron (or trigonal trisoctahedron or kisoctahedron) is an Archimedean dual solid, or a Catalan solid. Its dual is the truncated cube.
It can be seen as an octahedron with triangular pyramids added to each face; that is, it is the Kleetope of the octahedron. It is also sometimes called a trisoctahedron, or, more fully, trigonal trisoctahedron. Both names reflect that it has three triangular faces for every face of an octahedron. The tetragonal trisoctahedron is another name for the deltoidal icositetrahedron, a different polyhedron with three quadrilateral faces for every face of an octahedron.
This convex polyhedron is topologically similar to the concave stellated octahedron. They have the same face connectivity, but the vertices are in different relative distances from the center.
If its shorter edges have length 1, its surface area and volume are:
Cartesian coordinates
Put , then the 14 points and , and are the vertices of a triakis octahedron centered at the origin.
The length of the long edges equals , and that of the short edges .
The faces are isosceles triangles with one obtuse and two acute angles. The obtuse angle equals and the acute ones equal .
Orthogonal projections
The triakis octahedron has three symmetry positions, two located on vertices, and one mid-edge:
Cultural references
A triakis octahedron is a vital element in the plot of cult author Hugh Cook's novel The Wishstone and the Wonderworkers.
Related polyhedra
The triakis octahedron is one of a family of duals to the uniform polyhedra related to the cube and regular octahedron.
The triakis octahedron is a part of a sequence of polyhedra and tilings, extending into the hyperbolic plane. These face-transitive figures have (*n32) reflectional symmetry.
The triakis octahedron is also a part of a sequence of polyhedra and tilings, extending into the hyperbolic plane. These face-transitive figures have (*n42) reflectional symmetry.
References
(Section 3-9)
(The thirteen semiregular convex polyhedra and their duals, Page 17, Triakisoctahedron)
The Symmetries of Things 2008, John H. Conway, Heidi Burgiel, Chaim Goodman-Strass, (Chapter 21, Naming the Archimedean and Catalan polyhedra and tilings, page 284, Triakis octahedron)
External links
Triakis Octahedron – Interactive Polyhedron Model
Virtual Reality Polyhedra www.georgehart.com: The Encyclopedia of Polyhedra
VRML model
Conway Notation for Polyhedra Try: "dtC"
Catalan solids
The 2/23rd Battalion was an infantry battalion of the Australian Army, which served during the Second World War. Formed in June 1940 from primarily volunteers from Albury, New South Wales, the battalion served in North Africa in 1941–1942 as part of the 26th Brigade, which was assigned to the 7th Division, before being reassigned to the 9th Division. In early 1943, the battalion returned to Australia and later took part in campaigns against the Japanese in New Guinea in 1943–1944 and Borneo in 1945, before being disbanded in 1946.
History
Formation and establishment
Established at Victoria Barracks, in Melbourne, in June 1940, the 2/23rd Battalion was raised as part of the all volunteer Second Australian Imperial Force and assigned to the 26th Brigade. Under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Bernard Evans, a small cadre of experienced personnel drawn from Victorian Militia units were concentrated at Victoria Barracks prior to the battalion headquarters being relocated to Albury, New South Wales, where a large number of volunteers were completing their recruit training at the 4th Recruit Training Battalion. Upon the conclusion of this course, these recruits were posted to the 2/23rd and the battalion – over 900 strong – moved to Bonegilla, Victoria, just across the border, where more complex collective training was completed prior to departure overseas. A large majority of the battalion's initial intake of volunteers came from the Albury–Wodonga region and as a result, the 2/23rd became known as "Albury's Own". Upon formation, the battalion consisted of a headquarters company consisting of various specialist platoons, and four rifle companies.
The colours initially chosen for the battalion's unit colour patch (UCP) were the same as those of the 23rd Battalion, a unit which had served during the First World War before being raised as a Militia formation in 1921. These colours were brown over red, in a diamond shape, although a border of gray was added to the UCP to distinguish the battalion from its Militia counterpart; this was later changed, though, following the unit's involvement in the fighting at Tobruk, when it adopted a 'T'-shaped UCP.
Middle East
Embarking in November 1940 on the transport Strathmore at Port Melbourne, the 2/23rd arrived in Egypt in mid-December. The battalion's parent brigade was reassigned from the 7th Division to the 9th in early 1941 and just after this, the 2/23rd was sent to Cyrenica, in Libya. A German–Italian offensive from the west, resulted in the withdrawal of British Commonwealth forces back to the vital port of Tobruk. Over the course of eight months starting from early April, the 2/23rd formed part of the garrison during the Siege of Tobruk, during which they took part in defensive actions and counter-attacks as they were moved around the perimeter; casualties were heavy, with over 200 personnel being killed, wounded or captured.
The battalion was withdrawn from Tobruk in October 1941 when they were relieved by Polish troops. A period of reorganisation in Palestine followed before the 2/23rd was sent to Syria in January 1942 to undertake garrison duties. This came to an end in June 1942, when the 9th Division was hurriedly moved to Egypt to help bolster Allied forces fighting around El Alamein. The 2/23rd subsequently took part in both the First and Second Battles of El Alamein; its most significant actions came around Tel el Eisa with the battalion launching two main attacks, one on the ridge in July and another to secure a road to the west of the ridge in October. Both attacks resulted in heavy casualties, with the battalion's losses being around 400 in total; nevertheless, both resulted in some tactical gains before the battalion was withdrawn on 1 November 1942, when the 24th Brigade relieved the 26th. Lieutenant Colonel Reg Wall took over command of the battalion at this time, after Evans was promoted to brigadier to take over the 24th Brigade.
A period of rest followed, and following a request by the Australian government to return the 9th Division to Australia to join the other two divisions that had been redeployed from the Middle East – the 6th and 7th – the 2/23rd began the journey back to Australia. Staging out of Palestine, they sailed upon the Nieuw Amsterdam, reaching Fremantle, Western Australia, on 18 February before proceeding on to Sydney, which was reached on the 25th.
New Guinea and Borneo
The battalion's personnel concentrated at Seymour, Victoria, after taking leave, and the 2/23rd subsequently began a period of training and re-organisation as it was converted to the jungle division establishment. This resulted in the issue of new equipment, and a decrease in the battalion's authorised strength and number of vehicles. Training was completed on the Atherton Tablelands in Queensland, before the battalion moved to Milne Bay, in New Guinea, in August 1943. The following month, on 4 September, they took part in an amphibious landing to capture Lae, during which one of the landing craft the battalion headquarters was travelling in was bombed by a Japanese aircraft, killing the battalion's commanding officer of the time, Lieutenant Colonel Reg Wall. Major Eric McRae assumed temporary command of the battalion until Lieutenant Colonel Frederick Tucker arrived in October. The 2/23rd subsequently took part in a brief advance along the coast driving on Lae from the east through the jungle, with the battalion crossing several rivers along the way. Several minor skirmishes took place during the advance, although the most significant action was fought on the second day of the operation between an isolated platoon and the remnants of a Japanese company, during which the Japanese force was largely destroyed.
Lae fell in mid-September, more quickly than the Allies had expected, as troops from the 7th Division entered the town from the west, but a large part of the Japanese garrison managed to escape inland towards the Huon Peninsula. Shortly afterwards, the 2/23rd took part in a second amphibious landing north of Finschhafen, at a beach designated "Scarlet Beach" by the Allies. Between 22 September and 9 December, the 2/23rd took part in the Huon Peninsula campaign, taking part in significant actions around Sattelberg and Wareo as the Australians advanced inland. Early in 1944, the battalion took part in the advance to Sio as the withdrawing Japanese were pursued north. Their involvement was limited mainly to patrol actions, and no significant battles were fought before the 9th Division was withdrawn from New Guinea and transported back to Australia for rest in February 1944.
For the next year, the battalion was based around Ravenshoe, Queensland, where it was almost completely rebuilt. Strategic uncertainties and the changing war situation meant that it was not committed to a further campaign until very late in the war, when the 9th Division was assigned to Operation Oboe. Within this plan, the 26th Brigade was tasked with capturing Tarakan as part of the Borneo campaign. A preliminary move was made to Morotai Island in April and the following month, the attack was launched. The 2/23rd was assigned a lead role in the initial landing, and after negotiating the muddy landing beach fought its way into Tarakan town. Several actions were fought throughout the day as they came up against Japanese pill-boxes and snipers, but by the end of the first day, the 2/23rd had secured all but one of its initial objectives. The 2/23rd fought several actions to help secure the high ground around the beachhead before moving on to help secure the airfield. Throughout May and June, the fighting continued as the Australians advanced into the steep inland areas of the island. By the middle of June, the fighting had mainly subsided and the battalion began mopping up operations in the central sector of the island, conducting patrols looking for stragglers until July during which clashes continued to occur.
The fighting came to an end in August 1945 following the dropping of the atomic bombs on Nagasaki and Hiroshima and afterwards the 2/23rd was slowly reduced in size as personnel were sent back to Australia for demobilisation or posting. In early December, the remaining members were transported back to Australia on the Stamford Victory and on 17 February 1946, the 2/23rd was disbanded at Puckapunyal, Victoria. Over 3,000 personnel served in the battalion during the war, and casualties amounted to 320 dead from all causes and 773 wounded.
Battle honours
The 2/23rd Battalion received the following battle honours:
North Africa 1941–42, Defence of Tobruk, The Salient 1941, Defence of Alamein Line, El Alamein, South-West Pacific 1943–45, Lae-Nadzab, Finschhafen, Borneo, Busu River, Sattelberg, Wareo and Tarakan.
Commanding officers
The following officers served as commanding officer of the 2/23rd:
Lieutenant Colonel Bernard Evans (1940–1942);
Lieutenant Colonel Reginald Wall (1942–1943);
Major Eric McRae (1943); and
Lieutenant Colonel Frederick Tucker (1943–1945)
Tarakan flag
In 2018, the Australian Flag Society announced the discovery of an Australian flag believed to have used by the 2/23rd Battalion and flown at Lingkas during the invasion of Tarakan. A photographed believed to have been of this event, has in recent years been reidentified as a flag being raised on Sadau Island, Tarakan by the 2/4 Commando Squadron, based on other photographs of this event.
Notes
Footnotes
Citations
References
23
23
23
23
23
Kate Hamill is an American actress and playwright.
Hamill is known for writing and acting in innovative, contemporary adaptations of classic novels for the stage, including Jane Austen's Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice and William Makepeace Thackeray's Vanity Fair.
In 2017, The Wall Street Journal named Hamill "Playwright of the Year," and she has been named one of the most-produced playwrights by Theatre Communications Group (TCG) member theaters in America for three consecutive seasons by American Theatre magazine, which is published by TCG.
Childhood and education
Hamill grew up in a dairy farmhouse in Lansing, New York,
or as she puts it, in "a town with more cows than people.". She was "a small, high-energy, highly emotional child" and "grew up in a household that prized reading and literature". Her bedtime reading featured Greek myths and classic novels, including Jane Austen's works.
She received a BFA in acting from Ithaca College.
Career
Hamill is committed to creating stories that are female-centered and feminist. As a playwright, she has a playful and theatrical style that features absurdity while examining social and gender issues. As an actor, she "tends to play truth-tellers, oddballs, and misfits: complicated people who color outside the lines."
Sense and Sensibility
Hamill's Sense and Sensibility premiered in a short run at New York City's Bedlam Theater Company in November 2014. It had a longer run in 2016 directed by Eric Tucker, also at Bedlam. Hamill played Marianne Dashwood.
Vanity Fair
Vanity Fair was produced by Manhattan's Pearl Theater in 2017, with Ms. Hamill playing Becky Sharp.
Pride and Prejudice
Hamill's adaptation of Pride and Prejudice premiered at the Hudson Valley Shakespeare Festival in 2017, directed by Amanda Dehnert. The production, in which Hamill and her long-term partner, Jason O'Connell, play the leading roles of Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Darcy, transferred to Manhattan's Primary Stages.
Little Women
In 2019, Hamill's adaptation of Little Women opened at the Cherry Lane Theatre, directed by Sarna Lapine.
References
21st-century American dramatists and playwrights
Jane Austen
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American women dramatists and playwrights
21st-century American women writers
American stage actresses
21st-century American actresses
People from Lansing, New York
Actresses from New York (state)
Writers from New York (state)
Ithaca College alumni
Imlach is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Brent Imlach (born 1946), Canadian ice hockey player
Francis Brodie Imlach (1819–1891), Scottish dentist
Gary Imlach (born 1960), British author, broadcaster and journalist (son of Stewart Imlach)
Hamish Imlach (1940–1996), Scottish folk singer
Mike Imlach (born 1962), English footballer (son of Stewart Imlach)
Punch Imlach (1918–1987), Canadian ice hockey coach and general manager
Stewart Imlach (1932–2001), Scottish footballer (father of Gary and Mike)
In organic chemistry, the propargyl group is an alkyl functional group of 2-propynyl with the structure HC≡C−CH2−, derived from the alkyne propyne.
The term propargylic refers to a saturated position (sp3-hybridized) on a molecular framework next to an alkynyl group. The name comes from mix of propene and argentum, which refers to the typical reaction of the terminal alkynes with silver salts.
The term homopropargylic designates in the same manner
a saturated position on a molecular framework next to a propargylic group and thus two bonds from an alkyne moiety.
a 3-butynyl fragment, HCC-CH2CH2-, or substituted homologue.
See also
Alkenyl groups
Allyl
Vinyl group
Ethynyl
Propargyl chloride
Propargyl alcohol
Propargyl bromide
Propiolic acid
References
Alkynyl groups
Functional groups
WEGL 91.1 FM (91.1 FM) is a Class A, non-commercial, FM, College radio station located on the campus of Auburn University in Auburn, Alabama. The station's programming is broadcast at 1,800 watts from a tower situated on Auburn University's campus.
WEGL's broadcast listening area includes the Alabama counties of Lee, Chambers, Macon, Russell, Tallapoosa, and Muscogee County, Georgia. WEGL streams its broadcasts over the internet through its website.
The bulk of funding for the operation of WEGL 91 is allocated by Auburn University's Student Government Association and comes directly from Auburn's students' Student Activity Fees.
WEGL's all-volunteer DJ staff includes various members of the Auburn University student, faculty, and staff populations.
History
WEGL was not the first radio station at Auburn University. In 1922, WMAV began broadcasting from Broun Hall with a 1,500-watt homemade transmitter. It became part of the University's Extension Service and received a new name, WAPI (for the school's name at the time: Alabama Polytechnic Institute.) WAPI was later moved to Birmingham, Alabama.
On June 1, 1970, the Board of Trustees authorized then-University President Harry Philpott to submit an application, on behalf of the Board of Trustees, to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) for a permit to construct and operate an FM radio station. The Student Government Association then funded the operation of the station.
On April 25, 1971, WEGL Radio signed on the air with 10 watts of power and began broadcasting at 91.1 megahertz (MHz), as assigned by the FCC. The first song broadcast was "Another Day" by Paul McCartney. The first WEGL studio was located in room 1239 of Haley Center. After one year of operation, a student committee submitted a proposal to the Auburn University Board of Student Communication requesting a power increase. With the support of the University's President, WEGL's effective radiated power (ERP) increased to 380 watts in 1975. In June 1977, the station began broadcasting in stereo. The last song broadcast in mono was Elton John's Captain Fantastic and the first song broadcast in stereo was "You've Got A Cold" by 10CC.
In 1988, the station upgraded its power to 3,000 watts and became a Class A Non-Commercial radio station. During the 1989-1990 school year, plans were finalized to move WEGL Radio from its home in the Haley Center to a new location in Foy Student Union. On October 8, 1990, then university president James E. Martin officially signed WEGL on for the first time from the Foy Student Union.
WEGL remained in Foy Student Union until the summer of 2008. WEGL made its final broadcast from that location at 5:00 PM on Friday, August 15, 2008. The final song broadcast from Foy Student Union was "A Little Bit" by Tim Fite.
WEGL, along with all other campus media, relocated from Foy Student Union to the new Student Center during the first weeks of the fall 2008 semester. Broadcasting with live DJs and Internet streaming audio resumed shortly thereafter from the new location.
On April 25, 2009 WEGL, in association with the Committee of 19, held its first live music event in over a decade. "WEGLfest" was held in the ballroom of the New Student Center and all proceeds from the event went to benefit Auburn's War on Hunger. Performers at the event included Magnolia Sons, Weak Music for Thomas, and Tony Brook. Incidentally, the event took place on the 38th anniversary of WEGL's first air-date.
Programming
WEGL 91.1 is a traditional "college radio" station in that the station's programming consists of an eclectic mix of genres including, but not limited to: Rock, Hip-Hop, Pop, Blues, Jazz, Country and Bluegrass, Soul, Dance & Techno, R&B, Reggae, World Music, Oldies, and Gospel. In addition to music, WEGL also has a sports department. WEGL reports its charts to the College Music Journal.
References
External links
Comedy Clips & Promos recorded at WEGL
EGL
EGL
Radio stations established in 1971
Auburn University
Amamibalcis conspicuus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
References
External links
To World Register of Marine Species
Eulimidae
Gastropods described in 1985
Conor Gethins (born 1 November 1983) is an Irish footballer who plays as a forward for Scottish Highland Football League Club Nairn County.
Career
Born in Lifford, Ireland, Gethins started his professional career with Ross County in the Scottish Football League before returning to his native Ireland in 2005 after a loan spell with Stirling Albion. Gethins played for Finn Harps in the League of Ireland, with a brief loan spell at Galway United, before returning to Scottish football in 2010 with Peterhead. He signed for Nairn County in 2011 and was voted Highland League Player of the Year and top scorer for 2012–13.
On 1 June 2016 Gethins join Formartine United, on a two-year contract.
At the end of the 2020–21 season, Gethins was released from Formartine and rejoined previous club Nairn County on a one-year contract.
References
External links
Conor Gethins at Nairn County Archive
1983 births
Living people
Association footballers from County Donegal
Ross County F.C. players
Stirling Albion F.C. players
Finn Harps F.C. players
Galway United F.C. (1937–2011) players
Peterhead F.C. players
Nairn County F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
League of Ireland players
Republic of Ireland association footballers
Association football forwards
Forfar Athletic F.C. players
Formartine United F.C. players
Highland Football League players
Although of Course You End Up Becoming Yourself: A Road Trip with David Foster Wallace is a 2010 memoir by David Lipsky, about a five-day road trip with the author David Foster Wallace. It is based upon a Rolling Stone magazine story that received the National Magazine Award.
Lipsky, a novelist and contributing editor at Rolling Stone magazine, recounts his time spent with the author of Infinite Jest at the moment when Wallace realized his work would bring him fame, and that this would change his life. The book was a National Public Radio Best Book of the Year, a New York Times Book Review Editors' Choice, and a New York Times bestseller.
A feature film adaptation entitled The End of the Tour was released in July 2015. The film has a 92% "Certified Fresh" rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 159 reviews. The film also holds a score of 82 out of 100 on Metacritic, based on 35 reviews, indicating "universal acclaim".
Story
Lipsky, who received a National Magazine Award for writing about Wallace in 2009, here provides the transcript of, and commentary about, his time accompanying Wallace across the country just as Wallace was completing an extensive "book tour" promoting his novel, Infinite Jest. The format captures almost every moment the two spent together – on planes and cars, across the country — during the specific time period when Wallace was becoming famous; the writers discuss literature, popular music and film, depression, the appeals and pitfalls of fame, dog ownership, and many other topics.
Reception
Although of Course You End Up Becoming Yourself was positively received by critics. In Time magazine, Lev Grossman wrote, "The transcript of their brilliant conversations reads like a two-man Tom Stoppard play or a four-handed duet scored for typewriter." The Atlantic Monthly called the work, "far-reaching, insightful, very funny, profound, surprising, and awfully human"; at National Public Radio, Michael Schaub described the book as "a startlingly sad yet deeply funny postscript to the career of one of the most interesting American writers of all time", calling it "crushingly poignant, both endearing and fascinating. At the end, it feels like you've listened to two good friends talk about life, about literature, about all of their mutual loves". Newsweek noted, "For readers unfamiliar with the sometimes intimidating Wallace oeuvre, Lipsky has provided a conversational entry point into the writer's thought process. It's odd to think that a book about Wallace could serve both the newbies and the hard-cores, but here it is." Publishers Weekly, in a starred review, described the book as "a rollicking dialog ... a candid and fascinating glimpse into a uniquely brilliant and very troubled writer". The Wall Street Journal called it "lovely", and Laura Miller in Salon described it as "exhilarating". Maria Bustillos, in an essay for The Awl, wrote, "I can't tell you how much fun this book is ... It's a road picture, a love story, a contest: two talented, brilliant young men with literary ambitions, and their struggle to understand one another." "Spurred by a rapidly developing feeling of friendship toward Lipsky", wrote critic Richard Brody in The New Yorker, "Wallace speaks of himself with a profuse, almost therapeutic candor, delivering a spoken autobiography ... In Lipsky's book, Wallace's voice is startlingly present, but so are his ideas, his immediate emotional responses to circumstances, and his own complex range of perspectives on the circumstances at hand ... His remarks to Lipsky are as quietly hilarious as they are ingenious."
The book was a New York Times bestseller, New York Times Editors' Choice, and a National Public Radio Best Book of the Year.
The End of the Tour
A feature film adaptation of Although of Course You End Up Becoming Yourself, The End of the Tour, was released in July 2015, with Academy Award-nominated actor Jesse Eisenberg portraying Lipsky and Jason Segel portraying Wallace. In his review for The New York Times, critic A.O. Scott wrote, "I love it", adding, "You hang on its every word and revel in its rough, vernacular beauty ... There will always be films about writers and writing, and this one is just about as good as it gets."
The film received a 92% "Certified Fresh" rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 159 reviews, with an average rating of 8.02/10. The site's critical consensus states: "Brilliantly performed and smartly unconventional, The End of the Tour pays fitting tribute to a singular talent while offering profoundly poignant observations on the human condition." The film also holds a score of 82 out of 100 on Metacritic, based on 35 reviews, indicating "universal acclaim". At Rogerebert.com, critic Brian Tallerico called the film a "joy", and "stunning ... a gift of highly intellectual discussion between two brilliant people at turning points in their lives", while also praising Jason Segel and Jesse Eisenberg.
The Washington Posts Ann Hornaday gave the film four out of four stars and called it, "A five-day conversation you won't want to end ... Part love story, part road trip, part elegy to a bygone, pre-9/11 age, 'The End of the Tour' brims with compassion and sharply honed insight" about "what it means to be human". In his review for Vanity Fair, Richard Lawson called it a "wise, humbly sublime film ... a profound, and profoundly affecting, movie, one that had me blubbering with happy-sad tears. What a pleasure to spend two hours in its company."
In his review for the New York Daily News, Joe Neumaier awarded the film five out of five stars, calling it "one of the best movies of the year ... Director James Ponsoldt's smart, incisive and extraordinary drama is the kind of film that burrows into your head and leaves you illuminated about life and how to live it." In her review for the Los Angeles Times, Sheri Linden wrote "James Ponsoldt's magnificent The End of the Tour gives us two guys talking, and the effect is breathtaking."
In his review in the New York Post, Kyle Smith gave the film four of four stars, writing, "The End of the Tour is the best movie you'll see this summer ... It's a glory ... See it with your best friend." In his review for Cut Print Film, Josh Oakley awarded the film a perfect "10/10", calling it "one of the best films of the year", and stating "The End of the Tour presents, with ample evidence, Wallace as a figure who could never fill the holes of loneliness with the spackle of acclaim." In his review for the Chicago Sun-Times, Richard Roeper awarded the film four out of four stars, calling it "brilliant ... this is one of the best movies of the year." In his review for the Minnesota Star Tribune Colin Covert gave the film four out of four stars, writing, "Simply put, it is a masterwork."
The film featured in numerous "Best of 2015" lists, including The New York Times, Vanity Fair, Vogue, The Guardian, Entertainment Weekly, USA Today, Variety, The Washington Post, The New York Post, Huffington Post, Wired, and The New Republic.
Honors
2010 NPR Best Books of the Year
2010 New York Times Book Review Editors' Choice
2010 New York Times bestseller
2009 National Magazine Award
References
External links
New York magazine Book Club and Although of Course You End Up Becoming Yourself
David Lipsky on The Moment with Brian Koppelman about Although of Course You End Up Becoming Yourself and The End of the Tour
David Lipsky on The Takeaway about David Foster Wallace – audio clips
Lipsky at American Fiction Notes for Although of Course You End Up Becoming Yourself
Rolling Stone magazine David Foster Wallace profile by David Lipsky
NPR Best Books of 2010 Although of Course You End Up Becoming Yourself
Richard Brody in The New Yorker on Although of Course You End Up Becoming Yourself and The End of the Tour
David Lipsky on NPR's On The Media speaking about Although of Course You End Up Becoming Yourself and The End of the Tour
2010 non-fiction books
Biographies about writers
Autobiographies adapted into films
Broadway Books books
Sir Ernest Herbert Andrews (25 June 1873 – 9 November 1961) was a New Zealand teacher, printer and cricketer and local-body politician. He was on the Christchurch City Council from 1919 and Mayor of Christchurch from 1941 until his retirement in 1950.
Early life and family
Andrews was born in Brightwater near Nelson in 1873. His father was Thomas Andrews, who had come to New Zealand in 1842 and died in 1905. He received his education at Canterbury University College.
Andrews married Caroline Maria Couzins (born 5 August 1872) on 14 March 1900. They had three children: Alpha Herbert (1901–2002), Pelham Winter (1904–1998) and Gwendoline Cynthia (1909–1999). Eveleyn Charlotte Couzins (1896–1945) was his first wife's niece.
After university, Andrews was a teacher; he passed his teachers' examinations in early 1896. In his initial placement, he was a teacher aid at Kaituna on Banks Peninsula. He taught at Heretaunga School in Hastings from late 1896 until March 1899 and then at Riwaka School in the Tasman District until February 1907. He moved to Christchurch and founded a printing firm, Andrews and Sando. His business partner was his cousin Archibald Sando, whose mother was a sister of Thomas Andrews. The business partnership was dissolved in 1908 and Sando became manager of the Wellington Publishing Company, which owned The Dominion newspaper.
Andrews played representative cricket from 1890 to 1907. In 1892, he was a founding member of the Ashburton Union Cricket Club and he became the inaugural secretary. While in Hastings, he played for the Hawke's Bay County Cricket Club. He was then a member of the Riwaka Cricket Club. Later, he played for the Canterbury Druids.
Political career
In August 1910, Andrews stood for election for the North Canterbury Education Board in the central ward, but was beaten by Dr. Charles James Russell. In April 1911, he was elected onto the school committee of St Albans School, for which he became secretary. In August 1912, Andrews was successful in standing for the North Canterbury Education Board.
Andrews was elected as councillor onto Christchurch City Council in 1919. He was reported to be under consideration as a possible candidate for the Citizens' Association for the 1929 mayoralty, but he was not chosen. In 1941, he was elected as mayor, a position that he held for three terms until his retirement in 1950. He provided continuous service to Christchurch City Council for 31 years.
Andrews' first wife died in 1937, before he became mayor, and so his niece, Eveleyn Couzins, acted as the mayoress from 1941 until her death in 1945. Couzins made a valued contribution to the community, especially through the organisation of parcels for dispatch to New Zealand servicemen abroad. Although she had suffered from some minor illnesses, she continued to carry out her duties as mayoress until she became seriously ill, two weeks before her death in June 1945. She is buried in B24P188 in Linwood Cemetery. Andrews' daughter Gwendoline then took over the role of mayoress.
Andrews was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire for social welfare and patriotic services in the 1946 New Year Honours, and a Knight Bachelor in the 1950 King's Birthday Honours, the first Christchurch serving mayor to be so honoured. He retired in October 1950, having had been mayor for longer than any other incumbent up to that time.
Later life
Andrews died in Christchurch on 9 November 1961. The funeral service took place at the Rugby Street Methodist church, with which Andrews had been long associated. He is buried at Bromley Cemetery, with his first wife. The simple Andrews grave states that Caroline Andrews lived from 1872 to 1937 and Ernest Andrews from 1873 to 1961.
He was survived by his second wife, Florence May Emmett.
Honorific eponym
Andrews Crescent in the suburb of Spreydon is named in his honour.
Notes
References
Mayors of Christchurch
1873 births
1961 deaths
New Zealand Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
New Zealand Knights Bachelor
University of Canterbury alumni
Burials at Bromley Cemetery
Christchurch City Councillors
Deputy mayors of Christchurch
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1928 New Zealand general election
New Zealand Liberal Party politicians
New Zealand cricketers
Hawke's Bay cricketers
Coram's Fields is a seven acre urban open space in the Kings Cross area of the London Borough of Camden.
Adults are only permitted to enter if accompanied by children.
History
The park is situated on the former site of the Foundling Hospital, established by Thomas Coram in what was then named Lamb's Conduit Field in 1739. In the 1920s The Foundling Hospital was relocated outside London to Ashlyns School in Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, and the site was earmarked for redevelopment. However, a campaign organised by Janet Trevelyan and fundraising by local residents and a donation from Harold Harmsworth, 1st Viscount Rothermere led to the creation of the current park that opened in 1936.
Services and facilities
Coram's Fields provides services for children and young people in the local community, including an after school and holiday programme, a sports programme, a youth centre and an early year programme which includes a nursery and drop-in.
The park includes three eight-a-side football pitches, two tennis courts, a stickball field, a basketball court, a children's playground, sand pits, a pets corner and a café.
Neighbourhood
To the west is Brunswick Square, and to the east is Mecklenburgh Square (bordered by Goodenough College to the south), two historical London squares. To the north is the Thomas Coram Foundation and St George's Gardens. To the south are Guilford Street and Great Ormond Street Hospital. The Thomas Coram Foundation for Children (the successor charity to the Foundling Hospital) and the Foundling Museum housing the art collections of the former Hospital, are based in buildings nearby.
Management and planning designations
Coram's Fields is owned and run by an independent registered charity, officially named Coram's Fields and the Harmsworth Memorial Playground.
Coram's Fields, and Brunswick and Mecklenburgh Squares are jointly listed Grade II on the Register of Historic Parks and Gardens.
References
External links
Buildings and structures completed in 1936
Urban public parks
Parks and open spaces in the London Borough of Camden
City farms in London
Foundling Hospital
Grade II listed parks and gardens in London
Monotaxis grandoculis, the humpnose big-eye bream, bigeye barenose, bigeye bream, or bigeye emperor, is a species of emperor fish native to the Indian Ocean and the West and Central Pacific Ocean to the Hawaiian Islands. It inhabits areas with sand or rubble substrates adjacent to coral reefs at depths of from , mostly between . This species can reach a length of TL though most do not exceed . It has been recorded to reach a weight of . This species is commercially important as a food fish and is also popular as a game fish. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
References
Lethrinidae
Fish of the Indian Ocean
Fish of the Pacific Ocean
Fish of Palau
Fish described in 1775
Taxa named by Peter Forsskål
Paul Chaplin (born Paul Schersten) is an American writer and comedian, known for his work on the television series Mystery Science Theater 3000, for which he wrote and played the recurring characters of an Observer, Ned the Nanite, Pitch the Demon, and Ortega, along with several other bit roles.
Early years
After earning his master's degree from the Hubert H. Humphrey Institute of Public Affairs, Schersten became a community organizer in Saint Paul, Minnesota. After finding little reward in his work he decided to pursue a career in comedy. It was during this time that Schersten took the stage surname Chaplin.
Mystery Science Theater 3000
While working the comedy club circuit in Minneapolis, Chaplin met Michael J. Nelson and Mary Jo Pehl. During the third season of MST3K, Nelson approached Chaplin and asked him about becoming a writer on Mystery Science Theater 3000 (MST3K). Nelson tested Chaplin by giving him ten minutes of footage from the movie Daddy-O, which Chaplin was to take home and give the "MST3K treatment". Chaplin passed the test with "flying colors", and was hired by Best Brains as a writer.
During his tenure on MST3K, Chaplin portrayed several characters in addition to his writing duties, most notably an Observer, Pitch the Demon (originally portrayed in the movie Santa Claus), Ned the Nanite, and Ortega (originally portrayed in the movie The Incredibly Strange Creatures Who Stopped Living and Became Mixed-Up Zombies).
Work since MST3K
Since MST3K ended its eleven-year run in 1999, Chaplin has collaborated with his former MST3K colleagues on projects such as Edward the Less and Timmy Big Hands, and has also written for NPR and Elysian Fields Quarterly.
In the 2007 MST3K online animated series, Chaplin provided the voice of Crow T. Robot in addition to writing the show. He also guest starred in the show's 11th season.
References
American male actors
Year of birth missing (living people)
American male comedians
21st-century American comedians
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
American television writers
American male television writers
American male screenwriters
American comedy writers
21st-century American screenwriters
21st-century American male writers
The Cheng Kung-class frigates are guided-missile frigates currently in service in the Republic of China Navy (ROCN). They are based upon the U.S. and built by China Shipbuilding Corporation in Kaohsiung, Taiwan under license throughout the 1990s as part of the Kuang Hua I project. These frigates served as the mainstay of the ROCN's area air defense capability prior to the acquisition of the Keelung (Kidd)-class destroyers in 2005. They are designated with the hull classification PFG (Patrol Frigate, Guided missile) rather than FFG (Frigate, Guided missile) used by the Oliver Hazard Perry class.
Design
In order to control the new weapon systems on the frigates, which the Mk 92 Fire Control System could not integrate at the time, a second Combat Direction System (CDS), the H930 Modular Combat System (MCS) was installed in order to control the 8 HF-2 (or four HF-2 and four HF-3 on certain ships) Anti-ship missile and the two Bofors 40mm/L70 guns. However, the Mk 92's Harpoon mode was deleted due to the US government refusal to sell the Harpoon missile system to Taiwan at the time. Also deleted were some Mk 92's ASW modes, along with the refusal to sell SQR-19 Towed Array sonar system.
Originally only two lead ships were going to be built to this standard, with the remaining six ships in the class built under the ACS (Advance Combat System) project with a lighter AEGIS (that later became SPY-1F), 48-64 cell Mark 41 Vertical Launch System and other systems, and a plug-in section. Delay in the design and budget changed the project to four ships in PFG-1101 configuration and the last four ships in ACS configuration, then more delays changed to 6+2, then 7+1. By the mid 1990s, the ROCN decided the ACS project was too risky, too long and too over budget, finally canceling it after the seventh ship was built to the PFG-1101 standard. However, enough of the long lead items were already purchased so that in late 2000, the ROCN decided to go ahead with the eighth ship's construction with PFG-1101 configuration—minus the two Bofors 40mm/L70 guns, after getting necessary funding.
Upgrades
The Cheng Kung class was initially fitted with 8 × Hsiung Feng II ship-to-ship missiles, instead of the Harpoon missiles that the Oliver Hazard Perry class used. In 2001, ROCS Cheng Kung (成功, PFG-1101) was refitted with four Hsiung Feng III missiles, replacing four of the Hsiung Feng II missiles. In 2009 ROCS Chi Kuang (繼光, PFG-1105) was seen with same configuration. All the other ships in the class received the new missile upon their major overhaul.
Originally, all HF-2 missiles were to be removed, while 4-8 Harpoon were to be carried in the Mk 13 launchers magazine (with the necessary upgrade to the ship's Mk 92 CDS which had a Harpoon control mode and functionality deleted when ship was built), and 8 HF-3 supersonic AShM to put in place of 8 HF-2 AShM, giving these ships a total of 12-16 anti-ship missiles. But the Legislative Yuan refused to release funding for the CDS upgrade, and the ROCN had to settle for just 4 HF-2 and 4 HF-3 configuration. All ships had the Link 16 datalink installed.
Seven out of eight ships added Bofors 40 mm/L70 guns for both surface and anti-air use.
In 2014, the Republic of China Navy revealed plan to develop a naval air defense missile system derived from the land-based Sky Bow system. The Cheng Kung-class frigates are speculated to be one of the potential platforms to carry the system.
On November 5, 2012 Taiwan announced the U.S. government would sell Taiwan two additional Perry-class frigates that are about to be retired from the U.S. Navy for a cost of US$240 million to be retrofitted and delivered in 2015. The Naval Vessel Transfer Act of 2013 was signed by President Obama in 2014, allowing up to four of the frigates to be sold to Taiwan. Two ships were eventually selected and were reactivated by VSE Corporation and transferred to Taiwan on 9 March 2017. These ships would replace aging Chiyang class (US ex-Knox-class frigate) vessels that joined the ROC Navy more than 20 years ago.
After the US stopped supporting the SM-1 and their associated launch system support was taken up by NCSIST which also implemented an upgrade program for the missiles. Upgrades to the SM-1 include a better rocket motor and an active seeker.
The class's Mk 75 main guns have been upgraded and have an improved firing rate of 100 rounds a minute.
Ships
The Cheng Kung-class frigates are named after historical Chinese generals who were famous for defeating foreign threats.
See also
F100-class frigate
FREMM multipurpose frigate
Type 054A frigate
References
External links
PFG-2 Cheng Kung-class (Perry) Frigate - Globalsecurity
Taiwan seeking Aegis destroyers from U.S.: report - Reuters
Frigate classes
Taiwan–United States military relations
The men's Light heavyweight competition of the boxing events at the 2018 Mediterranean Games in Tarragona, Spain, was held between June 26 and 30 at the Torredembarra Pavilion.
Like all Mediterranean Games boxing events, the competition was a straight single-elimination tournament. Both semifinal losers were awarded bronze medals, so no boxers competed again after their first loss.
Schedule
All times are Central European Summer Time (UTC+2).
Results
Bracket
References
Boxing at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Alfred James Ewart, FRS (12 February 1872 – 12 September 1937) was an English-Australian botanist.
Early life and education
Ewart was born in Toxteth Park, Liverpool, England, second son of Edmund Brown Ewart, B.A. and his wife, Martha née Williams. He was educated at the Liverpool Institute and University College, Liverpool, then graduated with a Ph.D. from Leipzig University and D.Sc. from Oxford.
Career
Ewart was a demonstrator of botany at Liverpool, and subsequently Science Master at King Edward's School, Birmingham, and lecturer on botany at Birmingham University, where he was for a time deputy professor.
In 1905 Ewart was appointed Professor of Botany at the University of Melbourne. He had already completed a laborious and useful piece of work, his translation of Wilhelm Pfeffer's treatise on The Physiology of Plants, the first volume of which was published in 1900, the second in 1903, and the third in 1906. He had also published First Stage Botany (1900), New Matriculation Botany (1902), of which many impressions were subsequently published under the title Ewart's Elementary Botany; On the Physics and Physiology of Protoplasmic Streaming in Plants (1903), and Rural Calendar (1905).
In 1906, Ewart became the foundation chair of botany and plant physiology at the University of Melbourne. For the next 15 years Ewart was also the government botanist. In 1909, in collaboration with James Richard Tovey, who conducted the field research, he published a useful work on The Weeds, Poison Plants and Naturalized Aliens of Victoria, and in 1917, in collaboration with Miss Olive B. Davies. The Flora of the Northern Territory.
At the university Ewart had no separate building and for many years shared the biology school building with Sir Baldwin Spencer. After World War I a separate department for botany was built.
In 1927 Ewart was asked by the government to prepare a new Flora of Victoria which, with some assistance from other scientists, was completed and published in 1930. Other works not already mentioned include a Handbook of Forest Trees for Victorian Foresters (1925), and many papers in scientific journals, some of which were reprinted as pamphlets.
Ewart was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1922. Ewart was president of Section D (Biology) of the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science meeting in Melbourne in 1921, and of Section M (Botany) at Perth in 1926.
Personal
Ewart married twice, firstly to Florence Maud Donaldson, a violinist and composer of ability, in 1898 and secondly to Elizabeth Bilton in 1931. There were two sons of the first marriage. Ewart died suddenly on 12 September 1937.
References
Bibliography
T. C. Chambers, 'Ewart, Alfred James (1872 - 1937)', Australian Dictionary of Biography, Volume 8, MUP, 1981, pp 448–450. Retrieved on 17 October 2008.
1872 births
1937 deaths
19th-century British botanists
English emigrants to Australia
20th-century Australian botanists
Botanists active in Australia
Fellows of the Royal Society
Leipzig University alumni
University of Melbourne faculty
Scientists from Liverpool
People educated at Liverpool Institute High School for Boys
Wei Guoqing (; Zhuang: Veiz Gozcing) (2 September 1913 – 14 June 1989) was a Chinese government official, military officer and political commissar of Zhuang ethnicity. He served as the Chairman of Guangxi from 1958 to 1975 and on the Communist Party of China's Politburo (1973–1982) and as Director of the People's Liberation Army's General Political Department (1977–1982). Wei was one of the few members of the 9th, 10th, 11th and 12th Central Committees (1969–1987) and the 10th through 12th politburos not purged during the Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution (GPCR) or Deng Xiaoping's backlash. He was also a Vice Chair of the National People's Congress Standing Committee (1975–1989) and of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (1964–1983).
Wei was born in Donglan, Guangxi, to a poor Zhuang minority family. He joined the Chinese Red Army at the age of 16 (1929) and the CPC in 1931. He rose to the rank of battalion commander in the Seventh Army under Deng Xiaoping and was a regimental commander on the Long March. After the Long March he served in the 344th Brigade, and then marched south under Huang Kecheng's 5th Column in January 1940. By 1944, he commanded the 4th Division of the New Fourth Army, and later three columns (the 2nd, 10th and 12th) of the North Jiangsu Army in the Huai-Hai Campaign. In 1948, Wei held off the Nationalist 2nd Army Corps of Qiu Qingquan and 100 tanks of the 5th Corps under the command of Jiang Weiguo (Chiang Wei-kuo, Chiang Kai-shek's son) in a decisive delaying action in the Huai-Hai Campaign. In 1949, Wei was deputy political commissar of General Ye Fei's Tenth Army Group of the Third Field Army.
Vietnam
Wei was deeply involved in China's relations with North Vietnam from 1950. In April of that year, Liu Shaoqi sent him to Vietnam as head of the Chinese Military Advisory Group, to advise Ho Chi Minh on fighting the French;
In October 1953, Wei reportedly personally gave Ho Chi Minh a copy of the French Navarre plan.
In June 1954, Wei attended the 1954 Geneva Conference on Indochina with Premier Zhou Enlai, USSR Foreign Minister Vyacheslav Molotov, Vietnamese representative Phạm Văn Đồng, US State Department official Bedell Smith and UK Deputy Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs for Administration Anthony Eden. Wei was specifically instructed to discuss military matters with the Vietnamese delegation when Molotov, Smith and Eden were not present.
When formal military ranks were introduced in 1955, Wei Guoqing was made a general, and in 1956 became an Alternate Member of the Central Committee at the Eighth National Party Congress.
Guangxi and Guangdong
After returning to China, Wei moved to Nanning, Guangxi, where he was the senior party (1961-GPCR) and government (1955-GPCR) official in Guangxi Autonomous Region for an unusually long period. It was from Guangxi and Yunnan that Chinese troops entered Vietnam in 1965–70.
In his role as the senior-most official in Guangxi, Wei hosted the January 1958 Nanning Conference, attended by Chairman Mao Zedong and most of the very top leadership. While Wei was a junior among the heavyweights, he was present at one of the decisive Great Leap Forward discussions where outrageous targets were approved.
General Wei was named 1st Political Commissar of the Guangxi Military District (MD) in January 1964, a post he held until October 1975. He added the leadership of the CPC committee in February 1971.
During the Cultural Revolution, Wei managed to keep control of Guangxi. In March 1967, Zhou Enlai ordered the establishment of the "Guangxi Revolutionary Preparatory Group", headed by incumbent CPC 1st Party Secretary Wei. However, Wei was beaten by a Guangxi-origin mob in August while visiting Beijing. In 1968, the "Guangxi April 22 Revolutionary Action Command" opposed Wei Guoqing's leadership while the "Guangxi United Command of Proletarian Revolutionaries" supported him.
Central Leadership
In August 1982, Liberation Army Daily, the newspaper directly under General Political Department Director Wei's authority, published a broadside against "bourgeois liberalization" that was seen as an attack on Deng Xiaoping's policies just prior to the 12th Party Congress. As a result, Wei was dismissed, and replaced by General Yu Qiuli. He resigned from his posts in 1985 and died in Beijing in June 1989.
See also
Guangxi Massacre
References
1913 births
1989 deaths
Chinese people of World War II
People of the Cultural Revolution
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Guangxi
Delegates to the 1st National People's Congress
People from Hechi
People of the Chinese Civil War
Zhuang people
People's Republic of China politicians from Guangxi
People's Liberation Army generals from Guangxi
Governors of Guangdong
Political office-holders in Guangxi
Presidents of Guangxi University
Members of the 12th Politburo of the Chinese Communist Party
Members of the 11th Politburo of the Chinese Communist Party
Members of the 10th Politburo of the Chinese Communist Party
Members of the 9th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Members of the 8th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Alternate members of the 8th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Vice Chairpersons of the National People's Congress
Vice Chairpersons of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
A by-election was held for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly electorate of Northumberland on 12 February 1877 because Charles Stevens was insolvent. Stevens had left the colony on an expedition to recover valuable property, including 2,576 ounces of gold from the General Grant, which wrecked off Auckland Island.
Dates
Candidates
Thomas Hungerford was a pastoralist and a former member for Upper Hunter however his election was overturned by the Election and Qualifications Committee and he was defeated in the resulting by-election.
William Turner was a mining foreman at Wallsend. Members of parliament were unpaid at the time and Turner was supported by the local miners under the banner of the political reform league with funds raised by a subscription, said to be £ per person.
Result
Charles Stevens was insolvent.
See also
Electoral results for the district of Northumberland
List of New South Wales state by-elections
Notes
References
1877 elections in Australia
New South Wales state by-elections
1870s in New South Wales
is a passenger railway station located in the town of Sayō, Sayō District, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by the third-sector semi-public railway operator Chizu Express.
Lines
Kuzaki Station is served by the Chizu Line and is 12.2 kilometers from the terminus of the line at .
Station layout
The station consists of two elevated opposed side platforms with the station building underneath. The station is unattended.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|Chizu Express
History
Kuzaki Station opened on December 3, 1994.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2018, the station was used by an average of 80 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Chikusa River
Sasagaoka Park
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Officialhome page
Railway stations in Hyōgo Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1994
Sayō, Hyōgo
A pfleger was a mediaeval office holder in the Holy Roman Empire, a type of burgrave or vogt, who was responsible for the management and defence of a castle or abbey. In Bavaria there was also the title of pflegskommissär, given to someone who represented a pfleger as required (in the sense of a "commissarial" or "acting" pfleger).
In the Late Middle Ages the pfleger developed into an official with administrative and juridical tasks. In the Old Empire, i.e. the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation until its dissolution in 1806, a church parish (Kirchspiel) or a captaincy (Hauptmannschaft; Hauptmann = captain) was usually the lowest level of administration. In the Rhineland, however, larger parishes were sometimes subdivided into Honnschaften. Several parishes were combined into a Pflegamt, or in the Rhineland a Pflege. In charge of these offices was usually a pfleger or his representative who, as the administrative officer and proctor, looked after public law and order and recorded agreements and treaties.
For this purpose, pfleger were often recruited from the ranks of the lower nobility (vassals) in the countryside (Landadel). Sometimes there were pfleger who were promoted from the peasantry to hold office.
Formerly the sovereign exercised the functions of the legislature; on his behalf the pfleger carried out the other two functions in a given area which was e.g. the size of a present-day county or Kreis. The pfleger thus carried out the functions of today's district administrator and magistrate in personal union (in Austria-Hungary until 1918).
Pfleger was also the title given to the head of an Amt in the administrative hierarchy of the Teutonic Order. The Teutonic Order was divided into commandries, which in turn consisted of Amts. The pfleger was basically a Teutonic knight and chief administrative officer of the Amt. At a central location in the Amt there was always a Teutonic castle or Ordensburg where the pfleger had his seat.
The function of the Roman governor, Quirinius, in the province of Syria was translated by Martin Luther as Landpfleger ("[I]t happened that at the time of the Emperor Augustus, .... when Cyrenius was Landpfleger of Syria .... "). Clearly Luther assumed that at that time people would be familiar with the functions of a pfleger.
References
External links
Pfleger in the glossary
Pfleger in castle terminology
Teutonic Order
Medieval titles
Legal history of the Holy Roman Empire
The women's high jump event at the 1977 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 12 March in San Sebastián.
Results
References
High jump at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
High
Euro
James Edmund Jeffries (June 1, 1925 – August 22, 1997) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas from 1979 to 1983.
Born in Detroit, Michigan, Jeffries attended the public schools. He graduated from Cranbrook School, Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, 1943.
He attended Michigan State University, Lansing, 1947. He served in the United States Army Air Corps from 1943 to 1945. and was an investment counselor and corporate director from 1956 to 1979. He served as a delegate to the Kansas State Republican convention, 1978.
Jeffries was elected as a Republican to the Ninety-sixth and to the Ninety-seventh Congresses (January 3, 1979 – January 3, 1983). He was a conservative. He introduced 14 bills during his tenure, the most prominent of which was a 1981 law which settled a long-standing controversy over a minor border dispute between Missouri and Kansas
He was not a candidate for reelection in 1982 to the Ninety-eighth Congress and was a resident of Atchison, Kansas until he retired to Tucson, Arizona, where he died.
Notes
References
1925 births
1997 deaths
Politicians from Detroit
Military personnel from Detroit
People from Atchison, Kansas
Michigan State University alumni
Cranbrook Educational Community alumni
Businesspeople from Kansas
United States Army Air Forces personnel of World War II
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
20th-century American businesspeople
20th-century American politicians
Arizona Republicans
Brunello Rondi (26 November 1924 – 7 November 1989) was a prolific Italian screenwriter and film director best known for his frequent script collaborations with Federico Fellini.
His brother, Gian Luigi Rondi, was an Italian film critic.
Biography
Noted chiefly as a script-writer and script consultant, Rondi began his film career with the script for 1947's Last Love for which he was also assistant director.
He worked as assistant director as well as an uncredited writer on The Flowers of St. Francis (1950) by Roberto Rossellini and was a credited writer on Rossellini's Europa '51 (1952).
He started to work with Federico Fellini as artistic director on La Strada (1954) and Nights of Cabiria (1957). His most prized collaborations were on the film scripts of La Dolce Vita (1960), 8½ (1963), Juliet of the Spirits (1964), Orchestra Rehearsal (1978), and City of Women (1980), all co-written and directed by Fellini.
On the writing of La Dolce Vita, Rondi helped build up the character of Steiner, the intellectual who kills his wife and children. As a Fellini intimate, Rondi also played a crucial role in the early stages of 8½. In a letter dated October 1960, Fellini outlined his initial ideas to Rondi that were later developed into the screenplay with co-writers Ennio Flaiano and Tullio Pinelli.
He made his directorial debut with Violent Life in 1961 based on the novel by Pier Paolo Pasolini.
He died of a heart attack in Rome in 1989. He was 64 years old.
Filmography
Director and scriptwriter
Violent Life, co-directed with Paolo Heusch (1961)
Il demonio (1963)
Domani non siamo più qui (1967)
Run, Psycho, Run (1968)
Le tue mani sul mio corpo (1970)
Valeria dentro e fuori (1972)
Racconti proibiti... di niente vestiti (1972)
Ingrid sulla strada (1973)
Tecnica di un amore (1973)
Prigione di donne (1974)
Smooth Velvet, Raw Silk (1976)
I prosseneti (1976)
La vocazione di Suor Teresa (1982)
Screenplays
Last Love, directed by Luigi Chiarini (1947)
The Flowers of St. Francis - uncredited, directed by Roberto Rossellini (1950)
Altri tempi, directed by Alessandro Blasetti (1952)
Europa '51, directed by Roberto Rossellini (1952)
Era notte a Roma, directed by Roberto Rossellini (1960)
La Dolce Vita, directed by Federico Fellini (1960)
Boccaccio 70, episode The Temptation of Doctor Antonio, directed by Federico Fellini (1962)
8½, directed by Federico Fellini (1963)
Juliet of the Spirits, directed by Federico Fellini (1965)
Amanti, directed by Vittorio De Sica (1968)
Scacco alla regina, directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile (1969)
Fellini Satyricon, directed by Federico Fellini (1969)
Le sorelle, directed by Roberto Malenotti (1969)
Orchestra Rehearsal, directed by Federico Fellini (1978)
City of Women, directed by Federico Fellini (1980)
Director
Tecnica di un amore (1973)
Assistant director
Last Love, directed by Luigi Chiarini (1947)
Francesco, giullare di Dio - directed by Roberto Rossellini (1950)
L'ultimo amante, directed by Mario Mattoli (1955)
Actor
Le ore dell'amore, directed by Luciano Salce (1963)
Colpo di stato, directed by Luciano Salce (1969)
Notes
References
Alpert, Hollis (1988). Fellini: A Life. New York: Paragon House.
Bondanella, Peter (1992). The Cinema of Federico Fellini. Princeton University Press.
Parigi, Stefania e Alberto Pezzotta (2010). Il lungo respiro di Brunello Rondi (prefazione di Gian Luigi Rondi). Roma: Edizioni Sabinae.
Bibliography
Alberto Pezzotta, Stefania Parigi, Il lungo respiro di Brunello Rondi, Sabinae editions, 2010
External links
1924 births
1989 deaths
20th-century Italian screenwriters
Italian male screenwriters
Italian film directors
Italian male film actors
People from the Province of Sondrio
Male actors from Rome
20th-century Italian male actors
20th-century Italian male writers
St Mary's Church is a Church of England parish church in Bradford Peverell, Dorset, England. It was designed by Decimus Burton and built in 1849–50. The church is a Grade II* listed building.
In the churchyard is Bradford Peverell's war memorial which contains the names of those who fell in both World Wars. It was completed and erected in January 1921 and is made of Dartmoor granite. It became a Grade II listed monument in 2015.
History
St Mary's was built to replace an earlier church which had fallen into a dilapidated condition. The original church was small and ancient, made up of a nave, chancel, south aisle and porch, with a wooden turret containing three bells. The decision to rebuild the church had been made by 1847, when early drawings for a new church were made by Decimus Burton and an estimate of the construction costs made by the local builder John Wellspring of Dorchester.
Burton finalised his plans in 1848 and a faculty was granted in 1849 for the old church to be demolished and the new one to be built on the same site. The majority of the cost of the new church was paid for by the Lord of the Manor, Hastings Nathaniel Middleton of Wollaston House. Construction was carried out by John Wellspring and St Mary's was consecrated by the Bishop of Salisbury, the Right Rev. Edward Denison, on 28 October 1850.
The church's organ was installed in 1888. It was built by Bishop and Son of London. The churchyard was extended around 1888 and again around 1955.
Architecture
St Mary's is built of coarse ashlar with ashlar dressings and clay tiled roofs. It is made up of a five-bay nave, a two-bay chancel, a three-stage west tower (with an octagonal broach spire of Portland stone), a north vestry and south porch. The pulpit and font are of 19th-century date. The tower has five bells, one of which was cast by Thomas Purdue in 1674, and two which were added in 1897.
Some of the old church's fittings and memorials were transferred to the new church. The west tower has a marble tablet made by Lester of Dorchester in memory of the rector Rev. Middleton Onslow, dated 1837. Floor slabs in the nave include those to John Jobbins, dated 1696, Thomas Meggs, dated 1696, another Thomas Meggs, dated c. 1698, Harry Meggs, dated 1702 and another Harry Meggs, dated 1782. The Royal coat of arms of Queen Victoria is placed over the tower arch and inside the tower are two stools and a table, all dating to the 17th century.
The chancel's east window was created using fragments of 13th and 14th-century glass received from the chapel at New College, Oxford. When the glass was removed from the New College chapel, it was stored in a box. On 25 May 1850, Hastings Nathaniel Middleton visited Oxford to inspect the glass, which had been offered to him by the warden of the college for use in the new church at Bradford Peverell. The north window uses fragments sourced from the old church and containing the coat of arms and motto of Bishop William of Wykeham.
In the chancel is a marble tablet to the rector Rev. H. Blackstone Williams, dated 1879. In the nave are brass tablets in memory of Frank Middleton, a captain in the Dorset Regiment, dated 1915, Ernest Middleton, Second Lieutenant, Queen's Own Dorset Yeomanry, dated 1917, Captain Thomas Winwood, M.C, Royal Field Artillery, dated 1919, and Walter Middleton, dated 1931. There are also memorial windows to members of the Middleton family, one to Lieutenant Edward Williams, who fell in the Sudan campaign, and one to Vice-Admiral Sir Robert O'Brien FitzRoy.
In the churchyard are four table tombs which became Grade II listed in 1985. Three belong to the Dearing family, all dating to the second half of the 17th-century, including one to Luke Dearing the Elder, dated 1666. The other belongs to Hastings Nathaniel Middleton, who died in 1821.
References
Church of England church buildings in Dorset
1850 establishments in England
Grade II* listed churches in Dorset
Myrmecological News (previous name: Myrmecologische Nachrichten) is an independent, international, non-profit, peer-reviewed, open-access scientific journal devoted to all aspects of ant research. In a mix of research and review articles, all fields of myrmecology are covered.
It was relaunched in 2004.
Publisher
The Austrian Society of Entomofaunistics (ÖGEF) is a scientific non-profit organisation promoting entomofaunistic research, with a geographic emphasis on Austria and the Palaearctic. Other publications: Beiträge zur Entomofaunistik.
Abstracting and indexing
Myrmecological News is indexed and abstracted in the Web of Science (Impact Factor 2011: 2.644, Rank 5/85 in category Entomology), The Zoological Record, Scopus, and Google Scholar.
References
External links
Austrian Society of Entomofaunistics Homepage
Entomology journals and magazines
Myrmecology
Irregular journals
Rodney Dejuane Thomas (March 30, 1973 – June 14, 2014) was a professional American football player who played running back for seven seasons for the Houston Oilers/Tennessee Titans, and Atlanta Falcons. Thomas was the cousin of former NFL safety Terrence Kiel.
Early life and education
Born in Trinity, Texas, on March 30, 1973, Thomas attended Groveton High School in Groveton, Texas. He enjoyed a record-breaking career at Groveton, leading the Indians to two Class 2A state titles, while gaining 8,441 yards (third best in national high school history at the time, currently third best in state history behind Ken Hall and Wes Danaher) and scoring 115 touchdowns. As a senior at Groveton, Thomas rushed for an incredible 3,701 yards (second best in state history). He was the first Texas running back to rush for 100 yards in all 16 games (the most a Texas high school can play during the season), accomplished in 1990.
The highly recruited Thomas chose to attend Texas A&M after high school. He rushed for almost 300 yards as a freshman and then compiled very consistent rushing totals his final 3 years in College Station: 856, 996, and 868 yards and became only the fourth Aggie to rush from more than 3,000 career yards. He was a two-time, consensus All-Southwest Conference selection and his 45 career touchdowns tied Darren Lewis for the most in Texas A&M history.
During Thomas' career at A&M, the Aggies led the Southwest Conference in rushing four consecutive seasons as Thomas formed a powerful combination with future NFL backs Greg Hill and Leeland McElroy. Thomas' teams also established school records for most points in a season twice and never lost a game at Kyle Field and never lost to a conference opponent (28–0–1). He is Texas A&M's 4th all-time leading rusher and is 2nd all-time in rushing touchdowns.
Thomas is remembered by many Aggie fans as much for what he did off the field as for what he did on it. He was an active member of service organization Aggie Athletes Involved, and was awarded the Southwest Conference American Airlines Spirit Award. He was honored by his teammates as the 1994 winner of the Aggie Heart Award, the highest honor for a Texas A&M senior football player. The Heart Award is presented to a senior who has completed his eligibility and displays the following intangibles: effort, desire, determination, competitiveness, leadership, and courage. The award is voted upon by the entire team.
Thomas was also well known by fellow students for an incident in Cain Hall, the then athletic dormitory at Texas A&M. When a malfunction in a soft drink machine resulted in cans being dispensed without change being inserted into the machine, Thomas decided to intervene. Although he came from relatively modest means, he took his own change and reimbursed the machine for all of the drinks that had been taken.
NFL
Thomas was selected by the Houston Oilers in the third round (89th pick overall) of the 1995 NFL Draft. As a rookie, he was one of only 19 players in the AFC to finish with 1,000 or more combined yards from scrimmage (1,151 total – 947 rushing and 204 receiving). Thomas' rushing total was, at the time, second only to Earl Campbell in Oiler historical top rookie rushing totals.
In spite of his stellar rookie campaign, Thomas was relegated to backup and special teams roles the following season when the Oilers selected 1995 Heisman Trophy winner Eddie George as their No. 1 pick in the draft. In 1996, Thomas carried just 49 times for 151 yards. And in 1997, he gained 310 rushing yards on 67 carries. In 1998 his total continued to decline (just 24 carries for 100 yards) as George became a star in the league, leaving little playing time for Thomas. In spite of this, Thomas continued to be a team player, thriving in his role and never showing public displeasure, staying with the Oilers as they moved to Tennessee and turning down offers from other teams that would have been more lucrative and where he could have come out of George's shadow. He spent two more seasons with the Tennessee Titans, playing a backup role on the field, but providing leadership both on and off the field with his unparalleled work ethic and outstanding character. In 1999, the Titans made it to Super Bowl XXXIV in which Thomas appeared as a substitute, however they lost to the Kurt Warner-led St. Louis Rams.
He signed as a free agent with the Atlanta Falcons in 2001. He played in 12 games for the Falcons that year, and finished with 37 carries for 126 yards and caught two passes for 26 yards. For his career, Thomas played in 103 games and rushed 532 times for 1,973 yards and 12 touchdowns. Thomas was waived by the Falcons before the 2002 preseason and subsequently retired from football.
Death
Thomas died on June 14, 2014, in Groveton, Texas, at the age of 41 from a heart attack. Thomas was survived by his wife Leigh, 4-year-old son Ian Rodney Thomas, and a teenage stepson, Jalen David Brown.
References
External links
12th Man Magazine Article
1973 births
2014 deaths
People from Trinity, Texas
Players of American football from Texas
American football running backs
Texas A&M Aggies football players
Houston Oilers players
Tennessee Oilers players
Tennessee Titans players
Atlanta Falcons players
Teah Baysah Dennis (born 5 July 1992) is a Liberian professional footballer who plays as a defender and most recently played for I-League side Punjab FC.
Background
Teah Dennis Jr., born in Liberia, began his playing career with LPRC Oilers FC in Monrovia. He was then transferred to one of the country's biggest clubs, Barrack Young Controllers Football Club, where he established himself as a key player.
After several seasons with Barrack Young Controllers, Dennis moved to Jordanian club Al-Ahli in 2014 on a two-year loan deal. On 1 July 2016, he again went on loan deal, this time to Malaysian outfit Sarawak. After permanently moving back to Al-Ahli in 2017, he transferred to rival Jordanian club Al-Hussein the following year before eventually landing at Indian club Punjab F.C. at the beginning of the 2019 season. He also played for Calcutta Football League side Southern Samity.
Honors
Barrack Young Controllers
Liberian Premier League: 2013, 2014
Liberian Cup: 2013
Al-Ahli
Jordan FA Cup: 2015–16
Liberia
WAFU Nations Cup: 3rd place 2011
Career statistics
International goals
Scores and results list Liberia's goal tally first.
References
External links
Association football midfielders
1992 births
Living people
Liberia international footballers
Expatriate footballers in Malaysia
Expatriate footballers in Jordan
Liberian footballers
Al-Hussein SC (Irbid) players
Al-Ahli SC (Amman) players
Liberian expatriate footballers
Liberian expatriate sportspeople in Malaysia
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Monrovia
Liberian expatriate sportspeople in India
Expatriate footballers in India
The Magical Duvet () is a 2011 Czech musical film directed by F. A. Brabec. It is the first Czech non-animated 3D feature film.
Cast
Eliška Balzerová as Babička
Karel Bělohradský as Velký chlap / Holubář
Lucie Bílá as Maminka
Nina Divíšková as Hilda
Arnošt Goldflam as Policista
Jana Krausová as Paní na hlídání
Kryštof Michal as Metař
Alena Mihulová as Pekařka
Nikol Moravcová as Dívka Sen
Jiří Mádl as Pan Karel
Amelie Pokorná as Vendulka
Bolek Polívka as Dědeček
Matej Převrátil as Matěj
Tomáš Racek as Řezník
Karel Roden as Tatínek
References
External links
2011 films
2011 3D films
2010s musical films
2010s Czech-language films
Czech musical films
Matlock Railway Station is a railway station owned by Network Rail and managed by East Midlands Railway in the Derbyshire Dales town of Matlock, Derbyshire, England. The station is the terminus of both the Derwent Valley Line from and Peak Rail who operate heritage services to . Both lines are formed from portions of the Midland Railway's former main line to . Through running is technically possible but is not done in normal service.
History
Originally called "Matlock Bridge", it was opened by the Manchester, Buxton, Matlock and Midlands Junction Railway. The station saw its first passengers on 4 June 1849 when the line between Ambergate and Rowsley opened. The station buildings (designed by Sir Joseph Paxton) opened in 1850.
The station masters house is now grade 2 listed.
Leaving , the line immediately passes into the series of High Tor tunnels, , and long on the east side of the river, cut into the cliff side. Crossing the river and the main A6 road, the line passes through Holt Lane Tunnel () before entering Matlock Station. Being cut through limestone, these tunnels have required a deal of maintenance over the years.
A double-track railway line used to continue from Matlock via Bakewell and , with a branch to , and on through Peak Forest to Chinley and ultimately Manchester. This section of the former Midland Railway's main line to was closed to passengers in 1968 as a consequence of the Beeching cuts and the electrification of the West coast route from London Euston to Manchester.
The last day of operation beyond Matlock was on Saturday 29 June 1968 (two months before regular mainline steam was fully abolished).
Stationmasters
Benjamin Broadhurst 1849- 1869
J.H. Thacker
Henry George Towle ???? - 1876
John Ashton 1876 - 1903 (formerly station master at Codnor Park and Ironville)
Joseph Henry Clarke 1903 - 1911 (formerly station master at Millers Dale)
Harry l'Anson 1911 - 1922 (formerly station master at Bakewell)
John Thomas Austin 1922 - 1928 (formerly station master at Lancaster)
Ernest Shadwell 1928 - 1936
George Washington 1936 - 1942 (afterwards station master at East Ham)
P.B. Crowther 1942 - ???? (formerly station master at Cheadle Heath)
Recent history
Part of the route north of Matlock is now preserved as a heritage railway by the railway preservation group Peak Rail.
At present, the heritage line operates for a distance of a little under from through and nearby and terminates at Matlock station in the former down platform, interchanging there with rail services on the Derwent Valley Line.
Before 2004, former train operating company Midland Mainline ran through services into London St Pancras whilst Central Trains have previously run trains to/from . A period of through running to/from via began in late 2008 and from May 2015 most weekday trains ran to/from via Derby and Nottingham. Weekend services continued to start/end at Nottingham for another year but from May 2016 most Saturday services were extended to Newark Castle, leaving Sunday the only day with no direct service between Matlock and Newark. In October 2021, East Midlands Railway rearranged their service patterns and as part of this, weekday services from Matlock were terminated at Derby.
Work within the adjacent Cawdor Quarry resulted in a new superstore for Matlock being opened in 2007, and several hundred new homes are planned to be located nearby. Matlock bus station has also been relocated so as to be adjacent to the railway station, thus giving Matlock a true transport interchange. In the year 1 April 2009 to 31 March 2010 journeys from the station had increased by 40.70%.
The full range of tickets for travel for any destination in the country are purchased from the guard on the train at no extra cost, however in June 2009, an automatic ticket machine was installed on the platform, enabling passengers to buy or collect tickets bought in advance.
Station layout
The station has two platforms. The former up platform is used by the Derwent Valley Line while the former down platform is used by Peak Rail. The Network Rail platform is accessed from the station car park while the Peak Rail platform is accessed by a small ramp at the north end connecting to a footpath alongside the station. A footbridge at the south end of the station connects the footpath to the car park. The station building (which is located on the former up platform) is occupied by Peak Rail's transport book shop and a limited station buffet.
The track in the Network Rail platform is connected at both ends while the track in the Peak Rail platform is only connected at the north end. To the north of the station is a run-round loop for Network Rail engineering trains. One line of this loop also serves as the access route for Peak Rail trains running into the station.
Services
The station is served by East Midlands Railway, who operate the following service:
Monday to Saturday –
Hourly service to calling at all intermediate stations. The last service of the day continues to .
Sunday –
Two-hourly service to via calling at all intermediate stations except Spondon. The service frequency increases to hourly from mid-afternoon.
Services are formed using diesel multiple units of Classes 156, 158 or 170.
See also
Listed buildings in Matlock Town
References
External links
Derwent Valley Line Community Rail Partnership
Peak Rail website
Railway stations in Derbyshire
Former Midland Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1849
Railway stations served by East Midlands Railway
1849 establishments in England
Matlock, Derbyshire
Stephen Clarendon Phillips (November 4, 1801 – June 26, 1857) was a Representative from Massachusetts.
Phillips was born in Salem, Massachusetts, to Stephen and Dorcas (Woodbridge) Phillips. He was a descendant of Rev. George Phillips of Watertown, the progenitor of the New England Phillips family in America. He graduated from Harvard University in 1819. Phillips' engaged in mercantile pursuits in Salem, and was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1824 to 1829. He then served in the Massachusetts State Senate in 1830.
Phillips was elected as a National Republican to the Twenty-third Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Rufus Choate. He was reelected as a National Republican to the Twenty-fourth Congress, and elected as a Whig to the Twenty-fifth Congress serving from December 1, 1834, to September 28, 1838, when he resigned.
Phillips was mayor of Salem from 1838 to 1842, but was defeated as the Free-Soil candidate for governor in 1848 and 1849. He engaged in the lumber business in Canada. He perished in the burning of the steamer Montreal on the St. Lawrence River on June 26, 1857, near Quebec City. His body was never found, but there is a monument to him in Harmony Grove Cemetery in Salem.
References
1801 births
1857 deaths
Harvard University alumni
Members of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
Massachusetts state senators
Mayors of Salem, Massachusetts
Massachusetts National Republicans
Massachusetts Free Soilers
Phillips family (New England)
Accidental deaths in Quebec
Deaths due to ship fires
National Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Massachusetts
19th-century American politicians
Madison School District #321 (MSD 321) is a school district headquartered in Rexburg, Idaho.
The district has five board members.
Schools
Secondary
Madison High School
Central Alternative High School
Madison Junior High School
Primary
Madison Middle School
Elementary:
Adams Elementary School
Burton Elementary School
Hibbard Elementary School
Kennedy Elementary School
Lincoln Elementary School
South Fork Elementary School
Former:
Burton-Hibbard Elementary School
Lyman Elementary School
References
External links
Madison School District 321
School districts in Idaho
Education in Madison County, Idaho
Loran Ellis Baker (May 13, 1831 – December 31, 1899) was a successful businessman in Yarmouth where he built a large importing and mercantile business and eventually branched into ship ownership to facilitate the trade.
He was born on May 13, 1831 in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia, the only child of Delina (Kenney) and Ellis Baker.
He was in 1870, the first president of the Western Counties Railway Company, the WCR was one of the founding companies of the Dominion Atlantic Railway.
Baker is credited with establishing tourism in Nova Scotia in 1885 using the Yarmouth Steamship Company to bring tourists to the province and forming a company which built the requisite hotels and amenities at appropriate locations. He was appointed to the Legislative Council of Nova Scotia in 1878. On December 31, 1899, he died while sleeping on a train from Boston to New York City.
References
See also
List of Bishop's College School alumni
1831 births
1899 deaths
Bishop's College School alumni
Businesspeople from Nova Scotia
Members of the Legislative Council of Nova Scotia
People from Yarmouth, Nova Scotia
Shacha may refer to the following rivers in Russia:
Shacha (Kostroma Oblast), tributary of the Kostroma
Shacha (Ryazan Oblast), tributary of the Tsna
See also
Shacha sauce
The 2008–09 Charlotte Bobcats season was the 19th season of the NBA basketball in Charlotte in the National Basketball Association (NBA), and their 5th as the Charlotte Bobcats.
The previous season, Charlotte finished 32–50 under coach Sam Vincent, and did not qualify for the playoffs. In response to the dismal season, co-owner and basketball operations chief Michael Jordan fired Vincent and brought in veteran coach Larry Brown. True to his reputation for turning teams around, Brown kept the young team in playoff contention well into April. They ultimately finished four games short of the first playoff appearance in their current incarnation.
Key dates
June 26: The 2008 NBA draft took place in New York City.
July 1: The free agency period.
March 7: Charlotte recorded its longest winning streak in franchise history at 6 following a 114–105 win over the New York Knicks.
Offseason
2008 NBA draft
Injuries and surgeries
Staff changes
Michael Jordan fired coach Sam Vincent on April 27, 2008 and subsequently signed legendary coach Larry Brown 2 days later.
Roster
Regular season
Standings
Game log
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 1
| October 30
| @ Cleveland
|
| Jason Richardson (24)
| Emeka Okafor (12)
| Raymond Felton (5)
| Quicken Loans Arena20,562
| 0–1
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 2
| November 1
| Miami
|
| Gerald Wallace (34)
| Emeka Okafor (13)
| Raymond Felton (8)
| Time Warner Cable Arena19,238
| 1–1
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 3
| November 3
| Detroit
|
| Shannon Brown (16)
| Gerald Wallace (12)
| Jason Richardson (5)
| Time Warner Cable Arena11,023
| 1–2
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 4
| November 5
| @ New York
|
| Raymond Felton (18)
| Emeka Okafor (15)
| Raymond Felton (6)
| Madison Square Garden17,977
| 1–3
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 5
| November 7
| New Orleans
|
| Jason Richardson, Raymond Felton (20)
| Emeka Okafor (10)
| D. J. Augustin (4)
| Time Warner Cable Arena13,435
| 2–3
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 6
| November 9
| Toronto
|
| D. J. Augustin (14)
| Gerald Wallace (8)
| Raymond Felton (6)
| Time Warner Cable Arena12,111
| 2–4
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 7
| November 11
| Denver
|
| Jason Richardson (23)
| Emeka Okafor (8)
| Raymond Felton (5)
| Time Warner Cable Arena10,753
| 2–5
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 8
| November 14
| Utah
|
| Raymond Felton (23)
| Gerald Wallace (9)
| Raymond Felton (6)
| Time Warner Cable Arena14,189
| 3–5
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 9
| November 16
| Orlando
|
| Gerald Wallace (19)
| Gerald Wallace, Emeka Okafor (9)
| Raymond Felton (6)
| Time Warner Cable Arena12,639
| 3–6
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 10
| November 18
| Dallas
|
| D. J. Augustin (21)
| Emeka Okafor (9)
| D. J. Augustin (4)
| Time Warner Cable Arena10,935
| 3–7
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 11
| November 21
| @ Atlanta
|
| D. J. Augustin (26)
| Emeka Okafor (11)
| D. J. Augustin (7)
| Philips Arena15,068
| 3–8
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 12
| November 22
| Milwaukee
|
| Gerald Wallace (18)
| Emeka Okafor (18)
| Raymond Felton (5)
| Time Warner Cable Arena12,096
| 3–9
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 13
| November 24
| Philadelphia
|
| D. J. Augustin (25)
| Emeka Okafor (9)
| D. J. Augustin (11)
| Time Warner Cable Arena10,848
| 4–9
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 14
| November 26
| @ Toronto
|
| Gerald Wallace (23)
| Emeka Okafor (14)
| Raymond Felton (7)
| Air Canada Centre17,414
| 4–10
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 15
| November 28
| @ Indiana
|
| Raymond Felton (31)
| Emeka Okafor (20)
| Raymond Felton (7)
| Conseco Fieldhouse17,160
| 5–10
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 16
| November 29
| Boston
|
| Gerald Wallace (23)
| Gerald Wallace (8)
| Raymond Felton (6)
| Time Warner Cable Arena19,177
| 5–11
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 17
| December 1
| Minnesota
|
| Jason Richardson (25)
| Emeka Okafor (10)
| Raymond Felton (14)
| Time Warner Cable Arena9,285
| 6–11
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 18
| December 3
| Oklahoma City
|
| Emeka Okafor (25)
| Emeka Okafor (13)
| Raymond Felton (12)
| Time Warner Cable Arena11,629
| 7–11
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 19
| December 5
| @ Milwaukee
|
| Jason Richardson (20)
| Emeka Okafor (8)
| Raymond Felton (8)
| Bradley Center14,875
| 7–12
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 20
| December 6
| Cleveland
|
| D. J. Augustin (17)
| Emeka Okafor (8)
| Raymond Felton (5)
| Time Warner Cable Arena19,133
| 7–13
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 21
| December 8
| @ Miami
|
| Jason Richardson (24)
| Emeka Okafor (12)
| Raymond Felton (8)
| American Airlines Arena15,024
| 7–14
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 22
| December 10
| @ New Orleans
|
| D. J. Augustin (28)
| Emeka Okafor (8)
| D. J. Augustin (7)
| New Orleans Arena15,750
| 7–15
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 23
| December 11
| @ Dallas
|
| Emeka Okafor (27)
| Emeka Okafor (17)
| D. J. Augustin (10)
| American Airlines Center19,736
| 7–16
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 24
| December 13
| Detroit
|
| Gerald Wallace (22)
| Emeka Okafor (12)
| Boris Diaw (5)
| Time Warner Cable Arena17,373
| 7–17
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 25
| December 15
| @ Atlanta
|
| Boris Diaw (25)
| Emeka Okafor (11)
| Raymond Felton (7)
| Philips Arena12,733
| 7–18
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 26
| December 16
| Chicago
|
| D. J. Augustin (29)
| Emeka Okafor (13)
| D. J. Augustin, Raymond Felton (7)
| Time Warner Cable Arena11,225
| 8–18
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 27
| December 19
| @ Memphis
|
| Boris Diaw (26)
| Boris Diaw (10)
| D. J. Augustin (10)
| FedExForum11,869
| 9–18
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 28
| December 20
| Golden State
|
| Gerald Wallace (26)
| Emeka Okafor (13)
| Raymond Felton (8)
| Time Warner Cable Arena13,068
| 9–19
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 29
| December 23
| Washington
|
| Emeka Okafor (29)
| Emeka Okafor (18)
| Raymond Felton (8)
| Time Warner Cable Arena13,776
| 10–19
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 30
| December 26
| @ New Jersey
|
| Raymond Felton (22)
| Gerald Wallace (13)
| Boris Diaw (7)
| Izod Center16,852
| 11–19
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 31
| December 27
| New Jersey
|
| Gerald Wallace (32)
| Emeka Okafor (10)
| Boris Diaw (7)
| Time Warner Cable Arena15,837
| 11–20
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 32
| December 30
| New York
|
| Gerald Wallace (21)
| Emeka Okafor (15)
| Raymond Felton (8)
| Time Warner Cable Arena15,108
| 11–21
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 33
| January 2
| @ Milwaukee
|
| Boris Diaw (16)
| Emeka Okafor (12)
| Boris Diaw (6)
| Bradley Center15,107
| 11–22
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 34
| January 3
| Milwaukee
|
| Gerald Wallace (24)
| Boris Diaw, Raymond Felton, Emeka Okafor (6)
| Boris Diaw (7)
| Time Warner Cable Arena14,201
| 12–22
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 35
| January 6
| Boston
|
| Raymond Felton (25)
| Emeka Okafor (17)
| Raymond Felton (8)
| Time Warner Cable Arena17,112
| 13–22
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 36
| January 7
| @ Cleveland
|
| Raymond Felton (15)
| Boris Diaw (8)
| Boris Diaw (6)
| Quicken Loans Arena20,562
| 13–23
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 37
| January 9
| @ Philadelphia
|
| Emeka Okafor (24)
| Emeka Okafor (11)
| Raymond Felton (8)
| Wachovia Center14,235
| 13–24
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 38
| January 10
| @ Washington
|
| Raja Bell (19)
| Emeka Okafor (6)
| Raymond Felton (11)
| Verizon Center20,173
| 14–24
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 39
| January 13
| @ Detroit
|
| Raymond Felton (23)
| Gerald Wallace (10)
| Raymond Felton (9)
| The Palace of Auburn Hills22,076
| 15–24
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 40
| January 17
| Portland
|
| Gerald Wallace (31)
| Gerald Wallace (16)
| Raymond Felton, Boris Diaw (7)
| Time Warner Cable Arena17,482
| 16–24
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 41
| January 19
| San Antonio
|
| Raja Bell (25)
| Boris Diaw (13)
| Raymond Felton (9)
| Time Warner Cable Arena16,160
| 16–25
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 42
| January 21
| Memphis
|
| Raja Bell (25)
| Emeka Okafor (15)
| Gerald Wallace (9)
| Time Warner Cable Arena11,249
| 17–25
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 43
| January 23
| Phoenix
|
| Gerald Wallace (28)
| Boris Diaw (11)
| Raja Bell (8)
| Time Warner Cable Arena19,104
| 18–25
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 44
| January 25
| @ Indiana
|
| Raja Bell, Boris Diaw (18)
| Emeka Okafor (8)
| Raymond Felton (12)
| Conseco Fieldhouse10,936
| 18–26
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 45
| January 27
| @ L.A. Lakers
|
| Boris Diaw (23)
| Raymond Felton, Emeka Okafor (11)
| Boris Diaw, Raymond Felton (9)
| Staples Center18,997
| 19–26
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 46
| January 28
| @ Portland
|
| Emeka Okafor (18)
| Emeka Okafor, Raymond Felton (5)
| Raymond Felton (8)
| Rose Garden20,380
| 19–27
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 47
| January 30
| @ Denver
|
| Raja Bell (27)
| DeSagana Diop (7)
| Raymond Felton (9)
| Pepsi Center18,463
| 19–28
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 48
| February 2
| @ Utah
|
| Raymond Felton (16)
| Emeka Okafor (7)
| Raymond Felton (9)
| EnergySolutions Arena19,911
| 19–29
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 49
| February 6
| Atlanta
|
| Raja Bell (17)
| Emeka Okafor (19)
| Raymond Felton (8)
| Time Warner Cable Arena15,140
| 19–30
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 50
| February 8
| @ Miami
|
| D. J. Augustin (27)
| Emeka Okafor (8)
| Raymond Felton (11)
| American Airlines Arena17,656
| 19–31
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 51
| February 9
| L.A. Clippers
|
| Emeka Okafor (19)
| Emeka Okafor (16)
| Boris Diaw (9)
| Time Warner Cable Arena10,852
| 20–31
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 52
| February 11
| Washington
|
| D. J. Augustin (24)
| Emeka Okafor (13)
| Raymond Felton (9)
| Time Warner Cable Arena10,237
| 21–31
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 53
| February 17
| @ Orlando
|
| Raymond Felton (22)
| Raymond Felton (10)
| Raymond Felton (5)
| Amway Arena17,461
| 21–32
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 54
| February 18
| Indiana
|
| Gerald Wallace (25)
| Emeka Okafor (12)
| Gerald Wallace (7)
| Time Warner Cable Arena12,374
| 22–32
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 55
| February 20
| Orlando
|
| Raymond Felton (16)
| Emeka Okafor (11)
| Raymond Felton (5)
| Time Warner Cable Arena19,244
| 22–33
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 56
| February 22
| @ Houston
|
| Boris Diaw, Emeka Okafor, Raymond Felton (13)
| Emeka Okafor (11)
| Raymond Felton (4)
| Toyota Center17,124
| 22–34
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 57
| February 24
| @ Phoenix
|
| Boris Diaw (27)
| Boris Diaw (10)
| Raymond Felton (9)
| US Airways Center18,422
| 22–35
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 58
| February 25
| @ Sacramento
|
| Gerald Wallace (27)
| Emeka Okafor (11)
| Raymond Felton (9)
| ARCO Arena10,439
| 23–35
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 59
| February 27
| @ Golden State
|
| Raymond Felton (26)
| Gerald Wallace, Emeka Okafor (11)
| Raymond Felton (9)
| Oracle Arena18,653
| 24–35
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 60
| February 28
| @ L.A. Clippers
|
| Emeka Okafor (28)
| Emeka Okafor, Gerald Wallace (9)
| D. J. Augustin (8)
| Staples Center16,349
| 25–35
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 61
| March 3
| Chicago
|
| Raymond Felton, Raja Bell (18)
| Emeka Okafor (10)
| Raymond Felton (9)
| Time Warner Cable Arena14,216
| 26–35
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 62
| March 6
| Atlanta
|
| Gerald Wallace (21)
| Emeka Okafor (11)
| Boris Diaw (13)
| Time Warner Cable Arena15,058
| 27–35
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 63
| March 7
| @ New York
|
| Gerald Wallace (23)
| Gerald Wallace (13)
| Raymond Felton (10)
| Madison Square Garden19,763
| 28–35
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 64
| March 10
| @ San Antonio
|
| Emeka Okafor, Raja Bell (16)
| DeSagana Diop, Gerald Wallace (7)
| Boris Diaw (8)
| AT&T Center18,254
| 28–36
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 65
| March 13
| Houston
|
| Gerald Wallace (17)
| Gerald Wallace, Emeka Okafor (8)
| Raymond Felton (8)
| Time Warner Cable Arena16,809
| 28–37
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 66
| March 14
| @ Minnesota
|
| Gerald Wallace (26)
| Gerald Wallace (10)
| Raymond Felton (5)
| Target Center15,276
| 28–38
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 67
| March 16
| Toronto
|
| Gerald Wallace (25)
| Vladimir Radmanović, Gerald Wallace (9)
| Raymond Felton (8)
| Time Warner Cable Arena11,349
| 29–38
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 68
| March 18
| Sacramento
|
| Gerald Wallace (25)
| Gerald Wallace (12)
| Raymond Felton (7)
| Time Warner Cable Arena13,594
| 30–38
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 69
| March 20
| @ Toronto
|
| Boris Diaw, Gerald Wallace (30)
| Gerald Wallace (9)
| Gerald Wallace (8)
| Air Canada Centre18,641
| 31–38
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 70
| March 21
| Indiana
|
| Boris Diaw (15)
| Emeka Okafor (9)
| Raymond Felton, Gerald Wallace (5)
| Time Warner Cable Arena15,721
| 31–39
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 71
| March 25
| @ Washington
|
| Gerald Wallace (21)
| Gerald Wallace (11)
| Raymond Felton (8)
| Verizon Center14,657
| 31–40
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 72
| March 27
| @ Philadelphia
|
| Boris Diaw (24)
| Gerald Wallace (11)
| Boris Diaw (6)
| Wachovia Center19,098
| 32–40
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 73
| March 28
| New York
|
| Gerald Wallace (23)
| Emeka Okafor (14)
| Gerald Wallace (8)
| Time Warner Cable Arena19,133
| 33–40
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 74
| March 31
| L.A. Lakers
|
| Gerald Wallace (21)
| Gerald Wallace (13)
| Boris Diaw (12)
| Time Warner Cable Arena19,568
| 34–40
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 75
| April 1
| @ Boston
|
| Gerald Wallace (20)
| Gerald Wallace, Emeka Okafor (10)
| Raymond Felton (12)
| TD Banknorth Garden18,624
| 34–41
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 76
| April 3
| Miami
|
| Gerald Wallace (21)
| Emeka Okafor (13)
| Raymond Felton (10)
| Time Warner Cable Arena19,568
| 34–42
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 77
| April 5
| @ Detroit
|
| D. J. Augustin (22)
| Emeka Okafor (16)
| Boris Diaw (6)
| The Palace of Auburn Hills22,076
| 34–43
|- bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 78
| April 7
| Philadelphia
|
| Raymond Felton (32)
| Emeka Okafor (12)
| Boris Diaw, D. J. Augustin (6)
| Time Warner Cable Arena16,499
| 35–43
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 79
| April 10
| @ Oklahoma City
|
| D. J. Augustin (20)
| Gerald Wallace (14)
| Raymond Felton (5)
| Ford Center19,136
| 35–44
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 80
| April 11
| @ Chicago
|
| Raymond Felton (26)
| Emeka Okafor (14)
| D. J. Augustin (8)
| United Center20,265
| 35–45
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 81
| April 13
| @ New Jersey
|
| Raymond Felton (19)
| DeSagana Diop, Boris Diaw, Emeka Okafor (5)
| Raymond Felton (5)
| Izod Center14,519
| 35–46
|- bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 82
| April 15
| @ Orlando
|
| Raymond Felton (13)
| Gerald Wallace (10)
| Dontell Jefferson (4)
| Amway Arena17,461
| 35–47
Player statistics
*Total for entire season including previous team(s)
Awards, records and milestones
NBA All-Rookie Second Team
D. J. Augustin
Transactions
On July 7, the Bobcats hired Herb Brown to be an assistant coach. Herb Brown spent the past four seasons as an assistant in Atlanta. Charlotte is the ninth team he's worked for as an assistant. He served as head coach in Pistons for three seasons from 1975–78.
On July 25, the Bobcats agreed to terms with restricted free agent Ryan Hollins.
On July 29, the Bobcats agreed to terms with restricted free agent Emeka Okafor. The Charlotte Observer reported the deal is for six years and $72 million.
Trades
Free agents
Additions
Subtractions
References
Charlotte Bobcats seasons
Charlotte
Bob
Bob
The Hollow Crown may refer to:
a passage in Shakespeare's play Richard II
The Hollow Crown (anthology), a 1961 work by John Barton
The Hollow Crown (TV series), a BBC adaptation of Shakespeare plays
Hollow Crown, a 2009 album by British metalcore band Architects
Dan Jones' The Wars of the Roses: The Fall of the Plantagenets and the Rise of the Tudors, New York, Viking, 2014, ; also published as The Hollow Crown: The Wars of the Roses and the Rise of the Tudors, London, 2014, .
Tina Jakovina (born August 11, 1992) is a Slovenian basketball player for AS Vicenza and the Slovenian national team.
She participated at the EuroBasket Women 2017.
References
1992 births
Living people
People from Postojna
Slovenian expatriate basketball people in Italy
Slovenian women's basketball players
Small forwards
Johannes Kekana (born 25 April 1972) is a South African long-distance runner who specialized in the marathon.
He won the marathon event at the 2003 All-Africa Games. In addition to several marathon wins on home soil, he finished seventeenth at the 2009 World Championships and second at the 2010 Stockholm Marathon.
His personal best times were 1:02:14 hours in the half marathon, achieved in July 2009 in Port Elizabeth; 1:19:19 hours in the 25 kilometres, achieved in May 2010 in Pretoria; and 2:14:37 hours in the marathon, achieved in September 2002 in Sion's Town.
References
1972 births
Living people
South African male marathon runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 2003 All-Africa Games
African Games gold medalists for South Africa
World Athletics Championships athletes for South Africa
African Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Port Bonython Fuels is a fuel importation and diesel distribution hub at Port Bonython on the Point Lowly peninsula in South Australia's upper Spencer Gulf region. The development was designed to supply the State's expanding oil, gas and mineral resources sectors' operations in the north and west of the state. It allows South Australia to import fuel from ships carrying cargoes in excess of 100,000 tonnes- approximately four times the size of vessels currently importing diesel via Port Adelaide. The project is owned by Petro Diamond Australia, a wholly owned subsidiary of Mitsubishi Corporation. The first stage of the project was officially opened in May 2016.
Petroleum importation in South Australia
Prior to establishment of Port Bonython Fuels, South Australia imported hydrocarbons at ports with significant depth constraints. The two berths receiving hydrocarbons were at Kirton Point, Port Lincoln (with a draught of 9.9 metres) and at Inner harbor, Port Adelaide (with a draught of 10.7 metres). With a depth of approximately 20 metres, Port Bonython will be able to receive cargoes from much larger tankers than at the state's shallower ports.
Ownership
The terminal is owned by IOR Terminals Pty Ltd, an Australian company based in Adelaide, South Australia. The facility is operated by Coogee Chemicals. The pre-existing 2.4 kilometre long jetty at Port Bonython is used by Port Bonython Fuels to import hydrocarbons. The jetty was constructed by Santos Ltd in 1982, and was sold to the Government of South Australia in 1983 for $48.2 million. As of 2015, the jetty remains Government infrastructure but has been used exclusively by Santos for the export of hydrocarbon products.
Operations
Fuel is imported to a land-based tank farm then distributed via tankers up to A-Triple in size. Vessels berth at the existing wharf at Port Bonython, which is capable of accommodating vessels of 120,000 DWT. Two new loading arms were added to the jetty to support the facility's needs, along with 5.2 km of pipeline which connects the berth with the land-based facility. Three tanks have been constructed, each with a capacity of 27 million litres. The tank farm at Stage 1 has an aggregate storage capacity of 81 million litres. The facility was designed to offer a 24-hour, 7-day-per-week service.
History
Port Bonython Fuels was originally conceived by Stuart Petroleum and the Scott Group of Companies in August 2007, as a $45 million joint venture project. It was disclosed as part of the Government of South Australia's plan to support the growth of the mining sector in 2008. A Development Application was lodged with the Government of South Australia by Stuart Petroleum in May 2009. The Port Bonython Fuels project received development approval in January 2010. Senex Energy acquired Stuart Petroleum, then sold Port Bonython Fuels to Mitsubishi Corporation in 2012–13. The project was re-announced in 2014, and valued at $110 million. Treasurer Tom Koutsantonis described the facility as providing a "competitive and reliable supply and helping underpin future economic growth."
The proposal was met with opposition from the Alternative Port Working Party, which has campaigned for the relocation of industrial development projects away from the Point Lowly peninsula. Spokesperson Sid Wilson told the ABC in 2014:"We still have the concern that they are degrading the natural environment - as much as they'll create 10 new jobs full-time they'll degrade the tourism and recreation appeal of that area. Really our concern is that they're developing the best piece of coastal marine land within 100 kilometres of Whyalla."The first stage of the project was officially opened in May 2016.
The project and its partners' interests are represented to the South Australian parliament by resources sector specialist lobbyist, Barker Wentworth.
In 2020, the facility was purchased by IOR.
References
Economy of South Australia
Energy in South Australia
Vouzas is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Antonios Vouzas (born 1993), Greek footballer
Argyrios Vouzas, Greek revolutionary and doctor
Vasilis Vouzas (born 1966), Greek footballer and manager
Borko Temelkovski (1919 – 2001) was a Macedonian politician and communist leader born in Prilep, Yugoslavia.
Temelkovski learned about hardship and unionism at a young age. As a worker he became a member of the Workers Union in early 1938. Later on, he became a member of the Communist Party in 1939.
Temelkovski was captured and imprisoned during the invasion of Yugoslavia in early 1941. Soon after his release from captivity, he joined the Yugoslav Partisans where he took various positions as Communist Party Leader. From 1942 Temelkovski was a member of the PK KPJ for Macedonia, and then Head of the Operational Zone III. From September 1944 until the end of the war he was a Political Commissioner of the GS for Macedonia, a member of AVNOJ and ASNOM, and a Secretary of PK SKOJ for Macedonia.
After the war, Temelkovski performed various political functions. Among others, he was President of the Republican Council of Macedonian Trade Unions, member of the Council of Federation, Federal Deputy, member of the CK SKJ, member of the CK SKJ Presidency, the Presidency of the Main Board of SSRN Macedonia and the Central Committee of the Veteran's Federation of Macedonia (VFM).
Long after retiring, he was President of the Veteran's Federation of Macedonia, until he died in 2001. Temelkovski is officially inaugurated as a National Hero and holds numerous political and military decorations.
References
External links
Google Books
1919 births
2001 deaths
People from Prilep
Yugoslav Partisans members
League of Communists of Macedonia politicians
Recipients of the Order of the People's Hero
The murders of Eileen Sarmenta and Allan Gomez occurred on June 28, 1993 in Calauan, Laguna, Philippines. The case involved police personnel and the late Antonio Sanchez, the former mayor of Calauan, who were tried and convicted of the crime. Sanchez was accused of masterminding the abduction of Sarmenta and her companion, Gomez, and the subsequent rape and murder of Sarmenta and the torture and murder of Gomez. The victims were both students of the University of the Philippines, Los Baños (UPLB).
Murder
On the night of June 28, 1993, Eileen Sarmenta and Allan Gomez, both students of the University of the Philippines in Los Baños, were abducted by men of the late Calauan Mayor Antonio Sanchez and forcibly entered them into the white vehicle.
The two were brought to Erais Farm in Barangay Curba, which is said to be owned by the Mayor. Upon arriving there, Sarmenta was taken to Sanchez's room while Allan was left to be beaten by Mayor's staff namely Luis Corcolon, Rogelio "Boy" Corcolon, Zoilo Ama and George Medialdea. After that, Sanchez's orders the two men to bring Sarmenta and Gomez to the Toyota Tamaraw FX; the suspects are also boarded the vehicle.
Pepito Kawit followed-up by striking Allan's diaphragm with the butt of an armalite, causing Allan to fall against a cement box. Brion thought Allan was already dead, but Kawit said, quote, "His death will come later."
Aurelio Centeno, who eventually became a star witness, joined Sanchez's personal aides Edwin Cosico and Raul Alorico to watch television at the adjacent resthouse. Alorico told Centeno that the Mayor had been eagerly waiting for the group and worried that they will not arrive.
At around 1:00 a.m. of the next day, a crying Eileen was dragged out of the resthouse by Luis and Medialdea, her hair disheveled, mouth covered by a handkerchief, hands still tied and stripped of her shorts. The Mayor, clad merely in white polo, appeared and thanked Luis and Medialdea for the gift. "I am through with her. She's all yours," the Mayor uttered in contentment. When asked what will happen to Allan, Medialdea assured the Mayor that they will also kill him for full measure. Eileen and Allan were then loaded in the Tamaraw van by the appellants and headed for Calauan, followed closely by the ambulance. Kawit finished off Allan with a single gunshot from his armalite.
The men then stopped at a sugarcane field in Sitio Paputok, Kilometro 74 of Barangay Mabacan, and gang-raped Eileen. Kawit invited Centeno to join the sexual fiasco but Centeno refused as he cannot, in conscience, bear the bestiality being committed on Eileen.
At the end of the gang-rape, the six men decided to shoot Eileen in the face in order to hide their crime. When Eileen cried while knelled and pleaded to the six men to spare her life, Eileen said to the six men, quote, "Please, you have taken everything from me. My shame, my honor. But please, spare me my breath. It's the only thing I've got left."
Despite Eileen's pleas to spare her life, Luis Corcolon gagged Eileen's mouth with a handkerchief and fired his baby armalite at her face, causing her instant death, and ordered Centeno to get rid of Eileen's body. However, the dead body of Eileen has just remains inside the van. Her face bears the fatal gunshot wound, her mouth stuffed with a handkerchief, her melon orange Giordano Classic t-shirt rolled up to her shoulders exposing her chest and her underwear pushed down near her white Tretorn rubber-shoed feet.
Following separate investigations by different law enforcement agencies, prosecutors pursued charges against Sanchez and his men, but did not include Teofilo "Kit" Alqueza, son of Gen. Dictador Alqueza, as respondents. Sanchez had claimed Alqueza was the mastermind.
Investigation
On June 29, 1993, after Eileen's mother, Ma. Clara Sarmenta, received a phone call from someone else, they arrive at the site where they found a lifeless body of Eileen inside a white van. In an examination conducted by PNP Crime Laboratory Office, it was found out that Sarmenta had been raped before being killed. Meanwhile, the body of Allan Gomez was found in the grassy area in another village in Calauan, Laguna; Gomez sustained two gunshot wounds (one in the head and one in the back) in his body.
The two men later surrendered at the police headquarters where they identified themselves as the personnel of Sanchez. They also explicitly pointed the finger to Sanchez as the mastermind of murder and killing of the two victims.
The case considered the most challenging for the investigators, due to the witnesses incriminate Sanchez and his men for the case. A vehicle, Toyota Tamaraw FX, used in the kidnapping of Sarmenta and Gomez was surrendered to the police. It was not before that, after they committed the crime, the vehicle was cleaned in front of the Calauan municipal hall. The authorities found the empty bullet shell of the M16 rifle near the body of Gomez.
Convictions
On March 14, 1995, Pasig Judge Harriet Demetriou concluded the 16-month Sarmenta-Gomez murder trial with the finding that Calauan Mayor Antonio Sanchez and several henchmen (only some of whom were policemen) were guilty of raping and murdering Sarmenta and killing Sarmenta's friend. Demetriou, in her 132-page decision, described the crime as being borne out of a "plot seemingly hatched in hell."
Sanchez served (7) terms of reclusion perpetua (40 years per term) for the crime. On January 25, 1999, the Philippine Supreme Court affirmed the decision of the Regional Trial Court. On August 29, 1999, Sanchez was given a double life term by the Supreme Court for a different case (Murders of Nelson & Rickson Peñalosa in 1991). Together with his seven life terms for the Sarmenta-Gomez murder, Sanchez will have to spend a total of 360 years in jail.
Release order controversy and death of Sanchez
A report by GMA News showed that Sanchez could have walked free in August 2019, according to a document bearing the signature of then-Bureau of Corrections director Nicanor Faeldon.
The document said the release order was for one Antonio Leyza Sanchez, "who was found to have served 40 years upon retroactive application of RA No. 10592 and was certified to have no other legal cause to be further detained, shall be released from confinement." RA 10592 is the law allowing convicts an early release based on good conduct time allowance (GCTA).
Sanchez's kin had said that they were informed about Sanchez's impending release, but public outrage prompted the government to review the GCTA law.
On September 4, 2019, President Rodrigo Duterte fired Nicanor Faeldon for approving the release of Sanchez.
On March 27, 2021, Mayor Sanchez was pronounced dead on arrival at the New Bilibid Prison Hospital, his cause of death is still unknown, he was 72.
Adaptation in popular culture
Mayor Sanchez's involvement in the Sarmenta-Gomez murder case was the inspiration for the 1994 film Humanda Ka Mayor!: Bahala Na Ang Diyos!. The film, produced by Regal Films and Golden Lions Productions, is based on Mayor Sanchez's account, with his name in the film changed to Mayor Miguel Beltran was portrayed by Dick Israel, and criminal activities. Sunshine Cruz portraying Sarmenta and Jeffrey Santos portraying Gomez.
The case was first featured on Philippine crime docudrama program S.O.C.O. in 2006, and in 2019, dubbed as the "Sarmenta-Gomez Rape-Slay Case."
The case was also featured on a Philippine crime documentary program Crime Klasik as its first episode, "Ex-Mayor Antonio Sanchez Case."
The case was also featured on a Philippine investigative docudrama program Imbestigador as its 34th episode, "Gomez-Sarmenta Rape-Slay and Murder Case.", Mayor Antonio Sanchez was portrayed by Jim Pebanco. Sanya Lopez portraying Sarmenta and Juancho Trivino portraying Gomez.
Timeline of the murder case
Night of June 28–29, 1993 – Mayor Antonio Sanchez's six henchmen kidnapped Eileen Sarmenta and Allan Gomez, just outside the UP Los Baños campus, and presented the girl to him as a "gift" in a farm rest house in Laguna. The mayor raped Sarmenta, handed her over to the six to be raped again before she was shot in the face, according to court records.
August 13, 1993 – Mayor Sanchez was arrested, but maintained he was innocent. He then accused Kit Alqueza, son of Gen. Dictador Alqueza, who was charged of masterminding Gomez's killing.
September 12, 1993 – The court formally read the case against Sanchez, along with the six henchmen: Then Calauan deputy chief of police George Medialdea, Luis Corcolon, Rogelio Corcolon, Zoilo Ama, Pepito Kawit, and Baldwin Brion.
January 25, 1995:
In a hearing, Sanchez denied the allegations against him.
Sanchez's lawyers Mario Ongkiko, Antonio Bucoy, and Ernesto Brion begged off from the case following a "serious professional disagreement". Among those left to tend for the cases were Salvador Panelo, now chief presidential legal adviser, and Marcelino Arias.
March 14, 1995 – Judge Harriet Demetriou of the Pasig Regional Trial Court Branch 70, founds Sanchez and several henchmen guilty of the rape-slay and sentenced them to seven terms of reclusión perpetua (up to 40 years of imprisonment for each term). The Calauan mayor was also told to pay millions in damages to the Gomez and Sarmenta families.
January 25, 1999 – The Supreme Court affirmed the decision of the Regional Trial Court that convicts Sanchez and several henchmen for the deaths of Sarmenta and Gomez.
October 10, 2006 – During a surprise inspection, authorities found methamphetamine and marijuana inside Sanchez's jail. He was charged with possession of illegal drugs.
July 2010 – Sanchez was caught again with ₱1.5 million worth of methamphetamine concealed in a statue of the Virgin Mary.
November 2015 – An air conditioning unit and a flat-screen TV were also seized from him during a raid.
June 25, 2019 – The Supreme Court decides to void certain portions of RA No. 10592, which grants additional good conduct time allowance to inmates, thereby making its application retroactive instead of prospective.
August 20, 2019 – Bureau of Corrections Director General Nicanor Faeldon announced that Sanchez was likely to be released in two months, which according to Justice Secretary Menardo Guevarra was due to a law passed in 2013 increasing good conduct time allowance and a Supreme Court (SC) decision applying this law retroactively.
August 21, 2019:
Ma. Clara Sarmenta, Eileen's mother, said they plan to appeal the possible release of Sanchez, adding she was "shocked" after being informed that the convicted killer of her daughter was a candidate for release.
News of Sanchez's possible release has since sparked outrage especially from social media.
August 22, 2019:
Students and alumni of the University of the Philippines Los Baños, the alma mater of Sarmenta and Gomez, held a rally to protest Sanchez's supposed release.
Amid rumors that Sanchez had freely been in and out of prison, prison guards allowed the media to take fresh photos of the convicted murderer.
Despite the outrage, BuCor Director General Nicanor Faeldon has changed tune and said Sanchez may be disqualified from the good conduct and time allowance (GCTA) rule based on several grounds.
August 23, 2019:
Women's group Gabriela holds a rally in front of the Department of Justice to express their rejection of the government's decision to give Sanchez an early release from prison.
The SC, in a statement by spokesperson Brian Hosaka, denied ordering the release of Sanchez when it ruled on the retroactive application of RA No. 10592.
Mayor Sanchez has maintained his innocence for the 1993 rape-slay of Sarmenta and the murder of Gomez and said he deserved to be freed.
August 26, 2019 – President Rodrigo Duterte ordered Justice Secretary Menardo Guevarra and Bureau of Corrections chief Nicanor Faeldon not to release convicted rapist-murderer Antonio Sanchez.
September 2, 2019:
The Senate Blue Ribbon Committee holds a joint probe into the supposed early release of rape and murder convict Former Mayor Antonio Sanchez and the controversial Good Conduct Time Allowance (GCTA) Law.
Bureau of Corrections chief Nicanor Faeldon confirms that George Medialdea, Rogelio Corcolon and Zoilo Ama, the three men who were convicted for the June 1993 rape and killing of Sarmenta and Gomez were already dead in jail.
September 3, 2019:
The family of rape and murder convict and former Calauan, Laguna Mayor Antonio Sanchez showed up at the Senate for the resumption of the probe into the controversy surrounding the possible release of their patriarch.
The Sanchez family has maintained their intention that they will not pay the ₱12.6-million court-mandated damages to the families of Eileen Sarmenta and Allan Gomez who were murdered in 1993.
Board of Pardons and Parole (BPP) executive director Reynaldo Bayang revealed in a Senate inquiry that Presidential spokesperson Salvador Panelo, who served as Sanchez's defense counsel in the high-profile 1993 Sarmenta-Gomez rape-slay case, wrote the BPP regarding Sanchez's application for executive clemency in a letter dated February 26.
Presidential Spokesperson Salvador Panelo has confirmed a meeting with the family of his former client, convicted rapist-killer Antonio Sanchez, in Malacañang earlier this year.
September 4, 2019 – President Rodrigo Duterte has fired Bureau of Corrections chief Nicanor Faeldon after the latter approved the release of Sanchez who was convicted in the June 1993 rape and murder of Eileen Sarmenta and Allan Gomez.
February 5, 2020 – The Senate Blue Ribbon Committee, has recommended the filing of criminal charges against former Bureau of Corrections Director General Nicanor Faeldon, three BuCor officials and three New Bilibid Prison officials, who were involved in the Good Conduct Time Allowance controversy, including the near-release of former Calauan, Laguna mayor Antonio Sanchez, the mastermind in the June 1993 rape and murder of UPLB students Eileen Sarmenta and Allan Gomez.
March 27, 2021 – Former Calauan, Laguna mayor Antonio Sanchez, the mastermind in the June 1993 rape and murder of UPLB students Eileen Sarmenta and Allan Gomez, died in prison at the age of 72, his cause of death is still unknown.
See also
Chiong murder case
List of kidnappings
References
1990s trials
1993 murders in the Philippines
Couples
Deaths by person in the Philippines
History of Laguna (province)
June 1993 crimes
June 1993 events in Asia
Kidnappings in the Philippines
Murder trials
Rape in the 1990s
Rape in the Philippines
Rape trials
Supreme Court of the Philippines cases
Trials in the Philippines
Urban Daydreams is an album by American pianist David
Benoit released in 1989, recorded for the GRP label. The album reached #3 on Billboard's Contemporary Jazz chart.
Track listing
All tracks composed by David Benoit; except where indicated
"Sailing Through the City" (Don Grusin) - 5:12
"Cloud Break" - 4:24
"Urban Daydreams" - 5:48
"When the Winter's Gone" (David Benoit, David Pack, Jennifer Warnes) - 4:11
"Snow Dancing" - 5:51
"Safari" (David Benoit, Don Grusin) - 5:11
"Wild Kids" (David Benoit, Don Grusin) - 4:22
"Looking Back" - 2:09
"Seattle Morning" - 4:06
"As If I Could Reach Rainbows" - 3:51
Personnel
David Benoit – acoustic piano (1-10), keyboards (1, 2, 3), arrangements (1, 3, 6, 7, 8), orchestra conductor (3, 8), synthesizer programming (5, 6, 8)
Don Grusin – synthesizer programming (1, 2, 3, 5-8), arrangements (1, 6, 7), drum programming (3, 6, 8), keyboards (4, 7)
Oscar Castro-Neves – acoustic guitar (6)
Jimmy Johnson – bass (1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 8, 9)
Abraham Laboriel – bass (4)
Carlos Vega – drums (1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 8, 9)
Alex Acuña – drums (4)
Eric Marienthal – alto saxophone (1, 5), soprano saxophone (6, 7)
Gary Herbig – alto saxophone (8), clarinet (8)
Judd Miller – electronic valve instrument (1, 2, 3, 6, 8)
Bruce Dukov – concertmaster (3, 8)
Gina Kronstadt – orchestra contractor (3, 8)
The Warfield Avenue Symphony Orchestra (3, 8)
Jennifer Warnes – vocals (4)
Production
David Benoit – producer
Don Grusin – producer, executive producer
Larry Rosen – executive producer
Don Murray – engineer, mixing
Leslie Ann Jones – additional engineer
Wally Traugott – mastering
Suzanne Sherman – production coordinator
Andy Baltimore – creative director, graphic design, front and back cover photography
David Gibb – graphic design
Dave Kunze – graphic design
Dan Serrano – graphic design
Mitchell Hartman – front and back illustration
Chris Cuffaro – black and white photography
Mixed and Mastered at Capitol Studios (Hollywood, California).
Charts
References
External links
David Benoit-Urban Daydreams at Discogs
David Benoit-Urban Daydreams at AllMusic
1989 albums
GRP Records albums
David Benoit (musician) albums
Armour & Company was an American company and was one of the five leading firms in the meat packing industry. It was founded in Chicago, in 1867, by the Armour brothers led by Philip Danforth Armour. By 1880, the company had become Chicago's most important business and had helped make Chicago and its Union stockyards the center of America's meatpacking industry. During the same period, its facility in Omaha, Nebraska, boomed, making the city's meatpacking industry the largest in the nation by 1959. In connection with its meatpacking operations, the company also ventured into pharmaceuticals (Armour Pharmaceuticals) and soap manufacturing, introducing Dial soap in 1948.
Presently, the Armour food brands are split between Smithfield Foods (for refrigerated meat - "Armour Meats") and ConAgra Brands (for canned shelf-stable meat products - "Armour Star"). The Armour pharmaceutical brand is owned by Forest Laboratories. Dial soap is now owned by Henkel.
History
1863–1970
Armour and Company had its roots in Milwaukee, where in 1863 Philip D. Armour joined with John Plankinton (the founder of the Layton and Plankinton Packing Company in 1852) to establish Plankinton, Armour and Company. Together, the partners expanded Plankinton's Milwaukee meat packing operation and established branches in Chicago and Kansas City and an exporting house in New York City. Armour and Plankinton dissolved their partnership in 1884 with the Milwaukee operation eventually becoming the Cudahy Packing Company.
In its early years, Armour sold many types of consumer product made from animals: meats, glue, oil, fertilizer, hairbrushes, buttons, oleomargarine, and drugs, made from slaughterhouse byproducts. Armour operated in an environment without labor unions, health inspections, or government regulation. Accidents were commonplace. Armour was notorious for the low pay it offered its line workers. It fought unionization by banning known union activists and breaking strikes in 1904 and 1921 by employing African Americans and new immigrants as strikebreakers. The company did not become fully unionized until the late 1930s when the meatpacking union succeeded in creating an interracial industrial union as part of the Congress of Industrial Organizations.
During the Spanish–American War (1898), Armour sold of beef to the US Army. An army inspector tested the meat two months later and found that 751 cases were rotten and had contributed to the food poisoning of thousands of soldiers.
In the first decade of the 20th century, a young Dale Carnegie, representing the South Omaha sales region, became the company's highest-selling salesman, an experience he drew on in his best-selling book, How to Win Friends and Influence People.
In the early 1920s, Armour encountered financial troubles and the family sold its majority interest to financier Frederick H. Prince. The firm retained its position as one of the largest American firms through the Great Depression and the sharp increase in demand during World War II. During this period, it expanded its operations across the United States; at its peak, the company employed just under 50,000 people.
In 1948, Armour, which had made soap for years as a byproduct of the meatpacking process, developed a deodorant soap by adding the germicidal agent AT-7 to soap. This limited body odor by reducing bacteria on the skin. The new soap was named Dial because of its 24-hour protection against the odor-causing bacteria. Armour introduced the soap with a full-page advertisement using scented ink in the Chicago Tribune. During the 1950s, Dial became the best-selling deodorant soap in the US. The company adopted the slogan "Aren't you glad you use Dial? Don't you wish everybody did?" in 1953. In the 1960s, the Dial brand was expanded to include deodorants and shaving creams. Because of the popularity and strong sales of Dial brand, fueled by magazine, radio, and television advertising, Armour's consumer-products business was incorporated as Armour-Dial, Inc. in 1967.
In 1958, William Wood-Prince, a cousin of Frederick H. Prince, became president of Armour and Company.
1970–1985
In 1970, Armour and Company was acquired by Chicago-based bus company Greyhound Corporation after a hostile takeover attempt by General Host Corporation a year before. In 1971, Greyhound relocated Armour's headquarters from Chicago to Phoenix, Arizona, to a new $83-million building. Rock icon Stevie Nicks' father, Jess Nicks, who was a Greyhound executive, became president of Armour.
In 1978, Greyhound sold Armour Pharmaceuticals to Revlon. Revlon sold its drug unit in 1985 to Rorer (later known as Rhône-Poulenc Rorer). Forest Laboratories acquired the rights to Armour Thyroid from Rhone-Poulenc Rorer in 1991. The remaining assets of Armour Pharmaceuticals are now part of CSL Behring. Armour's Factor VIII product "Factorate" was widely reported as infecting thousands of hemophiliacs worldwide with HIV during the 1980s; there have also been allegations that the firm suppressed evidence showing the product was defective. As a result, there have been lawsuits, inquiries and criminal charges.
Greyhound's rapid diversification and frequent unit restructurings led to erratic profitability. In 1981, John W. Teets was appointed chairman of Greyhound and began selling unprofitable subsidiaries. After meat packers struck at the Armour plants in the early-1980s, Teets shut 29 facilities and sold Armour Food Company to ConAgra in 1983 but kept the Armour Star canned meat business. Armour-Dial continued to manufacture the canned meat products using the Armour Star trademark under license from ConAgra.
1985–2000
In 1985, Greyhound acquired the household products business of Purex Industries, Inc. in 1985 and combined it with Armour-Dial to form The Dial Corporation.
In late 1995, parent company Greyhound (renamed The Dial Corp in 1991) announced its intention to spin off the Dial consumer-products business. Afterwards, Dial's former parent company was renamed Viad Corp, consisting of the service businesses. The Dial consumer business was reborn as the new Dial Corporation, relocating its corporate offices to Scottsdale, Arizona, adjacent to its long-time research and development facility. Under new CEO Malcolm Jozoff, a former P&G executive, the new Dial Corporation underwent major layoffs in the fall of 1996 and a series of financially disastrous acquisitions the following four years. In 2000, Jozoff was replaced by Herbert Baum with a mandate from the board of directors to find a suitable buyer for the company.
2000–present
Dial was acquired by Henkel KGaA of Düsseldorf, Germany in March 2004. The food business of Dial, including Armour Star canned meats, was sold to Pinnacle Foods in March 2006. In 2007 Pinnacle Foods was acquired by the Blackstone Group, a New York City-based private equity firm. Conagra acquired Pinnacle Foods for $10.9 billion in 2018.
In July 2006, ConAgra sold most of their refrigerated meats businesses, including the Armour brand, to Smithfield Foods.
See also
Treet
Armour Refrigerator Line
Desiccated thyroid extract (Armour Thyroid)
References
Further reading
Arnould, Richard J. "Changing patterns of concentration in American meat packing, 1880–1963." Business History Review 45.1 (1971): 18-34.
Gras, N.S.B. and Henrietta M. Larson. Casebook in American business history (1939) pp 623–43.
Warren, Wilson J. Tied to the great packing machine: The Midwest and meatpacking (University of Iowa Press, 2007).
External links
Armour Meats (Smithfield)
Armour Star (Conagra)
1867 establishments in Illinois
American companies established in 1867
Conagra Brands brands
Defunct companies based in Chicago
Defunct companies based in Nebraska
History of Chicago
Meat packing companies based in Omaha, Nebraska
Pinnacle Foods brands
Shaving cream brands
American companies disestablished in 1983
Armour family
The men's 1500 metres event at the 1975 Pan American Games was held in Mexico City on 18 and 20 October.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Final
References
Athletics at the 1975 Pan American Games
1975
Orsini Carota (active 16th-century) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active in Perugia.
Biography
Born in Assisi, he was a pupil of the painter Pompeo Cocchi. He was active in 1583.
References
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
People from Perugia
Umbrian painters
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Italian Renaissance painters
Piraty XXI veka (, Pirates of the 21st Century) is the fifth studio album of the Russian band Leningrad.
Track listing
"WWW" – 2:47
"Бляди" - Blyadi (Whores) – 3:32
"Пидарасы" - Pidarasy (Fags) – 2:55
"Комон еврибади" - Komon evribadi (Russian transliteration of "Come On Everybody") – 2:15
"Собака Баскервилей" - Sobaka Baskerviley (Hound of the Baskervilles) – 2:18
"Резиновый мужик" - Rezinovy muzhik (Rubber Dude) – 1:26
"Мне бы в небо" - Mne by v nebo (I'd Like to Go to Heaven) – 3:36
"Люди не летают" - Lyudi ne letayut (People Can't Fly) – 2:24
"У меня есть всё" - U menya est vsyo (I Have Everything) – 4:27
"Новый год" - Novy god (New Year) – 2:11
"Бананы" - Banany (Bananas) – 3:42
"Без тебя" - Bez tebya (Without You) – 3:25
"Привет, Джимми Хендрикс!" - Privet, Dzhimi Khendriks! (Hello, Jimi Hendrix!) – 3:34
"Ласточка" - Lastochka (Swallow) – 3:14
External links
Album available for download from the official Leningrad website
2002 albums
Leningrad (band) albums
Hinde's babbler (Turdoides hindei), also known as Hinde's pied-babbler, is a species of bird in the family Leiothrichidae. It is endemic to Kenya. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, arable land, and plantations. It is threatened by habitat loss.
See also
Wajee Nature Park
References
Turdoides
Endemic birds of Kenya
Birds described in 1900
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
A print room is either a room or industrial building where printing takes place, or a room in an art gallery or museum.
Print Room may also refer to:
Print Room, Windsor, at Windsor Castle
Print Room (theatre), an Off West End theatre located in the former Coronet Cinema in London
The Hundred of Stokes is a hundred in the County of Flinders, South Australia. It was proclaimed on 21 November 1878. The name is derived from Francis William Stokes, a member of the South Australian Parliament. Its extent includes the entirety of Cockaleechie in the northwest, part of Ungarra in the northeast, part of Tumby Bay in the southeast and the northern end of Yallunda Flat in the southwest.
The traditional owners of the land within the hundred are the Nauo peoples.
Local government
In 1888 the Hundred of Stokes was annexed to the District Council of Lincoln as part of the District Councils Act 1887. In 1906 the hundred, along with its southern and eastern neighbours, including the township of Tumby Bay, seceded to form the new District Council of Tumby Bay.
See also
Lands administrative divisions of South Australia
Stoke A Hundred England
References
Stokes
Stokes, A Hundred of
Stillwater Lake is a residential community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia. As of the Canada 2021 Census, Stillwater Lake has a population of 3,379, decrease of 2.0% from five years prior.
References
Explore HRM
Stillwater Lake on Destination Nova Scotia
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Magno José da Silva (born 6 January 1993), commonly known as Maguinho is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Brazilian club Goiás as a right back.
Club career
Born in Dores do Turvo, Maguinho made his senior debut with Tupi at the age of 16 and became the youngest player ever to play for the club. On 9 August 2014, he scored his first goal for the club in a 2–0 win against Macaé.
On 27 December 2014, Maguinho moved to América-RN for the upcoming season. On 8 October 2015, he rescinded his contract with the club although he received an offer of contract extension.
After a short stint with Capivariano in Campeonato Paulista, Maguinho joined Vila Nova on a one-year contract on 25 April 2016. On 13 December, his contract was extended until 2018. On 21 November 2018, it was announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season.
On 31 December 2018, Maguinho moved abroad and joined Japanese club Kawasaki Frontale, on a contract running until 1 January 2020. It was announced on 30 December 2019 that he had joined newly promoted Yokohama FC.
Career statistics
Honours
Club
J.League Cup (1) : 2019
Japanese Super Cup (1) : 2019
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Brazilian footballers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série D players
Tupi Football Club players
América Futebol Clube (RN) players
Capivariano Futebol Clube players
Vila Nova Futebol Clube players
Goiás Esporte Clube players
J1 League players
Kawasaki Frontale players
Yokohama FC players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Expatriate footballers in Japan
The Southern Desert Correctional Center (SDCC) is a state prison for men located in Indian Springs, Clark County, Nevada, owned and operated by the Nevada Department of Corrections. The capacity is 2149 inmates. Most are medium security.
This facility should not be confused with the Southern Nevada Correctional Center, a state facility at Jean that closed in 2008, or the Nevada Southern Detention Center, a private prison at Pahrump run by Corrections Corporation of America under contract with the United States Marshals Service.
In late September 2022, an inmate escaped from the facility. It was reported that he created a dummy, possibly of cardboard, to fool the guards, and that his absence was not noticed for days.
References
Prisons in Nevada
Buildings and structures in Clark County, Nevada
1982 establishments in Nevada
Indian Springs, Nevada
Wyoming Highway 316 (WYO 316) is an east–west Wyoming state road in central Platte County.
Route description
Wyoming Highway 316 begins its western end in on the eastern side of Wheatland at I-25 Business/US 87 Business (9th Street). Highway 316 heads east, named Gilchrist Street, crosses railroad tracks and Rock Creek before passing along the south side of Phifer Airfield on Wheatland's eastern edge. WYO 316 leaves Wheatland at eight-tenths of a mile and passes through the community (CDP) of Chugcreek and changes names to Antelope Gap Road. Past Chugcreek, WYO 316 crosses Chugwater Creek as it continues east until reaching its end at a junction with Dickinson Hill and Deer Creek Roads east of Wheatland.
History
The designation of Highway 316 was originally signed in Converse and Campbell counties between 1926 and 1933 along present day Wyoming Highway 387 and Highway 59 between Midwest and Gillette. That designation lasted till about 1940 when it was renumbered to Wyoming Highway 116, no relation to present-day Highway 116.
Major intersections
References
External links
Wyoming State Routes 300-399
WYO 316 - I-25 BUS/US 87 BUS to Antelope Gap Road
Transportation in Platte County, Wyoming
316
The mullets or grey mullets are a family (Mugilidae) of ray-finned fish found worldwide in coastal temperate and tropical waters, and some species in fresh water. Mullets have served as an important source of food in Mediterranean Europe since Roman times. The family includes about 78 species in 20 genera.
Mullets are distinguished by the presence of two separate dorsal fins, small triangular mouths, and the absence of a lateral line organ. They feed on detritus, and most species have unusually muscular stomachs and a complex pharynx to help in digestion.
Classification and naming
Taxonomically, the family is currently treated as the sole member of the order Mugiliformes, but as Nelson says, "there has been much disagreement concerning the relationships" of this family. The presence of fin spines clearly indicates membership in the superorder Acanthopterygii, and in the 1960s, they were classed as primitive perciforms, while others have grouped them in Atheriniformes. They are classified as an order, Mugiliformes, within the subseries Ovalentaria of the clade Percomorpha in the 5th Edition of Fishes of the World.
In North America, "mullet" by itself usually refers to Mugilidae. In Europe, the word "mullet" is usually qualified, the "grey mullets" being Mugilidae and the "red mullets" or "surmullets" being Mullidae, notably members of the genus Mullus. Outside Europe, the Mullidae are often called "goatfish". Fish with common names including the word "mullet" may be a member of one family or the other, or even unrelated such as the freshwater white sucker (Catostomus commersonii).
However, recent taxonomic work has reorganised the family and the following genera make up the Mugilidae:
Agonostomus Bennett, 1832
Aldrichetta Whitley, 1945
Cestraeus Valenciennes, 1836
Chaenomugil Gill, 1863
Chelon Artedi, 1763
Crenimugil Schultz, 1946
Dajaus Valenciennes, 1836
Ellochelon Whitley, 1930
Gracilimugil Whitley, 1941
Joturus Poey, 1860
Minimugil Durand, Chen, Shen, Fu & Borsa, 2012
Mugil Linnaeus, 1758
Myxus Günther, 1861
Neomyxus Steindachner, 1878
Neochelon Durand, Chen, Shen, Fu & Borsa 2012
Oedalechilus Fowler 1903
Osteomugil G. Luther, 1982
Parachelon Durand, Chen, Shen, Fu & Borsa 2012
Paramugil Ghasemzadeh, Ivantsoff & Aarn 2004
Planiliza Whitley, 1945
Plicomugil Schultz, 1953
Pseudomyxus Durand, Chen, Shen, Fu & Borsa 2012
Rhinomugil Gill, 1863
Sicamugil Fowler, 1939
Squalomugil Ogilby, 1908
Trachystoma Ogilby, 1888
Behaviour
A common noticeable behaviour in mullet is the tendency to leap out of the water. There are two distinguishable types of leaps: a straight, clean slice out of the water to escape predators and a slower, lower jump while turning to its side that results in a larger, more distinguishable, splash. The reasons for this lower jump are disputed, but have been hypothesised to be in order to gain oxygen rich air for gas exchange in a small organ above the pharynx.
Development
The ontogeny of mugilid larvae has been well studied, with the larval development of Mugil cephalus in particular being studied intensively due to its wide range of distribution and interest to aquaculture. The previously understudied osteological development of Mugil cephalus was investigated in a 2021 study, with four embryonic and six larval developmental steps being described in aquaculture-reared and wild-caught specimens. These descriptions provided clarification of questionable characters of adult mullets and revealed informative details with potential implications for phylogenetic hypotheses, as well as providing an overdue basis of comparison for aquaculture-reared mullets to enable recognition of malformations.
Timeline
References
Further references
J.S. Nelson, Fishes of the World. .
External links
Video: Mullet Dursey Sound May 2010, Beara, West Cork, Ireland
Mugiliformes
Ovalentaria
John "Jack" Phelps George (26 April 188226 November 1962) was a British athlete. He competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. He was born in Croydon and died in Purley, London.
George won the second heat of the 100 metres with a time of 11 3⁄5 seconds, advancing to the semifinals. In the fourth semifinal, George placed last to drop out of further contention.
He also won his heat of the 200 metres, advancing to the semifinals with a time of 23.4 seconds. His third-place finish in his semifinal race kept him from advancing in that event as well.
References
Sources
profile
1882 births
1962 deaths
British male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Athletes (track and field) at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Liangzi Lake (), originally Fan Lake (), is a freshwater lake in the southeast of Hubei Province, divided between the Liangzihu Scenic Spot Office of Jiangxia District, Wuhan and the Liangzihu District of Ezhou City (both areas named after the lake). This rural area south of Wuhan, situated in the south bank of the middle reaches of Yangtze River. The lake is 370 km 2, with a drainage area of 3265 km 2, an elevation of 20 m, length 31.7 km and mean width 9.6 km (max 12.3 m). The shoreline of lake is highly indented.
Liangzi Lake appears to have two outlets. On the northers side of the lake, a small river or canal flows from Liangzi into Tangxun Lake, an urban lake on the south side of Wuhan, which eventually drains into the Yangtze. On the eastern side of the lake, another river flows from Liangzi Lake toward Ezhou, where it enters the Yangtze as well.
On January 1, 2018, Ezhou officially implemented a new law called "Liangzihu District Marine Life Protection Zone Absolute Fishing Ban Work Implementation Plan" (). The lake is rich in fish and it is the origin of Wuchang Bream.
Analysis of core samples extracted from the bottom of the lake allows scientists to measure the presence of metals such as copper, lead, nickel and zinc in the environment over the last several thousand ages; they provide evidence for the existence of mining and metal smelting in the region as early as 1500 BC, during the time of the State of Chu. (The Huangshi/Daye region east of the lake continues to be a mining and metallurgical center to this day.)
"Sister Lakes" partnership has been established between Liangzi Lake and Lake Pepin in Minnesota.
References
Lakes of Wuhan
Tourist attractions in Wuhan
Ezhou
Ambarcık can refer to:
Ambarcık, Aydın
Ambarcık, Çavdır
George Murray Ross (185227 October 1927) was an Irish engineer.
Early life and education
He was born in Dublin in 1852, a son of William Ross and with an older brother also called William Ross. He was sent to Merchiston Castle School and studied engineering in Trinity College Dublin, graduating in 1873.
Career
He joined the Board of Works after graduating and later worked at his father's business before closing it down and setting up his own independent business at 61 Dawson Street.
He entered a partnership with William Kaye-Parry in 1898 or 1899. The two shared an interest in domestic sanitation.
He played a major part in the Dublin International Exhibition of 1907.
He was president of the Institution of Civil Engineers of Ireland from 1909 to 1911. He was also vice-president of the Irish Roads Congress which was in April 1910.
In early summer 1917, as part of the First World War, he went to France as senior engineer in charge of a labour battalion to construct roads and railways.
Personal life
He married his wife Alice Jane circa 1879 and they had two children. Their son George Maybin Ross (1883-1954) obtained a Bachelor of Engineering from Trinity College Dublin in 1904 and worked briefly for Kay-Parry & Ross and had a distinguished career as an engineer in India.
Death
He died suddenly at his home, Summerfield in Dalkey, on 27 October 1927.
References
19th-century Irish engineers
20th-century Irish engineers
The 2001–02 Maryland Terrapins men's basketball team represented the University of Maryland in the 2001–2002 college basketball season as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC). The team was led by head coach Gary Williams and played their home games at Cole Field House. The Terrapins were champions of the 2002 NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament, earning the first national championship in school history.
Preseason
Accolades
Team
ESPN/USA Today Coaches' poll ranked preseason #2
Roster
Depth chart
Season recap
Accolades
Lonny Baxter
Wooden Award All-American Team
NCAA West Regional Most Outstanding Player
Second Team All-ACC
Juan Dixon
AP First Team All-American
USBWA First Team All-American
Wooden Award All-American Team
Chip Hilton Player of the Year Award
Senior CLASS Award
ACC Player of the Year
First Team All-ACC
Gary Williams
ACC Coach of the Year
Eastern College Coach of the Year
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#CE1126; color:#FFFFFF;"| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#CE1126; color:#FFFFFF;"| Regular Season
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#CE1126; color:#FFFFFF;"|ACC Tournament
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#CE1126; color:#FFFFFF;"|NCAA tournament
Statistics
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20090206225040/http://umterps.cstv.com/sports/m-baskbl/archive/md-m-baskbl-2001.html
NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament championship seasons
NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament Final Four seasons
Maryland Terrapins men's basketball seasons
Maryland
Maryland
Maryland
Maryland
Willi Völker (13 October 1906 – 23 February 1946) was a German footballer who played as a defender for Hertha BSC and the Germany national team.
Personal life
Völker served as a Gefreiter (private) in the German Army during the Second World War. Captured by Soviet forces, he died in a prisoner of war camp on 23 February 1946.
References
1906 births
1946 deaths
Association football defenders
German footballers
Footballers from Berlin
Germany international footballers
Hertha BSC players
German Army soldiers of World War II
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the Soviet Union
German people who died in Soviet detention
20 Years of Jethro Tull (1988) is a video by Jethro Tull, also known as Jethro Tull: This Is the First 20 Years. It consists of interviews with fans, frontman Ian Anderson, Terry Ellis and Chris Wright of Chrysalis Records, and John Gee of the Marquee Club, giving a rough chronology of the band, interspersed with clips from music videos and live performances. Many of the live performances are culled from the Madison Square Garden performance during the 1978 Heavy Horses tour.
Track list
"Living in the Past"
"To Be Sad Is a Mad Way to Be"
"The Whistler" (music video)
"Too Old to Rock 'N' Roll; Too Young to Die" (music video)
"Teacher"
"Thick as a Brick"
"Songs from the Wood"
"Aqualung"
"Heavy Horses" (music video)
"Lap of Luxury"
"Said She Was a Dancer"
"Budapest"
"Steel Monkey" (music video)
"Jump Start"
Certifications
See also
20 Years of Jethro Tull (boxed set)
20 Years of Jethro Tull: Highlights (sampler)
Living with the Past
External links
20 Years Of Jethro Tull at Allmovie
20 Years Of Jethro Tull at The Internet Movie Database.
20 Years Of Jethro Tull at discogs.
Jethro Tull (band) video albums
1988 video albums
Live video albums
1988 live albums
Albums recorded at Madison Square Garden
Jethro Tull (band) live albums
Thamarassery, formerly known as Thazhmalachery, it is one of the taluk in Kozhikode district and major hill town in the Kozhikode district of Kerala, India, 30 km north-east of Kozhikode (Calicut) City and 29 km east of Koyilandy. It lies on the Calicut - Wayanad - Mysore route (National Highway 212).
History
Thamarassery belonged to the Kingdom of Kottayam before India became independent. It has witnessed the departure of the British and the great march of Tipu Sultan. Kottayam Kings who died fighting the British were given part of the land of Thamarassery in the days before freedom. The tomb of Payyampally Chandu, who was a warrior under the Kottayam Raja, is located at the Thamarassery Kotayil Sree Bhagavathi Temple.
In 1936 the Thamarassery panchayat was formed, although a public health center had already been operating for some time prior. Attakoya Thangal was the first panchayat president. JT Abdurahiman Master is the president of the Thamarassery Panchayath (since 2020 December 30).
Administration
Thamarassery panchayat is divided into 19 wards. Thamarassery panchayat comes under Koduvally state assembly constituency and Kozhikode loksabha constituency. Current MP is MK Raghavan of Congress and MLA is MK Muneer of Muslim League. Thamarassery constitutes a taluk within the Kozhikode district.
Location
The town of Thamarassery is strategically placed, being connected by road to four nearby towns (Koyilandy, Kalpetta, Mukkam and Kozhikode), all of which are around 30 km from Thamarassery. Apart from the National Highway NH 766 Kozhikode -Bangalore, the Koyilandy - Edavanna State Highway also passes through Thamarassery. Nearby places include Omassery, Koduvally, Mukkam, Thiruvambady, Balussery, Engapuzha, Kodencheri.
Landmarks
The Syro-Malabar Catholic Diocese of Thamarassery
Thamarassery Public Library (which was founded in 1946)
Mini Civil Station and Taluk office
Kedavoor Juma Masjid
Mary Matha Cathedral Church
Court Complex
The office of the DYSP
Taluk Hospital
Govt. Veterinary Hospital
Kozhikode rural district Treasury
Head Post office
BSNL divisional office
Forest and wildlife range office
Excise Range and Circle offices
Economy
Thamarassery is an agricultural area, and a large portion of its population are farmers. Coconut and rubber are the major products. Kerala's first rubber estate, now in the hands of AV Thomas and Co., is located here.
Transportation
Thamarassery is well connected to its surrounding areas via roads, which reach from it to Kozhikode, Kalpetta, Koyilandy, and Mukkam. Bus service is also available regularly. The Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) has a bus stand and depot at Thamarassery. All private buses operate from the New Bus Stand at Karadi nearby the KSRTC depot. The nearest airport, Calicut International Airport is 45 km away, while the Kozhikode Railway Station is 30km away.
The KSRTC bus service provides good connections to Kasargod, Kannur, Palakkad, Thrissur, Kottayam and Trivandrum. Several interstate bus services pass through Thamarassery, providing connections to Bengaluru, Mysuru, Ooty, Devala, Gundalpet and other places.
Tourism
Many tourist attractions are located nearby the town are
Thamarassery Churam
Thusharagiri Falls
Vayalada Viewpoint
Kakkayam Dam
Thonikadavu
Vanaparvam Biodiversity Park
Narangathode Falls
Notable People from Thamarassery
•Director Hariharan
•Sports reporter VM Balachandran (popularly known as Vimcy)
•Asharaf Thamarassery, UAE based social worker
•Shani Prabhakaran, TV journalist
•Anjali Ameer, actress
•AK Shaji, founder of MyG electronics retail
•Kishore Kumar, former Indian volleyball captain
Abdul Azeez. C P ( Azeez Avelam)
Working Group Member(Traditional Industries)State Planning Board Kerala.
Villages in Thamarassery Taluk
The position of the Thamarassery Taluk in Kozhikode district is given below:
There are 20 villages in Thamarassery Taluk :
Koodaranji
Thiruvambady
Nellipoyil
Koduvally
Puthur
Kizhakkoth
Narikkuni
Raroth
Kadavoor
Kodanchery
Puthuppadi
Koodathai
Kanthalad
Vavad
Engapuzha
Kinaloor
Panangad
Sivapuram
Educational Organizations in Thamarassery
Government Vocational Higher Secondary School Thamarassery, Korangad
Government UP School Karadi
GMUP School Raroth
Pallippuram UP School, Chalakkara
Nusrath Islamic Residential School Parappanpoyil
St.Alphonsa English Senior Secondary School
Alphonsa nursery school
IHRD College Korangad, Thamarassery
Govt LP school, Thekkumthottam
The Govt LP school, Korangad
The Govt LP school, Chungam
Vezhuppur UP school
Pallippuram LP School
Govt LP school, Chembra
St. Mary's Higher Secondary School Koodathai
References
External links
Thamarassery Grama Panchayat
Thamarassery page on the india9.com website
www.thamarasseryonline.com
Diocese of Thamarassery
Cities and towns in Kozhikode district
Thamarassery area
Granby Dam (National ID # CO01656) is an earthfill dam that dams the Colorado River northeast of Granby, Colorado in Grand County, Colorado. This -tall dam was constructed between 1941 and 1950 and has a drainage area of . The Granby Dam's reservoir is known as Lake Granby, the largest reservoir component of the Colorado-Big Thompson Project. Lake Granby stores Colorado River water that is diverted under the Continental Divide for agriculture and municipal use within north-eastern Colorado including the cities of Boulder, Fort Collins, Loveland, and Greeley. In addition to the waters of the Colorado, water from Willow Creek just below the dam is pumped up to Lake Granby. Water from Lake Granby is pumped higher by the Granby Pumping Plant to the Granby Pump Canal, which extents to Shadow Mountain Lake, from which water is diverted through the Alva B. Adams Tunnel to the East Slope.
This damsite does not generate any power directly; power is generated at other locations in the Colorado-Big Thompson Project.
References
External links
USBR Granby Dam Website
Dams on the Colorado River
Dams in Colorado
Buildings and structures in Grand County, Colorado
United States Bureau of Reclamation dams
Dams completed in 1950
Earth-filled dams
David Jones (1792 – June 26, 1870) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in Upper Canada. He represented Leeds from 1824 to 1828 and Brockville from 1834 to 1836 in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada as a Conservative member.
He was born in Montreal, the son of Daniel Jones, a United Empire Loyalist, and Margaret Hartley. Jones married Catherine Eliza Hayes. He lived in Brockville. He served in the militia, reaching the rank of lieutenant-colonel and also was a justice of the peace and registrar for Leeds County. Jones was named a judge in the court for the Eastern District in 1825. He resigned from the bench in 1842 because legislation had been passed that would have forced him to reside in Dundas County.
References
Further reading
Johnson, JK Becoming Prominent: Regional Leadership in Upper Canada, 1791-1841 (1989) p. 201
1792 births
1870 deaths
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada
Upper Canada judges
Canadian justices of the peace
is a railway station on the Jōhana Line in city of Nanto, Toyama, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Fukumitsu Station is a station on the Jōhana Line, and is located 24.7 kilometers from the end of the line at .
Layout
The station has two opposed ground-level side platforms serving two tracks, connected to the station building by a level crossing. The station has a Midori no Madoguchi staffed ticket office.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on 18 August 1897. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR West.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2015, the station was used by an average of 570 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Fukumitsu-Araki Post Office
YOshie Junior High School
Japan National Route 304
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Toyama Prefecture
Stations of West Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1898
Jōhana Line
Nanto, Toyama
Springville is an unincorporated community in Perry Township, Lawrence County, Indiana.
History
Springville was platted in 1832. It was named after Spring Creek.
Geography
Springville is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
The Heidelberg Project is an outdoor art project in the McDougall-Hunt neighborhood on Detroit's east side, just north of the city's historically African-American Black Bottom area. It was created in 1986 by the artist Tyree Guyton, who was assisted by his wife, Karen, and grandfather Sam Mackey ("Grandpa Sam"). The Heidelberg Project is in part a political protest, as Tyree Guyton's childhood neighborhood began to deteriorate after the 1967 riots. Guyton described coming back to Heidelberg Street after serving in the Army; he was astonished to see that the surrounding neighborhood looked as if "a bomb went off".
At first, the project consisted of his painting a series of houses on Detroit's Heidelberg Street with bright dots of many colors and attaching salvaged items to the houses. It was a constantly evolving work that transformed an inner-city neighborhood where people were afraid to walk, even in daytime, into one in which neighbors took pride and where visitors were many and welcomed. Despite the area being characterized by high levels of blight and poverty, the evolving art work grew Tyree Guyton worked on the Heidelberg Project daily with the children on the block. He and director Jenenne Whitfield gave lectures and workshops on the project around the country. Their main goal was to develop the Heidelberg Project into the city's first indoor and outdoor museum, complete with an artists' colony, creative art center, community garden, amphitheater, and more. In 2005 the Heidelberg Project was awarded the Rudy Bruner Award for Urban Excellence silver medal.
Demolition and destruction
The city government of Detroit has demolished some of Guyton's projects. The first time was Guyton's "The Baby Dollhouse" in 1989. Then, at five in the morning on November 26, 1991, city bulldozers and police appeared at another one of his art pieces unannounced. They gave him fifteen minutes to retrieve items he wanted to save from destruction. Another demolition of the Heidelberg Project was ordered under Mayor Dennis Archer, on February 4, 1999, of the houses Guyton termed "Your World," "Happy Feet," and "The Canfield House".
2013 / 2014 arson incidents
Starting in 2013, a number of houses in the Heidelberg Project have suffered fires. Arson is suspected in most of these cases. To date, there have not been any arrests. Even prior to 2013, arson was common in the McDougall-Hunt neighborhood, as eight to ten houses were estimated to have burned down annually prior to 2006.
2013
On May 3, 2013, the "Obstruction of Justice" house was largely destroyed by a fire beginning around 3:30 am.
Late in the evening of November 11/12, 2013, the "House of Soul" burned to the ground.
Early morning November 21, 2013. The "Penny House" was burned.
Early morning November 28, 2013, the "War House" was burned.
Late evening December 8, 2013, "Clock House" was burned.
2014
Early morning March 7, 2014, "The Party Animal House" aka "The Doll House" was burned.
Early morning September 18, 2014, the house known as "Detroit Industrial Gallery" was burned. The house had been decorated by artist Tim Burke with figurines and placards, and painted different colors.
Early morning September 30, 2014, a house known as the "Birthday Cake House" was burned. This house was not part of the Heidelberg Project, but was located on Heidelberg Street near the project. It was decorated with painted pictures of birthday cakes.
Early morning November 23, 2014, a house known as the "Taxi House" was burned, badly damaging the rear and interior of the house.
25 Years
The Heidelberg Project celebrated its 25th anniversary in 2011.
The Heidelberg Project is recognized around the world as a demonstration of the power of creativity in creating hope and a bright vision for the future. Some of the houses that remain on Heidelberg Street include the "New White House (formerly Dotty Wotty)", "Number House" along with the Detroit Industrial Gallery, and artist studio/home that was purchased and maintained by Detroit artist Tim Burke.
The Heidelberg Project hopes to offer a new approach to the growing problems of urban sprawl and decay facing many American and other international "Shrinking cities". This approach has garnered international attention, especially since the Heidelberg Project continues its maturation. The 20th Anniversary of the Heidelberg Project was celebrated on August 26, 2006, with a community festival, an event that ended a year of special attention. MTV producers filmed a segment for its show Made using the Heidelberg Project as a backdrop. Fashion model Kate Moss visited the Heidelberg Project with photographer Bruce Webber to photograph the City of Detroit for a special edition of W magazine in June 2006.
Sound file
In 2007, two books were published about the Heidelberg Project. A children's book was written by Linda McLean, and a coffee-table book, entitled Connecting the Dots: Tyree Guyton's Heidelberg Project was published by Wayne State University Press. In 2011, the HP released its first children's book, "Magic Trash: A Story of Tyree Guyton and His Art".
In 2008, the project was one of 15 projects representing the United States at the 2008 Venice Architecture Biennale.
Musician Alex Winston filmed the video for her song "Choice Notes" at the Heidelberg Project.
30 Years
In 2016 Tyree Guyton announced that the Heidelberg Project would be dismantled "piece-by-piece in a very methodical way". The future project "Heidelberg 3.0", is referred to as an "arts-infused community." Potential plans include donating dismantled parts of the installation to museums, and converting the Dotty Wotty House into a museum. During this period the digital transformation firm Isobar announced plans to utilize drones to capture images of the Heidelberg Project in order to create a virtual reality experience. In 2018, Isobar released the Heidelberg Project app for Apple iPhone and Android mobile devices.
References
External links
The Heidelberg Project official website
Connecting the Dots: Tyree Guyton's Heidelberg Project
Google Street View
Detroit Industrial Gallery
Culture of Detroit
Art in Michigan
Community development
Tourist attractions in Detroit
Public art in the United States
Tacca leontopetaloides is a species of flowering plant in the yam family Dioscoreaceae. It is native to Island Southeast Asia but have been introduced as canoe plants throughout the Indo-Pacific tropics by Austronesian peoples during prehistoric times. They have become naturalized to tropical Africa, South Asia, northern Australia, and Oceania. Common names include Polynesian arrowroot, Fiji arrowroot, East Indies arrowroot, and pia.
History of cultivation
Polynesian arrowroot is an ancient Austronesian root crop closely related to yams. It is originally native to Island Southeast Asia. It was introduced throughout the entire range of the Austronesian expansion during prehistoric times (c. 5,000 BP), including Micronesia, Polynesia, and Madagascar. Polynesian arrowroot have been identified as among the cultivated crops in Lapita sites in Palau, dating back to 3,000 to 2,000 BP. It was also introduced to Sri Lanka, southern India, and possibly also Australia through trade and contact.
Polynesian arrowroot was a minor staple among Austronesians. The roots are bitter if not prepared properly, thus it was only cultivated as a secondary crop to staples like Dioscorea alata and Colocasia esculenta. Its importance increased for settlers in the Pacific Islands, where food plants were scarcer, and it was introduced to virtually all the inhabited islands. They were valued for their ability to grow in low islands and atolls, and were often the staple crops in islands with these conditions. In larger islands, they were usually allowed to grow wild and were useful only as famine food. Several cultivars have been developed in Polynesia due to the centuries of artificial selection. The starch extracted from the root with traditional methods can last for a very long time, and thus can be stored or traded. The starch can be cooked in leaves to make starchy puddings, similar to the use of starch extracted from sago palms (Metroxylon sagu). Due to the introduction of modern crops, it is rarely cultivated today.
Description
Several petioles in length extend from the center of the plant, on which the large leaves ( long and up to wide) are attached. The leaf's upper surface has depressed veins, and the under surface is shiny with bold yellow veins. The leaves are "palmately incised and/or divided into 3-13 lobes, each lobe pinnately divided into numerous smaller ones". Flowers are borne on tall stalks in greenish-purple umbel-like clusters surrounded by large bracts, each single flower with long, threadlike bracteoles. The plant is usually dormant for part of the year and dies down to the ground. Later, new leaves will arise from the round underground tuber. The tubers are hard and potato-like, with a brown skin and white interior.
Uses
The tubers of Polynesian arrowroot contain starch, making it an important food source for many Pacific Island cultures, primarily for the inhabitants of low islands and atolls. Polynesian arrowroot was prepared into a flour to make a variety of puddings. The tubers were first grated and then allowed to soak in fresh water. The settled starch was rinsed repeatedly to remove the bitterness and then dried. The flour was mixed with mashed taro, breadfruit, or Pandanus fruit extract and mixed with coconut cream to prepare puddings. In Hawaii, a local favorite is haupia, which was originally made with pia flour, coconut cream and kō (cane sugar). Today, Polynesian arrowroot has been largely replaced by cornstarch.
The starch was additionally used to stiffen fabrics, and on some islands, the stem's bast fibres were woven into mats.
In traditional Hawaiian medicine the raw tubers were eaten to treat stomach ailments. Mixed with water and red clay, the plant was consumed to treat diarrhea and dysentery. This combination was also used to stop internal hemorrhaging in the stomach and colon and applied to wounds to stop bleeding.
Gallery
See also
Domesticated plants and animals of Austronesia
Dioscorea alata
Dioscorea esculenta
Notes
References
.
External links
Dioscoreaceae
Root vegetables
Flora of Africa
Flora of South America
Flora of tropical Asia
Flora of the Northwestern Pacific
Flora of the Southwestern Pacific
Flora of Australia
Plants described in 1891
Tropical flora
Hawaiian cuisine
Niuean cuisine
is a Japanese manga artist, best known for creating the Q.E.D. series.
He made his debut on game-related works for Enix. Presently he publishes his detective manga works on Kodansha.
In 2009, he received the Kodansha Manga Award for his work on Q.E.D..
Works
Q.E.D.
Rocket Man (manga)
C.M.B.
References
External links
Official website
Official website
Winner of Kodansha Manga Award (Shōnen)
Living people
Manga artists
Japanese mystery writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Scott Edward Roth (born June 3, 1963) is an American professional basketball coach and former player who is the head coach of the Tasmania JackJumpers of the Australian National Basketball League (NBL).
Playing career
The 6'8" forward played collegiately for the University of Wisconsin–Madison from 1982 to 1985, averaging more than 18 points per game in his senior season. Following his standout collegiate career, Roth was selected in the fourth round of the 1985 NBA draft by the San Antonio Spurs. He opted to begin his professional playing career overseas with Efes Pilsen in Turkey. He returned to North America in 1987 and appeared in 160 NBA games with the Utah Jazz (1987–88), San Antonio Spurs (1988–89) and Minnesota Timberwolves (1989–90) before returning to Europe to finish his playing career.
Coaching career
In March 2007, Roth was named head coach of the Dominican Republic national basketball team.
Roth had coached in the NBA Development League with the Bakersfield Jam from 2007 to 2009 before he joined the Golden State Warriors as an assistant coach for the 2009–10 season. He then joined the Toronto Raptors as an assistant coach for the 2010–11 season.
In the summer of 2014, Roth signed with Baloncesto Sevilla as head coach, but by September 2014 the Liga ACB had not processed his coaching license in time for him to start the season with the team. Audie Norris assumed formal head coaching duties in Roth's place, until Roth's contract was terminated on January 22, 2015.
On September 25, 2015, the Minnesota Timberwolves announced that Roth has been hired as a scout.
On August 29, 2017 it was announced that Roth was appointed as the head coach of the Iowa Wolves of the NBA G League.
On October 30, 2019, Roth joined the Perth Wildcats of the Australian National Basketball League as their lead assistant coach for the remainder of the 2019–20 NBL season.
On January 7, 2021, Roth was appointed the inaugural head coach of the NBL's Tasmania JackJumpers.
Notes
External links
Career NBA stats
1963 births
Living people
Albany Patroons players
American expatriate basketball people in Australia
American expatriate basketball people in Canada
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American expatriate basketball people in the Dominican Republic
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American men's basketball coaches
American men's basketball players
Anadolu Efes S.K. players
Bakersfield Jam coaches
Basketball coaches from Ohio
Basketball players from Cleveland
Dallas Mavericks assistant coaches
Detroit Pistons assistant coaches
Golden State Warriors assistant coaches
Greek Basket League players
Iowa Wolves coaches
Liga ACB head coaches
Liga ACB players
Memphis Grizzlies assistant coaches
Minnesota Timberwolves expansion draft picks
Minnesota Timberwolves players
Panathinaikos B.C. players
Perth Wildcats coaches
San Antonio Spurs draft picks
San Antonio Spurs players
Saski Baskonia players
Small forwards
Sportspeople from Cleveland
Toronto Raptors assistant coaches
Utah Jazz players
Vancouver Grizzlies assistant coaches
Wisconsin Badgers men's basketball players
The Illinois general election was held on November 2, 2004.
Primaries were held March 16, 2004.
Election information
Turnout
Primary election
For the primary election, turnout was 28.97%, with 2,067,824 votes cast.
Turnout by county
General election
For the general election, turnout was 71.34%, with 5,350,493 votes cast.
Turnout by county
Federal elections
United States President
Illinois voted for the Democratic ticket of John Kerry and John Edwards.
This was the fourth consecutive presidential election in which Illinois had voted for the Democratic ticket.
United States Senate
Incumbent first-term Republican Senator Peter Fitzgerald did not seek reelection. Democrat Barack Obama was elected to succeed him.
United States House
All 19 of Illinois' seats in the United States House of Representatives were up for election in 2004.
The Democratic Party flipped one Republican-held seat, making the composition of Illinois' House delegation 10 Democrats and 9 Republicans.
State elections
State Senate
23 seats of the Illinois Senate were up for election in 2004. Democrats retained their control of the chamber.
State House of Representatives
All of the seats in the Illinois House of Representatives were up for election in 2004. Democrats retained their control of the chamber.
Judicial elections
Judicial elections were held.
Local elections
Local elections were held. These included county elections, such as the Cook County elections.
Notes
References
Illinois
USCGC Point Cypress (WPB-82326) was an cutter constructed at the Coast Guard Yard at Curtis Bay, Maryland in 1961 for use as a law enforcement and search and rescue patrol boat. Since the Coast Guard policy in 1961 was not to name cutters under in length, it was designated as WPB-82326 when commissioned and acquired the name Point Cypress in January 1964 when the Coast Guard started naming all cutters longer than .
Construction and design details
Point Cypress was built to accommodate an 8-man crew. She was powered by two VT600 Cummins diesel main drive engines and had two five-bladed propellers. The main drive engines were later replaced by VT800 Cummins engines. Water tank capacity was and fuel tank capacity was at 95% full. Engine exhaust was ported through the transom rather than through a conventional stack and this permitted a 360-degree view from the bridge; a feature that was very useful in search and rescue work as well as a combat environment.
The design specifications for Point Cypress included a steel hull for durability and an aluminum superstructure and longitudinally framed construction was used to save weight. Ease of operation with a small crew size was possible because of the non-manned main drive engine spaces. Controls and alarms located on the bridge allowed one man operation of the cutter thus eliminating a live engineer watch in the engine room. Because of design, four men could operate the cutter; however, the need for resting watchstanders brought the crew size to eight men for normal domestic service. The screws were designed for ease of replacement and could be changed without removing the cutter from the water. A clutch-in idle speed of helped to conserve fuel on lengthy patrols and an maximum speed could get the cutter on scene quickly. Air-conditioned interior spaces were a part of the original design for the Point-class cutter. Interior access to the deckhouse was through a watertight door on the starboard side aft of the deckhouse. The deckhouse contained the cabin for the officer-in-charge and the executive petty officer. The deckhouse also included a small arms locker, scuttlebutt, a small desk and head. Access to the lower deck and engine room was down a ladder. At the bottom of the ladder was the galley, mess and recreation deck. A watertight door at the front of the mess bulkhead led to the main crew quarters which was ten feet long and included six bunks that could be stowed, three bunks on each side. Forward of the bunks was the crew's head complete with a compact sink, shower and commode. Accommodations for a 13-man crew were installed for Vietnam service.
History
After delivery in 1961, Point Cypress was assigned a homeport of Boston, Massachusetts, where she served as a law enforcement and search and rescue patrol boat.
At the request of the United States Navy, in October 1965, she was alerted for service in South Vietnam and assigned to Coast Guard Squadron One in support of Operation Market Time along with eight other Point-class cutters. While the crew completed overseas training and weapons qualifications at Coast Guard Island and Camp Parks, California, Point Cypress was loaded on board merchant ship and transported to Subic Bay, Philippines arriving in January 1966 where she was refitted for combat service. Shipyard modifications included installation of new single-sideband radio equipment, additional floodlights, small arms lockers, bunks, additional sound-powered phone circuits, and the addition of four M2 machine guns. The original Oerlikon 20 mm cannon was replaced with a combination over-under .50 caliber machine gun/81 mm trigger fired mortar that had been developed by the Coast Guard for service in Vietnam. For service in Vietnam, two officers were added to the crew complement to add seniority to the crew in the mission of interdicting vessels at sea.
Point Cypress was assigned to Division 13 of Squadron One to be based at Cat Lo Naval Base near Vung Tau, along with , , , , , , and . After sea trials, the Division left Subic Bay for Cat Lo on 19 February 1966 in the company of , their temporary support ship. They arrived at their new duty station on 23 February and began patrolling the coastal waters near the Rung Sat Special Zone. Duty consisted of boarding Vietnamese junks to search for contraband weapons and ammunition and check the identification papers of persons on board.
On 10 May 1966 while on patrol, Division 11 cutter interdicted a steel-hull trawler that beached near the Ca Mau Peninsula under covering fire from Viet Cong (VC) hiding in the tree line. With the assistance of and , the VC were prevented from boarding the trawler to retrieve the arms and supplies it carried. Authorization was received to destroy the trawler and Point Cypress assisted Point Grey; both cutters using their mortars to set the trawler on fire. Later the whole area was shaken with a tremendous explosion as the trawler's ammunition supplies exploded. This incident marked the first time a Market Time unit had interdicted a suspicious trawler.
Point Cypress helped with the rescue Philippine tugboat Alyee which was threatened by high seas while pulling four barges from Saigon to Cam Ranh Bay on 16 December 1967.
On 5 December 1968, Fireman Heriberto S. "Ed" Hernandez, a crewman of Point Cypress, was killed in action during small boat operations near the Ca Mau Peninsula. He was one of seven Coast Guardsmen killed in action during the Vietnam War.
After 14 July 1970, Point Cypress and were the last two cutters left in Squadron One, the other 24 having been previously transferred to the Republic of Vietnam Navy under the United States government's Vietnamization policy. On 19 July 1970 Point Cypress along with Point Marone were pulled off Market Time duties and sent to the Thanh Phu Secret Zone to land Kit Carson Scouts for a search and destroy mission. The two cutters used their mortars and machine guns to back up the assault which resulted in the capture of VC troops and boxes of enemy documents. A week later the same tactics were used with success by landing an Australian explosive ordnance detachment on the Thanh River.
The last patrol of Point Cypress was conducted on 4 August with Point Marone in a narrow canal flowing into the Cổ Chiên River with 25 Kit Carson Scouts aboard each cutter and a mostly South Vietnamese Navy crew. After both cutters had turned around in the narrow canal, Point Marone was damaged by a command detonated mine causing three deaths among the Vietnamese crew and Scouts and several injuries. Point Cypress provided suppression fire with machine guns and her mortar and the Point Marone managed to clear the ambush scene. Eleven days later, on 15 August 1970 the patched and painted Point Marone and Point Cypress were turned over to the Republic of Vietnam Navy with Point Cypress recommissioned as RVNS Hồ Duy (HQ-724).
References
Bibliography
External links
"Point" Class 82-foot WPBs Coast Guard Historian's website
Cypress
1961 ships
Vietnam War patrol vessels of the United States
United States Coast Guard ships transferred to the Republic of Vietnam Navy
Ships built by the United States Coast Guard Yard
Bernard Torelli (13 October 1955 – 18 January 2016) was a French guitarist, composer, audio engineer and record producer.
Life and career
He was born in Nice, the younger half-brother of musician and record producer Jean-Pierre Massiera. When Massiera established a new 16-track recording studio in Antibes, Torelli began recording with him as guitarist, playing on the 1974 concept album Visitors. Torelli joined the band Rockets in 1976, and featured on their debut album.
The following year, he played on another album coordinated by Massiera, Atlantide, and then on the cult psychedelic album L'Etrange Mr. Whinster, credited to Horrific Child. Torelli worked with the prolific Massiera as musician, composer, arranger and occasionally co-producer, on numerous prog rock and space disco albums and projects during the late 1970s. These included the albums Turn Radio On, Phantasmes, Space Woman (credited to the act Herman's Rocket), Galactic Soul (credited to Venus Gang), and singer Jessy Joyce's J. Joyce & Co., among others. On the 1978 prog rock album Human Egg, Torelli played guitar, bass and keyboards. In the 1970s, Torelli also worked as a session musician in Paris, with Manu Dibango among others.
In the early 1980s, Torelli moved to California. After he was introduced to French singer Michel Polnareff, he worked with him as his guitarist and engineer. He also worked with Stanley Clarke, the jazz fusion band CAB, and others. He later worked as a recording engineer at Track Star Studios in San Diego. Around 2000, he founded the software company Nomad Factory, responsible for creating programs and software for audio recording, mixing and mastering. This included developing audio software processors and plug-ins for DAWs (digital audio workstation) such as Cubase and Pro Tools.
In 2016, Torelli died as a result of cancer, aged 60.
References
External links
1955 births
2016 deaths
French record producers
French rock guitarists
French audio engineers
The Fijian ambassador in Beijing is the official representative of the government in Suva to the Government of the People's Republic of China.
History
In 1975, the Republic of the Fiji Islands was the first government of the Pacific to establish diplomatic relations with the Government of the People's Republic of China.
In 1976 the government of Beijing established an embassy in Suva Fiji.
From 1982, the Fijian ambassador to Tokyo (Japan) was concurrently accredited in China.
In 2001, Fiji opened its embassy in Beijing.
List of representatives
China–Fiji relations
References
China
Fiji
This is the list of awards and nominations received by the American drama series ER, which aired on NBC from September 19, 1994 until April 2, 2009. It has been nominated for 375 industry awards and has won 116. ER won the George Foster Peabody Award in 1995, and won 22 of the 124 Emmy Awards for which it was nominated. It also won the People's Choice Award for "Favorite Television Dramatic Series" every year from 1995 to 2002. Over the years, it has won numerous other awards, including Screen Actors Guild Awards, Image Awards, GLAAD Media Awards, and Golden Globe Awards, among others.
Emmy Awards
Primetime Emmy Awards
Nomination Submissions
1995
For the first season, Edwards submitted "Love's Labor Lost"; Clooney submitted "Long Day's Journey"; Wyle submitted "Hit and Run" and "Sleepless in Chicago"; La Salle submitted "9 ½ Hours" and "Everything Old Is New Again; and Stringfield submitted "Motherhood".
Creative Arts Emmy Awards
Eddie Awards
ALMA Awards
Artios Awards
BMI Awards
CAS Awards
DGA Awards
GLAAD Media Awards
Golden Globe Awards
Humanitas Prize
Golden Reel Awards
NAACP Image Awards
People's Choice Awards
Prism Awards
PGA Awards
SAG Awards
Teen Choice Awards
Satellite Awards
Television Critics Association Awards
TV Guide Awards
Viewer's for Quality Television Awards
Visual Effects Society Awards
WGA Awards
Young Artist Awards
Other awards
References
Lists of awards by television series
ER (TV series)
Patrick A. 'Patsy' Brown (1872 in Ireland – 1958 in Boston, Massachusetts, United States) was an Irish-American maker of the uilleann pipes. Originally from Killorglin, Co. Kerry, Ireland, he emigrated to the United States in 1892, making his home first in Chicago and then the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts. He may have made a living as a bricklayer and/or electrician. He made uilleann pipes on a part-time basis, out of his cellar, so his output was not huge, but his style is very distinctive. He may have made sets from about 1910 until his death in 1958. It is believed that, like many Irish musicians of his time, he played for dancers in the clubs around Dudley Square, Dorchester.
His earlier work was styled after that of the Taylor brothers, with broad rectangular keys along the back of the chanter, operated by small touches that wrapped around to the front of the chanter. The regulator keys at first resembled the Taylors' design, though Brown mounted them in wooden blocks, rather than between metal plates, as the Taylors did. His keywork is generally nickel-plated brass, though some are chromed (some chanters have both nickel- and chrome-plating ).
There is a story that he obtained the ivory used in the mounts from the elephant keepers at Boston's Franklin Park Zoo. They would trim the tip of the tusks, to make the ends blunt for the safety of the keepers and the other elephants. Those ends wound up in Patsy's hands, and ultimately in his pipes.
In later years his style changed to a more hybrid style, with Böhm-style keywork on all the holes at the front of the chanter, but broad, flat, Taylor-style keys on the holes at the back of the chanter. There is some speculation that he may have repaired classical flutes on a part-time basis too, which might have led him to experiment. Another theory is that it was simply an inventive way of dealing with the problems of age: arthritic fingers had an easier time achieving closure with keys. On some chanters, the keys are applied in the same manner as one would find on a flute: all of them pivot about a common rod that runs parallel to the chanter. On others, the style is really unique: each key pivots about its own rod, held in place by its own two posts, mounted above the tone hole, but transverse to the chanter. A number of his chanters are known, and not all of them share this distinctive style.
He is believed to have made only concert-pitch sets. It appears that he always used a popping valve on his chanters.
Other makers in the Boston area, who overlapped with Brown to some degree were Ned White of Roxbury, and Green. White's style was even closer than Brown's to that of the Taylor brothers, which may indicate that he was older and had personal contact with them. He is mentioned in O'Neill's Irish Minstrels. Some of his sets are still extant.
It is reported that Patsy Brown taught Seán McAloon to make reeds, by correspondence.
References
External links
http://www.uilleannobsession.com/diary_2005.html (search for 'Patsy Brown')
1872 births
1958 deaths
Irish uilleann pipers
Bagpipe makers
19th-century Irish musicians
20th-century Irish musicians
Three Trumpets is an album by the Prestige All Stars nominally led by trumpeters Art Farmer, Donald Byrd and Idrees Sulieman, recorded in 1957 and released on the New Jazz label.
Reception
Scott Yanow of AllMusic reviewed the album, stating: "Three of the up-and-coming hard bop trumpeters of the 1950s are matched up on this jam session-flavored set. ...Although none of the songs caught on there are some fireworks during these performances".
Track listing
"Palm Court Alley" (Idrees Sulieman) – 7:48
"Who's Who?" (Art Farmer) – 6:29
"Diffusion of Beauty" (Hod O'Brien) – 7:01
"Forty Quarters" (Sulieman) – 4:34
"You Gotta Dig It to Dig It" (Donald Byrd) – 13:30
Personnel
Art Farmer, Donald Byrd, Idrees Sulieman – trumpet
Hod O'Brien – piano
Addison Farmer – bass
Ed Thigpen – drums
Teddy Charles – supervisor
Rudy Van Gelder – engineer
References
Art Farmer albums
Donald Byrd albums
Idrees Sulieman albums
1957 albums
Prestige Records albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Firefly, in comics, may refer to:
Firefly (DC Comics), a number of Batman villains, including Garfield Lynns and Ted Carson, as well as Bridgit Pike in the Gotham TV series
Firefly (Archie Comics), a Golden Age superhero from MLJ Comics, who has become a character in the Archie comic book universe and DC's Impact Comics imprint
Firefly (G.I. Joe), a villain in the G.I. Joe universe who has appeared in a number of the comic books based on the franchise
Firefly franchise comics:
Serenity, published by Dark Horse Comics from 2005 to 2017 including:
Serenity: Those Left Behind, a 2005 miniseries
Serenity: Better Days, a 2008 miniseries
Serenity: Leaves on the Wind, a 2014 miniseries
Firefly, published by Boom! Studios from 2018 to present.
Firefly, a Marvel Comics character who has gone up against Nova
References
See also
Firefly (disambiguation)
Sinha is a village in Barhara block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 13,186, in 1,953 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Zambia women's national under-20 football team, the Young She-polopolo, represents the country in international U20 competitions. The team, originally a U19 national team until 2006, has competed in the African Women U-19 Championship qualifying competition and the African qualifying competitions for the FIFA U19/U20 World Cup. Because of local conditions related to the whole of women's football on the continent, the team faces challenges for improving their performance.
Background
Zambia women's national under-20 football team is nicknamed the Young She-polopolo. The team's official kit colours include green shorts, a green jersey and green socks. Women's football was formally organised by the Football Association of Zambia in 1983. Since that time, Zambia has created a women's senior national team and an under-20 team. Women's football continues to be supported by the national federation who have budgeted money for the women's game and youth game. In 2009, there were 100 women's teams for players over 16, and 112 youth women's teams for players under 16.
Women's football in Africa as a whole faces problems that include limited access to education, poverty amongst women in the wider society, and fundamental inequality present in the society that occasionally allows for female specific human rights abuses. When quality football players are produced in Africa, often they leave the country to seek greater opportunities elsewhere, to the detriment of the local game. Funding also is a problem for the women's game in Africa, with most of the funding for women's football in the Africa coming from FIFA, not the local national football association.
Performance
Zambia women's national under-20 football team has participated in qualification tournaments for several events including the U19/U20 World Cup and the African Women's Championships. Up until the 2006, the FIFA Women World Cup close to this age group was for U19, but for the 2006 World Cup, the age was changed to U20. Zambia has participated in the qualification process for this competition as both the FIFA Women U19 World Cup and FIFA Women U20 World Cup.
The team participated in the first edition of the African Women U-19 Championship held in 2002. Zambia earned a bye in the first round when Malawi withdrew from the competition. They made it to the quarterfinals, where they met South Africa women's national under-20 football team whom Zambia lost to twice with scores of 0–1 and 2–3. Zambia women's national under-20 football team participated in the 2006 African Women U-20 Championship. They played a home and away series in Round 1 against Mozambique women's national under-20 football team, losing the match in Kitwe 0–4. In the return match in Mozambique, they won 2–1. They participated in the FIFA CAF U-20 World Cup 2008 Qualifying. They played against Egypt in the opening round. In the first match in Lusaka on 12 January 2008, they tied 2–2. In the return match on 25 January 2008 in Ismailia, they against tied but with a score of 1–1.
Zambia participated in the 2010 Africa Cup qualifiers. As part of a home and away series in the competition against South Africa, Zambia lost the first match 0–6 in early January in South Africa. On 23 January 2010, they played their second match, a return game at home Zambia, with the side being skippered by Veronica Banda, Jane Mutambo in goal and with Wisdom Kaira was the team's coach 2010 also saw Zambia's U20 team compete in the FIFA U20 World Cup qualifying tournament for Africa. In the first round, Zambia women's national under-20 football team beat Kenya women's national under-20 football team at home 2–1. In the return leg in Kenya, Zambia lost 4–0 and did not advance. In 2012, Zambia again tried to qualify for the FIFA U20 World Cup in the African tournament. This time, the Zambian side was coached by Martha Kapombo. In the first round, Zambia lost to Kenya by an aggregate of 5–2 from the two matches, one home and away for both teams. Zambia lost the second match at Nyayo National Stadium in Nairobi by a score of 0–4. In a mid-February game, they had beaten Kenya 2–1 at Sunset Stadium in Lusaka. Kapombo said of the second game, "We were not prepared to lose to Kenya; actually we knew that we were going to beat them by four goals like they did to us. They changed most of the players who we played with in Zambia and that made it very hard for us in the midfield which failed to click." The Kenyan coach Florence Adhiambo said of the game ""We have come very far, we've been training hard and now we've seen what good training can do. We have worked hard to be here and the fans really played a very important role into this victory." The leg winner was scheduled to play Tunisia in the second round.
References
External links
Twitter: Zambia football
women
Women's national under-20 association football teams
African national under-20 association football teams
Nijverdal West was a temporary railway station located in Nijverdal, the Netherlands. The station was located on the Zwolle–Almelo railway and opened on 14 December 2009. It closed on 3 March 2013. The services were operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
To improve road and rail routes between Almelo and Zwolle there were many works along the line. As a result of this, temporary station Nijverdal West was opened in December 2009. During its operational period, there was no direct service between Zwolle and Almelo. The services operated as Zwolle - Nijverdal West and Nijverdal - Almelo - Enschede, with a shuttle bus service between Nijverdal West and Nijverdal.
Train service
The following services called at Nijverdal West:
2× per hour local service (stoptrein) Zwolle - Nijverdal West
References
Railway stations in Overijssel
Railway stations opened in 2009
Hellendoorn
The Blue Nile Falls is a waterfall on the Blue Nile river in Ethiopia. It is known as Tis Abay in Amharic, meaning "great smoke". It is situated on the upper course of the river, about downstream from the town of Bahir Dar and Lake Tana. The falls are one of Ethiopia's best-known tourist attractions.
The falls are high, consisting of four streams that originally varied from a trickle in the dry season to over 400 meters wide in the rainy season. Regulation of Lake Tana now reduces the variation somewhat, and since 2003 a hydro-electric station has taken much of the flow out of the falls except during the rainy season. The Blue Nile Falls isolate the ecology of Lake Tana from the ecology of the rest of the Nile, and this isolation has played a role in the evolution of the endemic fauna of the lake.
A short distance downstream from the falls sits the first stone bridge constructed in Ethiopia, built at the command of Emperor Susenyos in 1626. According to Manuel de Almeida, stone for making lime had been found nearby along the tributary Alata, and a craftsman who had come from India with Afonso Mendes, the Orthodox Patriarch of Ethiopia, supervised the construction.
Notes
Waterfalls of Ethiopia
Blue Nile
Tourist attractions in Ethiopia
Block waterfalls
Blue Nile Falls /"Tis Abay Falls"/ are found in West Gojjam, Amhara Region, Ethiopia.
Thumbolarcha is a 1974 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed and produced by Kunchacko. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sheela, Srividya and Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair. The film has musical score and songs composed by G. Devarajan.
Plot
The film depicts an episode in the youth of Puthooram Aromal Chekavar and cousin Chandu before the infamous fatal duel described in the film Unniyarcha (1961).
Thumbolarcha (Sheela), the fair warrior maiden of Mikavil Mikacheri family, is a fiancee by cross-cousinage of Aromal Chekavar (Prem Nazir) and they both wish to marry. However, as fate would have it, Archa's life is turned upside down when one night, a distraught father with his pregnant daughter (Sreevidya) in labour appear at their doorstep confounded by weather. The magnanimous Archa take them in and offer them the best hospitality and service in the absence of her family, and the lady gives birth to a boy safely. However the father escapes with the daughter before dawn leaving the child at Mikacheri house, implying that this was an illegitimate pregnancy that nobody likes to acknowledge. Archa, though upset at the situation, refuses to dispose off the baby as her friends suggest and decides to bring the baby up herself. This, however, leads to speculations that the baby is her own, and even her own parents and uncle who return from a trip of many months from the North, fall suspicious of Archa's affection for the baby and start believing that she herself became pregnant and delivered during their absence.
Aromal's parents Kannappa Chekavar (Thikkurissi) and wife (Adoor Pankajam), who arrived to formally decide the marriage of Aromal and Archa gets to witness the scandal firsthand and decide against the proposal. Back home, Aromal himself is sympathetic at first though the overwhelming public opinion and misogynist scandal all over the place influence him to summarily reject Thumbolarcha, his love for long, shocking her to the core. Furthermore, Aromal's family quickly finds him another alliance and he is compelled to marry soon. Watching from her balcony, Archa is shocked to realise that Aromal's bride Kunjunnooli (Srividya) is none other than the lady who delivered the baby at her house earlier. She decides against making a revelation fearing for Kunjunnooli's life and reputation, while Kunjunnooli herself is upset to see Archa and later devastated to know from Aromal of their past affair. Realising that she herself was the reason behind the ruin of Thumbolarcha's life and Aromal's love, she argues with Aromal for Archa's case and pleads that he save Archa too from the disgraced life that she has been condemned to.
Archa herself, though devastated by the unkindest cut served by the love of her life, resigns to her fate and decides to devote her life to raising the baby.
But her family would naturally have none of that. Her father (G. K. Pillai) and uncle (N. Govindankutty) go on to court Chandu Chekavar (K. P. Ummer), Aromal's cousin, who also had an eye on Archa but was summarily rejected by them all. Chandu demands that Archa undergo a so-called Test of Fire at the local temple to prove her fidelity and further demand that the baby be killed if he is to marry Archa. Archa's family is all set to agree and Archa realises that she has no choice. She also happens to witness Chandu personally strangling the baby at her house. Determined to exact revenge on him, she declares that she would prove her fidelity on the appointed day and further put to test any warrior who wishes to court her; she would marry only a warrior who can defeat her. Chandu who underestimates Archa and has a deluded image of himself, agrees in amusement.
On the appointed day, in a dramatic magical display, Archa proves her fidelity before a large audience by emerging unscathed from fire. She further challenges any warrior who wishes to court her and proceeds to defeat everybody present hand down, including the acclaimed Chandu Chekavar himself. At this point, a crude tribal youth (Prem Nazir) emerges as a suitor and defeats Archa to everybody's surprise. Impressed, Archa submits herself in marriage to him, though her family as well as Chandu seethe in humiliation. Archa is taken to the tribal youth's hut and she moves in with his family, happily blending in. However, the enigmatic youth leaves on an errand of work into the deep forest without consummating their marriage, for which he promises to return on a certain auspicious night.
At this time, her family and Chandu come into an unholy pact and abduct her from her husband's family by crook. Archa is placed under custody in her own home and preparations are underway to arrange Chandu's marriage ceremony with her.
Hearing of the developments in Archa's life and sympathising with her, Aromal decides to intervene on behalf of her and her tribal husband. Aromal's family is however, wary of any further exchanges with Archa and discourage him. As such, Aromal plays a double game of confounding both his family and Archa's and end up playing security in her own house. On the auspicious night that Archa expects her husband, Aromal enters her bed, overpowers her and has sex with her forcefully. The traumatised Archa is devastated that she couldn't keep herself together for her husband, but is delighted when her tribal youth appears before her to reveal that he was none other than Aromal himself. Together, they arrange a plan to sort things together.
However, Aromal is later removed from the house by Archa's family on Chandu's suspicion, and he is unable to rally help for an all-out attack from his family. Meanwhile Archa realises that she is pregnant with Aromal's child, and delivers her baby within the confines of her home. Again Chandu, who is still in awe of Archa's beauty, demands that the baby be killed so that he marries her. On a fateful night when the baby is thrown in water and Archa out to save it, Aromal reaches them in time and takes his wife and child home to Puthooram family.
The developments infuriate Chandu and Archa's family, who conclude that Aromal was responsible for both the babies involved, launch an all-out attack on Puthooram family. Before the final showdown, Kunjunnooli reveals that she was the mother of the child delivered earlier at Mikacheril and that Chandu was the father. Thumbolarcha also reveals how she witnessed Chandu strangling the baby, which is now revealed to be his own, born of a dalliance between him and Kunjunnooli when she was his student of Kalari for a brief period.
Chandu is shunned by everyone and summarily defeated by Aromal, who pardons his life at the behest of Kannappa Chekavar. Aromal lives happily ever after with his two wives Thumbolarcha and Kunjunnooli.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Aromal Chekvar
Sheela as Thumbolarcha
Srividya as Kunjunnooli
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Kannappa Chekavar
Adoor Pankajam as Ponni
G. K. Pillai as Udayappan, Thumblarcha's father
K. P. Ummer as Elavannur Madathil Chandu
Kanchana (old)
N. Govindankutty as Thumbolarcha's uncle
Pala Thankam as Paanathi
Premji
Rajakokila as Theyi
S. P. Pillai as Panar
Sumithra as Thamara
Adoor Bhasi as Bidanthan
Pankajavalli as Thumbolarcha's maid
Paravoor Bharathan as Kunjuneeli's father
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1974 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Corestheta alternata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Carter in 1929. It is known from Australia.
References
Dorcadiini
Beetles described in 1929
Peter van der Bosch (19 October 1686, Brussels – 14 November 1736) was a Bollandist (Jesuit hagiographer).
After studying the humanities at the College of Brussels from 1698 to 1705, he entered the novitiate of the Society of Jesus at Mechlin on 25 September 1705. At the close of his novitiate he studied philosophy at Antwerp, 1707–09, and then spent a year in Italy to complete his literary training. Recalled to Antwerp in 1710, he spent six years in teaching and then went to Leuven, where he took a theological course, 1716–20. He was ordained priest at Leuven in 1719 and distinguished himself by the public defense of theses in March and September 1719, and by his defence "De Universa Theologia" in 1720. In 1721, at the end of his third year of probation, he was made an assistant to the Bollandists and remained a member of this body during the rest of his life. His hagiographical writings are found in July, IV-VI, and August, I-III.
This article incorporates text from the 1913 Catholic Encyclopedia article "Peter van der Bosch" by Ch. de Smedt, a publication now in the public domain.
1686 births
1736 deaths
Flemish Jesuits
Clergy from Brussels
Christian hagiographers
Writers from Brussels
Old University of Leuven alumni
Yuanxi may refer to:
Places in China
Yuanxi Subdistrict (源西街道), a subdistrict of Yuancheng District, Heyuan, Guangdong
Yuanxi, Sichuan (鸳溪), a town in Cangxi County, Sichuan
Historical eras
Yuanxi (元熙, 304–308), era name used by Liu Yuan (Han Zhao), emperor of Han Zhao (Former Zhao)
Yuanxi (元璽, 352–357), era name used by Murong Jun, emperor of Former Yan
Yuanxi (元熙, 419–420), era name used by Emperor Gong of Jin
See also
Yuan Xi (died 207), the second son of the warlord Yuan Shao
Vadim Galeyev (born 7 February 1992) is a Kazakh cyclist, who last rode for UCI Continental team .
Major results
2014
1st Road race, Asian Under-23 Road Championships
1st Stage 2 Tour de Bretagne
4th Overall Tour of China II
1st Stage 3
2015
9th Sochi Cup
2016
6th Grand Prix of Vinnytsia
7th Grand Prix of ISD
2018
7th Race Horizon Park Classic
8th Overall Tour of Mediterrennean
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Kazakhstani male cyclists
People from Petropavl
"Let's Pretend We're Married" is a song by American musician Prince from his 1982 album 1999. It was the final US single from the album and peaked at number 52 in the US.
Background
The song consists mainly of keyboards and drum machines, along with Prince's vocals. Two verses followed by choruses form the main basis of the song. The song breaks down to an instrumental section with Prince repeating "I wanna fuck you" followed by him saying "Look here, Marsha; I'm not saying this just to be nasty. I sincerely wanna fuck the taste out of your mouth." The final part of the song is an a cappella with Prince stating his philosophy on life—he loves God for fear of the afterlife but he's going to have fun while he can, a theme echoed in "1999". The song was performed live on the Purple Rain Tour. Prince's vocal range on the song spans from F2 to B6.
Reception and performances
The B-side, "Irresistible Bitch", received equal airplay and so qualified to chart alongside the A-side. The track was written and first recorded in 1981, and segues from the song "Feel U Up", which was re-recorded in 1986 for the Camille project. The original version of "Irresistible Bitch" has a much rougher vocal, and is an organ-driven song. The 1982-1983 remake which was released as the B-side of "Let's Pretend We're Married" has more percussion, both live drums and drum machines, along with bell-like keyboards and vocal backup from Wendy & Lisa. The lyrics are the familiar Prince theme of a jilted lover who treats his woman well, but gets treated badly in return. The song was performed on the Purple Rain tour, and once again with the New Power Generation, for their 1992–1993 tours.
Chart performance
Cover versions
Tina Turner has covered "Let's Pretend We're Married" in live performances, and one of these is included on her The Collected Recordings – Sixties to Nineties album. This performance was originally released as the B-side of her own "Show Some Respect" single in 1984 (in the UK, it was included as the B-side of "I Can't Stand the Rain" in 1985).
References
1982 songs
1983 singles
Prince (musician) songs
Songs written by Prince (musician)
Tina Turner songs
Music videos directed by Bruce Gowers
Warner Records singles
Song recordings produced by Prince (musician)
Songs about marriage
William B. Travis High School is a high school located in south Austin, Texas, United States, which is part of the Austin Independent School District. It was opened in 1953 and is named after William B. Travis, who was one of the commanding officers at the Battle of the Alamo. It Austin's oldest high school south of the Colorado River.
As of November 2009, there were over 1,400 students enrolled. Travis' athletic teams are known as the Rebels, and their school colors are red and grey. The Navy JROTC program at THS is the largest ROTC program in Austin and currently has the best shooting team out of all the JROTC units in the state of Texas. As of February 2015, the JROTC program, for the first time, has qualified for state competition under the command of C/LCDR Martinez, the commanding officer. The school has also been selected as a mentor school by the Texas Education Agency.
In 2002, an Institute of Hospitality & Culinary Arts was opened at Travis.
History
In 1966 the first five African-American students began attending Travis as part of desegregation; a total of 13 black students attended white high schools in AISD at that time.
Rivals
Travis' biggest rivalry is with fellow AISD school McCallum. The two schools meet annually in many different sports, the largest being an annual football game known as the "Battle of the Bell", in which the winning school is given possession of a 50-pound locomotive bell that has been fought over for decades. During the game, "The Bell" will spend the first half on the defending school's side; at half time it will travel to the opponent's side (usually carried by the cheerleaders, student council, or journalism departments of both schools) where it will sit until the outcome of the game. "The Bell" is usually rung by the winning team in the middle of the field after victory, and at the winning team's school until midnight, at which time it will be stored until the next year's game. The winning school also engraves the date and score of the year's game on the bell, keeping track of the history of the rivalry. Most years, the outcome of this game highly affects which team is named District 26-4A Champions.
In 2010, the Rebels defeated the McCallum Knights for the first time in over a decade. "The Bell" was awarded to Travis, who defended it for the first time in 11 years at the 2011 game.
Another Travis rival is the AISD school David Crockett High School, a game in which the winner is tagged "Kings of the South".
Travis High in Popular Media
Travis High School has been featured in two full-length motion pictures. Its hallways were featured in the 2004 football drama Friday Night Lights. Also, the THS Band annually participates in the filming of the NBC TV series based on the movie, participating as extras and featured as the visiting team band at football games (See Friday Night Lights (TV Series)). The school was also the main setting in the 2006 comedy-mockumentary Chalk. Its football field was featured in High School Musical. It has also been featured in several documentaries.
Travis High School was featured on Wyatt Cenac's Problem Areas 19: Immigration Problems. Travis' Ethnic Studies class and teacher, Andrew Gonzales, were interviewed regarding immigration and Texas public schools.
NJROTC: 2001-2019
The Travis NJROTC Unit was established in 2001 by agreement between Austin ISD and the United States Navy. One of the main tenets of the program was towards developing excellent citizens/leaders of our great Nation. Over the course of the last 18 years, the NJROTC has represented William B. Travis High school in many local and State Drill meets and supported countless community service events to the Austin area. Academic year 2018/2019 marked the final year of the program due to extremely low enrollment. The School and District declined the Navy's offer to transition to the smaller version of the program known as a Navy National Defense Cadet Corps.
Notable alumni
Psychedelic-rock cult legend Roky Erickson attended Travis High School beginning in 1962, but dropped out in 1965, one month before graduating, rather than cut his hair to conform to the school dress code.
Country music singer/songwriter Rusty Wier, a South Austin legend and a symbol of Austin's "Cosmic Cowboy" scene of the 1970s who was best known for his hit "Don't It Make You Wanna Dance," attended Travis High. Wier, who was part of Austin's "Cosmic Cowboy scene in the 1970s, is a member of the Austin Music Awards Hall of Fame.
Former Major League Baseball player Ken Boswell, a member of the New York Mets' World Series championship team in 1969, played baseball at Travis and was in the Class of 1964.
Rudy Alvarez, a Travis graduate in 1966 and a former teammate of Boswell's on the Rebels' baseball team, is a South Austin institution, having coached baseball at Travis and Bowie high schools for four decades. Alvarez is a member of the Texas High School Baseball Coaches Association Hall of Fame.
Journalist David Lindsey, a former co-editor of The Southerner, Travis High School's student newspaper, is an executive editor at National Geographic. Lindsey graduated from Travis in 1980.
Powderburn drummer Joel Reyes attended Travis High School beginning in 1991 and graduated in 1995. Reyes was a first-chair member of the drum line as well as an editor and photographer for the school newspaper and yearbook. Powderburn has earned numerous Austin Music Awards for "best metal band" (2002, 2003, 2004, 2006) and won "MP3 of the Year" in 2002. They were also featured on the farmclub.com TV show hosted by Matt Pinfield back in the early 2000s. Powderburn continues to perform mainly in the Austin and Houston area markets.
References
External links
School Website
School Website Alternate URL
Austin Independent School District: Travis High School
JROTC Website
School Report Cards
Educational institutions established in 1953
High schools in Austin, Texas
Austin Independent School District high schools
1953 establishments in Texas
Justice: What's the Right Thing to Do? is a 2009 book on political philosophy by Michael J. Sandel.
Background
The work was written to accompany Sandel's "Justice" course at Harvard University, which he has taught for more than thirty years and which has been offered online and in various TV summary versions. There is also an accompanying sourcebook of readings: Justice: A Reader.
Summary
Sandel addresses a series of alternative theories of justice. The utilitarianism of Jeremy Bentham is outlined and criticised and then John Stuart Mill's refinements are discussed. The libertarians, in particular Robert Nozick, and their arguments are discussed. Then Sandel discusses Immanuel Kant and his 'categorical imperative'. The discussion then goes on to John Rawls's work. Then Aristotle and the concept of 'telos' is discussed. It is here that Sandel begins to make clear his own perspective. He argues that justice, rather than being autonomous (as Kantians or Rawlsians might have it), has a goal: a form of communitarianism. Sandel quotes Alasdair MacIntyre and his characterisation of humans as being 'storytelling beings' who live their lives with narrative quests.
Reception
Reviews have largely been positive. The New York Times praised Sandel's ability to teach and says, "If 'Justice' breaks no new philosophical ground, it succeeds at something perhaps no less important: in terms we can all understand, it confronts us with the concepts that lurk, so often unacknowledged, beneath our conflicts." The Guardian calls it a "timely plea for us to desist from political bickering and see if we can have a sensible discussion about what sort of society we really want to live in." The Portsmouth Review calls it an "enlightening read".
Notes
References
Justice: A Journey in Moral Reasoning, Michael J. Sandel
Makarchev, Nikita. "Sandel Wins Enrollment Battle." The Harvard Crimson. September 26, 2007.
Harvard University's Justice with Michael Sandel
"Justice"—On Air, in Books, Online, by Craig Lambert, September 22, 2009
BBC Four's Justice series.
External links
Presentation by Sandel on Justice, November 9, 2009, C-SPAN
2009 non-fiction books
Contemporary philosophical literature
English-language books
Political philosophy literature
Works by Michael J. Sandel
Rufus Osgood Mason (January 22, 1830, in Sullivan, New Hampshire – May 11, 1903, in New York City) was a physician, surgeon, and teacher and an early researcher in parapsychology and hypnotherapy.
Biography
Mason was the son of Rufus and Prudence (Woods) Mason. He prepared for college at Thetford, Vermont, and later graduated from Dartmouth College in 1854. He then entered Union Theological Seminary (1854–1855) before moving to medicine. In 1859, he graduated from the College of Physicians and Surgeons in New York City (now a part of Columbia University). He became one of the most noted surgeons of his day in New York City.
During the American Civil War, he became an assistant surgeon for the United States Navy. From 1861 to 1864 he served on the USS Santiago de Cuba. In 1864 he took up medical practice in New York City, where he was attending physician at Northwestern Dispensary until 1869.
Between leaving Union Theological Seminary and entering the medical profession, he became an instructor at a public school in Cleveland, Ohio. It was there that he met, taught, inspired, and befriended "a small barefoot boy", William Rockefeller (brother of John D. Rockefeller). The relationship would endure through the years, and Mason became "a Rockefeller patron" toward the advancing of the medical sciences.
Mason was deeply interested in metaphysical speculation and theory. His input would help in the early pioneer development of parapsychology and psychical research. These subjects were published in many books, magazines, and newspaper articles. He is accredited as "an early father-pioneer of parapsychology" and advance-supporter of the study of applied therapeutic uses of what is known today as hypnotherapy.
He was a contributing member of the Society for Psychical Research. His main publication was the book Telepathy and the Subliminal Mind (1897), and his work focused on case studies and popularization. His chief contributions to the field are considered to be the latter, in the United States, particularly relating to the work of the Society for Psychical Research and the theories of Frederic William Henry Myers.
Much of Mason's work and observations in psychical research would be applied in early ESP, telepathy, astral (OOBE) research, and in present-day remote viewing. The 50th annual convention of the Parapsychological Association, September 2007, acclaimed him as an early pioneer in parapsychology and psychical research.
He was married first in New York City to Marian Isabelle Goodwin in July 1871, and married second to Charlotte Louise Quick in 1886. After his death the latter used her inheritance to become a leading patron of the Harlem Renaissance.
References
External links
1830 births
1903 deaths
Parapsychologists
Union Navy surgeons
People from Sullivan, New Hampshire
A Woman's Secret is a 1949 film noir directed by Nicholas Ray and starring Maureen O'Hara, Gloria Grahame and Melvyn Douglas. The film was based on the novel Mortgage on Life by Vicki Baum.
Plot
In a story told in a series of flashbacks, singer Marian Washburn loses her voice. Aided by her pianist, Luke Jordan, they promote a young singer, Susan Caldwell. When Susan decides to quit the business, she is shot and seriously wounded in the Park Avenue apartment in New York that she and Marian share. When the police arrive, Marian confesses.
Luke believes there must be more to this. He hires attorney Brook Matthews, who has a past relationship with Susan and, to Police Inspector Fowler, Luke explains at length how he and Marian came to know Susan.
After an audition, Susan, an aspiring singer from Azusa, California, collapsed from starvation in front of them. Luke and Marian took her home to take care of her, and heard her voice. They decided to promote Susan's career, taking her to France, where as a performer she became known as "Estrellita," but, behind their backs, briefly ran off to Algiers with a soldier, Lee Crenshaw.
In the present, as Susan fights for her life trying to survive the gunshot wound in a hospital, Crenshaw gets into a verbal confrontation with Luke while admitting that he had given her a Luger pistol from the war as a gift.
Luke relates to Fowler and the inspector's amateur-sleuth wife, Mary, how on a boat home from France they encountered Brook, the influential lawyer, just as they hoped they might. Brook had been known to sponsor young talent and, before long, he became Susan's patron, with a personal relationship also developing between them.
When she comes to in the hospital, a delirious Susan confirms the story Marian has told, that she was shot by Marian after their quarrel. Mary points out to her detective husband that Susan had just finished reading a newspaper account of the crime and could have been influenced by that.
A piece of key evidence leads to the truth, that Susan possessed the gun and, when Marian became concerned that Susan might be contemplating suicide, they struggled over the weapon and it went off. Charges are dismissed and Marian returns to Luke.
Cast
Reception
Box office
The film recorded a loss of $760,000.
Critical response
When the film was released, the staff at Variety magazine gave the film a mixed review, writing, "There's too much unintended mystery about A Woman's Secret for it to be anything but spotty entertainment ... O'Hara gives a straightforward account of herself. Grahame carries handicap of bad makeup and unbecoming hairdress, and Douglas is too coy as the piano-playing friend. Flippen is topnotch as the detective, lifting his scenes, as does Mary Phillips as his amateur private-eye wife."
More recently, film critic Dennis Schwartz, panned the film, writing, "Nicholas Ray (Rebel Without a Cause/In a Lonely Place/Born to Be Bad) takes a routine 'woman's pic' and turns it into a somewhat oddly diverting noir film by using a few of his perverse touches to liven up the dry story. Though made before Ray's 'official' debut feature They Live by Night, A Woman's Secret was released afterward (new RKO studio boss Howard Hughes held up the release date for no apparent reason, but when released the film lost money as it failed to capitalize on Gloria Grahame's current career momentum which quickly faded) ... In the end, things get untangled. But it's resolved in such a half-hearted and unconvincing way, that the tidied up gem of a mess still gives off an awful stink."
References
External links
1949 films
1949 drama films
American drama films
American black-and-white films
Film noir
Films based on Austrian novels
Films directed by Nicholas Ray
Films scored by Friedrich Hollaender
Films with screenplays by Herman J. Mankiewicz
Films produced by Herman J. Mankiewicz
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Dorcadion alexandris is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Pic in 1900.
See also
Dorcadion
References
alexandris
Beetles described in 1900
Samuel Wakim (born 13 February 1937) is a Canadian lawyer and former Progressive Conservative party member of the House of Commons of Canada. A member of the Queen's Counsel, he practises law in Toronto, Ontario.
Born in Saint John, New Brunswick, Wakim earned his undergraduate degree at St. Francis Xavier University (B. Sc., 1959) where he met future prime minister Brian Mulroney. The two became close friends. He earned his law degree at the University of New Brunswick in 1962, and was called to the bar in the same year. In Ontario, he was called to the bar in 1965.
He represented Ontario's Don Valley East electoral district which he won in the 1979 federal election. After serving his only term, the 31st Canadian Parliament, he was defeated in the 1980 federal election by David Smith of the Liberal party.
In 2007, he represented Brian Mulroney in litigation with businessman Karlheinz Schreiber. He also represented the former Prime Minister in litigation with the journalist Peter C. Newman.
Electoral record
References
External links
1937 births
Living people
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Ontario
Politicians from Saint John, New Brunswick
Progressive Conservative Party of Canada MPs
St. Francis Xavier University alumni
Canadian Queen's Counsel
Canadian politicians of Lebanese descent
Rahvard () is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 503, in 135 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Hans "Hasse" Karlsson (1 September 1932 – 1 June 2008) was a Swedish footballer who played as a defender. He made 119 Allsvenskan appearances for Djurgårdens IF and scored 29 goals. A former manager of IF Elfsborg, IFK Göteborg and the Sweden women's national football team, he died in June 2008.
Honours
Djurgårdens IF
Allsvenskan: 1959, 1964
References
1932 births
2008 deaths
Association football defenders
Swedish footballers
Allsvenskan players
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
Swedish football managers
IF Elfsborg managers
IFK Göteborg managers
Sweden women's national football team managers
The Abanga River is a river of Gabon. It is one of the right tributaries of the Ogooué. It rises in the Cristal Mountains, near Medouneu. It is about 160 km long. It joins the Ogooué river near the town of Bifoun.
References
Lerique Jacques. 1983. Hydrographie-Hydrologie. in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 14–15. Paris, France: Edicef.
Perusset André. 1983. Oro-Hydrographie (Le Relief) in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 10–13. Paris, France: Edicef.
Rivers of Gabon
"Jaded" is a song by Canadian rapper Drake from his album, Scorpion (2018). It was released along with the album on June 29, 2018. The song was co-written by Drake, singer Ty Dolla Sign, and Noel Cadastre, and was produced by the latter. It features additional background vocals by Ty Dolla Sign. R&B singer Jacquees remixed the song. Drake fans have speculated about the identity of the woman described in the lyrics.
Critical reception
While comparing "Jaded' to the Aerosmith's song of the same name, Winston Cook-Wilson writing for Spin called Drake's hit a "slithering, soporific trap ballad" and The Independent, in its review of the album, wrote that the "track falls flat". Nevertheless, the song did well on various charts around the world, reaching the Top 40 in the United States and Canada.
Charts
References
2018 songs
Drake (musician) songs
Songs written by Drake (musician)
Songs written by Ty Dolla Sign
Vladyslav Hrinchenko (; born on 22 September 1989, in Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football player.
Club history
He currently plays for the club FC Kremin Kremenchuk. He used to play for PFC Sevastopol.
References
External links
Official team website for FC Kremin Kremenchuk
Official team website for PFC Sevastopol
FC Kremin Kremenchuk Squad
Living people
FC Sevastopol players
FC Kremin Kremenchuk players
Ukrainian footballers
1989 births
Association football midfielders
Aguaje Draw is a valley and a tributary stream of the Little Colorado River in Apache County, Arizona and Valencia County, New Mexico. The mouth of Aguaje Draw is located at its confluence with Carrizo Wash, a tributary of the Little Colorado River, at an elevation of 5,741 feet / 1,750 meters in Apache County, Arizona. Its source is located at at an elevation of 6,759 feet / 2,232 meters, in Valencia County, New Mexico.
References
Rivers of Apache County, Arizona
Rivers of Valencia County, New Mexico
Rivers of Arizona
Thomas Mathew (born 30 July 1961) is an Indian cricketer who has played 37 first-class matches between 1981 and 1990.
Mathew, a right handed batsman for Kerala, served the state as an opening batsman, and has scored over 1000 runs in Ranji Trophy. After his retirement, he represented the state as a selector of Kerala Cricket Association.
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Kerala cricketers
Indian cricketers
South Zone cricketers
Cricketers from Kozhikode
Biological databases are stores of biological information. The journal Nucleic Acids Research regularly publishes special issues on biological databases and has a list of such databases. The 2018 issue has a list of about 180 such databases and updates to previously described databases. Omics Discovery Index can be used to browse and search several biological databases.
Meta databases
Meta databases are databases of databases that collect data about data to generate new data. They are capable of merging information from different sources and making it available in a new and more convenient form, or with an emphasis on a particular disease or organism.[metadatabase is a database model for metadata management, global query of independent database, and distributed data processing. The word metadatabase is an addition to the dictionary]. originally ,metadata was only common term referring simply to data about data such a tags ,keywords, and markup headers.
ConsensusPathDB: a molecular functional interaction database, integrating information from 12 others
Entrez (National Center for Biotechnology Information)
Neuroscience Information Framework (University of California, San Diego): integrates hundreds of neuroscience relevant resources; many are listed below
Model organism databases
Model organism databases provide in-depth biological data for intensively studied organisms.
PomBase: the knowledgebase for the fission yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe
SubtiWiki: integrated database for the model bacterium Bacillus subtilis
Nucleic acid databases
DNA databases
The primary databases make up the International Nucleotide Sequence Database (INSD). To include:
DNA Data Bank of Japan (National Institute of Genetics)
EMBL (European Bioinformatics Institute)
GenBank (National Center for Biotechnology Information)
DDBJ (Japan), GenBank (USA) and European Nucleotide Archive (Europe) are repositories for nucleotide sequence data from all organisms. All three accept nucleotide sequence submissions, and then exchange new and updated data on a daily basis to achieve optimal synchronisation between them. These three databases are primary databases, as they house original sequence data. They collaborate with Sequence Read Archive (SRA), which archives raw reads from high-throughput sequencing instruments.
Secondary databases are:
23andMe's database
HapMap
OMIM (Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man): inherited diseases
RefSeq
1000 Genomes Project: launched in January 2008. The genomes of more than a thousand anonymous participants from a number of different ethnic groups were analyzed and made publicly available.
EggNOG Database: a hierarchical, functionally and phylogenetically annotated orthology resource based on 5090 organisms and 2502 viruses. It provides multiple sequence alignments and maximum-likelihood trees, as well as broad functional annotation.
Other databases
Nucleosome positioning region database
Gene expression databases (mostly microarray data)
Genome databases
These databases collect genome sequences, annotate and analyze them, and provide public access. Some add curation of experimental literature to improve computed annotations. These databases may hold many species genomes, or a single model organism genome.
Phenotype databases
PHI-base: pathogen-host interaction database. It links gene information to phenotypic information from microbial pathogens on their hosts. Information is manually curated from peer reviewed literature.
RGD Rat Genome Database: genomic and phenotype data for Rattus norvegicus
PomBase database: manually curated phenotypic data for the yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe
RNA databases
miRBase: the microRNA database
PolymiRTS: a database of DNA variations in putative microRNA target sites
PolyQ: database of polyglutamine repeats in disease and non-disease associated proteins
Rfam: a database of RNA families
Amino acid / protein databases
Several publicly available data repositories and resources have been developed to support and manage protein related information, biological knowledge discovery and data-driven hypothesis generation. The databases in the table below are selected from the databases listed in the Nucleic Acids Research (NAR) databases issues and database collection and the databases cross-referenced in the UniProtKB. Most of these databases are cross-referenced with UniProt / UniProtKB so that identifiers can be mapped to each other.
Protein sequence databases
Protein structure databases
Protein Data Bank (PDB), comprising:
Protein DataBank in Europe (PDBe)
ProteinDatabank in Japan (PDBj)
Research Collaboratory for Structural Bioinformatics (RCSB)
Structural Classification of Proteins (SCOP)
CATH : Protein Structure Classification database
For more protein structure databases, see also Protein structure database.
Protein model databases
ModBase: database of comparative protein structure models (Sali Lab, UCSF)
Similarity Matrix of Proteins (SIMAP): database of protein similarities computed using FASTA
Swiss-model: server and repository for protein structure models
AAindex: database of amino acid indices, amino acid mutation matrices, and pair-wise contact potentials
Protein-protein and other molecular interactions
BioGRID: general repository for interaction datasets (Samuel Lunenfeld Research Institute)
RNA-binding protein database
Database of Interacting Proteins (Univ. of California)
IntAct: open-source database for molecular interactions (EMBL-EBI)
Protein expression databases
Human Protein Atlas: aims at mapping all the human proteins in cells, tissues and organs
Signal transduction pathway databases
NCI-Nature Pathway Interaction Database
Netpath: curated resource of signal transduction pathways in humans
Reactome: navigable map of human biological pathways, ranging from metabolic processes to hormonal signalling (Ontario Institute for Cancer Research, European Bioinformatics Institute, NYU Langone Medical Center, Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory)
WikiPathways
Metabolic pathway and protein function databases
Taxonomic databases
Numerous databases collect information about species and other taxonomic categories. The Catalogue of Life is a special case as it is a meta-database of about 150 specialized "global species databases" (GSDs) that have collected the names and other information on (almost) all described and thus "known" species.
BacDive: bacterial metadatabase that provides strain-linked information about bacterial and archaeal biodiversity, including taxonomy information
Catalogue of Life: a meta-database of all species on earth
EzTaxon-e: database for the identification of prokaryotes based on 16S ribosomal RNA gene sequences
NCBI Taxonomy: a taxonomic database operated by NCBI and concentrating on all taxa for which DNA sequences are available (those sequences are stored by GenBank, another database operated by NCBI).
Image databases
Images play a critical role in biomedicine, ranging from images of anthropological specimens to zoology. However, there are relatively few databases dedicated to image collection, although some projects such as iNaturalist collect photos as a main part of their data. A special case of "images" are 3-dimensional images such as protein structures or 3D-reconstructions of anatomical structures. Image databases include, among others:
Allen Brain Atlas
Digital Brain Bank
Electron Microscopy Public Image Archive (EMPIAR)
Image Data Resource
Morphobank
Morphosource
Additional databases
Exosomal databases
ExoCarta
Extracellular RNA Atlas: a repository of small RNA-seq and qPCR-derived exRNA profiles from human and mouse biofluids
Mathematical model databases
Biomodels Database: published mathematical models describing biological processes
Radiologic databases
The Cancer Imaging Archive (TCIA)
Neuroimaging Informatics Tools and Resources Clearinghouse
Databases on antimicrobial resistance rates and antibiotic consumption
CIPARS
EARS-Net
ESAC-Net
Databases on antimicrobial resistance mechanisms
Wiki-style databases
Gene Wiki
WikiProfessional
Specialized databases
References
External links
Nucleic Acid Research Molecular Biology Database Collection – over 1,600 databases
Da
Antonio Bernieri (died 1456) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Lodi (1435–1456).
Biography
On 7 June 1435, Antonio Bernieri was appointed during the papacy of Pope Alexander VI as Bishop of Lodi.
He served as Bishop of Lodi until his death on 29 May 1456.
While bishop, he was the principal consecrator of Jacopo-Antonio dalla Torre, Bishop of Reggio Emilia (1439).
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
15th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Alexander VI
1456 deaths
Facelina hartleyi is a species of sea slug, an aeolid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Facelinidae.
Distribution
This species was described from Flinders, Victoria, Australia. It is endemic to southern Australia.
References
Facelinidae
Gastropods described in 1962
Humanist Students is the national umbrella organisation for free-thinking, atheist, humanist and secular student societies in the United Kingdom. Its aim is to provide a national voice for non-religious student societies in the UK and help coordinate national activities.
The group is a membership body composed of student societies in higher education institutes across the UK. In 2012, it became the student section of the Humanists UK (then known as the British Humanist Association), the UK charity which promotes Humanism and secularism in Britain. Until 2017, it was known as the National Federation of Atheist, Humanist, and Secular Students, and later simply Atheist, Humanist, and Secular Students (AHS). In 2017, member societies voted to rename the AHS 'Humanist Students', as well as introducing new structural changes, such as the direct election of the President of Humanist Students by the members of individual societies each year.
Through Humanists UK, the organisation is represented internationally as part of Young Humanists International, the youth wing of Humanists International.
Aims and objectives
As 'The AHS', Humanist Students was set up to support both established and newly forming atheist, humanist and secular student groups and give voice which could be heard nationally. It hoped to achieve this by providing a network, resources and a joint platform for these societies through which they could make their needs and views known on both a national and international level.
Organisational structure
The AHS is run by a committee composed of representatives from each society, namely the president and an elected representative. From the committee the executive, composed of a president, secretary, membership officer, and treasurer, are then elected to form the core leadership body of the organisation.
There is also a sovereign decision-making body within the AHS called the "Caucus". This consists of two representatives from each member society, the executive and the board. They are responsible for electing the executive to manage the organisation on their behalf, determining and directing major policy choices and ratifying applications for membership.
It is one of several sections of Humanists UK, alongside others such as Young Humanists (for 18-35s), LGBT Humanists UK (an LGBT section), and Defence Humanists (for military personnel).
See also
Secular Student Alliance (USA)
Notes
External links
Student organisations in the United Kingdom
Atheism in the United Kingdom
Humanist associations
Secularism in the United Kingdom
2008 establishments in the United Kingdom
Organizations established in 2008
Secular humanism
Gwadar protest is a current ongoing protest from 15 November 2021 on Gwadar's Port Road led by Maulana Hidayat ur Rehman Baloch and other leaders. Thousands of women along with their infants and children are protesting and want free access to the sea for fishermen, an end to harassment by the Coast Guard, seizure of vehicles and closure of trades at the border.
References
2021 in Pakistan
Gwadar District
2021 protests
Protests in Pakistan
The Volta Electric Theatre (later renamed the Lyceum Picture Theatre) was a film theatre in Dublin and was Ireland's first dedicated cinema. The site at 45 Mary Street was later demolished and is occupied today by a department store.
In the early 1900s, demand for moving pictures was fierce and cinemas were springing up all over the world. After visiting Trieste, the writer James Joyce was determined to bring a cinema to Ireland, so after receiving the backing of his Italian friends, he set up the Cinematograph Volta on Mary Street. It opened its doors on 20 December 1909. The opening night featured an eclectic program, with the comedy Devilled Crab, the mystery Bewitched Castle, La Pourponièrre, The First Paris Orphanage, and The Tragedy of Beatrice Cency. A popular actor was Charlie Chaplin.
Joyce soon became disillusioned with the venture, as the cinema mainly showed films from Europe and Italy, which were largely shunned by Dubliners at the time. After seven months, Joyce withdrew his involvement and the cinema was sold to the British Provincial Cinema Company. The cinema stayed open until 1919.
In 1921, it was reopened as the Lyceum Picture Theatre following alterations which increased seating from 420 to 600. In the 1940s, Capitol and Allied Theatres Ltd. acquired the cinema, however, it closed its doors for the last time in 1948. Although it survived almost 40 years, the cinema was rarely successful.
Penneys bought the building along with adjacent shops and built a department store on the demolished site. For many years the site of Ireland's first cinema was unknown to many as there was no plaque to commemorate it. However, on 12 June 2007, a plaque was unveiled on the original site marking the significance of 45 Mary Street.
A connection between the name and cinema in Ireland still remains. Volta is a streaming service for mainly Irish content.
Sources
The Cambridge History of Twentieth-Century English Literature (New York: Cambridge University Press, 2004) (at 342-343)
Kevin Rockett, Luke Gibbons and John Hill, Cinema and Ireland (Croom Helm, 1987) (at 5-6)
Bruce Stewart, James Joyce (Oxford University Press, 2007) (at 48-49)
The Jameson Dublin International Film Festival, "Volta Award"
References
Former cinemas in Dublin (city)
James Joyce
Lyndon Lowell Olson Jr. (born March 7, 1947) is an American business executive and diplomat.
He served as U.S Ambassador to Sweden between 1997 and 2001.
Business career
Olson had a long career in insurance industry. From 1979 to 1987, he was Chairman of the Texas State Board of Insurance and in 1982 served as President of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners.
He worked for Citigroup between 1990-1998.
He currently serves as chairman of public relations firm Hill & Knowlton in New York City.
Political and diplomatic career
Olson served as a member of the Texas House of Representatives from 1973 until 1979.
In 1997 Olson was nominated by President Clinton to be Ambassador to Sweden and went on to serve in this capacity until 2001.
Mr. Olson served as a negotiator on the U.S. Israeli Free Trade Agreement.
Awards
In 2002, King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden presented him with the Swedish-American of the Year Award. He was also awarded the Ellis Island Medal of Honor in 2001. The recipient of an honorary doctorate from Sweden's Umeå University, Olson has served as the Chairman and is a Member of the Board of Directors of the Swedish American Chamber of Commerce and is a Trustee of the American Scandinavian Foundation, both in New York City.
In 2007 Olson was presented the Order of the Polar Star by the King and Queen of Sweden.
Olson has served as a Commissioner and Vice Chairman of the United States Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy having been appointed by President George W. Bush.
Olson is a recipient of the Gates of Jerusalem Award from the State of Israel and serves on the Board of the Jerusalem Foundation.
In 1999, he received Baylor University's Distinguished Alumni Award and in 2002 its Price Daniel Distinguished Public Service Award. Born in 1947, Mr. Olson is an active member of the Council on Foreign Relations and the Council of American Ambassadors.
Education
Olson is a graduate of Baylor University and attended Baylor Law School.
Personal life
He is a member and Elder of the First Presbyterian Church in Waco, Texas.
References
Composition of Texas House of Representatives
1947 births
Living people
Ambassadors of the United States to Sweden
Members of the Texas House of Representatives
American people of Swedish descent
Two human polls comprised the 1974 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
Final Coaches' poll
For the first time, the final UPI Coaches Poll was released after the bowl games, on January 2, 1975.USC received 27 of the 34 first-place votes; Michigan received four and Alabama three.
Only 19 teams received votes
Teams on probation were ineligible for the Coaches' poll, most notably Oklahoma (11–0).
Prior to the 1975 season, the Big Ten and Pac-8 conferences allowed only one postseason participant each, for the Rose Bowl.
In the preceding poll in early December, Alabama was first, followed by Ohio State, Michigan, USC, and Auburn; Notre Dame was eighth.
References
College football rankings
Mark Francis Napier (21 January 1852 – 19 August 1919) was a Scottish Liberal Party politician who served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Roxburghshire in the 25th Parliament between 1892 and 1895.
Napier was born in Naples, the fourth son of Francis Napier, 10th Lord Napier. Educated at Wellington College, Berkshire, and Trinity College, Cambridge, he was a Freemason who joined the Isaac Newton University Lodge whilst a student at university. After graduating from Cambridge with a BA degree in 1874, Napier was then called to the Bar at the Inner Temple two years later. He subsequently practised as a barrister prior to being elected to Parliament.
References
UK MPs 1892–1895
People from Norfolk
Date of birth missing
1852 births
1919 deaths
Scottish Liberal Party MPs
People from Roxburgh
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Members of Isaac Newton University Lodge
Younger sons of barons
John McCoy (born 1 July 1940) is a former Irish Progressive Democrats politician. He was elected to Dáil Éireann for the Limerick West constituency at the 1987 general election, along with 13 other Progressive Democrats Teachtaí Dála (TDs) to the 25th Dáil. He did not stand at the 1989 general election.
References
1940 births
Living people
Progressive Democrats TDs
Members of the 25th Dáil
Peperomia camptotricha is a species of plant in the family Piperaceae endemic to Mexico.
References
External links
The Internet Peperomia Reference
camptotricha
Udo Markus Bentz (born 3 March 1967 in Rülzheim) is a Roman Catholic clergyman and auxiliary bishop in Mainz.
Udo Bentz first trained from 1986 to 1988 as a banker. In 1988 he entered the Mainz priesthood and studied theology and philosophy at the University of Mainz and University of Innsbruck. In 1994 the deacon ordination and the diaconate internship in Griesheim took place. He received the sacrament of the ordination of priests on 1 July 1995 for the bishopric of Mainz by Bishop Karl Lehmann
Until 1998, he worked as a chaplain in the cathedral of St. Peter and the St. Martin parish in Worms. This was followed by a four-year period as personal secretary of the Mainz Bishop Karl Lehmann. After further studies he joined Albert Raffelt at the Albert-Ludwigs-University Freiburg in 2007 with a theological-historical dissertation on Dr. theol. PhD. For this work, he was awarded the Karl Rahner Prize in 2008 by the University of Innsbruck. He was pastoral in the parish of St. Michael in Sprendlingen (2002–2004) and in the parish of St. Peter Canisius in Mainz-Gonsenheim (2004–2007). Since 2007, he is a rain of the Mainz priest seminar. In 2011, he was appointed spiritual minister by the Bishop of Mainz. In 2013, Bentz was elected Chairman of the German Regency Council, the Conference of Rectors of the Priestly Seminars in Germany. In addition to the priestly seminar, he has been teaching the seminary for pastoralists and pastoral assistants of the diocese since 2014.
See also
Roman Catholic Diocese of Mainz#Diocese (1802-present)
References
1967 births
Living people
German Roman Catholic titular bishops
Auxiliary bishops
The 62nd Cavalry Division was an Organized Reserve cavalry unit of the United States Army.
It was created in 1921 due to a perceived need for additional cavalry units, and was numbered in succession of the Regular Army Divisions, which were not all active at its creation. Going into World War II, the US Army Cavalry contained 3 Regular, 4 National Guard, and 6 Organized Reserve cavalry divisions as well as the independent 56th Cavalry Brigade from Texas. After the American entry into World War II, its men were called up for active duty and the division was disbanded in early 1942.
History
The 62d Cavalry Division was constituted on 15 October 1921, part of the Fourth Army and the Third Corps Area. Lieutenant Colonel William R. Taylor initiated its headquarters at 27 West Washington Street in Hagerstown, Maryland on 7 September. It was officially activated shortly afterwards with a strength of only 70 officers on 31 December 1921. On 30 June 1924, the headquarters was moved to the York and Allegheny Avenues in Towson, Maryland. By 31 July 1925, when all authorized units had been activated, it had 355 officers and 43 enlisted men. The division consisted of a headquarters and headquarters troop, the 153rd Cavalry Brigade at Baltimore and the 154th Cavalry Brigade at Richmond, each with two regiments, and support units. It included reserve units from Maryland, Virginia, the District of Columbia, and Pennsylvania. On 1 July 1929, the division's machine gun squadrons were eliminated and absorbed into other units. During its existence, the 462d Armored Car Squadron and 462d Tank Company (Light) were added to the division, and the 462d Field Artillery Battalion was expanded into the 862d Field Artillery Regiment. In 1933, when field armies were reactivated, the 62d transferred to the First Army.
The division generally conducted inactive training between September and May, with most subordinate units holding training meetings at the National Guard army in the city where they were stationed. During the summer, the division usually held training camps at Fort Myer, supported by the 3rd Cavalry Regiment. Alternately, its cavalry units trained cavalry elements of the Citizens' Military Training Camp at Fort Myer and Fort Belvoir. Division support units conducted summer training with units from their own branch. Starting in 1930, the 62d's training became more varied with the increasing experience of the division staff, participating in a command post exercises for the Third Corps Area at Fort Meade in July of that year.
After the operation of Civilian Conservation Corps camps was handed over to reserve units in 1934, 87 division officers were on active duty working with the CCC in November 1935.
After the 61st Cavalry Division's 152nd Cavalry Brigade spent a successful summer training period alongside the 62d Division at Fort Myer in 1937, the entire 61st Division joined the 62d at Fort Myer for the summer training periods of 1938 and 1939, the latter of which was centered on preparing the reservists for the upcoming summer 1940 maneuvers in upstate New York. Also during the 1939 summer training period, elements of the division participated in Third Corps Area maneuvers in northern Virginia. In February 1938, future World War II armor commander Colonel Bruce C. Clarke became division chief of staff, holding the position until 1940. On 1 April 1938, Major General James K. Parsons took command of the division while simultaneously commanding the Third Corps Area. On 27 September 1940, the division headquarters was relocated to the Hurst Building in Baltimore. After the Attack on Pearl Harbor resulted in American entry into World War II, the division was disbanded on 30 January 1942, by which time it had practically ceased to exist due to the calling up for active duty of most of its officers.
Organization
In early 1940, the division included the following units:
Headquarters & Headquarters Troop (Towson)
62d Signal Troop (Towson)
582d Ordnance Company (Medium) (Towson)
462d Tank Company (Light) (Baltimore)
153rd Cavalry Brigade (Baltimore)
305th Cavalry Regiment (Philadelphia)
306th Cavalry Regiment (Baltimore)
154th Cavalry Brigade (Richmond)
307th Cavalry Regiment (Richmond)
308th Cavalry Regiment (Pittsburgh)
862d Field Artillery Regiment (Baltimore)
462d Quartermaster Squadron (Winchester)
462d Reconnaissance Squadron (Washington, D.C.)
402d Engineer Squadron (Baltimore)
362d Medical Squadron (Baltimore)
See also
United States Army branch insignia
List of armored regiments of the United States Army
Formations of the United States Army
References
Citations
Bibliography
Cavalry Regiments of the U S Army by James A. Sawicki Wyvern Pubns; June 1985
”, The Trading Post, Journal of the American Society of Military Insignia Collectors, April- June 2009, pages 19 & 21
Cavalry divisions of the United States Army
Military units and formations established in 1921
Military units and formations disestablished in 1942
The GrEEK Campus is a technology and innovation park in Cairo, Egypt, offering workspaces for startups as well as established local and multinational companies. Located in Downtown Cairo, The GrEEK Campus consists of five office buildings on a total space of 25,000 m2.
History
In the early 1900s, the campus was the site of two Greek schools. In 1964, the campus was sold to the American University in Cairo (AUC) to expand and accommodate more students, where it was dubbed “The Greek Campus”. For 50 years it housed the AUC library, Social Sciences building and Jameel Center, among other buildings.
When AUC completed its relocation to another larger campus on the outskirts of Cairo in 2008, and in the outcome of the events of January 2011 and June 2013, a long term rental contract was entered into with Tahrir Alley Technology Park (TATP), the operating company of The GrEEK Campus.
Expansion
In mid-2019, The GrEEK Campus established a partnership with Monsha'at (the Small and Medium Enterprises General Authority) to manage the operations of Startup Hub Khobar in Saudi Arabia's Eastern Province.
In 2020, The GrEEK Campus launched its second location in Cairo, in Mall of Arabia's commercial workspaces in 6 October City. Spanning 3 zones on a total area of 5,545 m2.
References
External links
Science parks
Statistics of Kuwaiti Premier League in the 1978–79 season.
Overview
Al Kuwait Kaifan won the championship.
References
RSSSF
1978–79
1978–79 in Asian association football leagues
football
The Black Bear Sessions is the debut studio album by the bluegrass/jam band Railroad Earth, released in 2001.
Track listing
"Head" (Sheaffer) – 6:59
"Lordy Lordy" (Sheaffer) – 4:12
"Seven Story Mountain" (Sheaffer) – 6:02
"Chains" (Sheaffer) – 4:29
"Black Bear" (Sheaffer) – 9:13
"Colorado" (Goessling, Sheaffer) – 5:11
"Real Love" (Sheaffer) – 3:48
"Stillwater Getaway" (Goessling, Skehan) – 5:50
"Cold Water" (Tom Waits, Kathleen Brennan) – 3:52
"Railroad Earth" (Sheaffer) – 5:26
Personnel
Tim Carbone – violin, harmonium, vocals, engineer
David Coulter – photography
Andy Goessling – guitar (acoustic), banjo, dobro, vocals, hi string guitar
Carey Harmon – percussion, drums, vocals
Gene Paul – mastering
Railroad Earth – producer
Brian Ross – executive producer
Todd Sheaffer – guitar (acoustic), harmonica, vocals
John Skehan – mandolin, vocals, photography
Don Sternecker – engineer
Dave Von Dollen – bass (upright)
External links
Railroad Earth official website
2001 albums
Railroad Earth albums
Bailleul () is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Geography
Situated in the west of the department, 5 miles to the south of Abbeville, on the D93 road.
Population
Notable people
Guy I de Balliol, Anglo-Norman baron in England
See also
Communes of the Somme department
House of Balliol
Roussel de Bailleul
References
Communes of Somme (department)
The 2021 SBS Drama Awards (), presented by Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS), was held on December 31, 2021, at 21.00 (KST) at SBS Prism Tower, Sangam-dong, Mapo-gu, Seoul. The show was hosted by Shin Dong-yup and Kim Yoo-jung consecutively for 2nd year. The prelude to drama awards to be aired on SBS TV was released on December 13, 2021. Grand Prize (Daesang) was awarded to Kim So-yeon.
Winners and nominees
Presenters
Performances
See also
2021 KBS Drama Awards
2021 MBC Drama Awards
References
External links
Seoul Broadcasting System original programming
2021 television awards
SBS Drama Awards
2021 in South Korea
2021 in South Korean television
December 2021 events in South Korea
Georges J. M. Meekers (born 1965 in Sint-Truiden, Belgium) is a wine writer and educator based in Malta.
His writing career began in the 1990s, when he wrote a wine column for Malta Today. He continues to contribute to The Times of Malta and several international wine trade magazines, such as Harper's Magazine, with vintage reports on Malta and other upcoming wine regions. He is also the author of the first reference book on the Maltese wine industry.
Outside Malta, Meekers is perhaps best known for his role as founder of the wine academy specialising in online wine tuition Wine Campus; he is also head of sales at the winery Emmanuel Delicata Winemaker, and is a member of the Circle of Wine Writers (UK).
Awards
His publication 'Wines of Malta – the essential guide' was awarded 'Best Wine Guide' at the Gourmand World Cookbook Award in London, 2008.
Selected bibliography
Georges Meekers, Wines of Malta – The Essential Guide, 2007
Georges Meekers, Georges Meekers' Cleanskin - A Vinous Expose, 2011
Georges Meekers, Wines of Malta, The Definitive Guide to the New Heritage Wines of Malta and Gozo, 2011 |e-book|
External links
Georges Meekers' official wine writer site
See also
List of wine personalities
Notes
1965 births
Living people
Wine critics
Vrije Universiteit Brussel alumni
Branko Ružić may refer to:
Branko Ružić (sculptor) (1919–1997), Croatian sculptor
Branko Ružić (politician) (born 1975), Serbian politician
Microgaster is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are more than 100 described species in Microgaster, found throughout most of the world.
See also
List of Microgaster species
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
German submarine U-136 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.
She was laid down at Vulkan-Vegesackerwerft in Bremen on 2 October 1940 as yard number 15, launched on 5 July 1941 and commissioned on 30 August with Kapitänleutnant Heinrich Zimmermann in command.
Her service career began with the commencement of crew training with the 6th U-boat Flotilla on her commissioning date. She became operational on 1 January 1942, also with the 6th flotilla.
She sank five ships, with a total of and two warships totalling 1,850 tons. She also damaged one ship of .
Design
German Type VIIC submarines were preceded by the shorter Type VIIB submarines. U-136 had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. She had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two MAN 6-cylinder 4-stroke M6V 40/46 four-stroke, six-cylinder supercharged diesel engines producing a total of for use while surfaced, two Brown, Boveri & Cie GG UB 720/8 double-acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged. She had two shafts and two propellers. The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced, she could travel at . U-136 was fitted with five torpedo tubes (four fitted at the bow and one at the stern), fourteen torpedoes, one SK C/35 naval gun, 220 rounds, and an anti-aircraft gun. The boat had a complement of between forty-four and sixty.
Service history
First patrol
Her first patrol was unusual in that it was divided into three parts. Part one saw the boat depart Kiel on 22 January 1942 and arrive at Kristiansand in Norway on the 24th. Part two was from Kristiansand to Bergen, also in Norway. Part three involved the boat crossing the North Sea and negotiating the passage between the Faroe and Shetland Islands into the Atlantic Ocean. While doing so, she sank on 5 February and on the 11th. She also sank on the 17th. She then sailed to St. Nazaire in occupied France, arriving on 1 March.
Second patrol
During U-136s second patrol, the boat damaged Axtell J. Byles off the US North Carolina coast on 19 April 1942 and sank Empire Drum about southeast of New York on the 24th. All the crew survived; one of them, the third engineer, was found floating with a part of the ship's cargo tucked under each arm - it was TNT.
Third patrol and loss
The boat's third and last patrol began with her departure from St. Nazaire on 29 June 1942. On 11 July, she was sunk with all hands (45 men), by depth charges from the Free French destroyer Léopard, the British frigate and the British sloop west of Madeira.
Wolfpacks
U-136 took part in two wolfpacks, namely:
Schlei (1 – 12 February 1942)
Hai (3 – 11 July 1942)
Summary of raiding history
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
External links
German Type VIIC submarines
U-boats commissioned in 1941
U-boats sunk in 1942
World War II submarines of Germany
1941 ships
World War II shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
Ships built in Bremen (state)
U-boats sunk by depth charges
U-boats sunk by British warships
U-boats sunk by French warships
Ships lost with all hands
Maritime incidents in July 1942
Serenade is a 1956 film directed by Anthony Mann and starring tenor Mario Lanza, Joan Fontaine, Sara Montiel (billed as Sarita Montiel), and Vincent Price. Based on the 1937 novel Serenade by James M. Cain, the film was a Warner Bros. release, Lanza's fifth film, and his first on-screen appearance in four years.
Plot
Serenade tells the story of poor vineyard worker Damon Vincenti (Mario Lanza), who becomes an operatic tenor, and is involved with two women — one a high society hostess, Kendall Hale (Joan Fontaine), the other a Mexican bullfighter's daughter, Juana Montes (Sara Montiel). The tenor has a breakdown because of his unrequited love for the society woman, but finds love (and a happy ending) with the Mexican girl. Highly melodramatic, the film features a great deal of operatic music, all of it sung by Lanza. Of note are the Act III Monologue from Verdi's Otello and an extract from the duet "Dio ti giocondi" from the same opera featuring Metropolitan Opera soprano Licia Albanese.
Cast
Mario Lanza as Damon Vincenti
Joan Fontaine as Kendall Hale
Sara Montiel as Juana Montes (as Sarita Montiel)
Vincent Price as Charles Winthrop
Joseph Calleia as Maestro Marcatello
Harry Bellaver as Tonio
Vince Edwards as Marco Roselli
Silvio Minciotti as Lardelli
Frank Puglia as Manuel Montes
Edward Platt as Everett Carter
Licia Albanese as Desdemona in Otello
Jean Fenn as Soprano in San Francisco
Differences from the source novel
The movie differs greatly from the James M. Cain source novel. In the book, the male protagonist is John Howard Sharp, a professional opera singer who has lost his voice and fled the United States to Mexico in a crisis of confidence after being sexually wooed (not unsuccessfully, though details are vague) by a male socialite and impresario. Juana Montes is a Mexican prostitute who sees Sharp as gay and therefore a trouble-free partner to open a brothel with. But after having sex in a deserted church with Juana, Sharp recovers his voice and his preferred sexual identity. The two lovers come into conflict with the local police and flee to Los Angeles, where Sharp reestablishes his singing career, more successful than ever. But once they move to New York, the singer must struggle against the renewed blandishments of the gay impresario, whom Juana eventually murders with a torero's sword. As none of this material could be considered suitable for an American movie in 1956, the story's male impresario becomes female instead and the Mexican prostitute becomes a Mexican bullfighter's daughter.
Production
Film rights to the novel were bought in 1946 by the production company of Michael Curtiz.
Reception
Reviewing the film in The New York Times, A. H. Weiler wrote that Lanza, "who was never in better voice, makes this a full and sometimes impressive musical entertainment."
The film suffered a purported loss of $695,000.
See also
List of American films of 1956
Bibliography
Cesari, Armando. Mario Lanza: An American Tragedy. (Fort Worth: Baskerville 2004)
References
External links
"Serenade – An Underrated Treasure", by Derek McGovern
Review at Variety
1956 films
1950s musical drama films
1956 romantic drama films
1950s romantic musical films
American musical drama films
American romantic drama films
American romantic musical films
1950s English-language films
Films based on works by James M. Cain
Films directed by Anthony Mann
Films about opera
Warner Bros. films
Films produced by Henry Blanke
1950s American films
WJPI (1470 AM) was an Urban Gospel radio station formerly licensed to Plymouth, North Carolina, United States. The station was owned by 24-7 Communications, LLC.
WJPI went silent on April 1, 2011. On September 28, 2012, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) cancelled the station's license and deleted the WJPI call sign from its database.
References
External links
Defunct religious radio stations in the United States
JPI
Radio stations disestablished in 2012
Defunct radio stations in the United States
2012 disestablishments in North Carolina
JPI
JPI
Bella Kaufman (May 10, 1911 – July 25, 2014) was an American teacher and author, well known for writing the bestselling 1964 novel Up the Down Staircase.
Early life
Bella's father, Michael Kaufman (Mikhail Y. Koyfman) and her mother, Lala (Lyalya) Kaufman (née Rabinowitz) were both from Russia and married in 1909. Bella Kaufman was born in Berlin, Germany, in 1911, where her father was studying medicine. The family subsequently returned to Russia where her father completed his studies. Her father eventually became a physician, and her mother, the second-oldest daughter of famed Yiddish writer Sholem Aleichem, later established herself as a writer under the name Lala Kaufman.
Bel was the older of two children. Her brother Sherwin, born nine years later, was a New York City physician. Bel's native language was Russian, and she was raised in Odesa and Kyiv (in present-day Ukraine). As a child, she published her first poem, "Spring", in an Odessa magazine. Life there was very difficult.
"Dead bodies were frozen in peculiar positions on the street," she recalled. "People ate bread made of the shells of peas because there was no flour."
Kaufman emigrated to the United States in 1922 at age 12 with her parents. She and her family lived in Newark, New Jersey, where her father practiced medicine until his death in 1938. Her mother initially composed in Russian but went on to write sketches and stories in Yiddish that were published regularly for many years in the Jewish Daily Forward (Forverts), and she also translated some of Bel's grandfather (Sholem Aleichem)'s works from Yiddish into Russian.
Bel Kaufman first began learning English after her arrival in the United States but it was hard for her. Upon entering public school at age 12, she was placed in classes with first graders hindered because of language. She attended Hunter College in New York, graduating magna cum laude in 1934 with a Bachelor of Arts degree. She credits a teacher who helped her to learn the English language in her elementary years and it was through her that she came to love English literature. In 1936, Bel graduated with a Master's degree in literature from Columbia University.
Career
Kaufman began work as a teacher in various New York City high schools, while also working part-time as a writer (including articles for Esquire magazine) under the name Bel Kaufman, shortened because Esquire only accepted manuscripts from male authors.
In 1964, she published Up the Down Staircase, a novel about an idealistic young honors college graduate who becomes an English teacher in a New York City high school and deals with the gritty realities of her colleagues and students. The book was based on Kaufman's own teaching experiences. Up the Down Staircase was originally a short story—only three and a half pages long — published in The Saturday Review on November 17, 1962 under the title From a Teacher's Wastebasket. Up the Down Staircase became an enormous success, remaining on The New York Times Best Seller list for 64 weeks. In 1967, the book was turned into a film of the same name, starring Sandy Dennis. The book was also turned into a play, appearing in over 100 Broadway, off-Broadway and road stage productions.
In 1979, Kaufman published a second novel, Love, etc. which was not a critical success. She later wrote several short stories and continued as a teacher and lecturer in New York City. According to Pearson Education, Kaufman has written, "I do not like writing; in truth, I hate writing, and would rather do anything else. But the joy comes when, almost in spite of myself, I come close to what I want to say. A sentence or an insight leaps from the page."
At 99 years old, Bel Kaufman was hired by her alma mater Hunter College in February 2011 to teach a course on Jewish humor. She turned 100 years old during her first semester of instruction. "I'm too busy to get old", noted Kaufman, who spent her days writing in her book-lined study on the Upper East Side of Manhattan.
Personal life
Kaufman married Sydney Goldstine in 1936 upon her graduation from Columbia University. They had two children: Jonathan (a computer science professor) and Thea (a psychologist). The couple divorced in the 1960s. Sydney Goldstine died in 2000. Bel had one granddaughter, Susan Goldstine, a mathematics professor.
In the 1970s, Bel married, secondly, to Sidney J. Gluck, a photographer, Sinologist, and public interest advocate five years her junior. The couple remained married until her death. In 2010, Kaufman celebrated her 99th birthday at the annual memorial to her famous grandfather, the Yiddish writer Sholem Aleichem. She was still writing at age 101, in July 2012.
Death
Bel Kaufman died at home in New York City on July 25, 2014, aged 103. She was survived by her husband, Sidney Gluck, a brother Sherwin Kaufman, her daughter Thea Goldstine, her son Jonathan Goldstine, and her granddaughter, Susan Goldstine.
Awards and honors
Honorary chairman of the Yiddish Studies faculty at Columbia University
Board of Directors for the Sholem Aleichem Memorial Foundation
Anti-Defamation League award
United Jewish Appeal award
Member of Hall of Fame, Hunter College
Selected bibliography
Up the Down Staircase (1964)
Love, etc. (1979)
References
External links
Sidney J. Gluck (personal site)
Bel Kaufman papers at the Sophia Smith Collection, Smith College Special Collections
1911 births
2014 deaths
American centenarians
American women novelists
Columbia University alumni
Columbia University faculty
Hunter College alumni
Writers from Odesa
Odesa Jews
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the United States
Jewish American novelists
20th-century American novelists
Writers from New York City
20th-century American women writers
Sholem Aleichem
Novelists from New York (state)
Women centenarians
Expatriates of the Russian Empire in Germany
Maxinkuckee is an unincorporated community in Union Township, Marshall County, Indiana.
A post office was established at Maxinkuckee in 1857, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1902. The community took its name from Lake Maxinkuckee.
Geography
Maxinkuckee is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Marshall County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
1857 establishments in Indiana
USS Hart (DD-594), a Fletcher-class destroyer, was the second ship of the United States Navy of that name, in honor of Lieutenant Patrick H. Hart (1912–1942), who posthumously received the Navy Cross for heroism during the Battle of Midway.
Namesake
Patrick Henry Hart was born on 31 May 1915 in New York City. He graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1937. He served on board and before becoming a naval aviator in 1940. Appointed Lieutenant in 1942, he was killed on 4 June 1942 in the Battle of Midway while a member of Torpedo Squadron 3. He was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for heroism in attacking the Japanese aircraft carriers.
Construction and commissioning
Hart, originally designated Mansfield and renamed Hart 21 March 1944, was launched 25 September 1944 by Puget Sound Navy Yard; sponsored by Lieutenant Hart's mother, Mrs. Emma Hart; and commissioned 4 November 1944.
Service history
Hart conducted her regular shakedown cruise off California and during her training participated in experimental high-speed refueling exercises with . From 12–23 December, the destroyer refueled at sea some 50 times under all conditions of sea and weather gaining vital information on how to improve this key wartime operation. Ending her regular shakedown on 31 January 1945, the ship departed on 19 February for Pearl Harbor. From 27 February to 3 March she escorted in gunnery and aircraft operations, departing for Ulithi on 5 March.
Arriving at Ulithi 16 March, Hart joined the assembled task forces for the Okinawa operation. From 24 March to 12 April, the ship was assigned as part of the screen for escort carriers furnishing close air support for the landings and preinvasion neutralization of neighboring Japanese air strips. Detached on 12 April, she assumed duty as an escort for transports for 2 days and then commenced protective patrol duties during landings near Okinawa.
Hart was detached from 5th Fleet on 19 April and proceeded to the Philippines to join 7th Fleet for the Borneo landings. She arrived off Brunei Bay on 9 June 1945 and commenced a patrol of the South China Sea to guard against possible interference from the remains of the Japanese Fleet at Singapore. Hart also carried out shore bombardment beginning 11 June in support of Australian troops landing at Brunei Bay. On 14 June, she shot down her first Japanese aircraft during an attempted bombing. During the period of 19–21 June, she provided close support for further landings on the coast of Borneo near Brunei Bay, and then departed for Balikpapan and other amphibious operations. While there, Hart patrolled, provided star shell illumination, and directed minesweeping vessels through the treacherous enemy minefields off the beaches. Australian troops went ashore on 1 July, under cover of fire from Hart and other ships; during the operation Hart destroyed two mines and a 75 mm gun emplacement ashore.
Temporarily leaving the landing areas, Hart was assigned as part of the escort for Major General Douglas MacArthur in , steaming to Manila with the General and then proceeding to Leyte on 5 July. She next moved to Subic Bay for training exercises and escort duty, and after the surrender of Japan on 15 August was assigned to the newly formed North China Force.
Hart departed on 5 September 1945 to support the landing of Army occupation forces at Jinsen, Korea. The force threaded its way through many mines en route, and after arrival, Hart sent boarding parties on board Japanese merchantmen in the harbor for inspection and disarming. This duty completed, Hart sailed for China, escorting Cruiser Division 6 in an important show of force off the coast. She continued through the next few months to aid in the landings of American Marines, calling at Port Arthur, Tsingtao, and Taku.
The veteran destroyer sailed for the United States 9 February 1946, decommissioned 31 May 1946, and was placed in reserve at Long Beach, California. She was later moved to Mare Island Naval Shipyard, and then Stockton, California.
Hart was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register 15 April 1973, was sold on 3 December 1973, and broken up for scrap.
Awards
Hart received two battle stars for her service in World War II.
References
External links
navsource.org: USS Hart
hazegray.org: USS Hart
World War II destroyers of the United States
Ships built in Bremerton, Washington
1944 ships
Fletcher-class destroyers of the United States Navy
Anshuman is a given name and surname of Indian origin. People with that name include:
Surname
Karan Anshuman (born 1980), Indian film writer, director, and producer
Given name
Anshuman Bhagawati (born 1978), Indian cricketer
Anshuman Gaekwad (born 1952), Indian cricketer and coach
Anshuman Gaur (born 1974), Indian civil servant
Anshuman Gautam (born 1994), Indian cricketer
Anshuman Jha (born 1986), Indian film and theatre actor
Anshuman Joshi (born 1996), Indian actor in Marathi cinema
Anshuman Mohanty (born 1986), Indian politician, engineer, entrepreneur and former information technician
Anshuman Nandi (born ), Indian drummer and child actor
Anshuman Pandey (born 1975), Indian cricketer
Anshuman Rath (born 1997), Hong Kong cricketer
Anshuman Singh (born 1935), Indian judge and state governor
Anshuman Singh (cricketer) (born 1999), Indian cricketer
Anshuman Tiwari (born 1974), Indian journalist and editor
Anshuman Vichare (born 1975), Indian actor, director, producer and television personality
See also
Knapsack is a locality of Hürth, Rhine-Erft district, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
On Wednesday 17 October 2007, King Harald of Norway opened Statkraft's first gas power plant at Knapsack in Germany. The plant will have an installed capacity of 800 MW.
History
Knapsack, its first documentary mention in 1566, started to emerge into a notable village after 1900 due to establishment and development of industry (1906 the Knapsack-Griesheim AG, later part of the Hoechst AG; 1913 construction of the brown coal power plant Goldenberg-Werk)
During World War II the RAF bombed the Knapsack power-station several times. The first raid was a low-level daylight raid on 12 August 1941 by 54 Bristol Blenheims under the command of Wing Commander Nichol of No. 114 Squadron RAF. The Blenheims hit their targets (the Goldenberg Power Station in Knapsack and the Fortuna Power Station in Quadrath) but twelve of the Blenheims were lost during the raid, 22 percent of those that took part which was far above the sustainable loss rate of less than five. A further raid took place on the night of 2/3 October 1943 with 12 OBOE Mosquitos, and a second attack that year was another night attack on 21/22 December 1943 by 4 Mosquitos.
Due to environmental constraints, 4000 citizens had to be resettled between the years 1969 and 1979.
See also
Commons:Hürth-Knapsack gallery of local photographs
References
Towns in North Rhine-Westphalia
Xenonectriella is a genus of lichenicolous fungi in the family Nectriaceae. The genus was circumscribed by lichenologist Josef Karl Weese in 1919, with Xenonectriella lutescens assigned as the type species.
Species
Xenonectriella aurantiaca
Xenonectriella calabrica
Xenonectriella coppinsiana
Xenonectriella dirinariae
Xenonectriella fissuriprodiens
Xenonectriella humilis
Xenonectriella leptaleoides
Xenonectriella lutescens
Xenonectriella nephromatis – Alaska
Xenonectriella ornamentata
Xenonectriella protopannariae
Xenonectriella rosea
Xenonectriella rugulatispora
Xenonectriella septemseptata
Xenonectriella streimannii
Xenonectriella subimperspicua
Xenonectriella vertebrata
References
Nectriaceae
Nectriaceae genera
Taxa described in 1919
Lichenicolous fungi
Miljana Border Bridge (; ) is a bridge over the Sutla River, between Croatia and Slovenia.
It was built in 2012 and opened on 11 July by Croatian and Slovene ministers of infrastructure, Siniša Hajdaš Dončić and Zvonko Černač.
References
Bridges in Croatia
Road bridges in Slovenia
Bridges completed in 2012
Croatia–Slovenia border crossings
Buildings and structures in Krapina-Zagorje County
Panagiotis Symelidis (; born 3 November 1992) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a winger for Super League club Levadiakos.
Honours
Levadiakos
Super League 2: 2021–22
References
1992 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Gamma Ethniki players
Football League (Greece) players
Super League Greece 2 players
Apollon Smyrnis F.C. players
Agrotikos Asteras F.C. players
Apollon Pontou FC players
Trikala F.C. players
Levadiakos F.C. players
Association football wingers
Footballers from Kozani
Swimming, for the 2015 Island Games, took place at the Les Quennevais Sports Centre and Playing Fields in Saint Brélade, Jersey. Competition took place from 29 to 2 July 2015. The events were held in a short course (25 m) pool.
Medal table
Medal summary of events
Men's events
Women's events
References
2015 Island Games
2015 in swimming
2015
The Antique Tribal Art Dealers Association (ATADA), was founded in 1988, by a group of independent antique tribal art dealers to form a professional association of dealers that would provide education for the public and set standards for the trade. They recognized that tribal and ethnographic art had reached a level of specialization found in other art fields and were concerned by the volume of misidentified and pastiche materials on the market. Members offer buyers a guarantee that objects they sell are as represented regarding age, authenticity and extent of restoration.
Goals and objectives of ATADA
The ATADA is a non-profit membership organization of respected and established tribal art dealers from across the United States. ATADA was formed to represent professional dealers of antique tribal art. Their objectives are to promote professional conduct among dealers and to educate the public in the valuable role of tribal art in the wealth of human experience. The organization's highest-priority goals, are:
1) to encourage the public to educate themselves in the cultures these objects represent and the roles they played within the cultures; and
2) to provide a set of standards for the trade and present ourselves to the public as a trustworthy association of art dealers adhering to the tenets outlined in ATADA bylaws.
Included in the ATADA goals statement is the assurance that "the materials and goods utilized or accorded reverence by functioning religious or cultural communities, as part of their system of religious beliefs or practices, should receive appropriate protection from commercial exploitation and market pressures. Tribal leaders, dealers in tribal arts and appropriate government officials should work together to establish norms and procedures for ensuring that protection. Concern for the protection of legitimate, ongoing religious beliefs and practices, however, should not constitute grounds for objection to trade in objects that are no longer of religious significance to any extant culture, whether due to extinction of the religious system or the fact that the object itself has lost whatever religious significance it might once have had. Nor should such concerns interfere with the right of the legitimate owners of ceremonial objects to dispose of those objects as they see fit, as long as no applicable laws are violated."
The ATADA currently publishes The ATADA News and The ATADA Membership Directory. The first issues of the ATADA Newsletter were published in 1988, first edited by Gary Spratt, then by Ramona Morris, then by Gordon Lorenzo Fritz, then by Alice Kaufman. The name of the publication is now the ATADA News.
Membership
Members are generally regarded as authorities in the field of antique tribal art. ATADA Members are required to uphold ethical standards as defined in the ATADA Bylaws, and must agree to honor the ATADA guarantee of authenticity and condition for all American Indian and Tribal Art sales. In addition to demonstrating a commitment to enriching the cultural lives of their communities, members share their expertise through significant exhibition, informative catalogs, and by offering quality works of art whose authenticity is unconditionally guaranteed.
The "2009-2010 ATADA Members Gallery and Directory" lists members by surname and allows them to post a full-color, annotated image of some of their best available pieces. ATADA has vetted the images of all objects displayed, while each member retains responsibility for authenticating and identifying their own objects. Each ATADA member has pledged to honor the guarantee of authenticity and condition.
On February 24, 2006 the ATADA launched a Lifetime Achievement Award "for contributions to the understanding and preservation of tribal art".
The organization's budget for 2020 was $122,111.
Antique tribal art shows
ATADA has worked in association with promoters to help vet their shows, recruiting a group of qualified volunteer experts. ATADA vetters assisted at the Santa Fe Historic Indian and World Tribal Arts show in 2006 and The Marin Art of the Americas show in San Rafael, California in 2007. It is an ATADA goal that vetted shows will soon become the standard.
ATADA Lifetime Achievement Awards
The ATADA Lifetime Achievement Awards recognize and celebrate the outstanding accomplishments and contributions of people whose work has been both groundbreaking and instrumental to the fields of American Indian and Tribal art.
ATADA presidents
Founder and President: Gary Spratt — 1988, 1989
James Reid — 1990
Bob Gallegos — 1991
Jan Duggan — 1992, 1993
Interim Leadership: Robert V. Gallegos and Taylor A. Dale — 1994, 1995, 1996
Marcy Burns — 1997, 1998
Robert Bauver — 1999, 2000
Christopher Selser — 2001, 2002
Ramona Morris — 2003, 2004
Merrill Domas — 2005, 2006
Thomas Murray — 2007, 2008
Arch Thiessen — 2009, 2010
Kim Martindale — 2019, 2020
Administration
As of 2020, Robert Gallegos is the Executive Director.
References
External links
Antique Tribal Art Dealers Association, Inc.
Organizations established in 1988
Arts organizations based in the United States
Associations of art dealers
Tribal art
Native American arts organizations
FC Orol Nukus () is Uzbekistani football club based in Nukus. Currently it plays in Uzbekistan First League.
History
Before joining Uzbek League in 1992, Amudarya Nukus played in Soviet Second League, regional zones in 1976–1984.
In 1991 club was renamed to Aral Nukus. Club played in Uzbek League 3 consequent season 1992–1994, relegating to Uzbekistan First League at the end of 1994 season.
In 1999 Orol Nukus gained promotion to top level again, playing in Uzbek League 2 seasons: 2000 and 2001. In 2001 season club finished 17th and relegated to lower division.
Currently club plays in Uzbekistan First League, conference "West". In March 2012 before start of First League season, club was renamed from Jaykhun Nukus to Orol Nukus again.
Historical names
1976—1989: Amudarya Nukus
1990: Aralvodstroevez
1991—1999: Aral Nukus
2000—: Turon Nukus
2007—2012: Jaykhun Nukus
2012: Orol Nukus
Stadium
Club home ground is Turon Stadium which holds 9,300 spectators.
Managers
Quvvat Tureev (1999–)
Nagmetulla Kutibayev (2013–2016)
Temur Turdiev (2016–)
References
External links
FC Aral Nukus matches and results – soccerway
Football clubs in Uzbekistan
association football clubs established in 1976
The Central Securities Depository of Poland (Krajowy Depozyt Papierów Wartościowych, KDPW) is a Polish central securities depository responsible for the management and supervision of the depository-settlement system as it relates to the trading of financial instruments in Poland. Polish CSD holds securities in uncertificated (dematerialized) form. It is a joint-stock company owned by 3 shareholders: the Polish Ministry of Treasury, the Warsaw Stock Exchange, and the National Bank of Poland.
CSD of Poland has operated as a department of the Polish Stock Exchange since 1991, and has been a joint-stock company since November 1994.
It participates in Association of National Numbering Agencies and European Central Securities Depositories Association.
References
External links
KDPW
Government agencies of Poland
Central securities depositories
Absa Bank Seychelles Limited, formerly known as Barclays Bank Seychelles Limited, is a commercial bank in Seychelles. It is licensed by the Central Bank of Seychelles, the central bank and national banking regulator.
Location
The bank's headquarters is located at Capital City Building, Independence Avenue, Victoria, Seychelles. The geographic coordinates of the bank's headquarters are:(Latitude:-4.622926386062543; Longitude:55.45356283347604).
Overview
The bank is involved in meeting the banking needs of individuals, small and medium-sized businesses (SMEs), and large corporations. It is one of the nine commercial banks licensed in the country. Absa Bank Seychelles Limited is a subsidiary of Absa Group Limited, the Pan African financial services conglomerate headquartered in South Africa, with subsidiaries in 12 African countries, whose total assets exceeded US$87 billion as at 30 June 2017.
History
The bank opened in the country 1959, as a branch of Barclays of the United Kingdom. The bank operated in that capacity until 2000, when Barclays Bank Seychelles Limited was incorporated. In 2006, the bank served approximately 35,000 customers, through 5 branches, 7 ATMs and 130 members of staff. In 2013, the bank became a member of Barclays Africa Group, in which Barclays Plc had a 62.3 percent majority shareholding.
Name change
Beginning in October 2019, Barclays Bank Seychelles Limited began re-branding to Absa Bank Seychelles Limited. The process concluded on 10 February 2020, when the legal and business names of the bank changed to Absa Bank Seychelles Limited.
Governance
The bank is governed by a board of directors. The chairman of the board is Jean Weeling Lee, one of the non-executive directors. The managing director and CEO is Johan Van Schalkwyk.
See also
List of banks in Seychelles
Absa Group Limited
References
External links
Official Website
Banks of Seychelles
Absa Group Limited
Victoria, Seychelles
Banks established in 1959
1959 establishments in Seychelles
1959 establishments in the British Empire
Luke Patrick Ball (born 25 May 1984) is a former professional Australian rules football player who played for the and football clubs in the Australian Football League. From 2003 to 2009 he played 142 games for the St Kilda Football Club where he was captain in 2007 and best and fairest and All-Australian in 2005. He is one of the only players in AFL history to have played in four consecutive grand finals for two clubs; for St Kilda in 2009 and for Collingwood in 2010, the 2010 replay and 2011.
Early life
Ball is the younger brother of Hawthorn player Matthew Ball, both of whom played for the local football club at Ashburton in their junior years. Both brothers and little sister Sophie grew up with their parents in the Melbourne suburb of Glen Iris, attending St Roch's Primary School. His father, Ray Ball, was also a footballer, who played for Richmond and South Melbourne.
He was drafted to the St Kilda Football Club in 2001 with the priority pick (number 2 overall) in the AFL Draft. The draft that year was known as the "super draft" and Ball was taken behind Luke Hodge and ahead of Chris Judd. He debuted in 2003 after having injury problems and choosing to play football for Xavier College in his final school year. Ball finished his schooling with a VCE ENTER score of 98.8.
AFL career
After missing his initial debut season, Ball was a Rising Star nominee in his debut season of 2003. He played 16 games and averaged 15.8 disposals per game in a solid first season.
2004 season
Ball played in St Kilda's 2004 Wizard Home Loans Cup winning side, the club's second pre-season cup win.
2004 was a big year for Ball, coming second in St Kilda's Trevor Barker Award for the club's best and fairest player. In 2004, Ball averaged 20 disposals and 5 tackles per game. He also pushed forward to boot 17 goals for the season.
2005 season
In 2005 Ball won the Trevor Barker Award for St Kilda's best and fairest player, tying with Steven Baker.
Ball was also recognised for his excellent season with selection in the 2005 All-Australian Team as a midfield player, his first All-Australian Team award. He averaged 22 disposals and 5.3 tackles per game.
When Nick Riewoldt was injured in the opening round of the 2005 season (and consequently missed the next five weeks), Ball was appointed as acting captain.
2006 season
In 2006 Ball was announced as the St Kilda captain, succeeding Nick Riewoldt under the Saints' then rotational captaincy policy. Early in the season groin problems kept the young captain from performing at his best, but he was cleared in mid-June of having Osteitis pubis from which many media outlets had claimed he was suffering. Ball's second half of the season saw improvement in his game. He was slightly down on his 2005 form, but still managed to average 21.9 touches and play 21 games in his first season as St Kilda captain.
2007 season
In 2007 Ball was co-captain along with Lenny Hayes and Riewoldt. He played a total of 18 games of the home and away season - picking up 345 disposals, 5 goals and 91 tackles. Although well down on his 2005 form, he played a valuable role in the team and solidified his reputation as a "hard-nut" and core member of St Kilda's midfield.
2008 season
Ball played in St Kilda's 2008 NAB Cup winning side - St Kilda's third pre-season cup win.
In 2008 Ball again missed only four games with injury - picking up 392 disposals, 7 goals and 107 tackles. A hamstring tear late in the season caused him to miss the finals series.
2009 season
Ball played in 17 of 22 matches in the 2009 AFL season home and away rounds in which St Kilda qualified in first position for the finals, winning the club's third minor premiership.
St Kilda qualified for the 2009 AFL Grand Final after qualifying and preliminary finals wins. Ball played in the grand final when St Kilda was defeated by 12 points.
At the end of 2009 season Ball requested to be traded to Collingwood. A deal between the two clubs, however, was not settled before the trade week deadline despite mediation from the AFL. On 10 November 2009 he officially left St Kilda and nominated for the national draft. On 26 November 2009 he was drafted to Collingwood with their first pick (number 30 overall).
Ross Lyon described the departure of Ball in early 2010:
"Look, Luke Ball in simple terms is this: Luke had a rich history with St Kilda, but the AFL is a professional sport and expectations are often set and not met by club or player. Clearly, along the line, there have been some expectations not met on both sides of the fence. Luke is a Collingwood player now and that's his future and it's not for me to talk about our expectations. During the year he got dropped, then he matched our expectations (and returned) and then obviously there were some expectations from Luke that we weren't meeting and he moved on. That's where that sits. That (the failed trade to Collingwood) was the decision we made at the time and we stand by that. Did we want nothing for him? No. Let's be clear on this, Luke wasn't traded or delisted. Luke walked out on St Kilda, of which he had a million dollar-plus contract on the table. "
Of the departure, Ball stated that "I guess Collingwood's list and the fact they have been right up there for three or four years is attractive, plus a good blend of youth and experience. I have moved on from St Kilda with no bitterness or resentment. I had eight great years with the club. But after eight years I felt like I needed a fresh start and fresh opportunity. That's a pretty simple way to put it and maybe when the dust settles I'll be able to explain it a bit better. "
2010 season
Ball made his Collingwood debut in the NAB Cup first round, coincidentally against St Kilda, his former club. The Saints won the game by one point after they had been leading by seven goals in the third quarter. His home and away debut came in Round 1 against the Western Bulldogs at Etihad Stadium. The Magpies won the game by 36 points with Ball having 18 disposals. In the Preliminary Final, Ball left the field during the third quarter with a hamstring cramp. Despite this he was selected in the squad for the grand final.
Collingwood played St Kilda in the 2010 AFL Grand Finals on 25 September, which ended in a draw. The premiership was decided in a rematch on 2 October 2010, that Collingwood won. In his post match interview, Ball was modest in celebrating, citing respect towards his ex-teammates in St Kilda and adding "It was more about trying to restart a career and it's amazing how it has all turned out."
Ball's first season in the black and white saw his love and passion for footy to return, he played 24 games and averaged 21.1 disposals as apart of Collingwoods engine room.
2011 season
Ball had another stellar season in the midfield whilst joining Collingwood's leadership group, he averaged 21.5 disposals and laid 166 tackles (6.9 per game) in 24 matches. He also returned to form in front of goal after having much criticism for his goal kicking, he answered his critics by slotting 18.3 for the season.
During the 2011 season he became one of Collingwood's most important and most consistent players. Grabbing the spotlight in the finals series whilst scoring two clutch goals to seal victories in both the Qualifying final and Preliminary final. The goal in the 2011 prelim would be one of Luke's best highlights, as he snapped a goal on his opposite foot (left) with less than 2 minutes to go, giving Collingwood the win.
His 2011 season ended in disappointment, as Collingwood lost the 2011 Grand Final to the Geelong Cats by 38 points.
2012 season
Ball started off the 2012 season by being elected the President of the AFL players association. He also was appointed acting captain in Collingwood's first NAB cup game.
During Collingwood's Round 3 match against Carlton, Ball suffered a knee injury in the first quarter. After having it strapped, Ball returned to the field but subsequently re-injured his knee just before halftime. Later scans revealed Ball had ruptured his anterior cruciate ligament (ACL), requiring a knee reconstruction & ending his season.
2013 season
Hamstring issues delayed Ball's start to the season and then played in the VFL to get his form back. He recorded 26 possessions and eight clearances on his return against Bendigo during a Friday night VFL fixture at the Queen Elizabeth Oval and was summoned to AFL ranks two weeks later.
Ball returned from a knee reconstruction in round eight against Geelong. In his second game back in round nine Ball managed to notch 28 disposals and nine tackles. He went on to produce a consistent season punctured by three one-week layoffs with calf complaints.
His best game of the season was against Essendon in round 19 when he polled three Brownlow votes owing to his seven tackles, 22 possessions and four clearances.
His return season from a knee reconstruction saw Ball play 13 games and averaged 23.4 disposals.
2014 season
At the end of the season, following a back injury which would require surgery to play in 2015, Ball announced his retirement.
Statistics
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2003
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 14 || 16 || 10 || 6 || 134 || 118 || 252 || 53 || 48 || 0.6 || 0.4 || 8.4 || 7.4 || 15.8 || 3.3 || 3.0
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2004
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 14 || 25 || 17 || 5 || 280 || 219 || 499 || 95 || 126 || 0.7 || 0.2 || 11.2 || 8.8 || 20.0 || 3.8 || 5.0
|- style="background:#eaeaea;"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2005
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 14 || 24 || 12 || 10 || 335 || 193 || 528 || 94 || 126 || 0.5 || 0.4 || 14.0 || 8.0 || 22.0 || 3.9 || 5.3
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2006
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 14 || 21 || 4 || 6 || 249 || 210 || 459 || 101 || 104 || 0.2 || 0.3 || 11.9 || 10.0 || 21.9 || 4.8 || 5.0
|- style="background:#eaeaea;"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2007
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 14 || 18 || 5 || 9 || 190 || 155 || 345 || 80 || 91 || 0.3 || 0.5 || 10.6 || 8.6 || 19.2 || 4.4 || 5.1
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2008
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 14 || 18 || 7 || 6 || 190 || 202 || 392 || 71 || 107 || 0.4 || 0.3 || 10.6 || 11.2 || 21.8 || 3.9 || 5.9
|- style="background:#eaeaea;"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2009
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 14 || 20 || 3 || 7 || 185 || 207 || 392 || 61 || 116 || 0.2 || 0.4 || 9.3 || 10.4 || 19.6 || 3.1 || 5.8
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2010
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 12 || 24 || 7 || 10 || 246 || 261 || 507 || 100 || 155 || 0.3 || 0.4 || 10.3 || 10.9 || 21.1 || 4.2 || 6.5
|- style="background:#eaeaea;"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2011
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 12 || 24 || 18 || 3 || 282 || 235 || 517 || 107 || 166 || 0.8 || 0.1 || 11.8 || 9.8 || 21.5 || 4.5 || 6.9
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2012
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 12 || 3 || 0 || 1 || 28 || 22 || 50 || 10 || 17 || 0.0 || 0.3 || 9.3 || 7.3 || 16.7 || 3.3 || 5.7
|- style="background:#eaeaea;"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2013
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 12 || 13 || 2 || 4 || 148 || 156 || 304 || 41 || 84 || 0.2 || 0.3 || 11.4 || 12.0 || 23.4 || 3.2 || 6.5
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2014
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 12 || 17 || 6 || 3 || 156 || 153 || 309 || 69 || 83 || 0.4 || 0.2 || 9.2 || 9.0 || 18.2 || 4.1 || 4.9
|- class="sortbottom"
! colspan=3| Career
! 223
! 91
! 70
! 2423
! 2131
! 4554
! 882
! 1223
! 0.4
! 0.3
! 10.9
! 9.6
! 20.4
! 4.0
! 5.5
|}
Career highlights
2011 Collingwood Pre-Season Cup Winning Team
2010 Collingwood premiership team (2 October)
2010 Collingwood grand final team (25 September)
2010 Collingwood minor premiership team
2009 St Kilda grand final team
2009 St Kilda minor premiership team
2008 St Kilda pre-season cup winning team
2007 St Kilda captain
2006 St Kilda co-captain
2005 St Kilda best and fairest award (equal)
2005 All-Australian team
2004 St Kilda pre-season cup winning team
2004 International Rules team
10 AFL finals series matches
Personal life
On his mother Jenny's side of the family, Ball is the grandson of former St Kilda footballer Felix Russo and nephew of former Hawthorn and St Kilda footballer Peter Russo. In addition, Ball is the first cousin of Sydney Swans footballer Josh Kennedy.
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
St Kilda Football Club players
Collingwood Football Club players
Collingwood Football Club Premiership players
All-Australians (AFL)
Trevor Barker Award winners
People educated at Xavier College
Sportspeople from Melbourne
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Sandringham Dragons players
Australia international rules football team players
Australian people of Italian descent
One-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
